["Five sheep peeking out of a wall and eating hay on the ground.", "Five sheep eating hay from behind an enclosure.", "Five animals leaning out of a wooden cage eating hay. ", "The five brown animals peer through the stable and eat hay ", "Some sheep reach their necks out so they can eat some hay. "]
["A red double decker bus on the street next to a car.", "A passenger bus that has two stories driving down the street.", "A red two story bus on a city street.", "A double decker bus on a crowded street pulling up to a bus stop.", "a double deckered bus on a city street"]
["two red shuttle buses riding down a street next to a blue pole.", "The double decker bus drives next to a normal size bus.", "A couple of red double decker buss on a street", "a double decker bus rides next to another bus ", "two buses one regular the other double decker  on a city street\n"]
["A red bus on side of street next to a building.", "This bus has a sign that is explaining its last destination.", "An ordinary picture of a bus stopped at the curb.", "A red bus parked in front of a building near a street.", "A red Wembley Central Metroline bus 223 on a city street."]
["A red bus driving in front of a double decker bus.", "Two red passenger buses on a city street together. ", "Two buses are traveling down a city street.", "Red London buses driving down a city street", "Two red busses are traversing next to a tall brick building."]
["Dogs drinking water next to a statue of a dog.", "Several dogs are drinking water out of on dish.", "Four small dogs on leashes drink out of a bowl on the ground with a dog statue in front of them.", "Three dogs on leashes, two of the dogs are eating out of a bowl near a fire hydrant.", "Three dogs on a leash with a wooden dog."]
["A blue and white city bus parked at a bus stop.", "A bus is parked in a residential neighborhood.", "A bus is stopped at a curb with door open.", "a city bus parked in front of a house", "The bus is parked next to the curb."]
["Red metropolitan bus at intersection in city environment.", "A red bus is traveling down a street.", "an image of a tour bus driving down the street", "A red bus on a street with a building in the background.", "A bus stopped in the street near some parked cars and a building."]
["A group of sheep in grassy area next to trees.", "a number of animals in a field with trees", "Several small animals running across the grass field.", "a few sheep scattered in a field grazing", "Sheep graze in a field beneath a blue sky."]
["A purple and green fire hydrant next to a black and green fire hydrant.", "Four fire hydrants are near each other near some grass. ", "Multi colored fire hydrants are displayed in the gravel.", "A number of short fire hydrants painted in vibrant colors.", "Three fire hydrants painted in vibrant, contrasting colors. "]
["Two sheep are bent down grazing on grass.", "Two sheep grazing on hay covering the grass in a field ", "Two sheep graze side by side in a fenced enclosure.", "Two sheep graze on the straw in the field.", "Two lambs eating hay from ground of a field"]
["A red fire hydrant with a green cap with a bird on top of it.", "A red and green fire hydrant with a fence in the background.", "a red and greed fir hydrant with a tool on top of it.", "a hose is connected to a red fire hydrant", "A wrench sitting on top of a red fire hydrant with a hose connected to it."]
["A young man sitting on top of a metal and wood bench.", "A boy is sitting on a narrow bench.", "A person sitting on a wooden bench outside.", "a little boy is sitting down on a park bench", "a person sitting on a bench near a house"]
["A man sitting on a bench looking out to sea.", "The statue of a man sitting is near the ocean. ", "A rusty statue of a man is overlooking a lake. ", "a figure of a person is sitting on a bench by the water", "a statue of a man sitting on a bench "]
["A man sitting on a bench next to the ocean.", "A statue of man sitting on a bench overlooking the ocean. ", "A man sits on a park bench watching the ocean.", "A statue sitting on a bench in front of water. ", "A wooden statue of a man sitting on a bench facing the ocean."]
["A couple of people sleeping on top of a bench.", "Two people napping a bench with a bag on the ground between them.", "A man and a woman sleep on a bench outside with a bag on the ground in between them. ", "a couple of people are sitting on a wooden bench", "The two people are asleep on the wooden bench"]
["a red fire hydrogen next to a road in front of a bus", "A bus is slowly approaching a fire hydrant. ", "A bus is approaching the corner of a street where a fire hydrant is located.", "A fire hydrant in front of a large bus on a street.", "A red fire hydrant sitting in front of a bus."]
["A fire hydrant sits in front of office buildings. ", "A fire hydrant in front of some buildings at night.", "A night scene of a fire hydrant on a grassy slope in front of a building.", "A fire hydrant that is in the grass.", "A fire hydrant is seen outside a building at night."]
["A herd of sheep walking along the side of a road.", "A man sheepherding on the highway while motorists pass.", "A flock of sheep walk on a busy road.", "Sheep travel along the side of the road", "A herd of sheep shares the road with cars and motorcycles."]
["a small group of people that are in front of a bus", "A group of men standing on the outside of a bus.", "The bus is pulling up the toe curb.", "People standing on a sidewalk waiting to get on a bus.", "A white bus is pulled up to the curb."]
["A large red double decker bus traveling down a road.", "a pair of double decker city buses in front of an apartment building", "a double decked bus driving down a street", "A street scene with two double decker busses.", "A red double decker bus is driving down the street."]
["A yellow fire hydrant sitting next to two trash cans.", "Several trash cans near a fire hydrant in the snow.", "Two green trash cans sitting in the snow near a yellow fire hydrant.", "A yellow fire hydrant sits by green trash cans in the snow.", "A fire hydrant in the snow beside two trash cans."]
["Some very pretty giraffes in a big grassy field.", "Several giraffes stand in a flat, grassy field.", "a giraffe looking straight into the camera ", "4 Giraffes one of them is looking straight at the camera", "A group of giraffes standing in green grass."]
["A beautiful young lady laying on top of a park bench.", "Redhead woman wearing a green outfit sitting on a bench. ", "A woman relaxing feet up on a bench", "A RED HAIRED WOMAN LOUNGING ON A  WOODEN BENCH", "A red headed woman is relaxing on a bench."]
["Old blue bus with bicycles parked on roadway near green space.", "An old grey bus with bicycles on the front going down the road.", "A blue bus driving down a road next to a lush green field.", "The old bus is painted a faded blue.", "a blue bus parked on the side of a road"]
["A man in white shirt standing outside of a building with a yellow fire hydrant in the foreground.", "A yellow fire hydrant is on the sidewalk by a building.", "Yellow Fire Hydrant on a red curb at the corner of a street ", "A yellow fire hydrant at the edge of a sidewalk with the edge of the sidewalk painted red.", "A man standing in front of a building with his hands behind him ."]
["A white bird flying through a light blue beautiful sky.", "A sea gull flying high in the sky on a clear day", "A lone sea gull flying against a blue sky.", "A bird flies high in a cloudless sky.", "A seagull flies against a bright blue sky."]
["Two giraffes with necks crossed in the distance.", "two giraffes with their necks crossed in a field ", "Two giraffes are walking together in the open field", "Two giraffes with their necks crossed in a plain.", "A couple of giraffe standing next to each other."]
["A black and yellow fire hydrant on a city sidewalk.", "A black and yellow fire hydrant sitting on a sidewalk.", "Boardwalk with orange stripes in the middle and a black hydrant with a yellow cap.", "A black and yellow fire hydrant on street next to a wall.", "Red bricks set in a sidewalk leading the way past a fire yellow and black hydrant."]
["A bus is driving down a road with cars behind it.", "A large bus goes down a rural road.", "A bus that is driving down the road.", "A street scene with several cars and a bus.", "A passenger bus that is driving down the street."]
["A fire hydrant is on the corner of the street.", "A white fire hydrant sits on the sidewalk across the street from another identical one.", "A white fire hydrant sits on a street corner.", "A fire hydrant on the corner of an intersection.", "Here is an image of an outside city.\n"]
["A bird is perched on the back of a horned animal.", "a bird is sitting on the bull in the field", "The bird is standing on the back of a cow with long horns.", "A crane sits atop a water buffalo in a grassy area.", "a black bull hiding behind some grass while what looks like a white crane is riding the bulls back."]
["A full shot of a big yellow bus. ", "a public transit bus on a city street", "A yellow and red bus sitting on top of a parking lot.", "A yellow bus is parked outside in the parking lot.", "A yellow and red bus about to make a left-hand turn."]
["Bus traveling down road with headlights on past cars parked on street", "A very big city bus on a very wide city street.", "A large long bus on a city street.", "A bus on the road with cars parked on both sides", "A bus driving down a street past parked cars."]
["Three giraffes are next to a cage of green food.", "Three giraffes are standing together near the grass. ", "a couple of giraffes are standing outside together", "A giraffe and her two babies sanding next to a hay feeder.", "A group of giraffe standing next to each other."]
["A paper sitting on top of a white plate near a small bird.", "a close up of a muffin wrapper on a table ", "Three small birds walk on a table near a plate.", "The birds are eating crumbs on the table.", "A bird that is standing in front of a plate."]
["A blue bus driving down a street next to trees.", "A vehicle parked on a street next to the water.", "A VW Bus vehicle is sitting curbside on the street.", "A Volkswagon Van parked on the side of street.", "An old van parked on the side of the street"]
["A green street sign mounted to a traffic light.", "A street sign is hung on a pipe in front of a grand building.", "A green street sign reads Bannock above the street.", "The builder is located on Bannock St, West on the 200th block.", "A street sign hangs in front of a large building."]
["this is giraffes standing around in the dirt", "Four giraffes standing near each other in a enclosed area.", "An animal enclosure with four giraffes standing around.", "Two adult giraffes and two child giraffes indoors in a room together. ", "Four giraffes in an enclose with two of them being smaller."]
["Two giraffe in front of a painting of the outdoors at a zoo.", "Two giraffe lying on a cement floor covered in hay.", "Two young giraffe's laying down on the ground.", "The two giraffes are lying in a pile of straw.", "Two baby giraffes sitting down by a pile of hay."]
["Lambs grazing in a green pasture near the seaside.", "A field of many sheep in front of a large building and water.", "A group of sheep grazing in a field near a village.", "A herd of sheep eating grass in a field.", "a herd of sheep graze on some grass "]
["A city street with many different cars driving.", "A city street scene showing taxi cabs, a road with a turn arrow, and various businesses.", "A view of a city street with motorcycles and taxi cabs. ", "a number of cars on a city street with many signs", "a busy street with taxi's parked down the road."]
["A person on a motor bike on the water.", "A man on a motor bike passes by an ocean-side street sign", "some street signs in a foreign language with a person driving on a motorcycle", "A motorcyclist is driving past a post with two street signs.", "A stop sign near a beach and a do not turn left sign"]
["A bird that is sitting on top of a branch.", "A bird is perched on a street that has lost its leaves.", "A small brown and white bird on a branch", "A Bird with puffed up feathers perched on a branch.", "A bird perched on the branch of a tree."]
["a pedestrian walk sign among these billboards signs", "Street and advertising signs on the buildings in an oriental city", "a street sign with a building in the background ", "A street crossing sign with advertisements attached to a buildings in the background.", "Various signs written in either Chinese or Japanese and also a sign of a man walking across a street."]
["A mirror on top of a pole on the street", "The traffic mirror shows the building across the street.", "A mirror, road signage and a skyscraper in the city", "A large round mirror sitting up on an orange pole.", "A large rounded mirror to help people see past certain angles. "]
["there is a small bird sitting on the ledge of a building", "A little bird is sitting on a building edge over trees.", "A bird standing on a ledge near trees. ", "A bird very small sitting on the ledge . ", "A bird that is sitting on a ledge."]
["a number of birds flying near a nest ", "Three large birds are near a nest built on an electrical post.", "A nest of osprey, one in flight, sits atop a utility pole. ", "The birds have a nest at the top of a power pole.", "Stork parents near a large nest perched on telephone pole."]
["A nest filled with baby birds crying for their mother.", "A nest full of hatch-lings mouths open waiting to be fed", "There are baby birds in a birds nest", "Baby birds in a nest ready for their dinner", "Baby birds in nest looking up with mouths open."]
["A warning sign among the tall evergreen trees.", "A street sign sitting next to a very tall tree.", "A view of a sign that reads steep descent on it.", "a red and white sign is on a pole", "a black red and white sign and some trees"]
["A woman is standing in front of an old train.", "A girl posing in front of a very old train.", "A girl stands by an old train holding an item.", "A woman standing in front of an old train.", "Girl that is posing by an old train."]
["A woman standing on a beach near the water", "A lady standing on the beach at water's edge.", "A lady standing on a beach in a hat and sunglasses. ", "A young woman walks along the beach near the water.", "A woman stands next to the ocean on a beach."]
["A man kneeling down to pet a small dog.", "a person kneeling down and petting a small dog", "a man petting a small dog and smiling for a camera", "A man with a hat kneeling petting a little dog.", "A man bends down to pet a dog."]
["A man walking a down down a sidewalk.", "A man walking his dog along a sidewalk in a park.", "A man is walking a dog on the sidewalk.", "A man walking a large dog on a sidewalk ", "Man walking his dog on a walk way in the park."]
["A man and a woman pose next to a small dog which is wearing a life jacket.", "A couple kneels in the grass with their dog.", "A man and woman are kneeling down with a dog", "A man and woman with their small dog.", "A man and a woman outside with a dog."]
["A group of commuters standing next to a passenger train.", "Passengers walking along a train at the station.", "A train marked 800 is at a station.", "People walk beside a train at a train station.", "The people are walking down the track as the train arrives.  "]
["A man laying on top of a bed inside of a train room.", "A man sits in a loft holding what appears to be his phone.", "a man laying in a top bunk of an RV ", "A MAN LAYING ON THE TOP BUNK IS PLAYING ON HIS PHONE", "A man laying down on what appears to be bunk beds in a small room."]
["A man looking out a train window at an airport.", "A man looking out of an airport window at planes.", "a number of large air planes on a run way", "A man looking at a couple of airplanes through a window.", "A man is looking out the window at the airplanes."]
["a pair of cows are standing in a field", "The cows stand in the field among the hills.", "Two sheep stand in a field with mountains in the background.", "A wheat field with a pair of cows grazing in it.", "A close up shows predominantly high growth of a hay-like nature, a wire and slat fence, and far off, a jumping sheep, possibly a second one, and way far off, mountains. "]
["a small bird in a bird feeder/house ", "A bird sitting on the side of a custom tree house.", "A small bird perches at the opening of a round hanging birdhouse", "A bird sitting on a small bird feeder.", "Bird feeding from a gourd feeder in a garden"]
["A small bird on a wooden board on the water.", "A duck is standing on a slab of wood as it looks in a pond. ", "A bird is standing on the wooden ledge of a plank.", "The bird is perched at the edge of the wooden plank.", "A bird on a plank looking at water that's green."]
["I am unable to see the image above.", "A train is traveling on a railway bridge.", "A red train on a wooden bridge high above a lake.", "A train traveling over a tall red bridge.", "THERE IS AN IMAG EOF A TRAIN OVER A BRIDGE"]
["A wooden post showing different paths to be taken", "A pole with two wooden street signs in front of a bush.", "An old street looking sign made of wood", "A sign in the trees labeling the paths as paths.", "A street sign in a park with everything labeled \"path.\""]
["A factory with a large smoke stack next to a train.", "An industrial building stands near train tracks with a train on them.", "An industrial factory sits alongside train tracks under a blue sky.", "A picture of a red building is  highlighted by a gate and train tracks outlining it.", "A large industrial building with a smoke stack as seen through a chain link fence."]
["Two birds standing on a section of cobblestone.", "Two small birds are sitting on bricks in the ground. ", "Two birds resting on a brick walkway together.", "cute little sparrows standing around on a brick sidewalk", "A grey brick sidewalk with a cute bird sitting on top of it."]
["A colorful railroad train arriving at a station.", "A train is parked at the station and has many characters on the side of it.", "A green train is sitting at a red light on the tracks.", "A commuter train is stopped on train tracks.", "A train is sitting in a train station. "]
["A boy holding a baseball glove at a baseball game", "A kid standing near a baseball field and some people.", "A boy is laughing at a baseball game.", "A young boy standing up in the stands at a baseball game.", "a young boy at a baseball game smiling while facing the crowd\n"]
["A man riding a skateboard while wearing an orange hat.", "an image of a man skateboarding near construction", "A man in a construction site using a skate board.", "A young man is riding his skateboard past a construction zone.", "A man skateboards down a road in front of a tractor. "]
["A green and black train sitting on top of snow.", "A wooden train that is sitting in the snow.", "A toy train is sitting on a playground in the snow.", "A large wooden play toy train in the snow.", "A green train parked, sitting in the snow"]
["Baby birds walking in a swamp and over reeds.", "a couple of baby ducks are in the water", "The tiny birds are playing in the water.", "The small baby birds are walking in the shallow water.", "Three black ducklings walk in a reed-filled pond."]
["Birds are eating from a bird feeder with a pine cone on it.", "Some birds are standing on a bird feeder and having fun. ", "One grey bird and an orange one rests in the forest", " Two birds standing around a box of birdseed.", "Two birds perched on a bird feeder next to a pine cone."]
["many black and white ducks are walking on a road", "A large flock of geese walking on a paved trail.", "A lot of ducks walking down the walkway in a park.", "A long line of geese walking down a park lane.", "Ducks and geese walking down the path while people are coming"]
["A gray pigeon is perched on the edge of an old gutter.", "A pigeon perched on top of a pipe.", "A large black bird is perched on a stone ledge.", "The perched grey bird is sitting on a cement ledge.", "A single bird perches on a stone ledge."]
["a couple of birds are standing on a gutter", "A few pigeons sitting on a drainage on a building.", "Three birds are perched on a house gutter.", "The birds are perched upon the top of the roof.", "Three birds perched on a gutter on a building."]
["A pigeon is sitting on a stone ledge.", "A very cute bird perched on a gutter.", "Grey pigeon sitting on a railing looking at something.", "A fluffed up pigeon sitting on a metal edge", "A close up shot of a pigeon on a rain gutter."]
["A man sitting on a chair next to a black dog.", "A man is sitting on his couch on a laptop while his dog lays beside him.  ", "A man wearing a brown cap looking sitting at his computer with a black and brown dog resting next to him on the couch.", "A man is on the couch next a dog laying down. ", "Young adult male with cap sitting at his computer desk with his dog laying beside him."]
["A bird standing in the sand and another bird landing on a blanket in the sand.", "Bird landing on a colorful blanket sitting in the sand.", "The seagulls came down from the sky and landed on the beach towel.", "A bird is landing on a beach towel.", "a bird landing on a beach towel at the beach"]
["An advertising column with advertising posters on it.", "A large display case has advertisements and posters in it.", "A busy downtown area with many people sitting and moving around", "A sidewalk with tube holding various posters next to building.", "Image of a pillar advertisement unit at an outdoor cafe setting."]
["A train sits on the tracks under an overcast sky. ", "A red and blue train traveling down train tracks.", "A commuter train on train tracks at a stop.", "A blue, red, and yellow training at a train station.", "A large red and blue train on the train tracks."]
["A passenger train pulling into the train station.", "A person is walking on the sidewalk next to the train tracks.", "A long train pulling into a train station next to a loading area.", "The train is painted red, orange, blue, and yellow.", "A train is pulled into a train station. "]
["People at a train station boarding a train before it leaves.", "A blue and yellow train traveling down train tracks.", "there is a train that is approaching the train stop", "A train engine pulling carts into a station as passengers wait.", "Passengers wait on a platform for the arrival of a train."]
["Two colorful passenger trains passing near a platform.", "A passenger train that is pulling into the station.", "Subway car is either coming or going outside of a subway stop.", "a red train is passing by a white one at a station", "A red train traveling past a white train."]
["A red passenger train at an underground platform.", "That thing is really red and slow lol", "orange subway car stopped at a subway station", "A red train pulls up to an underground train platform.", "A train parked on the tracks in the subway.", "A subway train pulls into a subway station."]
["Multiple people waiting on a boarding dock to get on the train.", "A commuter train in the station with people waiting.", "People standing on a boarding dock at a train station.", "subway train arriving to the station for people", "People wait at a train station for the train to arrive."]
["A train sitting in a train station next to a loading platform.", "A multi-colored train is coming to a stop at a train station.", "People stand on a train platform, as a train prepares to leave its station.", "A very bright colored pretty train by a platform.", "A blue and yellow train is traveling down the train tracks. "]
["The train is about to go under the bridge.", "A train station showing several trains on different tracks.", "A train on the train track going under a bridge.", "at the railway station where many trains are taking off", "A train station with a train driving into it."]
["A street sign next to a bend in the road.", "A wrong way sign is posted on a two-way street.", "a street with a red sign that says wrong way", "A Wrong Way sign standing next to a curving road.", "A two lane road with a wrong way sign."]
["Trains on a track, one with freight boxes.  ", "Train tracks in a city with a train on them ", "A train crosses the tracks underneath a pedestrian bridge", "A railroad track traveling underneath a bridge in the day.", "A freight train moving along the tracks in a train yard."]
["An Amtrak passenger train is making it's way down the tracks next to some large hills.", "The train is ready to pull out of the station.", "The train is beginning to arrive at its destination.", "A long silver train sitting in a station near a mountain.", "A Amtrak train that is stopped at a station for loading of passengers. "]
["A subway station above groundtrain with a small green building.", "A very long elevated train is making its way through the city.", "A photo of four different train tracks and a train on one of them.", "A big train riding along on the train tracks", "The train is going down the railroad tracks. "]
["A commuter train crosses over a train bridge in a down town city area.", "The passenger train moves down the tracks toward the next station", "A train going through the city on train tracks.", "A view of train tracks with a train passing by.", "A train carrying carts down a track through a city."]
["Railway crossing sign and vacant train tracks and road", "A stop sign is in front of the railway crossing.", "A railroad crossing with a stop sign and a building in the background.", "a rail way crossing sighn in front of train tracks. ", "A railway crossing sign that warns onlookers to stop. "]
["A group of people standing at a station by a train.", "a group of people watch as a train leaves ", "a train at a train station with people waiting", "A white train sitting next to a subway platform.", "a subway train pulls away from the station leaving some passengers behind"]
["A group of young men standing outside of a subway train.", "A group of men carrying luggage on to a train.", "Travelers getting ready to board a subway train.", "A group of people waiting in line to board a train.", "A group of men entering the doors of a train"]
["A classic car waiting at a 3-way stop sign.", "A vintage sports car at a traffic intersection.", "A car sitting next to a red stop sign in the street.", "A car sitting at a stop sign in a city.", "A car is stopped in front of a stop sign"]
["Street intersection with stop sign near cement wall.", "A stop sign on a road bounded by a concrete wall. ", "A red stop sign sits on the curb of a dusty street.", "a red stop sign that is on a pole", "Foreign \"stop\" sign stationed near the bend of the road"]
["A monorail train is traveling on a track.", "A metro train on the station for repair.", "A blue and silver color elevated train traveling through the station.", "The elevated train is in the foreground, the road in the background.", "The front of a commuter train with an countryside in the background"]
["a group of trams running down tram lines", "A passenger train moving along the tracks next to a bridge.", "A railway train in the middle of tracks moving through the city.", "A monorail on a winding, elevated track in an urban area.", "A mono rail on one of many intersecting tracks up in the air."]
["A stop and street sign on the side of the street.", "A red stop sign sitting on top of a wooden post.", "a stop sign standing on the corner of a street ", "A stop sign and trees at an intersection through a fisheye lens", "A STOP sign at an intersection in a residential area,"]
["2 people take a stroll, as a stop sign looms in the foreground.", "A stop sign in front of some people on the street.", "a close up of a street sign with people walking near by", "The stop sign is displayed for all to see. ", "A red stop sign sitting on the side of a road."]
["Two trains running along a set of tracks. ", "Two trains passing each other by on separate rail road tracks.", "The colorful red and gray trains are on the tracks.", "Two trains are traveling down the tracks with large buildings behind them.", "A grey and red training arriving and leaving a station."]
["A silver, blue, and orange train is moving past a platform at the train station.", "a group of people watch as a train passes them by ", "a train on a track near people ", "A train travels quickly as it approaches the station.", "A subway train driving by a platform with people standing on it."]
["A stop sign is hanging from a post.", "Nice family neighborhood with multiple direction and street signs.", "A stop sign with a two street sign and a one way sign.", "A red stop sign sitting underneath two blue street signs.", "A STOP sign, One Way sign and street signs at a city intersection."]
["A train traveling along train tracks next to another set of tracks.", "A train has graffiti on it while it sits on the track", "A locomotive with the word BNSE and is painted orange and yellow.", "there is a train that is pictured stopped on the tracks", "A orange, yellow, and black engine car is on the tracks."]
["A young boy standing in front of a parking meter.", "A boy putting money in a parking meter on a sidewalk.", "This youngster is barely tall enough to reach the meter", "A boy is holding on to a parking meter", "a small boy is putting change into a time meter"]
["The blue train is passing through a wooded area. ", "a blue train in the middle of a forest", "green valley with a creek and blue train", "A train that is driving by on a hill side.", "a blue train is coming down some tracks"]
["A dark train terminal has interesting overhead lighting.", "A crowd of passengers walking along a subway platform.", "A train covered with snow sits in a train station. ", "A busy train station that is lightly covered in snow", "A woman waiting to board the subway train."]
["A bike parked against a parking meter near a street.", "This is a photo of a bicycle parked at a parking meter. ", "A bicycle is attached to a parking meter on the side of a road", "A bicycle is chained to a pole on the side walk.", "A bike is chained to a parking meter on the sidewalk."]
["A person wearing a beige ski hat driving a car. ", "a close up of a person driving a car", "An inside view of a driver driving towards a bright light.", "A man in a jacket and a cap holds a steering wheel in a car.", "a person driving at night with headlights glaring on the windshield "]
["A black and white dog standing on top of a seat.", "a dog standing in a car and looking at something ", "A dog that is leaning on a set.", "An dog is taken in this very picture. \n", "A small dog sits up in a car seat."]
["A white FedEx truck parked in front of a tall building.", "A Fed Ex truck and a car sit parked on the street in the fall.", "A fed ex truck is on the side of the road. ", "a business truck parked on a city street", "A FedEx truck and car parked on a street with leaves on the ground."]
["A colorful truck parked outside  at a parking meter", "Queens Library vehicle parked on a city street.", "A delivery truck for a library parked by a meter.", "an orange business truck on a city street", "Queens Library cargo truck parked at a street meter."]
["An assortment of items that were in a purse.", "Various items on a table that includes gum, mints, a book and a cell phone.", "Books, cell phones, music players and beauty supplies are set before a travel bag.", "Items from inside a handbag laid out neatly on a desk", "the contents of a purse spread out on a table by the purse"]
["A cat sitting in a chair with its eyes open.", "A cat's head sticking out of a leather bag.", "A cat has raised its ears and is staring ahead.", "A cat is sitting in a person's handbag.", "A light brown cat poking his head outside of a leather purse."]
["The dog is standing in the edge of the water.", "A couple of dogs about to play in placid water.", "Two dogs on leashes at the waters edge.", "A couple of animals standing on the side of a river.", "Two dogs on a leash playing on the shore and in the water of a lake."]
["a red truck a yellow crane some water boats and trees", "a red truck is parked out near a crane", "A bay with a truck and crane near a river", "A crane and a truck near boats in the water. ", "A  crane on a construction site near water "]
["The horse eats hay near a cat standing in a doorway. ", "this is a cat running on some carpet", "A striped cat is watching a horse eat.", "Horse being a fence staring at a cat in front of a doorway.", "A tabby cat watches a horse eating hay in a barn."]
["a herd of cows stand on some tiled dirt ", "A few cows standing in the dirt near each other.", "Three cows in a dirt field looking at the camera.", "A group of cows hanging out in the muddy part of a field", "a bunch of cows that are standing in a field"]
["A young farmer using a Sunshine Milker machine to milk a cow.", "A man milking a cow at a stable with other cows in it. ", "There is a man who is milking a cow.", "A couple of cows and a person in a room.", "A man prepares to milk a dairy cow."]
["A brown and white cat resting in someones shoe", "A brown cat is sitting next to some shoes.", "A Siamese cat resting on a pair of shoes. ", "A cat who is cuddling next to a pair of shoes.", "A very cute cat laying its head on a pair of shoes."]
["A red truck riding down a street with the license plate that reads \" HT-Stuff \".", "a truck parked in a field of grass ", "a red and yellow truck is parked in grass", "a big red truck with some writing on the back of it ", "The old, restored car is painted bright red."]
["A small kitten laying on top of a purple slipper.", "A cat laying in a shoe on the ground.", "a kitten is sitting in a bedroom slipper", "A small kitten seated inside a house slipper.", "A cute kitten is sitting in a purple slipper."]
["A furry cat sits inside of a black suitcase. ", "a cat laying in a luggage bag on a bed", "A cat inside of a suitcase on a bed.", "A cat lays in a suitcase on a bed.", "Cat in a piece of luggage on a bed."]
["A cat is laying in an empty suitcase with a fluffy tail hanging over.", "A cat sleeping inside of a black piece of luggage.", "Black soft case suitcase with cat inside, on olive green bed spread on twin bed, maybe hotel room.", "a adult cat is lying in a suitcase", "A cat sitting inside of an empty suitcase on a bed."]
["A cat laying in an open suitcase that is on a bed. ", "A cat in a suitcase on a bed.", "A cat sitting in a suitcase on a bed ", "A long haired cat is lying inside of a suitcase that is on a bed.", "A cat sits in a piece of rolling luggage."]
["A grey vintage truck on street next to a house.", "An old grey pickup truck is parked in front of a white house with pillars holding the porch up.", "A beat up truck sits in front of a house.", "a truck parked on a city street near a tree", "A rusted, primer colored truck parked in front of a house."]
["A couple of semi trucks parked next to each other.", "The trucks are parked along the street beside each other.", "Two large diesel trucks parked near a paved road.", "Semi-trucks parked on grassy area near a street.", "Two trucks parked in the grass next to each other ."]
["A close shot of a cow standing in the wild. ", "The large cow is standing in a field of tall grass and flowers. ", "A white cow stares straight ahead while standing in high grass", "A cow that is standing in the grass.", "a big white cow, yellow flowers, and blue sky."]
["A cat laying under a chair next to a bottle of water.", "A colorful cat chasing something under a seat", "A cat playing with a water bottle, underneath a table.", "A cat beneath a table playing with a beverage container.", "A cat under a table on a wooden floor playing with a jar."]
["A cat peeking over a table while in the chair ", "A cat in a chair peeking above the table's edge at a drink.", "Cat on chair peering over top of table at glass of beverage.", "A cat with an intense look staring at a drink.", "the cat peeks over the table at a glass of juice"]
["A open box with pizza on the ground.", "A cat stands next to an open pizza box.", "A cat stands near a box of pizza on the floor. ", "a cat standing besides a box with a piece of pizza", "A cat standing next to an open box with pizza in it. "]
["Construction equipment seen at work site in urban area.", "A construction site with trucks, dirt and machinery. ", "Construction workers use a bulldozer and truck to move dirt.", "A front end loader and dumptruck at a construction site.", "Construction trucks and tractors are moving dirt. "]
["A colorful bus driving down a street in front of a bus.", "A multicolored vehicle that is driving down a street with a white bus behind it.", "A purple and orange bus is traveling down the road. ", "A yellow, orange and purple school bus driving down the road.", "a truck that is driving down the road"]
["A white truck driving down a curvy road near trees.", "The garbage truck is turning the corner of an intersection.", "A trash truck is turning a street corner. ", "A white trash truck making a turn on a suburban street.", "A heavy duty truck makes a right turn onto a residential street."]
["There are some people standing around a truck on a street", "People are standing in the road around the truck.", "Some people standing near an orange work truck.", "A group o people standing on the shoulder of the road.", "Vehicles and people block the road near the mountains."]
["a large food truck is parked on the side of the street", "A truck with a picture of food on it driving on a street next to a house.", "A Schwan's delivery truck parked on the side of the road. ", "A delivery truck parked in front of a white house.", "A schwan's truck parked on the side of the street."]
["Black and white cat sleeping on blankets with collars.", "Two cats that are laying next to each other.", "a couple of cats that are laying on the bed", "A cat laying on top of  abed next to other cats.", "Two large adult cats relaxing on a bed."]
["A calico cat is curled up on a mat taking a nap.", "The cat is sleeping on a mat near a box and a mirror.", "a cat is curled up on a folded towel ", "A tortoiseshell cat curled up asleep in a cat bed is reflected in a mirror.", "a kitty cat all curled up on it's bed"]
["A herd of brown cattle standing on a grass covered field next to a  river.", "Bulls and cows with their young in a field beside a stream. ", "A heard of cattle are gathering near a water hole.", "Two adult long horn cows and several young cows stand in a field in front of a pond. ", "A herd of cows stand in a group in a pasture."]
["Woman walking on a sidewalk in front of a street with a black vehicle.", "People walk on the sidewalk while a truck drives by on the street.", "a city street and sidewalk with a black car driving by some pedestrians", "An old bus is driving down a city street.", "The girl and bus are going in different directions."]
["Two cats staring out a window at a squirrel.", "Two cats inside a window looking at a squirrel outside the window.", "The two cats are looking out the window at the squirrel. ", "Two cats watching a squirrel outside a window.", "Two cats looking out a window at a squirrel in the snow."]
["A group of cows on a grassy field.", "A group of cows running through a grass field pasture.", "Three cows walking in the grass near trees. ", "Three cows are walking in a field near trees.", "Three dairy cows in a grassy paddocks fenced by bushes."]
["A white truck driving down a road next to green trees.", "there is a white mail truck coming down the road", "THERE IS A VAN THAT IS DRIVING DOWN THE STREET ", "a white truck driving on a city street", "A sandwich truck driving down a street "]
["A small herd of cattle in a large field.", "a number of cows in a field near one anotehr ", "a couple of cows that are on the grass", "This group of steer are laying in the grass", "Here is a group of longhorn cattle resting in the sun."]
["A cow grazing in the field and a man standing next to it.", "A man with short sleeves and a hat, standing next to a cow in high grass.", "A black and white image of a man in a hat standing beside a cow.", "A man is standing next to a cox", "A man standing next to a cow in a dry grass covered field."]
["A man petting his dog on a boat. ", "a man is out on a boat with his dog", "A man on a boat pets a dog in a life jacket.", "Man petting a dog in a fishing boat.", "a white dog in an orange vest and a man in a blue shirt and water"]
["a group of cows grazing next to a barn", "A herd of black and white cattle standing outside of a small building.", "Cows are grazing by the farm house while a man watches", "A barn with lot's of cow's in front with a man standing.", "A black and white photo of cows and a barn. "]
["A group of cows stand next to a fence.", "Cattle in a pen looking towards the camera.", "Three cows standing together in a fenced area.", "Three cows are standing behind a wire fence.", "Three cows in a pen staring at the camera."]
["cows inside a pen reaching for a woman", "A woman is feeding a bunch of cows.", "A cow eating from a woman's hand while another cow tries to get some too. ", "Cows are trying to kiss the girls on the arm.", "A woman in jeans stands near cows standing beside a fence."]
["People fly their kite by the sea while a boat sits in the background.", "A boat sailing in the water near a beach with people.", "A boat that is sitting in the water.", "a medium sized boat in a large body of water ", "People flying a black-and-white kite overlooking the ocean with a bone. "]
["Several cows huddled in a patch of dirt. ", "A group of cow standing in a patch of dirt in a pasture.", "The group of brown and white cows all stand close together.", "This is a lot of cows trying to stand in one spot in a yard.", "The cows are standing in a herd in the field."]
["a person laying on a boat in water", "A person lies down in a boat with their feet over the edge.", "Feet hanging of the side of a white and black boat.", "Boat on water with persons feet on edge of boat.", "A boat on the water with a persons feet sticking up out of the boat."]
["a furry cat sits behind a child's laptop", "A cat sitting behind a laptop on a desk.", "A cat that is sitting on a table that has electronics on it.", "A cat is posing next to a laptop computer.", "a cat is standing near a tiny computer"]
["A cat sleeps on top of a computer mouse.", "A cat taking a nap on a mouse next to a laptop", "A cat taking a nap next to a laptop resting its head on the mouse.", "A cat sleeping on the mouse of a computer next to the computer.", "a cat lays down next to a laptop "]
["A white boat sitting along side of a shore line.", "A vehicle has many plants for sale on top. ", "a boat on a riverbank selling flowers and plants", "A boat doubles as a plant sale display.", "This is a picture of a interesting place where you can buy flowers."]
["A man siting next to a black dog on a stool.", "An old person in formal dress is sitting with a black dog.", "Black and white portrait of a man and his beloved dog", "An old picture of a man in a suit with his dog", "A man in a suit and glasses poses with a dog"]
["A boat parked on top of a beach in crystal blue water.", "A boat is anchored at the beach in shallow water.", "A small boat sits in shallow water in a tropical setting.", "A long boat is sitting on the clear water. ", "An empty boat is tied up over clear water. "]
["Two guys standing around with the same colored tie on. ", "Young man putting on some tires for formal function", "Two men posing for a picture, with ties on.", "Two guys standing, one adjusting his tie, another with his hands on his hips and tie  untied.", "two men standing next to each other with some blue and silver ties"]
["The ship is sailing on the water as the people swim.", "the surfers are out on the ocean together", "Two surfers looking out towards a sail boat.", "A sailboat moving slowing across the waters in the ocean.", "Two people on surfboards padding into the water. "]
["The family is ready to enjoy a nice dinner together.", "A woman with her arms around another man and woman", "Three smiling people at a dining room table.", "A group of people are gathered around a table filled with food. ", "A group photo of three people posing in front of  a  table full of food."]
["A man in shirt with napkin tucked in at his neck.", "A man with a beard wearing a tie napkin", " A man standing with a bib which looks like a dress shirt and tie.", "A man is sitting with a napkin tucked into his collar.", "A young man with a beard wearing a napkin under his tie. "]
["Three men in suits posing together for a picture.", "Three smiling men in black business suits with a black background.", "Three men in suits are standing in front of a black backdrop.", "Three men all three of them are wearing business suits.", "Three business men wearing ties smiling for the camera."]
["Two men wearing ties holding glasses filled with beverages.", "Two men in business clothes with alcoholic drinks at a corporate party", "A couple of men standing close together having drinks.", "Young business man at social formal function enjoying company.", "A pair of men stand together holding beers."]
["Two men enjoy glasses of beer at a gathering.", "Two men pose for a picture at a formal event", "Two men holding glasses of beer at a convention", "Two young men are grinning while holding wine glasses.", "Two men standing beside one another smiling at an event. "]
["A man and woman dancing on top of a dance floor.", "The man and woman are dancing at a party.", "People are dancing at a party for a wedding.", "A man dancing with a woman at a party.", "A group of people dancing on a wooden dance floor. "]
["A man who is wearing a tie with some words on it.", "A MAN IS WEARING A SILLY TIE AT A PARTY", "An individual is in the open view in the picture. \n", "An older man standing amongst others wearing a sassy tie.", "An old man wearing a suit standing up near a crowd of people"]
["An elephant with tusks is on the grassy ground.", "Sad looking elephant standing in a field in Africa\n", "Large elephant posing with its trunk in its mouth.", "An elephant with large tusk grazing on a grassy field.", "An elephant with tusks looks tired and away."]
["An elephant in a field touches its nose to its mouth.", "A large grey elephant with giant white tusk.", "an elephant standing in a field checking out its trunk", "A close up of an elephant in a field.", "A large  elephant feeding itself using its trunk "]
["A small tug boat is gliding in the ocean.", "The motorboat is passing a lighthouse on a small island.", "A boat is traveling away form the light house on the lake. ", "A boat going past a light house on a small island.", "A white and red boat in water with lighthouse in background."]
["A man playing drums while making a creepy face.", "a man that is beating on some drums", "A guy playing the drums with a very intense look on his face.", "A man with a strange look on his face playing the drums. ", "Adult man in shirt and tie playing drums at musical event. "]
["Professional speaker on stage pointing out his coworker", "A politician smiles and looks with arm around an associate.", "A man standing in front of microphones. ", "a man standing in front of microphones with another person", "A man with a tie on standing by microphones and pointing."]
["Adolescent standing in the living room in a tuxedo. ", "there is a young man wearing a suit and bow tie", "Young man dressed in a tuxedo poses for the camera", "A man wearing a jacket and bow tie.", "A man in tuxedo posing for a photo."]
["A group of people standing in a bathroom while man puts on a tie.", "Three men and one older woman stand near a man who is looking in the mirror with the collar of his white shirt up.", "A gentleman trying on an outfit with his peers.", "A man fixing his tie as others speak to him", "Young man tying his tie while his family watches"]
["a man in a room staring off into the distance", "A man wearing a red neck tie looking off into the distance.", "Guy standing in the process of tying his red tie.", "a man wearing a white shirt with a red tie", "A man in a white shirt with a red tie is standing in front of a door way."]
["A man is standing with a group of elephants.", "A man with a stick is driving a herd of elephants toward a river.", "a large family of elephants gathered together in there enclosure", "A boy is tending to a small herd of elephants in an enclosure.", "Many elephants in a group are herded by a man with a stick."]
["This photo could double as a scrapbook page with these souvenirs of travel.", "A teddy bear and pictures of the bear in different places with different people.", "A teddy bear, some postcards, and some other knickknacks on a sofa.", "A teddy bear on a chair is sitting in front of a picture of it at the beach.", "A teddy bear sitting next to a picture of himself on a sandy beach and other travel memorabilia."]
["A man is sitting in a chair and holding an umbrella over his head.", "A man holds an umbrella over his head indoors during a gathering.", "A man sitting in a chair holding a black umbrella.", "A man with an open plaid umbrella inside the house.", "People sit inside a living room near a fireplace while one person holds an umbrella over his head"]
["A couple of men standing next to a bush on a rural road.", "A man helping another man fix his tie.", "Two men have stopped in a field while one of them in a white shirt fixes the other man's tie.", "A black and white photo of a man fixing another mans tie.", "One man helping another man adjust his tie in front of bushes."]
["a smiling groom holding his bride in his arms", "A man carrying his bride both dressed in white.", "A man holding his bride in his arms at a wedding", "a person standing holding a woman in his arms", "A newlywed couple smiles as the husband holds the wife in his arms."]
["A man in white jacket and red tie and a woman in a white headdress.", "A man in a white tuxedo and a woman in a veil smile.", "The bride and groom smile happily as they pose together.", "A man in a women who are dressed for a wedding.", "A couple dressed up and posing on their wedding day."]
["This is an old fashion picture of a young man in a suit.", "A well dressed business man from the nineteen twenties.", "photograph of a man when he was much younger", "An old photo of a man posing for a picture wearing a suit and tie.", "An old black and white photo of a man in suits."]
["A black dog next to four different boats. ", "A beach full of boats sitting on top of it.", "A black dog sniffs in the sand by a line of boats pulled up on the shore.", "A row of boats on a beach with a dog near the boats. ", "four different boats sand and a black dog"]
["A boy taking a picture of himself in mirror.", "A man is frowning and taking a selfie at the same time.", "A man taking a picture of himself in a mirror.", "A boy talking a picture of himself while in front of the mirror. ", "A man taking a picture of himself with his phone in a mirror."]
["People loll inside and outside of a small blue boat docked to a pier. ", "Some people are sitting in a small boat next to a dock.", "A group of people riding on a small blue boat in the water.", "Some people and a small boat on the water.", "A group of people in a blue and white boat next to a dock."]
["Man wearing an orange and black neck tie with a blue tee shirt.", "A man wearing a blue shirt and an orange and black neck tie.", "a man in a blue shirt and a orange tie", "A man wearing a tie with a tshirt ", "Aman in a tshirt wearing an orange tie."]
["a man in glasses and a tie is smiling ", "A man standing in from of a mosaic wall hanging that matches his tie.", "A man wearing a black and orange tie.", "A man in a suit and tie is smiling.", "A man wearing glasses in front of a window."]
["A man is standing in a suit with his head cocked to the side.", "a man wearing a suit and a bright tie", "A man wearing a blue shirt and black jacket.", "A man in glasses and a suit poses for a photo.", "A man is wearing a dress suit with a brightly colored tie"]
["A man adjusting his tie while having a blurry hand.", "A man with glasses on tying a tie. ", "A man is standing and making swift arm movements with a tie in his hands.", "A man in glasses trying to tie a tie. ", "a man is standing in a blue shirt"]
["A cat sitting on a pan in an oven.", "A cat is sitting in an oven with the door open.", "A cat is comically hiding inside an open oven.", "A cat is found hiding wedged in between oven racks.", "A cat sitting inside an open oven with a funny look on its face."]
["Two men, one holding a book, looking off into the distance.", "Two men in dress clothes standing on grassy area next to trees.", "Two men looking into the distance while one holds a book.", "Two men in suits are standing with a book.", "two people standing wearing suits and holding a book"]
["A person walking with an umbrella next to a large tent filled with people", "A person walking with umbrella next to a striped canopy.", "A woman walking in the rain with an umbrella. ", "there is a woman walking holding a umbrella ", "A woman walking around a fair or carnival with a plaid umbrella."]
["An elephant reaches its trunk over a fence toward a kid. ", "A small child is saying hello to an elephant", "A girl standing in front of an elephant.", "A very big elephant wanting to make friends with a little boy.", "A little girl feeding an elephant out of the palm of her hand. "]
["An elephant in a pool of water near the bank", "The elephant is taking a bath in the mudhole.", "A picture of an elephant coming out of the water.", "An elephant standing in the middle or a river.", "An elephant submerged in a body of water up to its head. "]
["a few boats that are out on a river", "Houseboats are docked on the water's edge near a long bridge.", "The   colorful boats are in the  blue water ", "A picture of house boats and a long bridge over water on a cloudy day. ", "a dock is near a bridge over a river"]
["A man with an umbrella standing on the corner of an old village.", "A person waling towards a building on a rainy day.", "A woman stands with an umbrella next to a building.", "a person holding a black umbrella approaching a building on Chapel St.", "A pedestrian holding an umbrella walks down Chapel Street."]
["two people standing near one another on a city street", "A young man and woman are posing for the camera. ", "A man and a woman standing next to each other.", "The man and the lady is hugging each other.", "A man and woman hugging each other in the street."]
["A picture of a man with old style tie and glasses.", "a kid is wearing some glasses and a tie", "A photo of smiling young man, wearing glasses, dress shirt and tie", "Guy poses for school picture wearing glasses and a tie", "A teenager is wearing glasses and a tie."]
["A herd of elephants standing on the side of a river.", "A group of elephants standing together and drinking from a body of water.", "A herd of elephants drinking at a watering hole.", "the elephants are trying to get into the water", "a group of elephants walking in a field near water "]
["A festival procession with decorated live elephants and uniformed people.", "Elephants decorated in lights with men on street.", "A parade with floats that have many lights.", "Several people with elephants that have lights on them.", "A group of people that are standing near elephants."]
["A man washing a black elephant at a zoo.", "An Indian elephant yaws as its trunk is sprayed", "A man with a water hose washing out an elephants mouth.", "A man spraying water in front of an elephant's open mouth.", "A man is cleaning the wall next to an elephant."]
["A large elephant carrying a man down the street", "a man riding an elephant down a street", "A man rides an elephant down a crowded street.", "A man riding an elephant down a street.", "Large grey elephant carrying a man down a city street. "]
["An elephant with tusks standing in a rock strewn grassy area with two birds perched on top of it.", "An elephant is standing with two birds on top of his head", "Two white birds are on an elephant's back.", "an adult elephant walking next to several large rocks. ", "An elephant walks amongst the rocks and grass."]
["A man holding a tray of glasses with candy canes.", "A man in striped shirt and tie holding drink tray.", "This young fellow is so proud of his tray of drinks that he jammed candy canes into each and every one.", "an image of a guy holding drinks with peppermint sticks", "A man with a tray of festive candy cane drinks."]
["A cat is about to have its teeth brushed. ", "A kitten with her head cocked to one side as someone attempts to brush the kitten's teeth.", "A picture of a cat looking at something.", "A gray stripped cat holds its face toward a red toothbrush.", "a cat looking curious at a suspended toothbrush."]
["An elephant is standing in a fenced area.", "An elephant walking across a field near a fence.", "A big gray elephant in an enclosure at a zoo.", "An elephant walks along a fence in an enclosed area.", "there is a elephant that is walking along a fence"]
["a boat floating on a lake through a brick bridge", " an outdoor setting with a bridge and hillside view", "A river is calm as a picturesque brick bridge sits in the background.", "A river with a red brick bridge over it.", "Peaceful water scene with a stone bridge and purple flowers."]
["a dog is sitting inside of a black suitcase", "The bulldog is sitting inside the travel bag.", "A dog laying in a piece of black luggage.", "A dog sits in an open suitcase that is on a hardwood floor.", "A dog sitting inside an empty luggage bag on the floor"]
["A person with an umbrella on a boat. ", "a man on a speedboat with a red umbrella ", "A small jet boat is running on a lake.", "People enjoy a boat on the water with an umbrella to protect them from the sun.", "A boater in a small boat leaves wake in the water."]
["a couple of bags that are on a wooden floor", "Two black suit cases are sitting next to boxes.", "Two suitcases that are sitting near each other.", "Two pieces of luggage are in the closet", "Two pieces of luggage inside of a closet."]
["an elephant walking in a field near many trees", "A elephant swings his trunk in the air as he walks.", "An elephant lifting its head on the grassy savannah.", "A elephant walking with it's trunk held out. ", "a big elephant walks through some dry grass"]
["A laptop sitting on someones bed next to a suit case .", "A bedroom scene with a suitcase and laptop on a bed.", "A laptop on a bed in a room.", "A lap top set up on a blanket next to a suite case.", "The electronic contents of a bag are placed on a bed."]
["many people sitting on a field with two people sanding", "A group of people that are sitting in the grass.", "Many people picnicking in the sun at a park ", "The picnickers are waiting forfor the party to begin.", "A group of people relaxing in the grass on a sunny day."]
["A large group of people walking on a street.", "A bunch of people are walking up the street", "A crowd of people walking down a  sidewalk.", "A BUNCH OF PEOPLE ARE WALKING ON A BUSY SIDEWALK", "A bunch of people walking by  a street and a big building."]
["A group of two men standing inside of a bar.", "Several people in a restaurant sitting at table.", "Young man at a restaurant pub walking in front of a British flag wall painting.", "A couple of men hanging out in a bar", "A BOY IS WALKING IN A RESTRAUANT GOING SOMEWHERE"]
["A woman wearing a green jacket and carrying a coffee from Starbucks is walking with luggage.", "A woman is smiling while pulling some luggage.", "Woman walking through walk with suitcase and smiling for camera.", "A woman that is holding a cup and suitcase.", "A woman is walking down a sidewalk and is carrying a cup of Starbucks coffee and rolling a suitcase behind her. "]
["Many people walk together towards a large house with umbrellas.", "Several people standing under umbrellas outside of a building.", "A group of people on sidewalk with umbrellas and jackets.", "People standing in a garden in the rain.", "A group of people standing in the rain in a courtyard."]
["A couple of women in the street holding umbrellas.", "A couple of people with umbrellas on a street.", "A pair of women with umbrella's walking by a seven eleven.", "Two ladies walking by a 7 Eleven with umbrella's over their heads.", "Two women holding umbrellas are walking past a 7 Eleven store in a different  country. "]
["A group of people standing in a flooded street.", "A lady with a pink umbrella standing in the rain.", "A woman is standing in the rain under a pink umbrella. ", "A series of tourists gather in the rain in front of a house", "People gathered in a courtyard during a rain storm."]
["A woman is standing on cobblestone with an umbrella.", "A woman in blue jeans and a black coat stands under a blue umbrella.", "a person holding an open umbrella posing for a photo", "A woman stands in the sun holding an umbrella ", "A woman on the street holding an umbrella."]
["Three elephants in sandy area next to trees.", "Three large elephants and one small elephant stand in an enclosure with lots of bushes.", "Three large elephants are strolling beside a small younger one.", "four elephants in captivity with trees near by", "An elephant family standing in the stand at a zoo."]
["A dog that is laying down next to a teddy bear.", "A dog laying down holding a blue toy between his legs.", "A dog is laying in its doggie bed on the floor.", "a brown and white dog is lying on a blue dog bed", "dog sitting on dog chair with toy next to its paws"]
["A crowd of people walking on a sidewalk while holding umbrellas.", "a sidewalk filled with a large crowd of people, some of them holding onto umbrellas ", "People outside in front of buildings with umbrellas.", "Large group of people with umbrellas at outdoor event.", "Tourists with umbrellas visit a temple in Taiwan."]
["This is some pink luggage that is sitting together in a group.", "Multicolored vivid pink complete set of luggage with purple straps.", "Several bags of colorful luggage on top of a table.", "Colorful luggage sits together next to other pieces.", "A pile of luggage of pink and purple luggage "]
["Sculptures of a group of people with umbrellas.", "a statue of some men with a umbrella", "Statues of many people standing around holding umbrellas", "a statue is holding an umbrella over its head", "Several metal statues of people wearing coats and holding umbrellas are in close proximity to each other."]
["A man walks beside an elephant as people ride by on the street. ", "a guy walking an elephant on a city street with vehicles all around", "A man walking his elephant down a busy city street", "The man is walking with an elephant on a city street.", "An elephant walks with his trainer through a busy intersection in a busy city."]
["The four images show a black dog next to a pair of shoes.", "This montage shows several pictures of a dog", "a dog laying resting next to a pile of shoes", "A puppy is sniffing the inside of a shoe in a house.", "An adorable black and tan dog sniffs a pair of leather sandals."]
["Several people are at an airport with their luggage.", "A group of travelers, with luggage, turns around and smiles.", "Several people at an airport wheeling luggage and turning and smiling towards the camera", "Four people carrying luggage turning for a picture", "People with luggage are turned around and smiling."]
["A dog chewing on a box on the floor ", "Dog in sweater attempting to open box with adult seated nearby.", "A fat dog is sniffing a box of dog treats.", "dog wearing green vest plays with small box", "a dog in a green shirt near a persons feet"]
["A small parade of folks in traditional dress that are on parade.", "appears to be a settlers day parade, with some in costume", "A parade in historical clothing is walking down the street.", "People in uniform and in costume march through the street.", "Some sort of an old-timey parade where people are dressed in period costumes. "]
["A family of grey elephants walking through a lush green field.", "A heard of different size elephants together in a field.", "An adult elephant holding some grass with baby elephants nearby.", "A family of elephants browsing on the open savannah.", "a group of elephants walking through a grassy field."]
["A man and a woman walking down a street carrying dogs, a kid and luggage.", "there is a man and a woman with two dogs and a baby holding luggage ", "A woman walking two dogs while pulling a suitcase next to a man walking with a suitcase and a baby", "A child, man and woman walking with their luggage and two dogs. ", "A couple with dogs, luggage and a child"]
["a group of people take a rest near their luggage", "Several guys waiting in chairs that are surrounded by luggage.", "Several men in a room with a lot of bags and sleeping bags on the floor.", "A number of suitcases, back packs and bags with people ", "Young men are sitting around with their suit cases."]
["A man sticking his head out of a doorway into a rainy city street.", "A man peeks out a window during a light rain.", "People are walking in the rain holding umbrellas.", "People walking outside in the rain under umbrellas and a man peeking his head out of a doorway.", "There are people walking down the street with umbrellas."]
["A dog sleeps in a carrier  inside a mans coat.", "A man has a white dog stuffed inside his sweatshirt.", "Skater with skateboard in hand with puppy in sweatshirt.", "A person holding a skateboard with a dog tucked in their jacket.", "A person with a dog in his jacket holding a skateboard."]
["A man and woman are on a bicycle pulling luggage.", "Two young people are riding a bike together next to the parked vehicles. ", "a man and woman are riding a bicycle", "Two people on a bicycle dragging a suitcase on wheels behind them.", "A man riding a motorcycle with a woman on back of it."]
["A dog looking at a slice of pizza.", "a person holding a slice of pizza to a dog", "A dog with red eyes attempting to climb a couch to eat a pizza being dangled in front of the dog by a human hand. ", "A hand holding a slice of pizza up to a small dog's face with a chew bone near the dog.", "Puppy keeping an eye on a piece of pizza."]
["A dog and a large pizza by a table.", "A pizza sitting inside of a box on top of a table.", "a dog sniffs a box of pepperoni pizza ", "A dog is looking at a pizza on a table.", "A dog is very interested in a pizza that is on the table."]
["A collection of several items that are placed near each other. ", "The sectional area of the wall has luggage bags and boxes in it. ", "A box with a two suitcases, a box and a light in it. ", "A bunch of items sitting in a drawer", "Luggage all packed up in a room, as if for a move."]
["The man holding a backpack is next to a man wearing a business suit. ", "Two people stand in a busy airport area.", "A man in a suit and a man with a backpack talking", "A couple of men who are standing by a suitcase.", "A variety of men and women in an Asian airport"]
["Some people outside at night with a skate board.", "Two people seated on a bench are watching a skateboarder.", "Three people are at a skate park and one is on their skate board and the other two are resting and one is sitting on their skateboard.", "Skateboarders sitting on their skateboards while one is standing on his. ", "teenager sitting on his skateboard taking to his friend\n"]
["A dog sits on a chair in front of a flower pot.", "A white dog sitting on a couch looking down.", "A white dog is sitting in a chair", "A dog is sitting on a brown chair looking down.", "The backside of a dog sitting on a chair."]
["A black bear climbing out of a pond ", "A bear in a field next to a pond", "A bear is shown coming out of water onto grass.", "A black bear in the grass next to the water.", "A black bear walking around a swamp next to a lake."]
["A bear pokes about in the water while seagulls look on.", "a bear looking for food in a stream", "black bear looks through water for food and fish", "A bear looking for food in a stream.", "The bears are at the water, along with a seagull and another sea bird."]
["A boy throwing an orange frisbee in a park. ", "A young man holding his arms out as a frisbee approaches his.", "The young child is playing with a frisbee in the park.", "A photo of a boy catching a frisbee in the air.", "A child playing with a red frisbee in a park."]
["A man without a shirt tossing a frisbee into a brown trash can.", "Two boys are in a yard playing frisbee toss into a large trash can.", "A shirtless man prepares to catch a frisbee at a park.", "Two young men engaged in competition using a plastic disc.", "A shirtless young man is preparing to catch a Frisbee."]
["A man squatting in front of a garbage can while another watches.", "One young man looks on while another slightly squats and throws something in a trashcan.", "A guy watching another guy squat and hold his hands over a large trashcan.", "Young men playing with a garbage can and Frisbee on a lawn", "two males one is shirtless and a brown trash can"]
["a group of people sit on top of a grassy hill ", "A group of people are in a green field.", "Some people watch as a Frisbee is being tossed by a man.", "A group of people sitting on a grass field, while a man throws a frisbee.", "Two men throwing a frizbe in front of four men."]
["A black bear sits at the base of his tree house at the zoo", "A bear sits in front of a tire that hangs from chains.", "A bear leaning next to a tire in his outdoor cage with a playground.", "A small black bear that is sitting next to a tire swing.", "A bear sitting beneath a wooden treehouse and a tire swing."]
["A living room filled with furniture and a bookshelf.", "A floor is littered with papers, hangers and containers as a wooden shelf sits filled with books.", "A messy bedroom with craft projects and hangars on the floor, chair, desk and bed.", "This looks like the mess in a college student's dorm room.", "A junky room with stuff all over the floor. "]
["Three dogs of different colors laying on top of the sofa. ", "a couple of dogs that are laying on a couch", "Three dogs with blankets under them laying on a couch.", "Three dogs laying on a couch together ", "A brown, black and white dog laying on a sofa."]
["A statue of a bear in an enclosure.", "A black bear in a zoo standing next to the gate of the enclosure", "A black bear in a concrete area next to door and greenery.", "A bear in a zoo rubbing its rear on a wall", "a black bear scratching his behind on a cement wall"]
["Two brown bears play with each other on the rocks.", "The bears look like they are hugging each other.", "a couple of bears that are leaning on a rock", "A couple of bears playing in an enclosure.", "two bears fighting in a river next to a tree"]
["A group of young men standing on top of a lush green field.", "Boys playing frisbee in the park on a sunny day ", "three people in a field playing with a Frisbee.", "three men playing frisbee outdoors in a field", "Young boys are playing with a flying disc in a field of grass."]
["there is a mirror and several other things on this table", "A wall full of horse paraphernalia and bridles.", "A piece of metal sitting on top of a wooden table.", "A mirror and objects on a wooden wall.", "Some old metal objects are on a table with a rope."]
["An attentive dog sitting along the back of an overstuffed sofa, with another dog sniffing while standing behind a curtain.", "A dog is laying on top of a couch looking out the window.", "A dog lays on a couch and looks out the window. ", "Two dogs, one laying across a couch and one on a window ledge.", "A dog coming out from behind a curtain while another lays on top of a couch. "]
["A black bear walking next to a green truck.", "A long haired black bear approaching a green truck.", "A small black bear walking in the grass next to a vehicle.", "A small black bear standing on a grass covered field next to a  truck.", "A large black bear moving toward a vehicle."]
["Two guys are playing Frisbee in the park.", "Two young men playing a shirtless game of frisbee.", "Two men in a grassy field playing with a frisbee.", "Two men are playing with a frisbee together", "Two shirtless men playing frisbee in a field"]
["Two men standing on a lush green field playing a game of frisbee.", "Men standing in the grass with a frisbee.", "The boys in shorts are playing Frisbee outside.", "Two men outdoors, one of the holding a frisbee.", "One boy in a black t-shirt holds a Frisbee as another boy in a white t-shirt faces him and both are in front of a house."]
["Young men standing around together next to a building.", "a group of boys playing a sport on a green field.", "A group of boys are going over the strategy for a game of frisbee.", "A group of guys standing and waling about outside.", "A couple of kids are talking in a field."]
["a person on his back on the ground playing with a frisbee", "A man lands on his back while playing frisbee. ", "A man is lying in the grass and exercising.", "A guy lays on the grass with his feet in the air. ", "A man is on the grass with his legs in the air."]
["a few zebras that are walking on some grass", "there are three zebras standing in the wild together", "Two large and one small zebras standing together on grasslands. ", "a number of zebras in a field near bushes", "A herd of zebras standing in an open grass field"]
["A man with a tattoo on his back and a frisbee in his hand. ", "A man with a tattoo of a Celtic cross on his back.", "A man with a cross tattoo holds a Frisbee.", "The man with the cross tattoo is playing Frisbee.", "A man with a large tatoo on his back holding a yellow Frisbee."]
["a number of animals in a field of grass near one another", "A zebra that is standing in the grass.", "Several zebras and other animals grazing in a field.", "A zebra standing alert in a field of other animals grazing.", "Many zebras and other animals stand in a field. "]
["A zebra looking at the camera with other zebras behind it in the wild.", "a couple of zebras stand next to each other", "a portrait of a zebra in field with other zebra", "A number of zebras stand beside each other in the grass.", "some zebras standing close to each other "]
["A tall zebra standing in a lush green field.", "a zebra with his mouth open in a field.", "A zebra standing on the fields  looking up and howling.", "A zebra out in the wilderness, surrounded by trees. ", "A zebra with its mouth open and lip in the air."]
["A wet dog with very short legs licks his tongue out as the picture is taken.", "A wet dog in the tub getting  a bath", "A wet brown dog in a bath tub.", "Medium size black dog with floppy ears in picture alone.", "A dog standing in a tub of water is sticking his tongue out."]
["A man petting a brown dog while it's taking a bath.", "A hand touches a dog sitting in a tub of water", "A small brown dog with it's head resting in the hand of a human.", "A person holding the head of a small wet dog.", "Small dogs head being supported by handlers hand."]
["A furry dog with its head on a pillow on the couch", "A long haired brown dog sleeping on a couch with a pillow.", "a dog lying on a couch and sleeping", "Brown Irish Setter sleeping on couch with head on pillow.", "Long hair dog sleeping, head on pillow, on floor."]
["The fur on this dog is long enough to cover his eyes.", "A hairy dog is sitting in the seat of a car", "The face of a curly haired dog in the front seat of a car.", "A fluffy brown dog is riding in the front seat of a car.", "The dog has long hair that covers it's eyes."]
["A man sitting on grass covered ground holding a frisbee.", "A person with a Frisbee on a grass field.", "A man is playing frisbee next to a garbage can.", "Two guys are playing with a frisbee in a park.", "a man playing with a frisbee next to a trash can"]
["A herd of zebra standing next to each other while drinking water.", "Zebras gathering at the water hole for a drink.", "A herd of zebras drinking from a watering hole.", "a number of zebras drinking water with bushes in the background", "There is a large group of zebras drinking water. "]
["A vintage photo of a girl and her dog hugging on a bed.", "A girl poses for a picture while holding her dog.", "Young girl with dog on bed posing for photo.", "A young lady and her yellow lab in a loving embrace. ", "a girl and a dog are sitting on a bed hugging"]
["The dog is laying in the green grass with a red frisbee.", "A yellow Labrador dog taking a break from playing frisbee", "A dog sitting in the grass next to a frisbee", "A dog in the park playing flying disc.", "A panting dog lays on the grass next to a toy."]
["A woman trying to take a frisbee from her dog.", "A young woman plays a game of tug-o-war with her dog.", "A girl is playing tug of war with the dog.", "A woman and a dog playing in the yard.", "A lady wrestling a dog for a frisbee in the yard."]
["A woman is playing a frisbee with a dog.", "A woman is playing frisbee with her large dog.", "A girl holding a Frisbee with a dog coming at her ", "A woman kneeling down holding a frisbee in front of a white dog.", "A young lady is playing Frisbee with her dog. "]
["A man and two girls sitting on a couch with a dog.", "Dad sitting on a coach with his two daughters and a dog.", "Some kids are relaxing with their dad on a coach", "A group of people that are sitting on the couch.", "a man two girls and a brown and black dog "]
["A dog with his tongue hanging out in a field.", "a large dog with its tongue hanging out ", "A dog runs toward the camera with its mouth open.", "A dog wagging its tongue as it approaches the camera ", "A bulldog looks at the camera with its tongue hanging out."]
["The two zebras are fighting for their own territory.", "Two zebras are engaging with each other in their habitat.", "Two zebras on their hind legs fighting in the savannah.", "A couple of animals that are playing with each other.", "Two zebras in a field hugging each other."]
["Three Zebras standing with their heads beside one another. ", "Three zebras standing next to each other with heads together.", "three zebras standing next to each other looking into the camera", "Three zebra standing side by side on a grassy field.", "Three zebras standing with their faces close to each other."]
["A billboard of two Zebras on a snowy mountain and a parking lot.", "Large poster of two zebras on the side of a billboard. ", "A billboard with zebras is displayed over a parking lot of cars.", "A billboard showing zebras on a bridge and cars in a traffic jam below it", "A billboard featuring zebras sits in a parking lot. "]
["Several zebras in an open field with mountains in the background.", "zebras on a dry plain with mountains and clouds, the horizon is tilted", "A herd of zebras remain alert in a valley covered with parched grass.  ", "A herd of zebra standing on top of a dry grass field.", "A tilted angle of a group of zebras on a dry plain"]
["A herd of zebra and buffalo standing on a dry grass field.", "A group of zebras walking in a grassy field. ", "Large herd of wild animals in natural grassy plain.", "Zebras and other animals in the field on a sunny day.", "A large herd of animals on a grass field."]
["one zebra laying down in the dirt outside", "A zebra lies down in the dirt outside.", "A zebra is laying on its side on the dirt", "A zebra lays down on a dirt area that is sparsely vegetated.", "A zebra laying in the dirt looking away from the camera. "]
["A zebra standing next to a baby zebra as it feeds.", "a couple of zebras are standing in a field", "Traditional black zebra nursing a brown foal in a clearing.", "The two zebras are standing together on the patch of dirt", "Adult zebra feeding young in open field near trees."]
["A big zebra and a little zebra standing and looking.", "A picture of two zebras a mother and child it appears.", "A zebra and its foal are standing in a grassy area.", "Two zebras standing in a dry, brown field.", "A small and large zebra are in the dirt."]
["a herd of zebras stand on some green grass ", "Three zebras two adult and one youth, grazing in a field.", "Two adult zebras and a baby zebra stand together on emerald green grass.", "Two adult zebras are watching a young zebra.", "A group of zebras that are in the grass."]
["A zebra observing a dead deer on the ground.", "Couple of zebra gather around to what looks like a baby zebra on the ground", "Three zebras in a green field nudging some other animal.", "Several zebras near animal on ground in grassy field.", "A group of zebra on a grassy field."]
["Two zebras walk through a green field of grass.", "A couple of zebra standing next to each other.", "Two adult zebras walking side by side in the grass.  ", "two zebras walking side by side of each other", "Two zebras are traveling in a green field."]
["Adults and a child stand together near a mud pit.", "Three men and two children are standing on rocky ground.", "A group of people standing on cooled lava rock formations.", "A group of people standing on rocks with a frisbee.", "a coupe of people stand on a rocky hill top"]
["Two zebra standing next to each other on a dry grass field.", "A group of Zebras in an enclosed area.", "two zebras walking in an enclosed fenced area", "a pair of zebras in a fenced in area", "Many zebra amble about within an enclosure under a bright sun."]
[" a dog running towards a frisbee in the air ", "A dog running towards a frisbee on some grass and leaves.", "A tan dog running in the grass after a frisbee", "A person is in the distance while a brown dog is in midair and is running after a frisbee.", "A brown dog chasing a frisbee in a field"]
["a zebra grazing on grass in an open field", "A zebra leaned over eating some grass in a small pasture.", "This is a picture of a zebra in a wildlife park.", "A zebra grazing in a dirt patch next to trees.", "A zebra with its head in the grass eating."]
["\"Head shot\" of a zebra against a stark background.", "A side view of a zebra looking downward on a field.", "The face of one zebra following the back end of another.", "there are two zebras standing next to each other", "A zebra's face showing the graphic quality of its markings"]
["A herd of zebras grouped together on a dusty plain.", "The zebra are huddled close together in the dust.", "a group of zebras huddle together in the sand ", "A herd of zebra standing on a beach together.", "A group of zebras stand in the middle of the field."]
["The wildebeest herd walked through the zebra herd.", "A herd of animals stand in a dust cloud.", "A heard of animals in a field approaching the water.", "A group of wildebeest and zebras at a watering spot", "A vast, wildlife filled area with many different species together as a herd."]
["there is a small zebra walking along the beach", "a zebra running on a sand surface bordered by rocks ", "A baby zebra walking on a field of dead grass. ", "A zebra walking in an open field on a sunny day.", "A zebra with his head down s walking away on top of a grassy field."]
["Many emergency vehicles are parked on a road. ", "A cop car, truck, fire truck, and horse and carriage. ", "There is a truck, two horses, a police car, and a fire truck coming down the street.", "There is a lot of traffic outside because of the fire truck ", "Two horses pulling a carriage walk through a busy street."]
["A single zebra that is grazing in a field.", "A zebra walking looking down maybe eating grass .", "A zebra is  grazing in the  ground with scattered grass.", "A zebra standing on a lush green hillside next to rocks.", "A zebra eating grass near a bunch of rocks."]
["A stunt rider performs a trick on back of a horse.", "A man doing tricks while riding a horse.", "A man performs a trick on a running horse in an enclosure", "a male in a red vest is doing a trick on a horse", "A man is falling off of his horse. "]
["A herd of zebra standing on top of a dry grass field.", "A group of zebras that are standing in a field.", "A group of zebras is standing in a field with tall grass.", "A GROUP OF ZEBRAS CLOSELY GATHERING TOGETHER IN OPEN AREA.", "A group of zebras cluster together in a field of grass"]
["A brown and white horse running in field next to a fence.", "Large horse running down grassy area surrounded by fencing.", "A horse running in an open fenced off field.", "a horse running on a field of grass", "A horse galloping in a fenced in field."]
["A horse wearing a protective cover stands in a grassy field. ", "A very big pretty horse wearing a blanket.", "Horse stands in field with jacket on it looking to camera", "A beautiful horse trots through a field wearing a blanket", "a close up of a horse in a field near a fence"]
["A large horse in an enclosed field eating grass", "the mule is grazing on dry grass in a field", "A lone brown horse has grass in it's mouth.", "The large horse feeds on some delicious dried grass.", "a close up of a horse in a field with houses in the background"]
["A horse eating hay standing in a mowed field.", "a brown horse is out in a field eating hay", "A horse eating hay in the middle of a field. ", "a pretty brown horse eating on a pile of hay", "A brown horse eating hay from the ground."]
["A brown horse with blonde hair standing behind a fence.", "A horse that is leaning over a wooden fence.", "The horse with its head over the trough is photographed with a special lens.", "A horse hangs his head over the gate.", "a brown horse leaning its neck over a fence "]
["Two horses stand in the desert while small desert hills stand in the background.", "Two brown horses standing next to each other in a field.", "Two brown horses stand in a sand and grass covered plain.", "Two horses standing in the grass and sand area with large sand dunes behind them.", "Two horses standing in the grass and sand."]
["A horse poses for a picture while walking through the desert.", "A horse walks across a scarce grass patch in a desert.", "A horse walks through the grass near sand. ", "A sturdy, small brown horse looks back as he walks through the hot sands.", "A brown horse standing on a grass covered desert field."]
["A cowgirl rounding up a steer in a competition. ", "The woman is riding her horse in the rodeo.", "a person on a horse near some cows ", "A person riding a horse by a very big cow.", "A female horse rider cases two small cows."]
["A woman and a man standing between two brown horses.", "A COUPLE WEARING YELLOW DRESS STANDING NEAR TWO HORSES.", "An older couple stands between two horses. ", "A man and a woman standing with two horses", "A man and a woman stand in between two horses."]
["a woman wearing a cowboy hat face to face with a horse ", "Older person in hat and red, white, and blue jacket being nuzzled by a farm animal.", "A woman in jacket with her face next to a brown horse.", "A woman leaning away from a horse that came near her.", "A woman looks as if she is rejecting a kiss from a horse. "]
["A woman riding on the back of a white horse.", "A woman is riding the horse while the crowd watches.", "A bleacher full of people watch a woman ride a horse.", "a horse on hind legs with a person riding on it before a crowd", "The woman is riding the white horse while spectators watch."]
["A couple are taking a ride on the horse and bug-gee. ", "two people ride on buggy being pulled by a horse", "people on a horse drawn carriage on the road", "Woman in carriage taking man for tour of countryside.", "A woman and man are riding a horse-pulled carriage."]
["A couple of men riding on the backs of horses.", "two men in hats riding horses on a path", "TWO MEN RIDING HORSES, ONE OF THEM LOOKS AS IF HE MIGHT BE GOING TO RACE", "Two people with helmets on, riding on horseback down a dirt trail, one after the other.", "an image of two horses that walking on a trail"]
["A group of horse back riders on a wooded trail.", "Several people mounted on horses riding down a trail.", "A group of people with numbers, on horseback and riding down a trail in a wooded area.", "A group of people riding horses through a forest.", "A group of horseback riders walk down a trail."]
["a person in red is riding a horse", "A man riding on the back of a white horse through a forest.", "a man pouring water on a horse he's riding", "a guy wearing a contestant number riding a white horse", "A man riding a white horse in a heavily wooded area."]
["A group of horse drawn carriages line up with each other.", "Many people sit inside carriages with horses to pull them", "There are several horses pulling wagons with people in them  ", "A field with many carts pulled by horses.", "A group of horses and wagons with drivers."]
["A man is riding a brown horse along with a black horse.", "A man riding on the back of a brown horse next to a black horse.", "Two equestrians are riding horses down a path.", "a lady riding a horse holding the other black horse", "The horses seem eager to walk down the path."]
["A bronze horse and fountain decorate this old palace.", "A statue of a horse stands before a group of people looking around a building and fountain.", "A statue of a horse standing next to a  brick building.", "A horse statue stands in a large patio area with people all around.", "a statute of a horse in the middle of a square."]
["A white horse standing next to a woman in a field.", "There is a woman standing next to a horse.", "A woman standing in a field with her horse", "there is a woman that is standing beside of a white horse", "An older woman is petting her white horse."]
["A woman standing next to a white horse on a lush green field.", "A horse is grazing in a field next to a man", "a black and white photo of a person near a horse", "A little girl that is standing next to a white horse.", "This is a woman displaying her white horse."]
["A horse stands still attached to a passenger coach. ", "A white horse is saddled to a cart that contains a sitting bench that is covered with a curtained tarp.", "A horse is attached to a carriage that is decorated in pretty fabrics and colorful paint. ", "a horse drawn carriage on a city street", "A white horse hocked up to a covered cart."]
["A couple of people are preparing to water ski.", "A man standing next to two people near a body of water.", "a person on a wake board near the water ", "A few people getting ready to go wake boarding.", "Two people practice wake boarding at the water's edge."]
["A person standing in front of a train holding a pair of skis.", "A train is stopped in a snowy landscape as people with skis make a trail away from it and one man holding skis smiles for the camera.", "A skier stands in the snow outside of a train.", "A woman holds her skis as her friends go down the trail.", "a man holding onto his skis while standing next to a train"]
["An orange has been sliced in half and is being displayed.", "An orange sits sliced open by a knife.", "A photo of a cut orange slices in half", "An orange cut in half sitting sitting on a table next to a knife.", "An orange is cut neatly in half by a knife."]
["A plate and a bowl hold several types of fruit.", "A bowl with grapes, a pear and a orange, on top of a plate with an apple and a plum.", "A plate and a bowl that both have fruit on them.", "A bowl with grapes, an orange and a pear on another plate with fruit.", "a bowl filled with a pear, grapes and an orange "]
["A bowl of apples and bananas sits on a woven cloth.", "Two apples are in a bowl with three bananas.", "Three bananas and two apples are kept in a bowl.", "A bowl of bananas and apples on a table.", "A cloth table with a bowl of fruit that includes apples and bananas."]
["A close up of a bowl of fruit containing bananas and peaches on a decorative cloth.", "A bowl of assorted fruit on a dot covered surface.", "White bowl on orange table with two kinds of fruit.", "A bowl holds several bananas and some apples. ", "Three bananas and two apples in a bowl."]
["A base ball player wearing a catchers mitt.", "A baseball player crouching with a crowd behind him.", "A man wearing hat and a baseball glove.", "New York Mets baseball player playing the game waiting for the ball.", "A baseball player in a blue jersey standing ready with a catcher's mitt"]
["A table topped with multiple cup cakes. covered in frosting.", "Several cupcake with white and blue icing sitting on a plate.", "There are several cup cakes on a white platter.", "A group of cupcakes with blue and hwite icing sit on a plate.", "many cupcakes decorated with white and blue frosting"]
["Skiers going up and down a snowy mountain.", "Multiple men climbing and hiking through the snowy mountains", "Group of skiers climbing a snow cliff one man fallen.", "A group of skiers trekking up a hillside in a snow storm.", "Climbers make their way up a steep, snowy hill."]
["Three bananas that are sitting next to a laptop and cellphones.", "Three bananas are lined up next to the computer.", "Three ripe bananas in between a laptop and a cell phone. ", "Three bananas lined up in a row next to a laptop.", "A laptop computer, cell phones and bananas on the table"]
["A couple of people riding down a snow covered slope.", "A skier is descending a snowy hill as someone stands behind him.", "SNOW SKIERS COMING DOWN A SLOPE THAT IS NOT VERY STEEP", "a person riding skis on a snowy surface", "a male coming down a snow slope on a pair of skis"]
["A man standing on top of a baseball field wearing a catchers mitt.", "A man holding a glove in his hand on a field.", "A young man concentrates during a baseball game.", "Man on baseball field wearing glove waiting for play.", "A man stands ready to field the ball in a baseball game"]
["Two mean stand in a park, one of them wearing a baseball glove.", "A man with a hat and glove on walking. ", "A couple of guys standing on the infield of a baseball diamond.", "Two men are standing in a baseball field. ", "The men were outside playing a baseball game."]
["A young boy throwing a baseball during a baseball game.", "A child throwing a baseball with other children behind him in similar clothing. ", "A young baseball player throws the ball as others watch.", "A young boy pitches the baseball at a game.", "A young boy catches a baseball while other players watch."]
["A little boy in a baseball uniform wearing a mitt.", "a little league plater looking off to the distance", "A boy who is playing baseball with excitement.", "A young boy about to go onto the baseball field.", "A boy holding a pitchers mitt at a park."]
["A person riding skis across a snow covered hillside.", "a man in all black skiing on the snow", "A person in black jacket cross country skiing up a hill.", "A man is going up a snowy hill on skis.", "A bunch of people that are cross country skiing up a curved trail."]
["a plate with some food and chop sticks on it ", "A person is eating a Chinese dish with a fork.", "a close up of a plate of food with chop sticks", "plate of mixed vegetable with chopsticks and a fork", "A person cutting food with a fork with chopsticks balanced on the plate. "]
["A woman riding skis while holding her dogs leash.", "A lady skiing with her dog in the snow.", "A smiling woman on skis walking a dog in the snow.", "A woman being pulled along on her skis by her dog", "A woman is skiing and walking her dog."]
["A pile of oranges sitting on top of a shelf.", "A pile of large oranges are grouped together.", "Basket full of fresh and big size lemons are kept.", "A pile of oranges of different sizes in a tub.", "A bin full of different sized navel oranges."]
["A farmers market filled with fresh fruits and vegetables.", "People looking around a fruit and vegetable market.", "A market features a variety of fruits and vegetables. ", "Crates and boxes of different fruits and vegetables for sale.", "Different types of fruits out on display in the market."]
["A professional baseball player in the middle of throwing a pitch. ", "A man standing on a pitchers mound about to throw a baseball ", "A man pitching a baseball on a baseball field.", "A baseball player throwing a pitch onto the field", "A picture of a pitcher in a baseball game."]
["A hand ready to catch an orange flying towards it.", "A person trying to catch a ball in air. ", "A hand tossing an orange up into the air.", "A persons hand in motion as it throws a small orange ball against a wall.", "A hand open to catch a orange sailing through the air."]
["A pile of lots of different oranges with stickers on them.", "this is a pile of fresh fruit that is orange", "a group of oranges with stickers sitting piled together", "Tons of fresh oranges sit in a huge pile.", "a bunch of different oranges all in a bunch. "]
["Some sunscreen that is sitting on the table.", "A banana peel made to look like a clothing zipper.", "A banana peel with a zipper drawn on it and a marker.", "Zipper drawn on a banana peel with black marker", "An empty banana peeling with a zipper drawn on it sitting next to a blue marker "]
["half of an orange in a small bowl.", "An orange has been peeled and cut in half", "A citrus fruit that is sliced in half is sitting on the counter while the other top portion of the fruit is sitting behind it. ", "A peeled orange on a black plate next to a bun.", "Square photo of a bread roll and half an orange"]
["Two plates of chips and a sandwich are served on a tray.", "Two plates with chips, and one with a burger on it.", "Two plates with a burger and some chips.", "a plate with chis sits next to a plate with chips and a burger", "A plate of chips and a plate of chips and a burger with a saltshaker nearby."]
["An orange cut in half sitting next to a glass of oj.", "A PITCHER A GLASS ORANGE JUICE AND SOME ORANGES FALLING OFF TABLE", "Orange juice splashing in a glass next to oranges", "The orange juice was freshly squeeze from these oranges. ", "A pitcher of orange juice, two oranges, and a glass of orange juice in the process of spilling."]
["A large piece of fruit is growing on a tree.", "a close up of a fruit hanging in a tree ", "a rotten orange sits on a tree branch ", "A orange is hanging on a branch on the tree.", "A tree on a stone street has an orange on it."]
["Bunches of bananas are displayed in a shop.", "The small yellow bananas are still on the bushel.", "There are many bunches of bananas and bottled drinks on the stand.", "A store with bananas hanging out in the front of it .", "Clusters of small ripe bananas hanging in a store."]
["baseball players playing the game in front of a large crowd ", "A baseball player holding a bat standing next to home base.", "there is a baseball game on and many people watching ", "A baseball game in progress with a full crowd. ", "A batter prepares to swing at a pitch during a baseball game."]
["meat and veggies in a wavy purple bowl", "A picture of some food enable on a plate.", "A chicken entree is presented in an elaborate purple dish.", "A chicken and vegetable dinner is served in an elegant fluted bowl.", "A chicken meal on a shell shaped bowl."]
["a man on skies is coming down a snowy slope", "A man in ski gear skis down a slope. ", "A man skieing down a hill with no poles.", "A man riding skis down a snow covered ski slope.", "This is a picture of a man skiing in the snow."]
["A pizza with toppings sitting on a tray.", "a small pizza sits on top of a table ", "A pizza placed on a large white plate.", "A cheese and tomato pizza on a serving dish.", "a close up of an uncooked pizza on a stove "]
["A man reading a newspaper standing beside a wagon filled with bananas", "A man is reading a newspaper while waiting at a banana cart.", "A man is selling bananas from a cart.", "A man standing in front of a car filled with lots of bananas.", "A man with a cart of bananas reading a paper."]
["Player at home plate preparing to bat during game.", "Batter and catcher during a professional baseball game", "A hitter and catcher playing baseball on a baseball field.", "A baseball player holding a bat next to home plate.", "a baseball player steps in to the batters box "]
["A bunch of bananas hanging from a tree.", "A green plant growing off of a tree.", "A branch of a banana tree with several bunches of bananas attached.", "A bunch of bananas are still on the tree.", "A large bunch of unripe bananas hang from a tree."]
["A group of people riding on top of a snow covered slope.", "A snowy bank with a group of skiers.", "People on skis out on the slopes ", "A man coaching a woman skiing on a slope.", "Men and women cross country skiing in snow."]
["A display of different vegetables is seen in a store.", "There are fresh vegetables including broccoli, cabbage and peppers. ", "A pile of vegetables consisting of broccoli, peppers and cabbages", "A group of green vegetables at the grocery store", "A pile of broccoli sitting next to other vegetables."]
["A man riding skis down the side of a mountain.", "A person in blue jacket skiing down a mountain.", "A skier goes down the slope on his skis.", "A snow skier is having fun in the mountain snow. ", "Snow flies all about as the skier races down the slope."]
["A plate holds pasta and broccoli in a light sauce.", "Someone is holding a plateful of pasta and broccoli.", "A delicious plate of noodles being served to someone who ordered it. ", "a white plate with noodles and some greens", "there is a plate of some type of pasta"]
["A man on skis poses for a picture while on the snow", "A man is cross country skiing in an open space. ", "A man riding skis across a snow covered slope.", "a man enjoying cross country skiing in the snow ", "A man is on skis in the snow."]
["a shops table filled with apples oranges and other fruits", "An outdoor market is selling many apples and other fruits.", "Baskets of apples and citrus fruit for sale at an outdoor market.", "Many baskets of apples and other fruit being sold in a market.", "Many bushels of fruit with price tags sitting on tables."]
["A man riding a pair of skis down a snow covered slope.", "A person on skis at the top of the slope with many trees down below.", "A skier stops at the edge of the woods.", "A man ready to ski through a wooded forest with trees full of snow.", "A man with a helmet on, on skis at the top of a slope."]
["A few people are skate boarding in a skate park.", "A guy on a skateboard in a skate park.", "Skateboarders skateboard over ramps at a skate park underneath an underpass.", "A person on a skateboard in a skate park.", "An outdoor skate park with ramps underneath an overpass"]
["A person is doing a trick while riding a skateboard.", "a skateboarder in a white shirt is doing a trick", "Black and white photograph of man on skateboard.", "boy performing a skateboarding trick off a ramp. ", "An airborne skateboarder hoping his trick goes as planned. "]
["Four people on skis posing for the picture in snow ", "Four skiers pose in a snowy field with hills in the background.", "Four people standing in their skis in the snow.", "A group of people riding skis on top of a snow covered slope.", "Four people are standing in the snow with ski equipment.  "]
["A group of four people riding skis while holding ski poles.", "Four skiers traveling beside each other on flat snowy ground.", "a group of people standing in line wearing skis ", "Four skiers are moving through the snow together.", "People skiing on the slope of a mountain."]
["A person is standing on a very snowy hill wearing skis.", "A man is cross country skiing in the snow.", "A man is standing in the snow on skis.", "A man who is wearing some snow skis.", "A man riding skis on top of a snow covered slope."]
["A person holding ski poles standing on a snow covered slope.", "man standing with snow ski in his hands\n", "A man standing on top of a snowy mountain", "A man standing in skis on a hill.", "A skier posing for a picture on the snow."]
["A person riding a skateboard on top of a blue floor.", "A person skateboards down a path next to a wall", "A skateboard riding his board in the middle of a building floor.", "someone standing and riding on a skate board .", "A young person rides a skateboard inside on a green floor."]
["a close up of sliced apple with a blurry background", "Closeup of slices of a red apple on a cloth.", "An apple sliced up on a wooden surface.", "peeled apple sliced sitting next to an unsliced half of an apple.", "An apple with one half cut into four pieces and the other half lying on top."]
["a close up of a plate of macaroni shells ", "A plate of shells with cheese and bacon with a fork on the side.", "a fork and a blue plate with macaroni shells and some bacon", "A shell pasta and broccoli dish on a green plate.", "A green plate with noodles and several toppings."]
["A pot that has food inside of it.", "The white kettle has a variety of cooked vegetables in it.", "A pot sitting on a mat and filled with various vegetables.", "Whatever is in the cooking pot doesn't look recognizable.", "some food is in a pot on a table"]
["A table topped with a colorful table cloth with food on top of it.", "Some food is on a flowered tablecloth table.", "A table with ham, turkey and other various food entrees.", "A table set with various plates of food.", "A couple of plates with food on top of a floral table cloth."]
["A man riding a skateboard over some steps.", "A skateboarder is jumping over some stairs while others look on.", "Black and white photo of people reclining on various wooden surfaces", "A skater is doing stunts on a skate board. ", "A black and white image of a skateboarder performing tricks on graffiti-covered steps."]
["A man riding a skateboard on a basketball court.", "A guy seems to be experimenting with a skateboard. ", "Two men with their skateboards in the park. ", "A man riding a skateboard in a parking lot or basketball court.", "A man stands on a skateboard with an unoccupied skateboard next to him as a younger man looks on with two people on a bench in the background"]
["A man doing a jump on a skateboard", "A young man with neon shoe laces riding a skateboard", "The man jumps while on his skateboard at the park.", "Look at the dork in the white t-shirt fly through the air over his hovercraft skateboard!", "dude in mid air doing a stunt on his skateboard"]
["A kid tries to do a skateboard trick while sitting down.", "A person is kneeling on a skateboard with one knee. ", "A young man riding a skateboard down a street.", "A man in black jacket riding a skateboard on street.", "a man kneels on a skateboard on the street"]
["A person holding a bowl of rice, broccoli, carrots, peas and chicken.", "A hand holding a bowl of mixed rice and vegetables.", "A man holding a bowl filled with lots of food.", "A bowl has some brown rice and vegetables in it.", "A hand holds a small bowl of rice and vegetables."]
["two girls are riding a skateboard down the street.", "Two young girls are skateboarding down a road.", "Two girls on skateboards riding down a suburban street", "A couple of pretty young ladies riding skateboards.", "Two girls skateboarding toward a car on a city street."]
["A sandwich with meat next to a pickle and a cup of potatoes. ", "A messy sandwich stuffed with meat is sitting in a basket.", "A basket topped with sandwiches and a pickle.", "A sandwich and pickle in a basket lined with paper.", "An uneaten sandwich, a pickle, a salad, and a drink on a table."]
["A man riding a skateboard across a street.", "an image of a man on a skate board crossing the street", "A man riding a skateboard across a crosswalk.", "a man skating across a crosswalk with his skateboard", "A man riding a skateboard in a parking lot."]
["male skier sliding down a cold snowy hill surrounded by evergreen trees", "A person skiing down the side of a snow covered slope.", "A woman is skiing down a high mountain.", "A person skis down a snowy hill dotted with trees. ", "A skier going down the side on a mountain.  "]
["The young couple is enjoying their skiing trip.", "Two skiers standing in the snow posing for a picture. ", "Two guys on skies standing in the snow.", "A man standing next to a pretty woman wearing ski equipment standing on snow.", "A man and woman standing next to each other on skis"]
["A group of people standing on top of  a snow covered slope.", "Three people on a ski slope posing for a photo.", "Three skiers pose on the mountain with their gear. ", "Some people with skis posing on a snowy hill.", "Three people posing for a picture on a ski mountain."]
["The skier is in position to make a jump.", "Woman bent slightly on skis wearing goggles and snowsuit.", "A man riding skis across snow covered ground.", "A person hunched over on a pair of skis.", "A person crouches low to ski over snowy ground. "]
["A table topped with vegetables and a pitcher.", "a carrot some celery and other vegetables on a blue counter", "A pile of vegetables sitting in front of a juicer machine.", "Several types of vegetables on a table top surface.", "A bunch of veggies are sitting and ready to be chopped."]
["There is a plate of mushroom pizza on a table.", "A pizza topped with vegetables with a fork resting on it.", "A table with a pizza containing mushrooms and other toppings", "A pizza sitting on top of a white plate covered in toppings.", "A pizza is topped with mushrooms, artichokes, and other vegetables."]
["a steaming pot cooking many types of vegetables.", "Vegetable soup boils in pit while being mixed.", "A pot of vegetables is cooking on a stove.", "A broccoli stew being cooked in a large black pot. ", "A plan of cooking vegetables and a knife with broth."]
["A piece of chocolate swirled cake on a plate.", "a cake roll with a fork on a plate", "A piece of cake sitting on top of a white plate.", "A slice of chocolate cream filled chocolate Swiss roll is on a plate with a fork. ", "A chocolate cake with a fork is ready to be eaten"]
["As two skiers make their way downhill a pair of skis are left vacant in the back.", "Two people riding down the side of a snow covered slope.", "two people wearing skis standing on a hill ", "two people on skies stand on the side of a snowy mountain ", "Two people are skiing down a snowy slope."]
["A person wearing all black does a one handed hand stand as he holds a skateboard on his feet.", "A skateboarder is upside down balanced on one arm performing a stunt.", "a skateboarder in a black shirt is doing a trick ", "A man riding up the side of a skateboard ramp.", "A man on a skateboard is doing a trick"]
["some skate boarders using an empty swimming pool", "A group of men are skateboarding in an empty pool.", "Man riding a skateboard at the top of a ramp while others watch.", "A boy on a skateboard doing a stunt ", "A group of young men sitting and riding on top of a large skateboard ramp."]
["A woman riding water skis on top of a lake.", "a woman wearing a life jacket as she goes  waterskiing ", "a woman surfing on very strong waves in the ocean", "A woman water skiing with a life jacket near boats.", "a person that is being pulled that is on skiies"]
["A black and white picture of a young boy on a skateboard. ", "a kid is skateboarding down the wet sidewalk", "A boys skateboards down a pathway in a park. ", "A person riding on top of a skateboard on a wet street.", "A boy skateboarding down a wet paved road."]
["a close up of two plates on food on a table", "There is a table with bowls of food and a spatula on it.", "a wooden bowl of salad on a table with a fork.", "An onion slice sitting on a fork over a bowl of vegetables.", "Two bowls of salads on top of a dinner table"]
["A woman riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "a woman on skis standing around a bunch of other skiis ", "Skier getting her photo taken on a flat surface. ", "A young person wearing a red coat and snow skis standing on a snow covered hill.", "A woman posing in skis on a ski slope"]
["Two people watch as the man jumps on the skateboard. ", "A man that is jumping in the air with a skateboard.", "A person jumping in the air with a skateboard.", "A man performing a trick on his skateboard.", "a black and white photo with some skateboarders"]
["Three hot dogs with ketchup and mustard on a plate", "A white plate topped with three hot dogs.", "These three hot dogs on buns with ketchup and mustard are ready to eat.", "A view of three hotdogs up close. They are covered in ketchup and mustard.", "Three hotdogs with ketchup and mustard on the bread"]
["a man on a skating board with his hands up", "A young man riding a skateboard on top of a road.", "A young man doing a skateboard trick on a pipe.", "A skateboarder on a half pipe doing a trick.", "a man on a skat board doing a trick"]
["People are watching a man on a skateboard.", "A crowd of people in a graffiti covered area ", "A group of people hanging around a skate park.", "Several skateboard ramps are set up in a courtyard.", "There are a lot of people on the skate board ramps"]
["a person is holding a hotdog with toppings", "a person holing a hot dog with onions on it", "A hot dog with ketchup, cheese and onions on a bun.", "A hot dog sitting on top of a bun covered in toppings.", "A hand holds a hot dog with onions, mustard and relish."]
["A man standing on a skateboard riding it down a sidewalk.", "A man wearing a helmet rides a skateboard", "A man on a skate board wearing a helmet and no shirt.", "An old man riding a skateboard down a street.", "A man in a helmet is riding a surfboard on the road."]
["A man riding a skateboard while a woman videotapes it.", "A man riding a skateboard touching the street.", "A man on a skateboard with a woman filming", "A man wearing a helmet performs a skateboard trick for a woman with a camera.", "A man riding a skateboard through a forest."]
["A half eaten hot dog is next to a whole hot dog on a piece of paper.", "A hot dog on a bun with mustard and catsup", "A picture of two hotdogs on a plate with ketchup and mustard.", "Two hot dogs with commidents on a paper plate.", "Two hotdogs with mustard and ketchup on a paper plate."]
["Hot dog with bun and sauces, along with fries and sauce.", "THERE ARE HOT DOGS ON THE TABLE ", "chili cheese fries and hotdogs covered in onions, chili, mustard, and ketchup", "two hot dogs with ketchup, onions, and chli on a plate", "The hotdogs and the fries are covered in chilli."]
["A person riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.", "a female snowboarder in blue pants and snow", "A young person riding a snowboard down a slope.", "Young snowboarder spending time on slope in ski area.", "a person skiing on a ski board on a snow covered slope"]
["A couple of people putting away ski equipment next to parked cars.", "A pair of skiers unload their gear next to their vehicles", "Two people prepare their snowboards for the hills.", "Skiers unpacking their equipment in the parking lot of slopes.", "People standing on the snow with snowboards and skis"]
["Hot dog on a bun with french fries on a plate.", "A large hotdog, fries and veggies on a white plate.", "A very long sausage in a bun and French fries on a plate.", "A long hot dog and fries sit on a white plate. ", "A foot long hot dog is served on a crusted bun"]
["A women is cutting into what it appears to be snails.", "a person sitting at a table with a plate of food ", "a women that is eating some food out of a plate", "A smiling woman eats a plate of snails at a restaurant.", "A woman sitting at a table cutting a piece of food."]
["A woman sitting at a table with a plate of food.", "a lady that is eating some kind of doughnut", "A girl that is eating a large honey bun with a fork.", "a woman enjoys a plate of food with some coffee ", "A woman that is sitting in front of a plate with a fork."]
["A person standing on a path in the snow.", "A snowy path where a man is walking down with a snow blower.", "a person using a snow blower on a snowy surface", "a person clearing a walk way during an ice storm", "A man walking down a snow covered walkway."]
["A crowded ski slope filled with people riding snowboards and skis.", "A wide ski slope with two lifts and a large crowd.", "the mountain is covered by snow and a lot of skiers. ", "two chairlifts and lots of people snow skiing down a hill", "Many people ride ski lifts and ski down a hill in the snow."]
["A man in glasses eating a donut out of a cup.", "A man eating a doughnut on a milk shake.", "a close up of a person holding a cup and a doughnut", "He is holding a large ice cream dessert.", "a man holding an ice cream cone on sidewalk in front of a store front."]
["A man holding a doughnut up to the side of his head.", "a man that is holding up a doughnut with his hand", "A man taking a photo with a doughnut.", "A man in a car holding up a doughnut.", "The man is holding a donut in his hand. "]
["A man show a huge doughnut covered with melted chocolate and sprinkles.", "A man holding open a box with a giant donut in it.", "A smiling man holding a box with a hugs pastry in it.", "A a guy holding a giant donut.  ", "a man holding a box with giant sprinkled donut"]
["A guy on a snow board in a snowy hill.", "A man leaning forward as the snowboard moves downhill.", "A man snow boarding on a snowy slope.", "The snowboarder is crouched down over his board.", "A man is snowboarding down a hill. "]
["A plate of spring garlic and goat cheese pizza.", "A plate features \"spring garlic and goat cheese pizza\".", "A white plate containing a flatbread with vegetable toppings.", "A flat bread topped with arugula is being placed on a restaurant table.", "A person's hands holding a plate of pizza topped with spinach."]
["A pan with three pieces of pepperoni pizza.", "A pepperoni pizza with a pizza cutter next to it.", "Three slices of pepperoni pizza on a pan as well as the pizza slicer.", "Three sliced pieces of peperoni pizza with pizza slicer.", "Half pepperoni cheese pizza on the pan with a slicer. "]
["A woman holding a tray with a pizza on it.", "A pretty girl stands in a kitchen holding a tray of food.", "woman standing in kitchen displays plate of food", "A woman holding up a homemade pizza ready to go in the oven.", "A woman holding a tray of food in a kitchen."]
["There is a table set with a sandwich and the remainder of a drink.", "A plate of breakfast food and a drink.", "A picture of a piece of food and drink on a table.", "A English muffin lays on a plate next to a drink.", "a sandwich on a plate near a half empty drink"]
["A partially eaten vanilla frosted doughnut with sprinkles", "A person holds a donut with two bites taken out of it. ", "A partially eaten iced doughnut with multi-colored sprinkles", "A frosted doughnut with a couple of bites taken out of it.", "A half-eaten donut with sprinkles and being held by a hand."]
["a basket of food on a table with fries", "Here is an appetizing meal served up in two courses and fork-ready for the diner.", "A BASKET OF FOOD SITTING ON A WOOD TABLE", "Take-out food in a basket on a wooden table.", "A meat dish prepared with a side of more meat."]
["A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "The man is surfing on his surfboard in the ocean.", "A man in blue shirt surfing on a white surfboard.", "A man on a surfboard riding a wave in the ocean.", "A person riding a surfboard on an ocean wave."]
["A surfer coming out of the water with his surfboard.", "a surfer wearing brown trunks is holding a white surfboard", "A man is coming off the water with his surf board in hand", "A young surfer stands posing on the shore line. ", "A man wearing brown pants holds a white surfboard."]
["Three young men holding surfboards walking on a beach.", "Three boys walking along the beach with surf boards.", "Three boys walking along the beach carrying surfboards.", "Three boys carry their surfboards and run along the shore.", "Three people walking down a beach with surfboards."]
["Four men with surf boards standing in the front of the beach side.", "Four men standing on a beach holding surfboards.", "A group of guys standing on the beach with several of them holding their surfboards.", "A group of men standing next to each other on a beach.", "The boys were out surfing today having a good time."]
["A man on a skateboard is holding on to string.", "a man is in a field on a board", "A man on a four wheeled skateboard ", "A man is flying into the open air.", "A kite skateboarder lifts his board off the ground in a puff of wind."]
["A box filled with donuts with frosting check marks.", "A bunch of doughnuts sitting in a basket.", "A box that has doughnuts inside of it.", "two donuts shaped like squares with checkmarks on them", "The donuts all have decorative frosting on the top."]
["A white plate topped with mint angel food cake.", "A piece of sliced bread with a butter spread on it.", "A homemade loaf of bread is baked and ready for peanut butter spread.", "Green slices of bread with peanut butter on them. ", "The makings on a peanut butter sandwich on green bread"]
["three people walk along the sand, two with surfboards", "A lady is walking away on the beach in front of two guys with their surfing boards. ", "A woman is walking near two men carrying surfboards.", "A woman walking along the beach barefoot without shoes.", "two people holding surf boards on a beach"]
["A plate of a roast beef soda and cola in a glass cup.", "There is a sandwich on a plate next to a glass of dark liquid.", "A sandwich on top of a plate next to a glass of drink.", "A BBQ sandwish is paired with a soda on a faux-wood table.", "A meat sandwich and a beverage is sitting on a table. "]
["A bunch of soccer players in uniform playing soccer.", "A group of men playing soccer against each other on a field.", "Several uniformed players with a soccer ball in the grass.", "A group of people are playing soccer on the field.", "People are standing together in a field with a soccer ball."]
["A plate holding a slice of bread with mayonnaise and chicken tenders and another piece of bread with nothing.", "a close up of a plate of food with a sandwich", "Two chicken tenders lie on bread to make a sandwich.", "A sandwich is prepared with two pieces of fish.", "A white plate with fish sticks on bread"]
["A rainbow cake with white frosting and a slice cut out.", "A slice of cake that's colored like the rainbow is missing a piece.", "A rainbow colored cake has one slice slid out of it.", "A rainbow birthday cake sitting on a decorative table cloth. ", "a nice cake with many colors put on it"]
["A man riding a paddle board in the middle of a lake.", "a man standing on a surfboard in the middle of a large body of water", "Long shot of person surfing with a stick in ocean.", "The man wades through the calm waters on a surfboard.", "A person stands on a board in a body of water and holds a stick."]
["A man carrying a surfboard on top of a wave covered beach.", "a man with a surfboard is on the beach", "a guy standing in the water holding his surf board", "A man is standing in his wet suit at the beach.", "A man holds a surfboard while looking at the ocean."]
["A couple of slices of a cinnamon roll on a white plate.", "The cake is sliced on the plate, only a little left.", "A cake is on a plate with ice cream and caramel syrup.", "A close-up of a cut pastry with ice cream on.", "A cinnamon roll sits on a white plate with a little drizzle of syrup."]
["A tabletop is full of homemeade desserts and they look appetizing.", "A pretty display of desserts in a bakery.", "A dessert display for items available at a Starbucks.", "A display of several different pastries topped with icing and/or fruit. ", "A counter top filled with lots of different sweet treats."]
["A round cake decorated for Christmas with penguins and fir trees. ", "A double layer cake decorated for Christmas with white frosting and penguins.", "A white cake with decorations of penguins and a Merry Christmas message.", "A Merry Christmas cake with white icing and holiday decorations on a white tablecloth.", "A Christmas cake with penguins and trees on top."]
["A counter top with candles and an array of deserts.", "Tea light candles are lit on the kitchen counter.", "there are many different foods on top of this table ", "A table with several tealight candles lit sitting on it.", "a table that has different kinds of food"]
["The man is holding a plate with a sandwich and french fries.", "A man sitting in front of a white plate of fries and a cut in  half sandwich.", "A man with a entree of sandwich and french fries. ", "A man that is sitting at a table with different foods.", "A man smiling and sitting in front of a plate of with a halved sandwich, fries and ketchup, on a table with salt and pepper shakers, and glass of dark beer."]
["A man that is standing on a surfboard.", "a man in a west riding on a board", "A man on a surf board with a lifejacket on.", "An older man riding a surf board and wearing a life vest.", "An older man standing on a surf board in the water."]
["There is one piece of cake on the plate.", "a slice of cake with a strawberry and a chocolate sign that says paris", "A piece of cake with a strawberry and Paris Baguette sign on it", "A large slice of layer cake sitting on a table. ", "Slice of chocolate cake from a bakery with candle and fork"]
["A beautiful beach scene with a young man approaching with his surf board", "A man who is carrying a surfboard over his head.", "A man is carrying his surfboard to the shore.", "A man carrying a surfboard down a path towards the ocean.", "A man carrying his surfboard on the beach to the water."]
["A man and woman cutting a cake near a window.", "A just married couple cut into their cake.", "The couple is sharing the job of cutting the cake. ", "A woman and man with glasses cut into a white cake.", "A bride and groom cut a piece of white wedding cake."]
["A man watersurfing on a white board in choppy water", "A man wearing a life jacket water skis.", "Man holds tightly to tethered line while riding a board rather than skis.", "An individual in black life jacket wave boarding. ", "A man in the water on a surfboard holding on to a parasail rope."]
["there is a man walking on the beach holding two surf boards", "A man holding two surfboards standing on a beach.", "A person with a couple surfboards on the beach.", "Man holding two white surfboards underneath his arms. ", "A man holding two surfboards walking on a beach."]
["A woman on a surfboard riding a wave.", "A young woman at the ocean waters surfing", "A woman in a red tankini rides a wave on her surfboard.", "Woman on surfboard in red swim suit riding breaking ocean wave.", "A women who is on a surfboard riding a wave."]
["A man surfs a wave in the water. ", "A man that is on a surfboard standing in the water.", "a young man surfing on a board inside the water", "Surfer riding small breaking wave in open water.", "Surfer catching a wave breaking into white water."]
["a woman in a tankini riding a surfboard", "Woman on a surfboard riding a wave in the ocean.", "A woman is surfing on top of an ocean. ", "The woman wearing pink is surfboarding through a wave.", "A girl surfing in the middle of the ocean."]
["Each of the three cakes have icing flowers on them.", "A table with a few nicely decorated cakes on it.", "Three white frosted cakes with flower designs and purple and pink candy hears sit on a table. ", "A table with cakes on it is shown with a cutter.", "a close up of some cakes on a table "]
["Brown dog sleeping on a bed in a bedroom.", "A brown dog laying on a red bed next to open closet.", "A large brown dog is lying on a bed with a pillow.", "A dog taking a nap on a pillow.", "A dog that is laying on a bed."]
["A baby laying on a bed looking at a stuffed elephant.", "A baby laying on a bed next to a blue stuffed elephant.", "A baby laying on its tummy on a bed is looking at a blue elephant.", "A baby laying on a bed looking at an elephant toy.", "A newborn baby lays on a bed next to stuffed animals."]
["A man on a surfboard riding a wave.", "a male surfer in red trunks and a white board", "A man on surfboard riding in the middle of a wave.", "A man surfing in a bright blue ocean.", "A man on a surfboard in the midst of an ocean wave."]
["A bed in a small and empty white room", "A cot is sitting next to a window.", "a white room with a blue bed with a wooden frame ", "The bed and mattress in a dorm room", "A bedroom with a wooden bed topped with a blue mattress."]
["A pillow laying by a window in front of a green wall.", "Green and pink flowered pillow case in a bright green room.", "BRIGHT GREEN WALLS WITH PILLOW TO MATCH AND WHITE SHUTTERS", "There is a pillow leaning against a green painted wall", "A bedroom has green walls and white windows"]
["A woman posing for a picture with a surfboard.", "A woman on a beach holding a surf board.", "A woman standing on the  beach holding a surfboard.", "a person standing on the beach and holding a surfboard", "a woman smiling with her surf board on the beach. "]
["A stack of books and binders in front of a bed.", "A messy bedroom with items covering the floor.", "A messy room with books all over the floor.", "A pile of stuff on the floor next to a bed", "A black and white photograph of a messy living area."]
["A doll on a bed with the book Goody Two Shoes.", "A picture of a dog on the bed.", "An old doll laying on a bed holding a book.", "A toy doll sits on a bed quilt with a white pillow.", "An antique baby doll is resting on a quilted bed."]
["A large bed covered in a comforter in a bedroom.", "A bedroom with gray walls and four pictures on the left wall. ", "A bed that appears to have been slept on and undone.", "A bedroom with a fluffy comforter and lights above the headboard", "A bed has a headboard with a pattern on it."]
["A man holding a surfboard while standing on top of a beach.", "Man holding a surfboard on a sandy beach in front of blue water", "A surfer with a blue surfboard on a big beach.", "A man in the sand holding a surfboard.", "The man carries a surfboard with white and yellow stripes."]
["A pretty young girl standing next to a boy in front of a birthday cake.", "Two young kids smile brightly over a birthday cake.", "A boy looks excitedly at his birthday cake with his friend.", "Two kids next to a red, yellow, orange, and white birthday cake.", "Two children looking over a  large birthday cake"]
["A group of young women kicking around a soccer ball.", "Young girls playing soccer and attacking the ball", "Three girls are playing soccer and running for the ball.", "Two girls are playing soccer on the soccer field.", "soccer players are running after the ball together"]
["A bedroom with a bed, lamps and a balcony. ", "A quilt covers a bed in a tropical themed bedroom.", "a checkered bedroom with a sliding glass door leading to a deck", "A bed in a hotel room with checkered purple sheets.", "a bed room with a neatly made bed and large see thru doors"]
["A variety of desserts arranged in a row.", "Trays that have plates of dessert and a sandwiches on them.", "a trey with a bunch of plates of cake on it ", "A black tray is holding two white plates on it.", "A variety of desserts are shown on white plates."]
["A young woman cutting into a cake and serving it.", "three people cutting pieces of a white cake with red berries", "A girl holding knife slicing into a cake. ", "Three people cutting up a strawberry covered cake on a table.", "A trio cut and share a white cake."]
["A bedroom with a white bed on a frame next to a window.", "A bed is neatly made in a clean bedroom.", "A bed with lamps, chair, desk and a television.", "A bedroom with a tv and a work desk in it.", "A hotel room with primarily wood furnishings and a TV"]
["A young surfer in green shorts riding a wave.", "A man riding a wave on a surfboard.", "A surfer gets splashed in a face by a wave on the ocean.", "A man is splashed in the face while surfing in the ocean.", "A man on a surfboard catches air over a wave."]
["A large bed with a brown giraffe print headboard.", "A king sized bed with white sheets and pillows", "A BED WITH WHITE LINENS AND WHITE PILLOWS ", "a big bed with a striped blacket and a floral headboard ", "a close up of a neatly made bed with two night stands"]
["A man cutting a piece of cake on top of  a table.", "The children watch the man and woman cut the cake. ", "A bride and groom cutting a three tiered cake together.", "the man and woman are bending over about to cut the cake", "A man and woman slicing a cake while children watch."]
["Side by side beds displayed in brightly lit room.", "The bedroom with two beds has a huge glass window.", "A bedroom with a window facing the street.", "Room with beds and wall with lighting and window", "Three beds all sitting in a row up against a brick wall."]
["A clean room with a made up bed.", "A bedroom with plain bedding and yellow walls.", "A bed that is made up with various color pillows.", "A made up bed with yellow, red and green pillows and decorations.", "This is a beautifully color coordinated bedroom that almost looks like a hotel."]
["A man in a purple shirt holding a soccer ball next to other soccer players.", "A group of young men play a game of ball.", "Several men wearing blue and pink playing ball.", "A goalie holds the soccer ball from the team.", "A man holding a soccer ball in a field"]
["a close up of a bed with pillows and sheets", "a bed with some pillows and a pulled bed cover ", "A bed with the sheet turned down and pillow exposed.", "A single bed with a white comforter turned down.", "A bed with pillows where the blanket is slightly pulled back."]
["A bed sitting up against a wall next to a window.", "An unfurnished room contains a sleeping bag on the carpet.", "A comforter is on the ground in a bedroom.", "A makeshift bed sits on the corner of an empty room.", "A bedroom features a simple bed on the floor."]
["A white plate holding a cheese pizza on a table.", "A large cheese pizza sitting on a grey table.", "The pizza is cooked and ready to be eaten", "A chees pizza sitting on it's baking sheet", "A sliced cooked pizza on a plate on a table."]
["A bedroom with a bed, rug, lamp and pillows. ", "A bedroom with a full bed with an orange pillow.", "a small bed with blue comforter and sheets", "The  simplebedroom features a basic gray motive.", "The bed made up with a blue blanket has an orange pillow on it."]
["A man is standing near a canopy bed.", "a man in his bedroom getting ready and a bed well made", "A man standing next to a bed while holding his hands together.", "A man standing near a bed with a red and green canopy.", "a four poster bed covered with red and green curtains behind a man"]
["A dog laying on its back on a made bed.", "A nicely decorated bed with a dog laying on the bed.", "a black and white dog sleep on top of a fixed bed", "a dog is lying on his back on a well made bed", "Dog rolling around on a bed adorned with khaki and blue bedding"]
["A white bed with a couple of pillows on top of it.", "a purple blanket is laying on a bed", "A small bed with a pillow, blanket, and bed roll. ", "A hotel bedroom shows a simple and small bedding with great texture decor.", "A bed sits in a well lit room."]
["Several beds and a mirror in a room.", "A set of three beds sitting inside of a bedroom.", "A very fancy room with a row of nice beds.", "The bedroom in the hotel room is clean and ready for guest to use. ", "A bedroom area with three beds and a set of barstools. "]
["A little boy is laying on a white mattress on the wooden floor.", "A child is asleep on the side of a bed.", "The boy fell asleep in his pajamas at the bottom of his bed.  ", "A toddler asleep half on his bed and half off the bed", "A young child reclines on a mattress with linens and toys."]
["A bob laying down on a comforter of a bed.", "a little black dog sitting on  multi color comforter ", "A long haired dog curled up on a bed.", "a close up of a dog laying on a bed", "A large brown dog sitting on top of a bed."]
["A dog laying on it's back among pillows and blankets.", "A dog curled up sleeping on a bed with pillows", "A sleeping dog nestled between blanket and pillow.", "A dog sleeping on a couch in a funny position.", "A dog takes a nap on some very snugly blankets.  "]
["Two people with pizzas on a picnic table outdoors.", "People are holding small pizzas at an outdoor part.", "Man and woman wearing sunglasses, holding pizza at a picnic table.", "Man and woman setting out pizza on a picnic table.", "A couple of people that are eating some food on a table."]
["A picture of some pizza on a table.", "A hand tossed pizza is topped with bright healthy vegetables.", "A fresh looking slice of veggie pizza ready to eaten ", "A small personal pizza sits on a small white plate.", "a close up of a plate of pizza on a table "]
["Female tennis player about to hit the ball", "A woman with a racket on a court.", "A woman tennis player is wearing pink shorts.", "A woman is playing tennis holding a tennis racket on the court", "a close up of a tennis player swinging a tennis racket"]
["A lady on a tennis court swinging her racket.", "A female tennis player with her arm out.", "A beautiful woman in white and pink holding a tennis racquet.", "A woman is on a tennis court holding a tennis racket. ", "Woman, in pink and white, playing tennis on court."]
["A man on a tennis court holding a tennis racket hitting a tennis ball.", "A man standing on a tennis court hitting a ball with a racquet.", "a man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court", "A man hitting a tennis ball from his side of the court.", "Guy taps the ball, on his side of the tennis court, to send to the other side"]
["Five young people are posing at the tennis net. ", "a couple of people are standing on a tennis court", "A man and four boys posing on a tennis court.", "A group of young tennis players posing for a photo.", "a group of people on a tennis court"]
["A beautiful young woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A young girl taking a swing at a tennis ball", "A young girl smiles and holds a tennis racket on the court.", "A girl in a striped shirt and red skirt playing tennis.", "A girl in a skirt holding a blue and white racquet."]
["A young girl holding a tennis racket on the court.", "A young girl running and swinging a tennis racket.", "A girl holding a tennis racquet on a court.", "a young tennis player running on a court", "A girl running after a tennis ball on the court"]
["Young girl in purple sport short and white pants about to swing tennis racket.", "A girl swinging a tennis racket at a ball", "Young lady holding a tennis racket with two hands.", "A young girl in a blue shirt and a white skit playing tennis.", "A girl holds her tennis racket to get ready for the next hit."]
["A young lady holding a tennis racquet in her hands.", "A girl smiles while holding a tennis racket.", "A young woman running while holding a tennis racket.", "A girl who is smiling holding a tennis racket", "The smiling girl is holding a tennis racquet."]
["A young playing tennis preparing to return the ball. ", "a young tennis player getting ready to swing a racket", "A young girl holding a blue tennis racket", "A tennis player getting ready to hit a tennis ball.", "The young girl is playing tennis on the court outside. "]
["The inside of a restaurant that has tables and chairs along with a chalkboard with writing on it and shelves.", "A clock is above a table and chairs.", "a restaurant with a clock hanging from the ceiling", "A view of several tables in the dining room of a restaurant", "A restaurant dining room with tables, chairs, and place settings."]
["A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A man holding a tennis racquet and tennis ball.", "A man getting ready to serve in tennis.", "a male in an orange shirt is playing tennis", "A man is about to make a tennis serve."]
["A guy stands holding a tennis racket. ", "A close up of a man holding a tennis racket.", "A man is standing and smiling for a photo while holding a racket.", "man with tennis racket smiles looking away from camera", "A man smiles as he holds a tennis racket."]
["A man wearing a blue shirt and white shorts playing tennis.", "A man standing on a tennis court holding a tennis racquet.", "Male tennis player standing ready for the serve. ", "two men playing tennis outside during the day", "A man is playing Tennis and looks ready to strike."]
["A man holding up a tennis ball with a racquet in the other hand.", "a man serving a tennis ball on a tennis court", "A man is preparing to serve a tennis ball.", "a close up of a tennis player with a ball and acket", "A male tennis player in action on the court."]
["A women who is standing on a tennis court.", "A person standing on a court with a tennis racket.", "A tennis player holds her racquet on the court in front of spectators.", "A woman is standing on a tennis court and holding a racket.", "A woman stands on a green tennis court with the crowd watching."]
["A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "Spectators watch a tennis player slam the ball", "A tennis player in action on the court.", "a person that is on a court with a racket", "a man in white is swinging a tennis racket"]
["A woman standing in mid swing with a tennis racket", "a tennis player in all white swinging at the ball", "A woman swinging a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A woman swinging a tennis racket during a tennis match.", "A lady playing tennis in front of several spectators."]
["A woman in a blue outfit holding a tennis racquet.", "A woman is screaming on a tennis court,", "A woman playing tennis is yelling and people are clapping.", "A woman in tennis gear yells towards one direction.", "A very attractive female tennis player on the court."]
["A plate of chicken sticks with radishes and cucumbers.", "A close-up picture of some food on paper plates", "there is a paper plate that has meat and vegetables on it", "two plates of food on two plates on a table", "Two plates with food are shown on white plates."]
["There are glasses and pizzas on the table. ", "Two pizzas siting on top of a table next to each other.", "A table with two plates of pizza and two drinking glasses.", "a big plate of food that is on a table", "A plate on the table features a whole pizza."]
["A man and a woman sitting on a bench at a tennis court.", "The couple is sitting down on the bench before playing a game of tennis. ", "A man and a woman sit on a bench with tennis rackets.", "A man sitting next to a woman on top of a wooden bench.", "Two people sitting on a bench at the tennis court with tennis equipment. "]
["a guy in a red white and blue shirt holding a red white and blue tennis racket", "A man on a tennis court holding a tennis racket", "Tennis player and white shirt holding a red racket. ", "A tennis player in stance waiting for the ball.", "A man playing tennis, ready with racket in hand."]
["A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "an image of a man holding a tennis racket ", "a close up of a tennis player swinging a racket", "A male tennis player is seen swinging for the ball", "Young man in a backward swing anticipating a tennis ball."]
["This pizza is square and has pepperoni and mushrooms.", "A large square pizza sitting on top of a wooden table.", "A pepperoni pizza is divided into several square slices. ", "A large pepperoni pizza cut into many sections . ", "a large square pizza cut into smaller squares"]
["A pizza topped with sliced of veggies and sauce.", "a close up of a pizza on a plate on a table", "The plate is full of pizza with chicken and vegetables on it.", "A small pizza freshly made with a bunch of chicken strips on it.", "A pizza on a white plate on a wooden table"]
["A tennis player serving a ball on a court and a separate image of his sneakers and uniform.", "A photo profiling an outfit and a shoe and a man wearing both.", "An ad for Nike has the tennis uniform look like a super-hero suit. ", "A man swings a tennis racket with a crowd watching", "A tennis player wears a Nike outfit at a game."]
["A white pizza sliced in on a board along with two plates, utensils and pink napkins.", "A small personal sized pizza with carrots and peas. ", "Pizza is on a cutting board with table settings around it.", "A nontraditional pizza is topped with peas and carrots.", "A pizza with green peas and carrots on top on a table."]
["A slice of pizza sits on top of a plate.", "one piece of pepperoni pizza on a white plate", "The slice of pizza has large chunks of tomatoes on it.", "A slice of pizza on a white plate.", "A plate holding a single slice of pizza."]
["A sweaty man is swinging a tennis racket.", "A man playing tennis is about to return a shot.", "A man on a tennis court who has just hit the ball", "a tennis player with a tennis racket getting ready to swing", "A man who is holding a tennis racket."]
["a man is on a court with a tennis racket", "A man getting ready to hit a tennis ball on a court.", "A man stands ready to swing a backhand tennis stroke.", "A man with a tennis racket in his hand during a game.", "A man holding a tennis racquet waiting for the ball."]
["A man that is standing up with a racquet.", "a guy that is swinging a racket in the air", "A man holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.", "An African American tennis player preparing to serve a ball.", "A tennis player looking up and about to swing his racket."]
["Athlete ready for play during outdoor tennis match.", "a man that has a tennis racket in hand", "A man concentrating while playing tennis outside ", "A man crouched down waiting to hit a tennis ball.", "A man waits for a serve as he plays tennis"]
["there are two slices of different pizzas on a paper plate", "Two slices of different kinds of pizza are on a plate.", "There is a piece of pepperoni pizza and a piece of sausage pizza.", "A plate of two different types of pizza slices on a table", "Two different slices of pizza with tissue paper under it on a paper plate."]
["An adorable child brushing it's teeth with a toothbrush.", "A little girl with a toothbrush in her mouth.", "A little child looking at a camera brushing their teeth", "A young child in a sweater brushing her teeth", "There is a small baby chewing on a toothrbush"]
["Two tooth brushes sitting beside each other on a table.", "Two Sonic Care tooth brushes knocked over on a counter. ", "Two battery powered tooth brushes with blue and white bristles.", "There are two electric toothbrushes with white and blue bristles.", "Two electric toothbrushes lie next to each other."]
["some white crackers a controller a bottle on a couch", "A bag of crackers sitting next to a remote control.", "A pack of crackers next to a remote and bottle of water", "An open sleeve of crackers, a bottle of water and a remote control on a couch.", "Sleeve of saltines near a bottle of water and a tv remote. "]
["A couple of toothbrushes in a holder in a room.", "Two toothbrushes are in a holder with dental floss.", "A couple of toothbrushes in a stand with floss beside them.", "Two toothbrushes and some floss are sitting on a holder.", "Two tooth brushes are in a holder with dental floss"]
["A table with two TVs on top of it next to four remote controls.", "A television screen is on next to a computer screen.", "FOUR TELEVISION REMOTES KEPT SIDE BY SIDE IN FRONT OF TWO TELEVISIONS. ", "Two television screens turned on, there are four remote controls .", "Three remote controls sit in front of two television screens that are blue."]
["Individuals are up and doing something fun today. \n", "two people in a hallway looking at some wii motes ", "A man and woman holding controllers in their hands while talking", "A lady in a red shirt shows a man how to use a video game controller.", "The two people are amazed at the features of the video recorder."]
["An institutional looking room holds an exit sign, chairs, recording equipment and a man with one arm aloft that appears to be demonstrating something with a device in the held-up hand for the benefit of a woman behind him that is watching closely.  ", "A man in business attire holds a Wii remote control aloft while playing a bowling game.", "A man is holding a Wii controller and standing in front of a TV.", "A man is using a game remote control in front of a television.", "a man that is playing a game on the wii"]
["A man playing Wii with two other men sitting on a couch watching ", "a person standing in a living room playing nintendo wii", "there are three men playing a video game together ", "Two men are sitting on a couch watching another man with a game controller turn on the unit.", "A man plays Wii while two other men sit on the couch and watch."]
["A woman standing in front of a doorway under a window.", "The woman who is wearing the jacket is smiling.", "A woman in a lab room points at a colleague.", "A woman in an office setting holding a remote control.", "A woman smiles as she holds a remote control for a video game."]
["A man wearing a shirt holding a object in his right hand.", "A man walking around an office full of desks. ", "A man standing in a room with something in his hand ", "A man with something in his hand looks up to the ceiling.", "A man in a blue shirt and jeans in an office space."]
["A living room with a television and brown couch has a clothes hanger on the doorknob.", "A television tuned in to a news alert.", "There is a small TV below a regular TV", "A couch an tv in a small living room.", "A room with a sofa and a TV on top of shelves. "]
["A living room with large open windows and blue carpet.", "A overhead view of a family room with wood paneling\n", "The living area of the cottage is lit by the sun coming through the large windows and sliding glass doors.", "an image of a loft setting with furniture and a tv", "A picture of a living room with a red couch."]
["A little girl standing in front of a TV.", "A girl in front of a television using a Nintendo Wii controller.", "a young child stands in front of a tv playing nintendo wii", "A child very close to the front of the television.", "a child standing in front of a television in a living room."]
["Older woman looking down at the Wii remote", "two woman in a room trying to play a wii", "An older woman standing up in a room with a Wii video game controller in her hands.", "Two women are playing with a video game", "The elderly woman uses a video game remote near her companion."]
["A living room filled with furniture and a large rug.", "A fancy living room with a bear skin run in the foreground.", "A living room with an animal skin rug on the floor ", "A den with an animal fur lying on the floor and a chair and couch nearby.", "A living room area with an animal skin rug featured."]
["A man at a counter playing interactive bowling video game. ", "A man playing wii on a projector in a classroom", "A person is playing a game of virtual bowling.", "A man playing an interactive video game in his office.", "A person playing a game with a Nintendo Wii controller."]
["A young hold holding a set of Nintendo Wii game controllers.", "A boys sitting on a chair holding a video game remote.", "A young boy smiles while playing a game", "A young person wearing a medal playing video games", "A boy sits in a chair holding a video game controller."]
["A living room with a large stone fire place and furniture.", "a living room with a fire place and some furniture inside of it ", "A den with a fire place, couches and a table.", "A living room with stone fireplace, couch, and ceiling fan.", "A living room that has two couches, a table and a fireplace."]
["A flat screen TV sitting on top of a TV stand.", "Female on flat screen TV in a living room", "A television that is showing a news program on it.", "A living room is seen with a television turned on.", "a tv sitting on top of a full entertainment cabinet"]
["There are two girls playing video games together.", "A blurry photo of two woman playing with Wii controllers.", "Two people sit in front of a television playing a video game.", "Two people that are sitting in front of the TV, playing a video game.", "A group of people playing with a video game system."]
["A woman wearing a white shirt and pants standing next to an older gentleman.", "A man and a woman stand in front of a large screen TV.", "Two people play a video game on a projection TV.", "Two people are playing a large video game.", "A woman and an elderly man are playing a video bowling game."]
["Several people looking at books displayed on a table.", "People look at books sitting on a table.", "Several people wearing dressy clothing looking at books on a table.", "A group of people look at books on a table.", "A group of people in a chruch viewing some books and congregating."]
["An adorable little girl holding a Nintendo Wii game controller over head.", "A child holding a Wii remote in her hands.", "A girl is holding a cordless phone over her head.", "A girl smiling and holding a video game remote in her hands over her head.", "A young girl is holding up a Wii remote."]
["Two guys sit on a couch watching TV. ", "Two people sitting on a couch watching the television.", "Two men sit on a couch and watch the tv.", "Two men in a living room watching tv", "Two guys are watching television in their living room."]
["a small child is playing with a game controller", "A girl playing a game of Wii in her living room.", "a little girl in a pink dress holding a wii mote", "A little girl holding a remote in her hands.", "A girl on a couch with a video game remote in her hand. "]
["A little girl sitting on the couch playing Wii.", "a kid holding a wii remote as she sits on a couch", "A small girl holding a Wii Remote playing the Wii.", "A little girl holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.", "Little girl sitting on the couch playing the Wii"]
["A room with a couch, foot stool and a mirror. ", "A room with a couch and chair in front of a fire place.", "Bright couches with fireplace and wood floors in living room", "a living room with a couch a chair and a fire place", "A room with a fireplace, couch and chair."]
["Four young men in a living room, playing golf on a Wii.", "A group of three men standing next to each other in a  room.", "Group of men playing video game in living area.", "A group of guys in a room with remotes.", "A group of men are playing video games."]
["a small living room with a couch and chairs ", "A room with a couch, chairs, a television and a television stand.", "A living room with hardwood floors, is neatly decorated.", "A small living room with cloth furniture and a television", "a living room with some couches and television inside of it "]
["Several people seated in chairs in a waiting room with a Snapple vending machine in the far corner of the room.", "Group of people sitting in a waiting room with a vending machine. ", "People sitting in chairs in a waiting room.", "A group of people in a waiting room on their cell phones.", "THERE ARE PEOLE SITTING IN A WAITNG ROOM"]
["A man that is laying down with his tongue out.", "A person playing video games with his tongue out and making hand gestures. ", "Man in red shirt sitting on a couch holding white controller. ", "A guy in a red shirt holds a white remote control.", "A man laying in bed holding a Nintendo Wii controller."]
["A living room area with a number of couches", "A living room with cream colored furniture and a telescope.", "A living room with a couch, love seat and chair arranged around a coffee table.", "this living room has beige couches and a coffee table", "A pair of couches near a chair, lamp and a telescope."]
["A living room with a fireplace and chandelier.", "Living room with a fire place and an area rug.", "A spacious living room with a large fireplace.", "A living room with a fire place and some furniture.", "A formal living room is appropriate for an old-fashioned house."]
["A laptop computer sitting on top of a white desk.", "A photograph of a laptop and a computer monitor.", "A laptop connected to an Apple computer monitor.", "A laptop computer is next to a monitor.", "a desk with a laptop a key board and mouse"]
["a close up of a keyboard and a mouse on a desk", "A close up of an Apple keyboard and wireless mouse.", "A mouse and a keyboard on a table.", "The sleek white mouse sits next to the keyboard.", "A computer keyboard next to a computer mouse."]
["A person in blue shoes standing in front of a table.", "a keyboard and mouse are on a table", "A close up of the edge of a table looking at a keyboard and a mouse.", "a close up of a keyboard and a mouse on a table ", "A computer mouse, keyboard, and coffee mug are on a table.", "A mouse that is sitting next to a keyboard."]
["The living room has a large display case in it. ", "some little dresses sitting on a big cabinet", "A living room with hardwood floors and a dining table in the far corner of the room. ", "a living room with some furniture and couches inside of it ", "A living room has a table, couch, and chair in it."]
["A small tablet attached to a key board, with a mouse.", "A desk with a miniature computer, keyboard and mouse.", "An electronic gadget connected to a keyboard and wireless mouse. ", "There is a keyboard that is next to a small screen", "A computer keyboard, wireless mouse, and portable monitor."]
["A person that is on his cell phone in a car.", "A man driving a car while talking on a cell phone.", "The woman talks on her cell phone while in the car.", "A man is sitting in a car on a cell phone.", "A young man in a black car speaking on a cell phone."]
["A beautiful young lady taking a selfie in a mirror.", "A teenager takes a selfie with a pink filter", "A woman posing with a cell phone taking a picture of herself.", "A grainy picture of a female taking a selfie with her phone.", "A young woman is taking a photo of herself in the mirror."]
["A cat has headphones in its ear while curled around the cellphone", "a car is laying with a phone on it", "A sleeping cat listening to an MP3 player with earphones while on the phone.", "A phone laying on top of a cat sitting on a table.", "A small cat sleeps while a cell phone rests against it."]
["A room with marble floors and the door open.", "View from inside of an apartment wit ha TV and a chair, the door to the outside is open.", "a room with a chair and a television", "A living room with a TV sitting on top of a wooden stand.", "A living room with an open door, a chair, and a television."]
["A living room filled with furniture on top of a wooden floor.", "a living room with couches and a table ", "A couple of couches in a large room.", "The canvas is showing a decorated living space.", "A white living room that is very large."]
["A picture of a lone clock tower standing in a school yard.", "A large clocktower is pictured near a fence.", "A tall monument has a clock on the very top.", "The tall tower of the building has a clock displayed.", "A very tall clock tower sitting in the middle of a field."]
["a room with a desk some couches a table and chairs", "a cluttered room with a coach and a bicycle and a door", "A living room filled with furniture and hard wood flooring.", "A room cluttered with sofas, furniture and gear.", "A living area with various furniture and a bicycle."]
["A man wearing a helmet while holding a line.", "A man with a helmet holding wires attached to something in the sky. ", "A man kiteboarding over a lush green grass covered field.", "A person with a helmet and gloves on controls something in the air.", "A man in helmet holding the reigns to a kite."]
["A man wearing a helmet suspended from the air by ropes.", "A man in a harness lifted off of the ground suspend by an unidentifiable flying apparatus ", "A man wearing a helmet airborne, strapped into a hang glide.", "A person wearing a helmet being lifted by parasail.", "A helmeted rider is lifted off of the ground in a grassy area."]
["A group of people standing around a store selling kites.", "A group of adults and kids shopping at a store.", "A group of people are looking at kites.", "People are shopping at a kite shack on the beach.", "a person at a store looking at kites"]
["Many different objects are placed on the beach. ", "several large brown bowls on a beach near the ocean", "a number of bowls on a beach near water", "People on the beach enjoying water sports in the ocean. ", "A beach with several large baskets sitting on it."]
["There are two kites flying in the wind.", "A large kite made of magazine pages in the air.", "Two kites are flying in a blue sky. ", "A patterned kite silhouetted against a clear blue sky.", "Yellow kite flying over top of a very large kinds in the sky. "]
["a kite flying high above in the sky", "a blue and pink kit with streamers flying in a clear blue sky", "a star shaped kite flying high in the sky.", "A red and blue kit flying in the bright blue sky. ", "a big star kite that is in the sky"]
["There are some colorful contraptions sitting in the sand on a beach", "Colorful tents on the beach on a sunny day. ", "Four colorful kites laid out on the beach.", "Several kites laying in the sand at the beach ", "Several large kites are laying on the sandy beach."]
["A crowd of people standing below a gray cloudy sky.", "People watching a line of kites in the sky. ", "A row of kites in the sky and girls are walking on the road.", "A group of people walk down a city street with a string of kites flying overhead.", "A bunch of people gathered at a park for a kite fly in."]
["a person holding the string of a kite flying in the sky", "A man flying a kite on a sunny day.", "A man in a t-shirt flying a box kite", "A person that is flying a kite in the air.", "A man is flying a kite on a sunny day."]
["A group of people standing on a bitch flying large kites.", "A beach area with various kites flying and people standing around.", "Large kites being flown on a windy day at the beach.", "A bunch of kites flying over a beach on a sunny day. ", "Many people have assembled on the beach to fly large kites."]
["A group of children sitting in a field flying kites.", "A woman and three children are sitting in field watching kites fly in the air.", "A family sits and watches kites flying in the sky.", "kids at a park watching kites in the air ", "An adult and several kids sitting in a open field."]
["A octopus, shark and monster kite flying above a crowd.", "A lot of very big kites in the air.", "Three large balloons with multiple strings attached to each balloon in a field with people near by.", "Large, decorative kites hang low to the ground.", "Big balloons and kites being flown on a beach."]
["A man at a table rolling out wrapping paper.", "A man unraveling paper on top of a table.", "A man cuts wrapping paper on a cluttered table.", "an image of a man using wrapping paper", "Several people wrapping items with seasonal wrapping paper."]
["A child standing in the grass with a colorful kite. ", "A child holding a dragon kite standing in the grass.", "a small kid holding on to a kite ", "The young kid is laying with his kite outside.", "A young child holding a colorful kite while standing on top of a field."]
["A little boy flying a kite in a sunny field", "A young boy is flying a kite in the park. ", "A boy flying a kite in a grassy field.", "A young man flying a small kite on top of a field.", "a little boy that is flying some kind of kite"]
["Some very colorful and large kites being flown on a beach.", "A group of large kites and balloon floats flying in the sky.", "People are on the beach while several kites are flying.", "Colorful kites flying over a beach on a sunny day", "A crowd of people flying colorful intricate kites."]
["A variety of kites flown in a computerized image. ", "Many colorful Asia-inspires kites, statues of women in kimono, and a Japanese Torii gate.", "A group of CGI people standing on a hillside flying kites.", "Women and men appear in an animated image.", "An animation picture of several people in a Japanese setting with kites flying overhead."]
["An indoor garden scene with blue vases and a straw gazebo.", "Three teal pots sitting behind different kinds of shrubs.", "A tropically designed patio features a straw thatched gazebo,lots of grassy plants, and some dramatically designed blue bases for visual interest.", "An Asian themed garden in a large building.", "A picture of a patio with plants around it."]
["Bright tall colorful flags stuck in the sand at a beach", "People on the sandy beach with flyers. ", "The flags in the sand are rainbow colors with streamers. ", "A group of people on a beach surrounded by multiple colorful kites.", "People gathered at the beach with large colorful flags sticking out of the sand."]
["a number of people in a field with many kites flying above", "A large crowd of people are watching the flying kites.", "A field full of people flying their kites", "A large group of people in an field flying kites.", "A group of people flying kites at a crowded park"]
["A batter swinging a baseball bat with the catcher behind him.", "a man wearing a uniform and swinging a baseball bat", "A baseball game is being watched by players.", "A man swinging a bat as he plays in a baseball game.", "Spectators and players watching a professional baseball game"]
["A baseball hitter swinging his bat during a baseball game.", "A baseball player batting while his team mates look on.", "A baseball player taking  a swing at a ball", "A baseball player is hitting the ball as the other team watches.", "A player swinging a bat at a baseball game."]
["A little girl holding out an American flag.", "A little girl holding a flag for a picture.", "The child is waving a small flag as she stands near two women. ", "A little girl standing with her mom and holding to small American flags.", "A number of people standing by a street waving small American flags."]
["A boy and a man in batting cages.", "A boy standing behind a man in a batting cage.", "Two young boys practicing in the batting cage", "A boy stands behind another man in a batting cage.", "A child and an adult in a batting cage holding bats."]
["A man hitting a ball with a bat while two other men watch.", "A young man swinging at a baseball during a game.", "A young man hitting a tennis ball with a baseball bat.", "A baseball player is up to bat with the ball in motion.", "three baseball players and one is hitting the ball"]
["A man in black jacket walking on beach with a clock tower in the distance.", "A person walking on the beach towards some buildings.", "A man walks on the beach by himself.", "an image of a man walking down the beach", "A man waling along a beach with a town in the back ground."]
["A small round ceramic glass vase on a surface.", "A white fluted vase is on a dark table.", "A beautiful white curved vase with detail on the top, ", "A white vase sitting on a black table.", "A white decorative vase sits on a black table."]
["A baseball game is going on for the crowd. ", "A baseball player holding a bat over the top of a base.", "The stands are packed as a baseball player in a gray uniform holds a bat as a catcher holds out his mitt.", "A man that has a baseball bat standing in the dirt.", "A man swinging a bat at a baseball on a field."]
["A pitcher throws the ball towards the batter while other players watch.", "a group of people playing a baseball game on a dirt field ", "a number of baseball players on a field ", "a baseball game taking place as people watch ", "The pitcher is getting ready to throw to the batter."]
["A baseball player is getting ready to hit a ball.", "A man in black jersey with a baseball bat.", "Baseball player waits in the batter's box for the pitch.", "A baseball player holding a bat in a batting stance.", "A batter on a baseball field waiting for the pitch."]
["A baseball player holding a bat on a field.", "A baseball player is up to bat at a game.", "A young man in black jersey holding a baseball bat.", "A man with a baseball bat in a field.", "a baseball player a batter is on a field"]
["a baseball batter at citifield is about to hit the baseball\n", "a big crowd watching the batter the catcher and the umpire ", "A man rared back at a baseball with his bat as another man holds his glove.", "A baseball game in progress with the baseball player up to plate.", "A baseball game is being played before a crowd."]
["TWO PIECES OF PIZZA BOTH DIFFERENT IN A BOX", "Two slices of different kind of pizza in a box.", "Two different slices of pizza in a pizza box.", "Two vegetable pizza slices are inside of a box.", "Two pieces of pizza are sitting in a cardboard tray."]
["Two slices of pizza of different kinds in a box.", "two slices of pizza with different toppings sit in a paper pizzas box with paper plates in it .", "A cardboard fox filled with two slices of pizza.", "Two slices of pizza, one red and one white, on a paper plate.", "Two slices of pizza on a paper plate in a box."]
["A picture of a person playing in a tennis game.", "A female tennis player is waiting to hit a ball.", "A woman tennis player stands ready to receive the ball.", "The tennis player crouches in position for the serve.", "A female tennis player standing at the baseline of the tennis court and holding her racquet with two hands."]
["A beautiful woman in a short skirt holding a green tennis ball and a tennis racquet.", "A female tennis player dribbles a ball on the court.", "A woman about to serve a tennis ball", "a tennis player getting ready to hit a serve", "A woman holding a racket focuses on tennis ball."]
["A man is about to eat a slice of pizza at a restaurant. ", "A man holding a slice of cheesy pizza.", "A man eating some pizza and drinking Pepsi.", "A man that is holding a slice of pizza.", "A man holding a slice of pizza in his hand. "]
["The young woman seems to be very happy about her food.", "A lady smiling wide over a pizza on the table.", "A woman looks up and smiles as she sits in front of her plate of pizza. ", "A woman making a sex face as she sits in front of a pizza at a table.", "A woman and her friend sitting at a table."]
["A women's tennis doubles match on a professional court", "tHERE ARE TWO WOMAN PLAYING A GAME OF TENNIS", "Two girls with tennis rackets hunched over. ", "Two women in white shirts and black shorts are playing tennis together.", "TENNIS MATCH WITH PLAYERS READY AND HOLDING RACKETS"]
["A red hair woman holding an open box of pizza.", "A young woman holding a pizza in a box.", "a woman is holding a box of pizza", "A woman is posing with an open pizza box.", "A woman holds an open box of pizza. "]
["A woman smiles over a deep dish pizza.", "A woman sitting in front of a deep dish pizza.", "A woman sitting in a restaurant with a deep dish pizza.", "A woman at a restaurant eating a deep dish pizza.", "A girl sitting in a restaurant smiling in front of a bread entre."]
["A woman standing on a tennis court with a  tennis racquet.", "A woman aims to hit a ball with her tennis racket.", "A man in sunglasses hitting a tennis ball.", "A photograph of a person hitting a tennis ball with a racket.", "He is playing tennis with sunglasses on his face."]
["a man running up to hit the tennis ball", "A man on a tennis court going after the ball with a racquet.", "A man holding a tennis racket on a court.", "a man in shorts plays a game of tennis ", "a man is running with a tennis racket"]
["a man with a tennis racket standing on concrete", "A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A person in action on the tennis court.", "Young man about to hit a tennis ball with his racquet.", "Man preparing to serve ball on outdoor tennis court."]
["Long view of tennis match with man diving for ball in match", "A tennis player dives to hit the ball back to his opponent.", "A tennis court with two men playing a game of tennis.", "Two tennis players are performing on a tennis court.", "A lot of people are watching a tennis match."]
["A desk in an office with a computer and a phone.", "a desk with a phone a keyboard and a monitor", "A computer monitor, keyboard, phone and various papers sit on a desk.", "A cubicle in an office with Christmas cards displayed on shelves", "A cubicle with computer monitor and office supplies"]
["A group of vases sitting in a shop window with other home decor.", "a collection of glass vases are sitting in a window", "Several vases and delicate items are seen through the glass.", "A wide variety of vases and chandelier in a window display. ", "A group of white vases sitting behind a glass window."]
["Tubes of breast milk in a refrigerator. ", "A refrigerator filled with bottles of milk and food.", "The inside of a refrigerator stocked with breast milk and other items.", "Refrigerator contents, including beverages containers, and row of sample bottles.", "A refrigerator shelf with multiple containers of a liquid. "]
["A laptop computer on a desk along with some other things.", "A wooden desk has an open lap top on it and a pair of scissors.", "The desk holds a laptop, a cd player, some flashlights, and other odds and ends.", "An open laptop sits on a desk with other items.", "An open laptop computer sitting on a desk."]
["A window view of a garden at a workstation.", "An empty plate is on the computer desk near a window.", "A desk next to a window with a laptop and a mouse.", "A table with a laptop sitting next to an open window.", "A laptop and a plate on a table."]
["A home office with leather desk chair, computer and hutch, and bookshelves, with books scattered on the floor.", "A brown chair sitting in front of a laptop computer.", "An open laptop sits on a desk in front of an office chair.", "a home study with a workstation with a laptop and a bookshelf under a framed diploma", "Office chair in front of laptop on small desk in messy office."]
["Two laptops that are sitting on a desk.", "A desk that has two computers and phone on it.", "a wooden table a phone and two laptops and a mouse", "A laptop with a girl giving the peace sign next to another laptop.", "Two laptops sit atop a desk on either side of a phone."]
["A woman looking at maps spread out on a bed.", "a couple of maps and a laptop on a bed", "A woman looking at some maps that are laying on a hotel bed.", "A bed covered in two maps and a lap top computer.", "Two large maps laying on top of a table together. "]
["Two people are sitting beside one another working on their laptops.", "Two people in an office cubicle working on their respective laptops", "A man and a woman both on laptop computers.", "A man and woman sit using laptop computers.", "A man sitting next to a woman at a table with laptop computers."]
["a boy is sitting on a rock with a laptop", "The young man wearing a cap sits on a rock with a laptop. ", "A young man sits outside with a laptop.", "A man that is sitting on a rock with a laptop.", "a person siting on a rock using a laptop "]
["there is a man sitting at a table using a lap top", "A man doing a task on a laptop at a desk.", "a man sitting at a desk while using a laptop ", "A man sitting at a wooden table using a laptop computer.", "A man uses the computer while sitting at a table."]
["Large clock tower lit up at night with an American flag at the top. ", "A large stone building with a  clock on it", "The clock tower of Union Station lights up in the evening. ", "A large tower set against the night sky with a clock on it", "The building with the flags shines bright at night. "]
["An old man is playing with a dog while sitting on the couch. ", "A man sitting in a chair petting a dog.", "A man sits in a chair and pets a furry dog. ", "A man is sitting on a love seat and petting his dog.", "A man on the couch is petting the dog", "A man sitting in a chair with a dog up on its hind legs "]
["Ashton Kutcher on the computer and using a headset.", "The man with the laptop is wearing headphones.", "A photo of Ashton Kutcher is shown using a laptop.", "The man is working on his laptop while listening to music.", "Man listening to mp3 player while using computer."]
["A sepia toned photo of a baby snuggling with a giant teddy bear.", "A baby is rubbing his head against a giant teddy bear. ", "Small child sitting and snuggling with large stuffed bear.", "A child is playing with a very large teddy bear.", "A baby kissing a big teddy bear in the house"]
["A laptop with a drawing of a person on it.", "An Apple computer with a special design is on the desk.", "An Apple laptop computer sitting on a desk.", "a laptop a mouse a desk and some wires", "A view of a laptop with a Chay sticker on it, its an apple."]
["a brown teddy bear is holding a cellphone", "a teddy bear holding a cell phone in front of a window with a view of the city", "A teddy bear on a windowsill holding a cellphone.", "A stuffed bear holding an ipod in front of a window", "A teddy bear sitting in a window holding a cell phone."]
["Two laptop computers sit on an orange table with their lids open.", "On the living room table are three laptops, each facing out.", "Three laptops set up on an ottoman for friends to play together ", "Three computer laptops resting on an orange cushion ", "Two laptop computers sitting next to each other on a table."]
["A group of three vases sitting next to each other.", "White and brown bowl in the middle of two odd cups.", "Three bowls of various sizes and shapes.  ", "Two vases and a bowl side by side.", "There is two vases and one bowl on display on the table. "]
["A desk topped with a laptop computer next to another laptop.", "A pair of laptop computers sitting on a small desk.", "Two notebook computers sit on top of a table.", "a room showing two laptops on a wooden table", "Two laptops on a counter with several cords attached to them. "]
["A vase filled with colorful flowers next to a green vase.", "there is a vase with many different colored flowers in it", "bright colored flowers all in a vase .", "An arrangement of colorful daisies in a group of vases. ", "Many different colorful flowers are on a table."]
["A white microwave oven sitting inside of a wall.", "a kitchen with a bright red wall and white trim", "A picture of a hallway with a white door. ", "A room is painted in red with colorful accents. ", "Red walled kitchen area with microwave and refrigerator."]
["a laptop computer sitting on a cushion  open and running", "A laptop computer sitting on a blue and gold floral cushion.", "A laptop computer sitting on top of a bed.", "a lap top that is laying on a mattress ", "An open laptop computer sits on a cushion."]
["A big white book shelf that is tipped on one end.", "A tall, empty book shelf with books nearby and a speaker also.", "An empty bookshelf stands by a speaker and some books.", "A brown speaker sitting next to a white book shelf.", "Empty bookshelf in house next to wall clock and books."]
["Parents with their children at a library event outside.", "A group of young people are sitting at a gathering on a lawn.", "A large group of people sitting on the ground.", "An older woman reading aloud a children's book for a group of kids", "some people are sitting on blankets on some grass "]
["A group of three men standing next to each other.", "A man stares while the people next to him look at their phones.  ", "two people standing using cell phones near one another", "Three businessmen standing around playing on their phones.", "Three men stand around a laptop that is recording them on a web camera.."]
["A woman eats a burger next to a street vendor.", "A man preparing food on a street cart next to a building.", "A man running a street stand in front of a yellow garage", "A man and a woman stand at a portable vending cart.", "A man standing in front of a street vendor, a woman behind the counter."]
["two people in a building one is talking on a cell phone.", "A person that is on her cell phone smiling.", "A woman on a phone carrying a camera and a man in a suit walking behind her.", "A woman smiles on the phone while a man stands behind her", "Lady talks on her phone in the living room"]
["A black dishwasher sitting next to a microwave.", "The microwave is next to the dish washer underneath the counter. ", "A dishwasher is seen in a kitchen setting.", "An older kitchen with tan cabinets, black appliances, and faux granite countertops.", "A closeup of a corner in a kitchen with a microwave and a dishwasher."]
["Two people standing in a kitchen looking around. ", "A couple of men are standing in a kitchen", "Two people looking at a large kitchen ", "An elderly man and woman looking around in a kitchen.", "Two people standing close to each other while standing in a kitchen."]
["A child holding a cellphone above field of grass.", "A young man holding a cell phone in his hands.", "A person standing in the grass on a cell phone.", "A person holding a cell phone, standing in grass.", "A small child holds a silver shiny cell phone while standing in grass."]
["A little girl staring at her cell phone.", "A close up of a woman looking at her cell phone in her hand.", "A photo of a girl looking at her phone.", "A young girl is outside using a cell phone.", "A young girl is typing on a cell phone."]
["Three cell phones lying next to each other on a wooden table.", "There are three cell phones on the wooden table.", "Three different cell phones on an old table", "A group of three smart phones sitting on top of a wooden table.", "There are three smartphones lying on the table. "]
["A left hand golding a Samsung flip phone from Sprint", "A photo of a persons hand holding a flip cell phone.", "He is showing everyone his Samsung cell phone.", "a person holding on to a cell phone ", "a hand holding up an old cell phone that flips open"]
["Men in sombreros are behind a man with a phone.", "Man holding up a smart phone with an image of Mexican dancers behind him", "Man holding mobile phone in front of festive musicians and dancers.", "A commercial of some Mexican people in the back. ", "A man with a cellphone standing in front of dancers."]
["an image of two men standing in front of a Christmas tree", "Two men with Christmas gifts in front of a Christmas tree.", "Two mean pose for the camera holding a cell phone and a pac man.", "Two man in front of a tree holding up items", "Two men show of technology gadget Christmas gifts."]
["An empty red Nokia phone casing hanging from a Christmas tree.", "A cellphone that is hanging from a tree.", "The Christmas tree ornament is shaped like a cell phone. ", "A smart phone hanging from a string on a tree.", "A cell phone case is hanging from a Christmas tree."]
["a close up of a person holding a cell phone", "An older male with white hair holding a flip phone.", "A man on a boat is using a flip phone.", "A man sitting down while on a cell phone.", "A man is using a flip cell phone."]
["A young boy with a cell phone up to his ear", "A little kid that is standing holding a phone to his ear.", "A young child holding a cell phone to their ear in front of a creek.", "A little boy has a cellphone to his ear. ", "A little blond boy talking on a cell phone."]
["A young boy has what appears to be a flip phone in his mouth. ", "Young child with cell phone in mouth looks pensive.", "a kid outside near a water area with a phone in his mouth", "a close up of a small child with a cell phone in its mouth", "A small child chewing on a cell phone next to a river."]
["Someone sitting down with their finger on an ipad.", "a person with their finger on a tablet", "A person using a table pc with their finger.", "A person using a table laying on a desk.", "person using a touch screen on a desk"]
["A business man is leaning against a window looking at his cell phone.", "A man using his phone in the office.", "a man in khakis and a polo shirt using a cell phone", "A man wearing an ID badge looking at his phone.", "A man in a black shirt leaning against a wall while looking at his cell phone."]
["The back of a microwave and it's plugs.", "A microwave or other small kitchen appliance is seen from behind.", "\nthis is an image of a hose behind an appliance.", "A cable hooks into an object on a counter.", "The back end of a microwave plugged into an electrical outlet."]
["a small microwave oven that is supposed to be installed in a wall but sitting on the floor", "there is s stainless steel stove that was put on the street", "A silver oven that has been placed outside.", "An oven sits on a sidewalk outside a house.", "An oven sitting on the concrete outside of a building."]
["A white refrigerator with a double doors and an ice-maker has papers, cards and magnets on the surface,  ", "A white refrigerator with several magnets and papers stuck to it. ", "There is a white refrigerator with some magnets and paper on it.", "a icebox that has some magnets on the front", "A bunch of items that are on a refrigerator."]
["A purse sits on a counter in a kitchen.", "An un-lived in kitchen has just a purse on the counter.", "The handbag is in the kitchen on the dishwasher.", "There is a purse in a clean kitchen.", "A purse sits on a dishwasher in a new kitchen."]
["A woman looking into a refrigerator filled with food.", "A REFG WITH THERE ARE MANY THINGS IN IT", "A woman has her hand on a half gallon bottle of milk.", "A girl takes a container of milk out of the refrigerator.", "A girl is reaching to take a container of milk out of the refrigerator.", "A girl is reaching inside a refrigerator for a container of milk.", "A woman is grabbing milk inside of a fridge. "]
["an orange and white building with a tower and trees", "A building with a clock tower sitting on top of a hill.", "A large building with a clock on the top.", "A big grass field near some very big buildings.", "A building is shown behind trees and shrubs."]
["a clock attached to a wall of a building", "a building with a large clocked built on the outside of  it", "A clock on the corner of a building tells the time to city people.", "An old, large clock hanging off of a building.", "A clock hanging off the side of a tall building."]
["An open refrigerator with food and condiments inside of it.", "An open refrigerator with eggs, mayonnaise, milk and salad dressing in it. ", "a fridge is open with food inside the shelves", "A refrigerator wide open so you can see what's inside ", "an open refrigerator with bottles jars and other food items"]
["A vase filled with purple and red flowers sitting on a counter.", "A blue vase with red roses centered on a white table.", "a small blue vase with red flowers ", "A vase full of flowers sitting on a table in front of a cement wall.", "a group of red flowers in a blue vase on a white table."]
["Sliced green apples, ice cubes, and liquid in a blender held together with duct tape.", "A blender that has electric tape on it.", "A blender held together by duct table holds a mixture of food.", "A fruit blender plugged into brick wall, with duct tape", "A blender held together with duck tape filled with apples."]
["A blender seems to have some veggies ready to be mixed. ", "There is fruit and ice in this old blender.", "A blender filled with ice and fruit. ", "A blender containing ice and fruit sits near the corner of a table.", "The ingredients for a mixed drink sitting in a blender."]
["Six vases of various sizes are beige and brown.", "A row of vases depicting various forest animals.", "many designed vases with one vase that has flowers", "A IMAGE OF DIFFERENT COLOR VASES WITH FLOWERS", "A white counter topped with vases and one filled with flowers."]
["An indoor garden show which focus on a large vase.", "An indoor garden show features creative, simulated backyards.", "A garden show with a fountain and hammock", "A picture of some plants that are outside.", "Garden display with green vases set up inside a building. "]
["A backpack and a line of supplies laying out.", "A very neatly organized display of many items.", "A backpack, laptop, pens, scissors, calculator, tape, a notebook and other stationary supplies.", "a backpack sits next to a laptop and some other supplies ", "a laptop many pens and pencils a pair of scissors"]
["We see an arrangement of peach flowers in an earth tone vase.", "A vase sitting on a clear glass coaster with pink flowers.", "a close up of a vase with flowers ", "A large vase sitting on top of a wooden table filled with flowers.", "Large roses in a rustic vase on a clear plate."]
["A large clock tower with an American flag flying from the top of it.", "An American flag atop a tall columned building.", "Clock tower with USA flag and partly cloudy sky background.", "A view of a multi-tiered clock tower with an American flag on the top.", "The tall clock tower has an American flag on top."]
["A breakfast plate with toast, eggs and bacon.", "A plate of bacon, bread, and hard boiled eggs. ", "there is a white plate with many foods on it", "A meal with bacon, bread, and butter on a white plate.", "Bacon and eggs are sitting on a white plate."]
["A tall wooden clock tower with a clock on it's side.", "a brick building with a giant clock inside of it ", "A small two story building with a clock on the side and a banner hanging from the corner.", "A large clock displaced on the side of a building.", "There is a large clock on the side of the building."]
["A large tower building with a clock on the top.", "Attached to the side of a castle tower, is a gold faced clock.", "A large brick building displaying a roman numeral clock", "A large clock juts out from the tower of a castle-type building.", "an image of a large building with a clock"]
["A street in front of a tall building filled with traffic.", "Cars, motorcycle, and pedestrians stopped at intersection in front of decorative building.", "Cars, pedestrians and a motorcycle by a large building.", "A fancy coat of arms is on the side of a building.", "A street scene with two cars stopped at an intersection."]
["An ornate vintage clock with several faces. ", "A large, ornate clock on a pole, located outside.", "A four sided clock mounted to the top of a pole.", "A very large black and white clock on a pole.", "A street clock with roman numerals on the clock face and a blue sky above."]
["A group of women sitting around a table with a pizza on a  pan.", "Teenage girls giggle and chat as they devour a large pepperoni pizza.", "Several girls at a table with a partly eaten pizza on a tray.", "Some girls are sitting at a table and eating pizza.", "Some of the girls appear to be happy and one is not so happy."]
["a plate of pancakes and sausages on a table", "A plate has a stack of pancake and a sausage. ", "Pancakes and sausage sitting on a table near a cup and syrup.", "a white plate with pancakes and sausages next to a cup of coffee.", "This is a picture of pancakes, bacon and coffee."]
["A series of four clocks mounted to a wall.", "a drawing of many clocks on a wall ", "Four clocks suspended from a ceiling by poles in a building.", "A distorted black and white picture with clocks.", "a frame by frame of clocks passing by "]
["a close up of a plate of food with waffles", "a man with a praying mantis on his shirt eating a big feast ", "A man sitting at a table with a large plate of breakfast food on it.", "A man sitting at a table with some food.", "A man is at a table of breakfast food."]
["A stuffed teddy bear hiding behind plants next to a house.", "A teddy bear that is in the grass.", "A Christmas-themed stuffed bear sits among floral decorations.", "A teddy bear dressed in a christmas scarf and hat.", "A stuffed holiday bear decoration in a garden."]
["A clock tower stands stately in an afternoon sky", "Big Ben clock tower in London against blue sky.", "The Big Ben clock tower sitting under a blue cloudy sky.", "the big ben tower standing in front of a slightly cloudy sky ", "A clock is on the face of a high tower."]
["Lit up night traffic is zooming by a clock tower.", "A fast moving image of cars on a busy street with a tower clock in the background.", "A city building is brightly lit and a lot of vehicles are driving by.", "A large clock tower and traffic moving near.", "there is a large tower with a clock on it"]
["two black and white clocks on a black clock tower and clouds ", "A tower has a clock on it on a clear day.  ", "A very tall clock tower sitting under a cloudy blue sky.", "a tower with a clock in it sits inf front of a sky", "A clock is sitting at the top of the tower."]
["A stone building has a tall clock tower.", "Old stone building with a clock tower and a steeple", "An older building with an attached clock tower and green roof.", "A tall building with a clock on the front of it", "A large building with a clock tower and dome on top."]
["A bunch of very pretty assorted clocks on a wall.", "An assortment of cookoo clocks in a store.", "A white wall with lots of clocks mounted to it.", "A bunch of clocks that are on a wall.", "a couple of wooden cuckoo clocks on a wall"]
["A giant clock tower window is looked through by many. ", "A group of people standing behind a giant glass clock.", "Group of people inside large clock looking at scenery.", "A group of people looking out from inside of a clock tower.", "Group of people standing behind a large white clock face. "]
["People standing behind a clock in a clock tower filled with massive golden bells.", "The inside looking out view of a clock tower ", "The view from the inside of a large clock tower with several people and bells inside.", "Dark room filled with people with it's light coming through a window that's also a clock.", "It takes a lot of skilled workers to maintain this large clock."]
["A shelf with a vase filled with green plants next to a vase with a face.", "An interesting vase is next to a bowl of herbs.", "a bowl full of some kind of plants", "The decorative bowls are on the table. ", "Some sort of bowl vase sitting on table next to vase with a face carved on it."]
["A field full of flower sculptures next to a forest.", "some lit up artificial flowers and a vase sitting in a yard ", "A lighted art display in a park at dusk.", "lights made to look like flowers surrounding a lite up vase", "Photo taken at dusk with colorful objects at are lite up."]
["A park filled with lots of lit up sculptures.", " Show with flowers and lantern made of lights.", "Lighted yard ornaments in a field at nighttime.", "LED lights in artificial flowers and a vase decorate an outdoor space.", "A bunch of pretty light ornaments in a garden at night "]
["A decorative Asian lantern sculpture in the garden with flower ornaments.", "Lamps in different shapes and colors lite up in the dusk.", "A patio that has large illuminated flowers on it", "Lighted lanterns, on large vase shape others floral style, in park or large yard area.", "A lighted statue in the middle of several smaller lighted ones."]
["A blue and red vase on a table top.", "A colorful three level vase sitting on a white counter.", "A blue ceramic vase that is round and tapered.", " a dark colored vase sitting on a white table ", "Blue and purple vase sitting not he side of a white wall. "]
["A glass vase that is sitting on a table.", "A ceramic vase with the image of a mermaid and dolphins.", "A light green vase with an image of a woman sculpted on it", "An antique is sitting on a display counter.", "A ceramic vase with a woman in a flowing flowered dress."]
["A vase decorated with an assortment of flowers.", "A stark composition of a bright spring floral arrangement.", "A bouquet of different flowers is in a vase.  ", "This purple vase has a lot of different kinds of flowers.", "A bouquet of wild flowers is in a  vase."]
["A vase that is on a table with flowers inside of it.", "A vase with a couple of flowers and a view of it's shadow.", "a couple of flowers are in a vase", "A purple vase holding a variety of wildflowers on display.", "The  painted vase displays the owner's  garden perennials "]
["A group of metal sculptures sitting on top of a white table.", "Multi-colored hexagonal tubes are standing on a table.", "multiple octagon shaped cylinders filled with paint on the table", "A group of flower vases with various colors on them.", "Hexagonal vases of various heights sitting on a table. "]
["a very large vase holding some flowers outside", "A vase that has some red and white flowers in it.", "A big pretty vase with some flowers in  the dark.", "A glass vase with flowers resting on a grave.", "An ice sculpture of a large vase is holding flowers outdoors."]
["Blue flowers with green leaves in a jug vase", "A bowl with a fish and blue flowers in it.", "a glass vase with blue and white flowers ", "A bouquet of blue flowers rest in a vase.", "A little blue arrangement of flowers is soaking in a vase of red liquid."]
["The craft table has several pair of scissors.", "Colorful patches, scissors, yarn, paper, and glue sitting on a table. ", "Several craft supplies, such as, scissors, fabric, feathers and yarn.", "A table covered with arts and craft supplies.", "a table of cloth, scissors and bottles of glue"]
["Several various sewing items sitting on a pile.", "a pair of scissors is laying on a pouch", "some silver scissors thread and a bag and supplies", "Sewing thread with needles and scissors and a storage bag.", "A bag with a pair of scissors and some thread."]
["A big teddy bear sitting in front of a painting of a tsunami. ", "A brown teddy bear sitting next to a wall with a painting.", "A stuffed bear sitting next to a surfboard.", "A brown teddy bear with a bow sitting on a chair. ", "Brown teddy bear sitting underneath a blue and white sign. "]
["Stuffed bear with red bow sitting on white counter.", "Small teddy bear sitting on a glass table.", "The tan teddy bear has a red bow tied around its neck. ", "a small stuffed teddy bear sitting on a table", "The teddy bear has a big bright red bow.\n"]
["A teddy bear with a red bow around its neck.", "a little teddy bear wearing a red ribbon tied in a bow ", "A brown stuffed teddy bear wearing a red bow tie.", "The stuffed teddy bear is wearing a red bow tie.", "A brown teddy bear has a red bow on it's neck."]
["There is plenty of cheese and other types of vegetables on a plate.", "a white plate silverware bowl and cup with different types of foods", "A plat of vegetables, and cheese and a bowl of nuts and milk on a table.", "A whit plate topped with vegetables and cheese.", "A plate of food on a table "]
["A man sitting at a table with plates of food.", "Two people sitting at a table having a meal", "Two men sitting at a table with plates of food.", "two males sitting at a table with food and drinks", "Two people having a meal at a diner."]
["A nice looking sandwich is sitting on the plate. ", "A picture of egg and cheese sandwiched between two waffles on a white plate.", "A white plate with an egg sandwich on it.", "A sandwich that is on a plate on a table.", "An egg sandwich on a white plate and table."]
["A woman is stirring a Cappuccino with a dessert in an outdoor setting. ", "A woman sits at a table with a cup of coffee and a dessert plate.", "a woman stirring her coffee with a spoon", "A woman is stirring her coffee shake on the table. ", "A woman is drinking coffee and eating cake."]
["A pile of pancakes sitting on top of a white plate.", "A breakfast of pancakes, coffee, sugar free syrup, and grits.  ", "A breakfast including pancakes, coffee, and porridge with butter.", "A half eaten plate of pancakes with grits on the side and coffee.", "A partially eaten pancake and grits breakfast with coffee."]
["A woman holding up a pregnancy test near a plate of food.", "A lady is checking a pregnancy test from the dinner table.", "A girl looks down at something in the hands while sitting at a set dinner table.", "A lady looking at an item at a table filled with food.", "woman with strange hairdo sitting at table with a huge plate of food."]
["A very pretty bowl with some soup in it.", "A white and blue bowl serving a wonton soup.", "A bowl that has some soup in it.", "A wooden surface with place settings shows a graphic paper place mat under a patterned plate that holds a bowl with thin yellow soup that shows noodles and vegetables.   ", "Bowl of soup sitting on a plate at a Chinese restaurant. "]
["A table with several dishes of Asian food", "Seven containers of different foods on a white table.", "There are a bunch of oriental dishes on a table.", "A table with multiple different eating dishes on it.", "seven bowls of different foods rice greens etc,"]
["People are eating and drinking around a table.", "A group of people eating at a table.\n", "A group of people sitting at a dining table.", "Some friends eat dinner at a nice restaurant.", "People sitting around table eating and drinking cool beverage."]
["a number of people standing around a table with wine bottles", "A group of people observing wines at a convention.", "Vendors are selling their wines at a wine festival.", "THIS IS A LARGE CROWD AT A WINE TASTING", "A group of people standing around bottles of wine."]
["a group of people gather outside by a wall ", "A woman in a red shirt is holding a plate of food while a group of people are in the background.", "A woman holding a plate of food and wine glass.", "A woman holding a plate of food and a glass.", "A woman holding a plate and wine glass at an outdoor gathering."]
["a small table that has some wine glasses on top", "three filled wine glasses and a restaurant menu sitting on a table", "Restaurant menu and glasses of wine on a wooden table.", "Three wine glasses next to each other on a table.", "There are three glasses of wine on the table next to a menu. "]
["a number of people sitting at a bar with wine glasses ", "A group of people at a bar raise their glasses in a toast.", "a bunch of people are sitting at a bar", "Group of people posing with wineglasses in their hands. ", "There is a row of people at a bar"]
["a lady holding a glass of wine and a man holding a beer", "a person standing with people with wine glasses", "Woman and man holding wine glasses aloft with another man standing in between", "A woman that is holding a wine glass.", "a woman is standing and holding a wine glass"]
["a punch of people sitting on park benches", "People sit on park benches lining an old cracked street.", "People sit on benches lining a paved trail in a park", "A long paved park path lined with benches that are filled with people.", "Park benches full of people lining a street."]
["A man walking down a street holding an umbrella.", "A man holding a camera and an umbrella walking.", "The man is walking in the rain with his umbrella up. ", "A person with a camera walks through a heavy rain carrying an umbrella. ", "an image of a man a person holding an umbrella"]
["Adults with childern walking in the rain with umbrellas.", "Two adults and two children carrying umbrellas cross the street in the rain. ", "People and children walking in the rain carrying umbrellas.", "Two adults with umbrellas and two children walking in the rain. ", "People are walking around with umbrellas in the rain"]
["a person that is riding a bike next to some seats", "A bunch of birds that are sitting on steps.", "There is a cyclist riding above all the pigeons.", "A man on a bicycle above spectator stands, where pigeons graze.", "A cyclist pedals past a flock of birds perched on a grating."]
["A group of  people sitting around a table on laptops.", "A conference table full of people working on computers, with stacks of paper covering the table.", "A group of people sitting around a table and standing in the room.", "Laptops sitting on both sides of a table with people working at them.", "There is a group of people working at the large desk. "]
["a man is sitting on a bike next to a bus", "Two cyclists are waiting in traffic at a light", "a motor bike and other cars sit parked at an intersection ", "A bunch of people stopped at an intersection, two are on mopeds. ", "Person on a motorcycle at a cross walk looking at camera."]
["A woman riding on the back of a purple motor scooter.", "A woman in a dress sitting on a motor scooter.", "An attractive woman smiles and poses with a purple moped.", "A well dressed girl sitting on a motorbike that is on display.", "A girl is sitting on motorcycle which is on display."]
["A train traveling down train tracks near a city.", "A couple people and a car waiting for a train to go by.", "People stopped for a train that is getting ready to cross the street.", "a train on a train track with people on a street ", "People waiting at a train crossing for a train to pass"]
["A kitchen that includes a stove, ovens and refrigerator.", "A kitchen with a stove and fridge and oven.", "Half of a kitchen shows stainless steel appliances and wooden cabinets.", "A kitchen with stainless steel kitchen appliances and wood cabinets.", "The kitchen is clean and it's ready to be used. "]
["A man and a woman looking at cell phones.", "Asian man and woman sitting and looking at cell phones", "Two Asian people inside a train looking at their mobile phones.", "A man and a woman using their cellphones simultaneously.", "A man sitting next to a woman on a train."]
["A woman in white shirt standing in kitchen area.", "A woman standing in a kitchen next to a window.", "An old lady stands in the middle of a kitchen", "a woman wearing glasses in a kitchen with a sink and windows", "A woman in a kitchen with wood cabinets and drawers"]
["A kitchen filled with a metal stove top oven.", "A small kitchen in a small, dinghy apartment.", "A kitchen with an oven, stove, diswasher, sink and window next to an open door.", "a dirty worn down kitchen a door scene", "An unattractive and worn apartment with an open front door."]
["A cook in a restaurant kitchen putting chopped vegetables in a bow.", "At a restaurant's kitchen, a gentleman wearing sanitary gloves prepares a salad.", "A man in a blue shirt is putting food into a bowl.", "The man is in the kitchen preparing a meal. ", "A man in blue shirt preparing food in a kitchen."]
["Towels hanging on an oven in a kitchen", "A kitchen has a washing machine in it.", "a kitchen is shown with a dish washer in it ", "A picture of a very clean kitchen in a house.", "Various home products line the granite counter top"]
["A woman preparing food inside of a kitchen.", "A woman in striped shirt preparing food at table.", "Woman using a cutting board with meat and a bowl of fruit. ", "A woman wearing glasses and an apron standing in front of a counter.", "Woman in glasses smiles for the camera as she fixes a meal"]
["mANY CHEFS WORK ON COOKING FOOD IN THE KITCHEN.", "Chefs in a kitchen at a restaurant gathering food together.", "A man preparing food in a kitchen next to a pile of plates.", "A restaurant with prep cooks in the back ground", "Staff in kitchen with stainless serving compartments and white plates."]
["A group of men standing in a large kitchen.", "A group of cooks doing various kitchen tasks in a kitchen.", "A group of people stand in a kitchen and work.", "A group of people working very hard in the kitchen preparing some meals.", "Cooks are in a kitchen preparing food. "]
["A man sitting at a table looking at a box of cupcakes. ", "Man looking at pastries within a box in modern room", "A man in black jacket looking at a box full of cupcakes.", "A man sitting in front of a table with a box of cupcakes.", "a man sitting at a table with a box of desserts sitting next to him"]
["Balloons filled with helium attached to a food truck.", "A meal truck parked on the side of the road with its doors open.", "A bunch of balloons that are on the side of a truck.", "A decorative fruit van selling to people it's contents", "A brightly painted food truck with balloons attached."]
["Little dog in a shirt sitting next to owner's feet", "A woman's feet in platform shoes with a dog in a t-shirt", "A small dog next to a persons feet on the street.", "A small dog wearing a shirt next to a woman wearing high heals.", "A dog that is wearing a tee shirt."]
["a small dog and a big dog both on leashes", "a small dog attached to a leash behind a bigger dog", "A large and small dog interacting on a crowded sidewalk.", "a little dog standing behind a much bigger one ", "A brown dog on a leash following another dog."]
["The bottom view of people's body and a puppy on a leash.", "People stand in a circle wearing different types of shoes.", "A small dog sits at the feet of two women and two men.", "A dog with a shirt on sitting on the ground on a leash next to a man and a woman. ", "a number f people standing near one another "]
["A woman's shoes as she holds a dog on a leash with a shirt around its waist.", "A woman in high heels walking a dog on a leash.", "Little dog with clothes on sits next to a woman's heel", "A dog in a madonna shirt is sitting next to feet in high heels", "A brown and black dog sniffing the straps of stiletto heels."]
["A man in a black shirt holding a dog with its hand in the air.", "A man holding an adorable Chihuahua in his left hand.", "A man holds a small dog in a harness, smiling.", "a man standing outside holding a small dog", "A man holding a dog in a harness."]
["a man being goofy while brushing his teeth ", "A young man is brushing his teeth with a lot of foam on his face.", "A young man brushing his teeth with toothpaste all over his face.", "A young man with curly hair brushing his teeth.", "a man is biting down on something a making a face"]
["A mirror reflecting the image of a white kitchen oven.", "the mirror is showing a picture of the microwave in the kitchen", "A reflection of a kitchen microwave and cabinets.", "The reflection in the mirror shows a microwave on a kitchen cabinet.", "A reflection of a vase, a microwave and kitchen cabinets. "]
["Six people in a boat rowing on a body of water.", "A group of people are using a rowboat in the ocean", "A team of rowers row a canoe through a body of water.", "Six people on a boat rowing in the water.", "Several people are paddling a paddle boat on the lake."]
["A crowded subway train with standing room only available.", "a bunch of people are in a subway car", "People standing and sitting in a public transportation vehicle.", "A group of people riding on a subway train.", "A group of people who are standing on a train."]
["A man is walking while holding a racket on a tennis court.", "Someone is playing a game of tennis with racket in hand.", "A close up view of a lawn sprinkler with a man walking past in the background. ", "A close up of a tennis racket with a guy in the background.", "A man holding a tennis racket walks on a tennis court, with a gate as the main focus."]
["A man working on an intricate task while on a canoe in an everglade.", "A person is riding a boat through grassy water.", "A canoe is sitting in a swamp surrounded by greens.", "A man in a canoe, unhooks a fish.", "A man floating in a small boat on a river."]
["A woman wearing a coat, sitting down next to a table. ", "An elderly women who is sitting at a table.", "A woman sitting at a table on top of a chair.", "A woman sitting at a table while another woman is at a counter. ", "An older woman with white hair and glasses, seated at a dining room table and another person in the kitchen area."]
["A close up of a person's hand with a scissors cutting something wet.", "A hand opening a clam with a pair of scissors.", "A pair of scissors being used to clean a shrimp", "an image of a person splitting snails shell in half", "A close-up of someone shelling a shrimp with scissors."]
["A chef chops up ingredients in a pot of stew.", "A male chef making adjustments to food in a skillet.", "Chef cooking meal with scissors and tongs in hand", "A person standing over some pizza with some scissors.", "A man in white coat preparing a plate of food."]
["A view of a small kitchen with some amenities.", "a break room with a round table and chairs", "An office break room with a table sink and microwave.", "A room holds orange lockers, a white table with gray and yellow chairs and wood cabinets and a sink.", "An office break room with table, microwave, sink and lockers."]
["a kitchen that has a sink and a stove in it", "A kitchen iwth a sink and lots of counter to space.", "A lonely shot of a kitchen with sink and oven", "This is a kitchen inside of a mobile camper.", "A kitchen with a stove and sink under some windows."]
["a bunch of stuff is on a small table", "A tablein a kichen with dishes and a canister on it.", "this is an image of a kitchen table\n", "This is a kitchen table in an apartment.", "A table covered with dishes in a kitchen."]
["A man in a red shirt touches a faucet in a rustic building.", "A man standing next to a sink near a window.", "The man is working on a important prohject", "A man standing in a tool shed running water from a wooden sink.", "a man in red shirt and blue jeans with a ball cap standing work shied "]
["A metal sink with a cupboard of knives sitting on it. ", "A knife display case is sitting on a stainless steel counter in an industrial kitchen. ", "A cabinet is open with places marked for different knives.", "A kitchen has a display holding many knives.", "Group of black knifes sitting inside a wooden pantry."]
["A man holding a knife while standing over a sink.", "A man standing in a kitchen holding a knife.", "Male cook with knife and onion in front of a cutting board.", "A weird guy holding a large kitchen knife.", "A man with a knife in a kitchen next to the stove. "]
["A small one way road is filled with moving cars and pedestrians watch. ", "a couple of buses that are parked on a street", "Cars that are stopped in the traffic jam in the middle of town.", "Vehicle traffic moves below as people stand on the sidewalk.", "People, traffic and traffic cones in a busy area."]
["A woman putting items into a brown paper bag.", "A woman that is placing things into a brown paper bag.", "A person taking food out of a brown paper bag. ", "A woman is packing a take out order in a brown bag.", "A woman putting food into a paper sack "]
["a white counter a black oven a chair a light and a microwave", "A kitchen area with dove, microwave and dishwasher.", "A kitchen with a stove, microwave, spice rack, counters and dishwasher. ", "View of kitchen and study area, kitchen with tiled counter top and floor, oven and overhead microwave, spice rack, kettle, and in study area, wood floor, shelves, window, desk with desk lamp, and a padded, rolling office chair.", "A kitchen that has a black stove and black microwave in it."]
["A kitchen with a sink, bottles, jars and a dishwasher.", "A clean kitchen with hardwood floors and a large window over the sink.", "A kitchen area that has black counter tops.", "A nice kitchen has an window looking out to trees.", "a kitchen with brown cupboards and black counters "]
["a blue boat in the water and a factory and a dock", "a body of water with boats next to a factory area.", "Barges and boats along a water way showing a power plant.", "A few boats ride on the water by towers.", "Some boats in the water outside of some industrial buildings."]
["a man with some drink in hand stands in front of a counter ", "A man standing in a  kitchen next to a white refrigerator.", "A man in brown shirt standing in a kitchen.", "A person holding a bottle stands in a kitchen.", "A man in the kitchen holding a container of milk."]
["A chef in a kitchen preparing a meal.", "A cook stands at the counter with a cutting board and salad tongs in front of him.", "Chef talking to people seated at a bar in kitchen with various food items.", "A man in a kitchen preparing food with people sitting at the counter.", "A cook doing a demonstration of something in front of other people."]
["A stove top oven covered in pots and pans.", "A stovetop is covered in pots and pans.", "Black and white photo of a pot-filled stove in a kitchen", "a silver stove with some pots and pans on top and some cabinets", "A clean kitchen with stainless steel cabinets and a stove filled with pans."]
["A man preparing food in a restaurant kitchen. ", "A person is cooking in a large kitchen.", "A man sitting in a kitchen by a stove", "A cook tending to a number of items on a stove top.", "An old man working near a stove filled with many pots."]
["A kitchen with a center island next to a refrigerator freezer.", "A kitchen with woodwork cabinetry and pendant lights is displayed. ", "A luxury kitchen has golden oak cabinetry and flooring, stainless steel appliances and an isiand. ", "A large nice kitchen with an island ", "a bunch of wooden furniture in a home kitchen"]
["Modern espresso machine on counter in residential kitchen.", "There is a fancy high end coffee maker on a granite counter top.", "A mug is being filled with coffee near a cream container.", "A coffee maker sitting on top of a table.", "An espresso machine brewing fresh coffee and a toaster."]
["Man on bike on street corner with buildings and stoplight", "A street with two men standing next to a parked bicycle and a small wall and bushes and trees next to them.", "A couple of people that are standing in the street by a bike.", "Two people standing next to a bicycle on the side of the road.", "A couple of people standing by a bicycle and a traffic light."]
["A man standing in a kitchen next to a woman.", "two people standing in a big restaurant quality kitchen ", "A man and woman standing in a kitchen.", "a man and a woman in a kitchen a man in upron", "Two people standing around an island in a restaurant kitchen. "]
["A group of people sitting at a bar as a man prepares food.", "Four women watch on as a man cooks.", "a man standing behind a food counter cooking on a small stove top with a frying pan.", "A chef preparing food behind a counter with people sitting at the bar.", "a person in a kitchen with many people sitting on a table"]
["The kitchen sits empty and unused during the day.", "A cramped kitchen with a cluttered table and refrigerator.", "A kitchen with wood floors and a refrigerator.", "A kitchen filled with a stove top oven and microwave oven.", "A small white kitchen with a stove, refrigerator, table, and dishwasher."]
["a bunch of things are outside of a clean white home", "There is a blue bike leaning up against the wall.", "a bike that's leaning against a cement wall", "A bike sits up against a concrete wall", "A bike is leaning against a wall with a fence near the street."]
["A bicycle is parked near a body of water.", "A bike is sitting idly in front of the a boat traveling in the water. ", "Bicycle parked on grassy area near waterway on clear day.", "There are several bikes parked on the grass by a river", "A bicycle with saddle bags pared by lake with boats on it."]
["A bike parked next to a street in a city at night.", "A bicycle leaned up against a bench overlooking a river and city lights", "an image of a bike parked near a bench", "An unoccupied bicycle locked onto a park bench.", "A bike rests against a bench at night."]
["His and her bathroom sinks underneath a large mirror.", "A bathroom vanity with two sinks and a large mirror over it.", "Two sinks are shown on a bathroom counter.", "a bathroom with two sinks at the counter with a large mirror on top", "A BATHROOM WITH A SINK AND A MIRROR "]
["A white toilet sitting next to a window in a bathroom.", "The decorator bathroom maintains an antique white look.", "this bathroom has a very high sing the toilet is to the right.", "A bathroom with a large window with blinds.", "a bathroom with a toilet a sink and a window"]
["A group of people walking across a street near tall buildings.", "People standing outside of a building waiting for something.", "An apartment building with people standing in front of it at a traffic light.", "people standing on a sidewalk in front of a tall building.", "Four people are standing outside a large \"Sone\" building. "]
["A black and white cat is sitting on the bathroom sink.", "A black and white cat laying down in a bathroom sink with it's head up.", "A black cat laying on a bathroom sink.", "A black and white cat laying on white sink.", "Black and white cat resting on the edge of a sink"]
["The person is riding her bicycle down the road.", "A woman quickly rides her bike on a street.", "a woman is outside riding her bicycle down the street", "A stylized photo of a woman riding a bicycle in a city.", "A pretty young lady riding a bike across a street."]
["A white toilet sitting under a bathroom mirror.", "a black vanity top sink toilet and mirror", "a bathroom with a mirror sitting above a sink and toilet", "a bathroom with tiled floor and a toilet with sink in  it", "A white toilet and a sink in a room."]
["A bathroom with a toilet, shower stall and a mirror.", "A bathroom toilet next to a blue rug.", "The small bathroom has a shower, a toilet, and a blue shower mat.", "a tiled bathroom with a toilet and bath tub", "A bathroom has a toilet and bathtub with shower in it. "]
["some gray walls a toilet a dartboard and some pictures", "Interior of home with what looks like soap suds running on the floor.", "Interior of an artist decorated apartment with an open lavatory.", "A room that is painted silver including on the floor.", "A house has some strange silver stuff on the floor."]
["A bathroom toilet nestled in a cubby is turned into a room for darts.", "Unique photograph of the inside of a home with unique decorations", "A painting of an apartment with a kitchen and a restroom.", "A painting of a house showing the bathroom, kitchen and bedroom.", "A photo of a kitchen a with appliances an a bathroom with a toilet "]
["A chair sitting under a picture hanging on a  wall.", "this is an old apartment with a bike in it", "A couple of small rooms in a house.", "A room with a chair and pictures mounted on the wall. ", "A quaint toilet in a room with no door, a chair sitting outside of the area."]
["A picture of large glass door trimmed in white and a large beige structure beside it.", "A bathroom that has a mirror in it.", "a mirror with a brown frame and a white closet and door", "The mirror shows the reflection of the shower and the door.", "A large mirror sitting above a sink in a bathroom."]
["A toilet and bidet sit in a bathroom that is under construction.", "The floor and wall of the bathroom are coming apart.", "a demolished bathroom with two toilets and a window", "a torn apart bathroom with some toilets inside of it ", "Pair of commodes side by side in unfinished bathroom area."]
["a room showing a toilet and a sink", "A bathroom with a tub, sink and toilet", "A bathroom with a white toilet sitting next to a sink.", "A shower curtain is light brown in a bathroom.", "A white sink and toilet in a room."]
["A person walking down a walkway next to a tree.", "A person is walking toward a building with bikes parked in front of it.", "Building with a few people in front and a bike rack.", "The man with the red and black bookbag is walking toward the building.", "A brick walkway leading to a glass fronted building with bicycles out front. "]
["A charming country bathroom includes a hotel style wall hung blowdryer.", "The bathroom has a sink, toilet, and a shower. ", "A modern bathroom with all of the necessities.", "A bathroom with a white sink and a tub covered in a curtain.", "A bath room that looks to be part of a hotel"]
["there is a desk chair sitting by the door of a bathroom", "a brown chair  a towel a green tub and a bottle", "Towels are on the bathroom door near a chair.", "Brown chair with a doorway view of a room with a built in bathtub. ", "An office chair in an empty hallway next to a bathroom."]
["A modern day bathroom with a unusual sink", "An aqua colored tile floor in a bathroom", "A very modern looking bathroom with blue floor tiles.", "a bath room with drawers a toilet and a sink", "A bathroom with a blue tiled floor and a odd shapped toilet."]
["a jumbo jet sits parked in an airport ", "A large passenger jet sitting on top of an airport tarmac.", "An Air plane is parked at its station near other vehicles. ", "A commercial airplane at a jetway at an airport.", "A plane is shown with vehicles around it."]
["A bike leaning against a sign in Scotland.", "A bike in front of a scenic welcome sign. ", "a welcome to Scotland sign with a bicycle leaning on it", "Bicycle leaning up against a welcome to Scotland sign.", "A sign for a village in Scotland with a bicycle in front of it."]
["Black and white photo of two men riding bikes.", "Two men are bicycling down a dirt road next to the woods. ", "A couple of people on some bikes riding.", "Two people that are riding bikes on a path.", "Two people riding on bicycles near a row of trees. "]
["Inside a restroom stall, a rag floats in the toilet water.", "Blue piece of cloth inside a toilet with the lid up.", "An umbrella appears to have been substituted for a plunger.", "Blue fabric is in a toilet bowl with the lid up.", "A purple rag laying in a toilet bowl."]
["A man riding a bike on a dirt path through a forest.", "Bicyclist raises his fist as he rides on desert dirt trail.", "This dirt bike rider is smiling and raising his fist in triumph.", "A man riding a bicycle while pumping his fist in the air.", "A mountain biker pumps his fist in celebration."]
["A bicycle is on the shelf in a display", "a small bicycle on a shelf display case ", "A bicycle parked next to a motor scooter.", "A bicycle is sitting on a shelf in a store.", "Some bicycles and motorcycles are being displayed on a shelf."]
["Group of people standing outside of a green bus.", "Retro photograph of young people on a camping holiday", "An old bus being loaded with luggages as people with bicycles looks on", "A group of people and bicycles sitting next to a bus.", "A group of people working on securing luggage on a bus."]
["Several people standing around with a green bus along the road.", "A lot of people that are by a bus.", "an image of a green bus parked near a recreational center", "A Green Tortoise bus with a man putting on bicycle on top and others waiting on the side.", "There are men loading a Green Tortoise bus."]
["The small street is crowded with small shops.", "A city street filled with pedestrian and vehicle traffic.", "A woman is shopping down an empty street. ", "some people are walking around a tight street", "a street with people walking next to a bunch of buildings"]
["A picture of a person talking on a phone. ", "A young man is on a bicycle talking on a phone.", "A person talking on a phone behind a bicycle near a woman sitting down.", "A man with yellow bicycle on bus talking on his phone.", "A man on a bicycle leaning on a wall talking on a cell phone."]
["a car moving on the street an ad bike parked outside", "A back alley street with a car driving down it.", "A car driving down a small street surrounded by buildings.", "A car is going down a dim alley between buildings.", "A car and bike on a city street."]
["A man with a grey shirt and black jacket takes a picture of his bathroom while standing in the mirror.", "A man takes a picture of an empty bathroom. ", "A man standing outside a bathroom taking a picture of himself in the mirror.", "A person is seen in a bathroom mirror, taking a picture of the bathroom.", "Small white bathroom with marble counter tops on the sink. "]
["A sidewalk lined with parked cars next to tall buildings.", "A bloack and white photo of a car lined street", "A classic image of a city with cars parked on the street. ", "The street is lined with parked old time cars.", "A black and white photo of a street with many cars parked on the side."]
["A flat screen TV sitting on top of a step in a bathroom.", "A large bathroom with a sunken brown tub", "a bathroom with a built in bathtub and walls painted red", "A very large carpeted bathroom with a step in tub.", "The very large, spceous bathroom has carpet and a jacuzzi."]
["A view of a mirror with a stop sign, in the back.", "The reflection of a stop sign and road sign in a car's side-view mirror.", "The city is reflected in the silver of the box.", "A stop sign is reflected in the chrome exterior coating of a car's side mirror.  ", "a car mirror reflecting a stop sign in it"]
["Two parking meters on a city street. ", "A parking meter sitting next to a parking lot at night.", "Two parking meters across the street from a parking lot", "A parking meter on the side of a road at night.", "A coin meter outside at a parking lot."]
["an old photo of a castle at the end of the street", "Cars line the edge of the streets by a sidewalk.", "A black-and-white photo of an old street scene with cars parked along the road.", "A street view of a city with several cars and buildings present", "Cars parked on the side of a sidewalk."]
["Black and white photograph of cars parked along a curb in the city", "THERE IS A LOT OF CARS PARKED ALONG SIDE THE CURB ", "Cars are shown parked along a street, in a vintage photograph.", "cars parked on a city street with buildings in the background", "A black-and-white photo of a street scene with old cars parked along the road. "]
["A white expensive car parked on top of a cement slab.", "A car sitting in the middle of the grass in the rain.", "A group of people with umbrellas standing around a white car.", "some people holding umbrellas and  standing by a car in the rain", "A group of people holding umbrellas stand near a car."]
["Two birds sit on top of a parked car.", "Two birds are standing on top of the front of an automobile.", "Two white birds standing on the hood of a vehicle.", "two doves sit on the windshield of a car", "Two white birds perched of the windshield and hood of a car"]
["A cat that is laying down underneath a car.", "An orange cat sitting behind a silver vehicle.", "A cat is sitting behind the tire of a truck.", "a cat sits down under neath a car ", "A cat sits underneath a vehicle in a parking lot."]
["A dog sticking it's nose out of a crack in a window.", "A dogs nose peeking through a window opening.", "A dog looks out a window with his nose poking out a little.", "A beagle is poking its nose out through a slightly open sliding glass door. ", "A very cute dog sticking its nose out a window."]
["a taillight is in a rear view mirror and some cars", "Side mirror of bus headlight on car in traffic with grassy median", "a rear view window with a truck reflected in the mirror", "There are many cars in the reflection of a side view mirror of a car. ", "A reflection is seen in a cars rearview mirror."]
["Some animals are attacking a white car in the middle of nowhere. ", "A group of animals surround a small car.", "A road through countryside with cow around a car to side of the road and cows in grass, with a few houses in the distance and hills.", "A gathering of cows are crowding around a car on the side of the road.", "A white car parked by the side of the road with a bunch of cows around it"]
["A man wearing a blue bow tie and a fedora hat in a car. ", "A man takes a photo of himself wearing a bowtie and hat", "A man with a bow tie sits in a car with a hat on his head.", "a man in a gray and blur hat with a blue shirt and bowtie", "A man wearing a blue shirt, bow tie and a fedora hat."]
["A smiling man in a hat sitting in a car.", "A smiling man wearing a hat and a bow tie.", "an older man in a hat and bowtie in his car", "A man in bow tie and fedora in a car.", "A man sits in a car with a hat and tie on."]
["A smiling man in a nice hat in a car.", "A man sitting in the drivers seat of a car near a window.", "The man in the vehicle is wearing a hat and bow tie. ", "A man taking a selfie with a bow-tie in a car.", "The man is posing wearing a hat and a bow tie. "]
["a large plane is coming in to land near a big balloon man", "A large blow up man is shown in a field.", "A airplane that is flying over a group of people.", "An inflatable balloon tied to ground surrounded by cars.", "A large balloon man is near a flying airplane."]
["A classic car parked next to a large metal Canadian airplane.", "A vintage black car parked in front of a steel fighter jet.", "A OLD CAR AND AIR PLANE IS SIDE BY SIDE", "an old carr next to an old air plane", "An antique car is parked next to a very old airplane."]
["A busy city street filled with cars at night", "Large bus with a busy intersection in front of it.", "the road is filled with lots of cars and busses", "a bunch of traffic clutter a city street ", "A busy street with several cars and buses driving on it."]
["The van is driving down the street in traffic.", "a van driving down a cracked street ", "A small cream colored van driving down a small city street.", "A small passenger van traveling down a street with traffic following.", "a tan van traveling down a road next to a sidewalk."]
["A toilet that is outside next to a fence.", "There is a toilet sitting outside on the sidewalk in front of a fence.", "A toilet sitting beside a parking meter station", "a toilet sitting outside next to a fence ", "a toilet sitting on a sidewalk next to a pole."]
["A blue and white VW bus driving down a street.", "A very nice looking old style van on the road.", "An old van being drove in a parking lot with a surfboard on top of it. ", "a mini van with a surfboard on top driving along a road ", "a van with a surfboard on the roof is driving"]
["A dirty toilet that is in a bathroom.", "A dirty toilet sets in a small dirty room..", "A dirty toilet in a dirty bathroom with dirty pipes.", "A dirty toilet, badly stained, next to some pipes and a cup next to it.", "a dirty toilet in a small pink bathroom"]
["A motor bike parked in front of a building with a cover on it ", "Motorcycle wrapped in cover in front of an apartment.", "Acorss the street there are bags in front of a house", "A motorcycle, wrapped in plastic, is parked on the street. ", "A motorcycle is parked next to a stop sign in front of a house."]
["The black cat is laying on top of books on the shelf. ", "The cat is lying on top of the books on the shelf.", "A cat is lying on top of books on the bookshelf.", "A cat lays down on a row of books", "A black cat laying on top of a set of books."]
["A bathroom with urinals that have graffiti above them", "There are three urinals and a toilet in the bathroom", "A graffiti filled restroom with three urinals and a toilet.", "A series of urinals on a graffiti covered wall.", "Three urinals and another toilet in a bathroom"]
["Five men pose for a photo as they sit on their motorcycles", "A group of men on motor bikes on the road.", "A group of guys sit on top of their motorcycles.", "Antique black and white photograph of boys on their motor cycles", "A group of men who are on some motorcycles."]
["A toilet is outside on the sidewalk by a door.", "A toilet sits on a sidewalk next to a door.", "An uneven floor with a toilet in a house", "An abandoned toilet left outside of a pink door.", "A toilet sits outside on slanted cement near a doorway."]
["The show girl is posing on a blue motorcycle on display. ", "A woman sitting on top of a purple motorcycle.", "A woman in a skirt sitting on a motorcycle.", "A woman sitting on a motorcycle with people in the background. ", "A girl is posing on a bright blue motorcycle."]
["A small green car has a plaque with writing in front of it. ", "Museum with various cars and motorcycles on display", "A two-tone green unusual car at an automobile show.", "The car has two different shades on green on it ", "Specialty box car on display in car museum."]
["A toilet with the seat open sitting in a bathroom. ", "A square shaped toilet and a wall urinal in a bathroom.", "Square white toilet and urinal in a men's bathroom.", "a small toilet with a square lid and low to the floor", "An open toilet seat next to a urinal. "]
["a close up ofa clock with statues of people ", "A clock that uses roman numerals for the numbers.", "A teal colored clock with little men on top. ", "A old green clock tower with solider figurines on it.", "a large blue clock is hanging up outside"]
["A room filled with bathroom sinks and bath tubs.", "A group of bathroom fixtures inside a warehouse", "A variety of bathroom fixtures sit in a storage area.", "A warehouse for bathroom items like sinks, tubs, and toilets. ", "A toilet bowl sitting in a bathtub at a warehouse."]
["A store room holds sinks, bathtubs and toilets", "A show room of bathroom appliances are strewn around.", "A white toilet and a sink in a room.", "A warehouse filled with toilets, sinks and tubs.", "many toilets bath rooms and sinks on display "]
["A photo of an old building with focus on the clock tower.", "A blue and yellow clock on the side of an old brick building.", "There is a large blue clock on the front of the church.", "A giant clock mounted to the side of a tall building.", "a building with a bright blue clock  on top of it "]
["A black toilet sitting next to a white bath tub.", "A bathroom with a black toilet and wooden floors. ", "A bathroom has pink tiles and a black toilet.", "The bath tub and toilet in this bathroom are black.", "a black toilet in a wood floored bathroom"]
["A tall brick clock tower sitting under a blue cloudy sky.", "A clock tower is pictured against a clear, blue sky.", "An upward angle of a stone clock tower in day.", "A stone building with a clock on it.", "A brick clock tower towering into a blue sky."]
["A large cathedral with a massive tower in front of a street.", "A gothic style of church and architectural buildings on a street.", "an  image of an old town city with old cars", "A vintage photograph of a street in Europe. ", "A black and white photo of a city with old cars on it."]
["An old black and white photo of a city street with a large cathedral on the right hand side. ", "A black and white photograph of a city street scene.", "A vintage photograph of a man walking across the street.", "A man walking past a parked car onto a street.", "A man stepping off the curb on a busy street lined with parked cars. "]
["A man is riding a motorcycle in a race.", "A person on a motorcycle riding beside hay bales.", "A man that is sitting on a motorcycle in the street.", "A motorcyclist proceeds down the track by some bales.  ", "A person is riding a red, white, and blue motorcycle."]
["Unique looking Modern Outdoor Public restroom on a sidewalk.", "A green public toilet enclosure on a sidewalk.", "A public bathroom sits outside next to the street.", "A public restroom facility on the side walk.", "An outside toilet in a different country from the US."]
["two lines of motorcycles driving down the road while a crowd watches", "A lot of spectators  watch a motorcade on Washington D.C. ", "A street full of people parading down the road.", "A parade of motorcycles in front of a national monument", "Several people are lining the streets watching a parade."]
["Two men are moving and speaking in a park.", "the person is riding a skateboard on the road", "Two men talking, one on a scooter and one on a skateboard.", "The woman on the bench was near the boy on the skateboard.", "A man on a skateboard talks with a man on a scooter next to a river."]
["A sign sitting above a store front entrance.", "a small asian surfshop below someones living space", "a Japanese store with a decorative surfboard and Japanese sign with palm trees and tropical flowers", "A shop that appears to be related to surfing in some way.", "A store front with a brightly colored sign in another language."]
["A model standing next to a scooter in the middle of a room of people", "A model posing next to a motorbike at a motorcycle show.", "A young woman standing next to a dirt bike at an automobile event.", "A girl that is standing next to a motorcycle.", "a women that is standing next to a motorcycle"]
["A bowl of cereal with milk, bananas, raspberries and blueberries.", "Cereal flakes with fresh fruit in a bowl with milk.", "A bowl of whole wheat flake cereal with bananas, raspberries and blueberries.", "Berries, sliced, bananas, milk, and cereal fill the bowl.", "A wooden table with a bowl of fruit and cereal."]
["A picture of someone's desk that has a lot of stuff on it.", "Several sets of computers are set up in a cubicle.", "A computer with several monitors is seen on this desk.", "An office with a computer and other items sitting on a desk.", "Cubicle desk with computer and various items on desk."]
["a computer is on a desk next to a lamp", "A desk lamp by a monitor propped on a box.", "A desk that has a desk lamp on and the light casting down on a coffee mug that is next to a desktop computer.", "A desktop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "A desk with a computer, stereo and lamp sitting on it."]
["Many people are gathered to watch a motorcycle race.", "A large grouo of people riding on a bunch of motorcycles.", "A group of bikers riding down the middle of a street.", "This is a gathering of bikers and people standing around.", "Large crowd filled street watching a motorcycle parade pass."]
["a man riding a dirt bike in the sand", "Motocross rider topping a slope on a messy beach front course.", "a man riding a dirtbike on the beach", "The dirt bike throws up sand while riding on a beach.", "A man riding a dirt bike on top of a sandy beach."]
["A bunch of bananas sitting on top of a tiled floor.", "There is a bunch of bananas left by the water bottle.", "A bunch of bananas laying on a tiled counter.", "some yellow bananas with little blue stickers on them", "Four ripe bananas on a tile counter top."]
["A youth wearing a yellow hat is rowing a boat down the stream.", "Man with sunglasses and hat looks out of his boat.", "A man in a bright yellow hat rowing a boat in the water.", "A man with a yellow hat on steering a boat.", "a close up of a person in a row boat"]
["An ornate vase with a handle sitting on a table.", "a black gold and white vase sitting on a counter", "There is a small and decorative urn pitcher", "A black and gold antique looking vase or pitcher is sitting on a ledge.  ", "A ceramic piece of art is seated on the table in a room "]
["A photo of a dining venue outside complete with tables, chairs and umbrellas.", "Tables and chairs in a patio area to eat.", "A patio filled with white tables and chairs covered with umbrellas.", "outdoor patio for guest seating at a restaurant", "An empty dining area features round tables with several umbrellas and red and green backed chairs."]
["A guy rides a bike in a race and has fun", "A person riding a motorbike on a road.", "A man riding on the back of a red and silver motorcycle.", "A motorcycle racer rides past a hay divider.", "A person rides a motorcycle down a track near hay bales. "]
["A person riding a baby blue motorcycle near haystacks\n", "A person who is sitting on a motorcycle.", "A man on a motorcycle with matching motorcycle gear.", "a man is riding a very blue motorcycle", "a man is riding a blue motorcycle outside"]
["several motorcycles are parked next to each other", "a couple of motorcycles are parked together outside", "a photo of a large group of motor cycles", "A bunch of motorcycles is parked in a lot.", " A motorcycle sitting on the tar, with other bikes behind it."]
["A row of parked motorcycles sitting next to a white double decker bus.", "Some motorcycles are parked together outside next to a bus", "A young girl stands in front of four motorcycles and a white trolley.", "a girl standing next to some motorcycles ", "A boy standing next to motor bikes with buses behind him"]
["A plane has its wings folded up towards the body.", "A blue and yellow plane with folding wings on a runway.", "The older airplane is about ready to take off from the runway. ", "Plane parked out on the runway with it's wings folded up", "A prop plane with is movable wings folded up parked on a runway."]
["A small airplane getting ready to take off in field ", "A plane is parked in the grass near concrete ground.", "And older airplane with a pilot inside of it.", "Old WWII propeller airplane sitting on an airport runway. ", "A plane sitting on a field next to a runway."]
["A military jet with a bomb on the runway.", "A jet fighter sitting on top of an airport runway.", "A jet airplane getting ready for take off. ", "A jet that is sitting on a runway near the grass.", "A pilot in a jet taking off of a runway."]
["A large jetliner sitting on top of an airport tarmac.", "An airplane being fueled and serviced at an airport.", "A large fuel truck next to a big air plane.", "a airplane on a runway with other trucks around", "Refueling truck near commercial airliner on tarmac on cloudy day."]
["A large truck drives up to an airplane.", "A AIR PLANE PARKED ON THE TARP WITH A SERVICE TRUCK NEXT TO IT ", "A fuel truck is parked next to an airplane.", "A plane on a runway with a fuel truck", "A fuel truck pulls up next to a jumbo jet."]
["a white plane sits on a tarmac near a row of parked cars", "a large plane is sitting the runway with other cars", "A airplane that is outside on a terminal.", "A large commercial plane parked near some vehicles.", "A airport runway with a large plane and cars parked on one side."]
["A multicolored kite against a blue sky with clouds.", "The large kite is made of colorful fabric.", "A multicolored kite with string flying in the sky.", "A small colorful kite captured while in flight.", "A kite flying in the sky under a blue cloudy sky."]
["This airplane is taking off in the air near other airplanes.", "A close-up of a propeller plane a few feet off the ground.", "A large plane with engines on it's wings is landing.", "A small black airplane takes off from the runway.", "A black and white fighter plane flying over a grassy area."]
["a couple of helicopters are in the sky", "Three helicopters are flying through the clouded sky. ", "There are three helicopters flying through the air.", "a number of helicopters flying near one another ", "A group of three helicopters flying under a cloudy guy."]
["A very large get liner flying in the sky.", "THERE IS AN AIRPLANE THAT IS FLYING IN THE SKY ", "An white airplane with logo is flying overhead.", "This is the under view of an airplane flying in the sky. ", "A large plane with a clover on it, flying in the sky."]
["A large jet flying through a gray sky with four engines.", "A large gray airplane flying in the sky. ", "A large plane is flying through the air", "The very large cargo plane has four turbine engines.", "A large cargo jet flying through the sky."]
["The sleek fighter jet is flying sideways through the air. ", "A fighter jet in the air against a white sky.", "A jet that is flying in the sky.", "a close up of a jet flying thru the sky", "A fighter plant performing manueverin in the air"]
["A sleek gray plane flying through a cloudy sky.", "A large jet plane that is flying in the air.", "The humongous wings of the plane have eight engines on them.", "An Air plane is traveling high in the air. ", "a huge white airplane is flying through the sky"]
["A man sits on a bench in a no smoking area", "A man sits and waits on a bench by a no smoking sign", "A person with a back pack sitting alone on a bench.", "A man sitting on a bench with his backpack next to him.", "A person sitting on as bench with a backpack."]
["a small air plane on a run way", "A small airplane sitting on the ground behind a fenc", "The water plane is ready for its next flight.", "A plane equipped for water landing sits on a runway.", "A plane that can also land in water is behind a chain-link fence."]
["A random plane in the sky flying alone", "An airplane flying high in the blue sky. ", "A silver color jet flying through the clear sky.", "An airplane with the letters 'MT' on it, flying in the sky.", "A very large plane is flying through the sky."]
["A downtown area of a city with buildings and billboards. ", "an old building in a asian country with a billboard", "A tall building is topped with a billboard and beside a smaller market place.", "Billboard on a commercial street corner in an oriental city", "A picture of a tall building by a street."]
["A woman and two men sitting on a bench in front of a store.", "A vintage photo of some people sitting in an old west town.", "Historic picture of a woman and two men outside of a post office", "three people are stilling on a bench in a town", " A black and white photo of two men and a lady sitting on a bench"]
["Traffic on a busy city street at night.", "Night scene of cars sitting at the traffic light.", "A car driving down a street late at night.", "A car stopped at a red light in the rain", "A red traffic light with the back of car showing as it sits there."]
["A gas station and a traffic light. ", "A CITGO station is shown at the corner of the street.", "a store on a corner of a busy street", "Gas prices remain between $3 and $4 per gallon.", "A picture of a stoplight and a gas station."]
["A woman walking a dog down a street.", "there is a woman walking her dog in the street at night time", "A woman is walking her dog and has stopped at a corner and is looking at all the lights and buildings.", "A woman is standing near the road with a dog on a leash.", "A woman and her dog walking across the street at night."]
["A small airplane flying over a field filled with people.", "A group of people and cars gather in front of a small airstrip as an aircraft prepares for landing. ", "A line of cars and people near a flying airplane.", "A small air craft is heading in for landing.", "A small plane landing on a runway in a field."]
["Cityscape of a train stopping traffic on a street", "A candid scene of a busy city street.", "Cars are waiting for a train to pass in a city intersection.", "A train is stopping cars from passing in a busy intersection.", "a group of people waiting for the train to go by"]
["A corner of street with a building showing a bowling pin.", "front of a bowling alley with Asian characters written on the sign", "A rundown looking bowling alley somewhere in Asia. ", "a traffic light next to a street sign", "An old city building is by a pink sky."]
["A cat on a city street with people.", "A car drives under a red Asian archway.", "A car is passing under an Asian styled red arch", "The arches in an Asian city are painted bright red.", "An intersection shows  an expanse of empty road and then a car coming out from under a large arch that looks like a giant Chinese letter and stands between two buildings that stand at the forefront of am open walled walkway and retail venues. "]
["A man sitting on top of a bench near some pigeons.", "a person sitting on a bench and feeding birds ", "A man sitting on a bench surrounded by birds", "a man sits on a park bench surrounded by pidgeons", "A man on a bench is covered with birds."]
["A plane is on display near the water.", "An old propeller airplane is displayed near the water.", "A large plane that is sitting on a runway surrounded by trees.", "A large airplane sitting on top of an airfield.", "a plane starting to fly away from the runway"]
["A couple of giraffe standing around a tree.", "A group of animals are walking around in a zoo.", "Several giraffe near a tree in a fenced area.", "two giraffe stanidng in sand next to a bare tree", "Giraffes are standing in the dirt under a tree. "]
["A dog approaches two sheep in front of onlookers.", "A black and white dog standing in front of two sheep.", "A  group of sheep with a dog in an arena", "Two lambs in a fenced in area with a dog.", "A sheepdog prepares to guide a sheep into a corral."]
["A van driving down a street past tall buildings.", "this is a bus on a road with a big building ", "a small passenger bus going down the road next to some buildings ", "A small bus is stopped at a traffic light.", "A green and white bus turning the corner. ", "A small bus sits under a traffic light"]
["many people walking into an opened air plane", "A group of people boarding a heliocopter with bags. ", "A group of people boarding an open bomber airplane.", "People walk up a ramp to a large cargo aircraft.", "A large group of people take a tour of a cargo plane."]
["A beautiful woman in a red dress sitting on a bench next to a blue train.", "A woman in a dress sitting on the dock", "A person that is sitting down on a bench.", "There is a woman sitting on the side of a dock", "Woman in a pretty red dress seated in front of a large boat."]
["A group of people sitting on benches having lunch together at a curbside garden area.", "people are sitting on a bench together outside", "People sitting on benches at a bus stop at a city street.", "A group of people sitting on park benching together eating. ", "some people are sitting in a tiny park"]
["An iguana and an egret are on the edge of a body of water.", "A tall bird stands in green water near a peeling park bench.", "A white bird walking on top of a pond of water.", "A bench next to a small pond with a white bird standing in the water.", "An old bench sits beside a pond where a goose is wading."]
["Two birds sitting on top of a wooden table near tinfoil.", "There is a picture of an outside territory.\n", "Two birds are standing beside a ball of tin foil.", "two birds sitting on a wood table eating out of aluminum foil ", "two brown white and black birds and some tin foil"]
["A small red airplane on the runway at the airport. ", "A red helicopter is in the process of landing.", "A small red airplane sitting on top of an airport runway.", "A red plane is going down the track.", "A red prop plane taxiing down a runway."]
["A airplane that is flying in the sky.", "a large air plane in the air ", "A close shot of a plane flying in the air. ", "a silver plane flies through a cloudy sky", "The view from under a plane that is taking off."]
["A airplane is taking off near a grassy area.", "a large air plane taking off from an air port run way", "A gray airplane with metal petals on the wings takes off from an airport.", "A military airplane climbing as he takes off from the runway.", "A gray airplane with four propellers taking off."]
["A blue airplane with a propeller is sitting on a runway.", "A small blue plane sitting on a tarmac.", "A late-30's blue biplane sits on a runway", "A small blue airplane is parked on the runway.", "A small blue plane parked on the tarmac."]
["A bench sitting in front of a lush green hillside.", "Park bench sitting in front of a grassy hill on a trail. ", "A wooden bench with a carving in the woods", "The wooden chair is next to a steep grassy hill.", "A metal bench sits on a path in the forest."]
["A man walking his dog past a park bench.", "In the park there is a man walking his dogs.", "A man is walking his dog through a park area.", "A very shady park bench under some trees.", "A man walking down a road next to a bench."]
["A plane parked on the tarmac with with a connection for loading attached to it.", "The large body air craft is at the gate.", "A large Delta airplane sits on the runway.", "a jet airplane sitting stationary in the airport", "A jetliner sitting on top of an airport runway."]
["A large white airplane in a stationary position.", "A couple of planes is standing in front of the airport station window.", "The jumbo jets are parked on the airport tarmac.", "The airplanes are landing in the landing area,", "Virgin Ameican Airline planes with passenger boarding bridges attached."]
["A bus parked in front of a building net to a traffic light.", "A bus is parked outside by a building and a traffic light.", "A black and white picture of a building", "A bus is parked on the corner beside a large stone building.", "A black and white photo of a corner building."]
["A traffic light next to a very tall building near a street.", "A red traffic light at the corner of a street.", "A traffic light lit red in front of some tall buildings.", "A close up of a street light on a street corner.", "Multiple street lights sitting on the same street post. "]
["A zebra walking inside of its pen, with its back to the camera.", "A zebra in a cage looking at a fence.", "The zebra is standing near to the tree. ", "THIS IS A PHOTO OF A ZEBRA AND I THINK HE IS RUNNING", "A zebra standing in the grass near a tree."]
["A bench next to a stone wall and a dirt road.", "there is an old run down bench by an old fence", "An abandoned  cement area with a bench ", "A neglected skate park has weeds and empty benches.", "An abandoned area with a concrete bench and grass growing in the cracks."]
["two giraffes near one another near many trees ", "A dark picture of two giraffes standing together", "a couple of giraffes are standing in a field", "A couple of giraffes standing in the shade in an enclosure.", "two giraffes in a shaded area and one in the distance"]
["Picnic tables on a patio covered in snow.", "Picnic benches covered in snow on a snowy hillside", "A snowy restaurant patio full of snow-covered tables.", "A group of picnic benches covered in white snow.", "Snow covered picnic benches overlooking a parking lot."]
["The blue bus is riding across the street.", "A bus in on the street in front of a large brick building.", "The public bus is driving past an ornate building.", "A large city bus on a street in front of a large building.", "A colorful bus makes its way down the street past a castle like building."]
["A pedestrian crossing light in front of an irish store.", "A stoplight display a do not walk sign with a countdown timer.", "A traffic light atop a post in a business district.", "A traffic light near a store front. ", "A traffic light in front of some business signs."]
["A cross walk with pedestrians and a delivery truck.", "People walking along the streets while people conduct business. ", "A city scene with a parked panel truck and people walking on the street.", "A crowd of people walk around a street corner.", "People walk around on a busy street. "]
["Benches side by side in a park ", "a couple of benches are in a fenced in area", "Two steel park benches by the side of a cemetery path.", "A black bench sitting next to a  tree surrounded by bushes.", "Several benches sitting on the edge of a walkway."]
["A geisha girl entering a hotel bus at the airport", "a blue and gray bus and a woman and buildings", "A woman that is standing near a bus.", "A woman in a kimono is getting on a bus.", "there is a woman standing by a trains window"]
["a public transit bus on a city street", "A city bus approaches an intersection on a rainy day", "a bus in the misty rain heading toward two streets", "it is raining out and there is a bus at a bus stop", "A bus driving through a rain soaked street."]
["Father and son wait on their bicycle at a traffic light.", "Street level view of young people at a traffic light on some type of small motorcycle", "A man riding a motorcycle with a young child sitting on the back of it.", "A child is sitting a motorcycle behind a man who is standing.", "A person rides a bicycle with a young person on the back. "]
["there are many giraffes that are seen here", "A group of giraffes stand together by a fence.", "a couple of giraffes standing next to each other ", "three large giraffe standing in a field next to a barn", "Three giraffes gather. Y the fence in order to reach the taller trees"]
["An assortment of vehicles drive down a street filled with stores.", "A street filled with traffic and tall buildings on either side of it.", "Motorbikes and other vehicles move along a one-way city street.", "A one way street with cars, buses, trucks and motorcycles riding on it and parked.", "Many cars and buses drive on a busy street."]
["A bus stop that has buses under cover.", "A BUS TERMINAL  WITH MANY BUSES WAITING FOR PASSENGERS", "a public transit bus on a city street ", "a few cars parked next to some buildings", "A parking lot of a train terminal on a cloudy day."]
["A herd of animals grazing on the side of a green hill.", "There is a flock of sheep grazing on the side of the hill.", "A huge herd of animals grazing on a very expansive grassland.", "A very large group of animals in a field.", "Black and white sheep graze on a grassy hill."]
["A parking lot filled with large passenger buses.", "An overview picture of several buses parked in a lot on a foggy day ", "Rows of buses lined up in a parking lot on a misty day", "A parking lot with different color and sized buses all parked in spaces, and buildings in the background.", "Fog hovers over a bus terminal parking lot."]
["A couple of cops walking towards a double decker bus.", "several people wearing yellow coats standing around a car and a bus", "A double decker bus full of Dublin Civil Defence people ", "there are many police men walking towards a public bus", "A double decker bus parked by a building with a number of officials nearby."]
["A wooden bench in front of some trees.", "A wooden bench on a stone path with a green foliage background.", "A bench sits in a shady area near a fountain. ", "A park bench that's really a sprinkler waiting to catch people unawares.", "A park bench put in the sprinkler area of the park"]
["a wood bench is sitting near a pole", "An empty park bench sits next to a desert.  ", "The empty bench sits at the end of the platform.", "A bench on a sidewalk in the middle of a field of dirt.", "A bench, a street light and a fire hydrant in the middle of nowhere."]
["a scene of old cars possibly from the nineteen fifties and an old fire hydrant  ", "A fire hydrant sitting on top of a sidewalk.", "A black and white photo of a street with a few cars on it.", "Several cars are driving down the road next to each other.", "This is an old town from the 1950 's. "]
["A couch sitting next to a white fire hydrant.", "A couch and fire hydrant are on a street curb.", "A purple floral couch sits on a curb next to a white fire hydrant.", "A water hydrant and couch on a roadside  near some houses ", "An old couch without cushions sitting outside near the street"]
["A policeman, cameraman, and reporter stand near a police checkpoint.", "Policemen and reporters standing on the corner and in the street", "A bunch of police officers on a city street corner,", "A street corner with several police officers standing", "Camera men are filming a woman standing by the street."]
["A stop sign and fire hydrant on the side of the road.", "A fire hydrant, grass and a traffic sign near the curb. ", "black and white scene with fire hydrant and large homes", "The stop sign is near a fire hydrant on the neighborhood street.", "A stop sign that is sitting in the grass."]
["a bunch of cars parked on the side of a street", "The old cars are parked along the sidewalk in the black and white photo. ", "An old photograph of a city street lined with cars.", "A city street with automobiles from the 1950's parked on the sides.", "An old fashioned oxitue worth old cars on street of town"]
["A city street lined with vintage cars and pedestrians.", "A black and white scene of an old street.", "Many cars are parked on the busy street.", "A person walking down the sidewalk and several cars parked next to parking meters. ", "An old black and white picture has old cars."]
["A dog tied to a white fire hydrant on a sidewalk.", "a dog laying down next to the fire hydrant he's tied up to", "A dog tied to a fire hydrant at night.", "a white fire hydrant a brown black and white dog", "a dog is tied up to a fire hydrant"]
["A bus and a tram pass each other on a city street", "This is a street with a couple colorful busses on it ", "A trolley sits at a trolley stop next to a bus. ", "A bus driving down a street past another bus.", "A street car and a bus going in opposite directions on the street "]
["Antique black and white photograph of people walking by large stone buildings", "People walking on a sidewalk near a car parked on a street that runs past several buildings.", "a vintage photo of a street with a car parked ", "an old black and white photo of a car parked on a city street", "People are walking down the street past a car."]
["Cars and buildings line the urban streets of the past", "A row of classic American cars parked on a street next to a fire hydrant.", "Old cars are lined up on the street while three billboards take the lead.", "Historical photo of a city street with a church and old cars.", "A street scene from the 1930s, with classic cars parked along the street."]
["A yellow fire hydrant sitting next to a manhole with steam pouring out of it.", "Steam rises from a sewer cover on the road in the evening.", "Steam is rising out of a street manhole. ", "Steam rising from a manhole cover in the middle of a street with a yellow fire hydrant in the background.", "Steam emanates from a manhole cover in the middle of a street."]
["Old cars are parked on the street in a city.", "An old road photographed in black and white", "A car parked outside of a small park.", "A nostalgic parked car in an upscale neighborhood.", "An old time car riding down a street in a city."]
["A sign sitting next to a sidewalk with a garbage can, traffic cone, and several fire hydrants on it.", "A group of different colored fire hydrants sit next to a border garden.", "A walking area with lamppost, trashcan and directory.", "A sidewalk with a light pole and a trash can.", "The garbage can and fire hydrants are in the park."]
["A brown park bench next to signs reading \"wildwood\" and \"danger.\"", "A brown bench sitting next to a forest.", "a wooden bench with plant life all around", "an image of a bench that is set out at the park", "a wooden bench on a small tiled paved area next to shrubbery and grass."]
["two pay telescopes are on a deck looking out to the ocean. ", "The docks by the water are free from people this time of day. ", "There are several blue things on the deck beside the water.", "Two coin operated telescopes on a wooden pier at the beach", "Some telescopes are on a pier by the ocean."]
["A herd of sheep standing on a grass covered hillside.", "some sheep are standing way off in a field", "A flock of sheep grazing in a pasture bordered by a stone wall.", "this is a herd of goats in a grassy field", "Some sheep are seen at the far end of the field."]
["A monument of a lion that is in a wall.", "A stone lion face with a word written underneath.", "A lions head and word on a brick wall", "Decorative brick wall with a carved stone lion head and the inscription \"BUT\".", "a statue of a lion face attached to a brick wall"]
["A steel bench sitting next to a wall.", "A silver bench has a sign above it.", "A metal bench against a wall with a sign on it", "The metal bench is underneath a sign showing directions.", "An empty bench at a transportation station, train or airport setting."]
["a jacket sits on a bench in a park", "A black and white photograph of an abandoned jacket sitting on a bench.", "A white coat on a bench on paver stones.", "A coat is on a metal and wood bench.", "A coat seems to stand on a park bench"]
["An old wooden bench sitting under a tree on a field.", "Wooden bench sitting in the grass  under a tree.", "a tree that has a small bench in front of it", "A wooden bench sitting in the grass underneath a tree.", "a black and white photo with a bench grass and trees"]
["A herd of sheep that are grazing in a field.", "Sheep grazing at the foot of a hill.", "A herd of sheep in a grassy field.", "A large herd of sheep are grazing through a field.", "a herd of sheep in a field below a rocky mountain "]
["A very cute small fire hydrant by a small road.", "A yellow and blue fire hydrant sitting on a patch of grass.", "A yellow fire hydrant with a blue painted top. ", "A yellow and blue fire hydrant is on a curb.", "a yellow and blue fire hydrogen that is next to a road"]
["A mama and a baby duck are swimming in the water. ", "Two birds are swimming along on a lake.", "A couple of small birds in the water.", "An adult duck and a duckling on a pond.", "Two ducks swimming in the water near each other."]
["A duck paddling through a shallow body of water.", "A mallard duck wading on top of a lake.", "A brown duck with a white tail floating in the water.", "The duck floated on the water among the leaves and branches.", "The duck is swimming in the glassy water."]
["A duck floating on top of a body of water.", "A duck that is sitting in the water.", "The poor duck is in a severely polluted waterway.", "A duckling swims in a pond and catches some food.", "A small duckling eating something out of a pond."]
["The big bird is on the beach and the dog is barking at it.", "Dog on top of a bird by the beach. ", "A dog and a person walking in the sand. ", "a dog gets a close up view of a big bird lying on the beach", "A dog is walking on a sandy beach"]
["A red double decker bus parks next to a large white awning. ", "A double decker bus outside a large gathering area.", "A red double-decker bus stops in front of a structure on a hill.", "A red double decker bus driving past a tent.", "a double decked bus parked by a stadium"]
["A street with market door openings is empty.", "Deserted city street next to warehouses and no one to be seen.", "An empty street features buildings along side of it.", "A street running along the side of a building.", "A view of an empty city side street."]
["A small gray bird perched on a tree limb eating the fruit.", "A bird is pecking at fruit hanging from a tree branch.", "A bird pecking a piece of fruit on a tree.", "A bird eating on an apple in a tree.", "A tree with no leaves has a piece of fruit on it."]
["School buses parked along the curb of a city street.", "A couple of large school buses on a road.", "Two school buses are parked behind each other on the street.", "a couple of school buses sit parked off of a street", "Two school buses sitting on the road beside the grass."]
["AN orange version of the Eiffel tower in the middle of a city.", "An eiffel tower looking structure near a corner", "A red tower near a busy intersection of a city street as traffic moves by.", "A small version of the Eiffel Tower ", "The building is a piece of art. "]
["A trolley car driving down the road near several trees.", "A green trolley moves on tracks through a peaceful setting.", "A green trolley car is passing the station ", "Green trolley leaving trolley station near tree with yellow bow.", "Trolley moving on track past passenger station stop. "]
["An old double decker bus painted red and white.", "A red-and-white double decker bus on the street ", "a red and white two story train on some tracks", "Two buses next to each other in front of a fence.", "A double decker bus with passengers driving down the road."]
["a long line of red white and blue tourist buses ", "Many people are walking near a line of buses. ", "many public transit buses on a city road", "People walking down a highway passing tours busses.", "A large line of buses back to back down a road ."]
["Stop sign at the intersection of Adams and Idaho streets.", "The street signs are clearly visible for all to see. ", "a stop sign that is next to a palm tree", "a stop sign sits on the corner of a city street ", "A stop sign and palm trees by an intersection."]
["A row of parked bicycles sitting on a side walk.", "A bicycle rack at a quaint corner in an Irish town.", "Alley with people walking and a sign post.", "THERE IS A LOT OF PEOPLE WALKING THE STREET ", "Temple Bar with museum signposts in the heart of Dublin"]
["Two palm trees sitting next to a building.", "Cars moving on a city street in front of palm trees. ", "The back of a stop sign on a city street", "Cars are parked underneath of some palm trees.", "City scene with stop sign and street cars."]
["A giraffe has it's face in a silver bucket.", "A giraffe eating food from a bucket attached to a wire fence.", "A giraffe is eating out of a bucket. ", "A giraffe is eating out of a bucket on a fence.", "A giraffe eating some food out of a bucket."]
["A large bird perched on top of a rock", "two birds close to one another near some water ", "A white bird sitting on top of a rock.", "The bird on the rock is preening itself.", "Two cranes basking on rocks near the water."]
["A bird standing with its huge wings open near a fence.", "a bird that is standing on some kind of gate", "A large bird that is extending its wings outward.", "A bird holds out its large wings while standing on a fence.", "A vulture perched on a metal bar next to some grills"]
["A RED BIRD PERCHED ON A BRANCH IN A TREE.", "A red bird with a long beak standing on top of a stick.", "It is a bird with long legs, a very long beak and very bright orange feathers.", "A bright red bird perched on a branch", "A red bird with a long beak stands on thick branches in a tree."]
["A peacock with very large feathers walking down a street.", "A peacock is standing on a brick path with it's feathers fanned.  ", "A beautiful peacock with it's feathers spread while it stands on stones.", "A peacock with its feather out standing next to a stone wall.", "A peacock with its tail fully open on a stone path. "]
["A bird flying over the beach to the water", "A seagull flies over the beach and crashing waves. ", "a bird flying over the sand on a beach", "The seagull is in flight over the waves and dunes", "A bird flying over rocks near the water."]
["A small bird standing on top of a sandy beach.", "A seagull stands on a beach with its head turned.", "A lone seagull stands on the sandy beach", "A white bird standing on the sand close to the shore.\n", "A seagull alone on a sandy beach watches the photographer."]
["Traffic and street signs sit on the pole", "This is a post with a street sign and a one way sign.", "A five eleven sign and a pole with two signs.", "a store sign and some street signs and a pole light", "An electric pole with a single light and two street signs next to a 5 eleven sign."]
["A person driving a car towards an overpass.", "a person driving a car on a highway ", "a person driving a car on the freeway by an overpass ", "A man driving a car underneath a exit sign. The sign is on a bridge.", "The man is driving his car on the highway during the day."]
["Three giraffes stand in the clearing. by the edge of the grass.", "A photo of three giraffes standing together in a zoo exhibit.", "A group of three giraffe walking along a dirt road next to a field.", "A bunch of giraffes are walking in a line.", "A line of three giraffes standing and looking around."]
["some street signs blocking off part of a road ", "Construction signs communicate to drivers that road work lies ahead. ", "A truck on the road with road signage", "A city street with construction signs directing traffic.", "sunny street intersection with several road direction signs"]
["Two Giraffes are chomping on their feed basket.", "A couple of giraffes standing around a feeding trough.", "some giraffes eating some plants out of a cage on a pole ", "A group of giraffes eats hay out of a stand in their enclosure.", "there are two very tall giraffes eating from a bowl"]
["A curvy road line with tall buildings and post.", "A large building with a railroad crossing near it", "A picture of some beautiful buildings in the middle of a city. ", "The large building has many glass windows on it.", "A building in front of a roundabout with a tree in the center."]
["a narrow alley with signs and buildings down it", "A narrow street in a city with tall buildings and lit signs.", "Neon business signs in a wide alley in an oriental city", "Alley street dimly lit from the setting sun and the lit up street signs", "A very narrow street between some buildings at night."]
["Man in a coat walking with other people in the background.", "Man walking next many birds in cages at a street market.", "A man is walking through a market in china.", "A man is walking through an outside market.", "A man in a shopping district looking at a bird."]
["A street sign next to a public road in a city.", "Two lamp posts are shown on a street corner.", "A sign letting drivers know they can't park in that area. ", "A sign posted near a traffic light on a quiet city street.", "A city street with residences and cars parked near them."]
["Three giraffes feed from a basket hanging off a tree.", "A group of giraffes standing in an enclosure eating something out of a tree.", "Three giraffes stand next to each other in the midst of trees", "Three giraffes near some trees during the day.", "The three giraffes are standing next to each other by the trees. "]
["A couple of giraffe standing next to each other.", "A couple of giraffe's standing in a sand lot. ", "The two giraffes are curious about what is beyond the fence.", "Pair of giraffes scratching heads and necks using wooden posts in back of building.", "Two giraffe standing near a fence and a green building."]
["A sign calls out public parking beneath a street marker.", "Three black and white street signs with hazy sky in background.", "a close up of a street sign with a sky background", "Sign post at intersection with street and public parking signs.", "three signs sit on top of a street pole "]
["A green truck parked in the middle of a garage.", "a truck with three wheels surrounded by other cars", "A group of a variety of motor vehicles in a museum display.", "An old time, green 3 wheeled car in a car museum. ", "A truck and several vehicles inside a building."]
["A group of white herons nesting in a marshy area.", "A field with four geese walking around in a field.", "Two white bird stretch their wings in a field.", "A few white birds are by the water in dry grass.", "A group of large white birds in a field next to a body of water."]
["A yellow sign sitting on the side of a road.", "Amusing sign in the middle of a computer generated image ", "A yellow caution sign in front of an amusement park. ", "A sign that says \"Caution, this sign has sharp edges.\"", "A bright yellow sign that warns of it's sharp edges."]
["a sign on a beach at sun set", "I sign in a video game warning dog owners to pick up after their dogs.", "A three dimensional rendering of a sign on a beach.", "A sign that implores dog owners to pick up after their dogs, and then says, \"Attention Dogs. Grrrr, Bark, Woof. Good Dog.\"", "A green sign on a cracked dirt road."]
["A small brown bird standing on a patch of grass.", "Bird with brown and tan colors looks up in the daytime", "A close up of a black and white bird on a grassy area.", "A multi colored bird is standing on grass looking up.", "a small bird on the ground in a field"]
["Red car on roadway in large city area.", "A red car driving down a street past a tall brick building.", "there are many blue street signs on the same pole", "a car on a city street near a street sign ", "A car drives past a street sign with a list of many names."]
["A bird aggressively protects his patch of turf.", "Brown and yellow bird standing in a grassy field. ", "A brown and yellow bird in a field with grass.", "A bird walking in the grass with it's beak open. ", "A bird that is walking in some grass."]
["man is walking in the street carrying a sign that says smile", "A man in street holding a sign that reads \"smile.\"", "A person walking on the street with a sign", "a young man walking around holding a homemade sign encouraging positiveness", "Casually dressed man carrying a sign that says \"SMILE\"."]
["A boy stands out the edge of a moving train. ", "there is a yellow train on the tracks", "A man taking a picture from the end of a moving train.", "The backside of a train that's heading down the tracks. ", "A couple of men that are in the back of a train."]
["Dog statue wearing a hat, sunglasses and stars and strips bunting.", "There is a dog statue on the front porch dressed up for the holiday. ", "A statue of a dog holding a basket dressed in a bow, sunglasses and a hat. ", "A dog statue with a hat, glasses and bow tied around its neck sitting in front of a door and a wall holding a basket.", "A dog in a hat and sunglasses has a basket in its mouth."]
["We are looking at a black and white shot of a train platform.", "A group of people standing next to a subway train.", "A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE STANDING AT THE TRAIN", "A group of people wait for a train.", "some people with their luggage at a train station"]
["a small dog is sitting on a table", "a dog that is wearing a hate and a shirt", "A small dog wearing a handkerchief and hat.", "A brown and black dog laying on top of a wooden seat.", "A black and brown dog wearing a hat and scarf."]
["A skier standing in the snow next to a yellow and blue train.", "A person in a ski jacket next to a train", "A woman on skies standing next to a train.", "A man with ski poles standing in front of a train.", "A skier in Alaska watches a train pass by"]
["A large gray stone bridge spanning a river.", "Water passing under a bridge that cars are driving on top of.", "A stone bridge with three arches spanning a river.", "Various cars passing over a bridge above water.", "This is a populated bridge with a shallow flowing stream below."]
["A sign up on a post at an intersection in a city.", "a city street sits in front of some buildings ", "A union sign is displayed on a light post", "City buildings at a street corner, with no traffic.", "An intersection in a smaller town where there is not many people around."]
["An orange detour sign sitting on the side of a road.", "An orange street sign beside a snowy road announces a detour.", "The orange detour sign has a street name below it.", "A detour sign points traffic in the new direction.", "Roadway traffic directional signage on cold winter day."]
["a bed with some black bags on it", "Two black bags and bed linen rest atop a berth, under which a sliver of a man's head is visible. ", "Two backpacks sitting on a small sleeping area.", "Small bunk beds with backpacks and bedding and sheets.", "Two travel bags on shelf with a metal rail."]
["a couple of ssigns on a pole by a building", "Directional signs at intersection outside of brick building.", "A street sign hanging from a metal pole.", "a old brick building that has a street sign out front", "Sign poles on the corner of a street near a brick building."]
["A picture of a train yard for passenger trains.", "A train traveling down tracks next to power lines.", "A train is in the distance traveling down the tracks. ", "A train yard area with many different tracks and lights, and one passenger train on the tracks.", "An old fashioned train is seen amongst several sets of tracks."]
["People standing outside a train at a snowy train stop.", "A railway station covered with snow.Passenger waiting on the platform.", "People wait for a train on a snowy sidewalk", "People walking in the snow while a train passes by. ", "People walk and stand near an approaching train."]
["a man taking a picture of prizes in a claw machine game", "A person with a camera taking a picture of the prizes in a game", "a toy machine full of colorful stuffed animals", "Someone holding a camera in front of a claw machine game filled with stuffed animals.", "Man taking a photograph at a claw vending machine full of stuffed toys."]
["An orange sign that has a picture of a man holding a flag.", "A sign informing of a signal man ahead is standing on a brick street.", "a sign standing in the middle of a paved street", "A traffic sign on a brick street near the sidewalk. ", "a small orange sign in the middle of a street"]
["A couple of trains driving past each other near a platform.", "Two trains next to each other at a train station. ", "Passenger trains lined up at a train stop.", "two trains at a station at the same time", "A train driving pass another train at a train station."]
["A train passing through a city street. ", "There is a crossing guard that is standing under the train tracks", "A train passing on bridge over a busy city street.", "a train on a train track on an elevated bridge", "A passenger train that is traveling over a street on a bridge."]
["The train moves thru this part of the city.", "A train traveling down tracks near a loading platform.", "A very long silver train on the tracks.", "A train goes down a track below a bridge. ", "A silver train is on the tracks next to a building."]
["Flock of ducks standing on a rocky shore.", "There are six birds together on the shore by the water.", "some black birds sitting on some rocks water and trees", "A small flock of birds sit on the side of the water.", "A flock of birds standing on top of a large rock."]
["A lake with a rail bridge and traffic bridge over it.", "A bridge over a blue river on a sunny day.", "The train is going over the bridge over a river.", "A red train crossing over a white bridge,", "The bridge spans over the water and the rocky shoreline."]
["A sign post at a corner in front of a building.", "a street sign with different street names in a city", "A black city post with directions to the \"Town Centre\", \"Crown Court\", \"Trafalgar Cemetery\", and \"Alameda Gardens\". ", "A sign is shown pointing in different directions.", "That son almost looks like a stop sign with no words on it."]
["A long green and yellow train traveling down tracks.", "A group of elderly people on a train platform. ", "A train is traveling into a station near people.", "A train is pulling up to the platform while people wait.", "Electric trains are convenient means of transportation in the city or suburbs."]
["a man in a dress shirt, tie, and a trucker hat", "A man in a dress shirt, tie, and Milwaukee baseball cap stands in front of a textured glass block wall.", "A person with a hat and a tie.", "A bearded man wearing a tie and a baseball cap.", "this is a man with a beard and some glasses"]
["A man in tie, black coat and a hat.", "A smiling man is wearing a brown hat.", "A man taking a picture and smiling at the camera.", "A man smiles into the camera with a hat on. ", "A man with a hat wearing a jacket and tie."]
["A two story white building next to a building with an brown a frame.", "An address sign on a building in English and Spanish.", "a white building a blue street sign and another sign with a rainbow on it", "The corner of the top of a building says Arbour Place.", "Metal signs on two sides of a building."]
["A professional tennis match from very high up in the stands", "A tennis court stadium full of spectators watching the blue court.  ", "An overhead view of two people playing tennis.", "A tennis match in progress in an arena", "Many audience members are at the tennis game."]
["a large green toy truck on a sidewalk in front of benches.", "A small cart sitting in front of benches and people.", "A wooden bench fashioned to look like a train.", "A green, blue and orange train cart for kids.", "an image of a wheel barrow with people looking"]
["a steam locomotive on a narrow gauge track in the snow", "a train sitting on the tracks surrounded by snow", "A train travelling in the snow on a track with smoke coming from it.", "A steam engine going down a snow covered railway.", "A steam engine locomotive moving down the tracks."]
["Several street signs posted together on a poll.", "A pole with four different street signs, near some buildings.", "Three traffic signs arranged on a sign post. ", "a close up of a street sign with buildings behind it", "A street sign indicates the flow of traffic in this historical district. "]
["A red stop sign sitting on the side of a pole.", "A stop sign in a busy city covered with bumper stickers. ", "A stop sign has been modified to send a message", "A street post with multiple traffic signs and parking information.", "A traffic pole with numerous signs attached to it."]
["two train on a track near a building ", "A sleek, metal train pulls up to a platform.", "Sleek train in the middle of the day in an old town.", "Two trains sitting at a train station in the city.", "Two strains stopped at a station, attached to tracks and overhead wires."]
["Two trains traveling down tracks in a station.", "two green yellow and silver trains sitting in a train station", "Two different trains pulled up side by side.", "Two trains are stopped next to each other at a train station.", "Several trains are parked next to a platform underneath a ceiling."]
["A couple of trains are traveling side by side. ", "Two trains sit next to a platform in an outdoor station", "A couple of trains are parked at a station", "Two trains stopped side by side waiting for passengers.", "Those trains are passing each other on the track."]
[" bridge spanning over the width of a river next to a city.", "People walking across a bridge with a bus above a river.", "an electric train traveling over a arched stone bridge", "A bus and people on a stone bridge over the water.", "A photo of a street bridge crossing over a river."]
["A sign is shown at the edge of a street.", "A stop sign has \"NAR\" sprayed painted. ", "A stop sign with some black graffiti on it", "Street sign with a note written on it on a rural road. ", "An idyllic country view shows a stop sign that has the word \"War\" scrawled on it."]
["A red stop sign sitting next to a wooden fence.", "A stop sign on a street near a fence and flowering trees.", "A stop sign placed in front of a concrete wall.", "a stop sign next to a wooden fence", "Road sign displayed near intersection next to cement wall."]
["A train has been tagged with colorful graffiti.", "A train car with graffiti and a mountain in the background.", "a big train sits parked with graffiti on it ", "A train that is parked on tracks and has graffiti writing on it, with a mountain range in the background.", "a train on a track with a lot of graffiti written on it "]
["A stop sign is leaning to its side at an intersection.", "A stop sign that has been broken and hanging into the street.", "A knocked over stop sign near a asphalt road.", "A broken stop sign leaning into the street", "A city street with a crooked Stop sign."]
["A stop sign that is by the side of a road.", "A couple street signs and stop sign on the street.", "An intersection with two street signs, a Stop sign and a Cross Traffic Does Not stop beneath it", "A stop sign above a traffic sign on street corner.", "A stop sign has several other signs on it."]
["Some people are sitting in a model train.", "Several children an adults riding in a red and green train in a mall. ", "a kiddy train ride going through a mall", "Kids riding a small train ride through a mall.", "A small train ride for young children to go on"]
["Old cars parked on a street in front of two buildings.", "A tall building with cars parked in front of it.", "There are cars and buildings from a city in the 50 's.", "A large building with windows and cars parked below", "A black and white photo shows a brick building."]
["A row of parked cars next to a pile of snow.", "A snowy area outside of a parking lot.", "Many cards are parked at the bottom of r large bridge.", "Many cars parked at night near a road covered with snow.", "Several late model cars in a parking garage."]
["Two tall buildings stand next to each other.", "The picture depicts what the city looked like during this time. ", "Two buildings of different heights are next to each other.", "A store front on a city street is next to another building.", "A store front in the early twentieth century."]
["A small dog sitting next to a parking meter.", "A dog sitting by a parking meter on the sidewalk ", "A dog with a  bandana on sitting next to a parking meter.", "a dog is sitting near a pole by the sidewalk", "A dog that is sitting next to a coin meter."]
["A pole with a speed limit traffic sign posted on it.", "Traffic signs stand along a snowy road in the 50s.", "A speed limit sign on a pole with snow all around ", "Street signs in an old parking area and vintage parked cars", "Cars parked in front of buildings in a snow covered street."]
["A downtown area with cars parked at parking meters.", "The cars are all parked along the side of the street.", "A street corner with cars parked along it and pedestrians.", "A black and white picture of a street with stores on it and street signs", "a person walking on a city sidewalk "]
["A city street with cars parked on it under a ball building.", "a vintage photo of some cars parked next to a street", "A picture of a street as snow is almost melted.", "An old black and white picture of a tall building with several cars parked alongside in the street.", "A car that is parked by the sidewalk."]
["A parking meter covered in graffiti sitting on a  sidewalk.", "A city parking meter with some minor graffiti. ", "Graffiti decorates the side of a parking meter.", "Graffiti on a parking meter on the street.", "A parking meter with graffiti drawn on it."]
["A parking meter sitting behind a blue truck.", "a scale that takes money for you to park in a spot", "A parking meter with a sticker on the back.", "A \"Hello My Name Is\" sticker on a parking meter", "A hello sticker is stuck on the meter pole."]
["Two parking meters with a woolen glove on one of them", "Two parking meters, but one has a torn glove on top.", "Two parking meters standing side by side one with a glove on top.", "Two parking meters are displayed with one having a glove.", "two parking meters next to each other and one with a glove on it"]
["A black and white photo of city street with cars parked.", "A row of parked cars sitting next to a building.", "Some very old vintage cars parked near the street.", "A couple of cars are parked in a lot", "A street that is lined with parked cars."]
["A silver passenger train traveling down train tracks near a field.", "An electric train on a track with gravel and trees.", "A train traveling on some train tracks in front of a building.", "Black and white photograph of a train on tracks.", "A very large long train on a track."]
["some buildings cars and street meters and a sign", "this is a old photo of a trust company", "An old photo of two cars sitting outside a bank.", "A vintage photo of a city bank branch.", "Black and white photograph of cars in front of a building."]
["Black and white photo of cars parked on the street.", "Large town of parked cars on lot and on street. ", "An old, black and white street scene is pictured.", "A bunch of old cars that are parked in a lot and on the street. ", "An old photo of a street view with many cars parked."]
["a young man on skis glances at a frozen parking meter dispenser", "A parking meter in snow near where a cross country skier is going by", "A man is cross country skiing in a field.", "a parking meter covred in ice and snow ", "A parking meter in the middle of a snow bank."]
["Two deer running in the woods by a parking meter.", "A parking meter next to a small tree.", "Two deer running across a road towards a forest.", "Two deer walking across a road toward a forest.", "Two deer exploring a parking lot near the woods"]
["A army jeap on display in a museum.", "A car that has the front of it open.", "An old military style vehicle on display with other vehicles behind a roped area.", "An old military jeep sits with its hood up.", "An old military jeep with its hood up on display."]
["A blue truck with tarp covered trailer drives down the road.", "A covered truck is parked on a brick lot.", "A blue truck driving down a road next to a tent.", "The truck is parked while the driver is getting directions .", "Blue and white truck parked next to an open building. "]
["A vintage truck is parked at an outdoor event.", "Antique blue truck displayed to crowd at outdoor event.", "An antique pickup truck restored and displayed at a fair or car show.", "An old blue truck is on a grassy area.", "A car at a show with people in background."]
["A barn with a large American flag on the side of it.", "an animal on a field near a tree a truck and a building", "A horse in a pasture by a barn.", "A horse standing around in teh middle of a farm.", "A filtered image of a farm that features a horse and a box truck with a large American flag painted on it's side."]
["A large transport truck traveling down a road with a pile of hay.", "A truck with a full bed drives down a winding road.", "Trucks are hauling vegetation down a road in a forest.", "A truck hauling vegetation down a windy road.", "a very loaded lorry on the road and another vehicle behind"]
["Intersecting roadways with marked straight lines and squares.", "The intersection of a street seen from above is nearly empty.", "An intersection with an icy road with no cars in sight.", "a black and white picture of an intersection from above.", "train tracks in an x shape iin the middle of some streets "]
["a truck on a street next to a van ", "a narrow alley with two vehicles and a few people walking ", "A truck driving down a road next to tall buildings.", "Two trucks that are sitting on the street.", "Vehicle traffic on narrow roadway in urban area."]
["a truck is parked at a campground with snow on it", "A large vehicle in a deserted park covered in snow.", "A truck with the hood open sits in an area that has been lightly dusted with snow and is a wooded area with sparse trees.", "A large vehicle is parked in a field with trees in it.", "A truck is parked in the middle of a forest."]
["A man standing next to a cat in a kitchen in front of a laptop computer.", "A black cat walking past a man in a kitchen", "A PERSON AND A CAT IS IN THE KITCHEN ", "Two people in a kitchen with a black cat on the floor.", "two people standing in a kitchen with a small cat"]
["A black and white cat eating out of a white coffee cup.", "a cat sticking its head in a coffee cup in front of a laptop", "A cat that is sitting in front of a laptop near a coffee cup.", "Cat drinking out of a mug on a counter.", "A cat is drinking out of a cup in front of a computer."]
["a dog is tied up by the leash outside with a bag", "a dog and a black backpack is on the curb", "A dog is tied to a street fixture on a sidewalk.", "a brown black and white dog and a black backpack", "A dog tied up to a metal cage next to a back pack."]
["A living room with a black cat on top of a hard wood floor.", "A black cat stands on the floor beside a cabinet.", "A cat standing on the floor with its tail up. ", "A cat is walking through a living room near a chair.", "A cat that is standing on the floor."]
["A truck parked near a tent and a stadium. ", "an image of truck with a fabric flat bed", "A little truck has a covering on the back.", "A truck sitting in the middle of the parking lot.", "A transport truck with a tarp covered trailer drive down the road."]
["A pick up truck has a camper on it", "A pickup truck with a camper is in a parking lot.", "A truck with a camper on the back.", "A black truck with a camper attached on top.", "a truck with a cab on the back parked "]
["A table with a light on over it.", "A dining room table, with various home goods on the table and a desk.", "A dining room with a table and microwave.", "Some groceries sit on a small dining room table.  ", "A room with a table, chest and microwave in it."]
["A cat standing next to a window in a room.", "A can sitting in front of a window with the blinds closed.", "a gray cat sitting in a window looking up", "Filtered photograph of a cat standing by a window.", "A cat looking up towards the ceiling in front of a window with broken blinds."]
["Group of brown cows standing on a field next to each other. ", "Cows in the field are eating green grass.", "there are many cows laying in the grass ", "a couple of cows are sitting in a field", "A herd of jersey cattle eat and sit in a pasture."]
["Crowd of people walking near trucks outside of large complex.", "People are walking on the street near a truck.", "Large green truck parked at the outside of stadium with group of people walking past", "A large semi trailer with a massive green sign painted on it's side.", "Two semi trucks are parked on the side of the road."]
["a track carrying a tank at the back of it", "the truck has a barrel in the back of it", "Old black truck with a wooden barrel sitting in the bed. ", "a vintage truck with a barrel in the back ", "Antique black truck with a barrel in the bed."]
["A truck kicking up dust from driving on the desert. People standing near the road waving.", "A truck is riding past a group of people.", "A truck covered in ads drives in a desert area.", "A truck driving in the sand by a crowd of people.", "A green and white utility truck driving on dirt road."]
["A group of firefighters near fire engines parked on a street.", "Firefighters are standing in a road with fire trucks.", "A group of firemen standing on a street near a fire truck.", "A group of fire fighters standing next to a fire truck.", "Some fire fighters standing by a fire truck"]
["Baby cow eating apple from hand with wood fence", "A close-up of a young calf licking a piece of fruit held in someones hand.", "A cow is being hand-fed over a fence. ", "A calf is licking something from a person 's hand.", "A person feeding a cow some food by a fence."]
["The man is driving a small boat on the water with his dog. ", "Man and dog on a dingy with a motor in a marina.", "The body of water filled with motor boats.", "A person on a small boat in the water.", "Guy and his small dog out in a motor boat amongst bigger boats"]
["Cats sits on arm of chair blocking view of laptop", "As a woman works on her laptop with a beer a cat takes center stage.", "siamese cat totally blocking a laptop for attention", "A siamese cat sitting on top of a desk in front of a laptop.", "A cat stands on a table with a laptop in front of a person."]
["A herd of cattle walking across a muddy field.", "Several cows gathered around a trough in a muddy field.", "A couple of bulls next to a cow at a feeding trough.", "A groups of cow in a muddy field.", "Cattle are gathered around a food trough waiting for their next meal."]
["A small green floating on top of a lake.", "An empty boat in the water near a marshy shore.", "Green canoe in a blue pond by a field.", "An empty green canoe floats on a pond.", "Green boat sitting in the center of a small lake. "]
["A cat laying in a chair next to two remote controls.", "a close up of a cat sitting on a couch with remote controls near by", "A cat lays on a floral couch next to two remote controls.", "A picture of two remotes and a couch.", "The cat sleeps on the couch with the remote controls."]
["Numbered row boats lined up along a small dock", "Boats parked next to each other at the dock of the lake.", "Fishing boats are lined up along a small pier at a park.", "Some beautiful boats floating next to the bank of a river. ", "multiple row boats are lined up against the dock"]
["Waterway will all kinds of boats moored and docked.", "A bunch of boats are in the water near a building.", "Boats out on the water in a marina", "Lots of boats floating on top of a lake surrounded by buildings.", "Multiple boats near the water's edge with ancient city in the background."]
["A boat floating in the middle of a small lake.", "That seems like a very small sail for that boat.", "A boat with a small blue sail on the water.", "There is only  one boat sailing in the water.", "There is a boat on the water in the park. "]
["A boy and a dog in a necktie", "a boy looking at a dog wearing a collar and tie", "A boy with red hair standing in front of a black and white dog.", "A young boy looking at a dog wearing a tie.", "A dog with a tie and shirt colar sitting in a bed."]
["A HORSE TRAILER WITH THE HORSE AND JOCKEY PICTURED ON IT", "The back of a horse trailer featuring the image of an equestrian horse and rider.", "The back end of a grey vehicle advertising a horse rider.", "This photo depicts a display on the back of a truck.", "A horse trailer has an advertisement for Cian O'Connor."]
["A man sticking his tongue while wearing a pink sign around his neck.", "A man wearing three hats is wearing a sign in protest of his job.", "A man making a face with several hats on his head, wearing a sign around his neck.", "A man with a hat and backpack with some message hanged on his chest", "An old man with three hats on his head sticking his tongue out."]
["Zebras, an elephant and some giraffes stand together in the grass.", "A herd of zebra standing next to an elephant and a couple of giraffe.", "Some zebras and an elephant that are near some water.", "Zebras and giraffes share an area with an elephant.", "An elephant with three zebra and three giraffe on a water bank."]
["a large white boat floating in the middle of a lake.", "A boat with many passengers float down the muddy river.", "A boat in a river near trees and a festival.", "A bus carrying passengers is traveling down a river.", "A ferry crossing a river outside of a city."]
["There is an elephant shaped figure next to other decorations.", "A black pewter elephant sculpture on a table.", "A black elephant incense burner sitting on display.", "a sculpture of an elephant sitting on a table", "A small elephant shaped figure on a table."]
["some small boats in a body of water", "Several people standing near or on two boats that are near land..", "There are many people taking items off of a boat", "People on rustic boats loading and unloading produce.", "A small boat with people on the top."]
["A flower in a tree that is blooming.", "A ribbon hanging in the branches of a tree", "a tree in the forest with flowers and a ribbon ", "An orange ribbon marker on a tree branch.", "A ribbon has been tied around the branch of a tree."]
["a body of water that has some boats in it", "A person is fixing a sail on a boat", "a man standing next to a tall wooden pole on the marina", "A bunch of boats docked at a water front.", "Several boats sitting in the water near a dock."]
["A tie rack sitting inside of a white closet.", "A long line of ties hung in a horizontal display.", "A large tie rack displays many different ties.", "There are ties on a rack being displayed.", "A variety of men's ties hanging from a wall."]
["A man adjusting his tie while wearing a jacket.", "A man in a leans forward and ties a bow tie.", "an image of a man wearing a tie", "Black and white photograph of  a person tying a bow tie.", "A man wearing a suit is tying his tie."]
["A group of boats parked on a small body of water.", "Houses and boats on a very still lake", "A body of water with lots of boats in it.", "A group of building that are sitting on the water.", "A waterway with several boats docked behind a row of houses."]
["An adorable dog standing on top of a lawn chair next to a BBQ with little hot dogs grilling on it.", "a picture of a dog sitting on a chair and a table full of food sitting under some umbrellas", "The dog is sitting by the food on the beach.", "a cartoon picture of two women on a beach, and a dog looking at food on a picnic blanket", "There is a small dog sitting on a chair at the beach and two women heading back from the water."]
["A elephant that is standing up in the grass.", "A view of the sun shining on a forest of tall trees next to a pasture in shade.", "A shot of a forest with a person and an elephant close by ", "An elephant and a man are standing in a clearing.", "A black and white picture shows a tree covered hill."]
["some people and a dog under an open umbrella", "People and a dog are standing outside at night under an umbrella.", "Two people and a dog stand under an umbrella near a well lit building.", "Some people are out and having some food during the night. ", "Two people are standing under a large umbrella at night with a dog in the foreground."]
["A man behind the counter showing a tie made of wood.", "a person at a wooden booth in the middle of a group of people", "A person that is making something out of wood.", "A man standing behind a wooden booth making wooden ties.", "A man makes ties from wood while others watch."]
["A beach scene with chairs and an umbrella.", "An  orange parasol at the beach unopened by a lounge chair.", "Bright orange umbrella and small white stool on a sandy beach.", "The large orange umbrella is next to the chair on the beach.", "A calm lake is off a beach where an orange umbrella in the down position sits near a beach chair."]
["A man in orange garb carrying a umbrella and cell phone.", "A monk holding an umbrella looking at a cellphone on a street.", "A monk walking down a street holding an umbrella.", "A man wearing an orange wrap holds an umbrella over himself as he uses a cell phone", "A man wearing a bright orange robe holding an umbrella."]
["A young man, formally dressed, is posing. ", "a man in a a tie posing at the photo", "A guy in a blue shirt, black tie, dark pants and his hands in his pockets.", "The man is wearing a messy black tie.", "Young man in dark pants and shirt with his tie undone."]
["A big elephant that is standing in the tall grass.", "An elephant standing in a field with trees.", "The huge adult elephant is standing in tall brown grass.", "A large elephant in a field with trees nearby.", "An elephant standing in the grass on a sunny day. "]
["a close up of a tie and a green shirt", "A close up of a man wearing a green dress shirt and a neck tile with blue and white squares. ", "A tie on a mans shirt tied propperly", "A man wearing a white tie with black squares on it.", "This is a picture of a man in a tie. "]
["A smoke stack sitting on the side of a roof.", "The pipe extends from the rooftop overlooking the table with three chairs.", "From the roof of a house, a chimney stack and looking down on a set of outdoor furniture.", "A pipe chimney on the roof and a table with chairs down below", "a roof and some blue chairs umbrella and table and grass"]
["A man jumped into the air at an angle. ", "A man with a tie jumping in the air.", "a man in a tie is floating in the air", "A man in s striped tie, jumping in the air.", "A man with a tie has his feet bent up in the air.  "]
["A ship traveling along a body of water.", "Boat running over the ocean creating large wakes.", "Large boat cruising through clam waters on a cloudy day", "A boat is traveling across a body of water. ", "The ship is far out in the middle of the ocean."]
["A close up of a person wearing a bow tie posing for a photo.", "A man in a suit and tie is outside smiling.", "an image of a man that is wearing a tie", "A man in coat and bow tie in front of trees.", "The man is wearing a suit and a bow tie. "]
["People riding on elephants that are walking through a river. ", "Two elephants carrying people and their guides in a river.", "People riding elephants in a body of water. ", "People are riding elephants through the water ,", "People are riding on elephants in shallow water."]
["Flowers sitting on the deck of a light green boat.", "A boat has some colorful flowers on it.", "A bouquet of flowers rests on the winch of a ship. ", "A bouquet of flowers sits on the front deck of a large boat.", "An arrangement of bright flowers sits on the side of a boat. "]
["The bow of a wooden sailing ship moored at a dock", "A vintage white sailing vessel in a harbor.", "a large boat sitting next to a smaller boat in a harbor.", "The Black Beard II docked in a marina near another vessel.", "A boat that is in the water in the day."]
["a corner of a James Smith & Sons store with various umbrellas lined up in the window", "a corner store with a big window display", "There is a storefront with many signs on it.", "The corner of a store that was established in 1830.", "An old shop with big windows and items on display."]
["a man with a jacket and tie with his arms spread out ", "A man holding his arms open while standing on a sidewalk.", "a man on the street with his hands wide open", "A man in a coat, tie, jeans, canvas shoes and a hat.", "a man that is walking down a sidewalk"]
["A man jumping up into the air on a sidewalk.", "A man in a jacket and tie jumping for joy", "an image of a man jumping up in air on sidewalk", "Man in black blazer and fedora jumping on the sidewalk.", "A man in a suit coat and tie jumping up in the air."]
["Man looking in mirror while adjusting his pokka dot tie.", "A man tying a tie using a mirror.", "The man is fixing his tie around his neck.", "A man putting on a polka dot tie in the bathroom.", "A man putting on a polka dot tie."]
["A man in a blue pinstripe shirt and a tie is posing", "A man in a dress shirt taking a selfie picture of himself. ", "a man that has a shirt and tie on", "A man in a suit looks into his cel phone camera", "A close-up of a man with a blue striped shirt and brown dotted tie."]
["A man wearing a blue striped shirt and tie.", "A man with a hat looks straight into the camera.", "A close up of a man's face who is wearing a dress shirt, tie and a hat on his head.", "A picture of a mans face with a bright light.", "a man poses for a picture wearing a hat"]
["A man staring ahead at the camera with a neutral expression.", "A close up of a man wearing a pin stripe shirt.", "A foreign man looking with a frown on his face", "A man took a picture of himself he has a blue striped shirt and a tie on.", "A man looks seriously into the camera and is wearing a blue and black striped shirt and a polka dot tie."]
["A man wears a pub cap, dress shirt, and tie and takes a photo of himself in a parking lot.", "A man with a cap and a tie with dotted prints stands next to cars ", "A man with a hat and wearing a tie standing outdoors.", "A man wearing a tie near some vehicles.", "Up close head shot of man in a shirt and tie"]
["wild animals graze in fields in front of a lake and snow-covered mountains", "some cows standing and eating some grass ", "a couple of animals graze on some grass ", "Two large boats were in the water with some cows grazing in the foreground.", "Wildlife grazing on grasses near waterway with boats."]
["A bench with a green umbrella on top of it.", "A picnic table sits with an umbrella on it and a plant beside it. ", "A park bench with an umbrella in front of mountains.", "A view of a umbrella and a bench with the mountains in the back.", "A large green umbrella shading a picnic table."]
["a bunch of people are on a small boat", "A crowd of people standing on top of a boat.", "Many people are aboard a boat on the blue water. ", "a small boat in a large body of water ", "People are in a small boat on the ocean."]
["A woman holding an umbrella while standing next to a river.", "A person stands at a railing looking over a body of water with an umbrella slung behind.", "Someone holding an umbrella while standing by the water. ", "a woman holds an umbrella standing in front of a lake ", "The woman is standing by the water holding a umbrella."]
["a white and red boat with a bunch the people on it", "A seagull flies over a boat filled with people on the deck.", "A large white and red boat traveling with lots of passengers.", "A boat in the water filled with people ", "People on the deck of a boat in open water."]
["A group of muddy elephants standing by rocks.", "A herd of Elephant protecting a young Elephant.", "There is a family of elephants which includes a baby elephant.", "A captive elephant family has their pictures taken.", "The baby elephant stands on a rock as his elders mill about nearby."]
["A young elephant walks near a herd of other elephants.", "a group of adult and baby elephants standing in the mud.", "A group of elephants are standing in the wild.", "A herd of elephants walking through the mud.", "A group of several elephants walk through the mud"]
["some people waiting for their luggage and one is wearing tennis shoes", "Two people wait patiently for their luggage at the conveyor in the airport", "A person wearing black Converse and black jeans waits for their luggage to come down the belt. ", "A group of people standing around an airport luggage carousel.", "The legs and feet of people at a luggage carousel"]
["A man with a white shirt and dress pants outside in the rain with an umbrella.", "Black and white picture of a man walking in the rain with an umbrella.", "A man is standing under an umbrella in the rain.", "A man is walking and holding an umbrella above his head.", "A woman holding an umbrella walks alone in the rain."]
["A few rows of tables with umbrellas on top of them.", "Rows of outdoor dining tables sit empty in front of a mixed use building.", "Open area food court with colorful umbrellas. ", "A bunch of tables outside of a building.", "A lot of tables that are by a building."]
["A brown dog on a leash laying on a floor.", "A dog is scratching his ear on a busy sidewalk.", "A dog on the street with bicycle and people walking in the background.", "A dog holds its back paw up while being tied up on a city street.", "a dog sitting on a city side walk scratching itself"]
["Several people in jackets sitting on a raft.", "A group of people are boating on a river.", "a bunch of people that are floating on a boat", "large group of people in yellow in a raft with a motor", "Several people on a motorized boat with yellow rain jackets on."]
["A WOMAN WAITING IN A BAGGAGE LINE WITH LUGGAGE", "A group of people with suitcases, bags and trolleys", "People wait with different kinds of luggage. ", "A woman stands in line at an airport.", "Woman pushing a cart of luggage in a transportation terminal."]
["A little girl standing in front of a green fence.", "A little girl standing in front of the elephant exhibit looking back at the camera ", "A young girl at the zoo looking at an elephant.", "A child points to an elephant behind a fence. ", "a little girl standing by a fence by the elephant area "]
["it is snowing outside and many people are holding umbrellas", "A group of people that are standing under umbrellas.", "Pedestrians hold umbrellas as they cross the street as snow starts to fall.", "A group of people walk across the street.", "People walking around using their umbrellas in the snow. "]
["A group of elephants surrounding a baby elephant", "a herd of elephants are grouped together around a baby elephant ", "A little elephant stands amongst the legs of his elders", "A couple of elephants standing next to each other.", "group of elephants are standing around a baby"]
["An elephant at a zoo standing under an awning", "an elephant with it's trunk rolled up in the wilderness", "An elephant stands under an awning at an animal park.", "An elephant is eating twigs in its confined area.", "an elephant using his trunk to move a log"]
["A large elephant walking next to a fallen tree.", "An elephant walking towards a log on the ground. ", "an elephant is eating some leaves and is standing by a log", "A small elephant climbing over a log in an enclosure.", "Huge elephant is moving a big log by itself."]
["A little girl holding an umbrella is standing on the sidewalk ", "A little girl in a school uniform holding a white and pink polka dot umberlla.", "Young Asian girl standing alone holding an umbrella.", "A girl in a plaid dress holding an umbrella on her arm.", "A little girl holding a polka-dot umbrella on a sidewalk."]
["A woman is admiring a mans little dog. ", "a small dog sitting on the ground next to a person in high heels", "a girl in a bink dress some people and a dog", "A woman in a short skirt bends over to look at a dog.", "a woman is bending over and standing next to a dog "]
["a women that is walking around with a umbrella", "A young girl walking in the rain with the umbrella.", "A woman holding an umbrella over the top of her head.", "A woman with an umbrella standing in the rain.", "there is a woman standing in the rain with a umbrella"]
["A pug dog is looking away from its image in the mirror. ", "this is a pug dog in front of a mirror", "A small dog looks away from it's reflection in a mirror.", "A pug and its reflection in a mirror on a carpet.", "A pug dog looking back away from his reflection."]
["A dog wearing a yellow jacket kissing a dog laying on the ground.", "One dog laying down while the other tries to play with him.", "One dog is attempting to communicate with another who is laying on a concrete surface.", "one dog laying down and another dog standing over it", "A dog in a yellow coat licking another dog laying on a sidewalk."]
["A man throwing a Frisbee in front of a large white and black dog.", "A dog leaping into the air to catch a frisbee", "A black and white dog jumps into the air to catch a Frisbee.", "a person with a dog on him playing with frisbees", "A dog jumping for a frisbee a man has thrown."]
["A dog chasing a white frisbee on a dirty and grass park.", "A black and white dog is jumping to catch a thrown Frisbee.", "A medium sized dog jumping in the air to catch a toy.", "A black and white color dog is about to jump and grab a frisk bee. ", "A black and white dog with frisbee and writing that reads \"the drive of a dog.\""]
["A beautiful black and white dog catching a frisbee in midair", "a dog that is jumping around with a frizbe", "A dog jumps to catch a toy in a park.", "The dog is jumping to catch a toy in the air.", "a dog that has jumped into the air with a red Frisbee in his mouth"]
["A dog looking up in at a frisbee.", "The black and white dog is catching the Frisbee. ", "An excited dog catching a frisbee with his mouth.", "a dog running with a frisbee in the air", "A dog catching a frisbee in an open grassy field."]
["A guy making a funny face and holding something.", "A person holding a split object standing around.", "A man holding two pieces of a briefcase that was torn apart.", "a man holds parts of a broken television", "A male holding two broken pieces of a suitcase."]
["this child is sitting inside a bag of luggage", "A man that is sitting with a child in the suitcase.", "A man sitting behind a bag of luggage with a little boy in it.", "People outside, one in an open suitcase and another outside.", "A man leaning on an open suitcase with a boy in it."]
["a little kid is holding an umbrella outside", "a small kid with an umbrella standing on a floor ", "A young girl holds a closed red umbrella.", "A little girl holding an umbrella while standing on bricks.", "A young Asian girl holds a red umbrella."]
["a close up of a child holding a closed umbrella", "A young girl stands holding a red umbrella.", "A little girl holding an umbrella in her hand.", "A little girl holding a red umbrella in her hand.", "A small asian girl holding a red umbrella."]
["A dog is riding the waves on a surfboard.", "a dog is on a surfboard riding the waves \n", "A person surfing on wave with skyline in the background.", "The person and their dog are surfing in the waves.", "A dog on a surfboard in the water."]
["A pug chews on a large water bottle. ", "This is an image of a pug chewing an empty water bottle.", "A small pug dog sleeping on top of a water bottle.", "The pug rests its head on  a large broken bottle.", "A forlorn looking pug rests its head on an empty plastic bottle"]
["a dog on a lawn chair with a banana in its mouth", "A black dog with a banana toy in its mouth", "A black schnauzer with a yellow toy in it's mouth. ", "a dog that is laying down on some kind of cot", "A black dog sitting on a pet hammock in a lawn."]
["Two dogs are fighting over a toy banana", "Two black dogs playing with each other and a toy banana. ", "Two dogs playing with a yellow toy outside.", "Two dogs on a blanket sharing a banana toy.", "A small dog and a large dog fighting over a banana."]
["a person with a child in a stroller ", "A bulldog staring at a woman as she walks by.", "a dog looking at a kid in the stroller ", "A stocky brown and white dog near a woman pushing a baby stroller.", "A small child reaching out to pet a dog on a leash"]
["A person in pink teddy bear mascot suit on sidewalk under a traffic light.", "A person who is wearing a pink animal costume.", "A person dressed in a pink teddy bear costume standing on a street corner with a group of people waiting to cross the street.", "a person dressed in a pink costume walking the street", "A large pink bear stands beneath the walk sign on the busy street."]
["A bright blue suitcase is sitting on a bed.", "A blue suitcase with black accents sits on a white surface.", "Bright blue suitcase waiting on a white bed.", "A blue-colored luggage bag sits precariously on the edge of a bed.", "Shot of a blue suitcase with various zippers and handles."]
["a bear walking in the woods next to some trees", "A brown bear near a very large tree.", "A brown bear walking through large trees in the woods.", "A brown bear walking through a forest next to a fallen log.", "A brown bear is walking amongst huge trees."]
["A small plane sitting on top of a runway near a parked truck.", "A group of people gather around a plane.", "a small aircraft , truck, and people standing on the runway", "A group of people standing next to a small airplane.", "A truck is parked near an airplane with people walking around it."]
["Skateboarding preforming a mid-air stunt in a park.", "a person with their feet sitting at the edge of a skateboard in the air ", "A person's feet are on top of a skateboard.", "Someone balances on the side of a skateboard in midair. ", "two feet on a skateboard flipping in the air"]
["An adorable dog resting in a chair on a furry mat.", "A small dog sitting on a chair staring into the camera.", "A black, scruffy dog laying down on a white blanket", "a black dog with white eyebrows sitting on a couch", "a black haired dog laying on a chair"]
["Two people that are posing for a picture.", "A man taking a picture of himself and another woman holding a frisbee.", "a man and lady pose for a picture the lady holds  yellow frisbee ", "woman holds on to yellow disc while man looks into the camera", "A man and woman smiling while in a forest."]
["A group of people standing on top of a green field.", "A group of athletes engage in an organized game of ultimate frisbee. ", "Many people play sports in a grass field. ", "A group of individuals playing with a Frisbee.", "A group of people playing ultimate Frisbee on an overcast day. "]
["a person laying in a field of grass with a frisbee near by", "A young woman lying in the grass next to a Frisbee.", "A girl is laying down in the grass next to a Frisbee.", "Woman lying in an unmowed field with a frisbee.", "Someone laying in the grass beside a frisbee"]
["A very big bear in the water by a waterfall.", "A bear swimming in the water near a waterfall", "A bear swimming in the river beside a waterfall. ", "A bear is taking a swim in a pool.", "A bear is in the waterfall area of an enclosure."]
["A dog sticking its head into a small pet bed.", "a little dog checking out a pet bed", "A small dog biting a small dog bed. ", "A small dog sniffs the inside of its bed", "A dog small dog sniffing a dog bed."]
["A  chihuahua. leaning its front paws on a dog bed", "A adult dog lying on his pet bed ", "A dog chewing on a tan doggy bed.", "Dog lying half in, half out of his dog bed\n", "A little brown dog lying down on some blanket."]
["A small dog lies on a pillow near a toy banana.", "A small dog sits on its doggie cushion.", "a brown dog laying in his bed with his banana toy", "A little brown dog laying on a brown dog bed.", "A little brown dog rests on a pillow with a toy banana beside it. "]
["A dog laying down with its bed on its head .", "A dog laying down with a cushion over is head. ", "A brown dog laying on floor under a brown mat.", "a dog under a dog bed on a white background", "There is a dog playing with a dog bed"]
["A small group of zebras that are eating grass. ", "Three zebras are eating grass in a field", "Three zebras standing in the grass near each other.", "Several zebras that are grazing on some grass.", "Three zebras feeding on the grass on the field. "]
["The man runs through the field as he throws the frisbee.", "A young man tossing a white frisbee over a lush green field.", "A boy is about to catch a frisbee.", "a child catches a frisbe on the grass", "A boy trying to catch a frisbee while outside with building."]
["a puppy sleeping on the floor by a remote control", "A small dog laying down next to a TV remote.", "A little puppy laying down next to a remote.", "A puppy sleeping next to a tv remote. ", "A small puppy taking a nap next to a controller."]
["An adorable brown and black dog rolling on it's back.", "A little dog rolling around next to a remote control.", "A dog is on its back next to a remote control", "A DOG IS LYING ON HIS BACK PAWS UP", "This chihuahua is barely bigger than the television remote."]
["Vehicles on a road near zebras and gazelle.", "An animal that is by car in the grass.", "Various animals grazing in open area near a vehicle with observers", "A blue s.u.v is parked by a field.", "Zebras are grazing next to a car in a field."]
["a couple of zebras are standing in a field", "Two zebras leaning against each other in an open field. ", "Young zebra standing next to an adult one", "A couple of giraffe standing on top of a grass covered field.", "Two zebras stand in an open field in front of a small cluster of trees."]
["A couple of dogs sitting in front of a metal structure.", "Two fake dogs sit in front of a building. ", "statues of two dogs sitting in front of a building ", "A couple of dog statues next to some pallets and fire extinguishers.", "There are two fake dogs outside a warehouse."]
["A couple of pretty young ladies holding kittens.", "Girls holding kittens while they are being pet.", "Two women hold cats while others pet the cats.", "Girls holding kittens in an outdoor space ", "Girls holding up small white and grey kittens together. "]
["A dog sniffing a bicycle U-lock attached to a blue bike", "a dog that is standing next to a bike", "A young dog chained to a pole next to a bike.", "A dog tied to a pole stands near a bike.", "a close up of a dog tethered to a pole "]
["Two zebra standing side by side next to a pile of stones.", "A zebra biting another zebras face by some rocks.", "Two beautiful zebra's, one brushing up against the other.", "Two zebras are playing inside a fenced area. ", "One zebra playfully neighs at the other in their enclosure."]
["A dog laying on the beach in the sand", "A brown and black dog laying on the beach shore.", "A dog lying down on the beach. ", "A large brown dog laying on a sandy beach.", "A dog laying on the sand at a beach near some water."]
["A man plays with a Frisbee while a crowd looks on. ", "A man holding a neon yellow frisbee in his right hand.", "This man is in the middle of an ultimate Frisbees competition ", "A man that is getting ready to throw a frisbee.", "A man winding up with a frisbee on a court."]
["Two men in yellow shirts in a Frisbee competition.", "Man manipulating a frisbee at a demonstration, with lots of onlookers.", "Two men standing together and one has a frisbee in his hand while people watch. ", "Two people playing Frisbee are being watched by a group of people.", "Two men playing a game of frisbee while an audience watches."]
["A couple of zebras are in a brushy field.", "A couple of zebra standing on a lush green field.", "The zebras are working their way through the brush.", "these are zebras sitting in a field and dirt", "A group of zebras is grazing among some bushes."]
["A couple of zebras are walking through undergrowth.", "A couple of zebra walking across a dirt field.", "two zebras some dirt bushes plants rocks and trees", "two zebras standing next to a tree ", "Two zebras walking through the dry ground area"]
["A zebra in scrub land with small trees behind.", "A zebra stands in the wild surrounded by plants and trees", "A single adult zebra walking in the wild.", "A lone zebra is grazing in the open field", "A zebra standing in some tall grass by a tree."]
["A zebra walking through the grass next to a bush.", "A zebra walking across a dry grass field.", "A single Zebra walks through the desert bushes.", "A zebra is walking through the brush in the sun ", "A zebra walking through an arid scrubland area."]
["A man holding up a yellow frisbee while smiling.", "A man holding a frisbee in the field close to some buildings", "a male in a tan shirt and a frisbee", "A man is holding a frisbee that reads \"queer' on it.", "a close up of a person holding a frisbee in a field"]
["Two zebras grazing on an open field while the third watches", "A group of three zebra standing next to each other.", "A group of zebras on a grassy patch next to dirt field.", "a close up of three zebras on a field with a desert background", "some zebras are standing in some bushes "]
["A man is holding a flying disk over his face.", "A man holding up a yellow frisbee front of his face.", "A man covering himself with a yellow frisbee", "A man is holding a frisbee to cover his face.", "A man is covering his face with a frisbee."]
["Two girls and a guy showing off their frisbees.", "Three young people are holding numbers and frisbees.", "A group of people holding up numbers and frisbees.", "A picture of some people holding up some sign.", "Three kids posing for a picture with frisbees."]
["A man tossing a white frisbee on a lush green field.", "A man playing Frisbee and/or soccer in the grass.", "A young man is outside playing with a ball and frisbee.", "Man in unmown field trying to catch two frisbees.", "A person stands near a flying Frisbee and soccer ball."]
["A man is holding several throwing discs with other people standing or sitting around.", "A man with no fashion sense holding several frisbees.", "guy wearing a hat holds a white plate", "A man in a red shirt holding a different colored frisbees", "A man wearing a hat stands holding multiple Frisbees."]
["a person in a dress on top of a horse", "a woman with black shoes riding a horse side saddle", "A woman in a skirt is side saddling on a horse.", "A woman on a horse her legs hanging off the side.", "A woman's feet are dangling as she sits on a horse."]
["a man rides on a horse near a blue car", "A man riding a horse standing next to a blue truck.", "a polo player on a horse following the ball on the ground ", "A person riding a horse while playing polo.", "Polo game with brown horse and rider about to hit the ball"]
["A group of people on some horses in the grass.", "Five polo players on horses in a field.", "Group of horse riders wearing jerseys on the backs of horses. ", "Two teams are riding horses while playing polo.", "Four men riding horses playing a round of cricket."]
["Two polo players on horses on a polo field near parked cars.", "Two riders on horseback are playing polo as people watch.", "Two riders sit atop horses in polo uniforms", "Two people playing a game of polo in the park.", "Two men riding horses playing a game on a field."]
["A man tending to a brown horse next to a white trailer.", "The man is fixing to ride his horse today.", "A rider and saddled horse standing near a trailer.", "a man in a a hat i standing with a horse", "A man is putting riding gear on a horse."]
["Two men dressed as confederate soldiers during a reenactment. ", "These two men are dressed in costumes for their play. ", "Two men in civil war era uniforms riding horses.", "A man dressed in a Civil War outfit on a horse looking at a cell phone.", "Some guys in military uniforms riding some horses."]
["A canoe in water, with one person swimming.", "A white boat with people is on the water.", "An object floats in the water in front of a small boat.", "A PERSON SWIMMING WITH A BOAT NEAR TO HIM.", "A boat next to a an animal swimming in water."]
["A man riding on the back of a white horse.", "a police on a big white horse in front of a retail store", "A man with a hard hat and yellow construction shirt sitting on a horse downtown.", "A man is sitting on a horse next to a store.", "People are petting a horse that has a cop riding it."]
["Man rides a horse down a city street.", "a young man rides a horse down a paved pedestrian area in a town", "A boy riding a horse down a street past a traffic light.", "A man riding on the back of a horse running down a street.", "A man riding on the back of a brown horse."]
["Two men are on horses in the street near other people.", "Two police officers on horseback on a city street.", "Two police officers' horses have made a mess", "Two people that are on top of two horses.", "Two cops on horseback with feces on the ground."]
["A zebra looks over it's shoulder while standing in a dry grass field.", "A zebra walking around in the dead grass looking back.", "Single zebra standing alone out in the wild.", "A zebra walking in a dried grassy field", "There is a zebra in the middle of a grassland area. "]
["A couple of zebra standing next to a rhino.", "A zebra with its face towards the ground and a rhinoceros under a tree.", "Zebras and Rhinos are sharing the same are together. ", "Zebras and other animals standing beside a bunch of trees. ", "Rhinos and giraffes are standing close together eating."]
["a zeebra running on a grass feild in a park", "A zebra running across a grass covered field.", "A zebra trotting around a field of grass and trees", "A zebra running through some grass and past some tall bushes. ", "A zebra running in a field towards the camera."]
["A street scene with a horse and carriage.", "A horse pulls a covered wagon filled with people.", "a horse and carriage carrying people down the road. ", "A horse and carriage are traveling with a group of people.", "A large horse carrying a wagon full of people."]
["A group of horses walking down the street", "A group of horses are running on the street.", "A group of horses walking down a street next to brick buildings.", "Horses travel down a narrow city street with a car following.", "a bunch of horses are walking down the road"]
["A nattily dressed man and woman stand next to a horse. ", "A coach driver in a top hat speaking with a woman in a floral dress and hat.", "Several people standing on the street and looking at a horse.", "A crowd of people standing on a sidewalk near tall buildings.", "People on a sidewalk dressed up and a man with a horse "]
["a road filled with cars, horses, and people ", "a group of people in a street with a horse and vehicle", "a large group  of people walking among horses and sheep", "some people are walking around a brick sidewalk area", "Several people and animals are standing in the street."]
["A horse with a blanket on it eating hay.", "A horse eating food while standing on top of a field.", "The horse has a blue tarp tied over it.", "a mule reaches its head over a fence ", "A horse with a blanket on its back eats hay from a bucket. "]
["Three horses in their pasture on a farm.", "some horses standing around close to a barn ", "There is a farm with horses grazing in it.", "Horses grazing in a field near a barn and house.", "Three horses are grazing in a pasture beside a barn. "]
["A large brown horse walking across a grass covered field.", "a brown horse with black man walking around in a field ", "A large brown plow horse in a field of grass.", "A large brown horse walking through a large field.", "a horse walking on a grass field next to a hill"]
["A group of young children walking around a street.", "Group of women in the middle of the street with backpacks.", "Several girls standing in the middle of a street with one lying on the ground.", "Girl laying down in the street with others look on and a horse drawn carriage parked at the curb.", "School aged girls in street, talking, while one lies on payment with horse drawn carriage in background."]
["a couple of people that are on a buggy ", "A horse buggy taking a stroll on a bright sunny day.", "a couple of horses are pulling a carriage", "a horse carriage pulling a small amount of people in a park", "A horse drawn carriage is traveling along a walkway."]
["A horse in bridle being led out of a stall.", "A small horse standing on top of dry grass.", "A horse being led out of a stall.", "A horse that is standing in the hay.", "A horse makes its way out of the stable."]
["A BLACK AND WHITE PIC OF A MAN AND A HORSE ", "A man in armor is seated on a wood frame by a horse.", "A man sits on a pile of logs beside his horse.", "A man sitting on a bench next to a horse.", "a man holding a horse dressed like a knight"]
["Two horses nuzzling each other in a field.", "Two horses nuzzle each other in a grassy field.", "Two brown horses are nuzzle to nuzzle on the grass.", "A young foal nuzzling its mother in the nose.", "A horse touching another horse nose to nose.  "]
["A couple of brown horses laying on top of a grass field.", "A larger standing horse is standing protectively over a smaller resting horse in some tall grass.   ", "A horse looking towards a foal in a field of grass", "A brown horse and foal in a green field.", "two horses in a field one with a white stripe down its nose"]
["a couple of people standing on top of a field.", "a person who is sitting on top of a horse.", "a few cowboys stand watching some animals outside", "Two women are watching a man ride by on a horse.", "A couple in a field with a guy on a horse going by."]
["A man riding a horse over a red and white striped pole.", "A jockey is on a brown horse with a crowd watching.", "A jockey in a horse racing competition jumping a hurdle with his horse ", "A female jockey riding horseback at a large event.", "Man riding a brown horse over a jump at a horse jumping competition."]
["This is a picture of horse going over a obstacle in a race.", "A young woman jumping her horse of a fence.", "A woman on a white horse jumping over obstacles.", "A woman on a hours jumps a high fence.", "A woman riding on the back of a white horse."]
["a group of people walking on an elevated walkway", "Horse is being led down an alley with a Jockey", "A jockey and horse waiting to be in a race.", "Horse with a jockey photographed from above with other people around.", "A person walking  a horse and jockey down a narrow entrance corridor."]
["The child riding on the horse looks unsure.", "a child riding a horse in a green field.", "A boy in grey shirt riding on a horse.", "Small child riding on the back of a black and white horse.", "tHERE IS A YOUNG BOY RIDING A HORSE"]
["a baseball player is running down a field", "A man is playing baseball and running bases.", "a man running on a baseball field in front of a crowd of people", "A baseball player running on a field while holding a bat.", "A baseball player is running to a base. "]
["Boy running around bases with boy looking other way ", "A professional baseball player running around a base on the field", "The man was playing softball  and running to bases", "A baseball player runs as fast as he can to the next base.", "A baseball player running the bases at a game "]
["A player running the bases in a baseball game.", "some baseball players are playing baseball on a field", "A baseball player pointing up to the sky.", "A baseball player pointing up as another runs to him.", "A baseball game with a player hand up stating their team is number one."]
["A woman standing in an isle at a farmers market.", "People shopping at a farmer's market for fresh food. ", "A very large farmers market with customers waiting for samples.", "THERE IS A LARGE FRUIT STAND AT THE OPEN MARKET", "Customers purchasing produce in an open farmer's market."]
["Four photographs of Tex-Mex Squash Casserole are displayed.", "The picture features four different varieties of a dish.", "Four images of dishes with food in them", "Some various images of some tasty looking food.", "A picture with four different plates of food"]
["A man rides a bicycle carrying snow skis.", "A man carrying a bag and some skis down a street.", "Man on bicycle pulling trailer with attached skis. ", "A man on his bicycle converted to carry his skis", "a person that is riding their bike down the road"]
["some baseball players playing baseball on a field", "a baseball player prepares to hit the ball ", "A batter, catcher and umpire during a baseball game.", "Baseball player in a blue jersey swinging at a baseball. ", "A batter getting ready to hit his pitch."]
["A baseball pitcher on the mound throwing a pitch.", "A baseball player pitching a baseball during a game on a baseball field.", "Catcher in baseball game running with ball in hand ready to throw.", "A baseball player is holding out the ball to pitch.", "University of Iowa pitcher throwing a two seam fast ball."]
["A baseball player hopes to be safe while sliding into base.", "some baseball players are playing baseball on a field", "Baseball players in white uniforms playing in red dirt", "A baseball player pitching a ball with mud all over his buttocks.", "A man runs toward a base on a baseball field\n"]
["A man holding an orange slice in his mouth.", "a man has a mustache made of the juice he is holding ", "a guy with an orange mustache and an orange drink", "Man with an orange mustache from a drink posing for the camera.", "A young man drinks a smoothie while posing for a camera."]
["Close up on bunches of yellow ripe bananas.", "Several bunches of yellow bananas in a box. ", "A bunch of bananas still stuck together off of the tree.", "The bananas are being displayed on the shelf.", "A close shot of a ton of bananas. "]
["An old photograph of three baseball players, one with a bat.", "Vintage black and white photo of three baseball players.", "Three men are shown in this old black and white photo", "This is an old picture of three baseball players.", "An old photograph shows three older baseball players."]
["A group of baseball players standing on a field next to each other.", "There are some baseball players standing in a green field", "A baseball team talks with coaches on the outside of the field.", "A baseball team standing in a circle along one of the baselines.", "A group of players stand on the field."]
["A plate with a slice of cake on top of it next to a fork.", "A slice of cake and a fork on a plate.", "A nice slice of cake on a plate with a fork.", "A piece of cake with layers sits on a white plate with a silver fork.", "A delicious piece of tiramisu being displayed on a white plate."]
["A baseball player in a white and black uniform holds onto a black bat as a ball is in mid air in front of him.", "A baseball game in progress with the batter up to plate.", "a close up of a baseball player leaning out of the way of a pitch", "That man is about ready to hit the baseball during the game. ", "a professional baseball player captured during mid swing"]
["A couple of baseball players in uniform standing in a field.", "A baseball player contorts his body as he throws a ball.", "A man in a pitching pose with a glove near  another man with a glove.", "A baseball player is running to catch a ball.", "A pitcher has just thrown a baseball and another player is in the background."]
["a baseball player swings his bat at a baseball ", "A man playing baseball swinging at a ball.", "A baseball player is attempting to swing and hit the ball. ", "A baseball player swinging a bat over home plate.", "A man has swung at a pitch by a catcher."]
["A man unloading a basket filled with lots of oranges.", "A man sorting oranges in a shopping cart.", "A store clerk gathering oranges from a shopping cart to fill a display box.", "A man taking out oranges from a trolley  in a store", "a man reachiing in to a basket filled with oranges"]
["A variety of fruit is displayed while a person sits at a lunch counter.", "A pile of fruit sitting on a sidewalk outside of a market.", "A market with vegetables and fruits for sale.", "A fruit stand with a variety of fruits.", "A table of fruits is laid out in buffet style at a restaurant."]
["A professional baseball game being played at night", "A baseball player getting ready to throw the ball from a base ", "A man throwing a baseball on a field near a man on a mound.", "First baseman throwing a ball on a field", "A baseball player about to throw the ball during a game."]
["A pitcher is about to throw the ball to the batter. ", "The pitcher is winding up to make the pitch.", "He is getting ready to pitch the ball.", "A pitcher, a batter, and an umpire on a field", "The pitcher is getting ready to throw the ball and the batter is getting ready to hit the ball."]
["Brown baskets filled with lots of oranges on display at a grocery store.", "A carpeted table with baskets full of oranges", "A table laid out with baskets of oranges for sale.", "Baskets for oranges for sale on an astroturf lined table.", "Mandarin/tangerine oranges in baskets, on green artificial turf covered folding tables."]
["Dinner plate with pork chop, pasta and vegetables on it.", "A plate with meat chops, broccoli and pasta on it", "A white plate topped with meat, pasta and broccoli.", "a plate with three kinds of food on it", "A porkchop with penne pasta and broccoli on a dinner plate."]
["Someone preparing a few bananas in a bowl.", "A number of bananas in a bowl with someone smashing them.", "Several bananas in a bowl are being mashed.", "Someone is mashing bananas with the blade from a hand mixer.", "A bowl of banana being mushed with a mixer handle. "]
["A table is set with the fixings for bacon, lettuce and tomato sandwiches.", "The makings for BLTs are plated, along with a pitcher of iced tea.", "A table with the contents of sandwich and a drink.", "There's toast with lettuce, tomatoes, and bacon with a pitcher of a drink.", "The ingredients for a bacon, lettuce, tomato sandwich are on the table."]
["A bun with an egg and cheese and bacon", "A bacon and egg sandwich with cheese on a white plate.", "a breakfast sandwich with bacon, an egg and some cheese", "A breakfast sandwich with egg, cheese, and bacon.", "A homemade version of a popular breakfast sandwich is much tastier."]
["A plate with a hot meat and cheese sandwich.", "there is a type of sandwich and a side on a blue plate", "A food entree is served on a plate.", "A prepared plate of food has a sandwich and salad.", "blue plate on a table with meat sandwich and sidedish"]
["A bagel sandwich with scrambled egg and bacon.", "A poppy seed bagel sandwich with eggs and meat.", "Scrambled eggs and sausage on a poppy seed bagel.", "A breakfast bagel with eggs and bacon sits on a counter.", "A bagel with egg, and other ingriedents on a plate. "]
["A meatball sandwich is smothered with melted cheese.", "A large meatball sandwich covered in marinara sauce.", "A big meatball and cheese sandwich sitting on a plate.", "a meat ball and cheese sub on toasted bread ", "a cheesy meatball sandwich sits on a plate "]
["A group of people sitting around a table.", "A group of people are all sitting around a table outside", "A group of men sitting outdoors and having a picnic.", "A group of older men are seated around a table outside.", "A group of men sitting around a table outside."]
["A woman in a full body ski suit and goggles, skiing on a snow covered slope with a mascot on the side.", "A woman is in motion on snow skis.", "The racing skier wears a set of goggles.", "This is an image of a woman snow skiing.", "A woman in a blue outfit cross-country skiing."]
["A crowd sits in the stands as baseball players are on the field.", "Several people sitting on bleachers watching people play a baseball game.", "A baseball field with players and a crowd of spectators.", "A baseball field with a huge crowd watching and players playing.", "The professional baseball players are on a field in front of a full crowd."]
["A couple of plastic containers filled with food.", "Bento boxes full of fresh fruit and vegetables ", "A healthy meal with various fruits and vegetables.", "Two tins of vegetables with carrots cut as stars.", "a lunch box with many different food items"]
["Assortment of fruits and vegetables displayed in blue trays.", "A couple of trays of broccoli, carrots, cucumbers, tomatoes and dried fruit.", "a couple of trey filled with fruits and vegetables ", "Two trays of food hold carrots, broccoli, tomatoes, cucumbers, oranges and cranberries.", "a couple of trays that has some food on them"]
["A slice of cheese pizza on a white and gold plate.", "A piece of pizza sits on a white plate that has gold accents.", "A slice of pizza sits on a plate along.", "a close up of a slice of pizza on a plate ", "A piece of pizza sitting on a plate."]
["a man in overalls thats painted yellow is holding a banana", "The yellow bald man is holding a banana. ", "a guy painted yellow with blue overalls holding a banana", "A man in overalls painted yellow holding a banana.", "A person wearing a yellow shirt wearing blue suspenders."]
["A plated filled with a fish, potatoes and broccoli.", "A dish of fish, broccoli and potatoes with sauce.", "Fish, small potatoes and broccoli are arranged on the plate.", "A plate is adorned with a tiny fish sitting on a bed of broccoli, potatoes and carrots.", "A plate with fish, potatoes, carrots and broccoli."]
["A piece of chocolate cake with three different colored icing drops on it.", "A delicious looking slice of red velvet cake with chocolate frosting.", "A piece of chocolate cake with chocolate frosting", "A cake that is half eaten on a plate.", "A piece of cake is sitting on a plate."]
["A cup of ice cream with chocolate syrup and bananas", "A cup of ice cream with chocolate sauce and banana pieces.", "There is a bowl of ice cream with toppings.", "a close up ofa cup of ice cream and bananas ", "A cup of ice cream with chocolate syrup and bananas."]
["A baseball player pitching a ball towards a hitter.", "A young baseball player in black and white swings the bat.", "BASEBALL PLAYERS IN BLACK WHITE PLAYING A GAME", "A batter attempts to swing at the pitch. ", "A baseball player is swinging his bat at a ball."]
["Three people standing next to each other holding ski equipment.", "three people holding skis standing near each other", "Three skiers walking through the snow carrying their skis.", "Three people on snowy hill carrying their skis.", "an image of three women that are on skiis"]
["A couple of young people standing next to each other on the snow.", "Two kids, on in red and one in blue, stand on snow skis in the snow holding their ski poles.", "Two kids smile while standing on skis in the snow.", "Two children posing with ski gear on in the snow. ", "Two small children pose together with skis and poles."]
["Three demonic looking dummies standing next to each other on a snow covered slope.", "There are three ski mannequins set up on a slope", "Three mannequins on display showing various forms of skiing. ", "Various statues created to look similar to people skiing on a slope.", "Three people on snow skis while one also has wheels."]
["A slice of vanilla and chocolate cake siting on top of a white plate.", "A mouthwatering piece of cake on a plate.", "A delicious slice of chocolate marble cheesecake is on a plate.", "A cut piece of cake that is sitting on a plate.", "The piece of pie is layered and contains chocolate."]
["A piece of pie and a fork sit on a white saucer.", "A piece of cake on a plate with  a fork.", "White Corel plate with gold flowers with piece of cream filled cake and chocolate frosting.", "A piece of cake on a plate with cream filling next to a fork.", "A chocolate cake sitting on a plate with a fork. "]
["A type of food with various types of meat.", "Some meat and vegetables are shown in this photo.", "a food item covered with unidentifialbe products on top of it", "A toasted meal that has neat and cheese on it", "A slice of pizza sitting on top of a white plate."]
["A group of children on skis lined up ", "A group of bundled of skiers getting ready for a trail.", "Four young children on skis standing in the snow", "A group of young people riding skis through the snow.", "Four young skiers stand together in the snow."]
["a kid with two bananas on each side of his head", "A young boy holds two bananas against his face.", "Cute little boy holding up two bananas to the side of his head", "a child wearing a striped shirt holding two bananas.", "A young boy smiling while holding two bananas up to his face."]
["A group of people skiing around a snow covered slope.", "A photo at a mountain resort with people on skis.", "Many skiers are traveling along through the snow.", "Several people are in a vast snowy area.", "Skiers in snow suits on, wearing skis during the winter in the snow. "]
["A man standing on top of a skateboard ramp.", "Skateboarders wait on the ledge of a skateboard park for their turn", "A bunch of kids standing on top of a skateboarding ramp.", "A group of kids take turns skateboarding on a ramp. ", "A group of people standing with skateboards on a skate ramp."]
["A group of people watching a man skateboard.", "A crowd came to watch the boys skateboard. ", "A group of people watching someone on a skateboard.", "People watching a kid skateboard on a half-pipe.", "Boys ride on skate boards as a crowd looks on."]
["A couple of men standing on top of a snow covered slope.", "Two people on skiis in the snow near a mountain.", "two men in skiis posing for a picture ", "a couple of people pose on a snowy hill", "two male snow skiers both in black jackets"]
["A plate with a steak, steamed broccoli and noodles.", "A plate of food including mushrooms and broccoli.", "The pate as a steak, broccoli and a bowl with some mushrooms in it.", "The steak and broccoli is next to a bowl of soup. ", "A steak is served on a plate with vegetables and a side dish that includes mushrooms."]
["A couple of middle eastern dishes with fruit and herbs.", "Trays of food that include couscous, apples, and raisins.", "some food is laying out on blue plates", "a close up of two plastic containers of food ", "The blue plastic trays are filled with food. "]
["A man wearing red is skiing down a hill.", "A skier dressed in red slides down the slope", "A skier going quickly without the poles on a slope. ", "A skier moves down the slope with trees in the background.", "A person in a red snowsuit riding on skis on a slope."]
["some broccoli and shredded carrots sitting on a cutting board with a knife ", "on a cutting board the is a knife some broccoli and carrots", "A chopping board has a head fo broccoli and sliced carrots on it.", "A head of broccoli and package of carrots on a cutting board.", "A white cutting board with a head of broccoli and a bag of carrots.\n"]
["A man cross-country skiing on a snowy city street", "a person riding skis on a city street", "A female is walking through the snow on a sidewalk on skis.", "A woman cross country skiing through a neighborhood path.", "Person with a red jacket skiing next to a building. "]
["Array of dishes with fruit inside them on the kitchen countertop", "four bowls each containing different foods some have vegetables and some have fruit and vegetables", "Four bowls filled with different types of foods on top of a table.", "a couple of bowls with some fruit and vegetables inside of them", "Four bowls filled with various fruits and vegetables."]
["a big plate of food that has some bread on it", "Some food and bread on a plate on a table.", "A piece of bread that is on a plate of food.", "Bread, roast, and broccoli are sitting on a dinner plate.", "a plate filled with assorted meats and some bread"]
["A man on a skateboard performs a trick on the ground.", "the person is riding a skateboard and jumping ", "A man flying through air on a skateboard.", "This is a picture of a skateboarding  doing a trick in the air.", "Someone doing tricks on a skateboard on a sidewalk."]
["A plate of broccoli and meat stir fried ", "A plate topped with a bacon and broccoli salad.", "A plate is covered with broccoli and pieces of bacon.", "Cooked chicken and broccoli on a white plate", "Close up picture of a broccoli and bacon dish"]
["A table topped with lots of glasses of wine.", "A couple of people with wine glasses on a table.", "A man and woman at a table filled with wine glasses", "Variety of wines in glasses await a tasting for a man and woman.", "A man and woman are seated at a table with many glasses of wine."]
["Several wine glasses lined up on a white counter", "A close view of clear wine glasses on top of a counter.", "Clear wine glasses lined up on a long bar", "Wine glasses lined up next to each other on the table", "Wine glasses are sitting lined up on a counter."]
["a square plate with a piece of meat and some mixed veggies ", "A plate of broccoli, meat and other food on it beside a fork and knife. ", "A tbone steak on a plate with a little salad as a side", "A very overcooked piece of meat rests beside some broccoli on a plate. ", "A plate with steak, vegetables, and cheese. "]
["A man riding a skateboard down an ally.", "A man on a big skateboard bending his body.", "A man riding his skateboard in the middle of  a street", "a man skateboards down a busy street in between building ", "A longboard skateboarder rides down a street while balancing."]
["A store filled with lots of fresh produce on display.", "An outdoor market is displayed with several vegetables on the table.", "A market with a bunch of bins displaying food.", "a store with a big display of vegetables for sale ", "An open market has a large variety of vegetables."]
["A cupcake on a plate on a red checkered tablecloth", "The cupcake is frosted with a tasty icing.", "A cupcake on a white saucer with cinnamon near apples.", "A cupcake with cinnamon sticks on a plate  and apples.", "A muffin on a plate with apples behind it"]
["Several different types of vegetables laid out on a tabletop.", "Carrots, green beans, radishes and other vegetables laid out on a table.", "A table filled with different types of vegetables.", "Display of vegetables, green leafy type, green beans, carrots radish and red cabbage.", "This is a picture of many different types of vegetables."]
["A seated child rides with an older person on a skateboard.", "A person riding a skateboard as a small child rides on the board.", "A person and a child travel on a skateboard together.", "Person standing on skateboard and a kid sitting on one. ", "A person and a child ride on a skateboard in this black and white photo."]
["a man is in the air on a skateboard", "A boy jumping with a skate board while others look on.", "People watching a skateboarder fly at a skate park", "a male skateboarder in a white shirt is doing a trick", "A group of skateboarders perform in a park."]
["A cute little girl riding a skateboard in a store.", "a young child on a skate board on a wooden floor", "Little girl standing on a skate board in a sporting goods department.", "A pre-school girl standing on a skateboard in a toy store", "Girl in black dress standing on a skateboard in a store aisle."]
["A white bowl filled with salad and plastic eating utensils.", "Mixed bowl of orange, yellow, and green vegetables. ", "a bowl full of mixed veggies in a cole slaw type mix\n", "A spoon in a bowl of shredded vegetable salad", "A fresh cut salad with dressing and serving tongs."]
["A variety of foods are mixed in a bowl.", "A white bowl with a salad that includes carrots and crab.", "A carrot salad mixed with other shredded vegetables and raisins.", "A coleslaw mixture in a bowl with a spoon.", "an image of a bowl of vegetables strewn together"]
["A pile of carrots and other vegetables on  a tray.", "A platter of veggies including, broccoli, carrots, and possibly potatoes.", "Large tray of vegetables, carrots, potatoes, sprouts and radish.", "a plate fileed with assorted veggies and a sliver spoon ", "A bunch of carrots are on a plate next to broccoli. "]
["A sliced sandwich with a pickle on a plate.", "A large sub sandwich and a pickle displayed on a plate.", "A turkey sub sandwich on wheat bread with a pickle spear.", "Close up view of a large sandwich and pickle on a plate.", "A very large toasted sandwich with a pickle on the side."]
["A bowl of soup that has some carrots, shrimp, and noodles in it.", "The healthy food is in the bowl and ready to eat. ", "Soup has carrots and shrimp in it as it sits next to chopsticks.", "A tasty bowl of ramen is served for someone to enjoy. ", "Bowl of Asian noodle soup, with shrimp and carrots."]
["A wooden spatula in a bowl with shredded carrot.", "A pan with food in it and a spatula.", "A bowl with cheese and a wooden spoon", "there are several different cheeses in a bowl", "A bowl of food with a spoon inside to mix it up."]
["The table is covered with many different vegetables.", "Bunches of carrots, beets, radishes, and multiple lettuces displayed on a table.", "A bunch of various vegetables that are on a table.", "A pile of green vegetables on top of a cutting board.", "assorted vegetables including carrots, cabbage, beets, lettuce. "]
["Three dishes of food on a green surface.", "Freshly cut lettuce, onions and carrots sit on separate plates atop a green matt", "Three bowls of vegetables, carrots onions and lettuce.", "Chopped up vegetables in bowls featuring lettuce, red onion and carrots.", "Bowls of chopped carrots, onion and lettuce on a turquoise mat.", "One bowl each of chopped onions, shredded carrots and lettuce on a turquoise mat."]
["Plates of food on a buffet table including lettuce, onions, cheese, and carrots.", "plates holding assorted cut veggies like onions, lettuce and carrots", "A table topped with plates of lettuce and vegetables.", "Four seperate plates each holding a different vegetable", "fourt plates of vegetables and fruit sitting individually in each"]
["A person skis down a slope of snow", "A person racing down a hill on skis.", "A person on skis is going down a ski slope.", "a pro skier is riding down a snowy hill", "A person is skiing down a mountain next to a  blue line in the snow."]
["A white plate topped with chicken friend pork.", "A plate of food has gravy on top of chicken.", "A dinner plate with a meal and peppers and vegetables, mostly covered in gravy", "A plate with an enormous portion of gravy topped food and a side of veggies.", "A white plate of food with vegetables, fried steak and gravy."]
["Several different boys on skateboards on a ramp.", "Kids at a skate board part waiting for their turn to go down a ramp.", "A group of men on skateboards at top of a ramp.", "A group of skateboarders on the end of a half pipe.", "Skateboarders waiting to hear the go ahead word to skate down a ramp."]
["A piece of cake on a plate with some juice by it", "A slice of cake sitting on top of a white plate with a knife.", "The half eaten desert is next to a glass of juice.", "an image of a piece of dessert on a plate with juice", "A slice of cake sitting on a plate with an open book in the background."]
["People on skis are entering a snow tunnel. ", "several men skiing into a large tunnel of snow", "A man in his ski gear is posing for the camera as others look on. ", "Skiers stand at the entrance of a tunnel in the snow.", "Men skiing on a snow bank outside a cave."]
["a couple of treys full of food sit next to each other ", "A table that has various trays of food.", "The meals are ready in their individual containers. ", "Three pink plastic containers of food including fruits, vegetables, and dip.", "Three open lunchboxes containing a variety of colorful food."]
["A peson on a snowboard moving through snowy field.", "A man riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.", "A person traveling down a hill walking in snow shoes.", "A skier is skiing quickly down a mountain.", "The man is snowboarding or walking in the dark."]
["A white plate full of food with meat and veggies. ", "A plate layered with gravy, potatoes, beef, orange peppers and lettuce leaves on top.", "A plate of meat and potatoes in a gourmet style topped with greens and carrots. ", "A plate of potatoes and beef covered in brown gravy.", "A plate of soup with meat, potatoes, carrots and greens"]
["A hot dog sitting on top of a wrapper next to a receipt.", "a hot dog sitting on a wrapper with the receipt ", "Hot dog with green topping sitting in a plate with a napkin. ", "A basket of food that includes a hotdog with a receipt.", "A hotdog with relish in a basket with a receipt."]
["a hot dog with carrot pieces in a bun", "A sausage sandwich with carrots, onions and mayonnaise is in a white dish. ", "A hot dog in a white paper container.", "There is a hot dog bun with carrots, mayo, and bacon. ", "A sausage on a bun with all the best trimmings to munch."]
["A colorful hot dog on a white dish with an iced beverage.", "A hot dog with toppings and a drink on a table.", "A hot dog with condiments and a glass full of soda sits on top of a diner table.", "A hot dog with many condiments sits next to a drink.", "A hot dog and drink sit on a table."]
["A man holding a white puppy and a red leash.", "A man putting a hot dog bun on a puppy and pretending to eat it", "a man in a yellow shirt holding a white dog and making a face", "A man holding a hot dog bun beside his puppy. ", "A man who is pretending to bite a puppy."]
["A man on a skateboard is jumping over a pile of blocks.", "a man in the air with a skate board being watched by a crowd of people", "A man riding a skateboard into the air.", "A young man is jumping over a ramp on his skateboard.", "A guy jumping a skateboard over an obstacle."]
["The little boy on the skateboard is wearing a helmet. ", "A young boy riding a skateboard across a cement walking area.", "a small boy in a helmet rides his skateboard on a paved area", "The little boy is on his skateboard riding outside.", "A boy riding a skateboard in the middle of the road."]
["A skateboarder is balancing on a short half pipe.", "A skateboard being ridden on a half-pipe while others look on.", "A view of someone's legs on a skateboard ramp at a skate board park. ", "A person riding a skateboard on a ramp.", "A person on a skateboard does a trick on a ramp."]
["A person is doing a skateboard trick outdoors.", "A person on a skateboard does a trick in the air.", "Teenager jumping off of a ramp on a skateboard.", "a person jumping a skate board in the air", "A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard."]
["Black and white photograph of man riding a skateboard.", "A man with a helmet skateboards in a pipe.", "A man skateboards in a helmet and protective gear.", "The man is practicing riding his skateboard with a helmet on. ", "an image of a man doing tricks on a skateboard"]
["a person riding a skate board in a pool", "A skateboarder is balancing on the rim of a bowl.", "A man riding up the side of an empty pool on a skateboard.", "Man on a yellow skateboard grinding his board on concrete. ", "A MAN PLAYING IWTH A SKATE BOARD JUMPING "]
["A man skate boarding in a pool with another man looking on. ", "A guy on a skate board riding a big ramp.", "A guy riding ramps on his skate board.", "A man on a skateboard doing a trick for his friend.", "a person in glasses skating very high an another watching"]
["A plae with a sandwich cut in half and french fries.", "Meat hoagie with french fries and cole slaw on a plate.", "A photo of french fries, a sandwich and sauce on a plate", "A plate with a sandwich, fries and a dipping sauce.", "Someone's plate of food that has french fries and a sandwich. "]
["A little girl holding a hot dog and a drink.", "A girl holding a hot dog and a cup of juice.", "A girl in pink shirt holding a hotdog and a drink in cup.", "Kids holding up a beverage and hot dog sandwiches.", "A small girl has a hot dog and a drink."]
["A man riding a snowboard through the air above a snow covered field.", "A snowboarder in gear  doing a jump in the air ", "A person on a snowboard in the air near a group of people.", "a person jumping a snow board in the air", "A snowboarder that is in mid air on his snowboard."]
["A guy is flying high while using his skateboard.", "A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "a skate boarder using an obstacle course doing a jump", "A person lost their skateboard when trying to do a trick in the air", "A boy going up a ramp on his skateboard. "]
["A group of men riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.", "A time lapse image of a snow boarder going over a ramp.", "Several snowboarders in blue jackets jumping over a hill.", "A group of various photos of a person a snowboard.", "The snowboarding is racing down the snow covered hill. "]
["A person is on a snowboard on a ramp.", "The ski lifts are going up the mountain.", "A lift on a snowy hill bordered by image of film roll.", "A person on a snowboard jumping off a pile of snow.", "a person jumping a snow board in the air"]
["A boy on a skateboard doing a jump at a skate park ", "A skateboarder is trying to do a trick. ", "A man is in the air as he performs a stunt.", "this man is doing a trick at a skate park", "a guy on a skate board on the corner of a fence post"]
["A man riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp.", "Man on a skateboard doing a trick on a ramp.\n", "A person jumping up in the air on a skateboard.", "A man with a ponytail is skating up a ramp. ", "A man doing a trick on a skateboard at a skate park. "]
["A man in the air with a skateboard doing a trick.", "a guy preforming a skateboard trick at a skate park", "A skateboarder is in mid air doing a trick.", "A man is doing a trick on a skateboard at a skate park", "A man doing a trick on his skate board"]
["a person jumps a snowboard over the snow", "A person on a snow board jumping the snow board.", "A snow boarder in the air as others watch", "A man flying through the air while riding a snowboard.", "This is a picture of a person snowboarding."]
["A larger blonde woman is eating a hotdog at night. ", "A woman eats a hot dog on the street.", "A woman eating a hot dog with a store window in the background.", "A woman taking a bite of a hotdog in front of Mardi Gras signs.", "A girl eating a hotdog near a Madri Gras masks sign."]
["A snowboarder balances themselves with their arms spread out as they lean over on the board.", "An Olympic snow boarder celebrates at the end of a run.", "A snowboarder executing a turn in an Olympic competition", "An Olympic snowboarder is coming down the slope.", "A boy snowboarding while holding his arms out"]
["A man flying through the air while riding a snowboard.", "A man on his ski board is high in the air. ", "A person doing riding a snowboard in front of a crowd", "there are many people gathered here in the snow", "A man in the air on a snow board at a snowboarding event."]
["Snowboarder in full orange and white gear is airborne.", "A skateboarder negotiates a steep slope next to a crane.", "A guy flies through the air on his snow board. ", "a snowboard high up in the air while doing a trick", "A snowboarder in mid air heading toward the ground."]
["The man has a handlebar mustache and he is eating a hot dog. ", "Guy in glasses and a hat stands near the pickup truck holding a hotdog.", "A man with a mustache is holding a hot dog.", "a man in a hat poses with a hot dog ", "there is a man with a mustache eating a hot dog"]
["Two people are up in the air doing a jump on a snowboard.", "A person who i is jumping up into the air on a snowboard.", "Snowboarder displaying aerial high flying trick in alpine area.", "The man is caught mid air doing a trick on his snowboard. ", "A man on a snowboard is soaring through the air. "]
["A man riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.", "This must be an extreme snowboarder going down that steep run.", "A man in dark clothing is near the ledge of a snowy mountain.", "snowboarder coming down the side of a mountain", "A lone snowboarder doing a trick on a sunny day."]
["On the table was a box of various donuts.", "a dozen donuts are nicely arrange din a box", "An assortment of sweet pastries inside a box.", "Box of various doughnuts on a wooden table.", "There are a lot of different donuts in the box."]
["There is a snow boarder doing a trick in the air", "A person jumping in the air on a snowboard.", "A snowboarder jumps very high as he performs a stunt", "A man on a snow board in front of trees", "A snowboarder flies past some pine trees while jumping."]
["A person wearing winter gear flies over a hill, while on a snowboard", "A person snowboarding is in the middle of the air. ", "A man on a snow board in mid air.", "A snowboarder flies through the air while holding their board with one hand.", "A boy on a snowboard flying through the air"]
["They are jumping on those skis in the snow.", "A MAN SKIING IN A VERY SNOWY MOUNTAIN AND TREES", "A man who is performing a trick on a snowboard.", "there is a snowboarder in the air doing a trick", "A snow boarder making a big jump on a slope"]
["A small containers filled with fried chocolate food.", "a couple of doughnuts that are in a tray", "some food in a paper tray next to a drink", "Food in a paper bowl on a table next to a drink.", "Assorted baked food items in tray next to beverage on table in outdoor area."]
["A pack of \"Hiragishi Donuts\" in a plastic container wrapped in a rubber band.", "Fancy doughnuts in a plastic take out container.", "A container of two Hiragishi Donuts in a plastic bag.", "A tray of sprinkled doughnuts with creme icing.", "a container of donuts kept closed with a rubberband"]
["there is a man that is eating a very large slice of pizza", "A man in glasses eating a large pizza off of the plate. ", "A man takes a bite from a large slice of pizza. ", "A man is eating food in a restaurant.", "A close up of a man holding a plate eating a piece of pizza."]
["The woman is eating a piece of pizza. ", "A woman taking a bite out of a piece of pizza.", "A woman eating a thin crossed cheese pizza. ", "A woman eating a slice of thin crust pizza.", "a women with a piece of pizza in her mouth."]
["A large cheese pizza coming out of an oven.", "There is a pizza in the oven with a lot of cheese on it", "A cheese pizza comes out of an oven.", "A cheese pizza coming out of the oven.", "A cheese pizza that is half way in an oven."]
["A box of glazed doughnuts with a year on them", "One dozen doughnuts with colorful frosting and 2012 on six of them.", "A fox filled with purple, yellow and chocolate donuts.", "A dozen beautifully decorated donuts boxed and ready for sale.", "A dozen glazed doughnuts with different patterns in a box. "]
["A woman sitting outside with a sandwich in her hand.", "A woman is holding a half a long sandwich.", "A woman holding food in her hand while sitting at a table. ", "A woman is holding up a piece of food", "A woman eating food sitting at a table "]
["A woman sitting at a table with a cup of coffee and two donuts.", "A smiling woman sitting at a wooden table with two big donuts on plates.", "A woman sitting in front of a table with donuts on it and coffee. ", "a smiling woman with two cups and two plates with donuts", "A woman seated at table with donuts and coffee."]
["A dessert topped with whipped cream sits on a table. ", "Some very nice looking food items displayed on a big table.", "Desert that has bananas and crumple with whipped cream and ice cream on top", "Brown bananas covered on ice cream and whipped cream", "a close up of a pizza on a pan on a table "]
["Two people standing at a bar eating pastries.", "A man and a woman sitting at a bar eating food together.", "People relaxing at a table with pastries in a restaurant.", "A man, and woman eat lunch at a standing counter.", "A young man and woman share some pastries."]
["There is a long sub sandwich cut into pieces on a table.", "A giant submarine sandwich layed out on a table.", "There is a very large party sub cut into many pieces", "A party sized sub sits on a table ready to be eaten. ", "A very long sand which on a table"]
["Two tables filled with food under a red tent.", "A table lined with snacks on sticks under a tent", "a number of donuts sitting on a table with sticks", "A bunch of doughnuts sit on top of a couple of picnic tables.", "Two bicyclists stand hear an awning and tables covered with food.", "a bunch of donuts spread out  on the table"]
["A young girl eats a pastry in front of a mural of Paris.", "A girl eating a piece of a cinnamon roll with berries.", "A young girl holds a dessert in her hands.", "A girl is eating a pastry at a table.", "A small toddler is snacking on her treats. "]
["The pastry has a substance in the middle of it", "A pastry that has some sort of cream filling. ", "a nice doughnut that has chocolate in it", "A chocolate filled doughnut with sugar sprinkles on the outside.", "A powdered doughnut hole filled with chocolate. "]
["a keyboard and a screen on use by a hand", "A bottle of water near a computer screen and a keyboard with fingers on it.", "A persons hand sitting on top of a laptop computer.", "A person has a hand on a keyboard with a screen on the computer. ", "some fingers sitting on a computer keyboard "]
["A plate with half a sandwich and an ear of corn still in the husk.", "a sandwich and corn on a blue plate", "A garden sandwich along with an uncooked ear of corn.", "A cut in half sandwich on a blue plate.", "A half sandwich on a blue plate and a green vegetable."]
["A boy with a helmet on eating food across from a bicycle.", "A young person holding food looks out a window at a tandem bicycle.", "person wearing a biking helmet eats food outside", "a person siting at a table woth food and a drink", "A person in a helmet is eating a snack, with a glass of water, in front of her blue parked bike. "]
["A young man holding a doughnut sitting at a table.", "A small kid with a red helmet holding some bread.", "A little boy wearing a helmet with a bun in his hand.", "a child sitting at a table with bread ", "a young kid holding a donut by an outdoors table "]
["Close up of a plate with food on it.", "A piece of fish on a sandwich next to a lemon.", "This is a fish sandwich on a bun with a slice of lemon on the side of the plate.", "A sandwich that is on a plate with the top piece of bread off.", "A plate that has bread and chicken on it."]
["A plate of food, including a sandwich and salad, is pictured here.", "a white plastic fork is laying in some food", "A plate with some meat, bread and salad on it", "a dish resting on a plate with a plastic fork", "A plate consisting of meat,inside bread beside a small bowl of chopped vegetables. "]
["People take brownies and oreos off of plates.", "Different desserts are on plates on a counter.", "Desserts are lined up on a table with a person taking one. ", "plates filled with assorted desserts like cookies, brownies, and donuts ", "Desert foods are served on two different plates."]
["A little girl stands at a little red table, with a birthday cake shaped like a gators head on it, with friends and family around her.", "A childs birthday party with a fun shaped birthday cake.", "A three year old's birthday with kids, cake and three candles", "Children gathered around a birthday cake at a party.", "some children are around a chocolate cake with three candles"]
["A large sandwich filled with meat and peppers.", "A ham and chili sandwich is close up.", "Hand and green vegetable sandwich sitting on a napkin. ", "A submarine sandwich has meat and vegetables on it.", "A white bread sandwich has ham and jalapenos in it. "]
["A MAN ON A SURF BOARD IN THE WATER WITH HILLS AND RV'S IN THE BACKGROUND", "A guy sitting on a surfboard floating in the water. ", "A man without a shirt riding a surfboard in the ocean.", "An old white guy is happy that his first surfing adventure went well", "Smiling man takes a break from his RV trip on a surfboard"]
["Surfer in artificial surfing environment on river in waves.", "A man surfing down a flowing river rapid.", "A surfer rides the waves in a stream.  ", "A man wearing a wet suit surfing the rapids.", "A young man ridding a surfboard down the rapids of a river."]
["A man catches a foamy wave on his surfboard.", "A man wildly surfs across the rough waves.", "A man on a surfboard in the water.", "A surfer in a wet suit coming down the face of a wave.", "Man on surfboard surfing on crashing waves "]
["a person riding a surf board on a body of water ", "a man on a surf board riding on the waves", "A man surfboards on a wave in muddy water.", "A man in a black suit is surfing through some rapids", "A surfer rides a wave in turbulent water. "]
["a surfer using man made wave with ease", "A man riding on top of a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.", "a man riding on a surfboard next to a bunch of people ", "A male surfer riding a wave past other surfers.", "Man riding on a surf board near a boardwalk."]
["A person in a wet suit is surfing ", "A woman riding a surfboard on top of rapid water.", "A woman on a surfboard is riding a wave", "a man that is on a surfboard on some water", "a woman on a surfboard riding a wave"]
["A white surfboard sitting in a room before a set of track lighting.", "A white surfboard with a sign in the background that reads \"billabong.\"", "A surfboard is being displayed in an office.", "A room with a logo brand and supplies.", "A Bllabong sign is directly is sitting in the studio. "]
["A row of up right surfboards inside of a building.", "Several Billabong surfboards make up a nice display.", "Several surfboards lined up in front of a Billabong logo.", "Several surfboards standing upright are arranged in a row. ", "A number of surfboards lined up in a store. "]
["An older man sitting at a table with a birthday  cake in front of him with candles on it.", "A man sitting in front of his birthday cake smiling.", "an old man sitting at a table with a birthday cake for him ", "an older man is sitting down with a birthday cake", "A man that is sitting in front of a birthday cake with candles."]
["A boat and a child holding a surfboard on a beach.", "A young boy standing on a beach holding a yellow surfboard. ", "A small boy carries a large yellow surf board.", "a boy standing in front of a boat and holding a surf board", "A young person with a surf board in front of a beached boat."]
["A baking pan with meat, lettuce, onions and tomatoes.", "A tray of food with a sandwich on a toasted bun. ", "a large plate of food on a plastic container", "Tray with cooked potato slices and some kind of meat sandwich coated in melted cheese.", "A tray with a sandwich and potato wedges on it"]
["A person holds a robot in front of a ball near a goal.", "a man places a robot in front of a ball ", "It looks like he is holding up some sort of a robot.", "A guy is holding a robot inside of a yellow soccer goal.", "A man standing behind a robot behind an orange ball."]
["A woman posing for a picture in front of some food.", "The smiling woman is sitting next to food.", "A woman sitting at a restaurant getting ready to eat her food.", "Young girl having a meal in outdoor setting.", "A woman poses with avocado sandwich lunch at an outdoor restaurant"]
["A little girl sitting at a table eating pieces of cake on plates.", "Little girl in a chair gazing at three desserts displayed on a table.", "A little girl sitting at a table with food.", "A child looks at the different cakes on the table.", "A young asian girl sitting at a table with dessert."]
["A soccer catcher behind the fence is trying to catch the ball. ", "The soccer player is trying to block the ball.", "A person playing soccer is trying to block the ball.", "A goalie is guarding his end at a soccer game.", "Soccer goalie keeps a flying ball out of the goal."]
["A few people are playing soccer on a soccer field.", "A few people are hanging out and appreciating their time. \n", "Two soccer teams playing a match in a field.", "A game of soccer in a soccer field.", "People standing around a soccer field watching two players."]
["The little boy is practicing riding a surfboard at the carnival.", "A young boy stands on a fake surf board", "a young boy standing on a surfboard at an amusement park", "A boy in black shirt on a fake surfboard at park.", "This looks like a ride at a fair, or festival."]
["A young boy standing on top of a surfboard.", "A little boy that is standing on top of a surfboard.", "The boy is standing on the surfboard at this indoor simulation site ", "A little boy stands on a surfboard in an amusement park.", "a little kid standing on a surfboard for a game "]
["A young man standing on the tip of a surfboard.", "A small boy balances on a surfboard tip.", "A little boy is standing on the front of a surfboard.", "A small child stands on the edge of the surfboard", "a little boy that is standing on a surfboard"]
["Three mini cupcakes are displayed with two forks.", "Three cupcakes and two forks are on a serving tray ", "Two forks and three chocolate cupcakes perch on a wooden tray.", "Three cupcakes sitting on top of a wooden cutting board.", "Three chocolate cupcakes and two forks are on a wooden table."]
["Three chocolate cupcakes sitting on a wooden cutting board.", "A tray with small chocolate cupcakes on it", "Three chocolate cupcakes on a wooden cutting board", "three chocolate cupcakes on a cutting board with no frosting on them", "an image of chocolate cupcakes on a counter"]
["People are at the beach near the ocean edge.", "People are on a beach and two of them are pushing a red kayak into the water.", "A couple of people at the beach looking at a long surf board.", "Several people on a beach next to the ocean.", "two people push a red object into the water at a beach"]
["A close up of a salami and Swiss cheese sandwich with a smear of mayo.", "A close up of a baguette containing a single layer of meat and cheese", "a long sub sandwich with meat and cheese.", "A close-up shot of a salami, cheese and butter baguette.", "A long sub sandwhich with salomi and cheese."]
["A boy walks along the beach carrying his surfboard.", "A boy exiting the water after surfing the waves.", "A man walking across a beach holding a surfboard.", "A young man with a surf board is walking away from the water.", "a young man holding onto a surfboard while walking out of th water "]
["A woman on a surfboard is riding on a wave", "A man riding a surfboard on top of a wave.", "A person surfing in the ocean on a sunny day.", "A woman rides a surfboard in the ocean", "a surfer in a black top is surfing on a white board"]
["A close shot of some treats, including a donut. ", "A slice of Bundt cake on a plate next to the plate with the remain Bundt cake.", "A piece of cake that is sitting on a plate.", "Plates filled with cake are covering a table.", "A piece of cake sitting on a white plate."]
["a group of people that is in field kicking a ball", "Some soccer players in action on the field.", "Number 10 gets ready to clear the ball to the other end", "A group of young men kicking a soccer ball around a field.", "A soccer game is in action as the opponent takes the ball."]
["The man is trying to surf the waves on the water. ", "A man on a surfboard in some white capped water", "a man riding a surfboard in some wild waves ", "a surfer on a wild wave loosing his balance", "A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard."]
["A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "a surfer riding the wave at the beach", "A man is surfing in the ocean. ", "A surfer surfing the waves in the ocean.  ", "a lady that is surfing in some water"]
["A blanket covered bed sitting under a bedroom window.", "Small older styled window with the light flowing through.", "The bed is next to a bright window with greenery outside.", "You can see the trees through the window next to the bed.", "A window over a bed with brown walls and a quilt."]
["The suitcases are setting on one of the beds in the hotel room.\n", "Hotel room with brown carpet, table lamp, two full queen beds with headboards.", "A hotel room with two beds with luggage on one of them.", "A double bed hotel room with the light on.", "a bed room with two beds and lamps"]
["The man is coaching the kids on how to play soccer.", "A man coaches children in soccer on grass.", "The young kids are out in the field playing soccer. ", "A man and a group of kids on a field.", "A man coaching small children playing soccer on a field"]
["A woman riding a yellow kayak on a large body of water.", "Two woman using paddle boards on a lake.", "A couple of ladies stand on surfboards and paddle with oars on a slightly rippled body of water.", "Two women in wet suits paddle while standing on surfboards.", "Two women in the calm water on paddle boards and wearing wet suits."]
["A person that is standing up on a paddle board in water.", "A man rowing in a harbor on a surfboard.", "A man paddling on top of a surf board.", "a man standing on a surfboard and holding a paddle", "A person on a surfboard in the water."]
["An uncomfortable looking bed situated in an alcove.", "A small dresser beside an old wooden bed.", "A vintage bedroom furniture set and rusted bucket.", "A very narrow little room with something that looks like a bed dominating it.", "a building with a bunch of dirty walls "]
["A corner of a bedroom with a lamp, a bed, and two wall hangings.", "This is a bedroom in a wood cabin.", "A paneled room containing a bed, a tapestry, framed artwork and a light.", "A bedroom with a wood paneled wall and religious paintings. ", "A bedroom with a picture on the wall and a lamp on the side "]
["A ted sitting in a room next to a heater and a window.", "A small bed sits in the room with a chair and heater.", "A bed with a heart shaped box sitting on it.", "A bed in a bedroom with a heart shaped box on it ", "A plain, made bed with a set of hearts on top"]
["A piece of chocolate cake sitting on top of a wooden cutting board.", "A large cake has been placed on a wooden cutting board.", "A loaf of chocolate bread that has already been cut into", "a close up of a slice of cake on a wooden surface on a table", "A wooden tray with a loaf of bred and a serving knife."]
["A man with a surfboard is walking along the beach.", "a man that is walking on a beach with a surfboard", "The man walks carrying his surfboard as he looks at the ocean.", "This is a person getting ready to surf", "A person is carrying a surfboard on the beach."]
["A couple of men wading through a body of water.", "A couple of people on surfboards in the water.", "Two surfers sit in the ocean waiting for a wave.", "a couple of people are standing in a body of water ", "The two men are waiting on their boards to surf the waves. "]
["This people are standing near a man who is in the water.", "Two people standing in the water holding frisbees.", "People are holding surfboards while standing in the water.", "a few people that are surfing on some water.", "A group of people go surfing together in the water. "]
["a white cake in a flat pan a fork and a cheese grader", "A homemade cake with letters on it that say sam con 2012.", "A cake with white frosting and a gambling theme message.", "a cake in a plastic container on a table", "A homemade cake decorated for a 2012 convention."]
["A double layer chocolate cake with chocolate icing.", "A chocolate cake with brown colored drizzle and chocolate flakes on it.", "A cake is frosted and decorated with little squares and little hearts.", "A chocolate cake covered in candy and frosting.", "An iced, chocolate cake with square and heart shaped sprinkles."]
["A table topped with different flavored and colored cup cakes.", "There are cupcakes on a tray decorated with flowers and hearts.", "Individually iced and decorated cupcakes in a box.", "A box is filled with brightly colored cupcakes.", "A box full of colorfully decorated cupcakes. "]
["A couple of people standing on a beach holding surfboards.", "two surfers looking at a rough looking ocean", "Two people wearing wet suits hold surfboards and stand on the beach. ", "Two men who are standing near the water.", "Two surfers hold surfboards while looking out at a sunlit beach."]
["A plate topped with a piece of cake.", "a close up of a a muffin on a plate on a table", "A slice of muffin on a plate with a fork and a red drink.", "A piece of blueberry muffin is on a plate.", "A plate of food with a muffin on a table."]
["A single serve cup cake in a white dish.", "A streussel type dessert with a spoon, and a beverage.", "Food sitting in a white bowl with a spoon and a glass filled with something to drink. ", "A glass and a bowl of food on a table.", "A small bowl of bread pudding served on a plate"]
["Coats hanging on hangers on a dock ", "A loading dock with two people and hanging coats. ", "Two people are sitting in some sort of bay.", "A storage area filled with jackets and people sitting on chairs.", "A break room where people work and stairs in the background."]
["A river with men riding paddle and surf boards on top of it.", "Three individuals performing water sports next to a bridge", "Three people surfing in the ocean below a bridge where cars are passing. ", "The surfers are surfing before it starts raining", "Several people surfing in a lake next to a bridge."]
["a bridge with some people on it and another riding a see doo under it ", "Some people who are surfing on a wave that is going under a bridge.", "a man is standing on a board on the water", "A person paddling on top of surf board ear a bridge.", "a person riding a surf board wit ha paddle "]
["A cheese pizza with green herbs on top.", "A pizza sits on a plate on a table.", "a cheese pizza with some green toppings on a white plate", "A cheese pizza with shreds of a topping on it.", "A cheese pizza on a plate at a restaurant. "]
["A very messy desk with a computer and mouse.", "A computer desk with  toys and junk strewn around.", "A computer desk that is very cluttered and disorganized.", "a messy desk with a computer monitor, keyboard and mouse", "A desk with a computer, mouse, and various other items."]
["A man sitting in front of a pizza on a pizza pan.", "A man showing off a pizza with bacon.", "man with a pizza in his hand in front of camera", "A man holding a freshly baked pizza with bacon and chicken on it", "A smiling man holding a huge pizza up to his face."]
["A hospital room filled with empty beds and medical equipment.", "an image of a hospital bed with curtains", "A medial room has four beds and medical equipment.", "A picture of a medical room in a hospital.", "Hospital beds are shown next to each other."]
["A couple of coffee cups on a bed.", "A hotel room with two beds and coffee cups.", "A hotel room has two cups of coffee on the bed.", "Two beds in a room with coffee cups on top.", "A bedroom with two beds with a platter that has two cups of coffee on the bed"]
["A plate of pizza sits on a table.", "A small pizza pie is set next to a fork and knives.", "A pizza with a knife and fork next to it.", "Just in case the crust is tough, two knives are better than one.", "Personal pan pizza on a wooden table top"]
["There is no image here to provide a description for.", "A male tennis player is in the middle of his game. ", "A tennis player runs to hit the ball.", "A person is playing tennis in a stadium.", "A tennis player running with tennis racket in his hand."]
["Young child in grassy field with ball and flying disc.", "a young girl playing with a ball and Frisbee ", "A young girl is holding a ball and a racquet in a field", "A young girl standing on top of a lush green field.", "A little girl that is standing in the grass."]
["A person picking a piece of pizza from the pie.", "A loaded pizza with an assortment of vegetable and cheese.", "a hand is taking a piece of pizza thats on a white plate", "A delicious looking homemade pizza looks to be topped with fresh mozzarella, fresh basil, tomatoes and mushrooms.", "Small personal pizza sitting on a paper plate."]
["A young man playing a game of tennis on a tennis court.", "A boy is playing tennis on a green grass court.", "people playing tennis on a big tennis court", "Tennis players play a match in the mountains.", "A young boy taking a swing at a tennis ball"]
["A male get together with two men playing chess at a table.", "Two men are sitting at a table playing chess.", "Two men sit a a table playing chess while others stand around.", "A few men who look related play chess and observe the game.", "The men were sitting at the table playing a game of chess."]
["A man hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racquet.", "A tennis player reaches to hit a tennis ball with his racquet. ", "Tennis player serving a tennis ball playing on a clay court.", "A man is hitting a tennis ball near some spectators on a tennis court.", "A person extending a racquet toward a ball."]
["A MAN TAKING A SWING AT A TENNIS BALL.", "A man with a racket goes to hit a ball.", "A male tennis player is hitting the ball. ", "Tennis player is attempts to hit the ball", "A tennis player swings his racket to return a ball."]
["A man swinging a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.", "The man is playing tennis on the court.", "A tennis player finished his swing as people watch from behind him. ", "A man in a red shirt swinging at a tennis ball.", "A young man playing tennis on a clay court."]
["A tennis racquet next to a pair of boots", "A green tennis racquet sitting next to a purse and black boots.", "A green gator grit racket in front of black boots and paisley bag.", "A piece of luggage with a racket and snow boots.", "Green and white racket sitting on top of black boots. "]
["A person sitting at a table where a pizza is sitting.", "a pizza topped with different toppings is brought to a table ", "a close up of a pizza in a pan on a table", "A pizza sits on a plate on a dark surface.", "a pizza on a pan sitting on a table."]
["a close up of a plate of food with pizza", "A woman sitting at a table with different dishes.", "an  image of table setting with food on it", "A white plate containing a casserole and a plate holding a pizza.", "Lady eating a meal with other plates and glasses on the table."]
["A man holding a tennis racket out towards a tennis ball.", "A male tennis player hits the ball with a forehand swing.", "Man lunges over to hit the tennis ball on the court", "A man wearing a blue shirt maneuvers to volley a tennis ball.", "A young man wearing a blue shirt holding a tennis racquet."]
["A man hitting a tennis ball with a racket", "A young man is playing tennis on a tennis court.", "Blonde male mid-swing playing tennis in tennis court", "A boy hitting a tennis ball with his racquet. ", "A young man is just about to hit a tennis ball. "]
["A freshly baked pizza sitting on a cutting board while being cut.", "A person cutting a personal pizza on a cutting board.", "A man cuts a pizza into large slices.", "A person cutting pizza with a cutting device.", "Hands cutting up a pizza on a serving board."]
["Burnt food sits on a plate with a cell phone next to it. ", "a white plate with a piece of pizza", " a calzone sitting on a plate next to a cell phone and knife an fork", "a piece of pizza on a plate next to a cell phone", "there is a large pizza on a white and blue plate"]
["The living room has a long grey couch and a rug under the coffee table. ", "a long black couch sitting below a big window", "The contemporary living room has clean lines and furnishings.", "A living room with couch, chair, window, and blue globe on the table.", "A clean and modern living room has its blinds open."]
["A little girl in her underwear brushing her teeth in black vinyl boots.", "The girl is brushing her teeth wearing her mom's boots. ", "A young girl brushing her teeth at the sink.", "A little girl wearing her mama's boots cleaning her teeth", "The little girl is wearing a pair of boots and standing on a stool."]
["A desktop computer that is sitting on a desk.", "A computer sitting on a desk with other items", "A computer screen is turned on at a desk.", "A desktop computer monitor sitting on top of a desk.", "well organized desk with  large screen computer monitor and other gadgets displayed on it."]
["Man hold paper heart on toothbrush, back ground out of focus", "A man holding a toothbrush with a valentines message tied to it.", "I man is holding up a toothbrush with a Valentine's Day note attached to it.", "A man holding a toothbrush with a heart on it", "a man holding a toothbrush with a note attached."]
["A living room filled with furniture and a wall mounted clock covered in white stars.", "A small dresser with two white chairs next to it", "A living room area with eclectic furniture and accessories", "Two beighe chairs sit on each side of the drawers.", "There are some modern furnishings in an apartment"]
["There are five remote controls lined up together.", "An assortment of remote controls lined up on the table", "A group of remote controls lined up together.", "A line of remote controllers displayed on a coffee table", "This person has five remote controls for five different things"]
["A lovely meticulous living room waiting for company.", "A living room with two couches and two chairs.", "Chairs and couches are around a carpet near a window.", "A view of a living room, with a  vase as the center point.", "A dimly lit living room with chairs and a sunlit window."]
["Book next to remote controller displayed on tiled surface.", "A book lying on a counter next to a DirecTV remote.", "There is an open book with a book mark in it", "A remote controll sitting next to an open book.", "A an opened book with book mark next to a DirectTV remote."]
["A baby sitting in a bathtub getting their teeth brushed. ", "A mother brushing her baby's teeth in a bathtub.", "A woman brushing a baby's teeth while he sits in the bath tub.", "A person that is brushing a babies teeth.", "A parent brushing their childs teeth in the bath"]
["A group of people in a bar playing Wii", "A man holding a Nintendo Wii game controller in a bar.", "Several men in a room with brick walls watch a screen while one man holds a remote.", "Men in a bar play a computer game. ", "Four men are in a building with a cell phone."]
["a group of people hang out on the side of the road, waiting for a ride", "Young people are all brushing their teeth on the road. ", "People gathered brushing their teeth on street with backpacks", "A woman in black jacket sitting on luggage and brushing her teeth.", "Three travellers are brushing their teeth as one is stretching."]
["A video game remote sitting on someones lap", "A blue game controller lying across a person's lap.", "A pair of legs with a game controller on them", "Legs of a person in khaki shorts with a blue Nintendo Wii controller.", "a close up of a nintendo wii controller on someones lap"]
["A person holding a Nintendo Wii Remote Controller.", "The person is holding the video game controller.", "Someone holding a wii remote control with the strap around his wrist", "A close up of the Wii game controller in the camera man hand.", "A man holding a Nintendo Wii remote control. "]
["A man who is playing a video game.", "A man in a red shirt stands in front of a television while holding a remote.", "A person playing a wii video game in a room", "Man in red/orange shirt and dark green pants, with Wii controller looking at video display.", "A man playing wii with the remote and nunchuck attachment."]
["A very nice home has large scenic windows.", "A dining room table next to a living room filled with furniture.", "A table with four chairs, and place settings for four with a bottle of wine and candles.", "A living room dinning room area in an apartment", "A living room and a dining room with all the standard furnishings. "]
["A table is neatly made with whine glasses. ", "A table that is set for three in the dinning room.", "A fully furnished living room/dining room is displayed. ", "The interior of a living and dining room.", "A formal dining room with a table setting and wineglasses."]
["Lushly upholstered furniture sits on a wood floor in front of a low hearth. ", "Fireplace with brick border displaying many photos and decorative flowers.", "A room that has a fireplace with many pictures on the mantle. ", "A room with a chair, a fireplace, a mantle with a lot of pictures and a huge vase.", "Living room with fireplace and low back chairs."]
["A group of men and women standing around a TV.", "A group of people are playing Wii together.", "Young adults playing with a Nintendo Wii in room", "a couple of men that are playing a wii game", "Two people look on as two others play a video game."]
["A man standing in a room holding a game controller.", "A male is standing in a room playing a Wii.", "A young man dressed in black playing a video game.", "A man using a video game controller in a room.", "A male playing a video game with projector in the background."]
["Two people are playing a WII video game.", "A man and a woman playing a video game with Wii remotes.", "A pair of people play video games with controllers.", "I am unable to see an image above.", "Two adults playing with a Wii in a living room. "]
["A woman holding a video game controller in her hand.", "A person wearing glasses, staring intensely at a Wii Remote.", "Girl making silly face at a Nintendo Wii remote.", "A person holding a wii remote near their face.", "A person with a remote in a room."]
["A large television and couch in a room.", "A tidy living room with plenty of natural light.", "Living room area of home with couches and television.", "A television set is on in a living room area that has a balcony and dark couches.", "living room with couches, coffee table and tv"]
["a living room with a table couches and lamps", "A living room filled with lots of furniture and covered in lights.", "A living room with chairs, lamp and a fireplace.", "A living room containing a couch, glass case, a red brick fire place and French doors. ", "A home office area with a desk and chairs."]
["A woman and man playing a game with Nintendo Wii controllers.", "A couple playing Wii in a darkened room at home", "a woman with a wii remote in her hand and a door in the background", "A man and a woman are playing a video game in a dark room.", "A woman and a many holding the Nintendo Wii remote."]
["A living room with a decorated Christmas tree and a wreath over a fireplace.", "a living room with a mantle and christmas tree with lights on it", "A christmas tree is lit up and next to the fire place", "A large Christmas tree sitting next to a fire place.", "a christmas tree in some kind of room"]
["A wooden table topped with a computer monitor and two keyboards.", "Many keyboards and computer screen sit on a desk top.", "a desk with several keyboards, two screens and miscellaneous electronics", "Multiple computer electronics items on table with many cords.", "A messy desk with two computer keyboards, a computer monitor, CD covers and a large TV."]
["A picture shows old computers, mouse and keyboards.", "Keyboards and other computer accessories sitting on a table", "A computer keyboard sitting next to a computer mouse.", "A gray box with the word digital on it. ", "An old model computer is shown at close range."]
["a monitor a keyboard a window and a mouse", "there is a very small old computer screen on this desk", "A computer monitor, mouse, keyboard and control board.", "A computer and sound equipment on a desk.", "A computer monitor and equipment sitting on a wooden computer desk with a sliding keyboard tray."]
["A desk with black keyboard, mouse and computer monitor.", "A mouse and keyboard sitting on a desk.", "A mouse sitting by a keyboard on a desktop", "Keyboard and mouse rest on the metal themed tray of the desk", "The computer keyboard and mouse are setting on a special surface,"]
["A woman giving the finger while holding a smart phone.", "A woman on a cell phone giving the middle finger.", "A woman smiling and giving the middle finger.", "a woman in a red shirt with a cellphone is flipping off the camera", "A young woman wearing red making an obscene gesture."]
["a man in mask talks on a cell phone ", "A woman in red shirt wearing a red monster mask.", "The person wearing a fuzzy mask is using a cell phone.", "A person wearing a red insect mask and sunglasses talks on a cellular phone.", "Person wearing a red costume talking on a cellphone. "]
["A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "a small laptop is sitting on a table", "An open laptop sitting on top of a a seat in front of a red couch in a living room.", "A laptop on a stand, plugged into wifi, in an apartment wit a red couch.", "a computer in a living room next to a couch. "]
["Three women sitting on a bench in front of a painting looking at their phones. ", "Young people sitting and texting in the art gallery", "A group of people on a museum bench using phones", "Three women are sitting on a bench in a museum using their phones.", "Three people in an art gallery using their phones."]
["a living room with a t.v. and  a bunch of chairs in it.", "A television and some chairs in a room.", "A den with some chairs, a couch and a television.", "A comfortable TV room looking for occupants to watch TV.", "A small living are with some chairs and a TV."]
["A man standing by the record player in a living room", "I am unable to see the image above.", "Man standing in a living room in front of a cupboard.", "A young man pauses to get his picture taken in this living room", "a man stands in a room with some food"]
["A man holding a kite with a sea of people behind him. ", "A man holds up high a kite next to a bicycle", "The young man is hanging streamers in the crowd. ", "The man is getting ready to fly his kite outside. ", "a man in a suit holding onto a kite in the park "]
["a guy on a bicycle and a guy flying a kite", "A woman flying a kite next to a man riding a bike.", "A person flies a kite while another rides a bike.", "a person that has a kite in their hand", "a person is flying a kite in a field"]
["some people playing with some kites on a quiet beach ", "People are standing in the sand on a beach flying kites.", "People on an ocean beach on a clear day, flying kites.", "People are flying their kites in the sky.", "Group of people on beach near ocean surfing."]
["A clock mounted on a pale blue wall.", "An analog clock on the wall showing 2:08.", "A closeup of a black and white clock on a light green wall.", "A plain white clock showing the time 2:08", "An analog clock on a green wall showing the time of 2:07."]
[" A display case filled with lots of different vases.", "This a collection of flowered vases and kettles. ", "A china cabinet filled with fine blue and pink china. ", "A number of decorated vases in a glass shelf", "A bunch of glass vases that are in a glass case."]
["A group of people launching and flying kites.", "People work to get their kites up in the air at this kite festival.", "A person is holding on to a large kite.", "A group of people flying an assortment of kites.", "Persons in a protest rally with flags and banners."]
["Dinosaur statue in a park with various kites flying through the air.", "a large black giraffe that is out side by some kites", "A sculpture of a dinosaur in a field where kites are being flown", "A brontosaurus sculture on grassy area with kites around.", "A statue of a dinosaur, next to a bunch of flying kites."]
["A kite is stuck in a bare tree branch.", "A very cute kite stuck in a tree branch.", "A kite that is hanging in a tree.", "A kite shaped like a star with a face on it caught in a tree branch.", "A kite is caught in the branch of a tree."]
["a building with a clock on the top of it ", "a big building with a bridge coming out of it ", "There is a clock in the top of the fancy structure.", "there is a small tower that has a white clock on it", "A large white clock tower towering over a building."]
["A display filled with glass vases sitting next to each other.", "Multiple pots are on display in a case.", "The glass display case holds several different sized vases. ", "Ceramic dishes are sitting on a shelf in a glass case.", "A curio cabinet displaying an assortment of vases."]
["this is a man playing in a field", "A man flying a purple dragon kite in a park-like area.", "The man is flying his kite in the field.", "A man flies his kite in a grassy park. ", "There is a man outside flying a kite."]
["Open Cingular cell phone with message that says I love this phone", "A cell phone with a message 'I love this phone'", "A LG cellphone is flipped open revealing a message.", "a small cell phone is flipped open on the floor", "A open small turned on cell phone on a surface."]
["A microwave oven sitting on a kitchen counter.", "A kitchen has a silver microwave in the corner.", "A kitchen has a microwave sitting in the corner. ", "A kitchen that includes a microwave and other appliances.", "The small kitchen has many new age appliances."]
["A clock on the side of a door in a room.", "a clock in the door frame of a room ", "A round shiny metal clock hanging on a wall.", "A clock that is on the side of a doorway.", "a clock attached to a door way in a house "]
["A large group of people are flying kites in the park", "A group of people flying several kites close to the water.", "Adults flying kites in grassy field near river.", "A lot of people standing in the grass flying kites.", "a bunch of kites that are being flown in the sky"]
["A kite high up in the air in a tree.", "A kite has landed high up in a tree.", "A blue and red kite caught in a tall tree.", "A blue and red kite stuck in a leafless tree.", "a kite stuck up high in a tree"]
["A photo of the building with focus on the clock.", "A tall building at night with a large clock on it's face.", "A clock on a stone building below a steeple.", "A large clock tower on top of a building with concrete architecture. ", "A decorative building with a clock on the front."]
["A lighted clock suspended from a ceiling in a dark area.", "An illuminated clock face with four Roman numerals hangs from a ceiling. ", "A lighted clock hangs from an ornate ceiling. ", "There is a clock hanging form the ceiling with roman numerals", "An image of a clock dangling from a ceiling."]
["a clock on a pole on a city street near buildings", "A clock mounted next to a sidewalk in front of a store.", "A street scene with shops and a clock tower", "a clock next to a group of parked cars", "A clock is on a pole on a street."]
["A clock outside of a building that runs backwards.", "A clock on a building that has backwards numbers", "A clock attached to the side of a building.", "A backwards clock on the side of a building. ", "Someone hung a clock from a building not knowing that the numbers were all backward"]
["A person with a hat on flying a kite by a plane flying in the sky.", "A person flying a kite that is  high in the air.", "Someone flying a kite on a clear day.", "Person holding a string with a white kite on the other end. ", "a person holding a kite flying in the air "]
["A man standing in a batting cage on top of astro turf.", "Man getting ready to swing at a ball in the batting cages.", "People in a batting cage practicing hitting the ball. ", "A batter and pitcher practicing in a batting cage.", "A group of men are holding baseball bats and are in a baseball batting cage while the pitcher is ready to throw the ball."]
["A white refrigerator on the side of a road next to cars.", "an image of a fridge outside on the side walk", "An old refrigerator sits on the sidewalk of a street.", "A refrigerator that has been sealed shut on a city sidewalk.", "A refrigerator with the doors taped shut sitting on a city side walk."]
["A boy in purple jersey swinging a baseball bat.", "A young bow swinging a bat on a baseball field.", "A young boy wearing a baseball uniform swings his bat", "A boy is playing with a baseball bat.", "A boy swinging a baseball bat while on a field."]
["A clock at the top of a tower with a statue in front.", "A statue of a gryphon is silhouetted against a tall building. ", "The tower of a tail building with a flag on the roof and a clock on the upper floor.", "A sculpture of iron standing in front of a tall white building.", "There is a statue in front of a tall building."]
["a big baseball field with people on it", "A group of baseball players play a game.", "A batter at the plate, ready to swing", "A pitcher gets ready to throw in a baseball game.", "A view of a baseball game with many players on the field."]
["A man is smiling while holding the baseball bat. ", "A smiling man practicing batting inside the house.", "Man smiling holding baseball bat with wood wall", "A man in a dress shirt holding a baseball bat.", "The man is holding a wooden bat by the door."]
["A baseball player holding a bat standing on a field.", "A base ball game is being shown on a tv", "A Baseball game is currently being showed on the TV. ", "A batter in a baseball game is at the plate waiting for the pitch.", "A television is playing a major league baseball game."]
["A piece of art that has been cordoned off, that looks like a baseball player.", "a statue of a baseball player with a bat and hemet", "A statue depicting a person holding a baseball bat.", "A mosaic statue of a man holding a baseball bat.", "A statue of a person holding a bat in a chain link enclosure."]
["A statue of a baseball player in the middle of a park.", "A statue of a baseball player in position to bat.  ", "A mosaic statue in the shape of a baseball player.", "a statue of an abstract person in a baseball pose", "A statue of a baseball player covered in mosaic tiles."]
["A boy with a bat at a batting cage. ", "A child is holding up a baseball bat. ", "A person holding a baseball bat in a batting cage. ", "A young boy getting ready to hit a baseball.", "Man standing up to bat in a batting cage."]
["A picture of a person walking down the road.", "A person walks on a pier along the ocean shore.", "A man walks along a wall that overlooks the ocean.", "a man walks across a sidewalk overlooking a beach", "The man is walking by the big clock. "]
["A bridge in a city on an overcast day.", "a bridge over a lake in a city with tall buildings", "A bridge over water near several buildings in a city.", "Many buildings line a waterway with a bridge. ", "A large bridge spanning the width of a large river."]
["A BASEBALL GAME IN AN INNER CITY BALL PARK", "Parents at a chain link fence watch a Little League baseball game.", "Spectators outside the fence watching a baseball game in progress.", "a baseball field with a lot of people on it", "A man in blue is about to swing a base ball bat."]
["A baseball player holding a bat above home plate.", "A pitcher throws the ball during a baseball game.", "a man pitching a ball towards the batter", "baseball game in progress several players in motion", "A pitcher throws out a ball on the field during a game."]
["The men are playing a game of baseball on the field. ", "A baseball player wears a green shirt and holds a bat near a catcher in yellow and white.", "a baseball player is swinging a bat at home base.  ", "A baseball player holding a bat near home plate.", "A man with a bat and an umpire play baseball. "]
["Small kids playing baseball in uniforms on a sunny day.", "A little kid with a bat standing in the dirt.", "A little boy is playing baseball and getting ready to bat.", "A young boy getting ready to swing a bat at a ball pitched to him.", "A little boy swings at a baseball as fielders look on. "]
["Organized baseball game with young players and an adult pitcher on a dirt field.", "A coach is practicing with a little league team.", "A group of young people playing a game of baseball on top of a field.", "Uniformed children playing baseball on a baseball field with an adult pitcher.", "Several children playing baseball behind a metal fence."]
["At a baseball game, a player swings the bat at a pitch.", "Baseball player at bat just finishing his swing at a pitched ball.", "Five uniformed players are on a baseball field near a crowd.", "A batter swinging at a pitch in a baseball game.", "a batter swinging through and missing a pitch thrown."]
["A baseball player standing on  home plate holding a bat.", "The batter prepared to swing at the oncoming pitch.", "The batter is getting ready to hit the ball.", "A person holding a bat ready to swing at a baseball with a catcher and umpire behind.", "Baseball players in uniform playing the game of baseball"]
["A baseball player winds up for a powerful pitch.", "Baseball players playing baseball on a baseball field.", "A baseball team plays a game on the field.", "Various men on a baseball field during a baseball game.", "A group of people are playing baseball on a field."]
["A woman running while holding a baseball bat.", "A group of people playing baseball in a field", "A girl in a uniform with a bat and running.", "Children smile as they play a game of baseball.", "children playing baseball in a wire fenced field."]
["A male tennis player in blue shirt and tan shorts on the court, looking down, with his tennis racket rested on his hip. ", "A tennis player looking down at the court contemplating", "A man on a tennis court holing a tennis racket.", "A tennis player stands in front of an audience.", "a man holds a tennis racket as people look on "]
["A pizza in a pan ready to be baked ", "The beginnings of a homemade pizza, crust and tomato sauce on a pan.", "A pizza crust on a pizza pan with tomato sauce on it.", "A piece of rolled out dough on a pan with sauce.", "An uncooked pizza with sauce on the raw dough."]
["Two pizzas that are sitting on metal platters.", "Would you prefer fresh basil on your pizza or sans basil?", "Two plates with small, rustic looking pizzas on them", "A pair of pizza's sitting on plates with spinach, cheese and tomatoes.", "a couple of pizzas are on some plates"]
["there are many people looking in the store windows", "People standing looking inside a window full of stuff. ", "A man and woman window shopping in front of a jewelry store.", "A man and a woman looking at items through a glass window", "A couple of people standing outside of a store."]
["An old clock hangs on a white wall with a window nearby.", "An antique clock hanging on a white wood wall. ", "An old clock hanging on the wall next to a window.", "A clock hangs on a white wall near a window.", "green clock displays the time as five forty"]
["A black and white picture of a building with a clock outside.", "A black and white picture of an old store.", "A clock hanging from a ceiling in front of a building.", "A clock hanging down from an eve in front of a business ", "A clock hanging outside in front of a property."]
["A large clock sitting in the middle of a shopping center.", "A grandfather clock is in the middle of the sidewalk.", "a clock tower rest on a busy side walk", "lots of people are waling around outside and a big clock is there.", "A steam clock on the side of the street attracts onlookers. "]
["A standard computer and laptop on a cluttered desk.", "A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "A wooden desk with a laptop computer that is on, and next to it is a desktop computer and monitor that is off.", "A laptop sits open on top of a desk.", "A laptop computer sitting on top of a desk next to a monitor and keyboard."]
["A mouse sits on a mouse pad next to an iPod. ", "A mouse pad sitting on top of a desk under a mouse.", "A mouse, keyboard and an ipod on the table", "A computer mouse is sitting on a multi-colored mouse pad, beside an iPod.", "A black computer keyboard, mouse and mouse pad on a desk."]
["A white teddy bear wearing different buttons hanging in a closet.", "a room with clothing hanging from a door and teddy pair attached to a post", "A teddy bear hanging next to shirts ", "A teddy bear hanging on a pole near clothes hanging on a hanger. ", "A stuffed animal with colorful decorations on it and clothes hanging on a wall."]
["A view of a building in a country different than the US.", "a large building on the corner of a street", "A corner of a building with a clock tower on top.", "A street corner with a large, stone building with a clock tower.", "Pedestrians are walking along the sidewalk by a building."]
["A young boy sitting on a child's toy laptop computer.", "A collage of boy sitting on a couch playing with a toy laptop", "A little boy playing with a LeapPad while sitting on a couch.", "Three images show a young boy using a computer.", "Three shots of a boy using a computer"]
["Cat sitting on the ground in between an open refrigerator. ", "A gray cat is looking in the refrigerator ", "an image of a cat inside a refridgerator", "A cat is in front of an open refrigerator door.", "A gray cat looking at the inside of a refrigerator door."]
["A stuffed toy dog sits and looks upright.", "Cloth sewed style teddy bear sat on a surface.", "A small teddy bear sits with its face in focus", "The stuffed bear is sitting on a purple surface.", "A purple jointed stuffed teddy bear toy on a purple sheet"]
["Two plush teddy bears sitting side by side, one has a bow around its neck", "a brightly lit picture of two teddy bears", "A bear sits next to another bear on a white blanket", "a couple of stuffed bears in a white room", "Two teddy bears with bows on a white background."]
["A teddy bear next to a wood stick and wood wall.", "A brown and white teddy bear sits on a wooden surface.", "a little brown teddy bear sitting on a piece of wood", "An eyeless teddy bear sitting on a shelf", "A teddy bear with a piece of wood sitting on a table."]
["An underground sign stands nearby the Big Ben tower in London. ", "An Underground sign next to the Big Ben Clock tower.", "Large building sign very high in sky beside a tall building with a large clock on its front.", "A picture of a London underground sign and Big Ben", "The contemporary sign is sitting by the older building."]
["A young man with crazy hair sitting in a chair.", "A man leans back in a chair with a beverage.", "Man sitting on a tan chair with an odd crown.", "A man with dreadlocks sits on a chair drinking a beverage.", "a guy relaxing in a chair with a drink of some sort."]
["A woman is typing on the keyboard of her computer.", "A person is typing on a lap top and there is a person up on screen.", "The person is watching a screen on her laptop.", "a person that is using a small computer", "A person is shown using some type of video conferencing."]
["A refrigerator with drinks in it with a television sitting on top of it.", "The restaurant is empty this time of day. ", "a bar area with a freezer of beverages in it", "a restaurant with a cooler filled with bottles", "A television that has been placed on top of a refrigerator. "]
["A CD sitting inside of a microwave oven on a counter.", "A CD is placed inside of an open microwave. ", "THERE IS A NA IAG EOF A MIRCWoe with a cd in ise of it ", "A microwave with a CD inside of it.", "A compact disc that is in a microwave."]
["Close up view of a fresh baked cake with nuts topping", "A loaf of baked bread is cooling on the wire rack.", "A close up if a loaf of bread with nut shavings.", "The banana bread is covered with chopped nuts.", "a close up of a cake with nuts on it "]
["this is a piece of meat and green beans on a plate", "a plate of food that is on a table ", "there is a whit elate that has vegetables and a piece of meat on it", "some greens and fish on a white plate", "A plate that has food on it on a table."]
["Two plates topped with mean, gravy and veggies.", "Glamour shot of green beans and a pork chop ", "Two white plates with green beans and a pork chop.", "A plate with string beans and meat in a sauce. ", "A plate containing a juicy entree and a side of green beans."]
["A woman in a bikini standing on a beach next to the ocean.", "A woman on the beach taking a picture in a bathing suit.", "A woman in a brightly colored bikini on the beach.", "a woman in a bathing suit standing near water taking a picture", "A woman standing on the shore taking a picture of the ocean."]
["Someone cutting a piece of carrot cake with a knife", "A carrot cake is being sliced into with a knife", "A knife cuts into a piece of carrot cake.", "A knife slicing up a carrot cake on a pink plate.", "a hand is holding a knife that is cutting some cake"]
["A group of white fish vases with a black one in the middle", "Three shelves of vases made to look like fish with their mouths open.", "Some vases on a window display at a store. ", "White and black vases displayed on glass shelves.", "Black and white porcelain vases are on the shelves."]
["A small convection oven placed on countertop in a messy kitchen.", "A cutting board placed in front of a toaster oven in a kitchen.", "Meal being chopped and measured in the kitchen.\n", "A microwave, cutting board, and other items on a counter.", "Various dishes and appliances are scattered on a kitchen counter. "]
["a teddy bear has a tag around his neck ", "A brown stuffed animal sitting on top of a counter.", "The stuffed lion is on the window sill. ", "A small stuffed bear in a little red sweater.", "A stuffed lion with a red shirt and tag on it."]
["A woman in a red dress holding a cell phone.", "A woman walking through a park on her cell phone ", "A woman in a red dress talking on a phone.", "there is a woman that is wearing a long red dress", "A woman in a red dress walking through the grass."]
["there are many plates of different foods on this table", "A table of different pastries on separate plates.", "There are different types of bread on the plates.", "A table topped with plates of food and eating utensils.", "A pastry bar with samples of baked goods."]
["Three plates topped with different desserts on a table.", "The plates have sweet treats and knifes to serve them. ", "There is a taste contest featuring different cakes and cookies. ", "a table with a few plates of food on it", "A table with different plates of desserts "]
["The breakfast consists of fried eggs, pancakes, and syrup on the side.", "pancakes and eggs with a cup of syrup on a white plate", "A plate of food consisting of eggs, pancakes and syrup.", "i white square plate with fried eggs,  pancakes and syrup on the side.", "A breakfast plate with eggs and pancakes and syrup."]
["A wall of video games next to a fridge .", "Three video games sitting along side a refrigerator.", "A bunch of old school video games sitting  in a play room.", "Three coin operated video games that are in a lunchroom cafeteria. ", "A small game room with vintage arcade systems"]
["A stainless steel refrigerator that is in a kitchen.", "A stainless steel fridge and granite counter top in a kitchen.", "Kitchen with modern faucet fridge oven and wood panels", "a kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator ", "The kitchen has wood cabinetry and granite counters"]
["A deep sink, washing machine and microwave oven", "A white sink, a clothes, dryer, and a built in microwave oven in a kitchen.", "A washer sitting under a microwave in a kitchen.", "A large sink is in a kitchen next to a washing machine.", "A kitchen with a sink, dishwasher and microwave."]
["A kitchen scene with focus on the refrigerator.", "A fridge that is silver and in a kitchen.", "A kitchen contains a large refrigerator with a freezer below it. ", "Stainless steel fridge in the kitchen of a home.", "A kitchen with a large, newer looking refridgerator."]
["A man in a mask is holding a cell phone.", "a close up of a person holding a cell phone and wearing a mask", "A man wearing a mask while holding up a smart phone.", "The man is wearing a mask while holding his phone. ", "A man with a mask on holding up a phone"]
["A little girl holding a cell phone in her hand", "A little girl standing in front of a display.", "A little girl using a cell phone in a store.", "A small child is playing on the old cellphone", "there is a young girl that is playing with a cell phone "]
["A large clock tower illuminated by lights and topped with a pyramid..", "A well lit church steeple with a clock on it", "An illuminated clock tower behind a tree against a dusky sky.", "A large clock tower sitting in the shadows.", "There is a tall clock tower lit by lights"]
["A girl looks at her cell phone, befuddled. ", "A person that is on her cell phone.", "A young woman checking her cell phone beside a blonde boy.", "a girl is looking at her cellphone and a blond boy", "Boy and girl in a garden department with girl making a sad face at her cel phone."]
["A man using a flip phone while sitting beside a couple.", "a guy making a face while looking at his cell phone", "The angry man is upset with the message left on his cell phone.", "A man looks at his phone as a woman stands nearby. ", "A close up view of a man looking at his mobile phone."]
["A man sitting on top of a lawn chair in a field.", "Two men with faces covered sitting by a cardboard sign", "Two bundled up men sit in lawn chairs next to a row of tents and a protest sign. ", "two men sitting in chairs in front of tents and a handmade sign that says no running", "Two boys sitting in chairs near tents "]
["A cell phone sitting on top of a wooden table.", "A cell phone sitting on a table in a restaurant.", "An electronic device displaying the time sitting on a table.", "An mp3 player sits on a table with chairs in the background.", "an mp3 player with dining tables and chairs in the background"]
["Two smart phones sitting on a table next to each other.", "Two cell phone sitting side by side .", "A pink cell phone with numbers on the keys is sitting next to a green cell phone that is slid open.", "A couple of cell phones laying next to each other.", "There are two cellular phones next to each other."]
["A man holding a cell phone in his hand.", "A man holding a cell phone in front of his face.", "A man with glasses holding up a flip phone and staring at the screen.", "A man is holding up his flip phone", "A man with glasses on holding a cell phone up."]
["A white cell phone sitting on top of a table.", "A cell phone is on and connected to cords.", "An open white phone sits on a surface by a mirror.", "A cell phone displaying its home screen while charging.", "A cell phone attached to a charger with a mirror behind it."]
["two people smiling and using cellular phones in a group of people.", "two people sitting close to one another talking on cell phones", "Two women on cellphones laughing with trees in the background.", "Young women are making faces holding their cell phones.", "Two woman wearing bracelets are talking on their mobile phones."]
["Man smiling looking at the camera while he talks on his cell phone.", "The man on the phone is looking at the camera and smiling.", "A happy man talks on the phone while he is lying down.", "A gentleman laying on the couch while talking on the phone.", "A man lays down holding his cell phone."]
["There is a woman talking on the phone.", "a close up of a person talking on a cell phone ", "A woman is smiling and talking on a cellphone.", "A woman in a red shirt is talking on her cellphone.", "A smiling woman is using a cellphone indoors."]
["An old man on the phone wearing glasses and a blue coat.", "Man in front pf a building talking on his cellphone ", "An adult man with glasses wearing a black coat is on his cellphone.", "A man in a suit and top coat using a cell phone.", "An older man in a blue overcoat talks on a cell phone."]
["a room that has some cabinets and a window in it", "a steel microwave inside of several wooden cabinets", "a microwave attached to a wall under some cupboards ", "A kitchen under construction, with cabinets but no counter tops yet.", "A bare kitchen with wooden cabinets and no curtains"]
["A young woman holding a gun on a stove top oven sitting in a field.", "a woman pointing a little watergun at a ruined oven", "A girl holding a water gun to a broken down stove.", "A ruined oven out in the field with a girl spraying it. ", "This girl is outside playing with an oven"]
["A woman putting a turkey into a refrigerator.", "Lady standing by an open refrigerator showing a packaged turkey.", "A woman holds up a chicken or turkey in front of an open refrigerator.", "Man holding a large turkey in wrapping in front of a refrigerator. ", "A woman holds up a packaged hen with the refrigerator door open."]
["A shirtless man grilling a lot of chicken breasts.", "A shirtless man preparing chicken breasts on a grill.", "A man wearing no shirt is turning meat on a grill", "A man without a shirt is grilling some chicken.", "A man without a shirt preparing chicken on top of a BBQ."]
["An old style refrigerator that is holding beverages.", "a fridge with some pieces of people on it ", "A white refrigerator freezer sitting inside of a kitchen.", "Note with listed items on white refrigerator in kitchen area.", "An old refrigerator has a paper sign on it."]
["A green refrigerator sitting inside of a kitchen with a fan.", "Fridge in the corner next to shelves with wine bottles", "The cabinets in the kitchen match the green refrigerator.", "An old, blue refrigerator is in the kitchen.", "A green refrigerator that is next to a shelf with a fan on it."]
["A blue refrigerator sitting up against a shelf with bottles of wine.", "A room with bottles on the wall and a green refrigerator.", "An old refrigerator is near shelves of bottles.", "A bright green fridge sits next to a shelf holding various bottles.", "A brightly colored refrigerator stands next to shelves with bottles on them. "]
["A clock tower on an old building of a village ", "a clock tower on top of a building with people walking", "A large clock tower looms over a village square filled with people.", "A huge building with many people on the floor. ", "A crowd of people standing below a tall brick building."]
["A twin door refrigerator in a kitchen next to cabinets.", "A black refrigerator freezer sitting inside of a kitchen.", "Black refrigerator in messy kitchen of residential home.", "A black refrigerator in a kitchen next to cabinets.", "A kitchen with a refrigerator, a messy counter top and a bag of trash."]
["Four vintage refrigerators blue and red in color", "A couple of blue refrigerators sitting next to a couple of red refrigerators.", "Three different color refrigerators standing beside each other. ", "Two red refrigerators are next to a couple of blue ones.", "Four refrigerators sit in a row in a room.  "]
["A tall clocktower with pointed top on a street.", "A tower that has a clock on it.", "a clock tower with a clock on all four sides", "A clock tower stands in the middle of the street.", "A very tall clock tower over a busy city street."]
["A large tower with a clock on it near a busy city street.", "A clock tower posed by the side of a city street.", "A clock tower near a road with cars around it", "A clock tower in the middle of an intersection.", "A clock tower stands high with traffic traveling underneath."]
["two people moving a refrigerator next to two cars", "A white refrigerator holding a small white refrigerator.", "Some people are moving an old-fashioned fridge between two cars.", "Two men unloading a white refrigerator together outside.", "Two men moving a refrigerator across a street. "]
["a black and white clock on a pole a building and a flag", "a clock standing up in front of a building", "A clock outside of a building showing four o'clock.", "Clock on pole displayed outdoors near bricked building.", "a clock on a pole outside of a large building"]
["A picnic with alcohol, a large cooler, a blender, and mixers.", "Campground picnic table turned into full service bar.", "Coolers are set up and the makings for Margaritas.", "A large blue cooler with alcohol next to it.", "Various beverages and preparation items on a picnic table."]
["A church spire with a  clock rises above a hedge.", "A clock tower during a sunny day with some trees.", "A large tall tower with a clock on top.", "A church with a clock tower partially hidden by a hedge.", "A clock situated in the steeple of a church"]
["A sandwich lies in a basket with a toothpick through each half.", "A breakfast sandwich with ham, egg, cheese, and English muffin.", "There are two sandwiches next to eachother with tooth pickes in them ", "Two breakfast sandwiches on a table with tooth picks in them.", "Two ham, egg, and cheese sandwiches held together with tooth picks are sitting on a piece of parchment paper in a basket"]
["a church tower with a clock on it ", "Steeple with bell and clock on old church.", "a tower with a clock and a cross etched inside of it ", "A church is shown with a clock and bell tower.", "A pretty old church sits in the sunlight."]
["A plate topped with meat and a rice, veggie cake.", "There is a pile of meat and a mound of rice on the plate.", "Two plates of food, including meat and rice, are pictured.", "Plates of food are laid out beside a flower.", "a place with some meat and rice "]
["some people cars and  big bens clock", "A postcard featuring a tall clock tower and steeples.", "a tall clock tower with a sky in the background", "Big Ben on a cloudy day with the word \"London\" next to it. ", "A shot of Big Ben during daytime with the caption \"London\"."]
["A clock tower currently reads 1:46 near the buildings. ", "the time on the clock sculpture in the city shows 1:42pm", "A clock that is at the top of a pole.", "A large clock is standing in front of two large buildings. ", "large tall outdoor clock on a city street"]
["A stuffed kitty cat is placed on a counter.", "a stuffed animal in the shape of a cat with a label on its collar saying \"kitty cat bear award\"", "A teddy bear sitting on a table with a kid in the background.", "A teddy bear with a young boy in the background.", "A smiling young boy looks at a stuffed animal."]
["A clock stand sits on the sidewalk by the road. ", "A clock on a sidewalk near stores and benches", "A clock sits on a post in a small town.", "A tree-lined street with a small clock tower. ", "An old clock on the side of the road."]
["Some colorful items of food that are on a plate.", "A closeup of breakfast sitting on a decorated plate.", "A plate of food is shown on a plate.", "Good healthy food and spices on a white plate", "Disorganized plate containing light meal with no visible meat."]
["A plaque mounted to the side of a building with a clock on it.", "A sign showing the Seeley Stable Museum hours below a wooden wall clock.", "A clock above a Museum sign and around stickers with sayings on them.", "A clock hanging in front of a museum", "There is a clock displayed among several written signs."]
["A gold and white clock on street next to a building.", "A large tower with a large clock on top.\n", "The clock is displayed for everyone to see it", "A building with a clock attached to it", "A large clock hanging on the side of a building."]
["a large clock tower towering above a city under a cloudy blue sky.", "A massive clock tower stands before cloudy skies.", "A tall building tower with a clock face on it.", "A time clock steeple with a tree and blue sky.", "A clock tower is raised in front of a blue sky."]
["A picture of two men in the service on a table below a clock. ", "A picture of war veterans placed in front of a clock.", "A clock is hanging up in someone's home", "Military portraits under a decorative antique wall clock", "A large metal clock on the side of a wall."]
["A clock mounted on the side of a tall building under a blue sky.", "The bell tower has a clock displayed on the side. ", "A clock on the front of a large tower.", "A building clock with military time and a bell above it.", "A large bell hangs over a clock on the side of a stone wall."]
["A clock is shown at the top of a building.", "Large old tower with clock and gray sky background", "A stone building with a clock on the front", "A stone tower is has a clock on the side.", "A tall brick clock tower towering over a city."]
["Large clock tower with ornate brick work and windows.", "a colorful tower with a clock saying it is 1:05", "a big fancy clock tower with clocks on four sides", "View of one of the clocks surrounding this tower top", "The clock is built into a large square brick tower."]
["A bathroom has a fancy light on the floor, as well as red and white walls ", "A chandelier and clock are visible near ceramic tiles in this upside-down view.", "A flipped image of 2 toned room with a small chandelier.", "A small clock on a wall in a room.", "The corner of a room painted half red and half blue with a clock and window appears upside down with a white ceiling-like floor complete with chandelier."]
["A hand carved vase sitting on a blue cloth. ", "A vase sitting on display and tilted a bit to the right.", "a close up of a vase with decorations ", "A vase and lids are sitting on a table.", "A very old and large plant vase next to others. "]
["a man with many plates filled with different colors of paint", "Man with containers of paint painting the design on plates.", "There are many different plates on top of this table", "Artist painting plates and bowls behind a glass", "A man working at a table covered with shallow bowls."]
["five vases covered in flowers in front of a woven screen", "An arrangement of hand painted vases are on a table.", "A picture of a variety of oriental style vases.", "Pink flowers are in one of many ceramic vases.", "A group of Chinese vases sitting on a carpeted area."]
["Flowers in a glass vase sitting in a window.", "A vase sitting in front of a window filled with flowers. ", "A pot of several flowers standing next to a window", "A vase with flowers in a windowsill catching the sunlight.", "A vase is filled with a bouquet of mixed flowers by a window."]
["A white vase with a painted blue flower border on a blue towel.", "A view of a vase sitting on a blue towel.", "A ceramic vase has flowers painted on it.", "Small vase decorated with blue flowers sitting on a blue towel.", "a white cup is sitting on a blue thing"]
[" A set of three vases filled with water and flowers.", "The three clear vases each have flowers in them. ", "Several vases of flowers are pictured in a black and white photograph.", "Three large vases with flowers in front of a dining area.", "a black and white photo of some flowers in vases"]
["Red, yellow and purple flowers in a painted flower vase.", "A white vase of flowers on the ground.", "The small vase is holding several colorful flowers. ", "Flowers in a white flower patterned vase on dirt", "A white vase filled with lots of different colored flowers."]
["glass figurines sitting on top of a table. ", "There are many pieces of various colored glass on the table. ", "Table display of different sized and colored vases", "A large group od glass object on a table in front of a mirror.", "a big group of glass cups that are different colors"]
["A pot and some vases on a table in a room.", "A counter topped with vases in front of a window.", "A collection of vases and pottery on display.", "Several vases of different sizes and with different designs on a counter. ", "A row of amphora on a display shelf."]
["A set of three vases filled with green plants.", "Three large vases hold plants in them while on the side", "Three brass vases with plants in them near a building", "Three vases of plants are lined up outside of a building.", "A trio of large brass colored vases sitting on a wall line."]
["A vase filled with flowers on a counter top.", "a couple of flowers that are in a vase", "a metal vase and a few small red flowers", "A decorated vase with flowers on a tiled floor", "A rustic vase holds some red wildflowers in a simple arrangement."]
["A boy sitting at a table cutting out paper.", "A young boy sitting at a dinning room table cutting up paper.", "A boy sitting down cutting some paper with scissors.", "A boy in pajamas sitting at a table cutting paper.", "A small boy cutting out things from paper at a kitchen table."]
["A brown teddy bear sitting in the middle of a road.", "A teddy bear seemingly walking along a busy street", "A teddy bear is held up beside a busy street with a monument in the background.", "A man standing in the street beside cars waiting in traffic.", "A busy city street and a teddy bear on the road."]
["A group of people sitting around a circular table with food.", "The group of people are sitting at the table eating. ", "Five young people sit at a restaurant table.", "many people seated around a table with plates of food", "A group of people sitting at a dinner table."]
["the girl is sitting by the window eating", "The girl is sitting at the table eating her food.", "A little Asian girl sitting down to eat her breakfast in a spotless restaurant. ", "A young girl sitting at a table with bowls of food", "A little girl sitting in a restaurant eating a meal.  "]
["A little girl sitting in front of a table full of dishes.", "A kid sitting at a table eating some food.", "Young girl at table with food items near seating area.", "A girl observing a piece of food at a dinner table.", "A little girl that is sitting on a table."]
["Three freshly baked roles on a pink napkin on a wooden table.", "a close up of some bread on a napkin", "Three biscuits sitting on top of a pink and white napkin", "Three small rolls laying down of on top of a pink napkin together. ", "Three buns are set on a paper towel."]
["A kitchen filled with jars of orange juice next to donuts.", "A restaurant with the counter full of drinks and food .", "Counters at a restaurant that is covered with breakfast foods and drinks. ", "A serving counter in a restaurant set up for breakfast.", "A buffet of breakfast items laid out on a counter"]
["A counter with several plates of food on it.", "A counter top covered with an arrangement of food.", "An arrangement of appetizers at a fancy party.", "A buffet style spread in an office break room.", "A buffet set up with various food items."]
["Mushrooms are used in many variety of dishes", "A pan full of different food being cooked.", "A chicken and rice dish being cooked. ", "A pan of food with mushrooms and cheese", "Four different food dishes including rice and chicken."]
["A white and blue plate topped with steak and bread next to asparagus.", "A beef steak, asparagus and piece of bread on a plate.", "a white plate with some bread steak silverware and some asparagus", "THERE IS A PLATE OF VEGETABLES AND MEAT ON IT", "Plates of steak, bread, and asparagus sit on a table. "]
["Three glasses of wine sitting on a wooden table.", "Three glasses of wine on a wine tasting mat on a table.", "Three wines sit on a wine tasting information card.", "there are three glasses of wine for tasting", "at a wine tasting they are given three different ones to try"]
["A man holding a glass filled with dark liquid next to a table.", "A man at a restaurant holding a glass of wine.", "a man sitting a restraunt table holding a glass of wine", "The man is holding up a glass of wine.", "A man with a glass of wine in his hand."]
["A skier in the midst of a jump", "The person is skiing down the hill fast.", "A skier takes off down a snowy hill.", "A man riding skis down the side of a snow covered ski slope.", "A man leans forward on skis while jumping on a mountain."]
["An angled view from the kitchen of an unfurnished home.", "A view of a small kitchen area and an entry area beyond that.", "The view of a kitchen from above leading into a dining room.", "A kitchen has a stove burner on the counter.", "A view of kitchen, dining area and living room of a house."]
["Fruit in a jar filled with liquid sitting on a wooden table.", "Some yellow objects are floating in red liquid in a jar.", "There is a jar filled with an unknown liquid and solid.", "A jar of homemade sangria sitting on a table.", "A jar filled with liquid sits on a wood surface."]
["Kitchen with refrigerator, range and vent, and white colored cabinets with an oak top.", "Picture of mis-matched kitchen, white refrigerator and stainless stove and hood.", "A kitchen nook features a silver stove, and white refrigerator while the wall is rustic wood.", "Well lit kitchen with stainless steel stove and white cabinets and refrigerator", "A neat kitchen against a wooden wall and tiles on the floor."]
["A kitchen counter top with many different appliances.", "A kitchen filled with lots of pots, pans and dishes.", "an area of a kitchen with the stove, oven and shelves with books", "Shelves in the kitchen filled with books, cups, glasses and a clock", "A kitchen with white cupboards, a bowl of bananas, cookbooks, a blue teakettle and other sundries."]
["A dog is catching a Frisbee at the dog show ", "A dog catching a frisbee at a dog competition.", "A crowd is watching a dog with a frisbee.", "A dog catching a white frisbee in it's mouth.", "A black and white dog catching a frisbee on a field."]
["A crowd of people standing around a field.", "A man and his dog are on a field with a crowd watching the dog standing up holding onto the frisbee.", "A dog is catching a Frisbee at a competition.", "A dog performing a trick at a dog show.", "People are watching a dog stand on its hind legs."]
["a spotted dog sitting underneath the kitchen counter", "A dog sits underneath the counter in a kitchen.", "A black and white dog is in an empty cabinet.", "A large dog sitting underneath a kitchen counter", "A dog is sitting in the space where the dishwasher might go in a kitchen."]
["A man standing at a kitchen counter working.", "Kitchen appliances and a man in a kitchen", "A man standing in a kitchen standing next to a counter.", "A man is in a long kitchen darkly lit.", "A man making something to eat in his kitchen."]
["A kitchen with an oven and a dishwasher.", "this kitchen has blue cabinet doors and a silver dishwasher", "The kitchen is equipped with all the newestappliances.", "a kitchen that has blue cabinets in it", "EXTREMELY MISMATCHED KITCHEN WITH BRIGHT BLUE CABINETS AND BROWN FLOOR"]
["A shack with a  floor covered with dirt and straws.", "a small garage space with a bunch of large jars in it ", "A basement with a hot water heater filled with buckets.", "Small barn area with several white gallon buckets sitting on the ground. ", "A metal building with buckets and barrels inside."]
["The crowd is waiting for the event to begin.", "Many people are at an event in a park.", "A massive group of people standing near the head of a statue of liberty.", "a group of people clustered to gether in front of a statue of liberty head", "There is a huge crowd of people in an area sitting on the grass and watching. ", "Large crowd of people on hill near head of statue."]
["A man uses his computer while sitting at a desk. ", "A man is using a computer in his dining room", "A man working on his laptop computer at the table.", "Man sitting at a dining room table working on his laptop computer. ", "The man is using a mouse looking at the computer."]
["Pictures of Queen Elizbeth the second riding a horse.", "There are several pictures of a woman riding a horse at a competition.", "Horse riders are showing off their horses tricks.", "A view of horses galloping and prancing in a parade.", "A man rides a horse in the center of a road and many people stand nearby."]
["A group of people standing around a kitchen next to appliances.", "Several people busy in a kitchen cooking food.", "Men and women in aprons working in a kitchen.", "a GROUP OF PEOPLE IN A KITCHEN PREPARING FOOD", "A group of men and women around an island in a commercial kitchen."]
["A teenager riding a skateboard down a street.", "A young person rides down the street on a skateboard.", "A young man skateboards down the street. ", "A boy riding a skateboard with another skateboard attached to his back.", "a black and white picture of a boy skateboarding "]
["A red kitchen with metallic appliances and paintings on the wall.", "kitchen has nice new appliances and red paint ", "A home kitchen with a double oven and a large counter.", "A large red kitchen with stainless steel appliances.", "A spacious kitchen has red walls, white countertops, and a large stove. "]
["A young girl walking through a flower garden.", "a kid playing in the garden holding a doll", "A littel girl is in a garden looking up in the sky.", "A child walking through a flower garden on a sunny day.", "A kid standing near flowers while looking up towards the sky. "]
["A large metal spoon sitting on top of a cup.", "A spoon is curved side down on a side of sauce. ", "A spoon and a cup on a table.", "A spoon on top of a  cofee cup", "Metal spoon on a table in front of a window"]
["A wall mounted oven inside of a kitchen with a large entrance.", "a kitchen with a set of double doors wide open and stainless steel appliances", "A very nice looking kitchen with the doors open.", "a bright white kitchen with open doors leading to the back yard", "A kitchen with a door, stove, sink, cabinets and a vase with flowers. "]
["A modern open concept kitchen and dining room.", "The dining area in the kitchen area of a house.", "A kitchen with a table, chairs, oven, sink and wood floors.", "Large open kitchen area with wooden table and flooring.", "Large open kitchen with wooden floor and marble countertops. "]
["a man in the kitchen trying to draw water with a  pipe", "a man in a kitchen with some kind of bottle and tube", "A man with a jug and a bucket in a kitchen", "A man filling a water gallon in the kitchen.", "A person draining maple syrup into a bucket."]
["A woman is standing in her kitchen posing for a photo. ", "a black and white photo of a woman a table and chairs", "A woman leaning against a counter in a kitchen.", "The woman is standing in the kitchen close to the table.", "a woman standing by a kitchen counter "]
["A group of people sitting around a long table", "People are sitting at a table together on computers.", "A group of men are at a big table with laptop computers.", "some tables with people and some are looking at laptops", "A large group of people at a table using laptops."]
["A woman is enjoying a sip of wine while cooking dinner.", "A woman standing at a stove drinking a bottle of white wine.", "A woman takes a drink out of a bottle while cooking.", "Woman preparing meal takes sip of wine from bottle.", "This is a girl wearing an oven mitt drinking wine right out of the bottle."]
["Two potatoes sit on a cluttered kitchen counter.  ", "A kitchen with a wood counter and white cabinets, and a window on the wall next to the counter top.", "A mostly white colored kitchen with a counter full of items.", "Variety of items displayed on wooden counter top in white kitchen.", "a small kitchen clustered with small  utensils "]
["A kitchen table is lined with cooking materials. ", "pieces of  meat and a cooker and a knife", "A kitchen counter with a tea kettle, bowls, a knife, a cutting board, pots and pans, and sliced meat on a board.", "A pile of chopped meat sitting on a cutting board in a kitchen.", "cooking utensils a cutting board with food and a tea kettle"]
["A group of people sitting and laying next to each other.", "A family sitting outside on a blanket eating food.", "People are on blankets and chairs under trees.", "a gathering of people, some are sitting in chairs and others on a blanket", "Two women, a child, and a young man with Down's syndrome on a picnic blanket with food while people sit in folding chairs in the background in a park."]
["A little girl holding a brown stuffed animal.", "A young girl walking barefoot carries a stuffed animal.", "A little girl is carrying a stuffed animal.", "A young girl with a stuffed toy in a park.", "A little red headed girl walking with a stuffed puppy."]
["A bike sitting near the water that has boats in it.", "A bicycle sitting along side a body of water with boats in it.", "A canal with boats lines with brick walkways that have bikes and trees.", "A car is parked alongside a muddy canal.", "A couple of boats that are sitting in the water."]
["A bicycle leaning against the hull of a boat", "A bicycle parked next to an old boat on a pebbly beach", "A bicycle chained to a beached boat on a beach.", "The bike is parked next to the boat. ", "a bike resting against a boat out side"]
["A couple of bikes parked next to each other near a ramp.", "A pair of bikes sitting on a dock.", "Two bicycles are chained to a railing. ", "Bicycles parked on a dock near boats in the water.", "some bikes parked on a harbor near a walking bridge"]
["A tiled bathroom with white towels hanging up. ", "Many folded towels are hung over a toilet, next to a window. ", "a light brown bathroom with some white towels and a toilet", "A bathroom with towels hanging next to a window.", "A bathroom with white towels and hand towels hanging."]
["Three bikes on the shore while people talk on a small boat.", "A group of bikes are on the beach with a boat nearby on the water.", "Bikes parked next to a boat dock with people standing on it.", "A boat sitting in the water with people on it while their bikes stand in the sand.", "Bikes parked on beach with people in a boat."]
["A woman is riding a bike with something in her hand. ", "A woman rides a bicycle down a country road holding a cell phone.", "A woman riding her bike down a farm road.", "A woman riding a bike down the street.", "Woman riding on a bicycle holding up a cell phone with her hand. "]
["AN OLD SCHOOL BIKE SITTING IN FRONT OF A CAFE ", "An old antique bike sitting in front of a glass window.", "A bike with a basket on a street.", "A bicycle with a basket on the front parked in front of a restaurant. ", "a bicycle is outside of a large window"]
["A bathroom with a toilet, tub, mirror and shower curtain. ", "A small bathroom has a beige shower curtain.", "A small bathroom with a white toilet, tub, and curtains.", "A little toilet next to a tub by a window.", "A bathroom that has a tile floor and a toilet with the lid open."]
["A toilet that is very clean in a bathroom.", "a bathroom with a mirror tiled wall and black rugs", "A bathroom with a white toilet sitting next to a sink.", "A bathroom has a wall of all mirror and a white sink and toilet", "A bathroom with porcelain toilet and a mirrored wall."]
["A white toilet sitting inside of a bathroom.", "A toilet in a bathroom that is being built.", "A bathroom with white floors and white walls. ", "A bathroom is under construction and contains only a toilet.", "a white toilet in a small home bathroom"]
["A bathroom with a large mirror above a white sink.", "A birdcage is near the sink in the bathroom.", "A three piece bathroom with a single vanity.", "A bathroom with a green wall and a sink encased in dark wood cabinets.", "a bathroom with a sink and a bath tub in it."]
["A close shot of what seems to be a public restroom. ", "A modern bathroom with a tub, shower and two wash basins.", "A empty bathroom that has a light on, on the wall.", "A very large bathroom with two sinks, tub, shower and water closet", "An elegant looking washroom with unique basins and a patterned tile."]
["A well lit area of the bathroom with white paintings. ", "a bathroom with a white toilet next to a tub.", "The bathroom is empty and also very clean.", "A redesigned neutral bathroom looks spacious and inviting.", "DIMLY LIT BATHROOM WITH SINK, TOILET, AND TUB"]
["The bathroom has a towel rack on the sink counter below the large mirror. ", "A modern bathroom with tiled floor and a bamboo plant on the counter.", "A bathroom with a large mirror and a white toilet.", "A bathroom showing toilet, sink, and mirror ", "a big bathroom that has a sink and a toilet in it"]
["A group of people on bicycles in a busy street.", "People on bicycles and pedal carts traveling down a city street.", "People walking and riding bicycles down a street.", "A bunch of people in the streets walking and riding bicycles.", "Group of people riding bicycles on a busy city street. "]
["a man standing by his bike with his hands on the seat", "The man is standing by his bike to pose for a photo. ", "A man stands  with a bicycle next to a long gren van.", " A ASIAN MAN HOLDING ON TO A BIKE IN FRONT OF A BUILDING ", "A man is posing next to his bike on a brick sidewalk, and a green van is parked out in the street next to him."]
["A ladder sitting against a bathroom wall next to a toilet.", "A small bathroom has a ladder on the wall", "a black and white image of a bathroom with a ladder in it", "an image of a bathroom scene with toilet and ladder", "Looking at a bathroom with a ladder shelf, bathtub, toilet and sink."]
["A very dingy and grime bathroom that's in someone's house. ", "An old bathroom with rotting walls and peeling paint", "There is a scary bathroom with no shower curtain. ", "A bathroom that has a sink and  a tub.", "A picture of a very dirty small bathroom."]
["a bookshelf with books and a small statue of a bicycle with a basket.", "A motorcycle sitting on top of a wooden book shelf.", "A metal bicycle on the top of a wooden bookshelf.", "Books sit on a shelf beneath a small model of a bike.", "toy bike sits on top of book shelf filled with books"]
["The two young children are playing with a plastic chair.", "Two kids in a room playing with toys.", "Two children playing with a purple chair next to a sofa.", "Two children play in a room with many toys.", "Two little kids that are playing with a chair."]
["this is a white bike with a light on it", "A folding bicycle with storage compartment on the back.", "A bicycle with led lights a helmet and bag on it.", "A bicycle parked inside a room on top of tiled floor.", "A bicycle with headlights is photographed in a room."]
["Three young men are standing next to four bicycles.", "A group of three men standing next to bikes.", "Three teenage boys wearing bike helmets posing with their bicycles.", "Three men with helmets stand next to strange bikes.", "Three boys posing with their helmets on and their bikes."]
["A white toilet sitting under a water tank.", "A white and blue tile bathroom with a white toilet.", "toilet in small space with blue and white tile", "A white toilet in a very small room.", "A toilet sits in a small space, with equipment overhead."]
["A bright white enamel bathroom with a checked floor.", "A clean, narrow bathroom that is entirely white.", "A plain white bathroom with a sink, tub and toilet.", "A white bathroom has a checkered black and white floor.", "a little bathroom with a tile floor and a little window "]
["A bathtub is beneath a torn down wall.", "A bathtub with water in it in a bathroom with destroyed walls.", "A bathtub being filled up in a bathroom that seems to be falling apart.", "An old bathtub is filled with water in a rundown bathroom.", "A bath tub filled with water with a hole in the wall.\n"]
["A person at the door with a desk at the center of the room and a potted plant", "A yellow bathroom with sink, mirror, tub, potted plant and window.", "A large bathroom with a vanity, mirror, sink and deep tub.", "A bathroom with a sink, mirror and a tub.", "A decorated bathroom with dark granite counter tops."]
["An empty bathroom with a shower next to a toilet.", "A small bathroom with a toilet and a bathtub with an open shower curtain.", "A small bathroom with a window in the wall alongside the shower.", "A bathroom with a toilet and window in the tub.", "A simple bathroom with a toilet and shower."]
["A blue and yellow bus parked in front of a man with a  bike.", "a blue and yellow bus with a person putting mounting a bicycle on the front of the bus", "A person puts their bike on a blue and yellow bus.", "A person places his bike in the rack on a downtown bus.", "A man putting a bicycle on the front of a bus."]
["A busy city street with several double decker buses in traffic ", "A busy city street has many red double decked buses on it.", "A bunch of cars that are sitting in the street.", "There is a lot of traffic in the city this time of day. ", "Busy two way street with pedestrians along both sides."]
["a close up of a bath room counter with items", "There is toothpaste and toothbrushes on a bathroom sink with a partial view of a person. ", "A woman is shown in the reflection of a mirror amidst various bathroom products. ", "A sink level view of a very messy bathroom sink.", "Items on the bathroom counter where a woman is washing her face"]
["Stop lights are lit up in a cloudy dark sky.", "Street lights and stop lights are displayed on a road.", "The night is foggy and there are many lights at this intersection.", "a misty night with lights and some traffic lights", "The street lights are glowing in the fog."]
["a bath room with a toilet near a window ", "A white toilet sitting underneath a window in a pink bathroom.", "This is a very small bathroom with pink walls.", "A pink bathroom with a toilet, shower, and other bathroom accessories. ", "A very cluttered and cramped pink bathroom. "]
["A toilet with plastic over the toilet seat. ", "A toilet has a plastic cover over the seat part.", "A tankless toilet with plastic around the seat.", "A white toilet with the seat covered in plastic.", "a backless toilet is wrapped in packaging paper for shipping"]
["A tasteful white and beige bathroom features and oval sink and large mirror.", "A bathroom mirror with a reflection of a door and sink in front of it.", "a sink in a small room with towel holders", "A sink that is very white inside of a bathroom.", "a mirror a sink a towel rack and some drawers"]
["a bathroom with a toilet, tub and window", "Doorway view of bathroom with a tub, sink and window.", "This bathroom has a toilet, tissue roll, bathtub, and two towel racks.", "A white toilet sitting under a window in a bathroom.", "a bath room with a toilet a window and a bath tub"]
["a wood counter top in a long bathroom", "A bathroom with the lights on and brown carpets on the floor.", "Small bathroom with marble countertops and a black toilet. ", "A bathroom with a long sink and mirror on the wall. ", "A bathroom decorated with brown rugs and towels."]
["A white toilet sitting up against a wall under a window.", "a shot from the bathroom door of a toilet ", "looking through a doorway at a bathroom and toilet", "A picture of a bathroom in the process of being remodeled. ", "An view of a toilet of a bathroom that is being remodeled."]
["A bathroom with a white sink next to a toilet paper roller.", "In a white bathroom with colored towels a woman holds a camera up and her reflection is in the mirror.", "A woman takes a picture of her bathroom, reflected in the mirror. ", "A woman is taking her picture in the bathroom mirror.", "A woman is taking a picture of herself."]
["A bathroom with an open door and a sink beneath a mirror.", "A door to a bathroom half open and a white vanity.", "a close up of a bathroom with a sink in the background", "A white bathroom with tiled floor and sliding door", "A partially open door with a bathroom behind it."]
["An angry cat hissing while sitting on a bathroom counter.", "Cat phissing or yawning on a bathroom countertop", "A cat that is sitting near a sink.", "A cat snarling at a person taking a picture of it.", "A cat is hissing in the bathroom on the counter."]
["A bathroom counter lined with lots of metal sinks.", "three very clean sinks in a public restroom", "many different sinks near one another with mirrors", "A row of sinks in a public restroom.", "A row of sinks and mirrors in a rest room"]
["A black and white cat is sitting in the sink.", "A black and white cat laying in a bathroom sink.", "A cat laying in a white sink next to a toilet.", "Black and White cat lays inside of the sink", "The cat is relaxing in the bathroom sink."]
["Cat on floor by toilet looking up to cat laying in sink", "A white toilet and a sink with a cat.", "A washroom with toilet and sink in which a cat is s", "Two cats in a bathroom one in a sink and one near the toilet.", "A very cute cat sitting in a sink in the rest room."]
["A parked car with a cat laying on top of it.", "A cat sitting on a car cleaning itself.", "A cat laying on top of a white car.", "A cat cleaning itself on the hood of an old car.", "A cat gives itself a bath on the hood of a car."]
["A black cat sitting on top of the hood of a car.", "a cat sitting on the hood of a car that needs a paint job", "A cat sits on the hood of an old car.", "There is something that looks particularly interesting here. \n", "A black cat sitting on a hood of an old car"]
["Three dogs exploring a stream and rocks in nature. ", "Three dogs running around in a rocky creek.", "A trio of dogs walking through a small stream.", "Two dogs walking along a path in a forest.", "A group of dogs is playing by a stream."]
["A dog wearing sunglasses sitting inside a car. ", "A dog in a car with sun glasses on ", "A dog wearing sunglasses setting in the passenger seat of a car.", "A dog wearing sunglasses sitting in the front seat", "A silly brown dog wears sunglasses as it sits in a car"]
["A herd of sheep walking down a road in front of a silver truck.", "Cars are going down the road by some sheep.", "A heard of sheep are slowing drivers down on the road.", "A flock of sheep is walking down the road.", "A flock of sheep on a paved mountain road cause a traffic jam"]
["Photo taken from inside a car showing lamb in the street.", "A herd of white sheep walking down a street.", "A herd of white sheep trail a car with a blue interior.", "A lot of animals that are out in the road.", "Sheep herd on road with dashboard photo and trees in background"]
["Three different types of dogs looking at the camera.", "Three dogs are in the grass together looking at the camera.", "A group of dogs standing next to each other while on leashes.", "Three dogs on leashes standing next to each other.", "Three dogs on leashes standing in the grass."]
["A mini car mouse is sitting on a mousepad with the headlights on.", "A little toy car has it's lights on.", "A device fashioned to look like a yellow car sits atop the desk blotter.", "A yellow toy car with lights on sitting on a black mat.", "A computer mouse in the design of a yellow car with headlights on."]
["A woman sitting in a car holding a smart phone.", "A young girl texting  on a cell phone in a car.", "A girl checks her phone in a vehicle inside a parking lot.", "Girl texting on a cell phone in a parking lot.", "A female on a cell phone in a car. "]
["A woman standing outside with her black luggage.", "a person with travel luggage next to a car", "a woman with three pieces of luggage outside", "Smiling woman standing with luggage in front of her car", "A woman with three suitcases stands in front of a car."]
["The bowl of a white porcelain bidet with the seat raised.", "A close shot of the inside of a toilet that's clean. ", "A white toilet with the lid up in a bathroom.", "An open clean, white bidet is on display.", "A view of the inside of a white toilet. "]
["A bathroom with some of the wall removed during a renovation.", "A view of a bathroom that is in the process of being remodeled.  ", "A picture of a full bathroom with a large tub.", "Renovating a bathroom with toilet and tub and floor.", "A bathroom renovation in progress awaiting tile installation"]
["A large white dog statue sitting next to a clock.", "The large statue of a dog is near a clock on a pole.", "there is a black clock on this very busy street ", "A pavement with dog statue and a clock on a post next to it.", "People strolling down a sidewalk beside a busy street."]
["The person is walking in the alley alone ", "A young man is walking out of what looks like a parking garage.", "a person is walking down a long tunnel", "A man standing in a tunnel next to a car.", "A person s walking down a dark alley way carrying his skateboard."]
["A orange and cream colored bus parked outside a small market.", "An older orange van is parked next to a modern mini van in front of a small shop.", "An orange Volkswagen bus with a white roof.", "A retro bug van is parked at a rustic looking convenience store.", "A large organ van is parked next to a smaller van. "]
["There is a classic, black automobile sitting in a showroom. There are people looking at it in the background. ", "A restored Woodie brings back old beach memories.", "An old station wagon is shown in a car show.", "Antique car sitting with other old cars in a museum. ", "Old fashioned, restored, old fashioned black vehicle in a garage"]
["A towel hangs beneath a sink in a bathroom.", "An all white bathroom with toilet and sink. ", "A empty restroom with a white toilet and a sink.", "a bathroom with a toilet and a sink wit ha towel", "A bathroom in which everything inside is white.", "A very narrow antiseptic looking bathroom with no color."]
["A white motorcycle is next to a store front that says \"Macau welcomes you\".", "People working on a motor bike while at a race.", "Several people are standing around while a man works on a motorcycles wheel.", "A motorcycle with a rider on it and a pit crew servicing the motorcycle as other people look on.", "a pit crew taking care of a racing motorcycle"]
["A man riding a motorcycle next to a red stop sign.", "The motor cycle rider is going threw a stop sign. ", "A motorcycle sitting on a road beside a stop sign.", "a person riding a motorcycle near a stop sign ", "A LONG ROAD ON A STREET AND MOTORIST STOPPING AT A STOP SIGN"]
["A woman that is sitting on a motorcycle in the grass.", "a lady on a motorcycle with a helmet on", "A women who is sitting on a motorcycle.", "A female on with a helmet is sitting on a motorcycle.", "A woman wearing a motorcycle helmet sitting on a motorcylce."]
["a man on a motorcycle that is in some grass", "A man is in a yard on a motorcycle.", "A man wearing a helmet posing on top of a motorcycle.", "A man riding on the back of a motorcycle on top of a grass field.", "A person sitting on a motorcycle in the grass."]
["A smiling woman sitting on a stationary motorcycle.", "A person is smiling while sitting on a motorcycle.", "A woman riding on a motorcycle on a green field.", "A woman sitting on a motorcycle in a park.", "A woman in sunglasses smiles while posing on her motorcycle."]
["a person standing next to a parked motorcycle on a field ", "A woman in a grey shirt standing next to a motorcycle. ", "Woman posing in front of a personal motorcycle.", "There is a woman wearing a bandana with a motorcycle.", "A women who is standing next to a motorcycle."]
["A toddler playing with toy trains on a toilet.", "Young child on floor next to commode playing with toy trains.", "A child sitting next to a toilet with some toys.", "a small shirtless child toy trains and a toilet", "A child playing with trains on a toilet."]
["A black and white cat sitting on top of a toilet seat.", "A cat stands on the seat of a toilet.", "One black and white colored cat sitting on top of the toilet.", "A black cat is standing on the toilet looking at the camera. ", "There is a tuxedo cat standing on a toilet seat"]
["a man sitting on a red and black motorcycle", "An elderly man on a red motorcycle. ", "The man is sitting on his motorcycle. ", "A man is wearing jeans on a red motorcycle.", "A man wearing a jean jacket sitting on a motorcycle."]
["A toilet has several toilet paper roll dispensers.", "A bathroom has eight rolls of toilet paper.", "There are eight toilet roll holders and only one toilet.", "a bathroom with a lot of toilet paper rolls on the wall ", "A bathroom with a wall of toilet paper rolls "]
["Two people are riding a small motorcycle off-road.", "Two people on a motorcycle ride towards the road. ", "Two people on a motorcycle riding in the dirt besides a major road", "A man is riding a motorcycle on a gravel road beside a street.", "A man in a tan shirt riding a motor bike on a dirt road. "]
["A small child riding on a blue wheeled toy.", "A little girl sitting on a motorized toy motorcycle.", "a small child riding a toy motorcycle indoors", "an image of a child that is one a toy motorcycle", "A small child is riding a toy motorcycle."]
["A man standing next to a red motorcycle next to a orange van.", "A man with a helmet stands next to a van.", "A man in black jacket next to red motorcycle and orange van.", "a mini van parked next to a red motorcyle ", "Two people stand by a motorcycle and a van."]
["A whit toilet sitting under a picture in a frame.", "A bathroom with the light on and a painting hanging over the toilet.", "A powder room with a granite countertop and an abstract print on the wall.", "A bathroom with a toilet and a sink. ", "a bathroom with a painting above the toilet"]
["A bathroom area with a crate full of water and an in-floor urinal.", "A blue box on the tiled floor of a bathroom.", "A bathroom with a urinal and a box with a yellow scoop.", "The bathroom is dirty and needs to be cleaned.", "An in floor c toilet next to a water container with dipper."]
["One of the oldest buildings in this town.", "A tall building with a clock on it. ", "View of an architectural steeple from down below.", "A clock on a tower at a church.", "A clock that is inside of a large tower."]
["A very white toilet that is in a clean room.", "A white toilet resting on a pink tile floor beside a window.", "A bathroom has a roll of toilet paper on the tank.", "There are two toilette paper rolls on the wall in the bathroom, next to a commode with the lid open and seat down.", "The toilet seat is up and there are two toilet paper dispensers."]
["A yellow smiley face cat sitting on a white plate.", "a smiling yellow cake on a white square plate", "A round cake iced with yellow frosting and a smiley face.", "A smiley face cake is centered on a white plate.", "A homemade cake is decorated with a smiley face. "]
["A bow of fruit, such as bananas and apples.", "a bowl of apples and a bunch of bananas ", "A black and white image of apples and bananas. ", "A black and white fruit bowl is shown in a bowl.", "A bowl filled with lots of apples and bananas."]
["an all white and marble bathroom with a toilet and a sink in frame ", "a bathroom with tile floors and walls ", "A bathroom is shown in all white and marble.", "The bathroom is white and has a marble counter top", "The bathroom is clean and ready for us to use."]
["A street scene with many people on motorbikes. ", "A crowded city street filled with lots of tall building.", "Pedestrians and people on motor bikes travel down a busy street.", "Many scooters are driving through a busy city street.", "a couple of people on motor bikes on a street"]
["A group of people on mopeds in a busy street.", "Many people on motor bikes driving down a city street.", "Many people on motorcycles are coming down the street.", "a group of motorcyclists riding with traffic in the city", "A busy street with many people riding motorcycles."]
["A toilet is on a tile floor in a bathroom.", "A white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a toilet paper dispenser.", "a white toilet in a bathroom with tiled walls and floor", "A toilet and toilet paper in a bathroom.", "A commode in the corner of a bathroom."]
["Commode scene, probably commercial establishment, outside of USA.", "A toilet stall with green marble walls and a painting.", "a bathroom with a toilet and two rolls of toilet paper near by", "A clean small public bathroom with tiled walls.", "A small toilet in a narrow bathroom with gray walls."]
["A single banana is on a white table.", "A close up view of a banana sitting on a table.", "The banana and bowls of food are sitting on the table.", "A close-up of a yellow banana on a table.", "Close up of a banana sitting on a white counter"]
["Assorted flavored donuts being grabbed by multiple hands.", "A group of people with a bunch of doughnuts. ", "Individuals holding pastries or donuts of some kind", "Several people holding pastries in front of the camera.", "A group of people are putting their sweet treats all towards each other.  "]
["a living room with some fancy curtains behind a couch ", "A small living room with a tv and two couches. ", "the room is a living room with sofas", "Interior living room view of brown couches, drapes and a television.", "A neat and tidy living room during the day time"]
["Oranges in a basket, a pillow and a bottle of liquor.", "Oranges are in a basket on a table next to a liquor bottle.", "Gilded flowers, tapestry pillows, fresh oranges in a glass bowl, and a bottle of spirits suggest Tuscan decor and home accents.", "Bowl of fruit and a bottle of liqour next to gold pillow and ornamental flowers.", "A bowl of oranges near a pillow and golden decorations."]
["A family with two kids on the boat.", "Small boat on muddy river with two children and one adult. ", "A women and two children on a small boat.", "a small boat on a large body of water ", "A group of people sitting in a boat."]
["A red vase sitting on top of a glass table.", "A vase with decorative glass design next to other glass art.", "Two red vases with price tags  sitting on a table.", "a group of fragile red glass vases and candy dishes\n", "A few glass vases sitting on glass display tables."]
["Two eyes peeping through two doors with a floor", "A white, grey, black and yellow door on a train", "The glass windows in a pair of sliding doors is fogged up.", "A train with closed doors while the train in motion.", "A train entrance with two doors and a yellow pole."]
["Two bikers riding their bikes on the road stopped in front of the line. ", "Two motorcyclists sit on their bikes, side by side in traffic.", "Two motorcycle riders talking on the side of the road. ", "Two men that are sitting on motorcycles in the street.", "Two men are sitting at an intersection on motorcycles."]
["A man and child on a red and black motorcycle.", "Man in overalls sitting on motorcycle with baby. ", "A man and boy get ready to ride a motorcycle.", "A man and young boy sitting on a black and red motorcycle", "A man riding a red motorcycle with a young boy on back."]
["A group of parked motorcycles sitting on the side of a road.", "There are many motorcycles parked in front of the old building.", "Several police motorcycles parked on a walkway with people standing around.", "A group of people looking at police motorcycles.", "People standing behind a gate, looking at motorcycles that are parked on a brick road."]
["Police motorcycles parked while police is gather together. ", "Three police officers in a crowd with colorful motorcycles.", "Some motorcycles are parked on a brick area", "Motorcycle police talking to women at an outdoor event in a city", "A group of people and some motor bikes on a street."]
["A cat that is sitting down on a porch.", "A gray cat is sitting on a deck. ", "A black and white cat sits on a wooden porch", "A cat sits on a porch looking to the side. ", "A gray cat sitting on a wood deck."]
["A man that is sitting on a motorcycle under a carport.", "Man sitting on motorcycle next to pickup truck in covered area.", "A man sitting on a motorcycle in a carport. ", "A man on a motorcycle in a carport.", "A smiling man on a motorcycle under a car port."]
["A plane is boarded with maintenance trucks alongside cargo trailers.", "A ramp extends to an airplane that is sitting on the runway.", "A jetliner parked on an airport tarmac next to a truck.", "An airplane parked at the airport loading cargo.", "An airplane being serviced at the airport apron connected to the boarding walkway."]
["A group of men standing around a luggage cart.", "a couple of men that are next to some boxes", "a bunch of crates on a air plane run way", "Men are unloading the trolley of luggage on the runway.", "Several vehicles with pieces of luggage on them with planes off to the side."]
["A photo of the tail of a jet engine airplane on the tarmac.", "A bird painted on the back wing of a jet.", "Jjet with bird logo on tail parked at gate in urban airport.", "A photo of a plane with a Cardinal logo on the back wing.", "The cardinal on the tail of a plane on the tarmac."]
["A blue turboprop airplane races across the blue sky.", "an air plane flying thru the air with a sky background", "View of a plane flying through a very blue sky", "A large airplane with four propellers flying through a blue sky", "A blue airplane in a blue, cloudless sky"]
["A person working at an airport, outside of an airplane.", "An airport worker standing alongside a conveyor belt", "People working at a job site with palates.", "A woman standing next to a luggage cart on an airport.", "A worker is next to a metal trailer at an airport."]
["A passenger jet in flight in a clear blue sky. ", "a large jet plane flying through the air", "An airplane has just taken off and is ascending in the sky.", "A silver and red jet flying through a blue sky.", "The large airplane has his landing gear down."]
["A group of jets sitting on top of an airport tarmac.", "Airplanes are lined up next to an airport.", "A series of planes parked at an airport.", "A row of planes parked in at an airport.", "Planes lined up at the airport arrival gates on a snowy tarmac. "]
["A man riding on the back of a horse near a plane.", "An old sepia toned and gritty photograph has an airplane and men on horses with a flag.", "A person on a horse next to an old plane.", "a vintage photo of a man on a horse near some planes", "An old airplane is crashed by some cowboys."]
["A kite flying above in a crystal clear blue sky.", "There is one kite flying high in the sky.", "a white airplane and a red blue and black kite ", "A brightly colored kits is flying through a clear sky.", "A lone kite flying in the blue sky."]
["The view from the airplane shows a mountain range.", "Overhead view of various mountain tops from above. ", "an air plane wing with many mountains in the background", "A plane flys over a range of mountains", "A view of high mountains from the window of a passenger jet."]
["A passenger jet filled with purple and blue seats.", "A woman in a large empty air plane next to a bed.", "A women standing in an airplane with empty seats. ", "A woman standing in the aisle of an airplane, next to a medical stretcher. ", "a lady on an empty air plane posing."]
["a helicopter is flying upwards in the sky", "A helicopter flying through a cloudy gray sky.", "A green and grey helicopter in a hazy sky.", "a helicopter goes through the grey sky ", "the helicopter has a red stream coming from its bottom half"]
["A grey military jet traveling down the runway.", "a jet air plane that is a bout to take off. ", "there is a military jet that has landed on the ground", "The grey fighter jet is on the runway tarmac.", "The jet plane is getting ready for take off."]
["The view from the inside of a jetliner looking out over the earth.", "the white wing of  plane some clouds and some land", "the view from a plane high up in the sky.", "A aerial view of a far away surface and a wing.", "a view of sky from airplane. above clouds"]
["Three sheep standing in the brush near a small tree.", "Several sheep standing by a tree next to a fence.", "Sheep stand in a group in a lightly wooded area.", "Two sheep and one lamp standing around looking next to a fence. ", "A group of sheep standing by a tree."]
["An airplane on the tarmac and the glass passageway leading to its door", "An airplane sitting at the gate of an airport.", "A commercial airplane hooked up to a gate at the airport.", "a large plain is at a airport terminal", "A jumbo jet plane with a boarding walkway attached to it."]
["A herd of giraffe standing around a lush green tree.", "there is a group of three giraffes standing together.", "Three giraffes two are bending over and  you can not see their heads and one in the center is tall and lanky.", "A group of giraffes in an outdoor enclosure.", "Three adult giraffes standing in a zoo enclosure."]
["Two giraffes grazing from feeder next to trees.", "giraffes pulling and eating plants out of a feeding basket", "Two giraffes are eating their food from a feeder. ", "the giraffe is standing and eating something from the other giraffe", "A couple of giraffe eating from a basket."]
["A couple of baby sheep standing next to each other.", "a couple of small sheep eating some grass", "Two young sheep grazing in the grass together.", "Two white lambs tethered to leashes eating grass.", "baby lambs eating grass off the ground on a leach "]
["A woman holding a sheep by its front legs.", "A man looks after a sheep on his farm.", "A woman with a pink top on is sheering a sheep.", "A sheep in the field being shorn by a man.", "A woman in a bikini top shearing a sheep."]
["A branch stretches in the air while an airplane flies in the distance.", "The plane is flying to close to the trees.", "A jet plane flying past a set of tree limbs.", "A plane descends as seen through tree branches.", "A picture of a jet flying in the air framed by a tree on the left."]
["Two giraffes stand side by side in a fenced in enclosure.", "Two giraffes with necks crossed in an enclosure.", "Two giraffes are sticking their neck out as they stand in the middle of the zoo.", "Two giraffes necking each other at the zoo", "Two giraffes surrounded by a gate standing next to each other. "]
["A bus traveling down a city street at night.", "A car and a school bus are stopped at an intersection.", "A bus that is stopped at streetlights. ", "four sets of stop lights at an intersection ", "A school bus sitting at a traffic light across from another vehicle."]
["A goat in a field with a dog running beside it.", "A small cow is outside with a couple of dogs. ", "A goat and dogs in a rough autumn or winter field.", "A goat and two dogs are running around outside.", "Two goats and a dog in a field."]
["Sheep grazing on the side of a country road", "a herd of  adult sheep grazing on farm land.", "A herd of sheep on a city road.", "A small herd of sheep graze on a country road.", "A flock of sheep are feeding in the grass."]
["The bus and the car are driving down the street.", "A bus and a car wait at a stop light on a steep hill.", "Bus and car coming down a steep city street.", "A big hill on a city street with a big yellow bus and a silver car.", "a yellow and blue bus buildings cars and trees"]
["A group of people standing around tables next to a jet.", "People and tables at a show in a display hanger, underneath a large plane.", "These people are gathered in an airplane hangar", "A bunch of tables in a hanger with an airplane overhead", "People at an airshow near an airplane. "]
["A string of stoplights is going across the street.", "an intersection with street lights and street signs", "An intersection of streets with stop lights hanging above.", "A street with two traffic lights suspended above it.", "A street scene with focus on an intersection with traffic lights."]
["A green and white street sign that reads \"pee wee reese rd.\"", "A street sign dangles near a green traffic light.", "The traffic light is suspended from a telephone wire.", "A street sign that says Pee Wee Reese Street.", "A green traffic light  and telephone wires"]
["A cloudy day with a few airplanes waiting to take off.", "A bunch of airplanes at the gate and taxing at the airport.", "a big plane is parked as other planes take off ", "One plane in its hangar with two on the runway.", "A Kuwait Airlanes jumbo jet docked at an airport terminal with other planes behind it on the runway."]
["A large green airplane in a stationary position.", "A green Air Plane is stopped in its station. ", "A jumbo jet airplane in a holding place on a runway.", "A airplane that is sitting on a runway.", "a very  large green airplane on a runway"]
["A large white airplane with blue tail parked.", "A jumbo jet airplane siiting next to a scissor lift machine.", "a white and blue plane parked on a tarmac", "a large plane is parked at the runway ", "a plane is on the tarmac preparing to load or unload"]
["A very cute cat sitting on a park bench.", "A spotted white and brown cat sits on a bench.", "A white and gray cat with a striped tail crouches on a park bench under some bushes. ", "a cat sitting on a bench outdoors next to shrubbery", "The cat is setting on the bench near the bushes."]
["A cat laying on top of a wooden bench.", "A cat sits on a bench near some vegetation.", "A brown cat is sitting on a bench near bushes.", "a cat that is laying on a bench", "An orange tabby cat laying down on a bench near shrubs."]
["A cat is sitting outdoors near a park bench. ", "A very cute cat by an empty wooden bench.", "A cat that is laying in the dirt.", "A white cat next to a park bench.", "A cat standing behind a wooden bench next to white flowers."]
["A man in black hoodie playing with a dog.", "A man playing with a dog in the park.", "Dog jumps up high to it's owner to grab a hold on the frisbee", "A man playing with a brown dog on top of a green field.", "a person in a field with a dog jumping in the air"]
["Cars are travelling on a foreign city street.", "a street full of vehicles around a bunch of buildings", "There are a lot if cars parked in the street", "An oriental city with traffic flowing in one direction and hardly any in the other.", "Rush hour traffic in other countries is just as difficult as we face daily."]
["A night time image of a very wide and crowded city street.", "Six lanes of traffic in the city at night ", "There are many cars driving along the road at night.", "a bunch of cars are on a busy street at night", "A busy city street is lit up by vehicles and building lights"]
["A couple of long buses stopped at a bus stop next to a bridge.", "A street scene with four buses lined up on the side of the road.", "Buses lined up on the side of the street.", "A line of buses parked outside on a city street.", "A tandem city bus parked on a city street."]
["A giraffe that is standing in the grass.", "a giraffe and a zebra some grass a log and trees", "at the orphanage showing a girafffe and a zebra", "A zebra standing next to a giraffe on a field.", "A zebra and giraffe stand beside each other."]
["a long passenger bus turning the corner by a building ", "A Metro bus line departs its terminus station", "A long bus turning a corner in a city street.", "The double length city bus is driving around a street curve.", "the bus M15 is moving along on the road"]
["A yellow bus in parking lot with power lines above.", "A large pole stands tall over the building.", "A school bus is in a large parking lot.", "A yellow school bus parked next to a  tall pole.", "A yellow school bus parked at the end of a street."]
["A bus parks close to a truck in front of a church.", "Two buses side by side outside in front of a church.", "A bus sitting next to a truck in front of a church.", "A public bus pulled up next to a truck in front of a church.", "A pair of buses sit next to each other on a road."]
["A large bus and a truck on a street.", "A large tow truck attached to a city bus.", "Blue and white tow truck pulling a blue bus behind it. ", "The large tow truck is carrying a city bus on the back.", "A truck is towing a bus on a busy street."]
["A woman who is holding her little dog.", "A woman holding a brown and white dog in her lap.", "A woman with glasses is holding a dog.", "A woman sitting with her small dog in her lap.", "A dog sitting in the lap of a woman."]
["Two people are sitting at a picnic table by a lake.", "Two people sit at a picnic table overlooking a pond.", "Two men at bench looking out towards a body of water.", "Two people sit at a picnic table in a park.", "A couple of people sitting next to each other on a bench."]
["A giraffe is bending towards two of its trainers", "Two park staffers observing a giraffe inside its enclosure.", "Two people are looking at a giraffe in an enclosure.", "a man and a woman stand in front of a giraffe leaning forward towards them", "TWO PEOPLE ARE STANDING NEAR TO A GIRAFFE."]
["Two large giraffe standing next to each other and an ostrich.", "Two giraffes and two ostriches stand near some trees.", "Two giraffes and an ostrich at the zoo", "A pair of giraffes stand in a habitat, with an ostrich.", "Two giraffes standing in front of an ostrich"]
["A young person in a hoodie with headphones in on a laptop. ", "A man in blue hooding on park bench with a laptop.", "A man in a hoodie on a city street is studying his laptop.\n", "A man in a sweatshirt is on a city bench.", "A man in a hoodie uses his laptop outdoors"]
["A giraffe walking through the jungle next to mountains.", "A giraffe's head and neck peaks out from some brush and trees.", "A giraffe walking around a forest next to some large hills.", "A giraffe is standing in a grove of trees.", "a large giraffe that is standing around in a  woods"]
["a big giraffe walks next to some zebras ", "A giraffe standing on top of a lush green field.", "a giraffe is out in a large field with zebras", "A giraffe and zebras are walking through the country side.", "A giraffe that is standing in a field."]
["A giraffe and two zebras walking in tall grass.", "View of giraffe and zebras out the window of a car.", "A large giraffe standing by a tree in the grass.", "In the safari the giraffes roam the fields gracefully", "A giraffe that is standing in the grass."]
["Some people look at sheep on a farm. ", "The inside of a barn with many animals in it.", "a barn with some people and animals in pens", "The cattle farm with animals crowded in pens is visited by several people.", "A group of men stand by some animal pins."]
["Night scene of an on ramp with traffic light and assorted street lights.", "Brightly lit road intersection with traffic signals and signs.", "A picture of a empty street very late at night.", "An empty street corner next to train tracks at night.", "a street at night and a traffic light and street lights"]
["A street filled with lots of double decker buses.", "A black and white picture of a busy city street. ", "A city street with buses, cars and bikes travelling on it. ", "A busy street has cars and buses on it.", "Vintage photo of double decker buses lining a city street. "]
["A couple of double decker buses driving down a street.", "two double decker buses parked outside of a row of stores.", "An old photo showing two double-decker buses on a busy street with lots of people.", "an old photo of people walking down the sidewalks as some buses go down the street ", "THERE ARE CITY BUSES GOING DOWN THE STREET "]
["Four giraffes are standing inside a pen with the gate open ", "Four giraffes are inside a caged area, but they can come out.", "Group of giraffes standing behind a caged in area. ", "Four Zebras re in their respected fence. ", "A group of giraffes stand nearby under a roof."]
["A bus is traveling along rolling hills in the countryside.", "Commuter bus parked next to roadway in rural hilly area.", "there is a bus that is driving along the road in the country", "A double decker bus driving throughout the green countryside. ", "A very big bright colored bus in a very pretty area."]
["A woman wearing a fur coat sitting on a wooden bench.", "A woman sitting on a bench in front of a store.", "A woman is sitting on a bench eating out of a take out box.", "A woman in a fur coat is sitting on a bench eating.", "a woman eating in front of a painting "]
["a vintage photo of a couple of people sitting on a bench", "A couple sits on a bench by the water.", "A couple that are sitting on a bench by the water.", "A black and white image of two people on their bench. ", "a couple of people sit on a bench in front of some water "]
["A bus approaching an intersection at a green light. ", "The traffic light is green and the street light is on.", "The traffic signal looks like it may be on the wrong side of the street.", "The sun has set and it is getting darker outside.", "a lit street light with a street sign on it next to a street"]
["a fire hydrant with a hose inside of it ", "A fire hydrant  by a wall with a firehose attached to it.", "A fire hydrant on a sidewalk that has a hose attached to it.", "There is a hose hooked up to the fire hydrant by the building.", "Fire hose that is plugged into a fire hydrant."]
["A bus is going through an intersection in a city.", "A bus is driving down the street of the city", "A bus drives down a road in a city. ", "A white bus is turning on a streetIn a city.", "A white tour bus on a street in a city."]
["A bend sitting in a park along a dirt road.", "There is a wood bench at the edge of a forest path.", "A park bench sitting on a dirt trail in the forest.", "A bench in the woods sits on a path.", "A dirt pathway weaves through a green forest. "]
["The orange fire hydrant is on a sidewalk in front of a brick building.", "An orange fire hydrant is sitting on a sidewalk. ", "A close shot of an orange fire hydrant. ", "An orange fire hydrant posed on a sidewalk next to a brick wall.", "An orange and black fire hydrant sits on a sidewalk next to some black pipes. "]
["Picture of an outside corner that looks amazing. \n", "Trash cans and a fire hydrant are on the curb of a sidewalk.", "An orange fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.", "A view of a empty street that is in a big  city.", "A city street has a fire hydrant, trash bin, and parked vehicles."]
["A fire hydrant sitting inside of a building under a window.", "An old fire hydrant next to a plastic table and chair.", "A fire hydrant sitting beside a table and chair. ", "an image of a post that's set indoors", "A metal pole inside of a dirty building"]
["A white bicycle parked next to a brown brick wall.", "A bicycle leaning up against the wall of a building", "A bicycle leans against a wall under a water hydrant.", "A bike is shown in front of a water connection.", "A bicycle parked in front of a brick wall with a wall-mounted hydrant."]
["A tall building towering over a red fire hydrant.", "City roadway with few cars and multiple storied buildings.", "View of an empty urban street from the sidewalk.", "A street view with cars, buildings, trees, light posts and a fire hydrant.", "a street with buildings on one side and trees on the other side "]
["there is a city bus that has stopped to pick up passengers", "A city bust at a stop picking up and dropping off some passengers. ", "a large blue and white bus parked picking up passengers ", "The city bus is picking up passengers. ", "A transit bus sitting on a street side as passengers board."]
["Red fire hydrant sitting on the side of the road. ", "A fire hydrant painted red next to a building.", "A faded red fire hydrant on a sidewalk near a building.", "A red fire hydrant on a city street.", "a red fire hydrant that has seen better days"]
["two billboards with a sky background and people walking near by", "a billboard with women on it by the side of the road ", "two billboard advertisement sit  in rundown slum area ", "Billboards in a poor area of the country.", "an image of billboard that is on the repair"]
["A line of decorative benches on a boardwalk.", "A bench that is on top of a wooden floor.", "A bench is built on a wooden floor pier", "A normal bench sitting on a wooden bridge", "A wooden bench with an iron frame sitting on a boardwalk."]
["A bright blue fire hydrant is on a brick sidewalk.", "a blue fire hydrant painted on the bottom of it ", "A blue fire hydrant slightly rusted on a sidewalk.", "a blue fire hydrant a fence some trees and a street", "Blue fire hydrant sitting on a sidewalk made of bricks. "]
["An open fire hydrant and children playing in the water.", "Two boys playing in the water of a fire hydrant.", "Two boys playing next to an opened fire hydrant. ", "Kids are playing in water from a hydrant that has been turned on.", "Boys are gathered around an open red fire hydrant."]
["A double decker bus sitting on the side of the road.", "A two story bus parked on the street.", "A double decker bus parked near a curb as a woman walks by. ", "A double Decker bus in front of buildings. ", "A double decker bus is parked on a city street."]
["A street covered in pink confetti next to a red fire hydrant.", "Debris is covering the sidewalk with spray paint", "a red fire hydrant is sitting by a curb", "A side walk that has some pink flower petals on it.", "Is that hail hitting the pavement in front of the fire hydrant?"]
["A bus approaches a sidewalk where several people and bicycles are lined up.", "Busses sit beside a building where many have left their bicycles.", "A public transportation bus that says happy holidays.", "A bus stops on the side by a few men.", "Several bicycles and a bus parked outside a large building."]
["A red car driving past a red fire hydrant on a curvy street.", "Two red cars are on a driveway where there is a fire hydrant on the adjacent sidewalk.", "A red fire-hydrant on a street near some cars in Europe.", "There are red cars near a fire hydrant.", "A red car near a fire hydrant with multiple hose slots."]
["A busted fire hydrand pouring out water onto the street.", "An open fire hydrant draining water into the street", "An old hydrant shoots water into the street.", "An old yellow fire hydrant is letting water out.", "A yellow fire hydrant gushes water onto the street."]
["many fire hydrants made to look like cartoon characters", "Colorful fire hydrants are set on a sandy surface.", "Many cartoon modeled objects are in the sand. ", "SIX FIRE HYDRANTS PAINTED AS CUTE CARTOON CHARACTERS.", "A group of whimsically yet creepy-looking fire hydrants. "]
["A bus that is sitting by a car in the street.", "A city bus is seen next to a car on this street.", "A blue blus driving down a street next to a  car.", "a bus that is next to a parked car and a building", "A bus with the destination listed as Seattle"]
["Double decker city bus passing under an overpass. ", "A black bus followed by more buses driving beneath an over pass.", "A bus drives pass a public parking sign under an overpass.", "A city bus is passing under a bridge.", "A line of buses passing underneath an overpass"]
["A city bus is riding down the empty street.", "A city passenger bus on a street that has construction cones on the lanes on the street.", "There is a bus moving down a street.", "A bus travelling down a street with several cones in the street. ", "A bus driving down a street beside orange cones."]
["a bus moving down the street next to a corner", "A bus driving down a street past tall buildings.", "A street scene with an electric bus going by.", "A bus on a city street by tall buildings \n", "A bus drives down a hill near some tall buildings."]
["A purple and yellow bus driving down a street.", "a bus riding up a hill on a road", "A modern blue and yellow electric trolley transports passengers through a city. ", "A bus is traveling down the road near buildings.", "A bus attached to cabling driving uphill in a city."]
[" A city bus parked on a very steep hill", "a public transit bus on a city street", "A blue and yellow bus sits on a hill near a building near a huge tree.", "Green and yellow bus heading downhill near a park.", "A bus that is sitting on the road next to a large tree."]
["A trolley driving down a street lined with tall buildings.", "a green and yellow trolly car going down the street", "A trolley bus drives down a city street.", "A bus is coming down a street with city buildings.", "a city bus rides down a street in front of some buildings "]
["A young couple sit and enjoy their food outside a busy shopping area.", "A man and woman sitting down eating food", "Two people are sitting on a concrete bench eating.", "A couple eat on a bench on a busy urban street.", "A man and woman sitting on a concrete bench eating food while a crowd of people walk in the background."]
["A set of three park benches sitting next to a park.", "A row of empty park benches on a side walk. ", "a line of park benches that are outside", "A bunch of different benches that are lined up.", "Three wooden benches lined up at a park. "]
["A yellow school bus driving past a red brick building.", "A bus parked in a parking lot next to other vehicles.", "A school bus parked in a parking lot next to a building.", "A school bus waiting to pick up children.", "A school bus sits in a parking lot with other cars."]
["A shaggy haired sheep looking up in a field.", "several sheep walking around in a field with brown grass", "A herd of sheep with long, curled horns in a grassy field.", "Group of sheep on side of hill looking in distancw", " Several woolly sheep in a large open grassy area."]
["A mama and baby giraffe are standing close to one another. ", "Adult giraffe bending to nuzzle a baby giraffe.", "A mother giraffe and a baby giraffe rub their heads together.", "A mother giraffe feeding the baby giraffe next to her", "A mother giraffe and its baby pressing their foreheads together."]
["Two adults and a baby sit on a bench.", "two adults and a child are sitting on a gray bench", "A couple and their child sitting on a long gray bench.", "A couple of people that are by a bench.", "Two adults sit next to a small child on a park bench. "]
["two giraffes on a dirt ground near a wooden fence", "A baby giraffe is near a large giraffe and a fence.", "The giraffes are looking for something good to eat.", "An adult and baby giraffe standing near a fence.", "A large giraffe standing next to a smaller giraffe."]
["A yellow and red fire hydrant in grassy area next to a street.", "A fire hydrant that is yellow with a red painted top portion, in a residential area.", "A fire hydrant in the grass with a red top and yellow bottom.", "A fire hydrant painted yellow and red in grass", "a yellow and red fire hydrant close to the road "]
["Two buses passing each other by while traveling under a bridge.", "Tho city buses on a street, one with its engine showing.", "two tour buses traveling underneath a bridge walkway", "One bus is parked on the street while on is in the middle of the street.", "A pair of city busses stopped by pillars on a street."]
["A picture of a shaded walk way and benches. ", "A bench in a park next to a tree lined path.", "There is a bench under the trees along the path.", "Lonely bench sits among multicolored fall leaves near a road.", "A park bench under trees with green leaves near a brick building."]
["A bench that is beautifully shaded by a tree.", "a bench under the shade of a nearby tree ", "A metal and wooden bench under a tree.", "There is an empty wooden bench at the park.", "Bench with iron sides and wood, under tree in walled area."]
["A wood bench sitting in front of a tree.", "A wooden bench outside next to a palm.", "A bench is sitting by a stone wall and palm tree.", "During the day a bench next to a tree is empty.", "A wooden bench near a tree and a stone wall "]
["a hydrant at the street well closed with chains", "A red fire hydrant on a busy city street", "A fire hydrant with a green top and a white and black circle painted on it.", "A red and green fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.", "A fire hydrant on a city sidewalk "]
["The bike appears to be chained to the railing.", "A vintage bicycle is parked outside a storefront beside a state of the art apparatus.", "Red bicycle and small pylons on a street.", "A bicycle is locked to a rack on the sidewalk.", "A red bicycle is chained to a bicycle stand near a bush and some buildings."]
["A road line with blue fire hydrants next to a sign.", "many fire hydrants on a side walk near a car ", "some blue hydrants sitting on the side of a road filled with some cars ", "A car pulls away from a curb lined with green fire hydrants.", "A busy street is lined with sidewalk and fire hydrants."]
["Bus merging through traffic at a busy intersection.", "A bus driving down a street next to a bunch of traffic.", "A bus pulling out onto a busy road. ", "Many busses drive down a busy street. ", "Traffic tie up at intersection in city area."]
["There is a city bus that is yellow parked on the street", "A woman standing near a large yellow bus.", "A city bus is parked at the bus stop", "An extremely long bus travelling on a street pass a woman. ", "An individual stands beside a yellow bus at the station."]
["Two sheep grazing in a green field with trees in the background.", "Two animals grazing in a large field with trees and green grass.", "Two goats eat in a grassy area lined with trees.", "A couple of animals standing on a lush green park.", "Large empty field with two animals grazing and large trees in the backdrop."]
["A bird sits on a roof with a tree nearby. ", "A gray bird sitting on a rooftop gazing around", "A bird sits on top of a roof near a tree.", "a big bird sitting on top of a roof", "A bird sitting on the slope of a roof."]
["A couple of boats floating on top of a body of water.", "Two large ferry boats are docked by a pier.", "two large double decked boats sitting in the water", "Ducks swim in the ocean near two large ferries.", "Some geese that are swimming near some boats."]
["A herd of deer walking across a rocky hillside.", "Mountain goats in rocky area with patches of grass.", "Three animals on the side of a steep rocky hill.", "Three mountain goats are coming down the mountain.", "Three wild goats playing on a rocky mountainside."]
["A bird flying in the ocean with the sun in the background.", "A seagull with its wings spread out is gliding over sandy earth.", "A blue bird soaring in the sky over the ground.", "A white seagull in flight over ocean waves.", "A single large bird glides with wings extended. "]
["A street scene with a double-decker bus on the side of the road.", "A blue double decker bus in the middle of a city", "a double deckered bus driving down a street", "A double decker bus is going down the street.", "A shuttle bus rides along a curved street."]
["A bird watches a cow eating grass in a field", "A cow and a bird on a grass field.", "A duck is standing dangerously close to the cow.", "A cattle is eating some grass while a goose observes. ", "The young cow is standing in the pasture next to the duck. "]
["A bicycle locked up to a metal pole.", "A red bike is locked to the rack . ", "A red bike is locked to a bike rack next to a futuristic red trashcan.", "A bicycle that has been locked onto metal bars.", "Red bike chained to a bike rack on the sidewalk."]
["A metro bus at night at a bus stop letting people off on the sidewalk.", "People are getting off a bus in the evening.", "A bus with its doors open on a street a night.", "People are exiting a parked bus at night. ", "some people and a white and black bus "]
["A double decker bus traveling down he street, past a Ferris wheel.", "A double decker bus on a street with a ferris wheel in the background ", "The double decker bus drives near a Ferris wheel.", "A two story bus driving on the wet street.", "A double decker bus passes by a ferris wheel. "]
["a double deckered bus on a city street", "A white, blue, and red two story bus riding in the street.", "A double-decker bus with a Les Miserables ad on it.", "an image of a tour bus that is driving down the street", "A bus with two levels parking on the side of the street."]
["A bus traveling down a road next to a bus stop.", "A bus at a bus stop at night", "A bus arrives at a stop in the middle of night.", "A city bus prepares to stop at a bus stop at night.", "A bus pulls into a main stop at night.  "]
["A city street filled with lots of traffic.", "LOTS OF CITY BUSES ON CITY STREET PICKING UP PASSENGERS.", "many red white and black buses and cars on a street ", "Commuter buses at public stop in large city setting.", "A busy street with cars and buses are pulled over and pulling out."]
["A white and red bus driving down a street.", "A white and red bus is driving by a grassy hill.", "A transit bus parked in front of an establishment with a long stairwell.", "A city bus parked next to a hill.", "A metro bus parked along the street near a stair way."]
["A small white bird standing on a beach while pecking at the water.", "A small white and black bird looking for food", "A single bird dips it's beak down into the water to drink.", "A white bird sticking it's beak into the water.", "A small seabird hunts at the edge of the water."]
["A giraffe stands in a zoo looking at the sky", "a giraffe on dirt ground near a feeder ", "The giraffe is walking around the fenced in area.", "A giraffe is standing in front of a trough.", "A giraffe in a gated zoo type environment"]
["A city bus moving along a road with many trees.", "A double decker bus driving down a street.", "a tourist bus parked on the side of a road under a pole ", "A big bus traveling down the street with other vehicles", "A person with an umbrella walks by a double decker bus."]
["A sigh sitting next to a building in a city.", "A picture of various sized buildings with a sign for the new street station.", "A view of a street with a sign that reads\" New Street Station\".", "The skyline in an average city scape. ", "A sign marks the directions to \"New Street Station\" surrounded by several multi-story buildings and a single multi-story house."]
["Two giraffes are munching on leaves in a grassy field. ", "A couple of giraffe standing next to each other on a dry grass field.", "giraffe baby and mother eating leaves from a tree", "A couple of giraffes eating tree branches in a grassy field with mountains in the background.", "Some very pretty giraffes in a field of tall grass."]
["A white and red bus is traveling down a road.", "White and red passenger bus on a city street. ", "This city bus is traveling down the road.", "A bus waits by a curb next to some trees. ", "A large white and red city bus stopping at a park."]
["a large white clock is on a tower", "A bird standing on the tip of a clock tower.", "there is a bird that has landed at the top of the building", "A building steeple with clocks on sides and a bird on the top.", "A clock sitting under a cloudy blue sky."]
["Two brown horses standing in front of a red brick building.", "Two ponies inside a gated yard at St. Luke's Terrace. ", "Two horses outside of the brick St. Luke's terrace.", "Two brown ponies stand in the courtyard of a brick building.", "Two horses or ponies stand next to a fence, in front of a brick building."]
["A yellow pickup truck stopped at an intersection", "Sign on a city street with a humorous claim on it. ", "A small pickup truck stops at a stop sign intersection.", "An intersection with a sign reading \"Center of the Universe\"", "an image of a car parked next a sign on the street"]
["A grey bird on beach with water and pier in the background.", "A bright blue ocean with a bridge of some sort.", "A flamingo walking along the beach on  the shore line.", "An exapnase of water near a white sand beach", "a single bird standing by the blue water "]
["A group of giraffes inside of an enclosure.", "A group of giraffes in a zoo pin.", "an image of several giraffes in a zoo", "A group of giraffes standing around their enclosure", "Four adult giraffe walking on dirt between two buildings."]
["A group of giraffe standing next to each other in a field.", "Eight giraffes mill around the courtyard of their enclosure", "giraffes standing by each other in a fenced off area", "A group of giraffes stand on red dirt in a protected area.", "At least nine giraffes live in the enclosure."]
["A group of people standing around a chicken coup.", "A group of children looking at small chicks", "A group of young people watch small birds on a street.", "people standing around blue boxes looking at the stuff on display", "an image of baby birds being looked at for sale"]
["a person in a beanie is taking a picture", "A woman wearing a winter hat taking a photo with her camera.", "A young woman is taking a photo through a train window.", "a woman on a train holds up her camera to take a picture of something outside the window", "A girl taking pictures from a train window"]
["A red street sign next to a no parking sign.", "A no bullshit to the left sign and no parking on the right.", "a pair of signs pointing opposite directions in contrasting colors", "A white sign and a red sign are next to each other.", "A signpost with a modified street sign attached."]
["A sign pointing to different streets in London.", "A street sign sits out side of a large two story building.", "A variety of street signs, near an outdoor cafe.", "A street sign displaying multiple cities and their directions.", "A street sign pointing at different locations in different directions."]
["The oriental signs are pointing in all directions.", "A couple of signs in the middle of a public place.", "Multiple signs depict directions in English and Japanese. ", "directional street signs in a city in japan", "Chinese subway signs and directional map signs on a street."]
["A person took a picture of his torso and legs while laying on the top of a bunk bed.", "a person laying on a bed with a short ceiling above", "A man takes a photo while lying in his bunk", "A person laying on top of a bed.", "a man laying down on some kind of bed"]
["A train traveling along a loading platform at a train station.", "The train on the tracks is pulling into the station.", "A train on the tracks leaving a train station in the city.", "A train is moving towards the train station.", "Commuter train at platform in populated city on sunny day."]
["A large range of mountains stretch across the sky.", "this picture is very dark but has bright mounting in the back", "The mountains provide a wondrous sight to see.", "a shot of a side of a mountain in a shadow.", "BEAUTIFUL VIEW OF A BLUE SKY TOWERING OVER WHITE CAPPED MOUNTAINS"]
["The long metro train is moving along an elevated track.", "An elevated subway train car leaving the station.\n", "Subway braking on rails in front of metropolitan city", "A train in a big city drives past a solar panel", "The train is going down the railroad tracks. "]
["Birds perch on a bunch of twigs in the winter.", "A number of small birds sitting at the top of a bare tree.", "Many birds perched on the limbs of a tree.", "Eight birds perch on a branch on an overcast day.", "Several birds are sitting on small tree branches."]
["A white sign is displayed, reading \"Bart Ba.\"", "The business sign is clearly visible for us to see. ", "A Bart sign is next to an old white building.", "This is the sign for the Bart ba building.  ", "A large white building with mouldings and a large building.sign are displayed."]
["A black and white dog wearing a white hat.", "a dog wears a baseball hat on his head", "A dog is standing in the grass wearing a hat.", "A close up of a dog wearing a hat.", "A black and white dog wearing a hat in a field."]
["The train is on a railroad track, under a signal light.", "A train is shown on the train tracks during the day.", "A train speeding down the tracks under a red light near a city.", "A view of a train track, with another train coming.", "Train rolling down opposite set of tracks, industrial area in finest"]
["A train traveling down a set of tracks.", "a long train that is  passing under a bridge ", "the train is riding on the train tracks ", "A blue and orange train engine passing under a bridge.", "A gold and blue train is going down the tracks."]
["A flock of ducks swimming on a lake together.", "four cute little ducklings swimming in the water", "Four black and yellow ducklings swim together in the rain.", "a small group of baby ducks swimming in the water", "Four ducks are swimming on top of the water."]
["Close up photo of a magnification make-up mirror in a dark room.", "The mirror is left on the table in the room.", "a small mirror that is on a small stand", "A close view of a mirror on a stand.", "A mirror stand with a chrome frame and a reflection of a door in it."]
["A large bird floating out in the water.", "A bird swimming in wavy water, with a island in the background.", "A pelican stands alone in the middle of the ocean.", "there is a large seagull that is swimming in the water", "a bird is sitting out on the water"]
["A bird sitting at the top of a tree on a branch.", "A small bird perched on top of a tree.", "A bird perched in a tree on a clear, sunny day.", "A tree with a bird in front of the sky", "A small bird stands on the tip of a tree branch against the blue sky."]
["an orange trolley traveling down a brick street.", "The people are boarding the train for a ride. ", "a red trolley going down a sidewalk by the beach ", "An orange imitation train carries carriages of people.", "A tourist train sits parked on a street near the beach."]
["A bird perched on top of a tree branch.", "A bird sitting on top of a branch in a tree.", "A small bird is perched on a branch in a tree.", "a bird perched on  a tree branch ", "a small bird on a branch in a tree with leaves"]
["A flock of birds flying over a beach next to the ocean.", "A flock of birds are flying near a body of water.", "A group of nine birds flying over water.", "Flock of ducks flying over a sandy beach.", "nine geese flying south for the winter months"]
["A small yellow and grey bird is walking on the ground.", "A small yellow and green bird walking on the ground.", "A yellow bird standing on one foot on pavement.", "a little yellow bird walking across the ground ", "A yellow-bellied bird standing on its right foot while its left foot is up in the air. "]
["Pelicans and sea gulls are sitting on the beach.", "A group of sea gulls gather on the shore of the beach.", "Pelicans and seagulls standing on the shoreline of a rocky beach on a sunny day. ", "Flock of birds sitting on the shoreline at a beach. ", "Seagulls and other birds on a beach in the morning sun."]
["A man is straightening his tie in front of a mirror.", "A man holding his shirt collar while wearing a tie.", "A young man poses for a picture with a woman who is being reflected in a mirror in a room with black and white striped walls.", "A man that is touching a tie standing in the bathroom.", "The woman takes a picture of her boyfriend getting dressed "]
["A street corner with a bunch of highway signs on it.", "There is a stop sign at an intersection between Casper and Riverton.", "An intersection with a stop sign and highway signs.", "Several different street signs in front of a store.", "This intersection includes several signs to assist motorists."]
["A daytime shot of the Fremont East District street in Las Vegas", "The tow has a large colorful sign welcoming people.", "A view of the city from a intersection that has traffice stopped.", "a sign for a place called the 'neon museum' ", "A sign that reads \"Neon Museum\" next to an intersection"]
["A large circular building with a bridge connecting it", "A tall building sitting on the corner of a city block.", "People walk and drive past a colorful, round shaped building on a corner.", "The round building has a sidewalk to the other side of the street.", "An intersection next to an orange outdoor mall."]
["A train traveling down a track past another train.", "Two trains traveling down train tracks next to a forest.", "Two trains driving down tracks during the day.", "an image of a train going down the railroad track", "Two trains on tracks passing under a bridge."]
["a white train with a red stripe on its track", "A train traveling away from buildings on elevated train tracks.", "Passenger train riding on top of a bridge with a city view behind it. ", "A subway train riding on rails with city in background.", "A train moving on the tracks through a bridge over the road. "]
["several ducks in front of a placid river", "The geese have a \"family\" day on the pond shore.", "There is a large amount of ducks by the water. ", "Gaggle of geese near a stone bench by a pond.", "Several ducks stand near a lake and the sidewalk of a park."]
["A picture of two buildings and a street in black-and-white.", "A train is stopped at an empty train station.", "A train is at an empty train station.", "A black and white photo of a train station.", "A train stopped at an empty train station."]
["A white and black bird sitting in grassy area next to water.", "The bird is sitting on the beach next to the water. ", "A bird on a beach with the ocean in the background.", "a close up of a bird on a beach near the water", "A water bird standing in the grass along the shore."]
["An intersection features a directional sign to local towns. ", "Cars driving on the street near an intersection.", "The tan car is in the left lane of traffic.", "A green van that is driving down a street.", "Cars move near an intersection bordered by trees. "]
["A sign near a wooden fence and a tree.", "a patio area with a tree in the middle", "A full view of a rail with some trees around. ", "A street sign sitting next to a tree.", "There is a sign next to the tree."]
["Signs indicating a one way with paintings on it", "a couple of signs are in front of a large poster", "Black and white billboard behind a street sign. ", "A pole with two one way signs mounted to it's side.", "Two traffic signs are shown on the street corner."]
["A sign that is bent on a sidewalk.", "A bend traffic metal sign on the sidewalk.", "A sign on a pole on a city street.", "a yellow and black sign is on a pole", "A cautionary sign which has been severely bent"]
["a silver and black train on its track and a red light", "Silver passenger train coming to a train station in the morning. ", "A sliver train in train station next to a wall.", "A train is pulling into a train station with lights.", "A large long train on a steel track."]
["A subway train traveling through a subway station.", "A subway train is parked on the train tracks.", "A subway train pulling up to the train platform ", "An underground subway car pulling into a subway station.", "A subway train sits on the track next to a loading platform."]
["A motor scooter sitting next to some bicycles outside a restaurant.", "A orange building with a sign with a dragon and Chinese or Japanese on a sign and bikes parked in the parking lot next to the building.", "Several bicycles are stood up outside a noodle restaurant.", "A group of bikes and a moped parked outside a eatery.  ", "A man on his phone in front of a chinese food restaurant "]
["A city street filled with traffic next to buildings.", "This is a black and white photo of a town with shops and a valley surrounding it.", "This picture shows this street some time ago.", "An intersection in a town, with street signs, stores, and parked cars.", "Cars are parked on the street in a shopping district."]
["an old black and white photo of a train", "there is a black and white photo of a black train", "An old fashioned steam train parked for display.", "A locomotive parked on a display with steps coming out of it.", "A black and white photograph of a locomotive."]
["A silver passenger train with an aids walk poster on it's side.", "a small passenger train with a billboard on the side of it ", "A grey and red train in the middle of a street.", "a train on a train track in a city street", "A gray and red bus is parked on the street."]
["a close up of a street sign near a building", "A close up of a stop sign with a railroad crossing sign.", "There is a stop sign at a train crossing", "A stop sign at a railroad crossing in front of a rusty building", "A stop sign next to a warehouse barn"]
["A coliseum near a large set of buildings at a traffic light.", "A few stoplights that are in front of a building.", "A view of a white train riding across a bridge in a city.", "Some traffic lights near some very big buildings.", "An elevated train on a bridge in front of buildings."]
["A cyclist checks his wrist heart rain monitor in front of a stop sign.", "A man holding up his arm while wearing a watch in front of a red stop sign.", "A man is showing his watch on his arm.", "A person in gloves showing the time on his watch", "A stopwatch wristwatch reads 32.30 in the foreground, while a bike and a stop sign is in the background. "]
["A children's pig train travels down rail road tracks.", "A train conductor is pulling at rain up to a station.", "A small train painted like a pig pulling up to the station.", "A man driving decorated metro train in city.", "An electric trolly with a painted pink pig nose on the front."]
["The nose of a high-speed train that is sitting on the tracks. ", "The front of a white futuristic looking train.", "A white high speed train at a train station.", "A slender white train docked in a garage area.", "A very sleek styled train near a platform."]
["stop sign that says no vehicles past posts in front of building\n", "Traffic warning sign on post near multiple story building.", "there is a red and white sign that says stop no vehicles past post", "The stop sign instructs no vehicles to pass.", "A stop sign with a goofy looking animal head painted on it."]
["A wire fence with a stop sign and trailer in the background.", "A stop sign is on a fence by a trailer.", "The gate to the lot has a stop sign on it. ", "A stop sign placed on a fenced property and a cabin in the background.", "an image of a stop sign that is on the gate"]
["A picture of a yellow warning sign that says, \"stop ahead.\"", "a slightly worn yellow stop ahead sign ", "A close up photo of a stop ahead street sign.", "A \"stop ahead\" sign silhouetted against a washed out sky.", "an orange street sign saying to stop ahead"]
["Trains leave a station in a city setting.", "Two trains on separate tracks in a city train station.", "Two trains ride beside each other on their tracks.", "Multicolored trains on tracks with people observing them.", "Fuzzy photo of two trains going to the same direction of two of many tracks."]
["A train engine carrying carts over a hill side.", "A train passes under wires on a grassy hill.", "A train on a steep hill of green grass", "A train traveling along a lush green countryside.", "A train passes below some power lines as it goes down the tracks."]
["A stop sign is in a rural setting by grass.", "Stop sign next to fenced and tree'd lot.", "A stop sign in a grassy area next to a fence.", "A top sign enclosed on a field outside.", "A stop sign is hanging on the edge of someone's yard."]
["A stop sign stands amongst a garden of cacti.", "A large group of cactus's sitting near a stop sign.", "A stop sign above a large planting of cactus. ", "A stop sign is surrounded by green plants", "A stop sign that is next to some plants."]
["A stop sign has been altered to read stop the war. ", "A large red stop sign on a metal pole.", "A stop sign that has been vandalized with graffiti.  ", "A stop sign is used as an anti-war sign.", "a big red stop sign that has the war printed on it"]
["A red stop sign sitting under a couple of street signs.", "Street and stop signs direct traffic in the proper direction.", "A stop sign at a corner in the woods ", "The stop sign is located at the intersection of Ajax and Ajax.", "A stop sign is positioned under two street signs with the name Ajax."]
["A parking meter on the side of a street near a window.", "A parking meter stands on the sidewalk beside an empty street.", "A parking meter on the side of a city street.", "The street sidewalk has a double parking meter on it.", "A sidewalk with two parking meters in front of a planter."]
["a fancy parking meter sits on the road next to a black car", "A car parked on the side of a street.", "Blue car parked curb side next to a meter", "The parking meeting was in plain sight on the side of the road.", "A car is parked beside a parking meter on a city street."]
["A brown and white dog is sitting in a car.", "A brown and white dog between a persons legs in car.", "A brown and white dog sitting on the front floorboard of a car.", "A person and a dog inside of a vehicle.", "A dog is sitting on the floor in a car."]
["A truck with a horse trailer attached to it with horses on top of it.", "A truck pulling a trailer in a dirt field.", "The long cattle trailer is in position for the rodeo", "an  image of a truck that is pulling a trailer", "A truck is pulling a horse trailer at a festival."]
["A boarded up white house sitting on a grass lot.", "The old farm house has boarded up windows.", "a small house with old wood and boarded windows", "An old house covered with boards sits alone of no where. ", "An old, weather-beaten house with its windows boarded up. "]
["An old red fire truck parked at a car show with on lookers.", "A man wearing a cowboy hat standing next to an old red truck.", "Several men look at a refurbished pickup at a car show.", "Men gather around a tow truck at an antique car show.", "Two men looking at an old tow truck in a parking lot."]
["A vintage trucks towing a trailer next to a classic car.", "a semi sitting in between a pole and an older car", "A classic car attached to a large trailer", "A large truck is painted pink and silver.", "a big truck that is parked next to a small car"]
["A dog kissing a cat on top of a cement road.", "A bulldog looking a cat on a gravel road by a street.", "A DOG AND A CAT WITH THEIR NOSES TOUCHING", "There is a dog and a cat greeting each other", "A cat and dog are outside touching noses."]
["A couple of men trying to lasso a cow.", "Two men riding their horses in a ring with a bull", "Two riders on horseback are roping a cow.", "A rodeo with cowboys lassoing a steer ", "Some guys on horses with a rope catching a cow."]
["A rural city has some food trucks on the corner.", "Long view of street with white vending truck coming.", "a street corner filed with trucks and cars", "A street with a lunch wagon to one side with patrons.", "Some trucks that are blocking the end of a street."]
["Three horses are near a field of many animals in the distance.", "A green landscape dotted with cows and horses. ", "A pasture on a sunny day with horses grazing", "A large pasture with horses and animals grazing", "Horses grazing in a lush green pasture behind a  white fence."]
["A cat sleeps on a pile of discarded shoes.", "A cat sleeping peacefully on a a pair of shoes.", "Sleeping cat snuggled up to a pair of sneakers.", "A tan and whit cat curled up with a set of sneakers sleeping.", "closeup of a cat laying its head on a shoe"]
["A cat thats lieing in a pile of shoes by the door. ", "a kitty laying among four pair of shoes", "A cat that is laying next to a bunch of shoes.", "A cat is surrounded by a pile of shoes.", "A cat laying on many shoes on a brown rug. "]
["a cat sleeping near lots of pairs of shoes", "A cat is sleeping on a mat with shoes.", "A cat sleeps on a pile of shoes stacked on a floor mat.", "Some shoes are laid together on a door mat together. ", "A cat is napping with a pile of sneakers."]
["A black and white cow sitting inside of a metal pipe penn.", "A cow is in a fenced enclosure near a tree. ", "A cow lays on the grass inside a fence.", "A cowed laying down in a fenced in enclosure", "A COW KEPT IN A YARD IN A HOUSE WITH PEOPLE AROUND IT."]
["A cat that is laying near a pair of slippers.", "A yellow and white cat that is laying on the ground next to a pair of slippers and a sneaker.", "orange and white cat lying in a pile of shoes", "A cat sitting on the floor by three shoes.", "a cat that is playing with someones shoes"]
["Closeup of two red-haired bulls with long horns", "Longhorn cattle, with brown skin, standing in a row.", "An orange longhorn bull stands among the herd.", "A group of steers are standing and looking around.", "Long horn steer in standing in a cattle lot."]
["Two trucks parked next to one another in a lot.", "A couple of trucks parked next to each other.", "A number of tractor trailers are parked beside each other.", "Two large trucks that are near on another.", "Two large trucks parked next to each other on the cement."]
["A small cat laying in the arms of a large teddy bear.", "A cat sits in the arms of a teddy bear.", "a big white teddy bear and a white and brown cat", "Kitten is cuddling with a giant teddy bear.", "A cat lying in a big teddy bear."]
["a green truck parked in a dirt field with green shrubbery", "A rusty green truck is parked among some weeds.", "An old fashioned green truck that is parked in a field.", "A rusted truck sits abandoned in some underbrush.", "Green truck with wood back end in desert."]
["A parked truck and trailer with a large load.", "A black tow train loaded with a train car", "The truck is towing a heavy load across town. ", "Two men are watching a truck loaded with a large tank.", "A couple of guys standing outside of a truck."]
["A fire truck parked on the side of the road. ", "a red and yellow truck is on the road", "Some big trucks are parked next to the buildings. ", "A red truck driving past tall buildings on a paved road.", "There is a truck and a bus driving down the street."]
["A basket filled with ripe bananas sitting on a counter.", "Bananas lie in a basket and a cat sits on a counter in a convenience store.", "A cat on a store's counter watching outside the front door.", "A cat sitting on the counter at a store.", "A cat sitting on the edge of a store counter across from bananas."]
["The blue dump truck rides down the street next to the houses.", "A blue dump truck traveling down a street past tall houses.", "A blue truck parked on the road near houses.", "Dump truck alone on road with buildings and bare trees and shrubs behind it.", "A blue dump truck sits parked on a residential street."]
["a red and yellow fire truck and some buildings", "An overhead view shows a fire engine in the street.", "A red and yellow fire truck with ladders on top", "A firetruck is parked in the street in between stop lights.", "A fire truck (ladder truck) drives down a street in the city."]
["There is a red car being towed on a truck", "A flatbed tow truck with a vehicle on its bed.", "A red SUV is being towed by a flatbed truck.", "A tow truck carrying a red car under power lines.", "A car on top of a truck parked at a parking bay"]
["A Laurie with the words \"Try overtaking our trains\" is parked on a street.", "A huge truck is parked on the side of a narrow street.", "A truck parked in front of a tall building.", "there is a truck that is parked in front od a building", "A big white box truck parked on a city street on a nice day."]
["A white curly haired dog standing in a hallway.", "a white dog wearing a vest with some stuff on it", "A dog is standing in a hallway wearing a pack. ", "a very hairy dog carrying a bag at the back", "This fluffy dog is loaded up wit some gear."]
["A red truck driving along a snow covered street", "A red truck is parked in the snow next to a fence.", "A red truck drives along a street covered in snow.", "A large truck is approaching on a snow covered road. ", "A red truck parked outside in the snow."]
["A couple of trucks that are sitting on a road outside of some buildings.", "The two large trucks are driving through an intersection.", "Two trucks are coming down the street behind each other.", "There are two \"Heanor\" trucks, one with a bed attached.", "Two flatbed trucks parked in front of each other outside."]
["A new black backpack with tags still attached.", "Two pieces of luggage sitting on a wooden floor.", "Two bags, a backpack and suitcase, are sitting on the floor.", "A black a grey back pack in front of a piece of black luggage. ", "a backpack sitting on the floor with a suitcase."]
["A cat holding a remote control while laying on a couch.", "a black gray and white cat and a controller", "A grey and black cat laying on pillow next to a remote.", "A striped cat has it's paw on the remote control.", "Sleeping striped cat with paw on remote control"]
["A cat is sleeping on the couch cushion", "A small cat sleeping in the sunlight on a couch.", "A fluffy cat is asleep on a couch. ", "A long haired cat asleep on a couch cushion.", "a cat that is laying down on a couch"]
["A black brown cat with large whiskers looking at the camera.", "A cat sitting next to a brown cat on a table.", "A cat that has very long and white whiskers.", "A close shot of a cat staring at the camera. ", "A long haired cat that is posing for a picture. "]
["A  parked tow truck truck carrying heavy equipment.", "A semi truck is parked on the street outside the home. ", "A big truck has a yellow machine on the back of it.", "A semi truck cab is parked along a curb.\n", "A large truck has a flat bed trailer attached"]
["a tractor trailer parked in a parking lot", "A white semi truck parked with a red trailer behind it.", "This semi truck does not have a trailer on its back end.", "A big rig truck parked outside by some trees and houses. ", "A red truck is parked against the sidewalk."]
["A purple truck parked in parking lot next to an apartment.", "The pickup truck is parked in the lot.", "A blue pick up truck parked in a parking space.", "A blue crew cab truck sitting in the parking lot of an apartment building.", "A blue pick up truck next to some trees."]
["A man draped over his bed with his head hung low.", "A very dark looking room with a big bed", "A dark room with a neatly made bed and chest of drawers behind it.", "A bed that has been made with things lying on it. ", "A picture of a metal bed with a quilt on it."]
["A cat laying on top of a white bed on a pillow.", "A cat sitting on a white sheet gazing", "A brown and gray cat sitting on a bed relaxing.", "The kitty is waiting for her mother to return.", "a light brown cat laying on a bed"]
["a lot of very skinny cows with trees in the background", "A herd of cattle walking on a dirt road.", "a man herding cows in a town by a fence ", "There is a group of cows walking in the dirt.", "an image of running with the bulls outside"]
["A person holding up a gray tiger cat.", "A woman holding a grey kitty in a house.", "A teenage girl holds up her calico cat", "The woman is holding her cat by the door.", "A woman is holding a gray kitten near a bathroom."]
["A group of cows are eating grass in the pasture. ", "A group of spotted cows is among the green grass.", "A herd of cattle grazing in a lush green field.", "Cows in pasture within a fence on a field.", "The is a small herd of cows in the grassy field."]
["a few large animals in a desert with a sky background", "A large rock mountain sitting in the middle of the desert.", "Two animals on an arid landscape with a large mountain in the background.", "A couple of animals stand in a desert with a large mountain in the background.", "There are two animals on the field with mountains far away. "]
["A fire/rescue truck in line in traffic ", "Two trucks and a car behind one another on the street. ", "The red and yellow fire truck is in traffic with cars and trucks.", "A red firetruck is on a street near a brick building.", "a bunch of cars and trucks on a street"]
["A brown and white cow standing on a lush green field.", "A brown and white cow stands in her pasture beside a bike a trail with cyclists. ", "Two bike riders are passing a cow in a pasture.", "A brown cow standing in the grass behind a fence. ", "a cow in a field next to a person on a bike "]
["A herd of cattle standing on top of a green field.", "Several cows that are in a green grass pasture.", "A bunch of cows that are standing in the grass.", "A group of several cows standing in a grassy field", "a bunch of cows are standing in a grassy field"]
["A firetruck driving past an ambulance on the opposite side of the street.", "A fire truck and an ambulance driving down the street.", "Emergency vehicles are driving on the rain-soaked road.", "A fire truck that is driving on the road.", "A ambulance and a fire truck on a highway."]
["A two color cat laying on a desk near a laptop.", "A cat laying on a computer desk next to a laptop.", "a white black and brown cat a laptop and some pens and pencils", "A fluffy looking cat stretched out on a computer desk.", "A white cat is on a brown computer desk."]
["A green and yellow truck is driving on the road.", "A dump truck driving down a street next to a house.", "A large hauling truck is on a residential road. ", "A large truck taking up a lot space on a road.", "Green dump truck on left hand side of the road."]
["a truck is parked at the end of a street", "A truck that is sitting near a building.", "The road work is going on on the side of the building.", "A truck is entering a secured location with security at the front. ", "a van driving down a  street next to very tall buildings."]
["A truck towing large equipment on its flatbed down a road.", "Workers in orange jumpsuits attend the back of a truck in a parking lot. ", "A construction truck next to a roped off area with workers nearby.", "construction workers and a construction truck working around a construction site", "A construction truck with workers walking around outside in reflective gear"]
["Two semi trucks are face to face along side a roadway.", "Two semi trucks parked on the sidewalk facing each other.", "Two large trucks face each other on the side of a road at night", "two semis facing each other on the same street", "Two truck cabs facing each other on a road. "]
["A large red truck on a city street.", "a truck driving down the rode on a rainy day", "A red delivery truck driving across a rain soaked street.", "A red truck passing by at night with it's lights on in the rain.", "A red delivery truck riding down a wet street at night."]
["a night time photo of a cab over truck", "a rred truck is on in a lot", "Night shot of a truck in a city street with lights on.", "A mac truck traveling down a road at night.", "A large semi truck cab with its light on in front of a brick building at night."]
["A Fawcett's Malt truck sits parked on the side of the road.", "A malt delivery truck on the side of the street in a town.", "a big truck parked on the side of the road", "A tractor trailer is parked on the side of a country road.", "A large semi truck parked on the side of a street . "]
["A couple of people laying on top of a sandy beach.", "The people are laying down on the beach under umbrellas.", "People lay on the beach as a yacht sails in the ocean.", "People lay on the beach underneath umbrellas. ", "There are people laying on the beach under umbrellas."]
["Two cows are head butting each other in the pasture.", "A white cow and a Brown and white cow are nuzzling in a fenced in pasture. ", "Two cows touching heads in a grassy field.", "A cow and a horse head butting in the middle of the corral.", "Two cows have placed their heads to one another."]
["A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "This man is riding a surfboard over some waves", "a surfer in a wet suit is riding a white surfboard and a boat", "People frolic in the choppy ocean and take advantage of the surfing conditions. ", "Surfer riding breaking wave with boat nearby in ocean."]
["A rear view of some drinks on a sandy beach. ", "Two bottles and an empty glass on a table with boats in the background.", "Two bottles of beer next to an empty glass.", "Two bottles and a glass are sitting near boats on the water.", "Bottles and a glass sit on the ground with boats in the background."]
["A picture of a man with his cow named Elsie.", "A man is posing with a cow that is caged in a fence. ", "A man in blue shirt standing next to cow in small fenced off area.", "A man stands next to a prized farm animal.", "A cow that has won some sort of award."]
["A little child kneels down beside of a calf.", "a child petting a  cow grazing in hay at a farm ", "A toddler looking at a goat eating hay.", "A baby observing a calf eating hay outside.", "A little kid petting a black and white cow whose eating hay."]
["a blonde cat is standing by a laptop", "An orange tabby cat perches near a computer monitor.", "A cat poised on a chair back looking at owner sitting on sofa.", "a cat that is standing next to a computer screen", "A cat on a couch getting ready to jump. "]
["An old boat sitting in th emiddle of a field", "A large yellow bin sitting on top of a grass covered field.", "a busted up boat sitting in the middle of some grass", "An old rusty bus is in the middle of a field.", "An old wooden boat in the middle of a grassy field."]
["A group of three cows eating food while standing behind bars.", "The cows are lined up and stretching for their food.", "Three cows are eating food inside a building.", "Three cows eat some hay through a metal cage.", "some white and brown cows are eating "]
["Set of several sail boats gliding down a river.", "Several sail boats with red sails sailing along a river.", "The boats with red sails are on the river", "Boats sailing along a river next to a cliff with buildings on it.", "Several sail boats in water during the day."]
["A boat sitting on the ground, where their use to be water.", "A derelict boat sitting on the edge of a slough.", "A large boat that is sitting in a marsh, wetland area.", "A rusted red and white boat laying on a shore.", "An old boat sitting on dry land "]
["A man in coat and tie smiling and holding up two wine bottles in each hand by a cabinet with wine glasses in a room.", " a man in the kitchen holding onto two wine bottles ", "A man holding two bottles of wine wearing a jacket.", "A MAN WEARING A SUIT HOLDS 2 BOTTLES OF WINE.", "A man wearing a tie and holding two bottles of whine."]
["Pieces of patterned floral fabric are lined up next to each other.", "A surface with many different colored ties on display.", "Colorful strips of fabric with flowers tied at the end splayed in a fan like presentation.", "A series of different colorful pieces of fabric.", "7 different colored fabric strips with the same flower pattern lay next to one another"]
["A man dressed loudly is using his cell phone.", "A man talking on the phone while he walks down the street. ", "A man with pink hair talking on a cell phone.", "A man in a purple shirt and tie and purple hair.", "a man colored his hair in purple walking on the road"]
["a row of boats are lined up in the water", "A row of boats sit in a line in the water.", "Many small boats lined up in the water.", "A row of boats are docked on the side of the river", "A line of yachts/boats parked along a water canal."]
["A group of dressed up people pose in front of a building.", "A group of men and women are standing together.", "A group of people are gathered in front of an inn. ", "A group of people posing for a photograph outside.", "A group of people standing in front of a Inn."]
["A crowd of people gather outside with their umbrellas open.", "Many people hold umbrellas on the street during a rainy day", "Two women holding sunflower umbrellas while walking on a rain soaked sidewalk.", "Numerous people on rainy sidewalk with umbrellas, two of which, ironically have sunflowers on them", "A crowd of people standing outside in the rain holding umbrellas"]
["a picture of a nice dressed man in front of a car", "A close-up of a man wearing a tie and glasses.", "Very sharp dressed man with long dark hair and sunglasses", "a young man with long hair and dark sunglasses", "A man in a vintage banker suit is leaning against a vehicle."]
["a couple of people are standing outside with umbrellas", "A group of people standing against a railing with their opened umbrellas.", "a group of people with umbrells sitting next to a picture", "Several people sitting on a bench holding umbrellas over their heads.", "Several people sitting in the rain with their umbrellas up. "]
["A sailboat is sailing past a lighthouse on a brick pier.", "A sailboat in the water near a stone lighthouse.  ", "A tall light house next to a white sail boat.", "A sailboat is sailing by a bright lighthouse.", "A sail boat sails next to a light house."]
["A bald man with a beard wearing a polka dot bow tie.", "A man with a bald head and a bear wearing a bow tie.", "A close up of a man wearing a blue shirt and bow tie.", "A close-up of a bald man wearing a bow tie.", "An African American man wearing a bow tie is taking a selfie. "]
["Some girls who are standing together, two of them have umbrellas.", "a group of women pose for a photo", "Five people posing for a picture with two open umbrellas.", "A group of beautiful young women standing next to each other.", "Four women, two holding open umbrellas; one up and one down, one clapping and one with two fingers up, and one man standing in a row posing for camera on a brick street with shop behind."]
["A man sitting in a chair under an umbrella next to a railroad crossing.", "A woman wearing fast food worker attire and sitting beneath a multicolored umbrella waits for the train.", "A train track runs into the distance while a women, sitting beneath an umbrella, rests nearby.", "A picture of a person sitting down under an umbrella.", "A person sitting by the train tracks under an umbrella"]
["two toys for children to ride on mounted on springs", "A playground with a pink and blue play elephant. ", "A park area with two elephant toys next to wall.", "Two large colorful toy elephants on top of a field.", "Some toys for riding at a kids park"]
["A woman is standing next to a wall with a blue umbrella.", "a girl holding an umbrella wearing a trench coat", "A lady with a blue umbrella standing with bags next to her.", "there is a woman standing outside holding a umbrella", "A woman is standing against a wall, holding an umbrella and eating."]
["A couple of multi-colored lawn chairs sitting on a beach.", "Striped chairs and an umbrella at the beach.", "Two chair and umbrella on a crowded sandy beach.", "Beach chairs and an umbrella on a crowded beach.", "Cullifer long chairs and umbrella facing the ocean. "]
["A grey and black cat next to keyboard and monitor.", "A striped cat sleeping with its paw on the keyboard", "A large brown tabby cat with his arm over a computer keyboard.", "A cat is resting on a computer table.", "A cat stretching its paw over a keyboard. "]
["A view of a beach that has some people sitting on it.", "Beachgoers on a white sandy beach by a calm ocean", "A beach area with people on it next to water and skyline.", "a group of people with umbrellas on a beach", "A group of people on a sandy white shoreline."]
["Yellow umbrellas are scattered around the beach along with one chair.", "Yellow umbrella stands sitting on a beach with one chair.", "Many umbrellas shade the beach from the sun.", "A beach with several yellow umbrellas by a chair.", "Cabana and umbrellas on beach next to a resort"]
["An elephant under a canopy with a fence in background.", "An elephant in a fenced off area under a shaded tent.", "An elephant standing next to a brick wall under a tent. ", "an elephant standing under a large tent ", "A elephant standing beside a stone wall under a green tent."]
["A spotted cat poses on the lavatory in a bathroom.", "A cat on the edge of a sink looking at the camera. ", "The cat is standing on the sink in the bathroom.", "A black and white cat stands on a bathroom sink.", "Black and white kitten walking across bathroom sink."]
["a black and white cat sitting on a sink and a mirror", "A cat sits on the edge of a bathroom sink. ", "A cat with a pensive look sitting on a sink.", "A cat who is perched on a bathroom sink.", "A cat who is sitting on the edge of a sink."]
["A young woman carrying an umbrella is looking at a cell phone.", "A young black woman holding an umbrella. ", "A woman looking at a cell phone while carrying an umbrella. ", "A woman that is holding a cellphone under an umbrella.", "An Indian girl with an umbrella checking her cellphone in the rain."]
["some elephants in a field of grass near a tree", "A heard of adult elephants by the river.", "Several elephants eat grass and plants by the water.", "A herd of elephants walking away from a lake.", "Elephants are standing under a tree, behind a bush."]
["A group of open umbrellas laying on a city sidewalk in front of a store.", "a bunch of umbrellas are laying on the ground", "A group of turned over umbrellas sit on the ground outside of a store.", "Several umbrellas sitting open in front of a store.", "Several umbrellas that have been placed on a sidewalk."]
["A red people ferry cruises along the pay with a load of passengers. ", "A ferry is carrying people across the water.", "A red, yellow and blue boat with city in the background.", "A boat on the water near a big city.", "A boat rides on top of the water."]
["A young man wearing a ring adjusting his tie", "Young adult male adjusting tie in dimly lit room.", "A man in a suit who is adjusting his tie.", "Married man adjusts the tie on his suit.", "The young man adjusts the collar of his suit."]
["A black cat in a tie laying on a carpet next to bookshelf.", "There is a large  black cat wearing a tie", "A black cat laying down wearing a silver neck tie.", "Cat laying on the floor wearing a tie around his neck", "a cat with a tie on its neck"]
["Five very small boats sitting in the water tied to the dock.", "a number of small boats in a body of water ", "A group of boats sitting next to a dock on water.", "A row of small boats docked in the water.", "An overhead view of several small boats tied to a dock."]
["A woman is walking with a cat umbrella.", "A person holding a blue umbrella shaped like a cat walks near an outdoor vegetable stand.", "A woman is walking down the street with an umbrella over her head.", "The woman is walking around with her umbrella up and it has a face on it.", "a woman is walking with a blue umbrella over her shoulder"]
["Two elephants in a grassy area next to trees.", "A couple of elephants standing in a field.", "Two baby elephants are playing in the grass by the water", "One elephant trying to mount the other from behind in a large dry grassy area.", "One elephant with its front feet on the back of another elephant."]
["An elephant puts his feet on the back of another elephant on a dry grassy field.", "two elephants in savanna looks like they are about to mate", "Two elephants playing with each other on a dry grass field.", "Two elephants in their natural habitat mating by a body of water. ", "An elephant mounting another elephant in a dry field next to a water source."]
["The mother and the baby elephant are in the water.", "A couple of animals that are in the water.", "two elephants enjoy playing in the cool water", "A large elephant and a small elephant standing in water.", "A mama elephant standing next to a little  child elephant."]
["Two people sitting under an umbrella and smiling.", "two people sitting under an open umbrella outdoors", "Doofy young man shares his umbrella with an Asian woman.", "A guy wearing blush sitting next to a woman under an umbrella.", "A young couple sitting together sharing an umbrella."]
["Sailboats parked at a dock on a calm lake on a clear day.", "A harbor filled with boats parked next to each other.", "the boat docks are full of boats of all types", "A group of boats are sitting in the middle of the water during the late afternoon.", "a marina filled with boats on the water"]
["The boats have been docked under the green hill.", "An aerial view of a harbor with several docked boats.", "Beautiful scene of a city by a bay with beige buildings with orange roofs and assorted boats.", "A scenic view of a river in the middle of a town.", "a marina with several boats next to a park"]
["The boat is in the middle of a huge strom", "A small boat with several people on it are moving along side a cruise ship.", "A small boat is approaching a cruise ship", "A cruise ship can be seen in the distance with a smaller boat headed towards it.", "The small boat is rushing to meet the cruise ship."]
["A woman wearing a white shirt and neck tie.", "A man in a white shirt with a loosened Tabasco tie.", "A person wearing a white shirt and colorful tie.", "Picture of person in button up shirt wearing a tie", "A man taking a selfie of his cartoon covered neck tie"]
["A large elephant crossing a narrow shallow river.", "Distant solo elephant crossing a shallow sandy river.", "An elephant walking in water towards the side of a river.", "A  GREY ELEPHANT WALKING ACROSS THE WATER BY ITSELF ", "a water way with an elephant in the background."]
["An umbrella that is standing in the sand.", "An umbrella is stuck in the sand on the beach.", "a colorful striped umbrella on the beach near the ocean", "A colorful umbrella is set up at the beach.", "The colorful umbrella is sitting by the beach,"]
["Woman in shades and cap sit on beach chair under an umbrella", "A woman in yellow shirt under an umbrella on a beach.", "A woman holding an umbrella at the beach.", "A woman sitting in a chair underneath an umbrella on the beach.", "A woman sitting under a beach umbrella while others around her sunbathe."]
["Two large dogs sitting on a carpet on the ground in front of the door. ", "Two dogs huddle together on a corner rug behind a pile of luggage.", "two brown dogs laying on a rug by a door ", "Two dogs lying on the floor of the kitchen by luggage", "Two dogs are laying on the floor by some luggage."]
["a close up of a person standing next to a luggage bag", "A suitcase covered with tags and a swiss army logo.", "A man standing with his toes pressed up against a suitcase with several airport tags on it.", "A suitcase with travel tags attached to it.", "Luggage is sitting on the floor in front of someone's feet."]
["A bunch of children are sitting in a circle with a dog.", "Many people are scattered around a dog. ", "The class is enjoying reading the various books,", "A dog and some people in a room.", "there are many children sitting in a class room reading"]
["A woman sitting on piece of luggage sitting in front of a building.", "a woman sitting on a suitcase outside a hotel", "A woman is sitting on top of a piece of luggage.", "A woman sitting on top of her luggage. ", "A woman leaning on luggage in front of a wooden post."]
["A little pit bull dog is sitting on a floor board of a car.", "A dog sits between a person's legs on the floor of the passenger side of a vehicle.", "A dog with a leash sitting on the passenger side of a car on the floor in between someone's legs.", "A brown dog sitting in the passengers side of a car.", "an image of a dog that is sitting in the car"]
["Two dogs on a couch, one is standing on the top and one is laying down.", "A large dog stands on the back of a sofa, sniffing at it, while another dog rests on the sofa itself.", "Two dogs walking on a living room sofa", "A dog trying to pull a blanket off the couch.", "A dog chews on a couch cushion, and another dog sits on the couch."]
["A woman standing in front of a building in the rain.", "A woman looking at a window while standing in the rain.", "a woman with an umbrella is looking at a map on a wall", "The woman is standing in a rainy street looking at a sign.", "A woman stops on a rainy street to read something on a building."]
["A little chihuahua puppy laying with his stuffed bear", "A small dog lays with a teddy bear.", "A small dog is sitting next to a small teddy bear. ", "a little chihuahua lating on the floor beside a little teddy bear", "a chihuahua sitting next to a stuffed teddy bear on a carpet"]
["An elephant is standing near a pond full of water.", "an elephant walks near a watering hole ", "An elephant standing next to a body of water.", "An elephant in captivity stands by a pool of water.", "An elephant that is standing next to some water."]
["A woman sitting next to a man holding an umbrella.", "A young man and woman sitting on a stone bench looking at a cell phone.", "A young man and woman sit looking at a cell phone.", "A man and a woman are sitting on a bench.", "A young couple sitting with an umbrella looking down at a cell phone"]
["A pile of luggage sitting on the floor of an airport.", "a group of luggage sitting in the middle of a building.", "There is a blue carpet with a group of suitcases on it. ", "Three suit cases and a small bag waiting to be picked up.", "The suitcases are waiting to be picked up at the counter. "]
["The dog is laying down underneath the table because he is in trouble for chewing on things he shouldn't have chewed on. ", "A brown dog lays under a table near a red shoe.", "A dog is sound asleep underneath a table.", "A dog laying underneath a wooden table on a floor.", "A dog lays under a table near a shoe. "]
["A large dog laying on top of a floor under a chair.", "A dog that is laying by a table with a small plastic glass on the floor.", "a close up of a dog laying under a table ", "A dog sits under a wooden table with a red shoe. ", "A dog is sitting on the floor with nothing to do. "]
["Two women walking down the street holding umbrellas.", "View from behind of two women under umbrellas", "Two people in dresses walking with umbrellas and bags.", "The back of two women holding up umbrellas and carrying bags.", "Two people are walking away from the camera with umbrellas. "]
["There is a boy sitting near many baskets.", "A young boy sitting on luggage on a luggage wagon", "A boy sitting on several trunks that are sitting on a pulley.", "A young boy is smiling while sitting on a luggage cart.", "A young child sitting on a pile of luggage on a red cart."]
["a women that has a umbrella in her hand", "A petite woman stands on a platform leaning on a folded umbrella", "Black and white photograph of a woman in white holding an umbrella.", "The woman with the umbrella is wearing short shorts.", "A girl in a white outfit standing with an umbrella."]
["Two people laying on top of green grass under a white umbrella.", "A couple laying under an umbrella at a park.", "The couple is laying down on the grass with the umbrella up. ", "Two people are laying on grass by an umbrella.", "A couple of people and a umbrella in the grass."]
["A wagon with supplies sitting on top of it.", "An antique cart on a wooden patio with chests and other objects on top of it. ", "A wagon with steel wheels holds large trunks and luggage.", "The wagon carries trunks, barrels, urns, and sacks.", "A wagon with trunks and barrels sitting on it"]
["A woman poses for a photo holding an umbrella over her head.", "A woman dancing around with a umbrella in her hand.", "A woman with an umbrella balances on one leg.", "A young hipster woman holding a plaid umbrella.", "A happy lady in orange skirt smiling and holding an umbrella over her head."]
["Two women who are standing under a umbrella.", "a couple of girls that are under a umbrella", "Two women with umbrella above escaping the rain", "Two women standing underneath a purple umbrella together. ", "Two women stand underneath an umbrella in a group."]
["A man loading a truck with two pieces of luggage.", "A man grabbing a suitcase from a luggage cart.", "Two men handle luggage in the parking garage of an airport.", "A man loading luggage onto a cart in a garage.", "two men getting their luggage to put in the cars"]
["A little girl holding a Teddy Bear, next to a cake.", "A girl sitting in front of a cake and holding a teddy bear.", "a small girl stands in front of a birth day cake ", "The young girl is getting ready to blow out her candles", "a young girl is sitting in front of a birthday cake"]
["A man that is standing up holding a suitcase.", "Man walking in busy airport with suitcase and empty baggage area.", "A traveler pulls a wheeled suitcase past a baggage carousel.", "A man pulling some luggage at the airport", "A person who is walking with some luggage behind them."]
["A set of three pieces of luggage filled with clothing.", "Three black suitcases, two big and one small, sitting on a grey rug", "Three travel bags are filled with clothes and other assorted items.", "Three open suitcases filled with clothing sitting on a floor.", "Open suitcases on the floor filled with clothing and other items."]
["a lot of different types of luggage bags near one another", "A group of purses and backpacks lumped together.", "A pile of colorful luggage sitting side by side.", "a large collection of various bags and suitcases", "There are many suitcases piled up on top of each other. "]
["A teddy bear laying on a rock next to a bundle of trash.", "A stuffed bear has been thrown out with some other garbage", "A teddy bear lying next to a bag of garbage.", "A large stuff bear next to several bags of trash on the edge of a street.", "A teddy bear and a bag of items is alongside a walk way. "]
["a woman standing on the beach with a dog", "A woman and a dog are getting wet in the water on a beach. ", "a woman in a bathing suit walking down the beach next to a poodle", "a woman and a dog are at the beach", "A woman that is standing in the sand next to a dog."]
["Picture of an exterior place that looks wonderful.\n", "the bear is standing on the side of the mountain\n", "There is a black bear near a rock.", "There is an adult bear that is walking in the foredt", "A black walking on all fours while grazing on grass."]
["Two pictures of a dog sitting next to a wooden chair.", "TWO OF THE SAME PICTURE OF A BLACK DOG BY A WOOD CHAIR ", "Two pictures of a dog sitting next to a chair", "Photos of large dog and wooden chair and different reactions.", "A split image shows the same dog looking different ways from a wooden chair."]
["A woman and dog sitting in a large chair posing for a picture.", "A girl and her dog sit together in an oversized chair. ", "a woman and her dog sit in a giant blue beach chair ", "A woman is sitting in a large chair with a dog.", "A woman and a dog sit in a huge outdoor chair."]
["A shaggy dog lying on a green and blue blanket.", "A black and gray dog lays on a green and blue plaid blanket.", "A cat taking a nap on a colorful blanket.", "A dog laying on a couch on a blanket.", "A dog is sleeping on a couch with a plaid blanket."]
["A dalmation sits on a red couch with two striped pillows.", "A dog laying on a red couch in a room.", "A dog lays on top of a red sofa. ", "a black and white dog sitting on a red couch with pillows", "A dalmatian laying on a red couch with pillows on each side."]
["A dog with floppy ears sitting on a couch.", "A big brown dog sitting on a couch", "The dog was sitting on the couch near the child.", "The yellow dog is sitting on the couch.", "A dog who is sitting on a couch next to its owner."]
["A black and white dog laying on a blue chair next to bags of presents.", "a dog in a room with presents all around", "A dog that is sitting on a couch.", "a dog looks into the camera as it sits in a chair ", "A black dog sitting on top of a chair near a counter."]
["A dog in the air with a frisbee in its mouth. ", "A dog jumping up to catch a pink frisbee", "many people watching a dog catch a frisbee ", "a dog leaping in the air with a frisby in its mouth", "A dog is in the air with a frisbee in its mouth"]
["A large brown bear standing next to a large river.", "A brown bear walks alongside a body of water.", "A bear walking over a log beside water.", "A large grizzly bear in an enclosure with a pool of water.", "A large, brown bear walking along a pool of water."]
["three brown black and white dogs are sleeping on a bed", "Three dogs sleeping together on an unmade bed", "A group of dogs sleeps on a twin bed. ", "There are three family dogs sleeping on top of the single bed.", "Some animals that are sitting on the bed."]
["The two dogs are laying on the bed.", "a couple of dogs are laying on a bed together", "Two dogs lying on a bed looking up. ", "A couple of dogs laying on a bed in a room.", "Two dogs lay calmly on a human's bed."]
["A dog laying in some hay on the ground.", "A brown and white dog laying on a pile of dry grass.", "A dog that is laying down on the grass.", "dog lying in the hay looking at the photographer", "The dog is laying down on the grass outside. "]
["A dog in a mirror with a person in a room.", "Girl taking picture in the mirror with dog.", "a woman taking a picture of herself and her dog in a mirror ", "A women who is talking a picture of herself and her dog.", "A girl taking a selfie of herself and her dog."]
["A dog with white and black hair catching a frisbee", "A dog jumping while biting a frisbee in the field", "a dog that has a freez be in his mouth", "A dog that is jumping in the air with a frisbee.", "A dog catching a frisbee in its mouth on a field."]
["a dog running with a Frisbee in its mouth", "a dog is running while carrying a frisbee in his mouth.", "A dog running with a pink frisbee in his mouth. ", "A dog running with a frisbee in its mouth ", "A dog running across a field with a pink frisbee in it's mouth."]
["A dog carrying a frisbee in its mouth on a field.", "The dog is just caught the frisbee in his mouth.", "A dog holding a white frisbee in it's mouth.", "A dog is running with a frisbee in his mouth. ", "A dog on a green field carrying a frisbee in its mouth."]
["A dog is catching a Frisbee in its mouth.", "A dog and a man with a Frisbee on a field.", "The black, white, and grey dog is jumping to catch a yellow Frisbee.", "a man and his dog playing with a yellow Frisbee ", "A dog catching a frisbee on a baseball field while its owner watches."]
["A white dog sitting on a ledge of a window. ", "A open window with a piece of art depicting a dog.", "A marble statue of a dog sitting in a window.", "A statue of a dog sitting on a window sill.", "Black and white photo of dog sitting in window."]
["A man standing next to a zebra on a lawn.", "a guy showing off a zebra at a building", "A young man poses next to a zebra in a grassy wildlife exhibit.", "A man standing next to  zebra on the grass", "A man standing next to a zebra gesturing toward it."]
["A man tries to take another man's Frisbee.", "Two men playing frisbee on the beach next to the waves.", "A man trying to block somebody from throwing a Frisbee. ", "Two men playing Frisbee on a cloudy beach.", "Two men who are outside playing with a frisbee. "]
["a gnarly Frisbee player laying out to make a catch ", "a young man in a white uniform lunges for a frisbee", "a man jumping out trying to catch a frisbee", "Man in white uniform diving to catch a frisbee from the air.", "A person is falling over during a sport"]
["A group of people playing frisbee against each other.", "Girl throwing a frisbee to a man on the beach. ", "A group of people play with a frisbee.", "A group of people are on the dirt playing frisbee.", "Here is an Ultimate Frisbee competition at the beach"]
["A field full of zebras and giraffes at a zoo.", "Some zebras and other animals grazing in a field.", "a bunch of wild animals in a fenced in environment ", "A couple of Zebras are eating grass in front of the other animals. ", "Zebras, giraffes and camels stand under trees in a large enclosure."]
["A dog laying down on the floor next to its owner. ", "A laptop sitting in someones lap and a dog lying on the floor. ", "A laptop is sitting on someone's lap with a dog laying down nearby.", "A person with a laptop on their lap and a dog sleeping on the floor near their feet. ", "Dog sleeping on floor next to person with laptop sitting in chair."]
["A brown dog sleeping on several large books.", "A dog nestled against a book on the floor.", "A dog is sleeping on some books lying on the floor.", "The dog is sleeping with his head on the papers.", "A dog that is laying down on books."]
["A spotted dog is chasing another dog outside", "Two adorable dogs running through a grassy forest.", "Two dogs are running and chasing each other.\n", "one dog chasing another on a grey fall day", "Two dogs are in a field, one has a red circle in it's mouth."]
["A puppy playing fetch along the shore of a lake", "a dog runs in to a body of water ", "A dog is on the side of the river waiting to catch a stick.", "A dog chasing a stick running into the water.", "A dog standing at the edge of the water."]
["A group of teenage girls are walking a dog on the grass.", "Four women admire a dog on a leash. ", "A dog standing in front of four women.", "Four woman stand around a dog on a leash.", "there are four woman standing together around a dog"]
["A zebra standing on top of a lush green field.", "The Zebra has a mixture of brown and black stripes on it's head.", "Zebra standing in a field of brush near a hill.", "The zebra is standing in the grass next to the bushes.", "A zebra standing in a field of grass and flowers."]
["large dog retrieving the frisbee for his owner", "This dog happily walks through the field carrying a Frisbee. ", "A dog is holding a frisbee in its mouth", "A dog with a frisbee standing in the grass.", "Dog fetching a frisbee in a rough field."]
["A large group of people running after a frisbee", "A group of people playing a game of Frisbee.", "this is people running in a grassy field", "A group of people playing frisbee on a field.", "Men and women running on a grassy field."]
["A woman with sunglasses holding a bottle of water and in a throwing motion with a frisbee in the air.", "a woman in the park throwing a blue frisbee", "A young woman throwing a frisbee at a park", "a person holding a water bpttle and throwing a frisbe ", "Young woman who barely threw a frisbee in park."]
["A closeup of two zebras standing near one another", "A closeup of two zebras with blue sky in background.", "Two zebras running with the wind blowing their fur.", "There are two zebras standing together this morning", "Two zebras are running against a blue background."]
["A herd of antelope next to some zebra's grazing in a field.", "this camera shows zebras and other animals in the wild", "A group of zebras are standing in some trees.", "Zebra, antelope and other wild animals at a African National Park.", "A couple of zebras and antelopes captured on a wildlife camera."]
["Three men standing on a lawn holding paper plates and beer.", "Three men standing on the grass outside, with two of them holding plates and one holding a bottle of Lucky Stripe beer.", "Three men stand in front of a beige building and the man in the middle who wears a hat holds a white Frisbee.", "A man holding a bottle standing next to two men holding plates.", "Three men standing outside in the grass with a beer."]
["Two zebras that are standing in the grass.", "Two zebras stand close to each other in a field. ", "two zebras walking through a field side by side", "There is a full view of an outdoor area and it is nice.\n", "Two zebras are standing in a field. "]
["A young girl prepares to throw a disc through a hoop while other watch in a gym.", "Children playing various activities in a school gym", "The child is throwing the Frisbee through the hoop.", "A little girl holding something in her hand staring at a hoop.", "The kids are playing Frisbee inside the school gym. "]
["People watch an ultimate frisbee game in the park. ", "A large group of people playing frisbee with onlookers.", "a number of people playing frisbee in a field ", "A group of people standing on top of a lush green field.", "people watching young boys playing a game of some sort"]
["A woman sticking her tongue out to a young boy.", "A woman sticking her tongue at a boy as he smiles. ", "two people looking for  the their height", "A woman sticking her tongue out beside a boy smiling. ", "Mom and son joking around while in the park."]
["A man gets ready to throw a frisbee.", "A man in a brown shirt throwing a frisbee.", "A person that is about to throw a frisbee.", "Man in a city getting ready to throw a frisbee.", "A man is poised to throw a white Frisbee."]
["Two zebra standing on a tall dry grass field.", "Two zebras strikingly apparent in a pale grassed pasture", "two zebras in some tall dry grass and some trees", "Two zebras stand in tall, brown grass near some trees.", "Two zebras wander around in a grassy field."]
["A couple of zebras are walking through a field.", "Two zebras seen from the posterior position, with tails swishing.", "A back view of two zebras walking on a plains. ", "Two Zebras are standing together in the green. ", "two zebras walking away in a natural looking habiat"]
["a zebra looks at the grass at a zoo", "A zebra standing in an enclosed field with a little grass.", "A single zebra standing in the middle of a pen", "A zebra walking across a grass covered field.", "This is a picture of a zebra in a park."]
["Two pretty zebras grazing together near a metal structure.", "two zebra standing next to each other while eating grass ", "Two zebras eating dried grass under a bench.", "Two zebras eating hay together at a feeder.", "Two zebras standing in the sand, eating hay."]
["A horse drawn carriage goes down this street surrounded with tall buildings.", "There are people riding in that horse and buggy on the street.", "A horse and cart traveling on a city street among cars", "A white carriage with a white horse carries passengers through a city square. ", "Horse and carriage going down the street in the city."]
["A jockey riding a horse on a horse racing track.", "a man riding a horse down a race track while people watch", "Two horses neck-to-neck in a horse race, with observers standing at the rail.", "a jockey on a horse on a horse race track", "A horse, and jockey ride by the stands at a race track."]
["A vintage picture of people walking around a town", "A scene of people, horse, and carriages outside of a hotel.", "A picture of a city street with a lot of horse drawn carriages.", "A group of people on a city street.", "A unique shot of what seems to be an old fashion city. "]
["A horse standing by a bucket, in the entrance way to a stone tunnel.", "A horse and bucket inside of an outside tunnel.", "A horse walks into an old stone tunnel.", "a brown horse eating some food at the end of a tunnel", "Brown horse at the end of a tunnel with a bucket."]
["A man standing in a dirt field surrounded by horses.", "A person riding a horse in an arena", "A man in jacket and cowboy hat and a person on a horse.", "Several people riding some horses in an enclosure. ", "A  MAN IS STANDING IN THE DIRT WITH A HORSE NEAR IT"]
["Two zebras eat hay in a muddy area.", "Two zebras are eating food off of the ground.", "two zebras eating from small piles of food", "two zebras eating food off a the ground in mud", "Two zebra eating grain on a dirt ground together."]
["Two people in yellow ride horses down a narrow street.", "Two officers patrolling city streets on horse back", "A couple of men riding on the backs of horses.", "Two people ride horses through the city street.", "A street with two security officers riding on horseback."]
["A horse pulling a carriage on a city street.", "A street scene with a white horse pulling a carriage. ", "a white horse is pulling a white cart and some buildings", "A white horse in harness pulling something through a downtown street", "A photo of a horse hooked up to a carriage."]
["A close up of a zebra grazing in the leaves. ", "A zebra standing in a leaf covered forest.", "a zebra walking and grazing on some leafs ", "A single zebra grazing among fallen leaves for food.", "a zebra and some brown leaves and trees"]
["A dead cow corpse laying on top of a beach.", "A DEAD SEAL LAYING IN THE SAND ON NEAR THE OCEAN ", "A large rock sitting on a beach near the water.", "Tides go in and out on a rocky shore.", "The carcass of an animal is lying on a beach."]
["A horse is running near a body of water. ", "A person racing down the beach on a horse", "A man is riding a horse very quickly the horse is sprinting. ", "A person rides a horse down a sunny beach.", "There is a person riding a horse on the beach."]
["Two horses drinking water from a trough in front of a building.", "Two horses standing beside each other are drinking water.", "Two horses are enjoying some cold water. ", "Two horses drinking water from fountain next to a bench.", "Two horses in bridle getting a drink from a watering trough in a park."]
["A white horse standing next to a stone wall.", "A WHITE HOSE WITH A BLUE NECKLACE ON HIS NECK", "A hitched white horse wearing a blue scarf.", "A white Arabian horse with a decorative bridle and collar.", "a white horse with a neck chain looking around"]
["a horse in a a field near many trees", "A horse grazing on grass in the woods. ", "A horse grazing in an open wooded area.", "A horse in the distance grazing in the forest ", "A horse grazing on top of a lush green forest."]
["A horse and carriage is on a quiet street as a woman walks down the sidewalk.", "an elderly lady crosses the street underneath a shade", "A street with a black carriage being pulled by white horses and people walking on the sidewalk.", "The old woman wearing pink and white outfit walks down the paved sidewalk.", "A woman dressed in orange and white walking down a city street."]
["A small gray and white furry horse near brush", "The large grey horsehas long and shaggy hair.", "A gray and white horse standing in a field ", "Brown, grey and white colored Shetland pony in sunny pasture.", "A small gray horse standing in a field "]
["Three horse grazing on grass near a street sign.", "three horses stand next to a street sign grazing ", "three brown white black  horses and a an arrow sign", "Three horses are grazing on grass by the road.", "Three horses grazing on the side of the road near a road sign."]
["There are horses pulling a man and a cart.", "A man is on a horse and carriage by Wells Fargo.", "A horse carriage and horses moving along a street.", "A chariot pulled by horses carrying people outside a building.", "a man and woman in a four horse drawn carriage"]
["a person riding a horse on a track", "a man stands up on the stirrups on top of a horse", "Jockey riding a race horse on a runway.", "A person riding a horse down a race track.", "a man rides on top of a race horse "]
["A group of men riding on the backs of horses in a field.", "Seven men and women all mounted on horseback outside.", "A group of several people riding horses over a grassy field.", "A group of people sitting on horses in a row.", "A group of children on horses riding in a field."]
["A woman on a brown and white horse rides near trees.", "A woman rides a pony through wooded area", "A girl in a red jacket riding a horse.", "a woman riding on a horse in the woods", "A person who is riding on a horse."]
["A black horse standing in a desert field surrounded by mountain.", "a horse standing in a field of sand and grass.", "Silhouette of horse grazing in area of snow and grasses.", "A black horse in the middle of a field with a mountain in the background.", "A horse standing in a snow covered field in front of some buildings."]
["A photograph of an outside with numerous things in the scene.\n", "A couple of horses standing next to each other.", "Two horses standing near a fence in the snow.", "Two horses standing beside each other in a fenced in area.", "Two horses are standing in the snow behind a fence. "]
["A box of oranges sitting inside of a grocery store.", "The view of the inside of a grocery store from the street.", "A car is near a store with apples and oranges in it.", "The glass from a market reflects the street outside.", "A shop with fruit in a window which has a reflection of vehicles passing by."]
["Harvest display of vegetables and wines on a shop counter.", "An autumn fruit and vegetable display in a shop window", "A variety of healthy fruits and vegetables are in a basket.", "A shop window display of pumpkins, melons, fruit and other vegetables next to bottles of wine.", "A large basket of food on a table."]
["A baseball player taking a swing at a ball", "A man in uniform on a baseball field holding a bat.", "A baseball player holding a bat on a field.", "A man swings a baseball bat in a baseball stadium.", "A baseball player is holding a bat in preparation to swing at a ball."]
["A dinner plate with grilled veggies and some bread.", "A plate shows many veggie varieties and a pastry.", "Asparagus and cooked mixed vegetables on a plate with pizza.", "A plate with asparagus, broccoli, carrots, cauliflower and a sandwich.", "This plate has asparagus and other vegetables on it"]
["Male skier holding poles standing at the top of a snowy peak posing for camera", "\nA person who is in ski gear atop a snowy mountain.", "A man on skis standing by snow covered mountains.", "A skier with beard posing on top of a slope", "Man posing on a icy landscape while wearing skis."]
["A person in green body suit jumping on skis.", "The skier is holding a pose after performing a jump. ", "A person flying through the air on skis.", "A person flying in the air wearing snow skis, during a competition.", "Someone doing a trick while standing on a pair of skis. "]
["many fruits arranged in large containers indoors near a weall", "Large bins of fresh fruit with price signs.", "Several types of fruits for sale displayed in wooden bins. ", "Produce is displayed in a large crates for sale.", "Indoor crates hold a variety of fruits. "]
["Apples and oranges sitting next to each other on a shelf.", "A shelf full of green apples and oranges ", "Granny smith apples and naval oranges on a rack. ", "There are oranges and apples in a fridge shelf", "Green apples and oranges are in a plastic tray."]
["A bowl filled with lots of fresh fruit piled on top of each other.", "The pears and apples are being displayed in the basket.", "A bowl of  many apples, oranges, and pears.", "A bowl full of oranges, apples and pears.", "a bowl full of apples oranges and pears "]
["Wicker baskets displaying apples and oranges in a supermarket.", "A group of various fruits sitting in baskets.", "Wicker baskets of apples, oranges and pears on the shelves of a market", "Several baskets of apples and oranges are ready for purchase.", "Baskets of fruit are on display at a market."]
["A hand holding a mug of green liquid next to a pile of fruit.", "Raw vegetables turned into healthy drink to go.", "There is a cup containing a green smoothie", "Some vegetables on a table and a cup of liquid.", "Greens, a couple pieces of fruit, blended into a green smoothie.\n"]
["A man on skis stands on the hill.", "A man wearing skis holding two ski pose on top of a snow covered slope.", "Man on skies on side of the mountain.", "The man is skiing on the snow filled mountain.", "A man standing in the snow on skiis."]
["A baseball player pitching a ball on a field.", "Several children in a blue uniform playing baseball.", "A baseball player throwing a baseball from the outfield.", "A few kids getting ready for a baseball game.", "A young baseball player is throwing a ball"]
["A store filled with piles of ripe bananas on display.", "Dozens of bunches of small green and yellow bananas. ", "An outdoor market is loaded down with bananas.", "Sevearl bunches of green and  yellow bananas are on display.", "Several bundles of banana's, some yellow, some green."]
["some people a red bench  a slide and snow", "people at a playground that's covered in snow", "A group of people riding skis on top of a snow covered slope.", "Family enjoying ski trip with snow surrounding them", "A family skiing and playing in the snow."]
["Bananas, Coconuts, and other fruits at a market stand.", "A fruit market with green and yellow bananas and a big platter of coconuts.", "A man sitting inside an outdoor fruit market.", "Fruit stand that sells items such as bananas and coconuts.", "Bananas and coconuts are sitting on an old fruit stand."]
["A large group of people buying oranges at a stand.", "Someone buying oranges at a fruit stand in a market.", "people making orange juice at an orange juice stand", "Many people shopping near a large display of oranges.", "A display of oranges in a store with people standing around."]
["A three pronged fork sits on a white plate.", "a three pronged fork on a white plate", "shows a plate and a fork that was just ate off of.", "a used empty bowl with a fork in it ", "a close up of an empty plate on a dark background"]
["The skier is headed towards the architecturally -unique ski lodge.", "A cabin in snow with people around it.", "A man skiing across snow covered ground on skis.", "A modern building with a man skiing up to it.", "A skier heads toward a ski resort building "]
["Bananas sitting on a green fence with gourds. ", "Bunches of bananas are balanced on a railing.", "Group of different types of vegetables sitting on a metal railing. ", "Green bananas perched on a green iron fence", "Bushels of bananas and gourds hang on a fence"]
["A two wet mangos surrounded by yello, wet bananas.", "Two mangoes and a bunch of bananas in a bowl.", "a close up of some bananas and another fruit", "A bunch of ripe bananas sitting next to other fruit.", "Bunches of bananas and mangoes glistening with water droplets."]
["a group of pictures of the same table with multiple trays of food", "A series of photos of several plates of food.", "A few pictures together to make a table of food entrees.", "a bunch of food is on a table", "some plates of food sit on a table top "]
["Two bananas sitting on a floor next to a pile of pennies.", "A couple of bananas and some money laid out", "Two bananas, some pennies, a cookie, and some shoes are all in the photograph. ", "Some coins lay next to two bananas, a cookie and a black shoe.", "two bananas some coins a shoe and a cookie"]
["The baseball player looks ready to hit the ball.", "a batter getting ready to hit the baseball", "A man in a baseball uniform getting ready to swing his bat.", "A Lost Angeles baseball player stands at bat while people look on.", "A man up at bat and getting ready to hit the ball."]
["Corn, broccoli, and meat is on a plate. ", "Meat and vegetables make up a typical American dinner meal.", "A dinner plate of meat and different vegetables", "Plate of food consisting of meat and two different types of vegetables. ", "A plate of corn, broccoli, and some beef with a fork. "]
["A pizza on a table being eaten by two people. ", "Two men sitting in a restaurant eating pizza.", "Two people sharing a pizza in a casual restaurant.", "A table topped with a pizza surrounded by people.", "Two men sharing a pizza pie while at a restaurant."]
["Which of the four desserts would you choose?", "a paper plate with many different pieces of cake", "A plate is filled to the rim with sweet pastries and desserts. ", "The desert is on the dish ready to be eaten.", "Four different slices of cake on a paper plate with a plastic spoon"]
["A man in skis pulls a load behind him.", "A man on cross country skis pulls a sleigh with a red bag on it through a field of snow.", "Man walking up the side of a mountain with his skis on.", "A man cross country skiing towing a sled behind him.", "A man in skis holding two ski poles towing a piece of luggage."]
["A couple of men riding skis across a snow covered ground.", "Two men in skis skiing down a slope. ", "Some skiers in the snow pulling some small sleds.", "Two men walking in the snow in their skis. ", "Two cross country skiers smile as they cross the snow."]
["A baseball player holding a wooden bat standing on a baseball field.", "A baseball player holding a bat blows a bubble with his gum.  ", "A baseball player with a black, white and yellow uniform holds a baseball bat against his shoulder.", "A baseball player is holding his bat, and blowing a bubble. ", "a baseball player holding a bat blowing a bubble"]
["A bunch of skiers on snow are standing around.", "a group of people riding skis on a snowy surface", "Alot of people on skies in the snow", "The skiers are standing next to a large crowd.", "a group of people with a skiing gear on mountain covered with snow"]
["A man playing a game of sports with a hard swing baseball ", "A man swinging a baseball bat in a batting cage.", "A man actively batting with the blur of the bat captured.", "A man swinging a baseball in a batting cage.", "A batter in a cage swinging to hit a ball."]
["The people are roller skating down the road.", "Young men on roller skates ascending up steep street.", "Several men skating down a road in a town.", "Boys are roller skating in the street. ", "a couple of people are riding on skates outside"]
["A person in white and red jacket jumping in air on skis.", "a person jumping skis in the air with a sky background", "Man skiing in mid air jump on a clear sky day.", "A person jumping in the air on a pair of skis.", "an image of a man on skiis jumping in the air"]
["A person launching into the air on a snowboard.", "This snow boarder is practicing techniques and tricks.", "A person snowboarding down on a snow slope.", "A snowboarder is performing a jump on the slope.", "A snowboarder makes a jump above the snow, with trees in the background."]
["Man on a snowboard, mid air going down a snowy slope.", "The man is in mid air as he is snowboarding down the hill.", "A snowboarder doing getting \"air\" on way down the mountain.", "A snowboarder is seen leaping through the air.", "a man on a snow board flying through the air "]
["a close up flowers and plants inside of a bowl \n", "A group of flowers and vegetables in an orange bowl.", "This  is a bowl of wild flowers that someone picked.", "A yellow bull with broccoli and flowers in it.", "A bowl of berries and pink flower petals."]
["A delicious meal of rice,chicken, and broccoli with water and soda to finish the meal. ", "There is some chicken, rice and broccoli on this plate.", "a plate filled with meat, rice and broccoli next to some glasses", "A white plate that has a serving of food on it", "A restaurant meal of rice, chicken and broccoli"]
["An oven with some pots of cooking food items.", "A boiling pot, kettle and frying pan with chicken, broccoli and onion sitting on a stove top.", "Food cooking in a saucepan and frying pan on a stove top", "A pot with water is on a stove near a skillet with a fork and spoon.", "a pot of water boils next to a frying pan with various ingredients cooking in it"]
["The person holds their poles up while skiing down a slope.", "A picture of a man skiing down a ski slope.", "a person is skiing down a snowy hill", "A single skiier, skiing over snow covered hills.", "A skier takes on a course with a few hills. "]
["A young man riding a skate board while airborne.", "a skateboarder taking a jump down a flight of steps", "a person on a skateboard jumping a railing", "A skateboarder jumping over a temporary metal fence.", "A skateboarder is in mid air with graffiti in the background."]
["skateboarder who is about to land from a jump of some type", "A man is flipping a skateboard while doing tricks.", "A boy blurs down a hill on his skateboard in front of a graffiti wall.", "A boy doing a trick on a skateboard onto a rail.", "MAN  ON A SKATEBOARD IN THE AIR, WITH A BLURRY BACKGROUND"]
["A skier stands next to a warning sign.", "Skier standing next to a warning sign on a snow course. ", "A male skier standing next to an intimidating sign on the ski slope", "A skier near a ski sign labeled \"Experts Only!\". ", "A skiier posing in front of a sign on a ski slope."]
["A man riding a skateboard up a colorful ramp.", "a guy on a skateboard getting ready to skate down a little ramp ", "sliding down the half pipe on a skateboard. ", "A person on a ramp riding a skateboard.", "a skate-boarder about to go down a small wooden ramp"]
["A man is coming down a ramp on a skateboard.  ", "A man is posed on top of a skateboard ramp on his board beside a house.", "Boy performs a skateboard move on skateboarding equipment.", "A man wearing a red shirt on a skateboard. ", "A man riding a skateboard down the side of a ramp."]
["A small kid trying to do a trick on his skateboard.", "A boy doing a trick on a skateboard. ", "Boy wearing safety gear is airborne while doing a skateboard trick.", "A skate boarder executes a kick flip at a skate park", "A young skateboarder attempts to complete a trick."]
["a cast iron dish filled with rice and brocolli", "A black pan filled with lots of rice and broccoli.", "A pot of food lies on a table mat.", "A pan of steamed rice with broccoli and onions", "A table with a brown pot full of broccoli and rice."]
["A skier coming to a stop in white powdery snow.", "A man riding skis down a snowy slope.", "A man is skiing down hill using both ski poles and the snow looks powdery.", "A person skiing down a snowy slope during the day.", "A man smiles as he skis down a snowy slope."]
["A man riding skis with ski poles down a snow covered slope.", "A man is telemark skiing through the snow.", "A man skis downhill while carrying a backpack.", "A man smiles as he moves through the snow holding ski poles. ", "A man kicking up snow while he is skiing."]
["A bunch of items that are on a table.", "Several bowls filled with different types of vegetables.", "white container with various green and yellow vegtables", "Bowls of fruits and vegetables sitting on a table.", "There is plenty of fresh vegetables on the table."]
["This plastic container has a piece of mean in it along with some broccoli and mushrooms.", "a piece of meat in a plastic container with broccoli.", "A large steak is inside a plastic bowl with broccoli.", "A bowl contains a piece of meat and a few pieces of broccoli.", "a bowl of some kind of food in it"]
["A man standing on one foot holding a skateboard behind him.", "A male skateboarder holds his skateboard behind his back.", "A man in white shirt carrying a skateboard behind his back.", "A man walking on a sidewalk carrying a skateboard.", "a person holding a skate board near a field of grass"]
["A pair of ski emergency responders transporting an injured skier.", "Two skiers slide across a snowy landscape. ", "Two men on skis are going down a snowy slope.", "Two people on skis in a wooded snowy area.", "Two skiers traveling on a snowy path in a forested area. "]
["Young girl with an apple on unmown grass.", "A red apple is in the grass in front of a toddler.", "A baby is touching a red Apple outside", "A little girl sitting on the grass playing with a piece of fruit.", "The baby girl sits with a red ball at her feet."]
["Several green and red apples lying on ground.", "A bunch of bruised apples sitting on the cement", "A bunch of apples are laying on a stone-like surface.", "A bunch of apples sitting outside on the concrete.", "A group of apples sitting on top of a set of stone steps."]
["a man skating in a skate park with a large crowd watchin him ", "a man performs a trick on a skate board ", "A man pops a skateboard trick at a skate park", "A skateboarder doing a trick at a skate park ", "a man that is jumping his skateboard on some track"]
["there is a sandwich and salad on a blue and white plate", "A white and blue plate with a sandwich and salad of top.", "A sandwich and lettuce that is on a plate.", "A plate of food next to a laptop", "A plate with a sandwich and salad sits in front of a notebook computer."]
["Steam rising from a hot plate of vegetables.", "Warm meal on the plate that includes broccoli and orange slices among other things", "A close view of a plate with steamy food.", "A table with a white plate of food that includes carrots.", "Steaming food sitting on a white plate on a table"]
["A big market with bins full of piles of produce.", "a very long table with a bunch of fruit on top", "A grocery store filled with lots of fresh produce.", "A bunch of vegetables in a produce section ", "a store with a large display of veggies on a table"]
["fresh vegetables picked from a garden and a gardening tool", "Vegetables lay on the ground after being pulled up.", "Carrots, onion, and radishes with gardening tool in a garden.", "vegetables laying in the soil next to a trowel", "A picture of some fruit in the dirt."]
["People are cross country skiing through a field.", "A skier standing on a slope of snow.", "People are skiing in a snowy field by a forest.", "A snow covered trail with a person cross country skiing on the trail and other people in the distance.", "Several people are cross country skiing on a trail"]
["A boy has one foot on the skateboard and another on the ground.", "A man standing on top of a skateboard on top of cement.", "A skateboarder has one foot on his baor", "A person's shoes, one of which is on a skateboard.", "A person with shoes on standing on a skateboard."]
["A person riding a skateboard on top of a piece of metal.", "a skateboarder with a blue jacket is doing a trick", "A man practicing tricks on a skate board.", "Male skateboarder performing tricks on elevated metal platform.", "a man on a skateboard is making a jump"]
["a small boy holding a fork with some dessert being shoved in his mouth", "A little boy is eating some ice cream and brownies. ", "A boy taking a bite of cake and whip cream from a plate.", "a small child eating cake on a table", "A young boy who is eating a chocolate piece of cake."]
["Baked dessert item with fruit served on plate alongside beverage.", "The pie looks like it has a ma range on top of it. ", "A slice of strawberry meringue pie with a knife and fork in Sweden", "A plate has a piece of meringue pie.", "A white plate topped with a pastry dessert and a knife and fork."]
["People are skiing down a snow covered hill.", "Two people coming off the mountain from their skiing adventure.", "Two people riding down the side of a ski slope.", "A couple of men going down the side of a moutain.", "Two people skiing down a mountain in packed snow."]
["A man on a snowboard grinding a rail. ", "A standing in a pair of skis on a ski ramp.", "A guy is doing a trick on a bar while in skiis", "A man wearing skis performs a trick on a rail.", "A man with skis slides down a ramp with snow and ice."]
["A middle aged man skateboards on the bottom of a skateboarding structure.", "A person on a skateboard next to a ramp.", "A skateboarder riding down a ramp on his skateboard.", "A man in a checked shirt and sneakers riding a skateboard.", "A skateboarder skates next to a ledge in a skate park."]
["A man in black shirt riding a skateboard on a sidewalk.", "A young man skateboarding down a sidewalk carrying a laundry basket.", "a person riding a skate board on a city side walk", "A man skateboarding down a sidewalk carrying a basket of laundry", "A person on a skateboard on a street."]
["A man attempts to ski in the few inches of snow left on the ground.", "A person posing on skis right at the edge of where the snow stops and dry ground begins.", "A cross country skier is standing and pointing.", "A man skiing on snow near some bushes", "A young man riding skis on top of a snow covered slope."]
["a man on a skateboard  going up a ramp", "A man who is performing a trick on a skateboard.", "A young man on a skateboard  jumping a skateboard ramp.", "A man performs a trick on a skateboard.", "a man riding the rail with his skateboard "]
["there are two hot dogs on a paper plate with toppings", "A man is sitting down with two sandwiches in his lap. ", "A plate with food on it on a person's lap ", "Two buns holds meat and coleslaw as the sit on white papers.", "Two hot dogs topped with cole slaw sits on a paper plate."]
["A man in the snow has a blue snowboard.", "A snowboarder sitting in the snow with his board attached to his feet.", "a man in a coat hat and goggles siting in the snow by his snow board", "A person on a snowboard sitting in the snow in the middle of a trail.", "A man sitting in the snow on top of a snowboard."]
["Large oversized hot dog being held in tinfoil.", "The individual holds a sandwich in their hand. ", "A hand holding aluminum foil half wrapped pork sausage dog in a hot dog bun with shredded vegetables, over sidewalk area with grate.", "A person is holding a sandwich with a sausage and coleslaw on it.", "A large bratwurst in a bun wrapped in tin foil."]
["Hotdogs in baskets with variety of toppings surrounding french fries in baskets on a table.", "A table full of hit dogs and french fries that are ready to be eaten.", "Hotdogs and french fries in paper containers sitting on a table.", "Hotdogs with different topping and french fries ", "This is a collection of different kinds of hot dogs and french fries."]
["some people and a snowboarder in a blue jacket", "A person on a snowboard on a ramp.", "A person snowboarding down a ramp near the water", "A snowboarder is on a ramp of snow.", "A man in blue shirt riding a snowboard next to people."]
["A hand holding a sandwich in a napkin", "A woman is holding a large sauerkraut hot dog.", "a person holds a hot dog in their hand", "A person that is holding some food in her hand.", "A hot dog in a napkin with onions and green peppers"]
["A person on a skateboard standing in front of a wall with graffiti. ", "a man on a skate board rides on a ledge ", "A man riding a skateboard down the side of a ramp.", "A person on a skateboard on a low platform with a ramp, near a graffiti wall.", "A boy riding a skateboard by a wall with graffiti."]
["A child on a sidewalk rising a skateboard.", "A little kid is riding on a skateboard", "The young child is riding swiftly on a skateboard.", "A young boy riding a skateboard across a sidewalk.", "A small child rushes along a sidewalk on a skateboard."]
["A couple of sub sandwiches are in a basket. ", "Two hot dogs with a wide variety of toppings.", "Two hot dogs that are on some checkered paper.", "A meat sandwich with sauce lays next to another sandwich with vegetables on top.", " a close up of two hot dogs in a plate "]
["A plate topped with two hot dogs covered in coleslaw.", "Two hot dogs in buns with toppings on a decorated plate, with a hand reaching for one of the hot dogs.", "A hand reaches toward a pair of hot dogs with sauerkraut, on a round white plate.", "Two hot dogs with cole slaw and pepper on a plate.", "There is a plate with two hot dogs with coleslaw on them."]
["two brown dogs are laying next to each other", "Two dogs laying next to each other with the sun shining on them", "Two dogs cuddled up to each other in a sunny spot on the floor.", "Two dogs laying side be sun in the sun light.", "a close up of two dogs laying on a wooden floor"]
["A person sits at a table with a hot dog.", "A man sitting at a table while reading a book.", "A developmentally challenged young man sitting at a picnic table with a hot dog", "A person that is sitting on a table.", "A boy sits at a picnic table with a hot dog at his place."]
["a person jumping a snow board in the air", "One a sunny day, a snowboarder is in the air on his board over a snowy hill.", "A snow boarder doing a trick in mid air.", "The snow boarder is soaring high through the air.", "A man flying through the air while riding a snowboard."]
["A man eating a chili dog outside on a sunny day.", "A man eats a hot dog with onions outside.", "a man is sitting down on the grass eating a hotdog", "Man eating a hot dog on a roll, trying to be neat.", "There is a man who is eating a sandwich."]
["A woman eats some food at a social gathering on the patio.", "A woman takes a bite out of a hot dog.", "A woman standing behind someone sitting in a chair while eating food. ", "A woman at a party eats a hot dog.", "A woman eating food on a deck at a party "]
["Cook preparing a meal in folded bread at a food stall.", "a person wearing an apron making a sandwich", "A man in a grey apron with a sandwich full of barbecue.", "A chef is preparing a hoagie sandwich for waiting customers. ", "He looks to be preparing a sandwich to sell."]
["A box filled with six donuts separated by dividers.", "A half dozen colorfully decorated doughnuts in a box.", "A box with six divisions, each with its own variety of donut.", "Donuts arranged in a cardboard box looking appetizing.", "There are six varieties of frosted donuts in the box."]
["A woman holding a hot dog next to a man.", "a woman and man are sharing a hot dog", "A woman with glasses and a man sharing a hotdog", "A man and a woman are putting condiments on their hot dogs.", "Woman and man pushing large sausage onto roll"]
["A persons hand touching a plate full of food.", "Someone is touching a white plate that has a sandwich and chips on it. ", "A plate with a sandwich and potato chips ", "The sandwich with lettuce on it is next to potato chips.", "There is a sandwich with chips on the plate. "]
["A man eating food at a baseball game.", "A man eating a hot dog in the stands", "A man eats a hotdog in a stadium.", "an image of a man eating a hot dog bun", "A man in the action of eating a hot dog."]
["A hot dog on a bun with pickle and tomato.", "A sandwich with meat, tomato, lettuce, pickle, and mustard.", "A sandwich with tomatoes and a pickle on it.", "A hot dog bun with various vegetables instead of meat.", "A hot dog on a bun has several garnishments."]
["The hotdog is next to the cup that is on the table. ", "a hot dog in a cardboard stray is next to a cup", "A close up view of a hot dog sandwich and beverage.", "there is a hot dog and a drink on a table", "a hot dog with ketchup and mustard and a drink"]
["A bunch of papers that are sitting on a table.", "A passport rests on a table with tickets and a coffee.", "A piece of cake, coffee cup and passport sitting on a counter.", "A desk with someone's breakfast, passport and airline tickets.", "A coffee cup, food, and a passport sitting near each other."]
["A black and white image of a man biting a donut. ", "There is a man who is eating a sandwich.", "A guy opening his mouth wide for food.", "A person sitting at a table eating a doughnut.", "A man eating a doughnut while sitting down"]
["a male in a brown and white shirt eating a sandwich", "A young man looks at the camera while holding a hot dog. ", "A man with a bite of food in his mouth and sandwich in hand.", "A boy who is in the process of eating a sandwich.", "A young man pauses while eating a sandwich."]
["A white plate topped with a couple of donuts.", "Two donuts are on a plate next to a cup of juice.", "Two donuts sit on a plate next to glasses of orange juice.", "Two doughnuts are displayed on a small white plate along with some drinks.", "Two donuts on a plate and a glass of orange juice on a table."]
["A pile of donuts sits beside a cup of coffee.", "A plate of glazed doughnuts sit on a small saucer.", "White frosted donuts on white plate with cappuccino in brown cup and saucer, on brown table top. ", "Several doughnuts are on a plate next to a cup of coffee.", "A wooden table topped with a white plate of donuts and a cup of coffee."]
["Woman selling doughnuts with doughnut stock in the background.", "a person behind the counter of a bakery", "A cashier standing beside the cashier at a bakery shop. ", "A person standing behind a counter at a doughnut shop.", "A pretty lady working behind the counter at a bakery."]
["A red frosted donut sitting on top of a table.", "a red doughnut is laying on a piece of paper", "A bright red donut sitting on a white paper", "A doughnut on a table in a room.", "A doughnut sits on a napkin, with red frosting and one missing bite."]
["A boy stares at a pizza with a birthday candle in it.", "The young boy is celebrating his 5th birthday.", "a little boy that is looking at a pizza", "Kid looking at something in a box with a five candle in it.", "A young boy looking at his birthday pizza."]
["A male baseball player is taking his swing while others look on. ", "A baseball game is in action as a batter swings.", "The batter is swinging the bat with all of his might.", "Man hitting ball with bat in field fenced with onlookers", "A batter swings his bat at a ball coming toward him. "]
["A little girl is eating a chocolate doughnut.", "A small child eats a chocolate doughnut at a table.", "A little girl eating a chocolate frosted donut.", "A CHILD IS EATING A CHOCLATE DOUGHNOUT ", "A little girl enjoying a sweet confection and awaiting a sugar rush."]
["Donuts going through a machine to be glazed.", "A conveyer belt lined with freshly made doughnuts", "Manufacturing setting with worker at a machine producing glazed donuts.", "Doughnuts getting glazed down the belt at the factory.  ", "Donuts being processed at a bakery, moving along a conveyor."]
["A man with a yellow helmet riding a boogie board down a slide", "A man with a helmet is laying on a water board.", "A man wearing a helmet on a body board in a body of water.", "A man wearing a helmet is propelled through the water on a board. ", "A man in a helmet on a boogie board in water"]
["A young man is performing stunts while skidding across the water.", "A man is riding a wave board in the ocean", "A man is on a water ski and being flipped over", "A person does a trick on a board in water", "A man is doing a trick using his board on the water"]
["a sandwich is cut in half with sodas", "A sandwich with meat and cheese is next to some drinks.", "a sandwich a fork and two soda pops", "A meat and cheese sandwich and bottle drinks sitting on a table.", "A take out sandwich and two bottles of soda."]
["A man wearing sunglasses and eating a pastry.", "A man with sunglasses takes a bite into food. ", "A man with sunglasses is eating a doughnut.", "A man with a mustache eating a doughnut", "A mustached man is eating a glazed donut."]
["The two surfers are walking down the beach.", "two men are carrying their surfboards and heading home", "Two people walking on a beach next to the ocean.", "The surfers are walking on the beach at night.", "The surfers wear wetsuits when they surf in the evening."]
["A group of people sitting outside of a church", "A woman sitting down at a table with a glass.", "A group of people are sitting at tables outside.", "Groups of people are gathered around different tables.", "A group of tables on the lawn near a building"]
["A pot filled with some liquid and parchment paper.", "An aerial view of a large pot of beans and cheddar cheese.", "A white container filled with a speckled type of food.", "A bowl of something sitting on a kitchen table", "There is a white paper filter on some food"]
["A little girl standing next to a soccer ball about to kick it", "A young girl standing next to a soccer ball.", "The small girl focuses on the goal before kicking the ball.", "a small girl standing in front of a soccer ball.", "The young girl is trying to play a game of soccer. "]
["A man is surfing on a crashing wave.", "A surf boarder takes a turn on a rough wave.", "A man surfing on his surf board against the waves", "A man riding a white surfboard on a wave in the ocean.", "A surfer in a wetsuit rides on a wave."]
["a man on a surf board rides the waves ", "A man surfing in a breakwater area with other surfers watching.", "A man is riding a surfboard on some wild waves.", "A man is in the water and riding a surfboard.", "Surfers are standing on the shore as a man is surfing through a wave. "]
["A meat sandwich cut in to three different parts", "some food is out on a white plate", "A sandwich that is sitting on a plate.", "A plate that has a sandwich that is cut into thirds.", "The sandwich is cut into three seperate pieces."]
["There are women wearing glove handling different breads.", "A group of people in a store sampling foodstuffs", "loaves of bread sit on a table at an outdoor market", "A woman in a white apron stands near a table laden with different breads.", "People making and selling bread at a stand."]
["A person riding a wave on top of a board.", "A man leans back to ride a wave on a surf board.", "A person on a surfboard in the water.", "A man riding a surfboard in the ocean. ", "A man is surfing a wave in the ocean."]
["A man surfing on a wave that is very big.", "Several people laying on surfboards paddling to a wave.", "A group of people on surfboards under a large wave.", "Surfers on boards in the midst of a very high wave.", "Several surfers in different positions along a large wave."]
["A man surfing some waves on his white surfboard.", "Surfer at the top of a wave on top of a white board. ", "A surfer catching a wave, while another man paddles over it.", "A man in black wetsuit on a white surfboard.", "A surfer catching a wave on the ocean. "]
["a close up of a cake on a counter ", "A Birthday cake sitting on a table with candles in the cake", "A bottle and candles are sitting on a table with a birthday cake.", "A birthday cake sitting on top of a counter.", "A cake, some liqueur, and some candles are on the kitchen counter."]
["A woman with nice breast holding a book while sitting next to a dog.", "Dog laying next to a person reading a book. ", "A dog is sleeping next to a person reading a book.", "Dog sleeping on a bed with a woman who is reading.", "A dog laying with its face a couch "]
["A man holding a birthday cake with a small child.", "This man and young child are taking a picture with a cake", "A man and child pose for a photo with a cake.", "A MAN HOLDING A CAKE WHILE SITTING NEXT TO A YOUNG BOY", "A man holding a cake and smiling at the camera with a young child."]
["A person's feet crossed at the end of the bed. ", "Apicture of someone laying on the bed with only their feet exposed. ", "A floor lamp lights a room a night. ", "Bedroom with curtains drawn, light on and person laying in bed with only feet showing.", "A lamp and chair with the foot of a bed and a persons feet."]
["Two beds sitting side by side in a hotel room.", "A hotel room has double beds with white and gold bedspreads.", "Two beds in a room with a light and green and white curtains.", "Neat and tidy hotel room with two double beds", "A white and yellow bedroom equipped with two large beds."]
["A living room with sofa, lamp and tv in it.", "A bedroom and living room separated by an archway.", "A green couch in a living room next to a twin bed under a mirror.", "A hotel room complete with a bed, couch and television.", "The view of a living room from a bed room."]
["A motel room bathroom with soap, shampoo and clean hand and face towels.", "A fully stocked and clean hotel bathroom sink.", "A bathroom has small bottles and lots of towels", "A white bathroom sink sitting under a mirror.", "A bathroom sink that has towel hanging on the wall beside it."]
["A girl lays on a bed next to her glasses looking in the mirror", "A pair of glasses are sitting on the bed in the hotel", "A bed with a pair of glasses sitting on top of it.", "A woman takes a selfie in a mirror while laying in bed.", "a person taking a photo in a mirror on a bed"]
["A boat with a bed set by a set of windows.", "a view of the water from inside a boat", "Sleeping cabin on a boat on the water close to shore. ", "View of water from inside boat near bed window.", "A photo of the ocean from a ship window."]
["A white walled bedroom has added flair with pastel quilted bedding.", "Matching cover and pillows decorate a bed situated near a bedroom widow.", "A bed has a checkered homemade quilt on it.", "An empty bed sitting below a window in a bedroom.", "An outdated bedspread in front of a window with open curtains."]
["A case is sitting on top of a bed.", "A bed with covers turned down and a messenger bag against a pillow.", "A bed with three pillows partially turned down with a bag on it.", "a nice looking bed with fancy pillows on it", "A bed that has been made and has several pillows on it."]
["A side table with a lamp and books net to a home library.", "This is one corner of a loving that contains a bookshelf with a lot of books.", "A table with a lamp on top of it next to a couch.", "There are plenty of books to read by the couch. ", "A book case with several books next to a lamp and couch."]
["Two surfers carry their surfboards at the edge of the water.", "Two men with surfboards that are in the sand.", "two people holding surf boards on a beach ", "Two people standing on the beach with surfboards. ", "A pair of men holding surfboards stand on the beach by the water."]
["The view of a hotel bedroom set up.", "A bedroom with large bed and windows and chair.", "a bed room with two beds near one another", "A small room with two beds pushed together and small furnishings.", "Two beds side by side in a room"]
["A room with a bed and a TV mounted to a wall.", "a white bed a window a desk a lamp and a mirror", "A tiny bed occupies a white narrow bedroom.", "a bedroom with a bed, desk and a tv", "A bedroom scene with a bed desk and window."]
["a couple cutting a wedding cake in front of them ", "A couple smiling and  cutting a wedding cake together.", "a newly married couple cutting their wedding cake", "A newly married couple cutting their wedding cake.", "A man and woman are cutting a cake."]
["a couple is cutting in to a cake at a wedding ", "A man and a woman cutting their cake on their wedding day.", "a newley married couple is cutting the wedding cake", "A man and woman that is standing near a cake.", "two people standing near a table cutting a cake "]
["A group of children surrounding a table decorating cake.", "a number of children at a table with cake", "A group of kids cutting into a cake as one boy plays with his utensil.", "Kids around a table messily frosting a sheet cake.", "A bunch of kids eating a cake with green frosting on it."]
["The lamp is on next to a bed with a quilt. ", "A bed with a white com forter and two lamps. ", "A bed sits made with light from a nearby lamp.", "A white bed topped with pillows sitting next to a wooden night stand.", "A bed with a flower quilt, four pillows and two nightstands and lamps."]
["A cake on a pan with a spatula, a flower white with roses and a white beverage holder.", "A table containing a cake and white pitcher.", "Dessert set on a pedestal server with a spatula.", "a close up of a cake on a plate on a table", "A cake on a clear plate sitting on a table. "]
["A bed with white and red sheets and pillows.", "The bed has been made with a thin blanket that matches a pillow.", "A bedspread has a large red stripe down the middle.", "a neatly made bed with a sight stand near", "an image of a bedroom setting with red carpet"]
["A counter top with pizzas placed on top of it.", "A bunch of pizzas that are on a counter.", "Pizzas sitting in a glass case at a restaurant.", "A table full of different types of pizzas.", "This is three different pizzas on a bar at a restaurant."]
["A woman and a little girl are sitting at a table in front a birthday cake. ", "A woman and a girl with a birthday cake on a table.", "A woman sitting next to a little girl near a cake.", "A little girl and woman standing near a birthday with lighted candles.", "A woman talking to a toddler with a cake on the table."]
["A group of people standing on a grass covered shore.", "a group of people that are getting out of a boat", "Woman is receiving help climbing out of water", "a group of people being helped ashore by volunteers", "A lady is being helped up the bank and out of the water."]
["Two pizzas are sitting alongside an almost empty pitcher of wine.", "Slices of pizza and glass of wine displayed on wooden table.", "Two partially eaten pizzas on plates with glasses of wine.", "Pizzas are on a wooden table near a glass and a pitcher of wine.", "A pizza with wine and a can of coca cola and silverware."]
["A man laying in bed next to a painting of a tree.", "A man laying on a bed with a tree on the wall", "a man  laying on a bed with a painting of a tree next to it ", "A man lies in bed smiling surrounded by nature decor.", "A man lays on a bed and smiles to himself."]
["a mattress with a maroon sheet inside a tent.", "A tent with an inflatable bed inside of it.", "A tent is open with a blow up mattress.", "The entrance to the tent is open revealing a dirty bed", "A ten with a large mattress inside of it on the ground."]
["a long skinny bed with a floral blanket on it", "A small bed sits under a tent where the sunlight peeks through.", "A bed with a pillow on top of it next to a white and blue wall.", "a bed with a floral bed sheet and a mauve pillow.", "A covered mattress is on the floor of a tent."]
["some people are taking pictures of a pizza", "A group of people are taking pictures of a pizza.", "Some people gathered around a couple of pizzas.", "A group of people taking pictures of two pizzas in open boxes on a counter", "there are five students taking pictures of two pizzas"]
["A crimped pie crust is on waxed paper.", "pizza dough prepped and laid out on a table top ", "The dough is shaped in a circle on the cloth.", "a pizza shaped circle of round dough on a white surface", "A pile of dough shaped into a pizza crust with twirls in it."]
["The uncooked pizza is on a cutting board with bowls of vegetables.", "A freshly made pizza with cheese, peppers and tomatoes.", "A freshly made pizza is sitting on cutting board next to toppings. ", "A pizza with fresh toppings on a table next to a knife.", "An uncooked pizza with diced meat, tomato, and green onion on top of a cutting board."]
["A woman that is laying upside down on a bed.", "A woman laying on top of a bed in a seductive pose.", "Vertical picture of a woman laying upside down on a bed.", "A woman with her shirt open laying on a bed in a pose with her head hanging off the bed.", "A woman partially undressed woman in black pantyhose lies on a bed."]
["a made bed with four pillows and lamp on a table", "A room view shows a double bed with white linen and pillows, blue underskirt, a standing light on a tiny nightstand, and a picture over the bed.  ", "A made bed with a grey and white comforter and throw pillows. ", "a couple of pillows on a white bed", "A bed next to a nightstand with a light."]
["A chair next to a desk with a lamp, a monitor, a notebook and paper items.", "A desk with a laptop on it and other items. ", "There are a few computers left on, on the desk.", "A computer desk topped with two monitors and a laptop.", "A well kept home office with two computers on the desk."]
["A man and a woman sitting on a couch together.", "A man and woman sitting down eating together.", "A man and a woman having snacks and relaxing.", "Two people sit down eating pizza.from red plates.", "two people sitting on couches holding plates of food"]
["Shot inside a bar from table with a half eaten pizza on it", "A pizza pan with half a pizza left and people in the background.", "A slice of pizza that is sitting on a table.", "Leftover slices of pizza on a plate at a restaurant.", "A half-eaten tomato pizza on a serving platter."]
["Several shots of a man in various positions with a tennis racquet.", "A group of action shots of tennis players on the court.", "Man serving in tennis in a game with other people.", "two different men playing tennis on a court", "Photos show different moves and techniques in tennis."]
["Two dogs curled up asleep on a couch. ", "A large dog laying on a sofa near a large window.", "A couple of dogs laying on a couch in a room.", "Two dogs lying on blanket sleeping on couch.", "Dogs curled up resting on a green couch."]
["A woman cutting a pizza on a wooden surface.", "A woman standing over a pizza on a counter.", "A woman is cutting a pizza on a pizza board with a pizza cutter.  ", "A woman at a long counter is cutting a pizza.", "There is a woman cutting up a pizza"]
["A flat screen TV mounted to a wall over a lamp.", "a hotel room with a flat screen television on the wall, lamps, desk, and wicker chairs", "A Motel room with a writing desk, two chairs and large television.", "A room with a television, desk, two chairs and a sliding door leading outside.", "The hotel room has plenty of lighting and a television."]
["A pan topped with two slices of pizza sitting next to a fork.", "There are two slices of pizza on the plate.", "two pieces of pizza on a plate in a restaurant ", "There is a plate with pizza and a fork on it.", "A plate with two slices of pizza on a table with another plate and glass."]
["Two soldiers standing next to each other in a pharmacy.", "A man and woman at desk with laptop in room.", "One soldier counting pills and another soldier using a laptop.", "A male and female solder standing at a desk in a dispensary.", "Two army personnel are working in a pharmacy."]
["Laptop and desktop computers next to each other on a desk. ", "a laptop with an extra monitor next to it ", "COMPUTER WITH AN EXTRA MONITOR, WITH BRIGHT GREEN SCREENS", "they are two laptops with a green screen.", "A laptop computer sitting next to a computer monitor."]
["A laptop computer sitting on a wooden table.", "A computer desk houses both a laptop and a PC computer and monitor.", "A very neat person lives in this room.", "A laptop computer sits of open on a desk.", "A computer desk has two computers and some books."]
["A pizza with sauce, spinach and cheese on a pan.", "A pizza on an upside down plate on a table.", "A SQUARE PIZZA WITH EXTRA SAUCE ON TOP", "A large type pizza with cheese, spinach, and sauce is on a silver plate.", "a pizza with some extra sauce on the top of it "]
["The personal pizza is next to a plate of french fries.", "a close up of a plate of food on a table with pizza", "Half of a pizza sits on top of plate.", "a table with plates of food like fries and a small pizza ", "pizza and chips which are placed in white plates"]
["Two pictures of people eating some pizza together.", "Round pans displaying pizza slices being eaten by patrons.", "People gather around a few pieces and eat them", "Fully loaded pizza being eaten by a man.", "A table topped with two pizzas with different toppings."]
["Woman wearing glasses eating a large slice of cheese pizza.", "A woman eating a large slice of cheese pizza.", "a woman biting into a large slice of cheese pizza ", "A woman biting into a slice of pizza.", "A woman eating a large slice of pizza."]
["A man cutting food with a knife and a fork", "a man in a white sweater sitting at a table eating a whole pizza pie ", "A man cuts into a pizza on a table", "A man sitting at a table with a plate of food.", "A man cutting a pizza that is in his plate."]
["A couch that over a carpet in a living room.", "a living room with a couch a table and desk", "A shot of a couch near a table and a small flower vase. ", "a living room with a couch, rug and Christmas lights around the window", "A living room that is do stated in neutral colors."]
["A computer desk with a desktop computer on top of it.", "A bedroom nas a large clock on the desk.", "A dorm room has christmas lights around its window.", "A room with a tv, table, chair and monitor screen", "A room with a desk, computer, television, and couch."]
["a person using a remote control next to a cup", "A woman intent on getting her remote to work.", "A woman holding a remote in her hand and pressing a button.", "older woman in glasses, pressing remote and coffee mug in foreground. ", "A remote and cup held by a woman with glasses"]
["A hand holding a remote control next to a bottle of pills.", "A person is holding a remote on a sheet.", "an image of a man with a remote control", "A person holds a controller next to a pill bottle. ", "A person in bed with a remote control and prescription medicine. "]
["A little girl holding a game controller in a room.", "a little girl is holding onto a remote control", "A little girl holds a remote control in her hand.", "A child holds a remote control in her hands. ", "a little girl standing in a living room while holding a big remote "]
["a little girl standing in a room and holding a remote ", "A small child wearing pajamas and holding a remote control.", "A little girl holding a remote control in her hands.", "The small baby is standing with a remote control.", "A small child standing up in a room with a remote control in one hand and the other hand reaching out."]
["A young girl holding a remote control in a living room.", "A child playing on a calculator in their pajamas.", "A small child in pajamas is holding the remote control.", "A kid standing and holding a remote with mouth open..", "A child is holding a remote control in her hand."]
["A remote that is being pointed at a television.", "A TV remote control being held in front of flowers on a screen", "A person holds a remote and points it toward a TV with a large flower pot wit colorful flowers in it", "there is a television that is shooing a vase with flowers ", "A picture of red and yellow flowers on a TV screen with a hand holding a remote."]
["Toothbrushes, toothpaste, mouthwash, and floss, and other dental accessories. ", "a bathroom drawer with labeled toothbrushes and toothpaste ", "A drawer with toothbrushes, covers, toothpaste and mouthwash.", "there are two tooth brushes and many mouth products in the draw", "A couple of toothbrushes and past in a drawer."]
["a cat on a couch near a window ", "An orange and white cat standing on top of a window sill.", "Cat standing on back of couch looking out window.", "A large cat up on a window sill.", "The cat is peering out of the window."]
["A person wearing a stocking cap brushing their teeth ", "a person wearing a ski hat and holding a toothbrush", "A person is brushing their teeth while wearing a hat.", "a close up of a person brushing her teeth", "a female with a beanie hat brushing her teeth."]
["A woman brushing her teeth in a dull light room.", "A woman brushes her teeth and looks at the camera. ", "A woman is using a toothbrush to brush her teeth.", "A young woman brushing her teeth with a yellow handled toothbrush.", "The person is brushing her teeth with a yellow toothbrush. "]
["A computer animated girl brushes her teeth while two adults watch.", "an animation picture of some people getting ready. ", "Simulated photo of girl brushing teeth with adults nearby in room.", "A CGI girl brushing her teeth in front of two CGI adults.", "a picture of some sime characters in a hallway"]
["A picture of a computer and a living room.", "The white desk have a computer monitor on it.", "Nobody is working in the office right now.", "Small television and desk with computer in room with hardwood floors", "A white computer desk with a monitor on top of it next to a mouse."]
["a sink a laptop a tv a couch and large windows", "A kitchen filled with furniture and a sink.", "A living area with with chairs, counter and a television.", "An immaculate contemporary living space has light shining through the windows.", "A black and white kitchen has red and white lights."]
["A couple of men standing in a living room holding Nintendo Wii game controllers.", "Two men playing Wii in a living room ", "Two men playing with an interactive video game.", "Couple of men playing with Nintendo Wii in an apartment.", "Two men are playing a game with remotes."]
["A room filled with lots of furniture and a table.", "A den with a couch, table, radio and a mirror.", "a small living room with antique furniture and old wallpaper", "a black and white photo of a living room with a couch and a table ", "A empty living room that has a table in the center."]
["a group of young people pay nintendo wii", "Teenage kids playing a Wii Game, while others watch.", "A group of people in a room and several of them are in motion holding Wii controllers.", "teenager girls and guys gathering together and playing wii. ", "Wii games entertain this group in the living room."]
["A woman gives a shocked expression while holder a remote control on a couch.", "a woman sitting on top of a couch with a controller.", "A surprised woman holding a video game controller.", "A woman on a couch has a surprised look.", "A surprised-looking woman sitting on a couch holding a remote."]
["A woman standing in front of a flat screen TV.", "A woman standing in a room with a Wii video game remote control in one hand and a television in front of her.", "A young woman is playing with a video game.", "A person is play a video game on the tv", "A girl playing a video game in the living room."]
["A woman in tight pants holding a Wii game controller.", "a woman watching another woman play the wii golf game ", "Two women play a game on a video game console", "A couple of people in a room with a remote.", "One woman with black, tied-back hair plays a golf video game on a Nintendo Wii with another woman in a white shirt."]
["A man sitting next to a boy on a couch holding a Wii game controller.", "A man is sitting next to a little boy on a couch, as they stare at something straight ahead.", "A man and a young boy sitting on a couch.", "A boy plays the Wii as his father watches.", "A man sitting by a boy holding a remote on a couch."]
["Two men standing in a living room holding game controllers.", "Two young men playing a video game in a home setting.", "Two men are playing video games in a room", "Two men are playing video games together in a living room.", "Two men playing video games in a living room. "]
["The living room has windows and a couch and loveseat. ", "a black table a gray couch and some windows", "This living room has grey couches and a black table", "A small living room with windows, sofas and a coffee table.", "Three windows admit light into a small living room."]
["A woman pointing a video game controller directly forward.", "A woman standing with a remote in her hand.", "A woman pointing a Wii remote right at the camera", "A man holding a video game controller and pointing it.", "A Girl pointing a Nintendo Wii remote control "]
["The sun shines through a window into a clean living room with a tile floor.", "A living room with a rug curtains, chair and lamps", "A living room filled with furniture and a flat screen TV.", "A living room with a couch, two chairs, and a TV set.", "a living room with a couch and a tv"]
["A happy couple playing Wii in a bed room", "Two people playing with a Wii in a bedroom. ", "a male and a female are playing a video game", "Two people in a bedroom holding wii remotes.", "A young woman standing in a living room next to a boy."]
["A living room is furnished with old furniture", "Beautiful multicolored couch and chair with red satin pillows.", "a lady sitting down in a living room full of furniture", "A picture of a couch in a room.", "a room that looks like it was furnished by 84 year old people"]
["A living room with many chairs and couches.", "A place with several materials that is comfortable.\n", "Display of antique furniture inside a decorative floral designed living room.", "The room is furnished with antique furniture of different types..", "The room is furnished with several chairs and floral covered couches.  "]
["The furniture in the living room is decorated with flowers.", "The parlor's decor is Victorian inspired, filled with side chairs upholstered in  floral fabrics and solid colors", "A living area with various couches, a fireplace and a television.", "a sitting room with many chairs with dollys on them and pillows ", "a living room with couches and chairs and a fire place"]
["A living room is decorated with floral print.", "A living room filled with chairs, a fireplace, and television. ", "A living area has heavily patterned walls, furniture, and rug.", "A living room with chairs, a piano, and a fireplace.", "A living room with floral patterned walls and chairs."]
["A hipster emo lady standing next to a hipster young man.", "Two kids playing a video game in a retail store.", "A man and woman standing in front of a television.", "Two young people are playing the Wii in a store. ", "A woman with pink hair plays Wii at a store."]
["The dog is laying by himself on the couch. ", "Dog laying down on a grey and yellow striped couch. ", "A dog is resting on a plump chair.", "A beagle leaning it's head over the arm of a couch.", "A dog laying on a sofa in a living room. "]
["a computer screen with a keyboard and mouse on a desk", "A big computer table with computer, keyboard,mouse,speakers and laptop.", "There is the job dude of a office with desk", "There's a computer monitor on a desk with speakers around it", "A computer set up on a wooden desk."]
["A keyboard sits on top of the keyboard of an open laptop computer.", "A keyboard sitting on a laptop that has a keyboard already.", "A computer keyboard lying on top of a laptop computer.", "a keyboard laying on top of a laptop", "a computer keyboard sitting on a laptop keyboard "]
["A Christmas tree with a bunch of presents under it.", "a christmas tree with some presents sitting under neath it ", "a christmas tree is in a white walled room", "Presents under a holiday tree in the living room. ", "Presents surround a Christmas tree in front of a fireplace."]
["A desk with a chair, computer, laptop and a book.", "Someone has been doing work at this desk.", "A desk with a laptop, monitor, keyboard and mouse.", "A desk is neatly arranged with various items used for work.", "A work desk with computer, laptop, and books"]
["The bright computer monitor is sitting on the corner desk.", "a desk with a desktop computer and electronics on top of it. ", "The computer desk has many office electronics on it.", "Papers and boxes with a computer on a corner desk", "A computer desk with clutter of surrounding the monitor."]
["A computer keyboard sitting on top of a desk.", "A black computer keyboard on a desk with pens.", "A close up view of a sleek computer keyboard on a desk.", "A computer keyboard is polished and shiny sitting on a desk.", "a black computer keyboard on a wooden desk"]
["A black computer keyboard sitting on a table.", "AN IMAGE OF BLACK KEYS ON A KEYBOARD ", "A close up shot of a keyboard and wrist pad", "Close up of a keyboard used for a desktop computer.", "An extreme close up of an expensive gaming keyboard."]
["A black computer keyboard with one red button on a table top.", "This is a close up of a keyboard. ", "close up of the zoom button a computer keyboard", "Different side buttons on a clean black keyboard", "A computer keyboard sitting on a white counter."]
["A black computer keyboard on top of a white surface.", "A keyboard with several outer buttons as options on it.", "A computer keyboard sitting on top of a desk.", "A keyboard or a phone for making calls", "A close up of the ten key on a keyboard."]
["A view of a keyboard from up close and on the side.", "These are keys on a computer keyboard. ", "A close up image of a computer keyboard", "a button on a black keyboard on a desk", "a keyboard sits on a table top "]
["A semi-outdoor living area with a sofa chairs and coffee table.", "a cozy living room with a couch and two chairs, a coffee table and lamp", "A living room that has wooden furniture and a big window.", "The living room furniture is of a simple mission style.", "The living room has wooden furniture and hard wood floors."]
["There is a desktop computer with a monitor and keyboard.", "A black key board sits on a polished wooden desk.", "Four up close pictures of a computer keyboard", "A computer keyboard and screen monitor on a desk.", "A computer keyboard on top of a wooden desk."]
["An old man sitting next to a graffiti covered wall while holding a music keyboard.", "An older gentleman playing a keyboard in the street", "An elderly man playing music on a keyboard.", "Man sitting next to a concrete wall playing a piano on his lap. ", "A man sitting on a chair playing a keyboard"]
["a man standing in front of a blue wall ", "A man talks on a phone in a room with blue wallpaper.", "a man holding a cell phone standing in front of blue wallpaper with designs and a large wall vent", "A man on a cell phone by a bright blue wall.", "A man holding a phone to his ear"]
["The building stands tall against a clear blue sky.  ", "a white square building  some trees and flowers", "Tall white building near a park with flowers and trees.", "a tall tower with trees in the fore ground", "A tall building alongside other buildings stands behind a tree."]
["A group of people standing around a lush green field holding a kite.", "A woman holds a string while a man handles a kite and a little girl and another boy are near them on grass.", "A family prepares to fly a kite by the waterside. ", "A family preparing to launch a kite at a waterside park.", "A woman and man hold a kite with two children nearby. "]
["A big guy with a bear flying a kite in the sky.", "Man with camera holding kite in park setting.", " a man is holding a tazmanian devil kite ", "A man in green wears a camera around his neck and holds a kite.", "The man is flying his kite in the park. "]
["A couple of people in the water with a kite.", "Some people out in the water with a sail in the sky.", "A couple of people standing in the water under a kite.", "People standing in the ocean flying a kite at the beach.", "A couple of people standing in the ocean under a kite."]
["A girl is flying a kite and a woman is walking away from her. ", "A young child standing on a field next to an adult.", "Two people flying a kite in a cloudy sky.", "Two people standing in a grassy field with a kite in the sky.", "two people standing in a field on al cloudy day flying a kite"]
["A crowd of people fly kites on a hill.", "A crowd of people flying kites in grey cloud filled sky.", "A group of people flying kites on a hill on a cloudy day.", "People at the park flying kites and walking", "People gathered on a hill, some flying kites."]
["A man looks excited and holds up his kite", "a man in a green shirt is flying a kite and other people", "A man holding a kite string in a public park.", "A person that is in the grass with a kite.", "A close-up of a man holding the strings of a kite."]
["A group of people standing on top of a sandy beach.", "A picture of people on the beach flying kites. ", "A crowd of people are flying kites with long tails on the beach.", "A group of people standing on the beach flying kites", "Several people flying colorful kites on a beach."]
["A tall tower with a clock on a large building.", "A brown building has a clock tower and a flag.", "This building has a clock and a flag near the top of it.", "A brown square-shaped building with a porch and a clock.", "A clock on a brick building and a blue sky."]
["A young blond boy flying a yellow kite.", "A young boy flying a kite with his friends", "A little boy wearing a black and red shirt flying a kite.", "A little boy that is looking up at a kite.", "A boy flying an orange kite in the sky."]
["A group of people are gathered to listen to the music outside.", "A crowd of people standing in front of a stage with a rock band on top of it.", "A band playing on a portable stage for a crowd in a town square.", "A group of people gathering to watch a music group play.", "Individuals are up and doing something fun today. \n"]
["A man and a woman holding a shark kite on a beach.", "A young woman standing next to a man with two kites on a beach.", "Two people on a beach flying kites in the sun.", "A man and a woman are flying kites along the shore.", "A woman smiles holding kites strings as a boy holds the kite."]
["A young man holding a kite on the sandy beach", "A boy holding a kite preparing to uplift it.", "A boy holding a kite on a beach near the ocean.", "a boy on the beach playing with a kite", "A boy on the beach holding kite in both hands."]
["A crowd of people walking down a street.", "Many people walk on the narrow street underneath many strings with flags on them.", "A large group of people on a city street.", "There are a bunch of people in the street.", "there are many people that can be seen walking in the street"]
["A baseball game in progress, photographed through a fence.", "a group of guys playing baseball on a field", "a baseball player prepares to hit the ball", "A batter up to bat at a baseball game ", "baseball players playing base ball on a open field "]
["Many people are walking over a bridge near a clock tower. ", "A bridge overlooking a body of water and a tower clock.", "there is a long bridge with a tower behind it", "A bridge with many people walking down it . ", "a tall clock tower near a body of water "]
["A bridge stands over a river before a city sky line.", "View of Big Ben and other buildings along the Thames", "A bridge with a boat passing under it and a clock tower in background.", "The castle stands alone in front of the older buildings.", "A picture of a boat going under a bridge in London."]
["A baseball bat, ball and glove laying on a playing field", "A ball, bat and baseball glove laying on the ground.", "A baseball bat, catcher's mitt, and baseball lying on a playing field.", "A Baseball bat, ball and glove sitting on a sports field.", "A baseball bat and glove sitting on the ground."]
["A man holding a baseball bat on a field.", "A batter waits for the pitcher to throw the baseball.", "Baseball players in a dugout watch as a man holds a baseball bat over the home plate of a baseball diamond.", "batter on the field in the middle of a game", "A baseball player waiting for a pitch to be thrown."]
["a batter swinging a bat at a ball at a baseball game", "A person swings his bat at a baseball game.", "a baseball game in progress with a player in motion", "a baseball player swinging a baseball bat at a ball", "A baseball player at bat, swinging at a pitch."]
["Two young sexy women holding tennis racquets and tennis balls.", "A pair of young women hold tennis balls and rackets.", "Two women on a tennis court with tennis rackets and balls.", "two female tennis players standing with their rackets", "Two women with tennis rackets and balls are standing."]
["A female tennis player waits for the ball on a clay court.", "A female tennis player waits for the tennis ball.", "A girl crouched down holding a tennis racket. ", "A woman holding a tennis racket on a court.", "woman squatting in a tennis court with tennis racket"]
["A man hitting a tennis ball on the court ", "A tennis player in the middle of a tennis match", "A man who is swinging his tennis racket.", "A man in a blue shirt and blue shoes is playing tennis. ", "Tennis player attempting to hit an incoming ball"]
["A woman smiles with a bite of pizza in her mouth.", "A woman sitting biting into some pizza, by a full pizza in a box", "Girl eating pizza from a box in a restaurant", "A woman sitting at a table with a box of pizza.", "A girl happily eating a pizza in a restaurant. "]
["Person sitting in chair next to table with large pizza on serving tray.", "A woman sits near a large pizza with sausage and peppers on it.", "a person is sitting near a pizza on a pan", "A person sitting at a table in front of a pizza with onions, peppers, tomatoes and meat.", "A woman sitting in front of a pizza covered in toppings on a table."]
["A women playing tennis on a blue tennis court.", "A woman is playing tennis and is standing with her right leg up in the air.", "a woman with a hat holding a tennis racquet", "This woman is playing tennis on a court.", "A woman playing tennis on a professional tennis court."]
["a person sitting at a table eating food from a plate.", "A person holding a slice of pizza while sitting at a table.", "A person eating a meal with their hands.", "Someone picking up some food off a plate.", "A person eating a piece of pizza and a cup of tea"]
["A half eaten pizza on top of a pan next to a role on a plate.", "Two pieces of pizza on a plate with a small servor.", "some pizza on a silver plate and a pizza cutter ", "Pizza with green vegetables sitting on a serving dish. ", "A partially eaten pizza meal remains on a table. "]
["A man standing next to a woman on a tennis court.", "A man and woman are standing on the tennis court", "A man and woman standing on a tennis court", "A man is holding a tennis racket near a woman on a tennis court.", "A man holding a tennis racquet is standing next to a girl. "]
["A man prepares to serve a tennis ball.", "a person is holding a ball and tennis racket", "A man is preparing to serve his ball.", "A man with long hair is about to hit a tennis ball.", "A guy holding a tennis ball in one hand with a tennis racket in his other hand. "]
["A man holding a tennis racquet while on a tennis court.", "a tennis player with a racket on a court", "A person readies to use their tennis racket. ", "A guy playing tennis on the tennis court. ", "A tennis player crouching waiting for the ball to be hit to him "]
["A man is standing in the sun playing tennis.", "A tennis player has just hit the ball back to the opponent.", "A man playing tennis is getting ready to return a volley..", "A man holds out his Wilson tennis racket as he steps forward.", "the man is swinging a tennis racket "]
["A man holding a racquet on top of a tennis court.", "a man with a tennis racket reaches for a ball ", "a man with a tennis racket is running on a court", "A young man is playing a game of tennis.", "A tennis player in a blue shirt runs toward a ball."]
["A young person who is going to hit a ball with a bat.", "The tennis player will be serving in an important match.", "there is a man wearing a blue shirt about to serve the tennis ball", "A person on a field with a tennis racket.", "Roger Federer is holding the tennis ball and tennis racquet.  "]
["A woman serves a ball with a clock in the background.", "a man jumping up to hit a tennis ball with a racket", "A young man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "Black and white image of a male tennis player jumping to return a tennis volley.", "A tennis player serving the ball to his oppenent"]
["a black and white photo of a bearded man playing tennis", "A young man swinging a tennis racket with two hands.", "A man hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.", "A man is playing a game of tennis.", "A man mid swing with a tennis racket."]
["A man swinging a tennis racquet at a clock.", "A man that is in the air with a racquet.", "A make tennis player jumping in the air and swinging his tennis racket with one arm.", "There is a man playing a game of tennis.", "a man is holding a tennis racket at a game"]
["A man sitting at a counter with half of a pizza.", "A MAN IS ORDERING FOOD AT THE BAR", "Two men in a kitchen are opening frozen pizzas.", "Man in black shirt sitting at a kitchen table holding a pizza. ", "two guys eating pizza from a box in a kitchen"]
["A eggy casserole is shown from the inside.", "THERE IS DIFFERENT TYPES OF FOOD ON THE TABLE", "a meat lovers pie sits on top of a silver slab ", "two pictures of food one has a piece missing", "a brown bread on a plate well made and ready to be eaten"]
["Four men standing next to each other posing for a picture. ", "there are four men dressed up and taking a picture", "A group of men in white shirts with tennis gear.", "A group of men that are standing together.", "Pair of adults and teens having silly fun. "]
["A woman holding a tennis racquet at night with a tower over her shoulder.", "A very cute female tennis player in a dark place.", "A woman is standing and holding a racket ", "A woman that is holding a racquet in her hand.", "a female tennis player in a black and white top playing tennis"]
["A black clock tower with a white sky in the background.", "a clock on top of a building with a sky in the bakground", "A green dome on a building has a a large clock.", "Top of a tall building showing a green dome and a clock.", "A view of a clock tower with a white clock in the middle. "]
["A red vase holding two red flowers, and a vintage-style alarm clock, all arranged in the corner of a windowsill.", "A tall pink vase has a few pink flowers in it", "An orange vase with two orange flowers and a clock on a window sill.", "A red flower vase placed next to a clock on a window sill.", "A vase with flowers next to a clock"]
["Two laptops, many papers, desk chair, file cabinets, overheard cabinets, and other small objects fill a carpeted cubical space.", "a cubicle cluttered with paperwork, a computer and a laptop", "A small office with a desktop computer and a laptop.", "A cluttered office desk and polka dot chair", "A cubicle in an office with workspace, computers, chair and file cabinet."]
["A man is working at a desk on his laptop.", "a man wearing a black wife beater using a laptop.", "A man in a black tank top sits at a desk with a laptop.", "A man sitting at a desk working with a laptop computer.", "A man in a black tank top sits at a large wooden desk while looking at an open keyboard."]
["A blurry photo of two laptops and a computer monitor.", "An office scene showing a multi- screen computer set up.", "A computer desk top with laptops and a monitor.", "This is a fuzzy view of two laptops and a monitor on a desk.", "Some computer screens sitting on top of a desk. "]
["A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "A black laptop next to some headphones and a mouse.", "Mouse connected to a laptop with a game of computer pool on the screen", "A lone laptop with black earphones and a black mouse.", "A desk that has a computer, mouse and earphones sitting on it."]
["A woman standing beside a Christmas decorated street post.", "A woman standing next to a clock on a pole with a red ribbon and Christmas wreath around it,", "Woman standing beside clock with Roman numerals on sidewalk", "A woman is standing next to a pole with a clock on it.", "A lady is taking a photo near a clock pole that is decorated. "]
["flower arrangement in a basket with purple and blue flowers", "A bakes with purple and white flowers along with greens.", "Purple and blue flowers in a small basket.", "A close up shot of a set of flowers. ", "A basket filled with blue and purple flowers. "]
["A computer with cables plugged in is shown.", "A soda can sitting next to a laptop and remote control.", "a red laptop a coca cola can and some wires", "A desk with a laptop and coke can .", "A can of coke is sitting on a desk next to a laptop and remote"]
["A young man stands holding a laptop open, while another holds a toy truck, and a third man examines something behind screen of the open lap top, near a sandbox play area.", "Group of guys playing with and working on a remote control vehicle", "Several men look at a remote control car and a laptop.", "A man holding a laptop engages with a man holding a remote controlled vehicle.", "one man looks at a laptop and two others look at a toy truck on a beach"]
["A laptop computer with a phone and mouse on top of it.", "A red laptop with a phone and a mouse sitting on it.", "A red cell phone is sitting on top of a red laptop beside a computer mouse. ", "a red laptop with a red phone and mouse", "A mouse and cell phone sitting on top of a laptop"]
["a table with electronics and a television on it ", "a desk with a lapyop a keyboard and mouse ", "Table with chairs and computer monitor with door open", "A computer is sitting on the desk with the blue screen of death.", "A table filled with many laptops and computers."]
["a woman is sitting at a small table", "A woman is sitting down at a table.", "A woman using ear buds seated on a sofa near a table.", "a lady that is looking at her laptop", "A woman sitting at a table with headphone's in her ears."]
["An open laptop computer sitting on top of a table.", "A laptop is near a plate of food and a beverage.", "A table with a sandwich, glass of beer an a laptop.", "Laptop computer and glass of beer and plate of food beside it.", "A small plate of food sits next to a laptop."]
["a tall brick building with a black and white clock at the top of the building", "a couple of buildings in a city at night", "a clock is mounted on a building in a city with many other large buildings, at night.", "A building that has a clock on it.", "The cityscape includes skyscrapers and building with a clock in the background. "]
["Someone has placed a can of beer on the edge of a laptop.", "A laptop screen open with images on the side of it. ", "A person with a laptop on their lap and a can.", "An open laptop computer sitting on top of a lap.", "A laptop with a can of soda or beer placed on it. "]
["An old ornamental building features many beautiful windows and a clock.", "A tall building has a clock on its tower.", "Looking up at the architecture of a church with a clock steeple", "An old church complete with a steeple and clock tower.", "An tall, ornate church with lots of windows dominates the scenery."]
["A clock tower is featured against a cloudy blue sky.", "A clock in the tower of a city building.", "A large building with a clock tower. ", "A picture of a clock tower against the sky.", "a short clock tower on top of a building"]
["A laptop computer with a beer sitting next to it on a table.", "A lap top shows a jeep driving on a dirt road", "A cold beer is placed just to the right of a laptop.", "An open laptop computer sitting on top of a white table.", "A laptop computer sitting on a table with a glass of beer."]
["Ship's clocks and barometers displayed on a rope edged wooden board", "There are two time clocks and three weather related meters on display.", "A clock is beside five different gauges mounted on wood.", "Several clocks and gauges inlaid in a wood stand.", "Assortment of gauges and clocks displayed on wooden board."]
["An orange and yellow flower sitting in a see through humming bird.", "A flower is next to a small glass bird.", "Bright yellow flower mid bloom with glass bird.", "A glass bird has a yellow flower in it.", "a hummingbird feeder sits in a tree branch"]
["there is a glass of beer sitting next to a laptop", "Laptop on a table next to a glass of beer.", "A close shot of a laptop with a glass of beer and chips. ", "A glass of beer that is sitting next to a laptop.", "a laptop computer in use with a beer next to it"]
["A little girl crying with one hand on a laptop.", "A child standing next to a bed with a laptop.", "a baby crying while playing with a black laptop", "A girl standing with her hand on a laptop next to a tablet and remote controllers.", "A baby girl has her hand on a laptop and looks upset and about to cry."]
["A laptop laying on a wooden table in a room.", "A laptop computer is sitting on a table.", "this lap top has duct tape on the side of the screen", "A laptop computer sitting on a wooden desk. ", "A close up shot of a laptop's keyboard and screen. "]
["A stuffed teddy bear sitting with books on top of it.", "Someone is holding a teddy bear in a plaid dress.", "a person is touching a small stuffed bear", "A woman's hand resting on a brown stuffed animal.", "A person wearing a wedding ring has their hand on a teddy bear. "]
["a teddy bear wearing a green robe ", "A teddy bear is wearing a green robe on a table.", "a bear dressed in a robe on the table", "A teddy bear clothed in a green and white robe.", "There is a teddy bear wearing a robe."]
["A crowd of teddy bears link a wall and on top of a surface. ", "A lot of stuffed animals that are hanging up.", "A group of identical teddy bears on shelves.", "We see a picture of many many teddy bears.", "Dozens of stuffed teddy bears on a rack and in a pile."]
["A laptop sits on a counter by a window overlooking airport terminals. ", "The laptop is next to a glass of fluid and a surge protector. ", "View of an airport from a place that serves beer.", "A laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.", "Laptop computer next to assortment of snacks and beverages on counter with view of airport gate area."]
["so many people using laptops at a meeting", "a bunch of young people on their lab tops. ", "a group of people that are sitting with laptops", "there are many people sitting using lap tops", "People with laptops on their laps sitting in a line against a wall."]
["A hand holding a blue and black cellphone.", "A hand is holding a device with a video on it.", "A young lerson holding a camera with a picture on its screen.", "a close up of a person holding a cell phone", "A close up of a person holding up a cell phone taking a picture."]
["A man standing in front of a mirror in front of two laptops.", "a mans reflection in the mirror as he uses a laptop computer", "A man is sitting at a small desk with a lap top.", "A man is sitting in front of his computer ", "A person is on a laptop looking in a mirror."]
["A woman puts her fork to a plate with an omelette and toast. ", "The person eat the eggs and toast at the green table.", "The plate contains toast and eggs with vegetables mixed in.  ", "A plate of food with eggs and some toast.", "A close of of a person holding a fork in front of a plate of food."]
["A woman holding a case with a  laptop inside", "A group of people sitting at a table around an open laptop computer.", "Three people gather around a laptop to talk.", "an open case holding an old keyboard in it ", "A woman opens the lid of a laptop built into a suitcase."]
["A woman is holding a pizza in a field in front of an outdoor oven.", "Woman in front of an outdoor oven displaying pizza", "A smiling woman in a green dress cooking food.", "a lady with food stands in front of a furnace ", "A picture of a person holding some food."]
["a decorated vase is sitting on the table top", "An ornate vase is sitting on a counter.", "A vase in a case next to other items. ", "this old ceramic vase sits in a display case", "A shapely and artful vase atop a counter."]
["A glass of alcohol next to an open laptop computer.", "A laptop with an open web page and a drink to the side. ", "A large beverage is sitting next to an Apple Laptop", "An open laptop with a tall glass next to it.", "A glass of beer sitting next to a laptop."]
["a laptop on a table with some stickers on it", "a dell lap top with lots of different stickers on it ", "A man with his hand rested on a table near a laptop with stickers on it. ", "THERE IS A LAP TOP THAT HAS STICKERS ON THE TABLE ", "A laptop with a variety of stickers on its front case."]
["A smiling woman holding up a black laptop.", "Am older lady with glasses holding up a laptop.", "A woman holding up a laptop while sitting on a couch.", "An older woman sitting in a couch holding a laptop up.", "A woman sitting on a couch holding a laptop"]
["People are eating at an outdoors restaurant in a black and white photo.", "A number of people sitting and eating at outdoor tables.", "a black and white photo of people siting at different tables", "A group of people sitting outside at a restaurant.", "A group of people that are sitting around tables."]
["A man holding an apple device up to his face.", "A smiling man holding a cell phone by his face.", "A man holding an iPhone up to his face.", "A guy is posing for the camera with his IPOD. ", "A bearded man with glasses is holding an iPhone. "]
["The back of an iphone in front of a destk.", "A man holding a silver colored iPhone cell phone.", "Small apple cell phone image from the back of a silver case.", "A person holding an older version of an ipod.", "A person in an office holding an Apple cell phone."]
["A person is holding a cell phone sideways in their hand.", "The side of a cell phone being held up by a man's hand.", "This is a picture of the side of a persons cell phone.", "A person holding a smart phone edge on to show the memory card slot.", "A picture of a side view of a cell phone. "]
["A white dog having its hair blown dry by a man.", "a person holding a blow dryer up to a dog sitting before the person.", "A man blow drying a dog in front of a curtain.", "A dog being blown dry by a man.", "A dog being blow dried by a groomer."]
["a man standing next to red checkered tables near trash cans.", "A patio with trash cans attached to the fence.", "A pleasant event with people sitting and standing as they enjoy themselves.", "several men sitting down and one standing up next to red picnic tables.", "A man talking on the phone by some benches"]
["A bunch of teddy bears with umbrellas sitting on display.", "Multiple stuffed bears sitting under umbrellas with bowls.", "Several teddy bears are posed beneath small colorful umbrellas", "The teddy bears are about to have their own picnic.", "Several teddy bears posed in a summer beach scene."]
["A woman in green shirt sitting next to plate of food.", "A woman posing in front of a plate of chicken salad.", "a woman in a green shirt at a table with food and a drink", "a woman sits in front of a plate of food ", "A woman sitting at a table with a plate."]
["A man sitting at a table with two waffles on it.", "A man sitting at a table in a restaurant eating waffles.", "a man sitting down with a plate with two food items on it.", "An old man with eyeglasses having a plate of donuts on his table", "A man in a suit eats waffles while a group of people eat in the background."]
["A woman wearing a blouse and devil horns hold a cell phone to her ear.", "A picture of a woman on a cellphone with devil horns.", "Woman with long hair wearing two red horns on her head", "A dark haired woman wearing horns talking on a cell phone.", "A woman is talking on her cell phone with red horns on her head."]
["A man holding a camera and talking on a phone.", "a guy carrying a camera and talking on his cell phone", "A man talks on a cell phone while holding a camera.", "A man with a camera talking on a cell phone.", "Camera in hand he is getting directions to the event."]
["A white microwave oven sitting on top of a counter.", "A kitchen slab on which there is a microwave and few cups are kept in a tray. ", "A microwave sitting on a wood top counter", "A white microwave is sitting on a counter.", "A microwave is shown on top of a counter."]
["an old rusty refrigerator is abandoned in a field. ", "an old refrigerator sits in a field by itself", "A rusty old refrigerator standing in the woods during autumn", "An old ice box in the middle of the woods", "An old, rusty fridge is placed in the grass. "]
["a kid holding a cell phone on her ears", "a little girl that is on a cell phone", "A young child talking on a cell phone wearing a colorful stripped shirt.", "The little girl is playing on the cell phone.", "A child holding a cell phone to its ear."]
["A hand is holding a small device to watch a video.", "A hand holding a smart phone with a picture of a singer on it.", "A woman's hand holding a music device playing a song.", "A woman with long nails charging an ipod", "A lady playing a song on an MP3 player."]
["A baby in a softly colorful padded chair, holding a red plastic toy.", "a small kid chewing on a toy ", "a close up ofa child with a toy cell phone in its mouth", "Young child sitting in car seat with toy next to door.", "A baby in a bouncy seat chewing on a plastic toy."]
["The woman smiles as she is talking on her cell phone. ", "A woman sitting outside talking on her cell phone", "A woman sitting down holding a cell phone up to her ear", "A young woman talks on her cell phone.", "a woman on her cell phone appears smiling and relaxed"]
["A man standing in front of a counter talking on a phone.", "a man with a cell phone that is looking down", "A guy wearing a suit in a clothing store talking on a cell phone. ", "there is a man in a suit store talking on the phone", "A man wearing glasses and a brown suite standing at a counter on a cellphone."]
["A man with a camera has a smoke in his mouth.", "A man with a cigarette in his mouth holding a cell phone in his hand.", "The man looks at a cell phone with an unlit cigarette in his mouth.", "A man with a smoke is holding his flip phone. ", "there is a man taking a picture with his cigarette in his mouth "]
["A man in uniform talking on a cell phone in a living room.", "A military man in his dress uniform on a cell phone.", "It's strange to see a bow tie with a military uniform.", "A man in a military uniform talking on the phone.", "A man in a military uniform is talking on a cell phone."]
["A couple of women sitting next to each other.", "The woman are standing in the crowd drinking and on their cellphones. ", "Black and white photograph of a woman looking at a cellphone.", "One woman with hat and one woman with cup texting on their cell phones.", "A woman sitting next to another woman who is holding a cup and looking at her cellphone."]
["A man holding his cell phone in his hand. ", "A man us holding a clip Baird and looking at simething", "A man with a clipboard and blue tooth headset looking at his cell phone", "The man is sing his cellphone while standing holding a clipboard.", "A man in a blue shirt and ear piece holds a clip board."]
["A group of people sitting and standing around a table with beverages.", "six seven persons are enjoying a drink party.", "A group of friends chatting around a square table with drinks.", "A group of men and women are sitting at a table full of bottles and glasses of beverages. ", "Many people are hanging out at their table with some drinks. "]
["A man in a suit talking on a cell phone while sitting on a train.", "The man is talking on his phone while riding.", "A man in a suit and tie on the phone", "A man in a business suit takes a call while looking out the window.", "a man sitting down talking on a cell phone while looking out a window "]
["two men sitting  at a table one looking at his phone ", "Two older men having a drink at a table outside, while one looks at his phone", "an older man holding up a phone sitting at a table with another man.", "A couple of men at a table with some bottles and a cell phone.", "Two Jewish men sit at a table with bottles while one uses his phone."]
["Someone holding a  smart phone in their left hand.", "a woman shows off her nice LG phone.", "A woman holding a cell phone with her reflection in the screen.", "a person holding a smart phone in their hand ", "A person holding a silver cell phone in their hand."]
["a little boy is holding up a cell phone", "A little boy is laughing with his mouth open as he holds open a cell phone. ", "a kid smiles as he holds a cell phone", "A boy holding a cell phone with his picture on it. ", "a young boy holding a cell phone with a picture of himself"]
["a phone with lines running on the sreen", "a person holding a mobile phone with colorful lines on the screen", "Someone is displaying a colorful pinstripe wallpaper on a cell phone.", "Colored lines on the screen of a cell phone", "A person holding a cellphone and sitting next to a group of other people."]
["A woman talking on a cell phone near a wedding dress.", "There is a woman standing in corner on the phone.", "A woman standing in a corner talking on a cell phone.", "A woman talking on a phone next to a woman in a  wedding dress.", "A woman standing near the wall is making a call on a cellphone."]
["A man sitting in a car holding up a cellphone camera.", "A person looking at the back of a cell phone while holding a camera.", "A person holding an open mobile phone and a camera. ", "A person holding a camera in one hand and a cell phone in the other.", "A person holding a cell phone in one hand and a camera in the other."]
["a kitchen with some missing appliances in it.", "A chrome microwave hanging on a wall in a kitchen under construction. ", "A microwave is on the wall in an empty kitchen.", "A kitchen is torn apart and messy with multiple unkempt areas.", "A microwave with a piece of paper on it in a torn up kitchen."]
["A type of oven in an unfinished room.", "A small stove and cooking set-up for a rustic experience. ", "A old fashioned kitchen with working stove cooking something in a pot.", "An old oven and stove sits on a shelf in a kitchen.", "a kitchen area with a dutch oven and a stove."]
["Two photos of two people looking at each other.", "A man and a woman standing in front of a freezer refrigerator.", "Two photo's of a man and woman standing next to a stainless steel refrigerator.", "A refrigerator makes the perfect spot for fish tales.", "The man and woman congregate outside of the refrigerator."]
["A baby standing by a refrigerator with an object in hand.", "A baby grabs a magnet from the refrigerator. ", "A baby standing next to a refrigerator reaching for a magnet. ", "A young child curiously examines a refrigerator magnet.", "A baby girl playing with magnets on a refrigerator."]
["A short black and white clock tower above a sign", "A large clock towers on top of a building.", "There is a place with a grand clock at the top.", "A clock tower above a building shows the time", "A clock tower sitting on top of a building."]
["A college student holds open the refrigerator doors", "a boy is standing behind two open refrigerator doors", "Smiling person standing in front of refrigerator with both doors open.", "A man standing inside of an open refrigerator freezer.", "A young man stands infront of an open fridge."]
["A clock mounted inside of a purple bag.", "A clock is made from different colored bags stacked on top of each other.", "A sculpture made to look like shopping bags displays a clock.", "a clock on top of some bag designed sculptures", "a shopping bag with a clock mounted on it"]
["Two teddy bears are sitting together in the grass.", "Two teddy bears that are sitting next to each other.", "Two teddy bears are resting against a white ledge. ", "Two stuffed animals that are leaning against a wall.", "Two stuffed bears have shirts on their heads. "]
["A woman using a blow dryer on a child in front of a table.", "A person is holding a blow dryer next to a kid.", "A child smiles as a woman uses a blow drier on him.", "A woman is pointing a blow dryer at a kid.", "A child with wet hair in a towel laughs as a woman holds a hair dryer up to his body."]
["A woman using a blow dryer to dry off a child.", " A woman using a blow dryer on a kid wrapped in a blue towel.", "A woman is drying a small child off with a blow dryer.", "The women blow dries the little boy while he is wet.", "A grandma drying her granddaughter off after a bath. "]
["a small child is getting his hair blow dried ", "a kid blowing his hair looks into the mirror", "A woman blow drying and combing sons hair", "A woman blow drying a child's hair with a dryer and brush.", "a woman blow drys a small kids hair "]
["A woman sitting under a hair dryer in a salon.", "Two women in a salon one with her head in a hairdryer.", "The women are getting their hair done in the salon. ", "a couple of women sitting at a hair salon. ", "A lady sit under a dryer smiling with roller in her head with a smiling lady behind her."]
["A woman with her hair in rollers under a salon blow dryer", "A woman that is holding a green paper.", "A woman with her hair in curlers and under a dryer.", "a close up ofa person with rollers in her hair ", "A middle aged woman in curlers sitting under a hair dryer."]
["a women combing her young daughters hair ", "A girl reluctantly has her hair brushed by a woman in a camping chair. ", "an adult sitting down brushing a childs hair ", "A woman that is sitting near a little girl.", "a women brushing a little girls hair outside"]
["A woman squatting on the ground brushing her hair.", "A older woman sitting on the ground while brushing her hair.", "An old woman sitting next to leaves outside.", "An ethnic woman sitting on a dirt road grooming her hair.", "a person sitting down with her hands in the air"]
["Four people gathered at a steel table with utensils. ", "A group of people are wrapping silverware from baskets", "A group of people standing around a kitchen preparing food.", "A group of young people wiping off silverware.", "Several young people preparing food from wicker baskets"]
["A yellow tray topped with a cup of coffee and a donut.", "A dining tray holding a donut, spoon, and cup of coffee.", "There is a pastry and a cup of coffee on the tray.", "There is coffee, butter, a donut and a spoon on a tray.", "A yellow tray containing a pastry and a cup of coffee."]
["the plate has a lite candle and it says happy birthday on it", "A birthday candle next to fruit on a plate.", "Happy birthday is written on a plate with a small piece of cake and a candle.", "A slice of cake appears on a plate which says \"Happy Birthday\".", "a table filled with dirty plates of food and one with writing on it "]
["Clock with Roman numerals atop a tower on a street corner.", "A black clock tower with a roman numeral face.", "A large outdoor clock with Roman numerals standing under a tree.", "Looking up at a lamp post clock on a city street", "The tower in town has a clock displayed on it. "]
["A high clock tower standing in the sunlight.", "A clock tower stands above a large building.", "A large tall tower with a clock on the top.", "A clock tower stands high over an old classical building.", "a building attached to a tall clock tower"]
["The clock is built into the side of a brick wall near a statue of two cranes. ", "The bronze birg statue is in front of the old building.", "A statue of birds sitting in front of a building that has a clock on it.", "A bird statue that is sitting in front of a clock.", "A bronze statue of two swans and a clock on the face of a building in the background"]
["A small clock tower sitting in the middle of a lobby.", "A model of a clock tower in a room", "A structure with a large clock on the top. ", "A clock tower stands in a shopping mall.", "A large clock is on display at a shopping venue."]
["A tray topped with lots of breakfast foods.", "A tray with a plate of pancakes and a plate with bacon and eggs and cucumbers and a cell phone a cup of coffee and a bottle of syrup.", "some pancakes are on a paper plate next to other foods", "A tray with pancakes, bacon, eggs, cucumbers, coffee and syrup.", "a blue green and white tray a fork cellphone and food"]
["A large tower with a clock and a blue banner ", "A clock tower on top of a building with a welcome sign below.", "A clock tower sitting on a building with a welcome sign below.", "large brick tower with a clock the front", "a clock on a tall tower near some trees ", "A building with a tall tower with a clock on it."]
["A clock tower with a blue sculpture in the foreground. ", "A purple Mohawk sitting below a very tall clock tower.", "A large clock tower stands high in front of the blue sky.", "A tall clock tower behind a blue statue. ", "A high statue with a clock inside on a very nice day."]
["There is a woman looking at two vases that are on display in a glass case.", "A woman stands in front of a display case holding an ornamental vase that looks like two by reflection.", "A man walking past a woman standing at a museum exhibit.", "People stop and look at different plates behind a glass case. ", "a person standing in front of a vase displayed behind glass"]
["A vase filled with flowers and water on top of a table.", "Clear vase with pink roses in it on a wooden table.", "Pink flowers sitting in a flower pot full of water. ", "A vase of carnations on a table outside ", "this clear vase has many pink flowers in it"]
["a vase with some flowers in it as a fake bird sits next to it", "Flowers sit in a decorated jar next to a bird figurine.", "A jar with butterfly label with a bouquet of roses on a doily with a polished multicolored marble bird by a stucco wall.", "A jar of roses with a paper mache bird next to it ", "There is a jar full of flowers and a decoupaged bird next to it."]
["A tall yellow vase stands before a pink pillar.", "The tall green vase is  in perfect contrast to the red column", "a tall yellow vase next to a large pillar near a window", "A yellow vase with a plant in front of a red pole.", "A tall pink pillar sitting inside of a building."]
["A bunch of white flowers is in a clear vase.", "A vase with white flowers in the water on the table. ", "A vase sitting on a table filled with water and white flowers.", "A display of white flowers in a clear vase with water in it", "Vase of blooming white flowers on a coffee table."]
["A red rose in a glass vase on a table", "a close of of a rose and other flowers in a vase", "An arrangement of red and white flowers in a glass vase.", "beautiful red rose and white flowers are  in a vase.", "The bouquet has one red rose in it. "]
["a bag with scissors with a zip on a table", "An opened pouch holding three pairs of scissors.", "A case with three pairs of scissors sitting on a table.", "A brown case is holding some surgical scissors.", "A case with different sized scissors in it."]
["Two credit cards cut in half underneath a pair of scissors.", "Credit cards have been cut and the perpetrator lays on top of them.", "A visa credit card is cut up with scissors.", "a close up of a credit card cut into pieces", "scissors sitting on top of cut up credit cards"]
["A large pair of black scissors sitting on top of a table.", "Viewing a man through scissors in a red-lit room.", "A picture of a man being blurred and a pair of scissors.", "A man is in a red room with scissors in front of him.", "A pair of scissors in front of a mans face in a room with red light."]
["A stuffed bear is mounted on a metal pole", "A teddy bear sits on a stair railing.", "A stuffed bear that is sitting on a piece of wood.", "a little teddy bear sitting on a rail ", "A teddy bear is sitting on a wood post."]
["A baby smiles with it's stuffed animal. ", "a baby in a blue jacket and a white stuffed rabbit", "A baby smiles while holding his stuffed rabbit", "A baby sitting on the couch holding a stuffed rabbit.", "A baby sitting with a stuffed rabbit toy."]
["A yellow teddy bear in red clothes appears to be hugging a bottle.", "A white teddy bear on a wooden table with a jug of alcohol.", "a close up of a stuffed animal with a bottle ", "A teddy bear holding a jug of booze and a red Santa hat.", "A pooh bear holding onto a jug of honey"]
["Two pieces of food sitting on top of a white plate next to a fork.", "A piece of bread has eggs on it on a plate.", "Two pieces of toast with fried eggs in the cut out centers.", "Two pieces of toast with several toppings on them on a plate.", "A piece of bread with an egg in its center."]
["A man sitting at a table with two plates of breakfast food.", "A male with two plates of breakfast food on the table in front of him.", "A man in black shirt at a table with plate of food.", "a man sitting at a table with a bunch of breakfast food on a plate ", "A bearded man prepares to eat his breakfast."]
["A sandwich and coffee placed upon a wooden table.", "A plate with two pieces of sandwich ans a cup of coffee.", "A grilled sandwich with a cappuccino cup on some plates.", "A cup of coffee next to a plate with a sandwich. ", "A SANDWICH ON A PLATE AND A CUP OF LATTE "]
["A stack of pan cakes sitting on top of a plate.", "two breakfast plates of food. one has pancakes, the other has scrambled eggs and toast.", "The breakfast setup includes pancakes with a cherry.", "A breakfast meal on patio furniture on the beach.", "a table filled with pancakes, toast and some drinks "]
["A happy man making sandwiches in a kitchen", "A man buttering toast in his kitchen on the counter.", "A man giving a smile while standing over some buttered bread.", "A smiling man is over a kitchen countertop.", "A smiling man butters his bread in a homey kitchen."]
["Woman enjoying plate of food with glass of wine.", "A woman poses for the camera as she eats a snack", "A woman is smiling while eating from a plate with fruit and cheese.", "Woman at table with glass plate and wine glasses eating.", "An older woman is standing over a dish"]
["A smiling man holding a fork and knife", "A man sitting down at a table with a trey of food.", "The young man holds his fork before a meal.", "A man with a fork and knife ready to eat his meal.", "A man enjoys a continental breakfast and smiles a lot."]
["Two bowls on a table with silverware, one containing fried potato wedges.", "a table with bowls of different food on top", "there is a plate of large chips and a plate of food next to them", "Someone's lunch is being displayed on a table.", "A bowl of french fries next to another container of pasta. "]
["A wooden table topped with bowls, baskets and dishes filled with food.", "A bunch of bowls and plates served on a table", "Various foods in bowls that includes rice, noodles and vegetables.", "The large meal has rice, noodles, vegetables, and meat.", "A meal with pasta, rice, salad, garnishes and a drink sits on top of a wooden table."]
["A woman sitting at a table with a group of people.", "A group of elderly ladies are having lunch together.", "A group of women at a dinner table having conversation.", "A group of people in a restaurant with cups, and bowls on the dining table", "A group of people sitting at a table."]
["The man uses his cell phone near a plate of food.", "a man that is taking a picture of food", "A man taking a photo of his plate of food.", "Man at table taking photo of plated food on table.", "a man sitting back from his plate of food to take a picture of his meal with his phone"]
["Two plates of food that include beans, guacamole and rice.", "A person sitting at a table filled with mexican food.", "A plate with three foil wrapped packets next to a bowl of refried beans and rice", "There are plates with food on them on a table.", "an image of a plates of food at a Mexican restaurant"]
["A woman cutting up a salad with a knife on a table.", "A woman is sitting at a table not looking very happy at a hotdog laying on top of other foods.", "A woman sitting at a table with a plate of food in front of her.", "A woman sits down to eat a salad.", "A lady sits down to a plate of smoked sausage dinner."]
["An Oriental meal is uneaten on a table.", "A table full of asian styled dishes and soup ", "This is an image of a Japanese dinner", "A table is loaded up with asian food.", "a large table that has a bunch of food on it"]
["A plate of Asian meat next to a bowl of white rice and a cup of tea.", "Several bowls and plates of food with a cup of tea.", "a table that has a bunch of food on it", "A meal seperated and on display on a counter top.", "A dish of meat with rice and other dishes"]
["A man sitting at a table with a plate of food.", "a person sitting at a table with plate of food outdoors", "a man sitting at a picnic table studdying a bottle", "A man in a black shirt pouring water at a table.", "A man sitting a picnic table pouring a drink. "]
["A plate of meat, vegetables, and two large slices of bread with a red wine glass next to it. ", "The meal has sides of mixed vegetables and bread slices near a glass of wine.", "A dinner plate is on a place mat next to a glass of red wine. ", "A plate with meat, bread, and veggies, next to a wine glass. ", "A white plate topped with meat, veggies and bread."]
["A white plate topped with hot dogs and salad.", "three sausages on three pieces of bread with Cole slaw and lettuce", "A plate with three hotdogs on slices of bread.", "A plate of food and a laptop resting on top of a table.", "Plate with vegetables and slices of bread with hot dogs on them. "]
["A table topped with different types of foods.", "There is a bunch of food sitting on a table.", "a table with many plates of food ", "a table filled with food and plates with candles in the middle ", "A dining room table set with an entire meal and candles in the middle."]
["A table with wine glasses and bottles of wine", "There are bottles of wine and wine glasses arranged on a table", "THERE ARE A LOT OF WINE GLASSES ON THE TABLE ", "A selection of wines and wineglasses sit on a table.", "Six bottles have been placed near many wine glasses."]
["two people posing for a photo holding wine glasses", "A couple holding wine glasses as they prepare to toast.", "Two people with arms around each other holding glasses.", "a man and woman drinking wine and posing for a picture together. ", "A bespectacled pair make a toast for the camera."]
["A group of people standing around a wine cellar.", "a couple of people are standing around a table with wine", "Men and women are gathered around the table", "people standing at a table with a lot of wine glasses and different flavors of wine ", "A bunch of people at a table filled with wine glasses."]
["A couple of women are taking some shot drinks. ", "A woman drinking from a glass near a table. ", "People in front of a table loaded with drinks in glasses.", "A woman drinking a small glass of wine.", "A woman having a drink while wearing an ID badge."]
["A glass of reed wine sits next to a half empty bottle", "a bottle next to a glass of wine", "An open bottle and a glass of cabernet sauvignon wine.", "A glass of red wine with the bottle sitting beside it.", "a table that has a wine bottle and cups on it"]
["A person sitting on a wooden bench outside.", "an old man sitting on a bench in the park", "A man in business attire sitting on a park bench and looking at his phone.", "a person in a scarf and suit sitting outdoors on a bench", "A man sitting on top of a wooden bench."]
["Separate men sitting on park benches playing on phone and reading.", "Two men sit on park benches in a city street scene.", "A park offers fresh air and a place to perch while reading or interacting with a phone. ", "Two men, one reading, one on his phone, sit on park benches near a flower bed.", "Two men sitting on separate city benches at a park."]
["An old man smiling while sitting on a bench.", "A man sitting on a bench wearing a suit.", "A man sitting on a park bench in the sun ", "a man sitting on a bench by the grass and trees \n", "A man sitting on a park bench in a black outfit."]
["A man wearing a suit and tie under a brown umbrella.", "A man wearing many beads is holding an umbrella.", "A person dressed finely holding a gold umbrella.", "A man in a suit with a hat holding an umbrella at Mardi Gras", "A Mardi Gras reveler keeping dry from a sudden shower. "]
["A person on a snowboard does an air trick.", "A boy on a snow board performing a jump on a hill.", "A man with a snowboard riding in the snow.", "A snowboarder is hopping over a small snow hump.", "A guy on a snow board jumping a ramp."]
["A man flying through the air while riding a snowboard.", "Man standing on large sized snow board sliding down mountain side.", "A person in the snow jumping in the air.", "A man snowboarding on the snow outside during the day.", "A snowboarder performing a jump off of a hill."]
["A small black sign on the refrigerator door", "Signs on a refrigerator and pictures on it. ", "A close up view of a refrigerator door with a plaque and pictures on it.", "A white refrigerator with magnets has plates of food sitting on top.", "Food sits on top of a refrigerator covered in magnets."]
["Three men are packing fruit in containers in the middle of a factory.", "Men in an industrial kitchen preparing various items.", "A very large metal table and some men in a huge kitchen.", "People with white hats working in a stainless steel kitchen.", "Three chefs are in the large industrial kitchen preparing a meal."]
["A white plate topped with a chocolate cake and a lemon wedge.", "A dessert is on a plate with drizzle and sprinkles around the edges", "A plate with some kind of dessert on it.", "A piece of cake with yellow drizzle is sitting on a white plate.", "A pastry on a white plate on a table."]
["A group of people dressed in some nice clothes", "A group of people conversing together, one of the women is laughing.", "THERE IS A PARTY WITH PEOPLE LAUGHING ALL THE TIME", "Smiling people wearing formal clothing standing together in a room.", "Three young woman being interviewed by a man holding a microphone."]
["The dining room is empty of people but the light is left on.", "A dining room area with table, liquor cabinet and kitchen doorway.", "A lit dining room with no one sitting at the table. ", "a table filled with some books and a table cloth", "A table and chair in a small room."]
["A modern kitchen with stainless steel fridge, wooden cabinets, and overhead lighting is separated from the dining room by a bar.", "A large, modern kitchen with lots of wood cupboards.", "A table sits near a kitchen with the lights off. ", "A modern kitchen with natural wood cabinets and stainless features.", "A dining area features a wood table and chairs, a silver refrigerator and light brown cabinets."]
["A kitchen area is being built that contains a deep sink, a dishwasher, and cabinets. ", "A kitchen sink with two faucets in a large kitchen.", "Large stainless steel cabinet sink in a large room with a beige tile floor.", "A kitchen island in the middle of a kitchen being remodeled", "A kitchen sink in a house that is under construction."]
["a man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A man is surfing the wave on the water.", "A man is surfing on a high water wave.", "There is a surfer riding a wave in the ocean", "Man surfing a small wave using a short surfboard."]
["A large kitchen with wood cabinets and black accents.", "A kitchen area with a dishwasher, stove and microwave.", "A kitchen with a dishwasher, oven and microwave.", "A newly refinished kitchen complete with new appliances and tile floor.", "a silver and black stove and microwave a sink and cabinets"]
["A toddler reaches into a bowl of grapes in a sink.", "A child washes grapes in a stainless steel sink.", "a small child in a kitchen near a sink", "A young girl washing a bowl of grapes in a sink.", "A girl is washing grapes in a sink."]
["A kitchen with a wooden table next to a metallic refrigerator freezer.", "Nice big kitchen with long counter space for the sink and a deep refrigerator", "a kitchen view of a table sink cabinets stools and refridgerator", "A kitchen with a breakfast bar and center island.", "A refrigerator and a table in a room."]
["A blue bowl sitting on a table with a banana in it. ", "There is one ripe banana sitting in a blue bowl.", "A banana sitting in a bowl that is on the table.", "A blue ceramic style bowl that has one ripe banana with brown spots inside of it.", "A ripe banana sitting in a black bowl. "]
["a woman sitting on a picnic table on her cell phone", "A woman sitting on a picnic table talking on a cellphone.", "A caucasian women in running clothes sits on a picnic table talking on a cellphone.", "A girl sitting on a park table talking on a cell phone.", "A person sitting on a table while using a cellphone."]
["a kitchen with a  sink surrounded by a bunch of cluttered items", "A rather dirty kitchen sink with multiple scattered objects", "A sink that has two cups in it and dishes to the side.", "A kitchen sink surrounded by utensils and misc items.", "a sink with some appliances inside of it "]
["a person sitting down in front of a couch", "This is a black and white photograph of a pensive young man.", "A man sitting on the floor next to a bed with a guitar on it.", "Black and white image of a young man sitting on a floor next to a guitar lying on a bed.", "A man in a sits with a shaft of light falling across his face."]
["A child on a skateboard is performing a trick on a slab.", "A person on a skateboard on a wooden rail.", "A man that is standing on a skateboard on wood.", "a kid riding a skateboard across a couple of blocks ", "a kid that is skateboarding on some wood blocks"]
["Two shake boarders playing on the street with one individual sitting under a tree.", "A skateboarder doing tricks on the edge of a wall.", "A guy skateboarding outside near a tree during the day.", "a person riding a skate board on a ledge", "A skateboarder prepares to grind a concrete barrier."]
["Two scissors that are interlocked on a table.", "two pairs of scissors intertwined with orange handles", "Two scissors are shown propped up against each other.", "A couple of pairs of scissors connected in the middle.", "Two pairs of scissors are interconnected at the blades."]
["A group of skateboarders on top of a ramp.", "Boys doing stunts in an area designed for skate boarding", "a group of people watch a person on a skate board ride on a ramp", "A bunch of young men having fun skateboarding in a half pipe in doors.", "skate boarders using an indoor facility course with an audience "]
["A kitchen filled with appliances and an open laptop.", "A KITCHEN WITH A STOVE AND LAP TOP ", "Kitchen during cooking with a laptop on the counter", "A kitchen has an open laptop sitting on a counter.", "There are pans on the stove and one of the pans has food cooking in it."]
["A kitchen has dark counters and wood cabinets. ", "A kitchen with black countertops, chrome appliances, and wooden cabinets.", "The interior of a kitchen with brown wooden finishes", "A beautiful and spacious kitchen with stainless steel appliances.", "A kitchen that has many wooden cabinets and cupboards."]
["A wooden floored room with various chairs around it.", "Long open area with multiple wooden folding chairs", "A deserted kitchen area after a large party had taken place.", "Assortment of wooden chairs in large room with wooden floor.", "A restaurant with no tables in the sitting room only chairs and a plant"]
["A person on a surfboard rides on a wave.", "A surfer on a surfboard riding a massive wave on his surfboard.", "a man riding a big wave with his surfboard ", "A surfer is riding a large wave in the ocean.", "the surfer shoots the curl of the wave"]
["A white refrigerator freezer sitting inside of a kitchen.", "a refrigerator brown cupboards a silver sink and a wine rack", "A wine rack sits on top of the kitchen cabinets.", "A small kitchen area features a white refrigerator and brown cabinets.", "A small kitchen with white appliances and wooden cabinets."]
["A small kitchen inside of a dark office", "A kitchen with a soda machine and black and white tiles.", "A kitchen with vending machines and a black and white checkered floor.", "a kitchen with a checkerboard floor and vending machines on the side", "Company breakroom with black and white tiled floor and a vending machine."]
["A large collection of cooking utensils hanging on a wall.", "many different tools hanging on a wall with spatulas", "Many different utensils hanging up on a wall.", "Kitchen utensils hang neatly from a peg board.", "A variety of kitchen utensils hanging from a peg board."]
["An empty kitchen filled with dishes and appliances.", "A well lit kitchen with  polished wooden floors.", "a kitchen with a window a sink and a table", "There is a country styled kitchen with wood flooring and white walls.", "A clean kitchen inside a home during the day."]
["A street with people and cows walking down it.", "A street that has three cows walking down the street together and people on the sidewalk area.", "A few cows walking down the street in a town.", "Three cows walking along the street in a town.", "Cows on the street next to people that are on the sidewalk. "]
["A very long kitchen looks kind of messy.", "A very long cramped kitchen are full of stuff.", "a kitchen space with tiled walls and items on a counter.", "It's a white room with some cleaning supplies spread around.", "The view of a cluttered kitchen stainless steel counter."]
["A woman at a baseball game with a Chicago Cubs visor, talking on her cell phone.", "A girl is at a baseball game while talking on her phone.", "A woman is talking on the phone at a baseball game", "A girl at a baseball game talking on a cell phone.", "A woman at a baseball game talking on her phone."]
["A girl holding a skewer with a banana on the end.  ", "The girl in glasses is holding a banana on a stick.", "Blue and white shirted woman showing off forked fruit. ", "A woman with a banana on a skewer with trees in back.", "A woman in glasses is holding a banana on a skewer."]
["A couple of people standing at a counter with some food.", "a couple of people are cooking some food ", "Man and woman choosing dessert from buffet counter near stove hood.", "Two people are getting food from a buffet.", "a man and a woman are standing in front of food"]
["A glass vase filled with oranges on a table next to a plate filled with even more oranges.", "Numerous oranges sit in a vase on a table.", "Glassware and oranges arranged on a tan table. ", "Tangerines are in dishes on a table with a vase and cup.", "Floral vases on display some with oranges in a glass vase and a on a platter."]
["A bowl of peeled oranges sitting on a white bowl on a kitchen counter.", "Mixture of vegetables being prepared on top of a kitchen counter. ", "Peeled oranges and mashed oranges in a kitchen.", "A kitchen with utensils and sliced oranges in a bowl.", "Whole peeled and cut oranges in bowls on top of a kitchen counter."]
["A man helping a child ride a bicycle on the street", "A man teaching a child to ride a bicycle on a city sidewalk.", "a man helping a little girl ride a bike", "a man helping a child ride a bike", "An old man helping a little girl ride a bike"]
["A very simple bathroom with beige and cream colored decor.", "a bathroom that has a tub and a shower", "A bathroom with shower stall, toilet, and bathtub.", "A corner of a rest room with a big shower.", "A white walled bathroom features beige appliances and furniture."]
["A dirty bathroom features a toilet with a blue seat, a tub and a waste paper basket.", "Toilet with blue painted on it sitting next to an open shower. ", "A bathroom with a bath tub, trash can ,and toilet in it", "A bathroom with a toilet with a blue seat.", "A bathroom with the toilet opened and looks quite dirty. "]
["A dirty bathroom consisting of a toilet, bath tub and sink. ", "a bathroom with a toilet and a sink", "This bathroom  with paneling around the bathtub is dirty.", "The toilet, sink, and bathtub of this bathroom are dirty.", "A small bathroom with stained white walls and a tub."]
["A person wearing a straw hat walking a bike.", "A person with a hat on holding a bicycle.", "A woman in a straw had pushes a bicycle through a residential area", "A person holding a bike walking down the road.", "a woman in a hat walks a bycicle"]
["A row of white urinals mounted to a restroom wall.", "THERE ARE A LOT OF DIRTY TOILETS ON THE WALL", "Four extremely dirty and nasty urinals in bathroom", "This is a row of dirty urinals in a mens restroom. ", "A very dirty bathroom with four not operating urinals on the wall and blue tile walls."]
["A small bath room with a sink and toilet.", "a clean looking wash room area with a window on the side ", "A small bathroom is being viewed from a doorway. ", "A small bathroom with a sink next to a toilet.", "A tidy bathroom with a sink, toilet, towel and radiator."]
["A toilet, sink, mirror, and tub in a bathroom.", "A toilet with a wooden seat and a sink are seen.", "A small white bathroom has a wooden toilet seat.", "A toilet is shown in a bathroom with a wooden seat.", "A bathroom that has white tile walls and a toilet that has a wooden toilet seat."]
["A white bathroom with a sink, towels and tub.", "A modern style bathroom awaits hotel guests with fresh linens and toiletries.", "A bathroom has a tub, sink, and mirror in it.  ", "A bathroom with a mirror, sink, tub, towels and a wash cloth in it. ", "Folded towels are on the shelf underneath the bathroom sink. "]
["Two toilet stall, one blue and the other orange.", "Two empty adjacent bathroom stalls painted different colors.", "A blue and white toilet are posted side by side.", "Two toilets are in stalls next to one another. ", "Two open bathroom stalls with open toilets and shelves above them."]
["A close up of a woven basket on a bicycle.", "Bicycle with brown wicker basket on front and small mirror on side", "A bamboo basket sitting on top of a bicycles handle bars.", "a bike with a basket and side mirror attached to the handlebars", "A metal bicycle has a wooden straw basket attached to it."]
["A bathtub sitting under a chandelier and next to a pair of windows and a mirror in a bathroom.", "An upscale bathroom sunken tub with chandelier above.", "Large white tub sitting in the middle of a large room. ", "A bathroom area with a tub, mirror and two windows.", "A bathroom with a tub, windows, mirror, and vanity."]
["A woman taking a selfie while brushing her teeth with a tooth brush.", "A girl is taking her picture in the mirror.", "A woman taking a picture while she brushes her teeth.", "A woman taking a picture of herself brushing her teeth", "a woman taking a selfie of herself brushing her teeth "]
["A bathroom sink underneath a medicine cabinet next to a window.", "A bathroom with empty bottles in the window", "A bathroom with a sink, window and medicine cabinet.", "A bathroom pedestal sink with a mirrored medicine cabinet.", "A white bathroom with bottles sitting on a windowsill. "]
["A person is in a bathroom and is taking a photo of himself in a mirrors reflection.", "The bathroom has a white and floral print wallpaper.", "a sink and bathtub in bathroom with flowered wallpaper", "An outdated bathroom with blue tiles and floral blue wall paper, a bathtub and sink.", "The flash of a camera glaring in a mirror."]
["A white toilet bowl with a plunger standing near it", "a bathroom with a white toilet in it", "A plunger is sitting on a tile floor next to a toilet. ", "a plunger is next to a small white toilet in a bathroom", "A view of a toilet with a sewage plunger sitting next to it."]
["A bathroom with a marble counter top under a  mirror.", "A bathroom filled with a sink, window, and bathroom decor. ", "A picture of a mostly black bathroom in someone's house. ", "A bathroom with a sink and three towels. ", "A bathroom has brown towels and counter top."]
["A large modern bathroom features an oversize tub and walk-in shower.", "A modern bathroom with wood flooring and a large window.", "A white tub sitting next to a window and shower.", "A picture of someones bathroom in their home.", "a bathroom with a wooden floor and hot tub "]
["Several cars driving towards a public market. ", "a number of cars parked in a lot ", "An outdoor market has a large parking lot and sits near water.", "The market is full of cars and people.", "A parking lot with cars and people in front on a row of tents and a building with Public Market sign by water."]
["A living room with a couch next to a  table and a lamp.", "This hotel room is divided into a living area with a couch, and a sleeping area.", "A view from a hotel suite bedroom showing the couch and coffee table.", "A room with a sofa, bed and a television", "The room has a partition seperating a couch from the bed."]
["People are at a stop light on a snowy street.", "the back of a car on a snowy road", "Several cars driving down the road in the snow.", "a few cars driving in the snow through a traffic light", "A city street filled with lots of cars driving through the snow."]
["A mirror, sink, towel, toilet paper, mop and toilet sitting in a bathroom.", "A mop sits in the corner of a tiled bathroom.", "A mop is standing in the corner of the bathroom near a towel rack.", "A bathroom features black and white tile and a sink and toilet.", "A bathroom with a couple of towels hanging on the rack and a mop in the corner."]
["Looking into the mirror of a residential bathroom", "The bathroom is clean and ready for us to use. ", "A white sink and mirror in a room.", "a bathroom with a big mirror and counter ", "A bathroom sink under a mirror on top of a counter."]
["A stop sign sits in front of a billboard in a quiet area.", "a road sign showing stop and a vehicle moving", "A stop sign out in the middle of nowhere ", "A billboard posed by the side of a street in a rural town.", "A red stop sign sitting on the side of the road."]
["an empty modern style bathroom for two people", "A bathroom with two sinks and an enclosed shower.", "Two white sinks in a bathroom with a phone in it.", "The bathroom is cluttered with various grooming objects.", "A clean bathroom with towels, a shower and sinks."]
["A reflection of a woman in a mirror with a camera.", "A woman takes a photograph of her reflection in a mirror.", "Image of a girl in the mirror getting ready in the bathroom.", "A person taking of photo of herself while looking in the mirror. ", "A woman with short, brown hair is looking into a circular mirror with a camera in her hand.", "A woman with short, brown hair is looking into a circular mirror and holding a camera up to her cheek."]
["A house's address is visible through a cracked windshield.", "A bird was perched on a car parked in a driveway.", "The dashboard of a car parked in front of a house.", "A small bird perched on the windshield of a car", "The front of a car parked at a house"]
["A cat perched on a car dashboard travelling on a street.", "A cat is sitting on the top of a car's dashboard.", "Grey and black striped cat sitting on the hood of a car. ", "A cat looks bewildered on top of a dash", "A cat is sitting on the dashboard of a car."]
["A dog sitting in the passenger seat of a car.", "A small dog sits in the passenger's seat of the car", "a dog sitting in a passenger seat ", "A dog looks back from the passenger seat of a vehicle.", "A dog sitting in the passenger seat of a car."]
["Two people that are walking a dog together.", "A man and woman walking a dog down a busy street.", "Huge black and white dog walking with its family", "A man and a woman walking a Great Dane.", "A big Dalmation like dog is being walked down a street."]
["A side view mirror hanging off the side of a door.", "A bull in the side view mirror of a car.", "A view of a cow in a car's mirror. ", "The rear view mirror of a vehicle with the reflection of a cow.", "A RED CARS VIEW OF A COW IN THE REAR VIEW MIRROR "]
["A herd of elephants grazing on a lush green field.", "Group of brown elephants walking in tall grass by a river. ", "The family of elephants are traveling through the field.", "Elephants shown grazing in the wild on a grassy plain.", "Several elephants grazing in a marshy area with babies."]
["A large giraffe sticking its head into a vehicle.", "A giraffe pokes its head through a cars sunroof.", "A giraffe sticking its head into a sunroof of car.", "A giraffe sticking his head into a sunroof.", "A close up of a giraffe sticking its head in a sunroof"]
["A car that is sitting next to a building.", "A street scene looking down at a small green car.", "A green car on a road among several motorcycles.", "A green car parked on the side of the road near a few buildings.", "A view through wires of a light green car on a street corner."]
["A white toilet sitting inside of a bathroom.", "A small white bathroom with a brown tile floor.", "Clean white bathroom with brown tiled flooring in home.", "A bathroom with a white toilet and shower", "There is a bathroom with a sink toilet and door"]
["a pink suitcase is in the back of a vehicle", "Several pieces of luggage in the back seat of a car.", "A pink suitcase and other bags lie in the back seat of a silver car.", "Luggage is piled in the backseat of a car.", "This car has some bags and some luggage in it."]
["Rust and white cat curled up in a toilet bowl.", "A cat is curled up in an empty toilet.", "A cat looks happy while sitting in a bowl.", "A cat is curled up in the bowl of a lidless toilet.", "The orange and white cat is sitting in a toilet bowl. "]
["Clocks on a light pole on a city street.", "Ornate clock on the curb of a city street.", "An outdoor clock mounted on a pole on a city street.", "A clock on top of a pole sitting next to a street.", "A clock stands on the corner of a city street."]
["A white urinal mounted to a wall under a flushing mechanism.", "\"Weak Bladder\" written in German on a sign above a urinal", "The toilet in the restroom seems to be out of order.", "A urinal in the middle of a tile bath room", "A bathroom wall with a urinal and a sign above it."]
["This toilet has a lot of wadded up tissue paper in it.", "A whole roll of toilet paper is clogging a toilet.", "A toilet with the lid up filled with toilet paper.", "Overhead view of clogged open toilet and bathtub full of clothes.", "A white toilet filled with toilet paper inside of a bathroom."]
["A close-up of a toilet with a pink stuffed bunny inside.", "A pink stuffed animal sitting at the bottom of a toilet.", "A stuffed bunny in a toilet bowl and the bunny 's color is bleeding into the water.", "A stainless steel toilet with a little pink bunny inside.", "A pink bunny in a blue water toilet bowl."]
["a close up of a banana on a plate next to a bowl", "A used banana pell on a plate. ", "There is a eaten banana on a white plate along with a bowl", "A plate with a bowl on it and a banana peel.", "A banana sitting on top of a white plate."]
["an image of a cat in a toilet with the water", "A small cat has it's front paws inside a toilet.", "a cat inside of a toilet bowl in a bathroom", "Cat standing in toilet next to a tile floor.", "a cat standing on the edge of a toilet bowl with its front paws inside of the toilet."]
["A pink motor scooter parked in a parking space.", "a pink scooter parked next to a car", "A pink scooter with a black seat next to a blue car.", "a pink and black scooter parked and some cars", "Scooter on it's kickstand in a parking spot beside a car."]
["An open toilet with a sign posted on it.", "A close the door when you leave sign on a toilet seat", "a pink post-it-note that states, \"Close the door when you leave!!! Thanks.\" attached to an open toilet seat lid", "A white toilet with a pink note attached to the back.", "A toilet seat with note reading \"close the door when you leave.\""]
["a small metallic toilet in a tile bathroom", "A picture of a toilet and toilet paper in a bathroom.", "A metal toilet bowl against a tiled wall", "A brown toilet inside of a public restroom.", "A silver toilet that has no movable seat on it."]
["A white toilet bowl with a cleaner thing in it", "A toilet bowl cleaner next to a toilet with a yellow seat cover.", "There is an image of a toilet in the bathroom", "A bathroom toilet with a fabric seat cover, bowl brush and garbage can.", "A white toilet seat sitting on top of a toilet."]
["There is a a toilet on the barhrrim", "a small airplane bathroom has a toilet and small sink.", "The toilet is clean and ready for customers to use.", "A picture of a clean airplane lavatory. ", "A toilet that is on an airplane or in a motor home."]
["Two men riding motorcycles and ATV on a walk way.", "A black-and-white photo of a man on a motorcycle.", "A man on a fourwheeler and a man on a motorcycle.", "These fellows are too large to be riding the children's toys upon which they are seated.", "Two guys are riding small size motorized vehicles."]
["The tower of the building has a clock displayed. ", "A blue clock with roman numerals on a tower.", "Clock on outside of tower top with birds flying in the background", "a clock on a tower wit ha sky background", "A tower with a blue clock on a roof dormer."]
["A man riding a bike down a street with a woman.", "Many motorcycles are parked along the sidewalk curb as one drives by.", "two people riding a motorcycle along the road.", "Some people riding a motorcycle near a bunch of motorcycles.", "A large group of motorcycles are parked on the street."]
["A urinal is displayed with modern porcelain structuring.", "Multiple bowl like structures are shown with piping.", "Four urinals next to each other with visible piping. ", "Four oval shaped urinals and all the plumbing exposed.", "four urinals and its two sets of pipes"]
["A motorcycle parked next to street with little to no traffic.", "Motorcycle parked next to a railing by the street.", "The large motorcycle has been painted white and light blue.", "A blue and white motorcycle parked on the street.", "There is a custom painted motorcycle with a black seat"]
["Comical picture messages are on the restroom wall.", "this is a pair of toilet sin a mens restroom", "Posters have been laced above the urinals in this bathroom", "Two urinals with foreign cartoons taped on the tile.", "A bathroom with comics taped above the urinals."]
["A small bathroom with a roll of toilet paper and a toilet", "A white toilet sitting next to a toilet paper dispenser.", "A picture of an all white bath room", "A bathroom containing a toilet and a paper hanger.", "antique style photo of a bathroom showing the toilet"]
["This is the inside of someone's deejay station.", "A cluttered desk holds two desktop monitors and a laptop. ", "A laptop sits on a desk along with 2 monitors.", "A desktop with three computers and a pair of headphones", "A desk that has three computers sitting on it."]
["Two urinals sitting side by side in a restroom.", "A couple of old-school urinals; old ads adorn the wall above them. ", "an image of two urinals inside of a public restroom", "Two urinals are separated by a panel attached to the tile wall.", "Advertising above the public urinals in a restaurant "]
["A lidless toilet is shown caked in dirt or other filth.", "An old rusting toilet with the lid up. ", "A toilet filled with nasty grime sitting up against a bathroom wall.", "View of toilet with a dirty lid and a missing cover to it's tank", "A toilet that has been covered in filth."]
["A woman touching a decoration on top of a batman cake.", "People with knives and straws, and a cake on a surface in a box. ", "Two people preparing a birthday cake in a box.", "The two people are eager to cut the cake.", "Two people are standing beside the cake in the box. "]
["A pine apple on top of a pile of mixed fruit.", "The bowl of fruit includes a pineapple and oranges. ", "A bowl of assorted fruit with a huge pineapple on top.", "A fruit bowl containing a pineapple, an orange and several pears.", "FRUIT BOWL WITH A PINEAPPLE, AVACADO, PEAR, AND AN ORANGE "]
["a large blue bowl of almonds, bananas and walnuts", "a close up of a bowl of food on a table ", "A small bowl fresh fruit with creme sitting on the table.", "This bowl is filled with bananas, raisins, nuts, and milk. ", "A bowl of cereal containing fruit and nuts."]
["A woman that is sitting in front of a cake.", "A smiling older woman in with a cake.", "A woman sitting beside a white frosted cake. ", "A decorated cake sits in front of a smiling woman. ", "the woman is happy to get her birthday cake."]
["a man sitting on a dirtbike in a circus ring", "A man that is sitting on a dirt bike.", "A person sitting on a motorcycle in a room.", "A bike stands on his dirtbike in a circus.", "A man stands with his motorcycle in a colorful arena."]
["A bunch of people in turbans at a parade.", "a group of bikers that are on a road", "Many men wearing vests and riding motorcycles in a parade.", "A group of motorcycle riders in vests and orange turbans on a neighborhood street.", "A group of men on the street wearing orange turbans."]
["A group of bikers traveling down a road past a store.", "A group of people riding motorcycles down the street", "People riding scooters make their way down a rural road.", "A lot of people that are in the street.", "A group of mopeds passing on a street."]
["A view of a bunch of toys hanging on a net.", "sorted colors of hair clips clipped to a net", "a street filled with parked motorcycles below tall buildings.", "Hair combs on a wire on the side of the empty street.", "A wire fence containing various hair clips with a building in the background."]
["Empty seats in front of a building on a sidewalk.", "The front view of a building that has a bench, and chairs located in front. ", "A brightly colored store front with benches and chairs.", "Benches and chairs set outside a building with cathedral doors.", "This is the outside of a building with chairs and benches present."]
["A woman holding three bags stands by the open doors of a subway car, through which other people can be seen.", "Woman getting ready to enter an empty subway car.", "A women who is holding a cell phone and some bags.", "A woman standing on a platform with bags and the train doors opened.", "Woman standing on platform with commuter train in background."]
["a living room with a tv on top of a stand with a guitars sitting next to ", "A view of a TV with a few guitars next to it.", "A living room with a tv in the corner and a faux fireplace ", "Television on an entertainment stand in a livingroom corner", "a room with a tv in the corner, 2 guitars, a fireplace and a painting on the wall"]
["a small plane with a propellor sitting on a runway", "A small engine plane sitting on a runway.", "a small propeller plane sits on a run way ", "The small, single engine airplane is parked on the tarmac. ", "A single propellor aircraft that is parked on an airport apron with vehicles and another plane in the background."]
["A fighter jet flying through a blue sky with smoke behind it.", "An aeroplane is soaring high in the sky.", "A red and white jet plane in the sky by it self ", "A jet is being flown through the sky.", "A red, white and blue plane flies through the air."]
["People standing around two model stunt planes on grass.", "a couple of airplanes that are sitting on some grass", "Two model air planes sitting in a grassy field.", "Two remote controlled planes are sitting in a grassy field.", "Two model airplanes are on some grass, one is green."]
["A plane that is flying in the air.", "A sky view of a single engine plane in flight.", "A vintage style airplane is flying ahead of storm clouds.", "A small airplane flies beneath stormy skies. ", "An old plane flying through the cloudy sky."]
["A giraffe is standing in the grass near a stone wall.", "A small baby giraffe standing by a building.", "A close up photo of a baby giraffe standing in the hay.", "A baby giraffe is shown in the grass at the zoo.", "The giraffe is standing by itself against the wall. "]
["Two planes next to one another on damp airport road", "The two small airplanes are on the runway of the airport.", "Two planes on wet tarmac and open sky.", "Two small airplanes sitting out in an airfield.", "A couple of small engine planes sitting on a runway."]
["1 military jet fighter flying in formation alongside a 1 military propeller pilot. ", "The two planes are different in design, but flying in a similar flight pattern.", "Two airplanes are flying closely in the sky.", "Two aircraft flying, one a jet and one a propeller plane.", "A small airplane flying next to a jet."]
["A zebra and giraffe that is in the dirt.", "A giraffe and a zebra in the shade.", "The zebra and giraffe are standing outside together.", "A zebra and a giraffe in an enclosure together.", "A zebra and a giraffe standing in some dirt near some rocks."]
["a baby giraffe sniffs an adult giraffe ", "An adult giraffe is licking the top of a baby giraffe's head.", "A group of giraffe standing standing on a green field.", "A baby and adult giraffe are fenced in ", "Two giraffes standing in the grass near a metal fence."]
["A GIRAFFE IS NURSING ITS YOUNG IN THE ZOO", "A giraffe and its kid in a grassy pin", "A small baby giraffe nurses from it's mother.", "A baby giraffe drinks milk from its mother.", "A giraffe nursing her young in a zoo enclosure."]
["A fighter jet doing tricks with smoke trailing behind it.", "A red and white jet plane releasing chemtrails.", "a decorated jet plane flying in the sky leaving a traill of smoke", "Airplane flying through clear sky leaving vapor trail.", "A plane is straight up into the sky."]
["A wooden bench that is next to a meter.", "the paint is peeling on this bench that is at a curb", "A bench sits in front of a city street.", "A blue painted wooden bench beside a sidewalk", "Park bench near concrete on side of park"]
["A man sitting on a park bench next to a herd of sheep.", "A man sitting on a park bench near some lambs", "An older man sitting on a park bench looking at a sheep", "A man is sitting on a bench and looking to the left.", "An older man sitting on a bench looking at sheep"]
["Two small planes flying with each other in the sky", "Two old airplanes are flying through a cloudless blue sky.", "Two old era planes flying in the sky next to each other. ", "Sky view of a blue and yellow biplane flying near each other.", "Two double winged single engine planes flying in the sky."]
["the propeller of a plane flying in the air", "A picture of the view from the cockpit of a plane.", "A view of a river taken from an airplane.", "The front of a plane propeller flying over a winding river below.", "the propeller of a white plane flying and a river"]
["Several people are seen sitting around and smoking.", "a coupe of people are sitting outside on a bench", "A man walking down the street with a cane while others sit on a bench.", "a group of people that are smoking on a bench", "A brick ally way with an old wooden bench with people sitting and smoking on it.  "]
["Two people are kissing as they sit on a bench.", "A black and white photo of a couple hugging in a park bench", "Couple on a bench overlooking a placid park pond.", "A couple sits on a bench near a pond ", "A couple of people sitting on a bench by a tree."]
["Woman and her dog tends to the herd of sheep", "A person in brown shirt standing next to a dog and sheep.", "A person sitting with a dog and some sheep.", "A person with a dog petting some sheep", "A woman that is sitting in the grass with animals."]
["A giraffe walking through tall grass between trees.", "A giraffe standing in the bushes looking at the camera.", "There is a giraffe standing near the tree.", "A giraffe walking along a lush green field.", "a giraffe standing next to some trees on a savanah"]
["A yellow traffic light lined with lots of birds.", "A traffic light in a the middle a city.", "A traffic signal on a pole with birds perched on it.", "A pole at an intersection for a traffic light has birds all along the expanse.", "A traffic light is in front of a large building. "]
["A large cat sitting on a wooden bench next to a building.", "a cat sitting on a wooden bench taking in the sun", "A cat sitting on a bench and enjoying the sun.", "Brown and black cat sitting on a wooden bench in the sunlight. ", "a black gray orange and white cat sitting on a bench"]
["Two people sitting on a bench while a dog looks at them.", "two people sitting on a bench some grass  and a dog", "A dog looking the same direction as two females sitting on a park bench facing a body of water.", "two lady's sitting on a bench and a dog standing beside them", "Two girls are sitting on a bench with adog standing besides them."]
["A large bus and a car on a street.", "A city bus is parked on the side of the street.", "A red and white double decker bus driving past a building.", "A double decker bus is parked outside a building while a woman looks up at it.", "The two level bus is travelling down the road."]
["An animal that is licking the neck of another animal.", "One giraffe is touching the back of the neck of another giraffe.", "The two  giraffes are standing close together.", "A giraffe standing next to an other giraffe in a building.", "Two large giraffes standing next to each other. "]
["Two giraffes rubbing their heads and necks together.", "Two giraffes are shown at close range together.", "Two giraffes one giraffe's head is facing out and the other giraffee's face is facing the opposite way.", "Two giraffes are standing together with their necks intertwined.", "Two giraffes in a windowed enclosure in a zoo."]
["Two giraffes stand in a dirt yard next to a wooden structure.", "The two giraffes are standing rather closely together. ", "Two giraffes in the zoo posing for the photo, one bigger than the other one.", "There are two giraffes embracing each other here ", "One of these giraffe is taller than the other."]
["A big giraffe up close looking at you.", "A closeup shot of a giraffe's face ", "a close up of a giraffe face by a fence ", "A close up view of the face of a giraffe. ", "a closeup of a giraffes face and a fence"]
["Two giraffes are in a background of tall trees.", "these are two tall giraffes eating from trees", "The two giraffes are standing next to each other. ", "The baby giraffe is stretching it's neck to look at mama.", "Two giraffes standing in front of several trees."]
["A couple that are sitting on a bench under a umbrella.", "Couple sitting on a bench, watching creek near trees", "A man an woman are sitting under an umbrella on a park bench.", "a couple of people that are under a umbrella", "A couple sitting under an umbrella on a park bench."]
["A traffic light over a street surrounded by tall buildings.", "A black and white shot of a city with a tall skyscraper in the distance.", "some buildings a traffic light and a cloudy sky", "A black and white photograph of a stop light from the street.", "A traffic light and street sign surrounded by buildings. "]
["A man and a woman greet a giraffe over a fence.", "A couple of people feeding giraffes by hand at a zoo.", "Two people looking at a giraffe and petting its nose.", "two people are petting a giraffe some dirt and trees", "A couple looking at a giraffe over a wooden fence."]
["Two people stand by a giraffe enclosure and look at a giraffe.", "Young man smiling at giraffe while other nearby look on.", "A giraffe stands with his head over a fence as a man holds out his palm and another man watches.", "People at a zoo feeing a baby giraffe.", "A boy feeding a giraffe at a zoo."]
["A young boy holding his hand out to a giraffe sticking it's tongue out.", "A giraffe is eating out a man hand at the zoo.", "a man is feeding a giraffe with its tongue out", "A man with his hand out next to a giraffe with its tongue out.", "The people are feeding the giraffes at the zoo. "]
["Four giraffe are walking through a field of high shrubs.", "A group of giraffes walking through a bushy area.", "Four giraffes in the middle of an african-like terrain ", "Giraffes travel in a pack in the open field.", "A group of giraffe walk together in the savanna."]
["A person with an umbrella near a building.", "A very large building lined with many big windows.", "A city street with one person holding an umbrella.", "A woman holding an umbrella can barely be seen as she crosses the street at night. ", "A person with an umbrella is waiting by the building."]
["Three giraffes in a field with trees in the background.", "A number of giraffes walking together in a natural habitat.", "Three giraffes standing in front of a jungle of trees.", "Three giraffe walk in a field near the woods.", "The three giraffe's are standing on the grassland."]
["Two giraffes eat grass out of a cage hanging from the ceiling.", "Two giraffes eating together from a hay feeder", "Two giraffes inside a wooden enclosure eating hay.", "two giraffes feeding from a man made feeder", "Giraffe in an animal pen eating from a feeder hanging on the ceiling."]
["A zebra next to giraffes in an enclosure", "two giraffes behind a fence and a zebra outside", "A zebra standing next to two giraffe near a wire fence.", "There are two giraffes and a zebra eating.", "A small zebra stands next to a feeding station."]
["A large group of tall giraffe in a room.", "Five giraffes are eating food inside a building.", "A group of giraffes feeding on a bunch of hay", "giraffes kept in a pen eating from a bin ", "Some very tall and pretty giraffes in a building."]
["A group of people getting onto a bush carrying surfboards.", "Two people board a city bus holding surfboards.", "Passengers getting on and off of a bus. ", "Two people carrying surfboards are preparing to board a bus", "Surfers board a public bus carrying their surfboards."]
["Bench and window with shutters with bricked wall", "A red bench sitting underneath a widow against wall.", "A wooden bench sits under a closed window.", "A photo of a bench against a building.", "A brown bench is under an old window."]
["a couple of red lights are on a pole", "A stoplight hangs over an intersection in the city.  ", "The signs clearly tell the cars where to go.", "A street sign at the intersection of West 63, Bustard Rd and Forty Foot Rd.", "An intersection with traffic lights and cars beyond it."]
["a red bus standing by the side of the road", "A bus in the United Kingdom moving past a building.", "A bus being driven down a city street.", "A red bus passing by a building full of windows.", "a public transit bus driving on a street"]
["Giraffe holding it's head mid way with a wooden gate behind it.", "a tall giraffe standing in front of a wood fence", "A girafe standing in front of a wooden fence.", "A giraffe stands in an enclosure in the winter. ", "a giraffe in its pen a fence grass and trees"]
["A minivan is in an intersection with the traffic lights showing red.", "The traffic lights indicate red, yet the brown minivan still proceeds through the intersection.", "A red minivan turns left after a light turns red.", "A driving van turning below red traffic lights", "Vehicles making a left hand turn from opposite side of traffic signal, view from a red stop light with a yellow caution arrow turning to the left."]
["A man gets a French kiss from a giraffe ", "a person very close to a giraffe ", "A man feeding a giraffe food with his mouth.", "A man feeding a giraffe from his mouth. ", "A man in a hat is kissing a giraffe."]
["A giraffe sticking out is tongue to grasp an item from a person's hand.", "A zebra eating fruit from a person's hand.", "A giraffe sticks out it's tongue for a treat", "Somebody holds a giraffe's tongue and puts food on it.", "A giraffe has his tongue out and a hand is feeding it."]
["A man has stopped in the middle of the street and his hands are full.", "A guy standing in the street holding some stuff.", "A man standing in the street holding papers", "a person standing in the street and holding papers", "a person walking on a city street near a traffic light"]
["a close up of a person hugging the head of a giraffe ", "A young woman is hugging the head of a giraffe at the zoo. ", "A woman hugging a giraffe's face while another woman takes her picture. ", "A girl hugs the head of a giraffe while someone else photographs it.", "A giraffe reaches its head past the top of its enclosure to allow a young girl to stroke it, while a woman that is standing in front of several other people looking inside the enclosure takes a picture.  "]
["A bench overlooks a lush, green valley below.", "a park bench overlooking a scenic mountain valley", "A wooden bench in the grass on a field.", "A bench sitting in the grass overlooking trees.", "A bench sitting on top of  a lush green hillside."]
["A traffic light on a street with some people.", "there is a very large white building in the middle of this street", "An intersection in front of Notre Dame in Paris.", "catheridal in a large city before services are to begin.", "a traffic light some people trees cars and buildings"]
["A traffic signal showing that it is safe for horses to cross.", "a black traffic light some buildings and trees", "A traffic light above street with trees around it.", "The traffic lights are pointed in two different directions.", "A stop sign with a horse signal is shown."]
["A bench on top of stone tiles surrounded by trees.", "A wooden bench sitting next to a forest with lots of trees.", "A blue park bench painted blue sits on a blue sidewalk.", "an image of a skateboard on the ground", "A wooden bench sits leveled straight on a slanted ground."]
["A white an blue fire hydrant on grassy yard next to sidewalk.", "A fire hydrant on the side of a street.", "A fire hydrant at the corner of a street with houses in the background.", "A fire hydrant painted blue and white to match a house.", "A fire hydrant is on the corner in front of large, brick house. "]
["a police car between other parked cars one by a fire hydrant hum", "Police car parked behind a car illegally parked at fire hydrant.", "A street with parked cars along curb of one side, one of which is a police car near a fire hydrant.", "A police car is parked on the side of the road with other cars.", "A police car parked on the side of the road."]
["A man standing near a fire hydrant next to a city street.", "A man standing on a street next to a fire hydrant.", "A man in the city is by a fire hydrant.", "Adult male standing next to a fire hydrant. ", "A man stands near a gray fire hydrant that has a blue top."]
["a bus driving on a city street with trees", "A bus that is driving down the road.", "A red passenger bus traveling down the highway.", "a red and white bus some trees and people", "A red bus with advertisements on the side traveling down a road."]
["The red fire hydrant is next to a caution partition.", "A red fire hydrant beside a a small construction barrier.", "A fire hydrant next to a construction sandwich board", "A street barrier near a red fire hydrant", "A red fire hydrant sitting next to an orange hazard sign."]
["A wooden bench sitting next to a bunch of flowers.", "A wooden bench sits next to a building surrounded by yellow flowers.", "A bench is on cement surrounded by daisies.", "An empty wooden bench next to a long row of yellow flowers.", "A bench sits under a garden of daisies."]
["a number of sheeo in a field standing close to one another", "there are a group of lamb standing in a grass field", "A bunch of sheep roaming in an open field.", "A group of wooly sheep standing in front of an area with tall grasses.", "A group of sheep walking in a field."]
["A metal bench between two white flowering bushes.", "A garden containing white flowers and a black bench.", "a bench sits inside of a garden with flowers ", "There is a walkway lined with white flowers", "A gray mesh park bench sitting in a peaceful setting surrounded by flowers and plants."]
["A very cute goat standing in some very tall grass.", "Wildlife animal looking at fence from tall grassy area.", "An animal that blends in with the surround of trees and grass.", "an animal in a field behind a fence ", "An animal stands in the tall grass next to a barbed wire fence."]
["The young girl is standing by the fire hydrant in curlers.", "A little girl standing next to a green fire hydrant.", "A young child with rollers in her hair stands next to a fire hydrant on the side of the road in a city.", "A young girl in curlers by a fire hydrant on a city street", "A small girl with rollers in her hair, standing next to a fire hydrant on a street."]
["Adult lying obscurely on park bench in wide open area.", "A photo of a man on a bench taken sideways ", "A man laying on top of a bench on a dirt field.", "A man is sitting upside down on the bench. ", "A kid is laying upside down on a park bench."]
["A sheep being pulled by a person with a rope.", "group of people in green shirts and goat pulling on his leash", "A lamb that is around a group of people.", "A large white sheep standing next to a group of people.", "A man pulling a sheared sheep with a rope"]
["A wooden park bench placed up against a tree.", "Bench made from limbs and logs in a park setting.", "An  wooden bench under a tree in a park.", "A wooden bench sitting under a tree outside", "A bench and trees in a park with green grass and a walkway."]
["A red fire hydrant on an urban street.", "Red and blue fire hydrant sitting in the grass on city Street. ", "A fire hydrant in the grass near the street and a car.", "A fire hydrant on the side of a road", "an orange and blue fire hydrant a car grass and trees"]
["a group of giraffes run across a field", "A herd of giraffe running across a lush green field.", "Four large giraffes running swiftly through the grass.", "Four giraffes run at a rapid pace through a grassy area", "Four giraffes run across a field in front of trees."]
["Two people are sitting on an outdoor bench at night.", "Two people sitting on a reclined bench outside.", "some people are laying outside on some wood", "Man and woman reclining on wood bench gazing up.", "Two people laying on a wooden sculpture outdoors."]
["Wooden bench on hillside near grassy sloped area.", "Old wooded bench on a poorly mowed slope.", "An old bench sitting alone in a field", "A nice park bench sits in an open grassy field. ", "An old wooden bench in a grassy field."]
["A wooden bench surrounded by weeds has a dedication plaque", "A wooden bench next to a grassy hill.", "A very old wooden bench is surrounded by plants and woods. ", "An old wooden bench sits in the weeds.", "a close up of a bench surrounded by plant life"]
["There is faded green paint on a wooden step", "A horizontal view of the seat of a picnic table.", "A bench, with worn, green paint on the bench. ", "A weathered piece of wood that was once painted green", "Stairs that have some fading green paint on them."]
["A woman is sitting on a bench in front of the water.", "A woman is on a bench near the water.", "A pretty young lady sitting on top of a bench.", "a woman is sitting out on a bench", "A woman sits on a bench facing the water."]
["A red water hydrant in the field next to a road", "A fire hydrant sitting in the grass in a field. ", "A red fire hydrant in the grass in the shade.", "A red fire hydrant sitting in the middle of a grass covered field.", "A fire hydrant sitting in the grass near tree's."]
["A group of people are sitting on a bench", "Young people sitting on a bench and the ground in the woods", "a group of people sitting on a bench in the forest", "Several people sit on a bench in a lush green area. ", "People are sitting on a bench with a dog in a wooded area."]
["A bright red fire hydrant near a stop sign.", "A tall stop sign next to the road near a red fire hydrant. ", "A stop sign and fire hydrant at an empty intersection.", "a stop sign and a red fire hydrant grass cars and trees", "A red fire hydrant is next to a stop sign."]
["a red fire hidrent with red leaves everywhere surrounding it ", "A red fire hydrant sitting on top of red leaves.", "A red fire hydrant next to gray wall and red leaves.", "A red fire hydrant surrounded by red leaves.", "A red fire-hydrant in a park of some sort."]
["four adult giraffes and one smaller giraffe all in captivity ", "A group of giraffes gather around a fence at a zoo.", "A bunch of giraffes gathered around a feeding pole in a zoo.", "A group of giraffes standing together in their zoo enclosure.", "giraaffes tanding around a tree as people watching them "]
["A picture of four red Asian fire hydrants lined up.", "There are four fire hydrants out by the wooden fence.", "Four red markers in the ground near a wooden fence with Asian writing on them.", "Four fire hydrants that are close together with writing on them.", "four fire hydrants sitting in the ground next to a fence"]
["Twin fire plugs are planted just a few feet apart on the grassy strip", "Two red fire hydrants are surrounded by melting snow. ", "two red and blue fire hydrants sitting in the snow and grass ", "Two fire hydrants sit next to each other in the snow.", "a couple of fire hydrants sit on some snowy grass "]
["a brown and white dog is sitting in some grass and a red and white fire hydrant", "a dog sitting beside a red fire hydrant in a dog park ", "A brown and white dog near a red and white fire hydrant.", "A dog sitting in the grass near a fire hydrant. ", "A dog in the grass near a red fire hydrant."]
["A black and white cat is near a little dead bird on the sidewalk.", "A cat wearing a bib and playing with a mouse", "A cat in what seems to be a bib is kills a bird.", "A cat playing with an attacked wild bird on a sidewalk.", "A cat attacking a bird on the sidewalk."]
["A double decker bus parked in front of a tall building.", "A travel bus sits in front of a building while people board.", "a double decked bus stopped to pick up passengers", "a bus that is parked next to a building", "A double-decker bus stopping to pick up more passengers. "]
["An elephant in a field with white birds", "An elephant stands in a field with a flock of birds.", "A tusked elephant standing in an open field in the wild.", "an elephant  in a large field of green grass", "An elephant walking in a field with white birds."]
["A double deck bus parked along the curb in front of a building.", "a double deckered transit bus on a city street", "Guy walking pass a double decker bus parked outside of a store", "A large red and purple bus on a street.", "a double decker bus is parked on a street "]
["Bus 811 is pulling into a bus stop. ", "City bus parked near an event in a park.", "A bus pulls up to a bus stop on the road.", "A city bus on a street in Yishun.", "A city bus parked at a bus stop in a city."]
["A small bird perched on the lip of a teacup. ", "  A coffee cup is not a likely bird perch.", "a bird that is standing on a coffee cup", "A bluebird sitting on an empty mug, on a tray of dishes. ", "A bird perched on top of a white coffee cup."]
["An SBS Transit double deck bus on a city street.", "A double decker bus painted whit, purple and red", "The double-decker tour bus proceeds down the road.", "A double decker SBS Transit bus driving on the street", "A double decker bus is at a traffic light."]
["A public bus driving on a city street.", "A bus driving down street with a car behind it.", "A large SBS Transit bus is traveling down the street. ", "A red, white and purple bus is near a grass area.", "The commuter bus is traveling down the busy street."]
["A large white red and purple bus driving down a street.", "A passenger bus is pulled up to a bus stop.", "COLORFUL TRANSIT BUS SITTING AT THE BUS STOP", "A commercial bus is stopped in front of a building. ", "A bus with trees and building outside on street."]
["A double decker bus sitting in front of a bus stop.", "A Double Decker bus at a bus stop in front of a building.", "A double decker bus stops at a bus stop to pick up passengers.", "A double deck transit bus parked at a stop waiting for passengers.", "A double Decker bus is parked at a bus stop."]
["A double decker bus drives down a street lined with buildings. ", "A tall red and white double decker bus traveling past a two story building.", "A double level bus on an urban street. ", "A double decker transit bus is in the city.", "a white purple and red double decker bus and some buildings"]
["A tall giraffe standing in a forest on a grassy ground.", "The giraffe is a tall a the tree trunks near to it.", "A brown and white giraffe is standing among the trees.", "Lone giraffe standing in grass facing the camera.", "A giraffe standing upright near a group of trees."]
["A no parking sign posted to an orange traffic cone in the middle of a sidewalk.", "An orange cone holding a tow-away no parking sign.", "A 'No Parking' sign is attached to a traffic cone on a sidewalk.", "You should not park here anytime between 6:30 am and 4 pm except on the weekends.", "Orange cone on the side of the road with special instructions on it. "]
["A double decker bus traveling down the street in the day.", "Multicolor double-decker commuter bus driving on a city street.", "a public transit bus on a city street ", "the Dulux bus has many different colors on it", "A double high bus that is sitting in the street."]
["a purple red and white bus a man walking and some buildings", "A large bus on a open city street.", "a bus and a man walking at a bus stop", "Guy walking to catch the bus waiting at the stop", "The city bus has stopped at the side of the road. "]
["a giraffe walking on a street with trees", "A giraffe standing in front of dead trees.", "A giraffe standing in the dirt by a stone wall.", "A picture of a giraffe walking around its enclosure.", "A giraffe is walking beside toward the camera."]
["A city bus on a city street transporting people.", "A large long bus on a city street.", "A white and red bus on a street", "A bus is riding down the street with passengers.", "The city bus has pulled over to the side of the road."]
["a work desk with a monitor and keyboard", "The cluttered computer area is waiting for the owner.", "A small cockateil pecks around a computer keyboard.", "A desk top computer with a gird pecking at it's keyboard.", "A bird sits on a computer keyboard at a desk."]
["A book on birds located in Australia sitting on a shelf..", "a book of the birds of Australia and a stuffed banana in pajamas doll ", "a book about the different birds of australia ", "A bird book displayed on a counter top.", "A Field Guide to the Birds of Australia"]
["A closeup of a cream and orange colored cockatiel.", "A parrot with a yellow mohawk and an orange spot on his face perched way up high.", "A bird with bright yellow and orange feathers on a perch.", "A primarily white bird with gray black and orange highlights ", "A closeup of a bird perched in a room."]
["A bird standing alone in the water looking", "A white and brown bird with an orange beak and legs standing in water.", "A small bird standing alone in shallow water.", "A bird with its two legs in the water of what looks like the shore of a beach", "A bird is tapping on the top of the water"]
["A seagull on the waters edge of a beach holding a fish in it's mouth.", "A seagull holds a small fish in its beak", "Bird on wet sand with fish in his beak.", "A bird holding a fish in it's mouth.", "A tern stands on a beach with a fish in its beak."]
["A man is approaching a seagull on the beach.", "A man sneaks up behind a pelican on a sandy beach. ", "A man wearing a cap walking behind a bird.", "A man walking barefoot behind a bird on the beach.", "There is a man that is waking towards a pelican on the beach"]
["A seagull drinks water from a pool of water. ", "A bird digging the wet dirt at the edge of the beach.", "A very cute bird sticking its beak in the sand.", "A bird with its beak in the sand near the water. ", "A fluffed up bird looking for food in the sand"]
["A bird flying solo over a large body of water.", "A large bird is flying over a body of water.", "A white and black bird flies over a body of water.", "A seagull gliding over a body of water.", "Large white bird with yellow beak flying over the water."]
["A duck floating on a lake with gray and black feathers.", "An animal that is in some dirty water.", "A brown duck swims in some brown water.", "a white brown and black duck in some water", "A wild duck floating on the surface of a pond."]
["A tall giraffe standing next to a herd of deer.", "A giraffe standing up near a few deer", "a couple of animals next to a giraffe", "Two giraffes and several deer in a zoo enclosure.", "A statue of a giraffe is next to a barn."]
["A green street sign next to peoples houses.", "A street sign for an intersection in the countryside", "A suburban area with many trees behind a dirt road.", "View of a neighborhood located at Mayfield Street.", "the clouds rolling in over a few houses"]
["Two street signs read \"Dead End\" and \"College\".", "Two street signs reading \"dead end\" and \"college ct.\"", "The green and yellow street signs are next to a telephone pole.", "This site is telling us that the street is a dead end road.", "a close up of a street sign near a power pole"]
["A group of women standing at the side of a building", "A group of people standing around some turkeys.", "A group of women standing around each other.", "A group of people standing together with some turkeys.", "a group of woman standing before bags on a sidewalk next to a blue and red wall."]
["a man standing on the side walk while holding a sign ", "A man holding a sign with an expletive on it pointing to the right.", "A man holding a sign with an arrow and McDonald's symbol on it. ", "A man holding a sign with an arrow on it.", "A man standing next to a street near a street sign."]
["Several people walking on a platform next to a train.", "A family walking towards a train station with a train parked outside.", "People walking towards a rain station in the rain.", "a woman wearing a dress with a big pink flower on the back of it ", "A group of people walking down a  street on a wet sidewalk."]
["Characters from Cat in the Hat in front of a man and child.", "The Grinch and the Cat in the Hat in front of a girl.", "a man and a little girl sitting in between the grinch and doctor seuss.", "A child sits on her father's lap and watches people dressed as \"The Cat in the Hat\", and \"The Grinch\".", "Two people dressed up entertain a little girl."]
["A pile of dirty clothing stacked on top of the floor.", "there are many hats that are on this floor", "A small dog is covered in numerous hats.", "A black and white dog laying on carpet next to a white wall.", "This dog is hiding under several hats while laying on the floor."]
["A dog laying on the floor under a pile of hats.", "Either the dog likes hats or his owner thought this would be a good picture.", "A small dog laying on the ground in a room.", "A dog laying on the floor under a pile of hats", "A white dog lays under a multitude of hats."]
["A woman washing a lam with a hose.", "An elderly woman washing a dirty sheep with a hose. ", "A sheep is chained to a post as a woman holds a spray of water on it.", "Woman bathing a tied up sheep with water hose.", "A woman with a water hose spraying a lamb."]
["A couple riding on the back of a horse drawn carriage.", "a horse is pulling a white cart with two people a car and buildings", "A horse carrying a carriage with people riding in it.", "A black and white picture of a horse carrying a couple on a wagon. ", "A horse and carriage with two adult riders and a dog in a town street with cars."]
["A man rides a horse through a creek.", "A man rides a horse through the water in the woods.", "A man on a white, brown and black horse riding through a creek.", "A very big man riding a horse in the water.", "A man on a horse, riding through water."]
["Graffiti marks the side of a green train that waits on its tracks.", "A green passenger train painted with graffiti at a platform.", "A large green train covered in graffiti. ", "Graffiti covered train stopped at the train platform", "A train has graffiti on it and is parked"]
["A lot of birds on logs floating in the water.", "A group of birds that are sitting on pipes in the water.", "Many birds that are standing on floating logs.", "there are many birds standing on small logs in the water", "A large group of birds sitting on metal pipes in the water."]
["Sheep in a forest after the snow has melted", "Two sheep standing on a dirt field surrounded by trees.", "Two sheep with horns walking through the trees", "Two large sheep standing near some green trees.", "Two wooly sheep standing in a wooded area near some water."]
["A woman with a hat is using an umbrella.", "A woman is selling paper umbrellas on the street.", "A woman wearing a sun had is carrying a bag of parasols and has two opened.", "A woman holds two umbrellas in her hands.", "A woman on the street holding two umbrellas. "]
["A man doing farm work on a tractor in a field.", "A farmer on a tractor is mowing hay.", "A man who is in a field and on a tractor.", "a man riding a green tractor next to some cut grass ", "a man on a green tractor next to a field of cows."]
["Blue road sign directing traffic to the left.", "Multiple traffic signs including a large left arrow.", "A group of street signs beside a building.", "Multiple street signs are located next to each other", "City signs, including a blue circle with an arrow."]
["a group of cows standing on the side of a road.", "A heard of cows walking around at the side of a road.", "Cows and calves milling on a dirt road", "Some cows are standing next to a dust road. ", "A herd of cows are standing by a dirt road."]
["A street sign on top of a pole next to a large green tree.", "A brown sign marks the intersection of Front Ave. and Seventh St.", "Decorative street signs on a post in front of trees.", "a pole with some street signs on it in front of a tree", "A street sign at the intersection of Front Avenue and Seventh Street."]
["people at costume party dressed up in costumes", "A group of people in costume standing around each other.", "a couple of people dressed in costume ", "A few people are gathered around in costume.", "A group of people at a costume party posing for a photo."]
["A man in a suit and tie wearing a hat.", "A man dressed in business attire and wearing a fedora.", "A man wearing a suit and tie with a hat on his head.", "Black and white photograph of a man in a business suit and hat", "The man in the picture is getting ready to dance."]
["a yellow white and black bird and a bird feeder", "The yellow bird is on the outside of a bird feeder", "A yellow bird is perched on a bird feeder", "A bird that is sitting on a bird feeder.", "a bird that is eating at a bird feeder"]
["A two way street sign picture from a piece camera film", "Street signs point to their respective street corners", "A piece of film shows two street signs crossing each other.", "A film negative of a street sign crosswalk", "A view of a street intersection and the back of a stop sign."]
["A blue street sign with a cartoon cop warning about drinking and driving.", "A blue street sign that reads \"Don't Drink and Drive\".", "A sign with graphic of uniformed officer is posted in the street.", "Chinese sign that says Don't Drink and Drive.", "A sign that says \"Don't Drink and Drive.\""]
["a small statue is by a red sign", "a street that has some signs by it", "A statue next to a fence in the street. ", "a statue on a city street  next to a street sign", "A statue is displayed next to some odd street signs."]
["Train track running alongside a mountain with an orange train car in distance.", "A railroad track traveling along side of a rocky hillside.", "A vehicle is approaching on the train track. ", "There is a yellow vehicle on the tracks in the distance.", "A train is in the distance on some train tracks. "]
["Two birds that are standing on rocks near the water.", "Pelicans long beaks are a rather ugly feature.", "A couple of birds sitting on top of a rocky beach cliff.", "a couple of pelicans sitting on some rocks ", "TWO PELICANS ARE RESTING ON THE ROCKS BY THE WATER"]
["Two large birds sitting on top of large rocks.", "Two birds perched on rocks next to the ocean with a row of hotels in the background.", "There are two birds standing on rocks by the water", "two large birds some plants water and buildings", "Two pelicans sit on rocks along the water."]
["Two young children sitting side by side while eating food.", "Two children eating cake together at a party.", "Two babies wearing birthday hats with bowls of cake.", "2 young kids sitting on a couch celebrating their birthday. ", "an image of two children playing on the couch\n"]
["A couple of kids with some food on a couch.", "A couple of little girls sitting on top of a couch.", "a couple of kids are sitting with birthday hats", "Two young girls with Winnie the Pooh birthday hats sit on chair", "two children sitting on a chair with a plate of food "]
["Twin baby girls wearing hats eat ice cream.", "two girls eating ice cream at a party", "Two toddlers wearing birthday hats on a couch holding spoons near bowl of ice cream.", "Two young children sitting on a couch with food.", "Two little girls who are sitting on a couch."]
["A flock of ducks walking along a muddy road.", "A large group of birds walking together on the grass. ", "Several birds are walking along a muddy field.", "A bunch of geese are walking and standing in the middle of a dirt road.", "A flock of geese are wading in puddles on soggy grass. "]
["A large adorable owl standing on top of a green grass covered park.", "An owl is sitting int he grass looking up.", "An owl standing on the grass looking up.", "And owl sitting in the grass looking up.", "An owl looking up at somebody looking at it."]
["A train moving on a remote area with a river flowing next to the railway.", "A train approaches down a track going through the forest.", "a yellow train going around a curve past some trees ", "A yellow train moves through a heavily forested area.", "A train on a curved track near trees and shrubs."]
["A cat is sleeping on a computer desk.", "A cat is sleeping on top of a laptop next to a computer monitor.", "a cat laying on a laptop on a desk", "A cat taking a nap upon a laptop computer on a desk.", "A cat sleeping on a laptop on a wooden desk."]
["A train is traveling fast down a track. ", "Long exposure picture of a train passing by with trees lining", "A railroad track with a unique look to the picture.", "A train driving down the tracks on a cloudy day.", "A red train is moving down a track"]
["The street worker is holding a stop sign near a truck.", "A man standing in front of a semi holding a stop sign", "the man is holding a stop sign as the truck approaches", "The employee is outside directing traffic with the sign. ", "A man wearing a reflective vest, holding a stop sign."]
["a red stop sign is hanging on a pole", "A stop sign posted in three different languages.", "A stop sign, a vendors sign and trees.", "A stop sign in front of a gas station.", "A stop sign mounted on a pole in front of a gas station sign."]
["A small green bridge over a quiet looking road.", "A train going over a bridge by a concrete road.", "A bridge with a bus going over it ", "a train on an elevated track on a bridge", "A large long train on a steel track."]
["A patch of wild flowers growing next to a stop sign.", "A red stop sign sitting in front of a lush green field.", "a stop sign with wild flowers surrounding  it ", "A stop sign is erected next to a flower bush.", "A stop sign next to a field of sunflowers."]
["a parked train sits next to some people walking in a depot", "a train on a track near a platform ", "a green and yellow train is on some tracks", "The metro train at the platform is green and yellow. ", "A train that is sitting on the tracks."]
["A parking meter with a reserved space bag over it's right side.", "Two parking meter's with one covered and has graffiti on it.", "Two parking meters and one covered with a paper bag. ", "A parking meter with a reserved sign draped over it.", "There is a parking meter with one side covered up."]
["A train car has steps placed on the side of it.", "A red and yellow train car next to a concrete tower.", "A railroad car with stairs mounted and a garden area serves as a monument.", "A red and yellow striped trailer next to a white obelisk statue in a park. ", "a train boxcox that has been renovated as a structure"]
["An ambulance and police cars are stopped at the scene of an accident.", "An ambulance and police are on the side of the road.", "An ambulance, police cars, and firetruck attending to some kind of road emergency.", "An ambulance and cop cars at an accident in a street.", "An accident on a road with an ambulance and police on the scene."]
["A plow dumps snow into the back of a truck.", "A tractor putting stuff in the back of a dump truck", "a couple of big heavy trucks hauling snow", "a bulldozer pouring snow into the back of a truck", "a construction truck dumping snow into another truck"]
["A cat looks at the camera from a window sill", "Black and white cat standing beside a window. ", "a black and white cat moving at the edge of a window", "A fluffy white cat stands in front of the glass window.", "A very cute cat standing by a big window."]
["A cat exploring in plants next to a concrete wall.", "A cat intrigued looking up at something while sitting outside.", "A grey and white cat is looking up.", " A pretty gray and white cat watching something interesting ", "A grey cat among plants in front of a stone wall. "]
["A large truck next to some trees outside.", "a black and white truck some trees and grass", "An abandoned truck covered in rust is parked in a yard.", "An old looking truck in a garden which has broken trees", "An old truck parked in the woods. "]
["An old, run down truck that is rusted and parked in a grassy area.", "An old dairy truck abandoned in a field.", "An old dairy truck with rust on it sitting in a field.", "A rusty abandoned truck with \"Merrick Guernsey Dairy\" painted on the side.", "an old broken down home delivery milk truck "]
["Three cows are standing on the pavement next to a gate with three structures in the background.", "Three cows walking in front of a metal gate on a city street. ", "A few cows in the street in front of some buildings.", "A group of cows standing outside of someones driveway", "Three cows on a quant town street look at the gate to someones yard. "]
["Adults with pickup truck next to field with sunflowers.", "The pickup truck is parked near a field of sunflowers.", "Three people near a truck in a sunflower field.", "Group of men sitting on the back of the pick up truck in front of a wooded area. ", "A group of young people hanging out around a white truck."]
["a cat sitting on an open striped umbrella ", "A cat sitting on a striped umbrella looking up", "A cat standing on a top of a umbrella.", "a brown black and white cat is sitting on a black and white umbrella", "an orange white black and gray cat and a black and white umbrella"]
["A couple of large trucks in a corn field.", "Two trucks driving through a field with a white crane", "A red truck collection crops on a lush farm field.", "Corn being picked from a field and blown into a waiting truck.", "A red farm truck is getting filled with greenery."]
["A picture loaded with numerous things all inside. \n", "A view of cat sitting on a luggage bag, while its open.", "a black cat laying on an open suitcase ", "A black cat sits in the upper portion of a filled suitcase.", "A suitcase is kept open on bed for packing."]
["Two cows walking along the sand dunes at a beach.", "A cow is walking on the shore of a beach.", "Two cos standing in the sand near a beach and ocean. ", "A cow and calf standing on a sandy beach.", "A dairy cow and calf standing on a beach near an ocean."]
["A grumpy cat sits with objects balanced on his side.", "a cat with some items laid on top of him. ", "a cat on a bed with dishes on top of it", "A cat has a bunch of things placed on him.", "A cat sitting on a chair with a beer cozy and empty glass pie plate on top of it."]
["A black cat sitting on a chair at a table with plate of food and coffee.", "Cat sitting on a chair next to a table with a plate of food.", "A cat sitting on a chiar next to a plate with eggs and toast on it", "A cat sits on a chair next to a set table. ", "A cat sitting on the chair at a dining room table."]
["A cat sitting on a table behind a glass filled with wine. ", "A cat sitting by a glass of wine.", "A cat is sitting on the kitchen table staring at a glass.", "A cat is sitting in front of a glass of wine.", "A cat is sitting on a chair looking at a glass of wine."]
["A is cat seated near a wine glass. ", "A glass of wine placed next to a cat", "A cat and half empty glass of wine sitting on a table.", "Glass of red wine with mottled cat behind on table.", "A glass of wine sitting on a table in front of a grey cat."]
["a cat is outside looking at a computer screen", "A cat is seen leaning over a chair and looking at a laptop computer screen.", "A cat standing on a bench looking at a computer.", "A cat attempts to use a lap top computer while sitting on a brown wooden lawn chair", "A cat is looking at a laptop left laying on a hedge."]
["A rusted out dairy truck sitting in a  field with an old rubber tire leaning up against it.", "A run down dairy delivery truck in a field", "Rusting yellow dairy truck parked in a field next to trees.", "The rusted remains of a old truck is sitting next to a pile of tires near a park.", "an old dairy truck is rotting away in a field"]
["Parked vehicles and a crane on a road in the woods.", "A truck parked on the side of a road near a forest.", "A maintenance crew working with a cherry picker on a tree lined road.", "a truck moving through a path in the bush", "A large truck on the side of the road."]
["A herd of cattle grazing on a lush green hillside under storm clouds.", "The cows gather on the grass covered hill.", "Several animals in the grass looking at the camera.", "A group of cows standing in a grassy field", "a small herd of cows standing on a grassy hill"]
["There are two cats sitting on a window ledge. ", "Two kitty cats sitting in a window sill. ", "Two black cats sitting in a window ledge. ", "A couple of cats sitting on top of a window sill.", "Two black cats sitting next to each other on the windowsill. "]
["A cat is looking out of a glass door with a reflection.", "A cat is sitting and waiting at a glass door with a car parked at the curb.", "a cat on the inside part of a closed clear door", "A white and brown cat sits in a window while a white car is seen in the window's reflection.", "A tan and white cat looking out a storm door."]
["two long horned steers on the prairie enjoying themselves", "Cow and steer mating in a dry countryside.", "two cows on a hill with a mountain background", "A cow mounting another cow in the desert.", "A cow is standing on top of another cow."]
["A white boat floating on a lake under mountains.", "A yacht next to smaller boats docked on water.", "A large boat and two smaller boats in a row. ", "Several boats in the water docked at a port.", "A very large yacht is docked next to several sailboats."]
["A herd of cattle and a dog hanging around on a hay covered ground.", "A couple of cattle and a Labrador in the corral.", "A group of cows standing around a small dog,", "A sitting dog surrounded by four cows. ", "White dog getting attention from cows in farm enclosure."]
["A group of cattle in a grassy field near a tree.", "A group of cows laying on top of a lush green field.", "Four cattle laying in a large green field.", "Four cows standing in a grassy field under a tree.", "A herd of cows grazes on a grassy field."]
["a sail boat and umbrella along a beach with tall grass", "A sailboat peaks behind the shrubs on the beach.", "An umbrella and sailboat on the beach just passed the grass.", "A sail boat floating on water next to a grass covered shore.", "A close up of a grassy beach showing an umbrella and wind board."]
["People walking in a field surrounded by a stone wall near a cow.", "there are people walking past a cow on a field", "Two woman and a man walking the grass near a cow. ", "A group of people in grassy area next to a brow and white cow.", "Three people are walking in a grassy field past a cow."]
["An animal standing on concrete in an enclosed area.", "A young black cow standing on top of concrete pavement.", "a close up of a cow near some buildings ", "A black calf stands in front of a wooden building decorated with images of Hindu deities.", "A YOUNG BLACK COW IS IN SOME SORT OF OUTDOOR INCLOSURE"]
["A herd of cows are grazing on short grass.", "A herd of cows grazing in a grassy field", "Large herd of cattle spread out in a green field.", "Cows standing around in the pasture looking around. ", "A flat field with red and white cows."]
["there are several cows that are seen laying in the grass", "A bunch of cows that are laying in the grass.", "The cows are laying down in a straight row.", "some brown black and white cows on some grass", "A herd of cattle standing on top of a grass covered field."]
["A tiger cat sleeping on a bed next to an open laptop computer.", "Tiger cat sleeping next to an Apple laptop on a blanket", "A cat that is laying down on a bed.", "a cat napping next to a white laptop.", "A tabby cat sleeps beside a laptop on a blanket."]
["A cat putting it's paws on top of a laptop computer.", "A cat rests its paws on a laptop computer keyboard.", "Small white fluffy cat playing on a keyboard of a laptop computer.", "A cat with its paws on a keyboard", "A human and cat using a laptop computer."]
["A laptop computer sitting on a  table, next to a rocking chair.", "a small table with a laptop on top of it", "A wicker chair and table with a laptop", "a cat a chair a laptop a cord and a table", "A chair sitting on a floor next to two cats and a laptop."]
["a large white boat at a boat dock", "The boat is docked and ready to pick people up", "A man is standing on the deck of a large yacht.", "Large commercial boat docked with gangplank out and crew member on board", "Large yacht moored in populated area near mountains."]
["A cat sitting on top of a chair next to a teddy bear.", "A cat sitting on a chair in a room.", "a cat next to a teddy bear on a chair", "A cat is sitting with a teddy bear", "a cat sitting on a chair next to a stuffed animal"]
["A bull looking out of a wooden fence.", "A bull with long horns stands near a wooden fence.", "A cow is peeking through a fence post. ", "a single cow with horns looking right into the camera ", "A bull-like animal of some sort in an enclosed area."]
["The two cats are sitting on the blue chair.", "Two cats on a blue chair next to a remote.", "One cat asleep in the chair and one cat on the back of the chair.", "An orange and white cat sitting on top of a blue chair.", "A grey tabby cat and an orange tabby cat sitting on a blue chair"]
["Two men sitting around a laptop looking at the screen.", "A man at a laptop with another looking on at his screen.", "Two men stare intently at a computer screen while one works at the keyboard.", "Two men at a desk working with a laptop computer.", "two people looking at a laptop on a desk"]
["A picture of an elephant standing on top of a boat.", "An elephant riding on top of a ship.", "A an elephant is superimposed over a photo of a ship.", "An elephant is riding on top of a ship", "A collage of an elephant on top of a yacht says Wheee."]
["A man standing with his arms folded while smiling. ", "A man with glasses is smiling at the window.", "A man with glasses smiles towards a distance", "a man wearing glasses a red short and tie looking out a window", "A man in a red shirt and black tie looking out a window."]
["a man attemping to tie his tie ", "A man tying a windsor knot in his tie.", "A man adjusting his neck tie while wearing a blue stripe shirt.", "A man ties a tan tie while wearing a blue shirt.", "A married man tying his brown tie on."]
["Several boats sit on the water of the lake. ", "Boats sailing on a lake next to a forest.", "Three resting sailboats on a lake at sunset.", "Three boats out on the water at sunset.", "Several boats anchored on a beach in the fall."]
["A group of ferry and sailboats are sitting on the water.", "A marina crowded with sailboats on calm blue water. ", "A group of boats floating in a harbor under a blue sky.", "Many boats are docked directly beside one another.", "Multiple boats are docked on the water by a pier."]
["A man wearing a black jacket, tie and sunglasses.", "a man in glasses and a tie makes a fist", "A man standing outside flexing his arm and smiling", "a man is smiling with his fist aimed at his cheek", "A person dressed up taking a picture at a street with his fist up"]
["Two large elephants and a small elephant walking off a road.", "A group of elephants standing by the road", "The back ends and legs of three elephants, including a baby, are seen on the side of a road.", "Three elephants crossing a street in the wild", "The backside of three elephants standing on the side of the road."]
["A white sail boat sailing towards a desert island.", "In the bright blue water, a lone sailboat drifts by an island made of rock.", "A lone sailboat floats near a small island with a tower.", "A sailboat passes by a rocky island with a lighthouse.  ", "A sailboat in the water, near a rocky island with a lighthouse on it."]
["a business man posing for a stock photo and cheesin mad hard", "A man in a business suit standing next to a wall", "A man in a suit and tie posing for a photo in a large building.", "A man in a suit and tie posing for a picture.", "A smiling man dressed in dark colored business attire."]
["A group of people scrubbing down their elephants", "A group of people in the water bathing elephants.", "the village people cooling the elephants off in the river", "A group of people washing two elephants in a river.", "people washing elephants laying in the water "]
["A group of raft boats sitting on a river side.", "Several boats are docked under a tall mountain.", "A body of water with many people and boats and mountains in the background.", "a bunch of hills and a house build into one next to the water", "A couple of boats near a short line near tall mountains."]
["Man in a suit sitting down and starring ", "A young man dressed in a suit jacket and tie sits with his hands in front of him.", "A man sitting down with an angry look.", "a vintage photo of a man in a suit ", "A man in a suite sits at a table. "]
["A large collection of boats parked in the waters of the dock. ", "People on a dock near boats in the water.", "A crowd of people walk on the edge of a harbor. ", "Overlooking a harbor with multiple boats and a crowd of people on the dock.", "An overview picture of the marina and city", "A city view overlooking a marina with several boats "]
["people crossing a city street in the rain", "many people are walking across a street carrying umbrellas", "A group of people crossing a street while holding umbrellas.", "people crossing the street in the rain while holding umbrellas.", "People with umbrellas file across a crossing two by two."]
["Several sailboats in the water docked at a marina. ", "several boats docked at a marina with clear water", "Numerous boats displayed in a lake outside large buildings", "A row of boats in a harbor next to buildings.", "A bunch of boats floating in the water "]
["A man holding a elephant with some kids on the top.", "A man walking a small elephant with two riders on it.", "Two children are sitting on an elephant by water.", "An elephant being ridden by a girl and a woman.", "A man is walking next to elephant with two kids on its back."]
["The man in a black tie sits in a chair with his shirt sleeves rolled up.", "A man with a tie sitting down outside.", "A man sitting on the ground in front of chairs.", "a male in a white shirt and black tie", "a man wearing a white shirt and black tie "]
["A beach on a sunny day with a bunch of people on it.", "The sandy beach has people with umbrellas and surfboards.", "People are enjoying the beach under rainbow umbrellas.", "A beach with groups of people under colorful umbrellas.", "People enjoying themselves on at a beach with beach umbrellas and surfboards."]
["A young man holding up a green bottle as he drinks", "Man wearing a dress shirt and tie holds a bottle up to his face. ", "an image of a man holding a beer bottle in front of his face", "A man wearing a tie and dress shirt and drinking a beer.", "A man drinking from a bottle of beer."]
["a young elephant walks with adult elephants along a dirt path", "Three large elephants and one small elephant walking through a dusty field.", "A baby elephant trying to keep up with the pack.", "A group of elephants in dirt field with grassy area in background.", "A small baby elephant walking with other larger elephants"]
["A man with a beard and mustache wearing a black tie.", "A man with a beard in front of a checkered tile floor.", "A bearded man wearing a tie near a black and white floor.", "A man wearing a tie is sitting down on the checkered floor", "A man with a beard looks pensive and wears a tie."]
["People rowing several canoes on a small pond.", "Couples enjoying a day on the water in row boats. ", "people in different boats rowing around a lake", "People in groups of two rowing boats on the water.", "The pond, surrounded by trees, and a fence on one side, has several row boats in it, as people paddle them around on a sunny day."]
["Some elephants grazing around outside in front of  brick housing.", "Two large elephants are standing besides each other ", "A young elephant poses beside an older elephant.", "two elephants walking in captivity with a building in the backgroun", "Two captive elephants stand bored behind the fake stone fence. "]
["An ornate wood clock with carvings on the face.", "A gold and brown clock shows 6:39 for the time.", "This antique and ornate clock is displaying the time", "This clock is only the face part of a grandfather clock ", "A clock face where it is indicating it is almost six forty."]
["Two elephants standing near each other in a grassy area.\n ", "Two elephants standing in a grassy patch in the savanna.", "A couple of elephants standing on top of a grass covered field.", "Two grown elephants stands next to each other out in the field", "Elephants in the wild are in danger of losing their ivory. "]
["A elephant that is stepping on to the road.", "a single elephant crossing a narrow road ", "An elephant meanders across a dirt road in the wild.", "An elephant is crossing a gravel roadway from right to left.", "An elephant is crossing a dirt walking path."]
["Two elephants walking through a lush green field.", "a couple of elephants standing in a field of grass", "Two elephants are walking through the tall grass.", "Two elephants in a wooded and grassy area.", "Two elephants are roaming in a field of grass."]
["A herd of elephants walking among the grass.", "A small herd of elephants standing in the grass", "A group of elephants standing in a field in front of trees.", "A herd of elephants walking in grassy area with trees in the background.", "an image of several elephants herding in the pasture"]
["a elephant that is in some tall grass", "An elephant stands alone in the grass and sunlight.", "an elephant with both tusks is in a field", "An elephant standing among various types of foliage", "An elephant standing in tall grass surrounded by trees and shrubs."]
["A group of boats that are sitting in the water.", "a number of small boats on a body of water ", "A marine filled with lots of boats on top of a body of water.", "View from a park of a marina and mountains in the distance.", "Fleet of sailboats without sails moored in a marina."]
["A food cart sitting on the side of a crosswalk.", "A person crossing next to a food vending cart", "food cart covered by umbrella and tarp in asia", "a person walks next to a empty cart ", "A man looks at his phone while he walks by a food cart at a store."]
["A young man is holding a baby on his lap.", "A young baby is being held by a man with a goatee. ", "A man holding a young child on his lap.", "a young kid holding a mans had while sitting in his lap", "A man in a purple shirt and tie holds a baby girl."]
["A man in a dress shirt holding a baby.", "a man holds a young child in his arms", "a man in a purple shirt holding a small baby.", "A man sits at a table with a child in his lap. ", "The man is holding the child's hand beside the table."]
["An elephant in the water inside its exhibit.", "An elephant in an enclosure walking in a water hole.", "An elephant in a water hole under a waterfall.", "an elephant is enjoying a swim in his pen", "An elephant is walking in the water by a fence."]
["A man wearing a purple tie holding his hand up to his face.", "a man takes a picture and looks very serious", "a close up of a person wearing a shirt and tie", "A man in a shirt and tie glares up at the camera person", "Guy in a shirt and tie sits with his hand on his face"]
["A couple is standing by a picnic bench under an umbrella.", "A couple under an umbrella looking into the distance. ", "A couple standing under an umbrella in a park.", "A young couple standing in the rain under an umbrella.", "A man and a woman stand under an umbrella."]
["Adult and children Elephants walking together across the plains.", "A herd of elephants walking away from something.", "A group of elephants walking by a tree in the jungle.", "A group of elephants among the trees in the field.", "A group of elephants sitting in the middle of the forest."]
["A group of elephants gathering around a body of water.", "A herd of elephants standing around in the wild.", "A photo of an outdoor with many things in the scene.\n", "A herd of elephants walking into a small watering hole.", "A group of elephants walk near a pool of water"]
["A man is laying down wearing a suit and sunglasses.", "A man in a vest and tie leaning against a wall.", "A man wearing sunglasses while leaning against a blank wall.", "a man with a beard sunglasses and a blue tie", "A man with his hands behind his head leaning against a wall."]
["Children taking a ride on an enjoyable ride on an elephant.", "An elephant walking with a handler giving children a ride around an arena.", "Several people are riding a brown elephant at a circus.", "five people sitting on an elephant in a circus center ring", "Several children are riding an elephant at the circus."]
["A man walking an elephant inside of a circus ring.", "Circus elephant being led around circus ring with four children riding. ", "A man leads an elephant giving rides to children.", "A man in glasses is walking an elephant with kids on it.", "A man guiding an elephant holding several kids on it."]
["A person and a large elephant standing together.", "A man standing on top of an elephant.", "An elephant in an arena with two men at task.", "An elephant is walking in a ring with trainers.", "A man attempting to put a rug across an elephant."]
["A man in a gray suit and a red tie.", "A man wearing a suit is looking across the room.", "A man with black glasses wearing a suit and red tie.", "a man is posing in front of a wooden closet door", "A well-dressed man with glasses stands in front of a closet."]
["A stone and sand area leading to a slope with stone and grass terrain.", "A leaf covered field next to a platform with an umbrella.", "A beach scene with a variety of shells on the ground", "A patio with people on it beyond a sandy and rocky beach.", "A beach is featured with critters crawling on the shore."]
["Two elephants that are standing in the dirt.", "There are two elephants standing around some rocks and trees", "two elephants near a pond at a zoo", "Two elephants that are walking together in an enclosure.", "Two elephants from side standing one in front of another in an outdoor natural enclosure with rocks, dirt and trees, and a group of people looking at them in the distance from other side of a wall."]
["a young boy playing with an elephant while a baby elephant watches", "A boy holding a stick in his hand touching the trunk of an elephant while another elephant looks on.", "A child touching the trunk of an elephant.", "A young boy is training an elephant by probing the trunk.", "A little boy is reaching out to touch an elephant's trunk while another elephant watches."]
["A man with sunglasses under a blue striped umbrella.", "A man with sun glasses under a big umbrella.", "A man standing under a blue striped umbrella.", "A man in sunglasses under a blue and white umbrella.", "a man standing under an umbrella and a clear blue sky"]
["A boat that is on the dock still attached. ", "A sailboat docked in a harbor on a party cloudy day", "A sail boat docked in the water ", "The luxurious boats are anchored in the pier.", "a harbor with a blue boat as the focus"]
["An old suitcase made into a fabric covered bench", "an orange suitcase on a table and a green cover", "This is a picture of an orange suitcase bench covered in green fabric. ", "a cushion topped orange  suitcase with legs", "A suitcase has been re purposed into a charming bench seat."]
["The people walk along the path near to the stores. ", "People walking on a city sidewalk where there are shops.", "A variety of people walk down a path with shops.", "A sidewalk area with people walking about next to buildings.", "many different buildings near one another near trees"]
["A women who is holding a small child in a room with lots of luggage.", "A room filled with suitcases, and a woman holding a baby behind the suitcases. ", "Woman standing in a living room crowded with furniture. ", "Lady holding a baby standing in a room with lots of suitcases.", "Woman with her baby in a messy room full of luggage."]
["A group of four men riding a rowboat across a river.", "Four men rowing a boat in the same rowing clothes.", "Crew team rowing yellow craft on calm water.", "A group of men row a race boat across the water.", "A team of people rowing a boat in the ocean"]
["A man standing on a football field during a game holding an umbrella surrounded by football players.", "A man holding an umbrella in the rain at a foot ball game.", "Football players and a coach hold umbrellas on the field in front of empty bleachers.", "a coach standing by his young football players while holding an umbrella in the rain", "a youth football team stand together on some grass "]
["A dog is lying on the back of a small boat.", "A dog is sitting on the very back of a boat. ", "A dog laying on the back of a boat in the water.", "there is a german Shepard that is sitting on the back of the boat", "A dog laying on a boat that is docked."]
["A group of people walking in the rain while carrying umbrellas.", "A couple of people walking with umbrellas during the day.", "A group of people standing with umbrellas. ", "A crowd of people on a rainy day with umbrellas at an event", "People are standing outside holding umbrellas near a banner."]
["A park filled with lots of people standing under trees.", "Some people are in the grass land and watching something. ", "A lot of people holding umbrellas and standing in a grassy area.", "A group of people walking around in the rain.", "A man has his umbrella folded up while the rest of the people have theirs open. "]
["A man carrying a blue piece of luggage near an escalator.", "Going down an escalator with a suitcase on wheels.", "Man with blue suitcase riding the down escalator", "A man is holding his luggage down the escalator.", "a person holding their suitcase and riding an escalator down"]
["several dogs behind a crate with hay on the ground", "Four hounds peek out from behind a latticed gate. ", "ALL THOSE HUNTING DOGS READY FOR THE CASE.", "The beagles are penned in, but two have pushed their heads through the openings in the splintery wood slats.", "Two brown and white dogs standing next to each other a fence."]
["A little child holding a blue umbrella while walking across a wet parking lot.", "A child followed by an adult holds an umbrella in the rain.  ", "This little girl knows the importance of protecting her toys from the rain.", "A small child holding an umbrella in front of a person with a handbag. ", "A little boy is carrying an umbrella and a bag of blocks."]
["A baby walks down a brick sidewalk as she carries a blue umbrella.", "A little girl holds an older person's hand while walking on the sidewalk.", "A child walks down a sidewalk holding an umbrella. ", "A young girl is walking with an umbrella.", "A young child holding an adults hand wearing rain boots and carrying an umbrella"]
["two people with ,two umbrellas walking along a pavement.", "this is a pair of women walking in the rain", "A black and white photo of two people with umbrellas.", "A group of women walking down a walkway with umbrellas.", "Several people walking down a path and holding umbrellas."]
["A boy holds two small dogs each in a large sneaker.", "Two small chihuahua dogs sitting in side a boys shoes.", "a young boy looking at two little dogs sitting in tennis shoes ", "A boy smiles while two little dogs are inside of two tennis shoes.", "A smiling boy has dogs in tennis shoes."]
["a man in a cop uniform while holding a red and white umbrella and standing on a pole ", "a man dressed in riot gear wearing a face mask and holding a red and white umbrella ", "a statue of a man as he holds an umbrella ", "A man in a costume is holding a red and white umbrella.", "A man with an oxygen mask on his face, holding an umbrella."]
["An old motorcycle parked on the side street with an umbrella over it.", "A motorcycle parked next to a umbrella on a rain soaked road.", "A motorbike is parked on a street next to abandoned furniture.", "A motorcycle is parked on the street with an umbrella on it.", "A red motorcycle is parked near a curb and cover by a red and blue umbrella."]
["A family of elephants standing on a grass covered field.", "three elephants walking in a field near one another ", "Some very cute elephants in a big field.", "Two elephants walk in their enclosure with a baby elephant.", "Two adult and one baby elephants walking together."]
["A group of spectators watching a woman drag her luggage.", "A photo of a woman with long hair wearing a short blue dress rolling with a suitcase on a street with a crowd of people watching her.", "Lady with long and tall hair pulling a suitcase down a crowd lined street.", "a woman with very long hair pulling a suitcase through a city", "A woman in blue dress pulling luggage in street."]
["A black cat sits contentedly in a suitcase.", "A cat with a lethargic look sitting inside a suit case.", "The black cat is inside of a purple suitcase.", "A black and white cat laying inside a red suitcase.", "A cat lying down in an open suitcase."]
["A view of a few bags of luggage sitting on the ground.", "Packed luggage of suitcases, a laptop, and a child's pull toy.", "Two suitcases and a dummy  on the floor", "Different suitcases lay on the ground with one open", "two black suitcases one is open and a white bag"]
["A ship filled with luggage next to a life saver floating in water.", "Shot from boat deck with life preserver and suitcases alongside rail.", "Packed luggage near an orange raft on a docked boat", "Sailing allows you to explore isolated inlets and fjords.", "A suitcase on a boat in the water."]
["A brown teddy bear standing next to a  tooth brush.", "The stuffed bear is next to an electronic toothbrush and a book.", "A stuffed bear next to a toothbrush, a book and a small sheriff's badge. ", "An electric toothbrush, teddy bear, plant, fake sheriff's badge and a book.", "An electric toothbrush, a plastic teddy bear and a novel "]
["A large black bear standing by a tree.", "A black bear walking in the grass near a tree.", "A bear on all fours walks toward trees. ", "The black bear is walking in grass near a tree. ", "black bear walking next to a tree and shrubs"]
["A black bear sitting on the grass beneath a tree", "A bear lounging in a clearing in front of a tree", "A small black bear laying down on a grass covered forest.", "A black bear laying on the ground by a tree.", "Black bear lying on grass while facing the camera."]
["a man riding a skateboard with his dog.", "A man on a skateboard walks a dog on a leash.", "A boy on a skateboard walking a dog on a pavement.", "A man skateboarding while walking his dog. ", "A man walking his dog while riding a skateboard"]
["A woman dancing in front of a large mirror.", "A woman standing in a dance pose in front of a mirrored wall.", "A woman posing on a dance floor in a studio.", "a woman doing a pose in front of people ", "Woman standing on floor performing with onlooker nearby."]
["a little teddy bear stands on a table next to a chocolate dessert", "A teddy bear and what looks like a sponge, sit in front of two teacups by a window.", "A small stuffed bear and cup on table.", "A table setting with coffee cups and a plate with a teddy bear and a dessert.", "A teddy bear is posed by a dessert on a table with coffee cups."]
["BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO OF WOMAN HOLDING UMBRELLA", "A girl with umbrella sitting in a stream of water by some rocks.", "A woman leaning against rocks, sitting in water with an umbrella.", "A woman is sitting in water with a umbrella in her left hand.", "A woman holding an umbrella sits under a waterfall."]
["A large brown dog laying net to brown wooden barrels.", "A brown dog asleep on a porch next to liquor bottles.", "A gold colored dog lays nears some barrels on a wooden deck.", "Dog laying by supplies on a wooden deck.", "a dog relaxing on a deck with wine bottles"]
["The suitcases are on the pavement next to the brown bench.", "A green plastic chair sitting next to a wooden bench.", "An outdoor patio area with a wooden bench, plastic chair and a black piece of luggage with a closed umbrella resting on top of it.", "A SUIT CASE IS ON THE SIDE WALK ", "A bag is sitting on a park bench next to a small luggage with an umbrella on top."]
["Various sized luggage and purple umbrella on the sidewalk.", "A pile of luggage and an umbrella on the concrete.", "A group of luggage and umbrella is on the sidewalk.", "Carry-on luggage and an umbrella on the sidewalk", "a group of suitcases sitting by a fence with an umbrella "]
["A woman's foot in a ballet flat next to two pieces of luggage.", "A woman stands by her luggage and carries a large bag. ", "A woman is standing looking down at luggage.", "A person standing with luggage in front of them.", "A woman standing near two pieces of luggage."]
["A hipster carrying a black bag of luggage on grass.", "A person on a sidewalk with a large suitcase.", "A guy with a suit case near a car.", "a person carrying a large luggage bag on a side walk", "A person holds a suitcase in their hands on the grass."]
["Luggage sitting on and around airline luggage carts on the tarmac", "A few luggage carts filled with luggage at an airport.", "White suitcase carrying cases outdoors at a runway. ", "Trailers are on an airport filled with luggage.", "Luggage is layed out on the tarmac next to a few luggage cars."]
["Woman grabbing her luggage at an airport terminal.", "A woman is picking up her suitcase at baggage claim.", "A woman grabs her luggage off of the carousel.", "many people picking their baggage at the airport", "Some bags are coming around at baggage claim"]
["A couple of suitcases that are in a terminal.", "Luggage is piled up in a lobby area while two people sit on a bench in the background.", "Two large suitcases sitting unattended at a bus station.", "a number of luggage bags on a floor ", "A variety of luggage sits in the middle of the room."]
["A brown teddy bear sitting on top of a chair.", "A teddy bear on a chair holding an open book.", "a teddy bear is sitting in a chair holding a book", "a stuffed bear is sitting on a chair", "A teddy bear setting on a park bench holding a book pretending to read."]
["A silver pizza pan sitting on top of a table with pizza on it.", "A dog sniffing at a plate with pizza on it.", "a dog looking very closely at a pizza", "A dog is standing with his nose close to a pizza. ", "A dog sniffing a pizza on a pizza pan "]
["A dog lies in the road chewing on a toy or a donut.", "A dog laying on a dirt road while holding a donut.", "A black dog chewing on bone in the dirt.", "A big very pretty dog laying down with a toy.", "A dog is chewing on something in a dirt"]
["A large bear is walking through its space at the zoo.", "A brown bear walking across a field near rocks.", "A big brown bear stands on a rock behind a viewing window at the zoo. ", "A bear is wandering around his enclosure at the zoo.", "A bear in a zoo walking around with people watching."]
["A large dog sitting at the foot of a couch.", "A dog lies on the floor next to a couch.", "a dog laying down beside a little couch ", "A dog is laying next to a couch", "A dog sitting on the living room sofa looking bored."]
["A woman in a skirt and colorful shirt kneeling down on floral fabric.", "Someone is wearing a skirt while sitting on their knees on a bed. ", "The girl in a tan skirt is sitting on a bed.", "a woman sitting on a bed with a black blanket with a floral design ", "A girl is sitting on the bed posing for a picture."]
["Two brown bears playing next to  a cave", "Two large brown bears standing neck to neck in a holding cage. ", "Two brown bears with their heads touching each other.", "A pair of bears being playful in a zoo exhibit.", "Two bears aggressively approaching each other in a rock formation. "]
["Two ladies with frisbee at the pitch playing", "Two girls standing in front of a metal fence.", "two young girls standing in front of chainlink fence with empty city field in background", "a woman with a hoodie holding a frisbee and standing next to a fence", "Two women pose for a picture against the fence"]
["A man sitting on a couch using a laptop.", "There is a person sitting on a couch with their feet propped against a table.", "A person has there feet up while on there laptop", "A person sitting on a couch with a laptop in their lap.", "A person is working on the laptop with their feet up."]
["A dog sitting on top of a made bed. ", "A dog that is laying on a bed.", "A large brown and white dog laying on top of a bed.", "A Shetland sheep dog laying on a bed spread. ", "The dog is laying on the bed by himself. "]
["A black bear is walking through the field", "a bear walking around outside, near a camp site.\n", "A black bear walking across a grass field.", "A black bear walking in the grass ", "There is a bear walking across the grass."]
["Are these black bears fighting or have they found their dinner?", "Two bears are playing in the lake while another is still. ", "two bears are brawling in a shallow lake", "Two bears in a lake wrestling for food.", "the black bears are fighting in the water"]
["There is a dog sitting down and yawning.", "A dog of some sort on a table of some sort.", "a small pug seated yawning in the sunlight", "there is a dog sitting in a room where there is sun", "A dog yawning sitting down with sun shinning on it ."]
["A brown and white toy dog looking in a mirror.", "The toy dog is positioned by the mirror on the desk. ", "A brown stuffed animal dog with a black collar sitting in front of the mirror.  ", "A toy pittbull dog and its reflection in a mirror", "a toy dog looking in a toy mirror"]
["A woman holding a dog in front of a mirror.", "A safety street corner mirror on a tree reflects a young couple embracing.", "A mirror with the reflection in it of people.", "the reflection of a person in a small mirror", "A circular mirror reflecting a person on a street."]
["A big dog is resting halfway out of the window.", "A dog with its head sticking out of the window of a building looking towards the camera.", "A brown and black dog on an open window", "The dog is hanging out the window of the building. ", "A dog leaning out of the window of an old building"]
["Two small dogs are in front of a black iron gate, one of them looking up at something. ", "Two dogs outside a fence sniff it. ", "two dogs on the porch peering through  a wrought iron gate", "Two brown and white dogs on patio outside of a gate.", "A pair of dogs looking through a glass barred patio door."]
["A kid gets ready to return a hit with a paddle.", "A boy standing on a field holding a frisbee in his hand.", "A bow standing at night on a football field with a Frisbee in his hand.", "A boy stands on artificial grass holding a Frisbee. ", "A kid on a field in the evening with a Frisbee."]
["A pair of people jump for a frisbee.", "A couple people in a field with a Frisbee.", "two people playing with a frisbee on a foot ball field ", "Two people playing frisbee football with one person outjumping the other to make a catch.", "A pair of people playing frisbee against each other on a field."]
["A big brown dog looking out a pretty glass door.", "there's a German shepherd dog looking out a glass door", "A dog looking out of a patio door as it rains outside.", "A dog is looking out a large window.", "a dog is standing and looking outside a window"]
["Two young men in the sunlight competing for possession of a frisbee.", "two people playing with a frisbee in a green yard.", "Two men running and jumping while they play with a Frisbee.", "Two men in grassy field playing a game with frisbee.", "a person in a field jumping to catch a frisbee"]
["A recliner chair sitting next to a table with a lamp.", "The animal is sleeping in the reclining chair.", "A small animal sleeping on a couch under a lamp", "an animal lying in a chair by some big windows", "An animal lying on a chair by a lamp."]
["This is a close up of a zebra's face.", "Some very cute zebras standing near one another.", "a close up of a zebra with another one in the background", "A zebra standing next to another zebra in a dry grass field.", "A closeup picture of the face of a zebra."]
["A brown and white dog runs on some brown grass near a Frisbee that is just sailing above the ground.", "A dog preparing to catch a frisbee in its mouth.", "A brown and white dog chasing after a Frisbee.", "A sheltie chases a red toy in a yard.", "A dog is playing a game of frisbee."]
["A white and brown dog playing with frisbee in the field", "Collie dog chasing an object in a yard.", "A dog trying to fetch something in the yard outside.", "a dog sitting on its hind legs with its mouth open", "A collie in a field tries to catch a wood board."]
["A zebra and boar running through a field.", "A zebra is running around in a grassy area. ", "A zebra and smaller brown animal are running in the grass.", "A zebra and a boar running in a field", "A warthog and a zebra running in a grassland."]
["Three Zebras grazing on the grass in a field.", "A group of zebras stand and graze in a field.", "Three zebra on the grassy fields grazing on a sunny day. ", "A family of zebras grazes on a grassy field.", "Three zebra are grazing on grass in an open field."]
["Some very pretty zebras walking on a dirt road.", "group of zebras walking down a dirt road together", "The backside of three different Zebras in the wild. ", "Three zebras walking on a dirt road together while other zebras are grazing. ", "Several zebras running together on a dusty road."]
["A herd of zebra walking across a dirt road.", "Zebras are crossing a dirt road on the plain.", "A herd of five zebras cross the dirt road.", "Several zebras cross the road in the desert.", "some zebras are walking across a dirt road"]
["The woman is playing Frisbee outside in the field. ", "A bunch of images of a girl playing in a field.", "people in the field playing frisbee very happy", "A woman playing frisbee in a park ", "Four pictures of a lady playing with a frisbee. "]
["Several views of mean playing with a white disc on grass.", "Multiple images compiled into a collage of men playing frisbee.", "Guys holding a Frisbee outside surrounded by trees.", "A montage of images is displayed, of a man playing frisbee in a park.", "A split picture shows a man with a frisbee in the park."]
["a collage of photos with people playing frisbee ", "Four different photos spliced together showing men catching frisbees.", "Men throwing and catching Frisbees in the grass.\n", "A group of people playing Frisbee in a bunch of different pictures.", "A bunch of different shot of people with a frisbee."]
["Multiple images overlaid of several women playing frisbee.", "Several pictures of girls playing some frisbee in a park ", "a woman in blue shorts grass trees and a frisbee", "A person throwing a Frisbee in many different pictures.", "Various images of a girl playing with a Frisbee."]
["A man has thrown a frisbee into a metal structure.", "A man throwing a frisbee and a rack with chains and wire.", "A man throws a yellow Frisbee toward a metal cage.", "The young man hurls his frisbee towards the metal structure.", "A man throwing a frisbee into a frisbee golf basket."]
["There are two an playing with frisbees on a yard", "Tow men playing frisbee golf in a backyard.", "This is a picture of two guys having fun on their lawn.", "two guys playing frisbee in the front yard by a tree in front of a house", "Two men playing frisbee golf in a front yard."]
["an image of zebras playing in the snow", "What in the world are these two zebras doing running around in the snow?", "Two zebras playing in a snowy field next to a rock.", "two zebras running in the snow next to trees.", "Two zebras run over a snowy ground. "]
["A man is playing outside with a Frisbee.", "A man is throwing something outside on the grass", "A man throwing a frisbee in a grassy area. ", "a man throwing a frisbee in a park", "A man rared back with a disc on a field."]
["two zebras are standing next to each other in their pen", "two zebras are huddled around a tub of grass ", "Two zebras eating in feeding area by a fence.", "Two zebras behind a cage standing next to each other. ", "Two zebras eating grass behind an open fence."]
["An adult and child zebra that are standing together in a field.", "A baby zebra standing next to it's parent on a green field.", "A mother and baby zebra in a green field.", "An adult zebra standing beside a baby zebra in a field. ", "Two zebras that are standing in the grass."]
["A zebra standing in a field next to a tall green tree.", "A zebra standing in a field looking downward.", "A lone zebra in a big field near a tree.", "A zebra standing in the green grass near a tree.", "a zebra in a field of grass with a tree near by"]
["Zebra grazing on dry grass in a fried up field.", "A mother zebra and her young on a grassy plain.", "a zebra and a young zebra in a field", "A zebra with its offspring grazing in the desert.", "Two Zebras in a brown field grazing and eating. "]
["Three zebras standing around looking while in the grass. ", "A group of zebras are standing on a grassy area.", "Three zebras are standing in the grass, while one stares at the viewer and other two stare off to the right.", "Some zebras are standing in a field together", "Some zebras are standing in the middle of a grassland. "]
["one zebra standing on some dirt with trees in the background", "A zebra looks like a horse each with unique stripes", "A large specimen of zebras, or African equids", "A zebra standing on rocks with an orange mohawk. ", "A zebra standing still on dirt and gravel."]
["A brown and white horse standing on top of a giant red chair.", "A horse statue sitting on top of a large over sized chair.", "A great view of an item in the picture.  \n", "A horse that is standing on a chair.", "A tiny wooden horse is on a big wooden chair."]
["The people is riding the horse and carriage in town.", "a couple of people sit on a horse pulled cart", "The one horse is pulling the carriage threw the city streets. ", "A couple of people riding on a horse drawn carriage.", "horse and buggy going down city street in traffic"]
["A close up of a zebra standing by a metal feeder.", "A zebra is eating while standing next to some hay.", "A zebra lowering its head to the ground.", "A tall zebra standing next toa  lush green forest.", "A Zebra grazing on practically barren ground searches for food."]
["There is a man guiding a horse along the beach.", "Man pulling a horse on the beach near the water.", "Man on the beach pulling the horse towards the water", "A man is trying to pull a horse along.", "a man leading a horse with a harness by the water "]
["Two zebras eating some grass together in an open area.", "Two Zebras are eating grass in a field.", "Two zebras in a field are eating grass.", "There are a pair of zebras grazing in the field.", "Two zebra grazing on grass in an open field."]
["A black and white striped zebra grazing on grass next to a pond.", "A woman walking away from a zebra in a pen.", "A zebra drinks from a small pond in a wildlife exhibit.", "A zebra drinking water standing in a viewing area in a habitat.", "A zebra is drinking water from a pond at a zoo."]
["A herd of zebra walking across a dry grass field.", "A group of six zebra walking across a dirt field.", "A group of zebras; four adults zebras and two young ones, from the side, walking in the same direction across the dirt with sparse grass in front and a few shrubs behind them.", "Several zebras walking together in the wild ", "A herd of zebras walking through a prairie. "]
["Two large horses stand nose to nose in an open field. ", "Two horses touching noses in a pasture with a farmhouse and fence behind them.", "Two horses are nose to nose in a field.", "Two horses nuzzle each other in a field.", "Two horses standing in a fenced in grassy field."]
["A horse has a cover over its mouth", "A horse has a feed bag under its mouth.", "A horse is standing in the dirt with its mouth covered.", "A brown horse standing in a dirt field with a feed bag.", "A malnourished horse is fitted with a sack over its mouth seemingly depicting animal abuse."]
["A woman is sitting on a horse next to the steps", "The backside of a spotted horse ridden by a female.", "A horse and rider beside a set of wood steps.", "A horse standing next to a stairwell and white fence.", "A person riding on the back of a white horse."]
["A woman sitting on  horse in a river. ", "A young man riding a horse in the river waters", "A woman sitting on a horse in water ", "a woman rides a horse through a body of water", "A woman riding a horse through the lake."]
["A herd of cattle and several men on horses are out in the desert.", "Cowboys herd cattle across an open grassy field.", "A herd of cows being followed by a cowboy on horseback", "A group of cows is being herded by men on horseback", "A herd of wild animals grazing on a dry grass field."]
["Women holding a toddler looking at a horse.", "a woman and her child looking at a horse behind a fence ", "A woman is holding a young girl up to look at a horse behind a fence", "A woman holding a toddler looking over the gate at a small horse.", "A woman and child looking at a horse."]
["a close up of a woman next to a horse", "A woman stands beside a horse, holding its bridle. ", "A woman in braids smiling as she leads a horse.", "A woman standing beside a brown horse holding the lead.", "A pretty young lady walking a horse in a stall."]
["A guy holding a horse while a little girl pets it. ", "Some adults hold a child who puts their hand next to a horse.", "A woman holding a girl petting a horse on the nose.", "The little girl is petting the horse while a woman hold her.", "Small children reaching out at once to pet a big horse"]
["View from out the seat of horse drawn carriage with man holding wine glass", "A couple drinking wine on a horse-drawn carriage ride through the countryside.", "The picture is taken from inside of a horse drawn carriage.", "I am unable to see the image above.", "Two horses can been seen pulling a carriage from the passenger seat."]
["Those horses have stopped to rest along the side of the road.", "A brown horse standing on the side of a road.", "Three horses standing and one horse sitting near a road. ", "A couple of horses on the side of a road.", "A couple of horses are on the side of the road. "]
["A woman in black jacket next to a black horse.", "A woman with a green hood on standing next to a horse that has reins on.", "A lady with a windbreaker and hood standing besides a brown horse.", "A woman with her head next to the face of a horse", "a woman standing next to a horse with a harness on "]
["a black chair a lamp some pictures and a fan", "A computer desk with a computer sitting on top of it.", "A desk has many photographs and other items on it.", "a computer monitor is sitting on a desk", "An office desk with a few pictures is shown here."]
["A baseball sitting in a baseball mitt on a blanket", "A catchers mitt with a baseball sits on top of a blanket.", "A baseball and glove, sitting on a striped blanket.", "Baseball glove with hard ball in mitt on colorful blanket.", "A baseball mitt and ball laying on top of a striped blanket."]
["a baseball player swings at a fast-moving baseball in a crowded stadium.", "He has his bat ready to swing hard at the baseball.", "The baseball batter watches the ball he just hit sail away.", "A baseball player on the backswing of hitting a pitch", "a baseball player hits a baseball with a bat "]
["A baseball player throwing a ball on a mound.", "some baseball players on a field playing baseball", "A pitcher throwing a baseball during a game.", "The professional baseball player just pitched the ball.", "A man throwing a baseball from a mound on a field."]
["A batter preparing to swing and a catcher prepared to catch the throw.", "A man in white baseball uniform and catcher.", "A ball player holding a baseball bat in a game.", "A person in a white uniform standing at home plate in front of a catcher.", "A batter prepares to swing his bat as the catcher awaits the pitch."]
["A plate full of doughnuts and bananas in the background.", "a bunch of banana on a table near some cakes", "Pastries and bananas on a table for breakfast.", "Rolls, bananas and milk are on a table.", "Many bread rolls sit on a plate next to bananas."]
["A man preparing food on top of a table.", "A man with a red apron cutting a piece of concrete.", "a man is at a table shaving some cheese on a pizza", "A man is wearing a red apron and cooking outdoors. ", "A man in an apron slicing bananas onto dough."]
["A team mascot that represents a lightning bolt with boxing gloves.", "A mascot entertains fans as baseball players leave the field. ", "A person in a costume and men in baseball suits.", "The mascot at the baseball game is on the field. ", "The comet is dancing for the football team."]
["Four skiers stop and turn to pose for a photo", "A group of people going skiing on a sunny day. ", "four people pose with skis on a snowy mountain", "A group of cross country skiers stop to have their picture taken in the field as the trail extends into the woods and up the hill in the background on a sunny day.", "a group of people riding skis on a snowy slope"]
["A desk with a laptop, computer monitor, keyboard and a mouse.", "The laptop shares the desk with  the conventional computer", "There is a laptop and a computer on the desk.", "A work station has a computer, and note board.", "A dry erase board is above two computers."]
["A baseball player is in mid air jumping toward a base.", "A baseball game where a player is running to 3rd base.", "A baseball player runs up to home plate.", "A baseball player crosses home plate to score a run.", "A runner is tagging home plate as the catcher looks on."]
["The person walks toward a vehicle with skis and ski poles.", "A young man walking across a snow covered ground.", "A person walking in a parking lot carrying a pair of skis.", "A person carries their snow skis while walking towards a vehicle.", "a person walks through the snow while carrying some skis "]
["A person on a field gets ready to throw a ball. ", "A pitcher getting ready to pitch a baseball at a game.", "A baseball player getting ready to pitch the ball.", "a baseball player getting ready to throw a pitch", "Pitcher on the mound about to throw the baseball."]
["The person in an apron is arranging boxes of fruit. ", "A woman that is standing near a bunch of fruits.", "A woman is standing in a area filled with boxes of fruit.", "A woman stands in the middle of the fruit stand.", "The woman is busy stocking her fruit stand."]
["A coffee mug with beverage in it, a banana and one packaged food bar.", "A cup of coffee is next to a banana and granola bar.", "a banana sitting between a coffee cup and a granola bar", "A fruit and grain bar, a banana, and a cup of coffee with cream", "A banana sits between a full coffee cup and a granola bar"]
["A close of up a half eaten chocolate cake.", "The remains of a piece of chocolate cake and a fork", "A white plate covered in chocolate cake and a fork.", "A white plate with crumbled chocolate cake on it.", "A plate off half-eaten chocolate cake with a fork."]
["Several condiments on a tray in a kitchen.", "Multiple signs hanging over a shelf containing random kitchen items.", "There are multiple signs hanging from a kitchen wall", "A kitchen counter top with lots of different things on top of it.", "Several plaques with sayings over crowded counter top."]
["A glass jar of fruit on a decorative table mat.", "A dish of some type of dessert on a table ", "A close-up view of a small bowl of food.", "Orange slices and raisins are on top of this dish in a bowl.", "A dish containing a variety of pureed fruit. "]
["Two men in a market area with various fruits and vegetables.", "Two men observing fruit and vegetables on a stand in the market.", "Vegetables, strawberries and bananas on display in a market.", "A table filled with bananas, tomatoes, cucumbers, strawberries, oranges, and other produce.", "An assortment of vegetables and fruit on display for sale."]
["A lot of oranges that are in some boxes.", "We see a close up of a large pile of oranges.", "Bushels of ripe oranges displayed in a market.", "A bunch of oranges at a produce center. ", "many boxes of oranges in some kind of market"]
["A man sliding into a home plate as another tries to tag him.", "A man slides to the base by another person.", "Several baseball players in the midst of a professional game.", "A player sliding a home plate in front of the catcher", "three players on the base ball diamond, all headed for a base"]
["A couple of kids that are on a baseball field.", "A little league game where the kid just hit the ball.", "A young kid swinging a baseball bat in a game.", "Two kids' teams playing baseball with one runner on first base and a batter up.", "An umpire watches over a baseball game played by children."]
["A stand features several fresh fruits in baskets, and hanging.", "A bunch of fruit on a wooden table in front of a brick wall", "A bunch of bananas and other fruits are at a fruit stand. ", "A open air market selling bananas and other fruit.", "A fruit stand with bananas hanging and fruit on the counter."]
["A store selling lots of vegetables and fruits.", "Fruit market with bananas sitting on the front of the display. ", "A fruit stand with a variety of fresh items.", "A fruit and vegetable stand has bananas up front.", "A display of many fruits for sale in an outdoor market. "]
["A produced shelf in a store filled with fruits and veggies.", "some people at an outdoor market with many different kinds of fruit", "Women perusing fruits at a street produce stand. ", "A group of people at an outdoor market near a fruit display.", "Women are standing in front of a fruit display in a market."]
["A person on skis going down a hill.", "A man skiing down a snowy slope next to snow covered trees.", "A SKIER SKIING ON A MOUNTAIN WITH TREES BEHIND HIM.", "A skier racing downhill past snow covered trees.", "A man in black is skiing down the hill"]
["a male wearing a blue jacket sliding down snow on a snowboard", "A man riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.", "A person on a snowboard in the snow.", "A man who is snowboarding down a hill.", "a person riding a snow board on a snowy surface"]
["A jar filled with different types of fruit on a table.", "A jar full of oranges, blackberries and raspberries.", "there is a small mason jar with fruits in it", "A glass jar filled with orange slices, blueberries, and raspberries. ", "The jar is filled with various pieces of fruit."]
["Jar of fruit salad, featuring peaches and berries.", "a jar that has some kind of fruit in it", "A variety of fruits and berries in a closed jar", "a glass jar is siting on a table", "A clear jar containing blueberries, raspberries, oranges, and liquid sits on a table."]
["A small kid reaching by a very big plate of food.", "A child showing a hat that has veggies attached to it.", "A young person reaching for vegetables sitting on top of a hat.", "A person holds a woven basket with raddishes and brocolli.", "A woman holding a container filled with fresh vegetables."]
["a baseball pitcher throwing a baseball to first base", "A baseball game is being played with a crowd watching.", "Baseball players play on a field in front of a large crowd. ", "A group of baseball players with the pitcher throwing the ball to first base.", "A team of baseball players standing on a baseball field."]
["A person standing at the plate in mid swing of a bat", "A baseball player standing in front of the catcher and empire, is about to take his swing. ", "people watching guys at home plate attempting to get a baseball", "A baseball player hitting the ball while onlookers in the stand look on wearing caps, hoods and jackets.  ", "Baseball players playing a game before a crowd."]
["A person wearing skis on a mountain top.", "A man that is in skis standing in the snow.", "A man with skis on a slope with mountains in the background.", "A man is in the snow holding his skies. ", "a guy skiing down a hill on some snow."]
["A man holding the unpeeled end of a partially peeled banana to his lips as though playing a horn", "An old man eating a peeled banana backwards.", "An old man blowing on a peeled banana.", "An older man holding and eating a banana", "an elderly gentleman is enjoying eating a banana"]
["A table covered with appetizers and a cake.", "A whole cake and some food on a table.", "A birthday cake surrounded by chips, dips, vegetables and fruits.", "A birthday cake and plates with chips and dip and veggies.", "A table has chips, fruit, vegetable, and cake on it."]
["Some asian cuisine is shown with vegetables and noodles.", "A closeup of a plate of food with vegetables ", "A bunch of unappetizing looking food is seen here.", "A vegetable salad in a bowl with a spoon in it. ", "a plate with bunch of diffent foods mixed together "]
["A woman sitting behind bananas, cucumbers and a pan.", "Various fruits and vegetables sold by a woman.", "A woman sitting in a street shop selling bananas, cucumbers and pears. ", "A very nicely dressed lady by a big display of food.", "A woman sitting on the ground with fruits and vegetables."]
["A person that is playing in a baseball game.", "A man catching a baseball with a catchers mitt on a field.", "A young man in a blue shirt and tan shorts watches a baseball player catch a ball.", "Baseball catching a baseball while keeping foot on base.", "A young baseball player is catching the ball while another gentleman looks on. "]
["A woman is picking bananas from a basket.", "A street vendor setting out buckets of bunches of bananas.", "a person putting bananas in baskets near a bench", "A woman is tending to the different containers of food. ", "Large bowls of banana bunches being examined by a female buyer."]
["A baseball player pitching a ball to a batter.", "A man pitching a ball on a baseball field.", "The men are playing a game of baseball on the field. ", "Batter warming up while watching pitched ball from mound.", "I am unable to see an image above."]
["A person riding a racing bicycle with a banana and sunscreen in their back pocket.", "A bike with a humanoid riding on it with a banana on it's back.", "A banana that is sitting inside of a pouch.", "A bike rider in a uniform for racing and a banana in their back pocket.", "a man on a bike and a banana in the pocket"]
["A man playing in a baseball game, running with his glove getting ready.", "this is a ball player in the middle of a game", "A baseball player wearing a catchers mitt on top of  a baseball field.", "A baseball player with a mitt on one hand.", "a professional baseball player throwing a baseball from a mound"]
["A baseball player holding a bat during a game.", "A baseball player is preparing to swing his bat.", "It's now mandatory that the batter wear a helmet to protect against head injury.", "A man holding a bat and another man holding a glove.", "Baseball player standing in the batter's box ready to hit."]
["A white plate topped with lots of chinese food.", "well cooked rice and vegetables on awhite plate", "The white plate is loaded up with Asian food.", "a large plate of food that is on a table", "A plate of food with some rice, meat, broccoli, and an egg roll."]
["A little kid playing second base at a baseball game.", "Young boys are playing baseball on a baseball field.", "Two children on second base waiting for a play.", "Two children on a baseball field the smaller one is clutched prepared to catch ", "A kid leaning in the field at baseball game."]
["The young pitcher is starting to throw a ball.", "A young baseball player pitching a ball to the catcher.", "A boy winds up to pitch a baseball.", "A baseball player that is holding a ball and glove.", "A boy is playing baseball on a field."]
["A team of young men playing a game of baseball.", "A baseball game in progress with the batter about to hit the ball.", "Two baseball players playing ball while people watch behind them. ", "A baseball game with the hitter attempting the bunt the ball and people watching from the lawn behind the third base line.", "A little kid playing a game of baseball during the day."]
["A man laying on a chair feeding a cat.", "A cat in a mans lap investigating an apple.", "A brown and white cat eating an apple from a persons hand.", "A cat standing on someones lap sniffing an apple", "a small black brown and white cat a person and an apple"]
["A field full of green plants and fruit.", "A garden with vegetables planted in it ", "A field with vegetables such as tomatoes and cabbage being grown in it. ", "Different types of vegetables are planted next to each other.", "A garden with broccoli, tomatoes and other vegetables"]
["A little kid riding a green skateboard with yellow wheels.", "a little kid riding his skateboard down the street", "A young person riding on a green skateboard.", "an image of a man riding a green skateboarding", "A young boy wearing a jacket rides a green skateboard down the street."]
["A bowl full of vegetables sitting on a table with a fork.", "A hand holding a bowl of broccoli and vegetables.  ", "A close up of a bowl of chopped vegetables.", "a person holding a bowl of vegetables with broccoli", "A stir fry vegetable dish arranged in a bowl."]
["A delicious pizza is shown here with some broccoli. ", "A pepperoni pizza topped with cheese and broccoli florets.", "A food dish contains cheese, broccoli, and sauce on a crust.", "A pizza with tomato sauce, broccoli and cheese.", " Pizza with toppings of Broccoli and tomato, cheese. "]
["A wooden surface shows broccoli heads and Brussels sprouts  laid on top.   ", "Little cabbages and brocolli sitting together on a table.", "Brussels sprouts and chopped broccoli on a cutting board.", "there is some broccoli and little cabbages on a cutting board", "a board that has some greens on top of it"]
["Blue and white plate with meat and brussel sprouts.", "A cooked steak with broccoli on a blue and white plate.", "A steak and brussel sprouts are on a plate.", "A plate with meat and broccoli on a table", "The pork chop dinner has a side of brussel sprouts."]
["a pot on a stove with assorted cut veggies in it ", "The bowl on the stove has broccoli and carrots in it. ", "Broccoli and carrots being cooked in a pan on the stove top. ", "A pot sitting on top of a stove filled with vegetables.", "A mix of broccoli and other items in a pan."]
["A couple of men sitting on a cement block on top of a skateboard.", "Two people sitting on a concrete block, with their feet on skateboards.", "Two skateboarders sit on a ledge with their feet on their skateboards.  ", "Two young skate boarders sit on a concrete bench at night.", "Two skateboarders sitting on a cement block with their skateboards underneath their feet. "]
["Broccoli and other vegetables are in a tray on the table. ", "A plate with asparagus, potatoes and broccoli on a dinner table.", "Potatoes, celery, and broccoli on one blue plate.", "Potatoes, asparagus, and broccoli served on a large blue platter. ", "a close up of a plate of food with broccoli"]
["The plate with many compartments has two orange bowls with food in them.", "This small tray offers an assortment of food", "A meal including meat, rice, vegetables and soup sits on a plastic tray.", "A tray of food with two bowls and utensils. ", "A tray of food has many different food on it "]
["a person drinking something near a tv ", "A woman takes a sip from a wine glass. ", "A woman drinking out of a wine glass.", "A woman holding a glass of red wine in front of a TV.", "A woman holding a glass with a floor lamp and tv on in the background"]
["Two people standing next to each other wearing skis.", "THERE ARE TWO PEOPLE THAT ARE STANDING TOGETHER ON THE SKIES", "Two people on skis taking a photo in the snow", "Two skiers stand next to each other outside on a snowy hill.", "A man and woman take a skiing break."]
["A walk way filled with white containers containing apples.", "A bunch of apples in large trays on top of wooden crates. ", "A fruit stand with fresh red and green apples. ", "Apples of green and red are in white baskets.", "Several different types of apples sit in white bins."]
["a bowl of pasta that has brocolli and cheese on it", "a small dish filled with cooked vegetables and pasta", "very well cooked meal on a pan ready to be eaten", "A colorful dish of broccoli and macaroni in a black container.", "A yummy meal with noodles and broccoli and cheese."]
["A man riding water skis while being towed by a wire.", "A man water-skiing holding onto a rope and wearing a life vest.", "A man is holding a rope and surf on the water.", "A man looks toward the camera while waterskiing.", "A man water skiing in a yellow jacket"]
["a piece of meat is on the plate with broccoli.", "The meal is prepared and ready to be eaten. ", "A plate of food with meat and broccoli on it. ", "a close up of a plate of food with broccoli", "There is broccoli on a plate with another vegetable that's been grilled."]
["A man riding a skateboard down the side of a ramp.", "A man on a skateboard going down a ramp while people are watching.", "People are watching the skateboarder do some tricks.", "Several spectators watch a skateboarder at a skateboard park.", "A skater performing a trick on a tagged ramp."]
["An egg and vegetable fritter is served with a side of broccoli.", "Food on a plate with some vegetables with a fork.", "A plate or broccoli and something else on it.", "Plate of food with mixed vegetables and wrapped vegetable portions.", "A plate of food with lots of vegetables."]
["Five glasses of different kinds of wine on a table.", "An outdoor table is lined with wine glasses.", "Five different wines are lined up in glasses on an outdoor table.", "Five wine glasses with different colored wines outside on a table.", "Five wine glasses with various types of wine lined up in a row."]
["A person with a helmet and knee pads on a skateboard. ", "A man riding a skateboard down the side of a ramp.", "A guy on a skate board on a steep ramp.", "a man that is skate boarding down a ramp", "Man riding a skate board on a skateboard ramp."]
["A meal in a container consisting of an orange, meatballs, carrots, and peas.", "Some very pretty food trays filled with some food.", "A child's lunch of fresh fruit and vegetables and meatballs.", "A try of food including meatballs and orange, carrots and peas.", "A blue container filled with smaller containers of food."]
["A young woman is happily setting up some apples for putting caramel on them.", "a person in a kitchen with many apples", "A woman standing over a pan filled with green apples, putting sticks in them.", "a woman sticking wooden stick into green apples ", "A woman preparing a dish with apples in a kitchen, with someone stirring a pot in the back."]
["A woman sitting on a bench holding a cookie in front of her face.", "A woman holding a sandwich in front of her face.", "A woman with goggles and a cookie seated on a  bench", "A young woman partially covers her face with a cookie.", "A very cute lady holding some food by her face."]
["a cutting board with a knife, tomato, and lettce on it ", "a close up of a tomato and a head of lettuce", "Slices of tomato and lettuce on a table where a sandwich is being prepped.", "A cutting board topped with tomatoes and lettuce.", "Lettuce, a knife and tomato slices sit on a cutting board."]
["A white table topped with different colored vegetables.", "A group of mixed, raw, vegetables on a table and in a bag.", "A large variety of fresh veggies displayed next to each other.", "These vegetables consist of carrots, pumpkins, peppers, broccoli, eggplant, and greens.", "Various whole vegetables rest on a white surface."]
["A table filled with plates of food sitting next to each other.", "Buffet-style food on a table, including bread, cheese, and vegetables.", "Dishes of freshly prepared vegetables laid out for a meal", "A variety of plated foods placed on a tiled table.", "Vegetable dishes and toasted bread are served on a mosaic table."]
["A bunch of vegetables that are in the ground.", "The green plants are growing in the garden.", "A garden consisting of a variation of healthy vegetable plants.", "Messy garden with an open plot, just beginning to grow.", "A garden with lots of green plants possibly a vegetable garden."]
["A person stirring a pot of stew with a wooden spoon.", "A pot that has vegetables and broth in it.", "A person stirring a pot of soup with a wooden spoon. ", "Someone stirring a pot of chicken noodle soup with a wooden spoon.", "A person mixing a stew of potatoes and onions on the stove top."]
["A man skateboarding down the street holding a bottle of water.", "A person holding a bottle while riding a skateboard. ", "a few people that are walking and on a skateboard", "a person riding a skate board on a city street ", "a person is riding on a skateboard outside"]
["a close up of a bowl of fruits and vegetables ", "A bowl with vegetables an fruit placed in it", "A bowl of cauliflower, carrots, cucumber and tomatoes with some fruits. ", "A bowl that has some apples, cucumber, carrots and tomatoes in it.", "some fruit and veggies in a white bowl"]
["A person holds a misshapen carrot over a kitchen counter.", "A person holding a carrot with other pieces of carrot growing from it.", "A person holding a disfigured orange baby carrot", "Someone holding a carrot that is oddly shaped.", "A person holding a sculpture made of carrot pieces."]
["A bowl of vegetable soup sitting on top of a table.", "Carrots, noodles, celery and bread in a soup.", "A soup type food with cooked carrots in a red bowl", "Cup of mixed vegetables with a spoon sitting in the middle. ", "A meat and vegetable stew in a red bowl."]
["A group of people on skis posing for the picture ", "Multiple skiers posing on top of a mountain.", "a couple of people in skies are in the snow", "Several people standing next to each other while on their skis. ", "A group of people standing next to each other on skis."]
["A piece of chocolate cake and fruit served with a glass of milk ", "A cake covered in sugar on top of a white plate.", "A pastry and glass of milk sitting on a table.", "a table having a plate with a dessert, glass of milk, and fork", "a plate with a small dessert and some fruit "]
["Trays of snacks and a bottle of wine.", "Two rectangular plates of food, a bowl of soup, and a bottle of wine.", "Two plates are filled with vegetables, fruit, cheese, and meats and a bottle of wine is behind them.", "A platter filled with fruit, veggies and dip sits on top of a table.", "Snacks and wine are displayed on the table"]
["an older male in a gray sweater a knife and cake", "an old man about to start cutting into a cake", "A man standing over a cake with a knife.", "An old man holds a knife in hand in front of a cake.", "People are watching a man cut a birthday cake."]
["A guy on a skateboard and pushing a stroller on the sidewalk.", "A person riding a skateboard while pushing a stroller.", "A person on a skateboard pushing a stroller.", "Person riding a skateboard while pushing a stroller", "A man on a skateboard who is pushing a stroller."]
["A young man riding a skateboard along a dirt road.", "A person on the street with a skateboard.", "A boy with a red skate board does a trick.", "A male skateboarder standing on the wheels of his skateboard.", "A young man doing a trick with a skate board."]
["Two ladies standing on skis besides a chair lift.", "Two snow skiers standing by a ski lift. ", "This is a man and woman on a ski slope.", "Two men standing next to each other on a snow covered slope.", "Two persons on skis ready to head down the slopes."]
["The man is posing before he skis down the hill. ", "The person smiles in skis while standing in snow.", "a person in full ski gear standing on skis", "a man on skis stands on some snow ", "A man wearing skis and ski gear standing in the snow."]
["A plate that has a bowl and different types of food.", "A bowl of soup, bagel with hummus and fresh vegetable salad", "A plate with a bowl of soup and a side of vegetable.", "A bowl of soup with a white spoon in it next to a plate filled with food.", "A plate of food and a bowl of soup."]
["A woman holding up a carrot while wearing a scarf.", "This woman is holding what appears to be a carrot.", "A woman holding up a very phallic looking carrot.", "A woman holding a carrot in one of her hands. ", "A women who is holding an odd shaped carrot. "]
["A man holding a child on top of a skateboard.", "A man that has a child over a skateboard.", "a man helping his baby ride a skate board", "A man teaching his child how to ride a skate board", "a man putting a little girl onto a skateboard"]
["A square white plate topped with meat and veggies.", "A plate of meat, vegetables and a sauce", "A plate with grilled carrots, vegetables, and potatoes.", "Square white plate with meat, vegetables, and sauce", "Colorful food arranged on a square dinner plate."]
["A man in glasses snowboarding down a hill.", "Man in a red jacket and sunglasses snow boarding down the snow.", "A man in red and black jacket snowboarding on slope.", "A man on a snow board on a big snowy hill.", "A man in sunglasses surf boarding in heavy snow."]
["View of a skateboarder igrinding a rail through a lens", "a view through through a window of a skate boarder", "A reflection of a skateboarder is performing a rail.", "A boy is jumping a hurdle while on a skateboard. ", "The man is practicing his tricks on his skateboard. "]
["this is a man riding on some skis", "A boy snowboards down a snowy hill on a snowy day.", "A man snowboarding down a snowy hill during the day.", "A young boy snowboards down a hill in winter.", "a guy riding a snow board down a slight hill"]
["Two young men are snowboarding down a hill.", "A man riding down a snow covered slope on a snowboard.", "Two people are in the snow on their boards. ", "A pair of snowboarders gliding across the snow.", "Two people are on snow skiing on a mountain."]
["A young man riding a skateboard on a hand rail", "A man is doing skateboard tricks on a metal railing.", "A skateboarder doing a trick on a rail.", "A boy slides along a rail on his skateboard.", "A skateboard rider on top of a handrail by a path in the city"]
["A person riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp.", "a person jumping a skate board iin the air", "A young boy skating on a slope as others watch", "A little boy with a skateboard in the air.", "A person jumping up in the air on a skateboard."]
["A skateboarder goes off the edge of a ramp in a skate park.", "A person jumping with a skateboard resp of the people are watching.", "A man on skateboard doing a trick off a ramp.", "A professional skateboarder doing a board grab on a halfpipe.", "A skate boarder is doing a trick in an empty pool."]
["A man riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp.", "The skateboarder is skating at the skate park.", "Teenagers are taking their turn skating in a skateboard park. ", "A black and white photo of a group of people on skateboards at a skate park.", "Skateboarder performing at skate park with many onlookers."]
["A young man does a trick on a skateboard in a bowl while other children with bikes and scooters watch.", "A young man is skate boarding on a ledge with people around.", "A person on a skateboard on a ramp.", "a person riding a skate board at a skate park", "A guy is showing off his skateboarding techniques."]
["A meal consisting of french fries, a hot dog and condiments.", "Hot dog with condiments and fries on a tray", "A tray with a hot dog, fries, ketchup and mustard on it.", "A foot long hotdog and fries on a tray.", "A hot dog and french fries are on a tray. "]
["A man is skateboarding down an open road.", "A young man rides a skateboard on a country road.", "A guy with glasses skateboards on the road.", "Lone man enjoying a ride on his skateboard.", "A man riding a skateboard on a small rural road."]
["A man skateboards down a path surrounded by trees.", "A man riding a skateboard down a rural road.", "A skateboarder skates down a street on a nice day", "A young man rides on a skateboard down a path. ", "A man riding down the sidewalk on a skateboard."]
["A kid on a skateboard in mid air after doing a trick on a ramp.", "A man on a skateboard performing a trick.", "A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "A man does a trick with his skateboard in the air. ", "Young boy doing a jump while riding a skateboard."]
["A man holding a hot dog in his right hand.", "A man holds a hot dog at a stadium.", "A man in a stadium poses while holding a hotdog", "A man eating a hot dog at a sporting event.", "A man eating a hot dog at a crowded event."]
["A young man on the beach holding a plate of onion rings and a hot dog sandwich.", "a man holding on to a plate of food ", "A man sits with junk food while at the beach.", "A man sitting on a railing in front of a beach holds a hot dog and fries.", "Man leaning with hot dog on plate on beach"]
["A woman is holding a hot dog up to a man's mouth.", "A man biting into a hot dog next to some people.", "A man smiles down at a hot dog. ", "a male in an orange and black shirt  a hot dog and some people", "Young man getting to eat a hot dog with other people sitting."]
["Tray full of food consists of potato, tomatoes, fruit cocktail, hotdogs and mashed potatoes.", "Mashed potatoes, hot dogs, and a slice of bread on a serving tray.", "A plate of food with mashed potatoes and side of tomatoes.", "A tray topped with a plate of food and a cup of fruit.", "A tray of food containing fruit, meat, vegetables and bread."]
["THERE IS  A PLATE WITH FRUITS ON THE PLATE ON THE TABLE", "A table topped with a plate of food and two bowls of food.", "healthy meal of sandwiches, fruits, salad and yogurt", "there are many fruits and bread on this plate", "The plate with fruit salad is near two plate of salad."]
["a man stands in front of a flipped skate boarder ", "A man standing next to a skateboard that is laying on the ground wheels pointed up.", "Skateboard laying upside down on cement with someone standing next to it.", "A boy in camo shorts stands before an overturned skateboard.", "a person with an upside down skate board "]
["a person riding a snow board on a snowy surface", "Person skiing down a slope on a snow board while two others watch from above.", "Young person on snowboard going down gentle slope.", "A snowboarder sliding down powder with a big fluffy hat", "A person with a fur hat going down a snowy hill on a snowboard."]
["A man riding a snowboard down the side of a snow covered ski slope.", "A snowboarder making his way down the mountain", "Snowboarder turning his board to the side going down a snow trail. ", "One man is snowboarding while another person is skiing in the background. ", "a person snowboarding down a hill with trees on the side of it "]
["A white plate topped with a chili cheese dog.", "A plate of food placed on a table.", "A hot dog and bun covered in chili.", "a hot dog smothered in chili, beans, mustard and ketchup", "a big chili dog that is on a plate"]
["Four hot dogs on a grill next to some hot dog buns.", "Hotdogs and buns grilling on a charcoal grill.", "a couple of hot dogs that are on agrill", "Several hot dogs and buns on a steel grill surface.", "Hot dogs and buns are sitting atop a charcoal grill."]
["Two guys on the ski slope while one holds his snow board behind his back. ", "A young man holding a snowboard behind his back.", "two guys one is carrying his snow board on his back", "A man holding a snowboard and a man behind him waving. ", "The man in blue is holding a snowboard while the man behind waves. "]
["A man cutting up food on top of a plate.", "a man is cutting into some food with a plastic knife", "A man is cutting into something on a plate.", "A man cutting into his food with plastic utensils. ", "There is a person that is cutting food"]
["A man on a snowboard stands and smiles.", "A man in his ski gear is smiling for the camera. ", "A man riding a snowboard through the snow.", "A man that is on a snowboard in the snow.", "A man smiling while standing on his snow board. "]
["A man riding a snow board on top of a snow covered slope.", "A boy on a snowboard at the top of a hill. ", "A young boy is riding a snowboard downhill", "A picture of a young boy standing on a snowboard.", "A young boy is attempting to slide down a slope."]
["A woman eating outside near a restaurant. ", "A picture of a woman enjoying a donut outside. ", "a person standing up eating a doughnut ", "A woman enjoying a fresh donut outside a bakery", "a lady eating something outside with purple benches behind her"]
["A plate with a breakfast sandwich, eggs and a fork next to two coffee mugs.", "A sandwich with scrambles eggs on a white plate.", "a plate with a breakfast sandwhich and some other food along with 2 mugs", "A breakfast sandwich sits on a plate with a fork in front of two cups", "Scrambled egg and bacon on a biscuit at home"]
["A photo of doughnuts being served on racks.", "Many donuts are stacked on their holders. ", "A bunch of soft pretzels are waiting to be sold.", "The doughnuts are out to dry with glaze on them.", "Donuts hanging up on as peg ready for sale"]
["A hand holding a donut covered in coconut.", "doughnut in hand covered in coconut and with bites taken out", "A person's hand hold a donut with coconut toppings. ", "A person is holding a doughnut with coconut on it.", "The coconut doughnut that they are holding has been bitten. "]
["A couple of girls sitting next to each other.", "Two young girls playfully eat doughnuts together. ", "Two little girls sitting at a table are eating donuts.", "two girls sitting in a booth while eating some donuts ", "Two young girls are sitting in a booth eating doughnuts. "]
["there is a person holding a big sandwich in there hand", "a guy smiling holding a sandwich an hands pointing to it", "A smiling young waiter and another person showing off a sandwich.", "A person is holding a sandwich in one hand.", "A man holds and gestures toward a sandwich"]
["A pizza covered in leafy greens on a table.", "A pizza and wine are sitting on a table.", "Fresh pizza and wine on a table with plates and mail. ", "A pizza sitting on a table with a blue and white cover on it.", "A cooked pizza that is on a table."]
["A person surfing on snow between the snow clad trees.", "a man wearing a yellow coat snowboarding downhill through some trees", "A person on a snowboard in the snow.", "A person on a blue snowboard going sledding between trees", "a man with eye glasses riding on a snow board"]
["A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A person skiing in the snow making designs.", " a man going down a snowy mountain on a snow board", "A snowboarder is sliding down a snowy slope.", "a person on a snowboard weaves down a mountain slope."]
["An adult woman and two little girls eating donuts.", "A woman is eating doughnuts with her children.", "A woman with two young girls hold up donuts.", "Mother and her two daughters eating large donuts.", "a woman in a white top and two girls are holding some donuts"]
["A person wearing red, skiing down a snow slope.", "A skier is barely visible in the huge pile of snow. ", "There is a snowboarder going down a very steep hill or mountain", "A man riding down the side of a snow covered mountain on snowboard.", "A person going down a steep snow hill."]
["A pizza topped with sliced up bananas on a pan.", "A pizza crust has bananas and chocolate on it.", "A pizza on a plate with chocolate and bananas.", "The chocolate pizza is covered with banana slices.", "a dessert pizza covered in chocolate and banana slices "]
["A man holding a slice of cheese pizza in his right hand.", "Young man eating slice of delicious cheese pizza.", "There is a person eating a slice of pizza", "A man biting into a slice of pizza on the street.", "A man taking a bite into a slice of pizza."]
["A man holding a doughnut with pink icing and sprinkles.", "A man is holding a doughnut covered with sprinkles.", "A bearded man holds up a pink sprinkled doughnut. ", "A guy is holding a donut with sprinkles on it.", "A man is holding a doughnut with sprinkles."]
["a take out box is filled with food near some ketchup.", "A sandwich with lots of french fries in a foam container next to a cup of dipping sauce.", "The take out box has leftovers in it consisting of a sandwich and French fries.", "A tray of french fries, Onion, sausage and bread with ketchup.", "French fries, onions, ribs, and a roll in a box\n"]
["A man running towards a kick ball on a field.", "a man is out on the yard about to kick a ball  in the grass", "A person wearing a uniform while running towards a soccer ball.", "Here is an image of an outside district.\n", "There is a girl about to kick a ball."]
["A man holding a donut in a napkin up to his mouth.", "A guy holding a piece of food up to his mouth.", "that guy that was standing up eating a doughnut", "A man eating a donut wrapped in tissue paper.", "A man about to enjoy some type of delicious looking pastry"]
["A man with wide eyes eating a muffin.", "Shirtless wide eyed man biting into a sandwich.", "A picture of a person eating some food.", "A man wearing glasses is eating something ", "A man with glasses is making a face and eating."]
["A man on a surfboard over the water.", "A man is standing on a surfboard and hangliding in the ocean.", "a man holding onto something while riding a board above the water", "The brave parasailor is making a valient effort.", "A man para-sails, with large waves in the background."]
["A large hamburger sitting on top of a wooden cutting board.", "A man and woman sitting at a table and smiling.", "MAN AND WOMAN SITTING AT A TABLE WITH FOOD", "Two people laughing with a hamburger and drink", "People sitting at a table with a large sandwich in the middle."]
["A doughnut that has been partially dipped in chocolate on a plate.", "A cake donut sitting on a plate at a bistro.", "A chocolate dipped donut sitting on a plate.", "A end of the doughnut was dipped in chocolate and placed on the plate.", "A chocolate dipped pastry is on a plate in the window."]
["a plate with  a sandwich, fires, and coleslaw sitting side by side", "A plate with a sandwich, French fries and coleslaw.", "a close up of a plate of food ", "A round white plate on a table that has french fries, coleslaw and a sandwich cut in half.", "Sandwich, fries and coleslaw are sitting on a plate."]
["A white plate topped with a sandwich and other food.", "A plate with a ham and cheese sandwich next to some potatoes.", " a close up of a plate of food with bacon", "A plate of food and a fork on a table.", "Some plates filled with some tasty looking food."]
["A cooling rack on a baking pan with freshly made doughnuts.", "Thse delicious donuts are making everyone hungry and aggressive", "a couple of glazed doughnuts sit on a metal trey ", "a few dougnuts that are on a wired pan", "A bunch of doughnuts sitting on a grill "]
["A group of people sitting and standing on top of a sandy beach.", "A surfboard rests on the beach while people play in the waves", "A surfboard on the sand and people on the beach behind.", "A few people are hanging out and appreciating their time. \n", "A group of people are sitting on the beach shore."]
["Two men are walking towards the ocean with their surfboards. ", "Two men with surfboards walk toward the beach", "Two men with surfboards walk towards the ocean.", "Two people about to go into the water with their surfboards", "Two servers holding their boards walking towards the water. "]
["A group of young men playing a game of soccer.", "A couple of kids that are playing in a soccer game.", "A group of young children playing a game of soccer.", "The young boys are playing a soccer game.", "A child goaltender attempts to block a ball in a soccer game."]
["a person sitting and holding a mug and a book next to a table with a slice of cake on it.", "Person reading while holding colorful cup with similar plate on table.", "A woman at a table holding a cup of coffee and reading a book.", "Someone having a piece of cake and a drink while reading", "A woman curled up on a bench  in a booth reading and holding a coffee cup."]
["Several young soccer players playing soccer on a field.", "Three children are playing soccer, one kicks the ball while others are running towards it.", "a group of kids playing soccer with two going at the ball", "Kids are playing a soccer game in the rain. ", "a group of young people playing soccer on a field"]
["A young man kicking around a soccer ball on a field.", "This lad swung his foot at the ball but missed", "A boy kicking a soccer ball on a field.", "young man jumping over a soccer ball on a field", "Young soccer player in mid-air as the soccer ball is under his right foot"]
["Two boys are playing soccer on a soccer field.", "Two kids on opposing teams are going for the soccer ball.", "The two boys are playing with a soccer ball. ", "two young boy in soccer uniforms kicking a soccer ball", "Some boys in action on the soccer field."]
["A group of young men kicking around a soccer ball.", "A couple of kids that are playing with a soccer ball.", "Two kids working to get the soccer ball from each other.", "THERE ARE CHILDREN THAT ARE PLAYING A SOCCER GAME", "there are many young men on the field playing soccer"]
["A chocolate donut filled with cream and custard.", "A custard filled chocolate confection is topped with frosting", "A lavishly decorated dessert sweet with chocolate and peanut butter.", "A picture of a delicious looking pastry desert. ", "a piece of food on a white and yellow plate"]
["A man riding on top of a paddle board on a lake.", "A man in grey shirt paddling on a surfboard.", "The surfer is using a paddle to navigate.", "a man standing on a surfboard below a sign in the air ", "A man surfs on a lake with a paddle."]
["A large cake sitting in the middle of a table surrounded by pictures in frames.", "A giant cake decorated with round discs on a table", "A cone shaped cake surrounded by framed photographs.", "A tall fixture that may be a cake with a tower.", "There is a very large cake with fondant decoration"]
["A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A male surfer dressed in black riding a white surfboard.", "The man is riding the waves on his surf board. ", "A man in a wet suit surfs a wave.", "A surfer in a wetsuit riding a wave"]
["A soccor player trying to kick the ball but kicking the other player instead.", "A soccer player accidentally hits another player in the face", "Soccer paying kicking the ball while others look on.", "Children are playing soccer on a field with several adults observing nearby.", "A group of young men playing a game of soccer."]
["A man in a wet suit riding a wave on a surfboard.", "A man in a wet suit surfing the beach", "A man on a surf board riding out a wave.", "Man riding on a surfboard looks on as he kicks up a wave. ", "Surfer in a wetsuit just beginning to pull into a wave."]
["The little girl is reaching for a piece of cake.", "A young girl reaching for a slice of cake.", "That piece of cake will soon be eaten by the little girl.", "A young girl reaches for a piece of cake on her plate.", "A little girl that is standing next to a plate with cake on it."]
["A toddler with a fork in her mouth and a picnic table and people behind her.  ", "A little girl with a white fork sicking out of her mouth.", "A per-school age girl with frosting on her mouth holding a plastic fork", "A girl in pink shirt with fork in her mouth.", "Young toddler smiling in front of a picnic table licking frosting from fork."]
["A young girl eating a piece of cake off of a plate.", "A girl is standing outside eating a piece of cake.", "A girl wearing a t-shirt with a cake decoration on it eats cake.", "a little girl in a pink shirt is eating some cake", "A toddler standing at an outside table eating cake"]
["a close up of a person measuring and cutting a green substance", "Someone measuring and cutting a green substance. ", "Some green pieces of bread that have been cut in strips.", "A woman cuts cake into strips on a board. ", "A baker uses a ruler to measure out the treats they are cooking."]
["A group of children playing a game of soccer.", "Boys and girl playing soccer in a field. Might be raining spectators in the read have umbrellas.", "two boys and a girl in uniforms are playing soccer", "Some children are playing soccer in the rain", "Two boys and a girl playing an organized game of soccer"]
["A bride and a groom are cutting a wedding cake. ", "The bride and groom are cutting the wedding cake.", "a man and woman cutting in to a wedding cake ", "A bride and groom holding a knife together and  cutting the wedding cake.", "A well-dressed man and woman hold a knife and cut a cake. "]
["a man on a sail board rides through the water ", "a male sail boarder in a black top and a white board", "A guy is out on the water riding a sail board.", "A woman riding waves on a surf board with a kite on it", "A man on a surfboard with something attached to it in the water. "]
["A person riding a wind-sail on top of a body of water.", "a sail boarder in a wet suit water trees and clouds", "A man in a wetsuit windsurfing on a lake.", "A man is sailing alone on the rippling waer.", "A man in a black surfing suit on a individual para sail."]
["It takes a great deal of expertise to handle the sails.", "A group of people on surfboards with sails in the water", "a couple of people are windsurfing at the beach", "A picture of three people wind surfing in the ocean.", "The people were all out on the water with sails on their surfboards."]
["A man holding an orange surfboard on top of a beach.", "A man standing on the beach holding a surf board.", "A man is observing the waves on the shore of the beach. ", "This man is standing by a lake looking at the water.", "A man with a surfboard on the beach looking into the water."]
["A man is carrying a surfboard on the beach.", "A person with a surfboard walks along a beach.", "Water is washing gently on to the sand.", "A person walking in the sand in a low tide beach.", "The beachfront has tracks of footprints and a figure which appears to be  cross."]
["Two people are holding their surf boards on the beach as they walk through the water.", "Two surfers on the beach carrying their boards", "Two people holding surfboards on the shoreline of the beach", "Two people walking along the beach holding up surfboards. ", "Two people in the distance on a beach with surfboards."]
["A man riding a wind sail over water.", "A picture of a man surfboard parachuting in the ocean.", "A person is windsurfing on waves on the water.", "A person windsurfing through a body of water.", "The person is on the water with his skis. "]
["a man on a board in the ocean water ", "A person on a sail board rides the water.", "A man is sail surfing and is jumping in the air. ", "a person riding a surf board with a sail", "A man is windsurfing on a sunny day."]
["Partially consumed slices of cake at a restaurant table.", "A wooden table topped with plates of food and cake.", "A half eaten cake on a plate next to drinks on the table.", "two plates with slices of cake on them", "A table with two drinks and two desserts"]
["a group of kids playing a game of soccer ", "A group of children playing soccer together in a field. ", "The action near the goal during a soccer game amongst young people", "young kids playing a soccer match on organized teams", "The young soccer players are enjoying their intense game."]
["A young man holding a ball in his hands.", "A person is catching a soccer ball near a net.", "A kid jumping in the air blocking a ball.", "A boy hitting a soccer ball out of the goal", "A boy blocked a soccer ball from the goal."]
["A couple of very young male soccer players, are competing for control of the ball. ", "A pair of children play a game of soccer.", "two little kids playing soccer battle over the ball ", "Two boys playing a game of soccer on grassy field.", "Small children in black and blue uniforms playing soccer. "]
["Many young boys kick a soccer ball around. ", "there are many children playing a soccer game", "Children on a field playing soccer with one child kicking the ball.", "Many young soccer players are competing for the ball. ", "A group of kids that are playing soccer on a field."]
["An infant is sitting in a highchair with a small cake placed on the tray.", "Baby in a high chair looking at a cake with frosted flowers.", "A CHILD IS IN THE HIGH CHAI WITH A CAKE IN FRONT OF HER", "A toddler in a highchair poking holes in a birthday cake set in front of them.", "A baby sits in his highchair and looks at a decorated birthday cake."]
["A person with braces is biting into a sandwich.", "A boy with braces is eating a sandwich.", "A man with braces biting into a ham and lettuce sandwich", "Boy with braces outside biting into a sandwich.", "A person biting into a sandwich while under a tree."]
["A man windsurfing on a board and making a sign with one of his hands, while holding onto a sail with the other hand.", "A man, wearing a black wet suit while wind surfing, points ahead.", "A man riding a wind sail over a large body of water.", "A guy on a surf board with a big sail.", "A man parasailing in the ocean on a sunny day "]
["A man goes through the water on a parasail.  ", "Man riding sailboard at good speed in calm water.", "A man is sailing on his surfboard in the water.", "A man on a sailboard on the ocean.", "This is a picture of a fearless wind surfer"]
["A man standing behind a child sitting at a table", "People around a table that has platters of food on it ", "A man cuts cake with a girl at a party.", "A man helping a girl cut a birthday cake with a knife.", "a man helping a little girl cut a cake on a table covered with food "]
["four people around a table with various plates of food", "Two women and kids standing around a table with food.", "Four young ladies preparing food for a group", "A family gathered around a dinner table getting plates of food.", "A buffet table is spread with delicacies for a celebration."]
["A boogie board or writing on a large wave in the ocean that is Brakey", "A man rides the underside of a wave on his surfboard as it crashes down.", "A man boogie boarding on a large wave.", "A surfer wearing flippers skims along a wave", "a man laying on a boogie board on the bottom of a wave"]
["A guy is windsurfing on a cloudy day.", "A man in a wet suit riding a wind surfboard in the water.", "A man riding a windsail on top of the ocean.", "a man is wind suffering on clam water.", "A person sailing on the water on a dreary day. "]
["A bedroom with a desk in the corner.", "A bedroom has a desk with computer in the corner.", "The tiday bedroom contains with mismatched  office furniture.", "a desk with a laptop sitting in the corner of a bedroom ", "A bedroom with a desk and a lamp and a bed."]
["A couple of boys playing soccer in the rain.", "Two teams of soccer players playing in the rain.", "a few soccer players that are standing out in some grass.", "Kids in blue and red uniforms are playing soccer.", "Four girls are running after a soccer ball."]
["a group of young people playing soccer on a field", "A group of young children playing a game of soccer.", "Young girls and boys playing soccer while adults watch.", "A group of kids are on a field playing soccer.  ", "A youth soccer game is being played with a standoff for the ball."]
["a man that is kicking some kind of soccer ball", "A soccer player is running towards a soccer ball.", "A person on a field with a soccer ball.", "a man standing and waiting for a soccer ball ", "A male soccer play has control of the ball."]
["A bunch of small kids in action on the soccer field.", "A group of five kids playing soccer together.", "A bunch of kids playing soccer is having a lot of fun.", "Several children play during a soccer match while wearing their uniforms.", "A group of kids that are on a soccer field."]
["A group of young children kicking a soccer ball around a field.", "Three juvenile soccer players are vying for the ball.", "A group of young people playing with a soccer ball.", "The young children are playing a game of soccer. \n", "a group of kids playing with a soccer ball "]
["A woman and child at table with a cake.", "Child watching candle being lit at a birthday party.", "A girl and a woman watching a candle being lit up on top of a cake.  ", "a couple of women and a little girl sitting in front of a cake.", "A man and woman sit at a cake with a young baby between them."]
["A family surrounding a little girl sitting at  a table in front of a cake.", "An older man sits at a table with a baby in pigtails while a woman wearing glasses kneels next to her and a man takes a picture from the opposite side of the table.", "A family celebrating with gifts and a fancy cake", "A child with a woman holding her taking a photo ", "A little girl and a woman are having their picture taken in front of a desert."]
["Little girl blowing out a candle on a fancy dessert.", "A family surrounding the child who's leaning over the table looking at the cake. ", "A man and child sitting around a birthday cake.", "A little girl leaning towards a small cake.", "An Asian child looking at cake with a candle on it, surrounded by other people. "]
["Decorated cake sitting on a plate atop a box.", "A rare treat sits on top of a specialty desert box on the table.", "A small dessert sits alone on a display. ", "a fancy little birthday cake with some fruit on the top", "A cake with decorative fruit and chocolate toppings."]
["A bedroom with a bed that is not made up.", "A piece of luggage that is on a bed in a fairly darkened room. ", "There is an unfolded blanket on top of a bed.", "A dark bedroom with low light from the windows that have the shades drawn down.", "A bedroom with a bed, closet, and large window."]
["A rug sitting on a floor next to a white bed.", "A room with a bed and some furniture.", "A canopy covered bed sits in a sunlit bedroom.", "The bedroom is clean, organized, and the canopy bed is made.", "This is a beautiful and extremely neat bedroom."]
["A young child sitting on top of a race car.", "A young boy in a red and white racing  themed bedroom.", "a small boy sits on top of a race car bed ", "A little boy sitting in a car shaped bed in a racing themed bedroom.", "small boy sitting on a race car with red wall and rug"]
["A number of heart shaped boxes stacked on top of each other.", "A large triple layer cake with two glass birds on top of it.", "A wedding cake is decorated with love birds. ", "A heart shaped cake with a pair of dove decorations sitting on top.", "a close up of a cake on a table"]
["A pair of woman paddling on surfboards in the ocean.", "A couple of women riding paddle boards on top of the ocean.", "A pair of female paddle boarders ride on the water. ", "Two women in wet suits standing on surf boards with paddles.", "two females on paddle boards in the water"]
["A neatly made double bed accented by a pair of teddy bears.", "A stuff bear sitting on a quilt on the bed.", "An old fashioned bedroom with a quilted bed spread", "A small pink room decorated for a child.", "A quilt covered bed has a teddy bear on it."]
["A woman riding a paddle board with a little boy.", "A woman paddle boards with a seated boy.", "A woman stands with a seated child on a paddle board. ", "A woman and child paddle boarding in the ocean.", "A woman with glasses rowing as a small kid sits"]
["A woman is paddle boarding through the ocean.", "A person standing on a surf board in a bay.", "a woman is paddle boarding in the middle of the ocean near a light house ", "A women who is rowing while using a surfboard.", "A woman riding on top of a white paddle board."]
["A birthday cake with English and Chinese characters.", "A chocolate and vanilla birthday cake sitting on a white table. ", "A chocolate cake sitting on to of a table.", "A white table that is holding a chocolate cake.", "A large Happy Birthday cake is decorated with frosting."]
["a trey with some cookies on top of it ", "The display has many towers of stacked cookies next to trays full of cookies. ", "A celebration with a lot of cookie towers.", "A table topped with tall stacks of cakes covered in icing.", "a bunch of stacked cookies on a table"]
["A bed with a blanket underneath a window.", "Messy bed positioned to be in front of the window", "A small bed in a room by a window.", "An unmade bed that is in someone's dull looking bedroom.", "A bed that is unmade with a pillow on it."]
["A baby, eyes wide open, on top of some covers.", "A baby laying on its back on top of a comforter.", "A baby in pink laying on a comforter.", "A little baby laying on a fluffy blanket.", "A baby dressed in pink lying on a down comforter."]
["Two teams compete for the ball during a soccer game.", "A group of young men play a game of soccer.", "A group of men playing soccer in blue and yellow jerseys", "A soccer match with the ball in the air.", "Several people standing in the dirt playing soccer."]
["A bed covered in pillows with a towel on top of it.", "a folded cloth sits on a bed top ", "A robe that is sitting on a bed.", "a folded hotel robe sitting on the edge of a bed", "A hotel robe folded up on a bed."]
["A pink bedspread is featured in this bedroom.", "A very well made be and a lei on the night stand", "this bed has pink and white sheets and pink lamps", "A bed in a bedroom sitting between two lamps.", "A bedroom with beige walls and pink decor."]
["A surfer is on top of a wave.", "A guy on a surf board riding a wave.", "A man is riding a surfboard at the beach", "A person surfing on a board in the ocean.", "A man surfs the waves on his surfboard"]
["a plate with some pizza slices on it ", "A homemade pizza served on a brown plate.", "Someone is holding a plates of pizza outside.", "An older person is serving a rustic looking pizza.", "a person holds a plate with some food on it"]
["a woman is cooking some food outside on a grill", "A woman prepares food on an outdoor iron pit", "Woman crouching next to fire pit preparing foods.", "a man is cooking foods on an outside grill", "A woman cooking her dinner over an open fire."]
[" a man standing next to a picture of a pizza in the oven ", "A man in a chef hat gesturing at a pizza place's logo", "A man with a Chef hat on standing in front of a pizza oven design.", "this is a man in front of a brick wall", "A man by a painting of a brick pizza oven in a chef hat. "]
["A woman laying in a hospital bed with a broken arm.", "A woman in a hospital bed with her hand in a cast.", "a close up of a person laying in a hospital bed", "a person in a hospital bed with a bandaged arm in a sling.", "A woman with a cast on her arm lying in a hospital bed."]
["A pizza on a pan sitting in the oven.", "An open oven reveals a pizza with meats and vegetables", "pizza is prepared and kept in oven for baking.", "An uncooked pizza is on the pan in the oven.", "A pizza is baking in a new oven with a cobalt blue interior."]
["A small pizza on a plate with a fork beside it on a table.", "An egg and cheese pastry on a plate", "An uneaten pizza pie cut into 4 quarters", "A thick-crust pizza with mushrooms and an egg is shown.", "A small pizza with an assortment of toppings "]
["A plate topped with different kinds of foods on a table.", "A plate of meat vegetables and piece of bread", "The large meal has a large entree and pieces of bread.", "Food arranged on a black plate sitting atop a table.", "a close up of a plate of food with broccoli"]
["Three-quarters of a meat-lovers pizza with mushrooms with drink", "A partially eaten pizza is sitting beside a soda.", "A table with a partially eaten pizza and blue canned beverage on it.", "A close up of a pizza and a drink on a table.", "A pizza with cherry tomatoes has a piece taken out."]
["a girl at a kitchen table looking at a laptop computer", "there is a woman sitting at a table using a lap top", "A woman sitting at a table in front of a laptop computer.", "a person that is on a laptop on a table", "A young girl sits at a kitchen table, backed by a sink, cabinets and windows, a meal and a laptop in front of her, watching the screen.    "]
["An infant laying on a bed with his eyes closed", "A baby sleeping on top of a blanket wearing pajamas.", "A baby calmly sleeping with its eyes closed.", "baby laying on bed with their eyes closed", "A baby sleeping and wrinkling its face while on a bed. "]
["A man riding a wave on a surfboard.", "A man in a wet suit riding a surfboard on a wave.", "A man in a wet suit on a white surfboard riding ocean waves. ", "A surfer riding a wave on a surfboard. ", "A man surfing over a wave in a black wetsuit"]
["Food in a dutch oven sitting next to a fire.", "\na cast iron pot over hot coals with food cooking in it.", "A slightly overcooked homemade personal sized pizza with meat and red peppers.", "The homemade pizza is cooked slightly well done.", "fire in the background and food being made."]
["a close up of a plate of food on a table ", "A white plate topped with lots of Italian food.", "Lasagna with meatballs and a piece of bread in the background", "A bowl that has some pasta in it.", "a bowl with some meat inside of it "]
["An athlete jumping up on a court field.", "A Tennis player is slightly in the air. ", "A tennis player is playing on a clay court.", "A man just hit a tennis ball back to the opponent ", "a tennis player swinging a racket on the court"]
["A man that is standing on a court with a racquet.", "A MAN PLAYING TENNIS ON A TENNIS COURT", "a tennis player swinging a racket on a court ", "a man that is playing tennis on a court", "A tennis player in a red shirt and white pants."]
["A view of a tennis match from the top.", "Tennis players playing in front of hundreds of people.", "Two tennis players are playing in a match.", "Two people playing tennis at a tournament with a crowd.", "A tennis match on a clay court on a sunny day."]
["a male tennis player in a red shirt is playing tennis", "A tennis player who is running after a tennis ball.", "A tennis player in action on the court.", "a tennis layer is running to try an hit the ball", "A tennis player leaping to hit the ball during a tennis game."]
["A well made up bed with lamps above and around it.", "A closeup of a bunch of pillows on a bed.", "a big white bed that has lights all around", "A bed is made up with blankets and pillows.", "A hotel room with a neatly made bed and matching lamps on either side."]
["A smiling old lady holds a pizza on a plate.", "A woman holding a plate with a pizza on it", "A Woman carrying homemade pizza to the table.", "A woman holding a pizza on a red plate.", "A woman walking with a pan in her hands with a whole pizza on it. "]
["A sexy young blonde woman holding a tennis racquet.", "A female tennis player getting ready to serve. ", "A girl in an athletic dress playing tennis.", "Woman standing getting ready to play a game of tennis.", "A female tennis player standing with a tennis racket in her hand."]
["A woman standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "There is a woman that is playing tennis on the court", "a woman reaching up to hit a tennis ball with her racket", "A female tennis player shows her arm muscles", "A women who is looking at a tennis racket. "]
["The desk by the window has two laptops and a keyboard on it.", "A nice home office setup using two laptop computers", "A desk with two computers and two keyboards", "A table of different types of electronics in use.", "Laptops, keyboards, and mice, sit on a table."]
["A man standing on top of a tennis court.", "A tennis player has his rack back in preparation.", "a tennis player on a court wit ha racket ", "A man in white shorts and a black top returning a tennis ball on the court.", "A tennis plater in a black shirt and white shorts on a tennis court holding a racquet"]
["Women in orange skirts walking on a tennis court while people watch in stands.", "Two women in orange tennis skirts with each other on a blue tennis court and a stadium full of spectators.", "Two tennis players talking on a tennis court", "Two female tennis players converse on the court during a match. ", "two women in white tops and orange dresses on a tennis court"]
["Thick crust pizza with vegetables displayed on wooden table.", "A cooked pizza that is on a table.", "A pizza with a cheesy topping on it.", "Mushroom pizza with cheese and thick crust on wood board.", "A pizza is covered with an assortment of toppings."]
["A piece of pizza that is on a plate.", "A slice of pizza on a plate with a glass of tea. ", "A piece of pizza sitting on top of a blue plate.", "there is a small slice of pizza on a green plate", "A close up of a piece of pizza and a glass."]
["Tennis player in white shorts and green shirt swinging at a ball. ", "A man with a racquet standing on a tennis racquet.", "a tennis player gets ready to hit a ball with a racket ", "A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A tennis player with a racket and ball in the court"]
["a pizza with a lot of cheese on it on a oven board", "A pizza cooking in the oven on a stone piece.", "A small pizza with quite a few toppings waits to be baked", "A pizza sitting on top of a cutting board.", "A large oblong uncooked pizza with toppings in an oven."]
["Small child in white outfit on a tennis court with a racket in hand. ", "A person on a court with a tennis racket.", "A boy swinging a tennis racquet at a ball.", "a little boy standing on a court with a tennis racket", "A young child who is swinging a tennis racket."]
["A young man holding a tennis racquet up in the air.", "a man and a little boy playing with tennis equipment", "A man and a child are playing tennis on a court.", "A kid stands right at the net when playing tennis.", "A couple of people on a court with a tennis racket."]
["A whole pizza with cheese, green peppers and onions.", "A baked pizza is sitting on a wooden board. ", "A large loaded pizza sitting on top of a wood board.", "A pizza that has been cooked with many different toppings on it.", "A pizza with lots of toppings sits ready to be eaten."]
["A fanciful dressed piece of pizza on a plate.", "There is a plate of food and a fork", "A personal pizza with fresh tomatoes and arugala", "Fork next to a plate of pizza and salad on the table", "A slice of pizza and some salad on a white plate"]
["some pieces of pizza sits on a pizza trey ", "a dinner table with mini pizzas wine and condiments", "A tray that is covered with pizza on a table.", "Several different slices of pizza sitting on a plate.", "A cut up pizza on a metal pizza pan next to a jar of olives, and a glass of wine. "]
["That pizza is four times the size of a normal pizza. ", "People lining both sides of a long table holding a large pizza.", "A group of people at a party, eating a very large pizza.", "A group of people about to dig into a large pizza", "A group of people unwrap a large pizza with several toppings."]
["A woman that is standing on a tennis court with racquet.", "A woman tennis player with a black skirt and red tank top, holding a racket and a tennis ball is next to her.", "A woman playing tennis on the tennis court", "A woman wearing a short skirt while holding a tennis racquet.", "Girls bouncing a tennis ball with a tennis racket."]
["A tennis player reaches overhead with her racket.", "A woman in the middle of an over head swing of a tennis racket.", "A woman is swinging a tennis racket through the air.", "A tennis player is going up to hit a serve.", "A tennis player in a red shirt has her racquet raised."]
["A tennis player rushes to hit a tennis ball.", "A tennis player is running on a tennis court in a full tennis stadium.", "A tennis tournament is highlighted with a guy hitting the ball. ", "A tennis player swinging at a ball while fans watch.", "A man hitting a tennis ball on a blue tennis court."]
["A sequential shot of a tennis player slamming a ball.", "Three shots of a man swinging at a tennis ball", "A woman standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A time lapse image of a tennis player in action.", "a split photo of a person hitting a tennis ball "]
["Children enjoying pizza out with friends at a restaurant", "This family is having three different kinds of pizza for dinner.", "Three children sit on the far side of a table containing several pizza pans.", "A table topped with pans containing slices of pizza.", "The remnants of pizzas are lined up on a long table with kids playing with a phone."]
["A female tennis player in action on the court.", "A woman is reaching toward a tennis ball", "a tennis player is throwing up the ball to serve", "A woman with a racquet standing on a tennis court.", "a woman throwing up a tennis ball during a serve "]
["A white plate topped with bread covered in leafy greens.", "a piece of meat on a plate with some green leaves on it ", "A piece of food with spinach leaves on top of it.", "Plate of food with green vegetables on top of bread. ", "A leafy green vegetable atop dough on a bread board."]
["A man that is standing in front of a grill with meat.", "A man prepares food outdoors on the grill.", "a person cooking meat on a grill ", "A man preparing meat on a grill outside ", "A man grilling chicken on a grill with a fork. "]
["An athletic person playing tennis in the sun.", "The tennis player is on one leg in the blue tennis court.", "A tennis player holding a tennis racquet on a blue tennis court.", "A tennis player plays on a blue tennis court.", "A person just hit a tennis ball on a tennis court"]
["Two women shake hands during the tennis match. ", "THERE ARE TWO WOMEN PLAYING TENNIS ON THE COURT ", "two tennis players on a court with rackets", "Two women on a tennis court shaking hands ", "Two women shake hands over the tennis net."]
["a living room arrangement in a furniture store", "A living room decorated with various shades of brown.", "The living room is designed with brown and beige colors.", "A newly decorated living room model with sofas.", "The living room is clean and empty of people. "]
["Two humanoid figures made of cardboard boxes sit together on a sofa with a remote control.", "Some type of wooden robot looking character sitting next to the remote control", "A cardboard box man next to a card board box child.", "Boxes in the shape of people sit by the remote control.", "To wooden figurines sitting on a couch next to a remote control."]
["A person wearing a hat standing on some steps with a toothbrush in his mouth.", "A man that is standing on wooden stairs.", "A camper brushing his teeth standing on a stairs brushing his teeth.", "A young man brushing his teeth on wooden steps in the woods.", "Man standing on stairway in forest brushing his teeth."]
["A black desk with a desktop computer monitor and keyboard sitting on top of it.", "A desk with computer and speakers on it", "A computer sits on a computer desk with a poster above it.", "A computer setup on a black computer desk.", "Black computer monitor sitting on top of a black computer desk. "]
["a remote control on a carpet area ", "A remote control sitting on a type of fabric.", "A black remote that is sitting on couch.", "A remote control that is laid on a piece of furniture's cushion, which is ripped and exposing springs and wood.", "a remote sitting on part of a couch "]
["A television remote control is shown on top of a table.", "A remote control lying on a wooden table", "A remote control is resting on a table.", "a close up of a remote control on a wooden desk", "A remote control sitting on top of a wooden table."]
["Two people are in front of a television playing games.", "A man and woman playing the Wii console.", "A man and a woman playing a game on the Nintendo Wii.", "A man and woman holding controllers to play a game.", "A man and a woman are playing the Wii."]
["A living room with a brown couch and foot stool.", "A live room with beige furniture and carpets", "an image of a living room setting with a couch and lamps", "A family room with beige couch and beige carpet.", "A living room has a beige couch, and carpet."]
["A group of young men and women standing around a screen.", "two men playing video tennis on a large screen", "Two people are playing a tennis video game on a projection screen.", "Two guys are playing a game while a girl watches from the sidelines.", "two men playing a virtual game on a pretend tennis court"]
["A man and woman brushing test with window in the background.", "The couple are posing for a picture while he is brushing his teeth. ", "a woman standing next to a man who is brushing his teeth", "a male and a female and the male is brushing his teeth", "A man brushing his teeth with a toothbrush"]
["A young woman brushing her teeth in front of a mirror.", "This lady is brushing her teeth in the mirror.", "A woman brushes her teeth while someone tapes it. ", "A woman in red shirt brushing her teeth.", "A woman is looking in a mirror above a sink while brushing her teeth."]
["A BABY BEING HELD WITH A TOY IN HIS MOUTH ", "An infant being held in a person's arms an holding a toy in it's hand on with it's mouth.", "A baby that is laying down in a pair of arms.", "A baby holding a toothbrush in it's mouth.", "a baby being held by a woman putting a toy in his mouth"]
["A small dinner table with chairs, a pouring picture and a mirror above it.", "A mirror hangs on the wall in front of  a desk.", "A mirror in hallway with small table and two stools with pillows next to it.", "Stools and a table are arranged under a wall mirror.", "A living room with two stools, table and mirror."]
["A black dinning room table sitting in a yellow dinning room.", "A dining table with several chairs around it.", "A dining room with a floral centerpiece flanked by two figurines on the dining room table", "A dinning room with a potted plant in a clear vase on the dinning room table ", "An African themed dinning room has a wooden table and chairs."]
["A man brushing his teeth and taking a self portrait in a mirror.", "A man brushing his teeth, taking a picture of himself.", "A man in grey shirt brushing his teeth and holding a camera.", "A man standing in front of a bathroom mirror holding a camera.", "A man holds up a large camera as he brushes his teeth."]
["A woman is standing in the kitchen and holding a thermometer.", "Woman in brightly lit kitchen smiling near sink.", "A woman standing in a kitchen holding a toothbrush.", "A woman standing in a kitchen while holding a tooth brush.", "A smiling woman stands in a kitchen holding a stick. "]
["A living room is set up with cool walls, bright carpet and a dated entertainment center.", "A large screen TV and entertainment system its by the window in this living room. ", "A TV and entertainment system sits in a living room.", "A flat screen tv on top of a wooden entertainment center.", "A Tv that is in a very nice room."]
["Two women standing and playing video game near chair.", "A couple of women playing a game with remote controllers.", "two woman stand and play the WII ", "Two women playing video games in a living room.", "Two ladies standing in a room playing a video game."]
["Two girls playing with an interactive gaming unit.", "Two women with short hair playing a Wii game.", "two women are playing video games and a couch", "Two young women holding Wii remotes in an indoor setting.", "A sideways shot of two women playing a remote video game"]
["Two children sit on a couch holding toy wheels.", "Two children play a video game on a couch", "Two children are sitting on a sofa playing video games.", "A boy and a girl play a video driving game", "A young boy and girl sitting on couch playing driving video game."]
["A man an a woman playing with an Xbox.", "A couple holding controllers playing a video game.", "The coupe are standing up and playing video games together. ", "A man and woman playing a WII video game.", "A young man and woman playing a game with a Nintendo Wii controller."]
["A man and woman are looking at a television while playing Wii.  ", "A man and woman smile as they play a video game.", "A young lady and a young man standing in front of a TV.", "Two people playing a game with the Wii remote controls.", "The man and woman are playing video games in the room."]
["A living area with wooden table, chairs and a television.", "The apartment is cleaned and organized by the tenants.", "A vase sitting on a kitchen table surrounded by chairs next to a living room.", "there is a table that matches the floor rug", "A living area blends dining room and living room into one."]
["A man moves his video game remotes quickly as he plays a game.", "The person holding the remote is playing the video game", "A very blurry image of a person holding a remote.", "A man is playing with a Wii report on a couch.", "Seated person wearing blue jeans holding a white corded electronic device."]
["A picture of a clean living room. ", "A living area with sofa, chair and bookshelf.", "The interior of a living room with wood flooring and much seating.", "A living room with hard wood floors and furniture.", "A decorated room with no one in it has a table in the middle with various items on top. "]
["this is a table in the middle of a room", "a living room with an archway to a bedroom ", "A room with old fashioned decor and curtains on the window.", "A room with a table, chairs and a doll in it.", "a living room with a table and a shelf"]
["A living room with sofa, loveseat, chair, coffee table and television set.", "A living area with sofas, a coffee table and a television.", "A living room area with some couches and a television", "A living room with yellow walls, a beige couch, and a flat screen TV near a window. ", "A living room with couches and a tv."]
["A young boy with his father spending time with his father. ", "Man and child holding a remote control looking at an object.", "A boy plays Wii intently with his father", "a man and his son together playing a video game", "a person in the foreground with a child in the background"]
["A cat standing next to a red chair in a living room.", "A lone cat sits in a dark room with some furniture.", "A cat in a living room next to a red chair.", "A cat sitting next to a red chair in a room.", "A cat sits on the floor next to a sofa."]
["A woman looking over a picture in a frame.", "This old picture brings back great memories of when we were dating.", "A woman is looking at a picture in a frame.", "A woman in a striped shirt holds a picture as she stands near a sofa.", "A woman staring at a framed picture in her hands."]
["two people standing near one another playing nintendo wii", "A woman standing next to a man in a living room.", "A man and woman are facing a screen playing Wii game", "Two people standing up in a room and facing a television with video game remote controls in their hands.", "Two women stand in a living room playing Wii tennis. "]
["A man sitting next to a woman on a couch holding a game controller.", "An older man is playing a video game.", "two people sitting on a couch and one is playing a video game", "Several people on a couch are playing an interactive video game.", "A person holding a white controller and another person near."]
["A man is playing a video game at a gathering of many people.", "a person kneeling on one knee playing nintendo wii", "A man in striped shirt playing a game with a Nintendo Wii controller.", "A young man playing Wii while others around him chat", "there is a man standing and playing a video game"]
["A photo of a living room containing a fireplace but no other furniture.", "An empty living room with a charred fire place.", "A fireplace in a room next to the identical wooden shelves with mirrors in the back.", "A fire place between two book display cases with mirrors in the back.", "Living room fireplace and mirror paneled wall unit"]
["A man holding a Nintendo Wii controller in a living room with a blue leather couch.", "A man In a living room standing playing a wii", "A man holding a game controller makes an arm movement. ", "A man standing in the living room playing a video game", "A man wearing casual clothes plays a video game while holding the controller."]
["A man is playing a WII video game.", "A man standing in a living room holding a Wii controller.", "The man is using his remote to enjoy the game.", "a male in a black shirt i splaying a video game", "A man in brown sweater playing a game with Nintendo Wii controller."]
["A young man holding a game controller in his hands.", "A man has a game controller in his hand. ", "A man with a smile on his face playing a video game.", "A person smiles as he plays with a video game console", "A male standing up with a Wii remote control strapped on his hand."]
["A living room with a brown sofa and large window", "A living room with couch, television, and fireplace. ", "A living room is fitted with a large couch, fireplace, some lamps, and a TV.", "A living room contains an open window, a lamp, and a brown couch.", "a living room with a brown couch, tv and 2 different lamps"]
["A living room filled with furniture and a TV over a fireplace.", "a small living room with a blue couch, flat screen television and a fireplace", "A room in a home that has a fireplace and a flat screen television hanging over the top of the fireplace.", "Nicely decorated living room area with fireplace and artwork on walls.", "A television is surrounded by furniture in a room."]
["two people playing with electronics in their room", "there are two men playing video games together", "Two guys playing wii in a living room.", "The two men are playing an active video game.", "a man leaning over as he plays a video game with a wii mote"]
["A white bunny rabbit sitting on the floor of a den.", "A very cute white bunny sitting in a living room.", "A small white bunny standing in the middle of a living room.", "Rabbit released from its cage in the center of a living room.", "A white bunny rabbit sitting in the middle of a living room"]
["The cat is sitting on the rug in front of the stereo", "A bunny sits alone in an empty living room.", "A rabbit is sitting on a floor by a television.", "Small white and brown dog sitting in front of a television entertainment center. ", "A rabbit is sitting in front of a stereo and flat screen television in a living room."]
["A woman using a desktop computer mouse on top of a desk.", "a view from overhead of a person using a mouse at a computer on a desk covered with various electronics", "A person controlling a mouse at a computer.", "A person at a desk with a keyboard, cell phone, mouse and mp3 player.", "A computer user sits at a desk, surrounded b various forms of technology."]
["An unusual chandelier is the focal point of this room.", "A room with a couch, chairs, a potted plant and holiday decorations. ", "A small, cozy living room with a glass lamp hanging from the ceiling", "there are two chairs and a sofa in this living room", "A kitchen with two chairs in the living room. "]
["A white table topped with two desktop monitors.", "A desk with computer and office equipment on it.", "A work cubicle is filled with two computers and other computer accessories.", "Computer workbench and desk loaded with electronics, including a computer and phone.", "A computer with two monitors on the desk"]
["A Mac mini and a keyboard are on a table.", "A keyboard and mouse with a very small computer.", "A small computer keyboard, box and matching mouse", "A window display for the new mac mini thats for sale.", "A blanket with various items that include a mouse, computer hard drive and a keyboard."]
["A group of three people sitting on a couch.", "A group of people are sitting on the couch.", "Three people sitting on a couch looking a binder of paper.", "Three people sitting on a coach in front of a laptop. ", "A BOY AND OLDER PEOPLE ARE SITTING ON THE COUCH"]
["Three women behind bars and someone else taking a picutre of them.", "A man with a baby holding a phone near a group of people.", "a man and baby taking a picture of some people behind bars", "The baby is looking at the crowd inside the cage.", "a man taking a pictcure of some people in jail"]
["a white couch a brown chair a person a ceiling fan and a table", "A flat screen TV sitting in a living room next to furniture.", "A large living room with couches and a television.", "a couple of sofas i n a living room area", "A long living room with a ceiling fan is seen here."]
["a neatly put away living room with plush furniture and contemporary art", "A view of a living room from the ceiling.", "a living room with a couch and a chair ", "Paintings are hanging on the walls in a living room.", "A living room with contemporary furnishings and wall hangings."]
["A very tall cathedral towering over a city.", "A neo-gothic church clock tower with trees around the building.", "A large church like building with a clock on the steeple", "A tall clock tower on top of a building.", "Looking up at an architecturally elaborate cathedral "]
["A man in a yellow shirt and headband sitting on a bed in front of a polka dot wall.", "A gentleman sitting on a bed with a crochet headband on.", "A man sitting cross legged on a bed.", "A man sits on a bed against a polka-dotted wall.", "A man sitting on a bet with wall paper with poka dots in the background."]
["A woman para sailing on a beautiful crystal clean ocean beach.", "A person is wind sailing in the ocean.", "A parasailer glides through the water with ease.", "A person kite boarding with open ocean as the background.", "a man wind surfing at a nice beach"]
["A group of people flying kites on beach next to water.", "A number of kites flying in the sky above the sand.", "people flying kites on a body of water", "A group of people flying kites at the beach.", "Some people at the beach that are going parasailing"]
["a man in the ocean surfing holding on to a kite.", "A person windsurfing on ocean with sky in background.", "A person on a surf board riding a wave.", " A person in the middle of the ocean kiteboarding", "tHERE IS A WAKEBOARDER THAT IS OUT AT SEA"]
["A kite being flown in the blue sky.", "A multiple colored kite being flown in the air.", "There is a colorful kite flying high in the sky.", "A rainbow colored kite in a partly cloudy sky.", "A kite is shown in the sky with the clouds."]
["A woman flying a kite on the beach while a man standing next to her watches.", "Two people at the beach flying a kite ", "A man and woman flying a kite on a beach", "A couple flying a kite on an empty beach", "The man stands close to a woman flying a kite."]
["A wall containing many different types of clocks.", "Many clocks of different shapes and sizes hanging on a wall.", "A outside view of a store with many clocks", "Looking through the window of a clock shop", "A clock shop contains various models and designs."]
["Many people are walking up and down the boardwalk.", "A group of people flying kites on a beach under a cloudy sky.", "A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE ON THE BOARD WALK", "People are flying kites on a beach near the boardwalk.", "A busy ocean pier with several kites in flight."]
["the reflection of a car in the window of a building", "A white car driving past a building with it's reflection in a microwave door.", "A car is seen in the reflection of the microwave.", "A car is reflected in the glass of a microwave oven.", "Reflection of a car off the face of a black microwave. "]
["A young girl in a dress and a yellow sunhat holds onto a kite string.", "a little girl with her hands up in the air as she holds some kite string", "many kids at the park playing with some kites", "A little girl flying a kite in a grassy field ", "A young girl holding a kite string at a park."]
["A little boy walking through a field while holding a kite.", "A young boy is holding onto a large kite.", "A young boy in a red shirt holding a kite while walking.", "A boy with a kite in his hands in a grassy field.", "Young boy playing with his multicolored kite outdoors"]
["A laptop and phone on the table of someones balcony. ", "A laptop sitting on a blue tray with a building in the background.", "Cell phone plugged into laptop to charge up it's battery", "A laptop computer is on an outdoor table.", "A laptop computer sitting on top of a table."]
["a laptop sitting on a big blue box", "a pair of headphones is laying on a laptop", "A small laptop sits on top of the modem.", "A laptop computer, headphones and router on the table", "A laptop and other electronics sitting on a desk"]
["Woman in black jacket staring at flag and building with columns.", "a person standing on a large green field.", "many people standing in a field with kites in the sky", "A variety of people stand in a field by a monument.", "Tourists on The Mall in Washington D.C. on an overcast day."]
["A beautiful young lady with pink hair holding onto a kite.", "A red-haired woman about to launch an airplane kite.", "A girl with pink hair is holding a colorful kite", "A colorful lady flying a colorful kite on a sunny day.", "a woman holding a colorful kite in the shape of a plane"]
["In this scene we see a person flying a kite with a flag attached.", "A man flying a kite at the beach.", "Colored kites sail in the sky above a sandy beach.", "A person flying a colorful kite on a beach.", "Man on ocean beach flying several kites on windy day."]
["A man flying a kite in a blue sky.", "A man is flying a kite on a clear day", "The man in the blue shirt is flying a kite in a blue sky.", "A man is flying a kite on a clear day", "A man flying a two handled kite during daylight."]
["A yellow clock that is on the floor.", "A stained clock reads 12 noon as it hangs on the wall. ", "An old, stained, plastic, yellow framed analog clock", "A clock on the table in a room", "A clock is lying on the ground and is dirty."]
["a roman numeral clock with extra hands showing ", "A closeup of a clock with many different hands on it.", "A clock with a colorful drawing on it. ", " a close up of a clock face saying it is a little after 2 o'clock", "The analog clock face has ornate hands and roman numerals."]
["An open field with sand, grass, and trash cans.", "A kite flying in the air at the beach.", "Several kites flying over a grassy area under a partly cloudy sky.", "Trash cans are set up on this beach near a dune", "The kite is flying  high in the air "]
["The action at a professional baseball game played on a field of grass.", "Many baseball players and umpires are on the field.", "A baseball field with lots of people playing on it.", "A group of athletes are performing on a field.", "A baseball player getting ready to hit a ball at a professional game."]
["Here is an image of an outside city with a clock.\n", "A large clock hanging off the side of a tree.", "It is twelve forty five according the clock hung in this town", "A close up of a black and white clock on the side of a building.", "a black and white clock a tree and a building"]
["A baseball player swings through the pitch while the catcher awaits the ball.", "A baseball player swinging a bat in front of a crowd.", "a batter swinging at the ball while the catcher is ready", "A baseball player swinging a bat on top of a field.", "A boy has just hit a baseball in  field."]
["A baseball field, in the dugout area with a young boy holding a bat with both hands and going toward the dugout.", "a young baseball player is holding a baseball bat", "a bat bo9y carrying a bat back to a safe area", "some baseball players watching the game and one has a bat", "A young boy stands in a baseball stadium examining a baseball bat."]
["a baseball player swinging a bat at a ball", "The boy is hitting the baseball on the field.", "The baseball batter is swinging at a pitch.", "A baseball player swinging a bat over a base.", "A baseball player at home plate swings at a pitch."]
["A baseball player holding a bat next to a base.", "A baseball player holding a bat waiting on the baseball.", "A baseball batter getting ready for a hit.", "Baseball player in white uniform holding up a bat. ", "A batter waits at home plate to swing the bat."]
["an umpire wand players watching the batter slide into first base", "Male baseball player sliding into home plate as batter and umpire look on.", "A baseball player who is sliding into a base.", "The young man is sliding into base during a baseball game.", "A player can be seen trying to slide into home plate."]
["A batter is preparing to hit the ball at a game.", "a baseball player that is standing up at a plate", "some baseball players playing baseball fans and an umpire", "A baseball player holding a bat while standing on top of a field.", "The man is getting ready for the pitcher to throw the ball."]
["The batter prepares to run the bases as the catcher and umpire watch the ball to see if it went foul or not.", "A baseball player is hitting a pitched ball", "A crowd watches a baseball game being played.", "A baseball player swinging a baseball bat at a baseball.", "A professional baseball player swings his bat in the stadium."]
["A sidewalk beside a river with a clock tower beside it.", "a clock tower near a bridge and a body of water ", "A large clock tower at the end of a path near a river.", "a tall white tower with a clock on top", "A sidewalk alongside the river has a clock tower nearby."]
["A baseball player throwing a ball in a game.", "A batter is waiting for the ball at home plate.", "Sports team playing baseball on a ball field.", "A batter gets ready for the pitcher to throw the ball.", "A pitcher on a mound pitches a baseball to a batter."]
["A group of baseball players at the pitch", "He pitches the baseball toward the waiting batter.", "a pitcher throwing a ball to a batter", "A baseball player pitches a ball to the batter", "The action at an amateur baseball game played on grass."]
["A baseball player swings his bat after a hit.", "Baseball game, batter and umpire waiting for the ball.", "An umpire behind a baseball player at a baseball game. ", "A batter has just hit a pitch with his bat", "A baseball player is hitting a baseball on a brown field.."]
["A baseball player in a ball hitting stance.", "A baseball player is swinging a bat at a ball.", "a man with a baseball bat with one foot off the ground on a baseball field", "A baseball player is about to swing at a pitch. ", "A man with a bat getting read to swing."]
["A baseball player holding a bat standing on a field.", "A baseball player at bat during a game as seen through a net.", "a baseball player holding a bat up at home plate.", "BASEBALL GAME GOING ON WITH BATTER AT BAT", "A baseball player up to bat holing the baseball bat up over his shoulder."]
["A group of people, sitting in bleachers, watch a boy bat at a little league baseball game.", "Children playing baseball with fans in the bleachers", "People watching a player at the plate during a little league game.", "young boys in uniform playing baseball in a packed baseball field", "a young baseball player holding a bat on a field"]
["A child holding a bat walks back to the dugout.", "A young boy holding a baseball bat on top of a field.", "A boy paying baseball with a small group watching", "a little league  payer walking to the batters box", "A child holds at bat at a baseball game while people watch in the background."]
["Fans watching a baseball game on the field outside. ", "The view from behind homeplate at a baseball game.", "Baseball players playing a game in a stadium.", "Baseball player gets ready to receive his first pitch at the texas rangers stadium.", "A baseball game outside on a nice day with fans."]
["A man stands at the base with a bat.", "A shot of a baseball game playing in front of the crowd. ", "A baseball player standing next to home plate with a bat.", "A batter standing at the mound is preparing to hit a ball.", "A player up to bat in a baseball game."]
["A woman in a red shirt and white shorts playing tennis.", "A woman swings for a tennis ball in a game.", "a lady playing tennis at a tennis court ", "A woman is playing tennis on the tennis court. ", "A female tennis player completing a serve on hardcourt"]
["A little boy plays with a racket and ball.", "A little naked boy standing at the water's edge, holding a racket.", "A young boy with no clothes on holding a tennis racket at the beach, with his feet in the water.", "A small child plays with a racket near a body of water.", "A small naked boy holding a tennis racquet on a beach."]
["A young person running to return the tennis ball to their opponent. ", "The tennis player has just hit the ball with the tennis racket.", "A tennis player playing in a match who has just hit the ball.", "A professional tennis player off the ground having just hit the ball", "A man swinging a racket at a tennis ball. "]
["a child with a apron on looks at his food", "A child wears a white apron and stands in front of a plate of food and a rolling pin.", "Young boy in white apron making some sort of food.", "A small boy with an apron by some food and a rolling pin.", "A young chef looking at his freshly prepared mini pizza creation"]
["A woman in a red dress playing a game of tennis.", "A tennis player readies herself to receive a serve.", "A female tennis player playing tennis during the day.", "a tennis player on a court holding a racket", "A female tennis player holding her racket. "]
["A close up of a full cooked pizza pie.", "A pizza sitting on top of a pan covered in toppings.", "Baked pizza with cheese and vegetables on display.", "A single serving of pizza on a napkin.", "A pizza that has many different toppings on it. "]
["A piece of bread with sausage, onion, corn, tomato, and bamboo shoots.", "A plate of food containing vegetables, tomato sauce, and sausage on dough.", "Fresh vegetables and smoked sausage on a bread tortilla.", "A variation of meats and vegetables on a tortilla.", "flat bread topped with a mixture of sausage, mushrooms, corn, and other vegetables."]
["a meal on a table which includes pizza in a box and a bottle of beer along with a beer mug", "A pizza in a takeout box next to plate, frosty mug and a bottle of beer.", "A large sliced pizza and a bottle on a table.", "a table hilding a box with pizza, a plate, and a bottle of beer ", "a open box of pizza on a table with a bottle of beer and a mug."]
["A man and a woman putting toppings on a pizza.", "Two people stand close as they prepare a homemade pizza.", "There is no image to provide a caption for.", "The man and woman are making a pizza in the kitchen.", "a couple working on putting some toppings on a pizza "]
["A young girl eating a snack with a fork in her classroom", "The young girl is eating her food with a plastic fork", "there is a young girl eating at a small table", "The little girl is eating her lunch at her desk.", "A girl is sitting at a table eating food"]
["A girl holds a plate of food while eating a piece of it", "A woman enjoys a flatbread pizza with cucumbers in a downtown area.", "A woman holding a white plate with slices of pizza.", "A woman holding a plate and eating outside in the city.", "There is a woman eating a slice of pizza."]
["A plate of pizza with a fork and a cup next to it", "A meal of cheese pizza and beer looking out at boats in the ocean.", "Beer and pizza on a tray overlooking a harbor.", "there is a slice of pizza and a beer on a tray", "A slice of pizza sitting on top of a tray near the ocean."]
["A woman jumps with a tennis racket on a tennis court.", "a couple playing in a doubles tennis match", "Tennis player approaching position to being playing match.", "A woman that is standing on a tennis court with a racquet.", "Two people with racquets on a tennis court."]
["A man serving a tennis ball on top of a tennis court.", "A tennis player prepares to hit the tennis ball with the racket", "A tennis player prepares to serve a tennis ball.", "Man serving the ball in a tennis match ", "A man throwing a tennis ball in the air for him to hit it with his racket. "]
["A pizza topped with fresh basil is on display.", "a cheese pizza on a wooden plate with green toppings", "A cheese pizza with greens on top sitting on a wooden serving dish", "A thin crust pizza covered in dark green spinach", "a delicious cheese pizza resting on a wooden board. "]
["Man about to enjoy a piece of pizza at a ball game", "A man sitting at a game holding a box of food.", "A man very excited about opening a pizza box.", "A man opening a small pizza in a stadium.", "The man poses for a silly picture at the game."]
["A tennis player is shown three times within an image.", "a female tennis player in a blue top on the court", "Tennis players in blue tank tops that need bras", "Various different screen shots of a woman with a racquet.", "A young woman is holding a tennis racket."]
["a lady that has a tennis racket in hand", "A young female swinging at a tennis ball coming in low.", "The woman is playing tennis on the court.", "The female tennis player is wearing red and white.", "a girl reaches for a ball with her tennsi racket"]
["A beautiful young blonde woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A professional tennis player during competitive match hitting the ball with her racket ", "A young lady struggling to hit a tennis ball.", "A woman swinging a tennis racket at a tennis ball", "This is an image of a woman playing tennis."]
["A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A tennis player is bending to the side and reaching up.", "A tennis player plays on a grass tennis court.", "A tennis player swinging to hit a ball.", "A tennis player in action looks like he is trying to hit a difficult ball"]
["An office desk with a laptop and a phone on it.", "A small desk features a phone, laptop and speakers.", "A desk with a telephone, monitor, laptop and a mouse on it. ", "A laptop on a desk next to a phone and in front of a monitor.", "A mini office waiting for a human being to work properly."]
["A white computer monitor on top of a wooden desk.", "A neatly kept desk with a computer, keyboard and mouse on it.", "A room filled with different types of items all around.\n", "A computer is sitting on the table against the wall", "The desk is now ready for the appropriate computer."]
["a desk with a laptop and extra keyboard on it ", "A laptop computer on a cluttered desk connected to an external mouse and keyboard.", "The laptop is connected to a full size keyboard to make an effective work station.", "A laptop is set up at an office station.", "A laptop sits precariously on a desk, with a second keyboard in front of it, and windows behind it."]
["a computer desk with three monitors on it", "A home office with two computer screens and a laptop", "A room contains three computer screens and many colorful posters.", "A laptop with two other computer screen sitting on a desk. ", "A desk holds onto to a laptop and two monitors. "]
["A beautiful woman sitting on a chair on a laptop.", "A woman is sitting on a bench with a laptop in her lap.", "A woman is typing on her laptop on a bench.", "A womn is sitting on a bench with a laptop at night.", "Woman in green shirt sitting on a green chair working on laptop. "]
["A laptop sitting on a cluttered office desk. ", "a black laptop sitting on a cluttered desk ", "A desk with two computers and several accessories.", "A black laptop with a unique design on the screen.", "A laptop computer on a desk with a large computer monitor."]
["there is a white van that is stopped on the road", "Several people standing outside a parked white van", "Several people stand around a van stopped on the roadside.", "A group of people who are standing around a van.", "A group of men standing around a white van on the side of a road."]
["A laptop computer and desktop computer monitor on top of a desk.", "A work station with computers and other electronic devices.", "There is a counter top filled with computers.", "A kitchen counter is covered with computers and various parts.", "A kitchen is transformed into a makeshift computer garage."]
["A large garden in a lush green house.", "An indoor arboretum depicting many plants and flowers.", "A green room containing several plants and vases.", "The interior of a greenhouse with hanging plants and plants in stands.", "A photo taken inside a green house with many plants."]
["The stuffed bear has a tag on his ear and a heart on his chest.", "A CUTE BEAR WEARING A PINK HEART AND RIBBON", "A brown teddy bear hanging from a vase filled with flowers.", "A small teddy bear with a card attached to a bunch of flowers", "Close up of stuffed bear and plant combination."]
["A small stuffed teddy bear sitting on a vase.", "A teddy bear sitting in a vase with flowers.", "A small teddy bear with a tag is attached to some greenery.", "A teddy bear sitting beside a green and leafy plant.", "A brown teddy bear sitting on a cement wall next to ivy."]
["a big clock tower sits in the middle of a road ", "A clock tower that is standing in the middle of the street.", "A clock is shown at the top of a tower.", "A small clock tower in the middle of an intersection.", "A clock monument in the middle of a city street."]
["people sitting down using small laptop computers on a desk.", "some people and two laptops on a yellow table", "Hands working on two laptops on a table.", "People sitting around a table using their laptops. ", "Several people at a crowded table with laptops. "]
["The cat is sleeping underneath the clock. ", "A clock hangs on a wall with a sleeping cat beneath it.", "A clock and a cat lying next to it", "A cat is sleeping under a large clock.", "a cat is beneath a small clock with closed eyes"]
["a woman standing in a store playing iwth a kids laptop", "this is a woman in a toy store", "a woman plays with a toy inside of a store ", "a person playing with a toy in a store", "a lady checking out a pink toy computer"]
["A brown teddy bear sitting near a pillow", "A small teddy bear is sitting on the pillow of the bed. ", "A teddy bear resting against a pillow on a bed.", "a stuffed animal sits on a bed ", "A teddy bear on the pillow in a bed"]
["A metal vase filled with an orange flower.", "An orchid blossom arranged in a silver cup.", "A small steel vase with a flower of some sort in it.", "An orange lily sits in a metal cup", "A small metal bowl holding an orange flower on purple sheet."]
["A man using his laptop at his desk", "A man sitting at a desk on a laptop computer.", "a man sitting at a desk using his laptop ", "an image  of a man working on his laptop", "A man is looking slyly at the camera while sitting at his laptop at a desk."]
["Three people show their opened keyboard style cell phones. ", "A group of men holding onto smart phones.", "Three people are showing off their smartphone screens.", "We are looking at 3 different types of flip phones.", "Some people are holding up there flip phones"]
["a girl is on a phone standing near a sign", "A woman talking on a cell phone standing next to a  parking sign.", "a woman leaning on  a pole while talking on a cell phone ", "A woman talking on her cell phone while leaning on a street sign.", "Distressed woman answers phone in front of sign post"]
["A man holding a phone up to his ear.", "A man is covering his ear while talking on a cell phone. ", "A man sis with his head in his hands with a cell phone to his ear.", "A man covers his ear to better hear his phone call.", "A man holding a cell phone up to his ear."]
["A pizza with apples on a plate near a cup", "A pizza, a coffee cup and a finger toy on a table.", "A pizza topped with apple slices on a paper plate.", "A pizza on a paper plate next to a cup of coffee.", "a close up of a plate of food on a table"]
["A metal refrigerator sitting inside of a kitchen next to a counter.", "A refrigerator sitting next to an oven, some shelves and a door.", "The kitchen has a large stainless steel refrigerator. ", "A kitchen with a large refrigerator, shelves, and stove.", "A view of a kitchen refrigerator, part of a stove, and door."]
["A Nokia cell phone is sitting atop the box it came in.", "A box containing a smart phone on top of a wooden table.", "a cell phone sitting on the box it came in ", "A phone is sitting on a magazine with a picture of the same phone.", "A cell phone box is sitting on a table."]
["The back of a head of a person taking a picture with a smartphone.", "The woman is holding up her cell phone to take a picture.", "a person holding a cell phone in a crowd of people", "a woman holding up her cell phone so she can take a look at it ", "A woman holds up her phone to take a picture."]
["A large roasting pan in an oven filled with stew.", "A pot of stew sits on the rack of an oven.", "An open oven with a pot full of a stew.", "A pot of what looks like stew sits on the grill of an open oven.", "A pan of food is in an open electric oven."]
["Clutter stands on top of a storage cabinet in a corner", "a cabinet sitting in the corner with bottles and a fire extinguisher", "A tall white cabinet in an alcove with paper towels and other items on top. ", "A refrigerator in a corner of a room.", "A white appliance with lots of clutter on top of it."]
["A man's hands holding an iphone with a brightly lit screen.", "A person is looking for something on a smart phone", "A black and white photo of a man using an iPhone. ", "A man with his hands on the table with a cell phone.", "A pair of hands holding a cell phone."]
["An old clock on a wall with the title Correos.", "A close-up of a clock attached to the side of the building.", "old time clock hangs off of building out over the sidewalk", "A clock reads 4:55 in roman numeral style.", "A clock that is on the side of a street."]
["A cell phone lying on a picture of a young man holding a similar cell phone. ", "A cell phone on top of a screen.", "A guy is taking a picture of himself holding a phone.", "A cell phone in front of a cell phone advertisement.", "A camera is sitting on a counter top."]
["A person standing next to some trees taking a picture.", "A man walking in snowy woods taking a picture with his cell phone.", "A man standing in the forest looking at his phone.", "A man taking a cell phone picture in the woods.", "A man taking a picture on his cell phone in the snowy woods."]
["A person holding a cell phone in their hand.", "Someone holding up there cell phone in a subaway station .", "Text message on an old Nokia cell phone.", "A hand holding a black and grey cellphone next to train stop.", "A hand holding a cell phone in a parking garage."]
["A person is holding a small green cell phone.", "A closeup of a small electronic device being held by someone.", "A hand holding a cellphone above a checkered blanket.", "A person holding a phone with a camera", "a person holding a  cell phone  near a corch"]
["A person holding up a smart phone in their hands.", "a woman plays with a phone while sitting down", "Color distorted image of a person with a cellphone .", "Someone holding a cellphone in their hands while sitting down", "A person holding up a cell phone and touching it."]
["a young blonde standing and playing with her cell phone", "The woman is looking at her cell phone by a park bench.", "A woman in a park taking a photo with her cell phone", "The girl is standing and looking at her cell phone.", " The lady is taking a picture while holding water."]
["A man wearing a coat standing in a field using his smart phone.", "A monk uses some form of electronic device", "A monk dressed in black looking at a device.", "A man in robes is focusing on something he is holding in his hand.", "A monk traveling along a road wearing a robe and examining a trinket."]
["A man looking at a cell phone he is holding.", "A man looking at the white flip cellphone. ", "An asian man closely studying his cell phone", "a man holding up and looking at his cell phone", "A man reading something on his cell phone."]
["A sexy woman walking down a street with a  phone.", "A very pretty lady walking and talking on the phone.", "A woman walking in the street with a cup and a cell phone in her hand. ", "A woman walking in a busy area while talking on a cell phone. ", "Woman walking on pavement while talking on cell phone."]
["A woman standing next to a child holding a cell phone.", "A woman showing a child her cell phone.", "A woman showing a child something on a cell phone.", "A woman and child are looking at a phone.", "She is showing the child something on her phone."]
[" both sides of a phone in an ad", "A Lenovo smart phone shown from the front and the back.", "a couple of phones that are next to each other", "The new Ienovo cell phone is pictured here.", "The front and back view of a cell phone"]
["A person using the touch screen on a cell phone.", "A person using a smart phone while sitting in a chair.", "close up of a person demonstrating an iphone ", "An older woman holding a cell phone in her hands", "An older woman sits and scrolls through her iPhone."]
["a close up of a person operating a cell phone", "A persons hand touching a small cell phone.", "A close shot of some playing a game on their cell phone. ", "Someone using a cell phone to do something.", "a person playing a game on their smartphone"]
["A metal microwave sitting on a counter top.", "Colorful instructions written in French were attached to the small toaster oven.", "This microwave oven has a sticker on its door.", "A note is on the front of a microwave in a public area.", "A microwave oven with a yellow note on the door."]
["An alarm clock is showing the time at 6:53.", "A digital clock shows the current time at 6:53", "An electric clock says the time \"6:53\" in green.", "An LED display from a clock reading 6:53 in the dark.", "A digital clock is displaying the time in the dark."]
["A man with a hat getting food from the refrigerator", "A man getting food out of a fridge.", "Man handling food in a refrigerator next to a table", "an image of a man preparing for guests at a reception", "A person looks through a cooler near a banquet table."]
["A small bright orange refrigerator in a store", "Red refrigerator sitting on display inside a store. ", "A bright red refrigerator sitting on the floor in a store. ", "I do believe that is an orange refrigerator.", "An old fashion refrigerator in a room "]
["A man standing in front of a fridge with a lot of magnets on it.", "A man playing with the magnets on his refrigerator.", "A man picks through assorted objects in a cabinet. ", "A man who is arranging letters on a refrigerator. ", "The person is grabbing a multi-colored sticky note."]
["a man uses a blender to chop up some food ", "There is no image showing on this page to describe.", "The man is holding to top of the blinder down while it is running.", "a man that is mixing something up in a choper", "A man is looking at a blender and a plate of food."]
["A large church tower with a clock mounted on it's face.", "A clock tower has a weather vane on top.", "A tall brick church spire with a clock.", "A large clock tower is made of cement and brick.", "A building clock tower with a weather vein at the top."]
["a green vase with flowers and a calendar sitting on a table", "A small green vase with some pretty yellow flowers.", "A green vase with white flowers on a tan marble counter.", "Small vase with flowers next to a card on the table.", "A place card sitting on a table with a vase"]
["the corner of a roof with trees in the background", "A vase sitting on top of a roof top. ", "There is a vase left on the roof of the house. ", "A vase sitting on top of a wooden roof.", "An older model roof to an outdoor car garage.  "]
["A red container filled with office supplies on top of a table.", "The container sits on a counter in the office of an orthopaedic doctor who tests for patients' reflexes.", "Various items sit inside the cup on the desk.", "There are scissors and other tools in a container.", "Scissors resting in a cup with markers and other tools"]
["A close up of a very small teddy bear. ", "a small brown teddy bear sitting on a table", "A brown teddy bear sitting on a wooden table next to a red ball.", "A small teddy bear sitting on a wooden table.", "a worn teddy bear sitting on a table top."]
["A little kid is standing on a chair", "A little girl standing on top of a wooden chair.", "Here is a soul in the symbol/picture alone.\n", "There is a child that is standing next to the table", "A kid is standing on a chair at the dining table."]
["A plate of food and a cup of coffee.", "A table consisting of a sandwich and eggs.", "The omelette dish is next to a plate of breads.", "An omelet and toast on plates, and a cup of coffee.", "a close up of a plate of food near a drink"]
["Several clocks display the time in different time zones.", "A wall with clocks mounted to it showing different times zones.", "a wall covered clocks with different time zones", "the 4 clocks show different time from different cities located in different time-zones", "A group of clocks that show the times in various parts of the world."]
["There is a tree near the tall clock.", "A clock in a grassy park in front of a tree.", "A clock sitting on a sidewalk next to a tree.", "A clock on a pole at a street corner.", "There is an old-looking clock in the middle of a neighborhood. "]
["A woman eating a plate of food at a table.", "The young woman is enjoying her colorful meal.", "She bashfully eats the food off her square plate", "A woman posing for a picture while eating an entree.", "A woman smiling while eating food at a restaurant."]
["A very very old clock that is in an very old building. ", "some tall weird building with weird colored windows", "A very tall church tower with stain glasses windows.", "Two people are standing under an old building.", "Two people look up at a giant clock."]
["A large clock hanging off the side of a tall building.", "A carved antique clock mounted on the wall of an ornate building.", "A clock that has animal pictures instead of numbers.", "A VERY DETAILED CLOCK TOWER INSIDE A CHURCH", "A large clock displayed inside a very large building."]
["A white vase filled with purple and green flowers.", "A glass vase full of purple flowers sitting outside on a table.", "The potted plant features leafy lavender flowers on the top..", "Purple flowers in a vase filled with water. ", "A vase with a lot of beautiful flowers sitting on a table."]
["There is a vase of flowers setting in the snow.", "The flowers are in a vase in the snow.", "A vase with lilies in it sitting in the snow.", "A small vase with a few flowers is in the snow.", "A vase filled with white flowers sitting in the snow."]
["A small glass pitcher sitting on a table with a flower in it.", "A glass vase containing water and a single flower.", "A fresh flower on a table in a piture of water", "A single yellow flower sticks out of a syrup carrfe", "A yellow flower inside a clear water-filled pitcher."]
["A dying plant cutting in in a bottle of water.", "Dead flowers in a clear vase on a table with long shadows.", "a jar of flowers with its shadow on the wall", "A vase with water containing several dieing flowers.", "This photo shows a vase of withered flower stems as well as its shadow on the wall."]
["A large jar filled with white flowers behind chairs.", "A cluster of white flowers sitting on a vase in a window sill.", "A large vase of flowers behind chairs near a window", "A bunch of white flowers sit in a vase by the window.", "a flower in a vase sits in the window"]
["A person is making a pattern on the floor with tape.", "Tape on floor in interesting artistic design with experimenting colors.", "Someone who is putting colorful tape on the ground.", "a pair of scissors is laying on the ground", "Colored tape being laid in a pattern on a floor."]
["A pile of pairs of different colored scissors sitting on a wooden floor.", "A wooden floor with a pile of many scissors.", "A pile of scissors that are mostly blue.", "A pile of child safe scissors with yellow tags on them", "a bunch of scissors are piled up together"]
["A table topped with strips of tape and a pair or scissors.", "A floor covered in colored tape and pieces of paper.", "A group of papers and strips of colored paper laid out on the floor with a scissors getting ready to be assembled", "There is colorful tape, scissors and papers on a hard wood floor. ", "there are lots of pieces of tape on the floor and a pair of scissors"]
["A kid plays with scissors that look like a bird.", "A boy pointing scissors towards his face while puckering his lips.", "A boy is holding a pair of scissors and pointing them towards his face.", "A man opening scissors and pointing them towards his mouth.", "A young man holding a pair of scissors next to his duck lips."]
["A wooden shelf filled with stuffed teddy bears and treats.", "Some shelves that are packed with many various items.", "A book shelf full of books and nick nacks .", "A BOOKSHELF FULL OF BOOKS AND TEDDY BEARS.", "A shelf shows trinkets and a pile of dvds."]
["a stuffed teddy bear in a pink dress holding a stuffed bouquet of roses", "a teddy bear with a bow and pink dress and a brown teddy bear in shirt and pants", "The two dolls are placed next to each other.", "A teddy bear in a dress with a bouquet of flowers.", "Two teddy bears sitting next to each other one dressed as a man another as a woman. "]
["A man that is sitting with a woman at a table.", "A man holding a woman on a boat in front of a dinner table.", "A man and a woman sitting at a table near the water at night. ", "A man holding his arm around a woman and sitting together at a table on a boat and eating.", "A man and woman embrace while on a dinner cruise."]
["A little girl standing at the kitchen counter holding a spoon in a can.", "A toddler assisting with making pastries in the kitchen", "A young girl is eating something out of a can", "A young girl removing food from a can.", "Girl in the kitchen making hot stuffed sandwiches"]
["A table topped with breakfast food and a cup of orange juice.", "A plate of pancakes and eggs with 2 packages of syrup and a glass of orange juice and a cup of coffee.", "there are two plates of different foods on the table", "A couple of plate of breakfast food, with coffee behind it.", "this is a plate with food and forks in a table"]
["A man sitting at a table with food next to a little girl eating.", "A man sitting at a table next to a little girl with plates of food.", "A man having a proper cup of tea and a bun while a little girl licks icing from her fingers.", "A kid and some adults eating pastries at a table. ", "a person siting at a table with plates of food"]
["A picture of coffee and bread on a table.", "Croissants sit on a table with two coffees and sugar.", "Croissants and two cups of cappuccino on a table.", "An expresso, a cappuccino, and two croissants sit on a table.", "A basket with a croissant split in half and two cups filled with liquid on saucers."]
["Pastry baking in a black cast iron skillet.", "An omelet is in a cast iron skillet.", "A piece of bread is cooking in a pan.", "An omelette is being prepared on the stove.", "Omelet, partly folded inward, lies in black skillet."]
["a variety of vegetables and dip being displayed on a dish", "Celery, tomatoes, crackers and dips upon a white plate.", "An uncovered rough wood table shows an edgeless white tray with utensils beside it, holding matching, square dishes, and various foods, including raw veggies, toast points and what appears to be garnished cottage cheese and tuna salad.   ", "A bunch of food sitting on a plate, with vegetables next to.", "Bread and vegetables with dip on a plate at a table"]
["A man is sitting at a table with a plate full of food.", "A man is sitting at the table of a restaurant with a plate full of food.", "A man holding food and smiling with a full plate of food on a table. ", "A picture of a plate of food on the table.", "There are two plates on the table in the dark room."]
["A man sitting at a table with plate full of food.", "The man is setting at the table with a plate of seafood.", "A man is smiling at an outdoor restaurant.", "The man is sitting with a plate full of food at the restaurant.", "A man sitting at a dinner table smiling."]
["Several people are sitting at tables in a gym.", "A group of people are sitting around tables and clapping. ", "A group of people sitting around a white table.", "A group of people are gathered around a table clapping. ", "A bunch of people having a metting in a basketball court. "]
["A young child sits eating between two adults.", "A man, woman and little girl seated at a table eating a meal in a home.", "a group of people at a table with plates of food", "Three people sitting at a table with plates of food in front of them.", "A woman sitting at a table with a little girl and a man."]
["Many people are gathered together for the dinner party.", "Group of people gathering for a Christmas dinner.", "A group of people gathered together for a meal", "A gathering of people around a large table eating.", "A group of people sit at tables to eat a Christmas meal."]
["Two pieces of fried chicken and a side of macaroni and cheese arranged on a table.", "There is a plate with salsa and chips next to macaroni and cheese", "Cooked food is sitting on a plate on a table.", "A plate of fried food and sauce sits next to a side of macaroni and cheese. ", "a plate of fried fish and macaroni on a table."]
["A dish of steak and potatoes along with two bottles of wine.", "A plate of food with champagne bottles is on the table.", "A nice dinner with two bottles of wine.", "A fancy meal on a plate with bottles of wine.", "A dinner plate with ribs, potatoes, cheese bread and greens"]
["Two people, a woman with pink hair and a man, hold wine glasses and the shelf in the distance is filled with bottles.", "A photo of two are at a wine tasting event.", "A couple of people are at a bar with their wine glasses. ", "A man and a woman that are holding wine glasses.", "A emo girl standing next to a man at a bar."]
["A man drinking some wine using a wineglass ", "A man is drinking wine out of a wine glass.", "A man with sunglasses pulled up to his head and drinking from a wine glass.", "A man drinking from a nearly empty wine glass ", "A man holding a glass up to his face."]
["A man sitting in front of a table drinking wine.", "a man that is sitting next to a table", "A young person is drinking some water on a sunny day.", "A young male drinking wine near a window overlooking a vineyard.", "A person with a glass at a table."]
["A hand holding a long wine glass with wine.", "a close up with a hand holding onto a wine glass ", "A close up of a person holding an almost empty glass of wine.", "A person getting ready to test a sample of red wine.", "someone holding a nearly empty glass of red wine"]
["Man yawning and lady looking the other way at a table with wine and food.", "twp people sitting at a table with wine glasses and bottles", "Guy yawns at the table of wine bottles, glasses and bowl of food", "A couple of people sitting at a table with glasses of wine.", "a man and woman sit next to each other in front of some wine "]
["A kitchen with a freezer refrigerator next to counters.", "A bed and kitchen in very small room.", "A bedsit with a kitchenette with white cabinets. ", "A very large room with a bed and a kitchen.", "A view of a small room with a bed, and small kitchenette."]
["A pot on top of a stove next to a large metal ladle.", "A counter with cooking utensils in a kitchen with dim lighting.", "Pot and kettle on a stove top in a kitchen", "A tea kettle on a stove next to spoons and ladles. ", "A tea pot and various utensils sit upon a dimly lit counter."]
["A man in a wheel chair is walking his dog. ", "a man in a wheel chair walking a small dog ", "A man riding an electric scooter while holding a dog on a leash.", "A man in a motorized wheelchair walking his dog.", "A Beagle walks alongside a boy in a motorized wheelchair."]
["A children play area absent of any children.", "A craft supply room with craft supplies and containers.", "A work area room that is very very clean.", "A little children's classroom with materials and toys. ", "A counter top that has bins and a bucket of glue on it.", "A toy kitchen with a small table phone hat and teddy bear, with assorted crafts on the counter."]
["A stove top oven sitting inside of a kitchen.", "a tiled kitchen with a stove and sink ", "Kitchen with window stove sink dishwasher and tile floor. ", "A small kitchen does have plenty of cabinets.", "this kitchen has a white and black stove in it"]
["Cluttered sink and countertop in an institutional kitchen.", "a sink with some dirty dishes in it", "A kitchen sink with kitchen utensils in containers.", "Kitchen sink with dishes and knives with various kitchenware", "Dishes are in a kitchen sink below a window."]
["Some pans and kitchen spoons hang from hooks on a ceiling rack.", "Bunch of pots and pans hanging off of a hangar. ", "Metal pots, pans, and spoons hanging from hooks.", "Four stainless steel pots and several ladders hung from hooks ", "Pots and pans hanging next to metal spoons."]
["An old picture of a family on their farm.", "a family stands outside their home by horses. ", "A picture of an old western family and their horses. ", "a computer manipulated image of a man, woman and children on a farm", "Family poses in front of their house with horses next to them. "]
["Two men are riding on horses in the middle of a field.", "Two men riding on the backs of horses in a dry grass field.", "Two men sitting on the backs of horses in a field. ", "Two young men wearing hats are on horses.", "Photoshopped image of two cowboys on horses having a conversation"]
["A knife being slid into a wooden block.", "a close up of a knife holder on a table", "A knife being pushed into a knife block.", "A knife is standing up in a cutting board.", "A knife is being placed in a wooden knife block."]
["A bell pepper sitting on top of a blue cutting board.", "A green pepper being cut up on a cutting board with a knife. ", "A pepper sits on a cutting board next to a knife.", "A small knife next to a sliced and chopped pepper. ", "A pepper sits half cut on a cutting board."]
["A kitchen filled with metallic appliances and a stove top.", "A very sparse home kitchen and a foldable side table", "The kitchen surrounded by wood floors is clean.", "A modern kitchen that is neat and clean.", "modern kitchen with wooden floor areas and several utilities"]
["A white stove top oven sitting next to a refrigerator.", "A box that is on the counter in a kitchen.", "A kitchen with a porcelain blue vase on the counter", "A kitchen with a sink, stove, and cabinets. ", "A kitchen that has a lot of brown cabinets and a big white oven "]
["A kitchen with a doorway leading to a laundry room.", "A sink and dishwasher are sitting in a nook.", "An old kitchen with a sink and dishwasher.", "A sink, washer and dryer in a cluttered kitchen", "Small room with a washing machine, sink, and green painted walls. "]
["A white stove top oven sitting inside of a kitchen.", "A dirty kitchen stove and microwave with some pans ", "Kitchen with pans and food spread across several unclean surfaces. .", "A full view of the kitchen and the stove in the room. ", "A rustic kitchen where somebody was making a peanut butter sandwich. "]
["A large elephant walking next to a man", "an image of an elephant with decorated tusks and legs", "A decorated elephant plods along a Vietnamese street", "The man on the bicycle rides parallel to the colorfully painted elephant.", "A man riding an elephant painted with designs on the street."]
["there is a man and a woman standing in a kitchen ", "Two people standing in a small kitchen with an arched passage.", "a couple of people standing inside a kitchen.", "Two people standing in a kitchen near a stove.", "Two people standing next to each other in a kitchen."]
["Shears and knives are in a cutting block.", "A wooden block containing four knives and a pair of scissors.", "A collection of knives and a pair of scissors in a wooden block.", "Four steak knives and a pair of scissors in a a butcher's block.", "Kitchen knives and scissors are stored in a wooden holder."]
["A beautiful red haired woman holding a cup while wearing a sweater", "Several woman admire the alcohol available at a party", "Group of women holding up red cups near alcohol bottles. ", "Women are preparing drinks for themselves in the kitchen.", "People are standing in a kitchen with solo cups as one person pours a drink."]
["A kitchen full of stainless steel cookware. ", "A kitchen filled with lots of metal appliances.", "A very clean industrial kitchen in a small space.", "An empty commercial kitchen that has just been cleaned", "A commercial kitchen filled with stainless steel equipment."]
["A silver mountain bike is on a boat.", "A bicycle strapped onto the edge of a boat.", "this silver bike is sitting on a wood floor", "a bike locked up on the side of a boat ", "A bike parked on top of a boat."]
["some parked bicycles and two women on a bench and a book", "Two woman resting on a each other on a bench during the day.", "two people sitting on a bench reading, lots of bikes nearby.", "Two women are sitting on a bench reading a magazine next to a bike rack.", "A couple of women sitting next to each other."]
["a white tub is in an outside area", "A white bath tub sitting in a room next to a toilet.", "A modern style bathroom with a large tub and shower and tile floor.", "The view of a bathroom tub, shower, and toilet.", "A bathtub that is in a bathroom under a wooden object."]
["A bathroom with a decorated shower curtain. ", "A bathroom with a shower with a clear and blue curtain.", "a bathroom with a mirror a shower curtain an tiled walls", "This shower curtain matches the shower wall tile.", "Light from the bathroom window sparkling through the shower curtain"]
["Photograph of an outdoors zone that looks unbelievable. \n", "A small house boat with a bicycle on the deck.", "a bike on a boat on a body of water ", "A bicycle stands parked in front of a houseboat. ", "A bicycle with flower pots on a house boat."]
["A brown dog standing next to bicycles in front of a store.", "A dog is standing in the middle of several bikes while a man observes. ", "A person and a dog are standing near bicycles and a motorbike.", "A person in a hat with a dog next to motorcycles", "A colorfully dressed person and a dog standing next to several bicycles and a scooter."]
["A man riding a bike down a street.", "A man transports chickens by bicycle on a busy street.", "a person with the stuff riding a bicycle", "a person riding a bike with chickens strapped to the back.", "A person rides a bicycle down the road."]
["This bathroom has gray walls and white fixtures.", "a bath room with a toilet a sink and a mirror ", "a small bathroom with a toilet and a sink", "A white tub, a white toilet, and a white sink", "A white toilet sitting next to a bathroom sink."]
["A plain bathroom with toilet and bath tub", "a clean bathroom with a piece of wood leaning on the tub", "A bare bathroom that is white and green in color.", "A white toilet sitting inside of a bathroom.", "A brown towel that is sitting on a tub next to a toilet."]
["a bathroom with a white sink next to a white bath tub.", "A bathroom with mirror, lights, sink and bath tub.", "A bathroom has a sink on legs and round lights.", "A bathroom sink located underneath a mirror and several light bulbs.", "White bathroom sink with a mirror and lights above it. "]
["A bathroom with a sink under a mirror.", "A bathroom with tiled floors and white walls. ", "There is a bathtub and a sink in a bathroom.", "Older style bathroom amenities and mirrored cabinet in residential home.", "A small bathroom with sink and bathtub pictured."]
["A square white sink beneath an elegant mirror", "A bathroom scene featuring a mirror and sink.", "A wood framed mirror hangs over a white, square sink unit with silver fittings.", "A large bathroom mirror over a sink in a restroom.", "A bathroom with a squarish motif, square sink, square faucets, square mirror."]
["A kitchen with a bath tub sitting behind a wooden door.", "A rustic bathroom with a full size tub and sink.", "A bathroom has a bathtub and a sink.", "THERE IS A BATHROOM WITH A BATH TUB AND A SINK", "A wooden towel rack stands conveniently next to the tub."]
["A yellow ten speed bike parked on a bridge.", "A bike parked on top of a pier next to water.", "Bike parked next to metal railing by high waters", "A bike parked next to a fence near a body of water with a large boat in the background.", "A yellow bicycle parked next to a rail by the water."]
["A woman is putting on make up in front of several mirrors.", "Blonde haired woman in a towel looking in the mirror.", "Woman in white towel doing her makeup in a bathroom. ", "A woman stands in front of a mirror and does her make up.", "A woman putting make up on in a mirror with a towel on."]
["many bikes parked in a parking lot very close to each other", "A bicycle parking lot full of bikes with a moped up front", "Very many bicycles are parked in a bicycle parking lot. ", "A large parking lot filled with parked bicycles and motor scooters.", "A photo of a parking lot full of mopeds and bicycles."]
["Two toilets sit near each other in the same room.", "two white toilets are in a room beside each other", "a bathroom with a couple of different toilets in it", "There are two toilets in the tiled room.", "THERE ARE TWO WHITE TOILETS THAT ARE IN THE BATHROOM"]
["A view of a couple types of toilet items.", "some soap is sitting on a bathroom counter", "A bathroom counter with a sample bar of soap and other items.", "Little personal hygiene products in a hotel bath room", "Washcloths, soap, and lotion are arranged on a bathroom counter."]
["A man standing with his back to a mirror, but his reflection facing him. ", "A man turns his back to his mirror image which faces him.", "Man turning his back on his own reflection in a mirror.", "a person standing in front of a mirror with his reflection in a different pose", "A man stands with his back towards the mirror with his arm folded, while his reflection stand with outstretched arms."]
["A new and stylish bathroom with a walk in shower is shown.", "A nice remodeled three piece bathroom in white and beige colors.", "A clean, white bathroom with a walk-in shower.", "A very nice bathroom with an enclosed shower.", "Newly finished bathroom with ceramic tile and counterop"]
["A large white bathroom with a massive mirror over a sink", "A narrow bathroom with a sink, mirrors and a shower.", "Image of a vanity, shower and open window in a bathroom.", "A long bathroom with white walls and counters.", "A sink, shower and window of a bathroom."]
["a bathroom with tiled floor and a circular window ", "A room with a sink and a skeleton foot. ", "A small bathroom has a port hole window.", "A bathroom with a stand alone shower and a peep window.", "Is this possibly a bathroom on a ship?"]
["A green mountain bike sitting next to a bridge as a train passes by.", "A bicycle leaning on a concrete wall next to railroad tracks. ", "A bicycle is leaning against a concrete wall near by a rail and train.", "Bicycle, backpack and can of pop resting on concrete near train track.", "A bicycle leans against a graffitied cement wall."]
["a railroad crossing and some cars and trees", "Cars stopped at the traffic light while cross traffic moves along.", "A person in a cream colored car waiting at a stop light", "A car is stopped at a railroad crossing", "The back side of a car that is stopped at a red light."]
["A man taking a picture of his reflection in the bathroom", "A man taking a photograph of a long line of sinks.", "Several white sinks and a mirror in a small bathroom.", "Sinks in the washroom that is public and white.", "a bathroom with four sinks and a mirror"]
["A white Volkswagon bug with a skateboard on the luggage rack.", "A surfboard sits on a car in a parking lot. ", "A parked car with a surfboard on top of it.", "A white VW bug sitting in a parking space with a surfboard on top of it.", "A vintage beetle with a surfboard on the top."]
["A bathroom with a toilet, cabinet, tub, shower curtain and a scale in it. ", "s white tub and toilet in a cluttered bathroom", "A large bathroom decorated like a child's room.", "A bathroom that probably belongs to small children.", "A bathtub has a circular shower curtain around it."]
["A picture of a room with a TV and a bathroom.", "Picture of room with door to outside and bathroom adjoining.", "A view shows the bedroom and bathroom close together.", "this is a bedroom and a bathroom and a tv", "A television that is on top of a dresser in a living room."]
["A look of a bathroom sink through an open door.", "looking through a bathroom door at the sink", "A door opened to reveal a bathroom with its lights on", "A bathroom door opened with a sink and mirror in it.", "The door to a restroom is open, showing a sink and mirror."]
["A bathroom sink with a large mirror above it next to a doorway.", "A large mirror with black framing on the wall of a bathroom above the sink.", "A bathroom features a large mirror and toiletries next to the sink.", "The bathroom scene with focus on the sink and the mirror.", "a yellow and black bathroom with a mirror and sink"]
["tree are two woman standing in the rain under a pink umbrella", "two people in the rain sharing an umbrella", "Two women standing together under a pink umbrella.", "Two women are hugging for a pose under an umbrella.", "Two women are standing under a pink umbrella.  "]
["A cat sits on the edge of a bathroom sink.", "A grey tabby cat sitting on the sink in a bathroom", "A cat sitting up on a counter in a room.", "A cat is sitting perched on the corner of a bathroom sink.", "A grey and black cat sitting next to sink in a bathroom."]
["A siamese cat laying on top of a white sink.", "A cat hangs out in a bathroom sink by a bottle of Method soap.", "A cat is sitting inside of a sink.", "a big cat laying in a bathroom sink while making a mean face", "A surprised cat is relaxing in a sink."]
["A cat sitting on top of a green car.", "A cat sitting on the roof of a parked car.", "A cat sitting on top of a parked car.", "an orange black and white cat sitting on a blue car", "A brown and white cat sitting on the roof of car."]
["Cute multi colored kitten sitting in woman's lap", "A person sitting in a car with a cat on their lap.", "there's a woman sitting in a car seat holding a kitten", "A very cute small cat sitting on a persons lap.", "a close up of a person holding a cat "]
["A cat laying on to of a car roof.", "Orange and black cat sitting on the hood of a car.", "A brown and black cat lying on top of a car.", "a cat is resting on top of a car. ", "A cat sitting on top of a convertible car in a carport. "]
["a close up photo of a shaggy dog in a car", "A shaggy terrier puts one paw on the glass as he looks out the window of car.", "A dog peering head out window of motion car", "A dog that is wearing a leash with its head out the window.", "A shaggy dog with its head out of a car window."]
["a couple of buildings near a busy street", "A large building on the corner of the street, with cars driving by.", "A building is lit up on the corner of a street.", "A 7-story building with a clock tower surrounded by buildings on either side, at twilight.", "a very large building that has some cars parked outside of it"]
["A tall building on the street corner filled with traffic.", "The corner of a street with cars and buildings at night.", "A large intersection of roads in a city.", "building in a busy city lit up at night\n", "Many cars drive through the intersection near a well lit building."]
["A man sitting on top of a toilet with a toy on his lap.", "a man seated on the toilet lying on it", "A man has a dazed look while sitting on a toilet.", "A man with his eyes closed sits on a toilet with a blue doll placed on his crotch.", "A man asleep on a toilet in a bathroom."]
["A person on a skateboard on the road.", "Female skateboarder in driveway area with cars nearby.", "there is a woman riding a skateboard in front of a car", "A young woman is on her skateboard in front of a car. ", "A girl attempting to ride a skateboard in a driveway."]
["A vintage truck with a surfboard on top is painted matted black.", "The surf board sits on the roof of a hot rod truck.", "an old pickup truck with the motor exposed ", "A truck that is sitting in a parking space.", "Remodeled model t with modern modifications and surf board."]
["Some rocks are collected in a corner in this room", "There are artifacts such as rocks and ceramics. ", "Perhaps this could be part of an archaeological dig.", "rocks are sitting on the ground of the building.", "A mound of rocks and dirt appear beside a man-made structure."]
["A library filled with wooden tables with apple laptop computers on them.", "One person sits in a library full of laptops.", "A library with laptops on the desk and a woman studying. ", "A library is set up with computers on the desks.", "Library with table and closed laptops with one person studying."]
["An ornate set of towers n an old church.", "The spires of a cathedral rise against a cloudy sky", "A tower and building are shown behind trees.", "A clock tower next to building and trees.", "A chuck with a very large clock tower next to trees."]
["There are people standing at the top of this building.", "A tall brick building with a red roof covered in tiles.", "A top of a building with an arched window. ", "A small bird perched on top of a beige brick building.", "A view of a top of a building in day, it appears to be old."]
["A building with a tall clock tower with a green top.", "People walking around and near a city church.", "An Italian Neoclassic church amongst Renaissance era architecture", "A large building in the background with a clock and tower on the top of it and people walking in front of it down a sidewalk and paved area.", "A street with people walking about near a large ornate building."]
["a bath room with two toilets and a sink", "A white toilet siting in a bathroom next to as ink.", "A white toilet and a sink in a room.", "Bathroom with small square sink and two toilets in two corners", "a small bathroom with a couple of toilet in it"]
["An older gentleman is taking a ride on his motorcycle. ", "a person wearing a suit riding a scooter ", "An older man wearing a suit and tie rides a motor cycle.", "A picture of a person riding a motorcycle on the street.", "a man in a suit riding a motorcycle on a street"]
["Several sinks lined up by a brick wall ", "a row of white sinks lined up outdoors against a brick wall", "a bunch of used sinks lined up along a brick wall", "Several bathroom sinks are lined up beside the brick wall.", "A group of used toilets next to a wall."]
["A bathroom with a sink, toilet, and window.", "A photo of a fairly large and clean bathroom in someone's house. ", "A small, white bathroom with rugs and decorations. ", "A small bathroom that is all white ", "A bathroom with white a white toilet and countertop."]
["Many motorcycles are parked around a crowd of people.", "A bunch of motorcycles parked outside a factory building", "A group of bikers sitting in front of a mechanic shop.", "A garage has many riders and motorcycles outside.", "A group of motorcycles are parked outside of the garage."]
["A very tall building with a large tower and a clock on it's side.", "The building has a lot of windows on it.", "An official building made of stone with a tower", "Outside view of a large beige building and cathedral ", "The tower of the building has a clock displayed on it. "]
["A very tall clock tower sitting above a building.", "A small clock is seen on the side of a church.", "a church with a tall tower with a clock built into it", "a church with a clock built into the side of it", "An old classic church is in front a big blue sky."]
["two men standing between  a blue motorcycle and a wall ", "Two men standing beside a parked motorcycle near a wall.", "two men standing beside a motorcycle next to a tarp", "A driver and another person pose beside a motorcycle.", "THIS IS A PHOTO OF TWO MEN POSING IN FRONT OF A MOTORCYCLE"]
["A person riding a speed motorcycle on a track.", "Motorcycle racer making turn on track on sunny day.", "Coming into the turn the motorcyclist banks his machine.", "Person on the back of a blue more cycle taking a turn. ", "A motorcyclist driving a light blue motorcycle around a race track. "]
["A very tall church tower with a clock on the side of it.", "a gian building having alot of glass windows and a clock built into the outside of it", "A clock tower in a cathedral building ", "A tall building with a clock near the top of it. ", "A large stone building with a clock on the top."]
["An old stone building with a clock on one outside wall.", "An old building with a clock on it.", "A close of up a large steeple and clock tower on a building.", "A sky scrapper standing tall on a sunny day.", "a tower on a clock next to a cathedral"]
["a building with some trees surrounding it ", "A tall church tower sitting above a building next to a leafy tree.", "A view of a church from across a stone fence and gate.", "the entrance to the castle is decorated in a medieval style.", "A cathedral with a clock tower on a sunny day "]
["A close up detail of an ornate brickwork cathedral", "Stained glass windows with trim decorate a church.", "Trees ring a cathedral with clock tower and elaborate turrets.", "An ornate building has a clock tower near by.", "A heritage building with big windows and next to a clock tower."]
["A toilet and bidet have toilet paper stacked between them.", "A toilet and a bidet that are next to each other.", "The toilet and the bidet are in the bathroom.", "A white toilet sitting next to a bidet in a bathroom.", "A toilet and a bidet in a bathroom."]
["A white toilet sitting next to a shower.", "a bathroom with a toilet and a tub next to it ", "A washroom with a toilet and a bucket is there.", "The small bathroom has a toilet, garbage can, toilet paper holder, and a wall-mounted picture", "A bathroom has a fairy picture above the toilet"]
["A public restroom with several urinals and stalls.", "a bathroom with multiple toilet stalls and urinals ", "A clean public bathroom with black and white tile.", "A restroom filled with urinals and toilet stalls.", "A public bathroom with four toilet stalls and four urinals on the wall."]
["A very tall building sitting next to a street sign.", "A large pointed building is next to a sign.", "There is a very tall building in the background.", "A view of a tower from across the street. Its very unique and different.", "this is a sign in front of a large cathedral"]
["A pile of feces sits on the back of a public restroom toilet.", "A toilet is splattered with feces on the rim.", "a toilet with a digususting mess by the toilet seat", "A dirty toilet seat in a public bathroom. ", "there is a toilet with dirt on it"]
["An open laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.", "A laptop computer next to a computer monitor.", "Two computers are shown together on a desk.", "A desk with a laptop, computer monitor and keyboard.", "there is a black lap top next to a desk top"]
["A computer chair that is in front of two computers.", "An office desk with a laptop, a keyboard and a monitor", "A picture of someone's office desk and computer.", "The keyboard has an external monitor cooked up to it.", "An office has one keyboard and two monitors."]
["A motorcycle in a garage-like area by the wall.", "A moped parked in front of a yellow wall and traffic sign.", "A motor scooter parked next to a yellow wall.", "The motorbike is parked near the sign on the wall.", "an image of a moped sitting out side a hazard area"]
["A white toilet sitting in front of a building under a window.", "A toilet sits in a display window next to the street.", "a white toilet hiding behind a glass case .", "A white toilet and potted plant behind a glass window", "A glass window of a storefront displays a new toilet in a bathroom."]
["Black and white motorcycle parked on a sidewalk.", "Three images of a motorcycle with a custom windshield.", "A motorcycle is seen from different angles parked next to a wall.", "Photos of a stylish looking motorcycle parked outside", "Three images show different views of a motorcycle."]
["All of the people have their motorcycles parked.", "Men are gathered at a motorcycle show together.", "Outside, there are motorcycles resting on the grass while people congregate in small groups alongside of them. ", "a couple of bikes that is parked in a field", "An antique motorcycle packed ready for a tour at a rally"]
["A couple of cats standing on top of a desk.", "A cat draped in a boa standing on a desk next to another cat.", "A cat with a pink fedora draped over it and another cat stand on a desk.", "Two cats on a desk and one wears pink feathers across the back.", "Two cats on desk next to file shelves and computer."]
["a motorcycle is parked on the side of the street", "A motorcycle parked on the side of a street.", "A picture of an old motorcycle parked in a intersection.", "A red motorcycle parked in front of a car on a street.", "Motorcycle parked perpendicular on side of city street at night."]
["The motorcyclist in a helmet is looking over the side of a bridge. ", "Woman with a motorcycle staring over a bridge at a wetlands. ", "A man standing by his motorcycle is looking out to take in the view. ", "A motorcyclist parked near a railing looks out over the water.", "A woman standing between a motor bike and a striped wall over a river."]
["Helmeted person taking a tight corner on a motorcycle.", "A man on a motorcycle on a racing track.", "A person on a yellow motorcycle is turning around a street corner", "A person on a motorcycle taking a curve.", "One person is riding on a bike racing."]
