["A cat is  sleeping inside a duffel bag.", "An orange cat lays in a black duffel bag.", "A cat sitting inside of a bag by a curtain.", "a small dog is packes into a duffel bag", "a travel bag with a cat laying inside of it "]
["Young man on side of the road pointing at a truck.", "A man standing next to a parked truck in a forest.", "Man in a white shirt standing next to a green truck. ", "A man stands next to a truck on the side of the road.", "Man standing next to truck on dirt road with trees"]
["A couple of men standing next to a blue truck.", "Two men are standing outside of a truck on a back country road.", "Two men standing next to pick up truck in the woods. ", "Two men standing next to a truck on dirt. ", "Two men who are talking next to a truck."]
["Woman laying head on pillow with a cat on it", "A girl and a cat resting on a pillow.", "A cat sharing a pillow with a woman laying her head on it", "A young woman sleeping on a bed with a cat on the pillow next to her.", "A girl and a cat sleep on a purple pillow."]
["A cat laying on the floor next to a glass.", "A white cat lying under a table, next to an empty glass", "A cat with blue eyes is sleeping under a table.", "A cat laying on the ground with a glass.", "A white and grey cat laying below table next to a glass."]
["A small cat sitting under a wooden table.", "A brown and white cat sitting next to a glass.", "a cat underneath a wood table playing with a glass cup", "A cat is playing with a glass under a table.", "A cat leaned over looking at a glass on the floor."]
["A young boy sitting on top of a cow statue.", "A boy that is sitting on a bronze cow.", "A young man sitting on top of a bull statue.", "A boy is sitting on a cow statue. ", "A little boy that is sitting on a statue of a cow."]
["A couple of cats in a small room.", "A cat is looking close into the camera, with another in the background. ", "Two cats one in background one in front of the camera.", "a cat gets close to the camera as another looks on", "A cat sitting on top of an object next to another cat."]
["A cat is laying on a desk staring at a computer mouse.", "A cat looking intently at a computer mouse on a desk", "A cat next to a computer looking at a mouse.\n", "a close up of a cat looking at a computer mouse", "a kitty looking at a computer mouse "]
["A cat watches a blonde haired man on a laptop computer screen.", "A brown cat watches a video on a computer.", "A cat watching tv in a room in a house.", "A cat is watching a video on a white laptop. ", "A cat sitting next to a beer watching television.", "A cat watching a Computer screen with a Man on it"]
["a picture of a girl with a cat on a laptop screen", "A laptop computer is open to show a pic of a cat owner.", "A laptop and a cat on a desk.", "A cat that is looking at the screen to a laptop.", "A cat looking at a computer screen that shows a person and another cat"]
["A cat standing on top of a laptop computer.", "A cat sitting on a desk with its paw on a laptop.", "A cat plays with a laptop computer trackpad.", "A cat sitting on a desk with paws in the laptop.", "A cat with its front paws on the mouse of a laptop."]
["The contents of a backpack displayed next to the backpack.", "A backpack with its contents neatly laid out on a table.", "School supplies are arranged neatly on a counter.", "Brown backpack with school supplies laid out next to it. ", "A backpack with its contents neatly arranged around it."]
["A green truck that is parked on some grass.", "A large green truck used for transporting whisky. ", "Although not a new truck, this one is a sturdy vehicle.", "A large green delivery truck parked on a  green field.", "a red white yellow and green truck and some grass"]
["The little girl is watching a polar bear.", "A little girl that is looking at a polar bear.", "A little girl wearing a jacket and a backpack with a face on it.", "A child with a backpack looking at a polar bear.", "A little girl in a purple coat watches the polar bears"]
["Some animals that are out in the grass.", "Two brown animals grazing on a dirt trail.", "Two cows roam and graze among trees and shrub along a mud path.", "Two cows graze next to a dirt path.", "Some wild animals are in the grass and trees."]
["A man sitting at a table with lots of items on it.", "a cat on a chair behind a man sitting at his desk", "A man is sitting at a desk looking at the car on the back of his chair.", "A guy looks behind his back from his desk", "a young man is playing with his pet cat"]
["a cow standing by the fence as it looks towards the camera", "Five black and white cows are in a field.", "A large cow stands in front of an electric fence.", "A group of cows moving toward and looking over a barbed wire fence", "a black cow inside of a gate on a cow farm "]
["A green fire truck sitting on top of an airport tarmac.", "a yellow truck is behind some people walking", "A large yellow fire truck on the tarmac at and airport.", "a large truck on a run way ", "A man is taking pictures of a fire truck.", "A yellow firetruck that is sitting on a street."]
["A herd of cattle grazing on a lush green field.", "A group of cows eating grass inside a pin.", "Cows graze in a fenced in patch of land.", "Some cows are grazing in a fenced in area.", "Farm animals grazing in a large field surrounded by a wooden fence.\n"]
["Cows are grazing in a field in the shade.", "A bunch of cows standing around in a field", "Cows and calves grazing on grass in a shady field. ", "a herd of big cows on a wide farm ", "A row of cows grazing in a field in the shade."]
["A cat sits next to what appears to be a pumpkin.", "A cat sitting on a windowsill next to a painted pumpkin.", "a cat on a window sill near a piece of art ", "A cat sitting in a window basking in the sun.", "A cat sitting in a window sill next to an apple sculpture."]
["A striped cat sitting in a windowsill. ", "A house cat is meowing and sitting on a window sill.", "A gray, black, and white cat looking up next to a window.", "a cat looking stoned af on a window sill", "A cat in the window meowing at someone."]
["A cat looks at the camera while lying in the window", "A cat lays in the window on a sunny day.", "A cat sits and stares while on a window sill.", "a grey cat that is looking at something", "A cat that is laying down next to a window."]
["The cat is standing on top of the desk.", "a cat that is sitting next to a computer", "A gray cat sitting on a desk by a computer monitor.", "a grey cat sitting next to a computer monitor ", "A gray cat sits next to a computer."]
["A highway filled with lots of traffic next to a lush green park.", "A heavily congested highway next to an empty one.", "Photo of a traffic jam on a three lane highway from an overpass.", "Heavy traffic travels only in one direction, on the countryside.", "a slew of traffic driving down a free way "]
["A cat sitting on top of a TV peering out a window.", "A cat is perched on a tv peeking through the curtains.", " cat sitting on top of a gray television set.", "A cat stands on a television to look behind the curtain", "A cat is standing on top of a TV trying to look out the curtains."]
["The grey cat with white feet sits on a televsion set.", "A cat is sleeping on top of a tv showing a concert.", "A bookshelf with a tv that has a cat sleeping on it.", "A TV sitting on top of a wooden shelf with a cat laying on top of it.", "A cat laying on the top of a television with one of it's legs hanging down over the screen."]
["Several large bulls standing around in a grassy field in front of a farm plantation.", "A group of cows grazing in the green grass. ", "A herd of cows on a farm in grassy field.", "Several cows standing in the grass near a few buildings.", "A small herd of cows in a large grassy field."]
["A herd of cows crossing an empty road.", "Black cows following one another across the street. Brown cow of horse watching on from the other side.", "Several cows crossing a highway with trees and mountains in the background.", "A herd of black and brown animals crossing a country road.", "Black cows are crossing a country road with the mountains in the distance."]
["Two black and white cows resting in a field next to body of water.", "A cow scratches her head with a back leg.", "Black and white cows look in different directions in a field with bushes.", "A black and white cow is scratching it's ear with a hind leg.", "a close up of cows on a field of grass with bushes near by"]
["A baby nursing from its mother in the grass.", "Some very cute cows in a big grassy field.", "a couple of cows that are standing up in a field", "A mother cow feeding a baby cow on a green field.", "A large brown cow allowing her calf to nurse in a green field"]
["People sitting down during a tour boat excursion.", "A man with a umbrella on a boat with people.", "There is a man holding a umbrella sitting looking", "a person sitting down holding an open umbrella", "A man sitting next to his lover while holding an umbrella."]
["People on a boat with two males under an umbrella.", "Passengers are seated are riding on a boat.", "People are on a boat by the water.", "there are two men sitting on beeches sharing a umbrella", "Two guys posing for a picture on the boat under an umbrella"]
["Bunch of cows walking through the grass behind a car", "A group of cows is running down a path in the field.", "Animals walking on the grass by the rocks and trees. ", "There are some cows standing in a grassy field", "A bunch of cows roaming a grassy field during the day."]
["Sepia photograph of cows grazing in field next to a fence.", "there are three brown horses behind the fence ", "A cow standing behind a barbed wire fence on a field.", "Cattle grazing on grasses in large open field in daytime.", "A cow that is bent down near a fence and feeding from the grass."]
["A lone cow standing behind a metal wire fence.", "A cow on a field with a wired gate and the cow is looking at it.", "A cow in a green pasture looking over a fence.", "a close up of a cow on the other side of a face", "A cow standing outside of a fenced in area"]
["Two cows standing in water next to a grassy field.", "two cows in a body of water near a field ", "Two cows are standing in the water near green grass. ", "Two cows are standing in the water ", "Two cows wading through a flooded grass plain."]
["Two white cattle standing in water next to some ducks.", "some cows standing in the water with a little bird ", "Two white cows and a duck in a river.", "A couple of cows standing in a river next to a duck.", "Two cows standing in a lake with several ducks around. "]
["A herd of cattle grazing in a dry field with snow off in the distance.", "Cattle grazing in partially snow covered ground in winter.", "Winter photo of cows and calves in a field of dead grass with traces on snow under the trees.", "A group of cows grazing in a deserted plains area", "Cows in field with melting snow in the background. "]
["A woman kneeling down to an orange cat on a lap top computer.", "A woman with glasses snuggling with an orange cat.", "a cat laying down next to a woman wearing glasses ", "A cat and girl with their heads laying on a laptop.", "A person laying their face on an orange cat."]
["A small laptop with a cat laying behind the screen.", "A cat laying down behind a laptop. ", "A laptop on with a cat sitting behind it ", "a cat laying on a desk behind a laptop", "A laptop has some sort of protection program running. "]
["A cat sits on top of a laptop keyboard", "A white cat is sitting on a black case.", "a close up of a cat laying on a laptop ", "Cat sitting on keyboard of laptop on table indoors.", "A fluffy white cat sitting on a laptop computer keyboard."]
["Cat sleeping on mat covered with remote controls. ", "A cat sleeping on a bed with 3 remotes on top of him ", "Calico cat sleeping on \"fleece\" covered with remote controls.", "A cat lying down with eyes closed and three different remote controls on it.", "A cat sleeping with three TV remotes on it."]
["A small kitten is walking on a computer keyboard. ", "A small young kitten is playing on a computer keyboard.", "A kitten sitting on the keyboard of a computer.", "A kitten standing on top of a computer keyboard.", "A kitten with its front paws on a keyboard."]
["q close up of three men wearing suits and neck ties", "Three men in suits are standing in front of flags.", "A group of men in suits standing in front of flags.", "an image of three men standing together at a meeting", "Three men in dark suits standing in front of sign."]
["A blonde woman adjusting a mans neck tie.", "A man in a suit making a face while a woman adjusts his tie.", "A woman fixing a man's tie for him.", "mother helping a son by fixing his tie.", "A woman pinning a corsage to a mans suit."]
["a close up of a baby wearing a bow tie", "THERE IS A BABY WITH A BOW TIE LOOKING AT SOMETHING", "A baby in bow tie sitting on a person lap.", "A baby boy is wearing a bow tie.", "A baby is wearing a polka dot bow tie."]
["Three men wearing black and ties stand and smile at something out of the frame. ", "Three men are dressed in black and have ties. ", "A group of three men standing next to each other.", "Three men dressed in all black with unique ties.", "Numerous individuals are out and having a fabulous time there. \n"]
["A lady and woman addressing the press with microphones on the stand", "A man and woman standing in front of a podium.", "A man and woman giving a press conference", "there is a man and a woman speaking in to many micro phones ", "A man and woman standing in front of microphones."]
["A man in a tie shaking a woman by the hand.", "A woman is smiling while speaking and shaking hands with a man in a board room.", "a close up of two people shaking hands", "a thin man shaking hands with a thin lady in a red and turquoise suit", "A man shaking a woman's hand next to other people."]
["A picture of a person holding an umbrella.", "A woman holding an umbrella is listening to music.", "A woman holding an umbrella near an iron fence.", "LADY WITH A FROWN, HOLDING UMBRELLA  WITH BRIGHT ORANGE WALL BEHIND HER", "A woman standing next to a fence holding an umbrella."]
["Some clothing is being sold outside of a building.", "A street with various market vendors and an umbrella.", "Several people are standing or walking near a street market in front of a building.", "a bunch of street venders line a side walk made of bricks ", "A view of an outdoor market that is taking place."]
["A lady walks down a street with an umbrella.", "A women who is walking down a street holding an umbrella.", "The woman holding an umbrella walks down the walkway.", "A woman holding an umbrella, facing a row of shops that are closed for the night.", "A woman walking down a street holding an umbrella."]
["a man in a burgundy collar shirt and gold vest putting on his tie", "Man in red shirt tying a silver tie.", "A person in a vest and tie standing.", "a man in a dress shirt with a vest ties his silver tie", "A man in a vest that is holding his tie."]
["a group of people sitting down with umbrellas", "a number of people holding umbrellas near one another ", "People walking through street with tents outside and rain", "a few people that has some umbrellas in hand", "A group of people standing around a farmers market."]
["Two people riding on the back of an elephant through a lake.", "An elephant carrying people crossing a river with rapids.", "tree are two people crossing the river on a elephant", "A person riding on the back of an elephant across a river.", "An eephant walsk across a running river "]
["Two men who are standing near each other.", "The two men wearing suits are posing for a picture.", "Two men in suits are pictured standing and smiling.", "A couple of men in ties and suits with glasses on.", "Two men wearing glasses and wearing suits. "]
["A man standing on stage with a group of men .", "Five men in suits standing around a wooden podium", "A group of politicians are standing around a podium. ", "A group of men standing at a podium receiving an award.", "Five men in formal wear, standing around a podium."]
["Several people are at a podium holding a frame while a man in a suit looks on.", "People gather around a podium and smile in black and white.", "A woman is receiving a frame photo from two men and a woman.", "Several people smiling while one is being presented with something framed.", "A group of people at a podium in a room."]
["A group of people sitting at a table having dinner.", "A black and white photo of people playing cards at a table", "A black and white photo shows a group of people dressed in black tie attire playing cards and having drinks.  ", "Processed photograph to give historic look, brown tone (not color), group gathering, men in black tie woman in more formal dress.", "A group of people in formal clothes play cards together."]
["A man wearing a striped suit and a purple tie and a paper flower on his lapel.", "A man in a suit and tie with a boutonniere ", "A man in a suit an d tie and a flower pin", "A man in a suit wears an elaborate lapel pin.", "A man's boutonniere and tie are flamboyantly patterned."]
["A man poses for a picture in a nice dinner jacket.", "Did these three guys buy their ties at the same place?", "Three young men wearing ties stand outside in the daytime.", "some guys dressed nicely by some trees ", "A man in a suit and tie next to other men in ties."]
["Two men with beards wearing suits on a sunny day.", "Two men are hugging at a formal affair.", "2 men in an embrace posing for a photograph", "Two men wear suits in a park. ", "Two men in suits and tie are hugging."]
["A man in a kilt stands before a white board.", "A man in a coat in tie wearing a skirt and stockings. ", "A man wearing a short skirt and a blue blazer.", "A man wearing a jacket and tie with a skirt and hose.", "THERE IS A MAN WEARING A TIE AND SKIRT "]
["a man is sitting under a red umbrella outside", "A man sitting at a table under a red umbrella.", "A man sits at a small table under an umbrella. ", "A line of table against a building on a sidewalk. ", "Tables with umbrellas outside of eatery on crowded city street."]
["Two large elephants wander the wilderness under a cloudy sky.", "A black and white photo of elephants on the plains.", "Two elephants walking through a lightly forested area.", "Two elephants walking through trees in the wild.", "Two elephants are walking through the grass together"]
["A group of people at the beach with umbrellas", "a bunch of people sitting on a sandy beach ", "People are on a beach and one person has a bright umbrella. ", "The people in the crowd are using umbrellas for protection.", "A large group of people are hanging out at the beach."]
["An single orange is sitting on a table.", "An orange is sitting on a surface in front of a black background.", "An uncut orange placed in a dark spot for effect", "A round un-pealed orange and a black back ground.", "An orange is dimly lit against a black background."]
["Two adults and two children sitting on an elephant", "A couple of tourist taking a ride on an elephant.", "A family rides on a large elephant through the jungle.", "A boy waves as he rides an elephant with a woman and young girl. ", "A mom and her kids ride together on an elephant. "]
["a white gray and black cat is laying on top of a box", "A multi colored cat laying on top of a cardboard box.", "A grey and white cat laying on top of a box.", "A cat laying on a box on the ground.", "A very cute cat laying on top of a box."]
["A body of water with boats floating on top of it.", "Several people in boats all headed in the same direction.", "Several small boats sitting in the water with buildings behind them.", "some little boats being pulled in the water by a bigger one ", "A group of boats that are sitting in the water."]
["Someone has taken a picture of the rear end of this elephant.", "A small gray elephant eating food by a fence", "An elephant graving on some food in its pen.", "An elephant looking through a gray meshed area.", "A young elephant is facing the bars of its zoo cage."]
["A group of people who are standing near each other with umbrellas.", "some people are walking on the street with umbrellas", "A mothernand child walking done a sidewalk holding an umbrella.", "a woman and her daughter walking under an umbrella ", "this is a crowd of people on the sidewalk"]
["a boat with some people in it going down the river in front of some high rises ", "a large white boat slowly moving down the river . ", "A boat that is floating on a river with buildings in the background.", "A large boat going down a channel by some grass and big buildings in the background.", "there is a boat that is going down the river"]
["A large boat sitting in the middle of a body of water.", "there is a large red boat that is seen in the water", "this is a red boat sitting on the water", "a tug boat sitting parked next to a ship", "A San Francisco Fire Department ship on the water."]
["A man wearing a tie next to a woman.", "A woman grabs a man's tie while looking at something else.", "A man and a woman sitting next to each other on a bench.", "A man and women posing for a picture", "a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a black shirt"]
["A man in a white shirt has his hands on another man's shirt collar.", "One man helping another man with his tie. ", "Two men standing together one helping the other with his tie.", "Two men putting on formal attire for a wedding.", "A man helps another man to adjust his tie."]
["A small elephant standing next to a tree stump.", "A small gray elephant is giving itself a dust bath.", "an elephant some sand a fence and plants", "A large elephant is standing in a fenced in enclosure.", "a large grey elephant standing next to a stump."]
["Two elephants in leafy area eating grass and leaves.", "Two elephants are standing side by side in a zoo. ", "An adult elephant and a child elephant walking in different directions. ", "Two elephants facing opposite directions and standing beside one another.", "Two elephants standing on top of a lush green field."]
["a person petting a small elephant statue ", "A person and a elephant by some trees.", "An Asian lady in a red dress petting a small elephant at a zoo.", "there is a woman standing next to a small elephant", "A gray elephant standing next to a woman in a red dress."]
["An elephant in an enclosure is touching a woman in a pink dress.", "Two girls touch an elephant's trunk at a zoo.", "Women at a zoo feeding peanuts to an elephant.", "A girl feeds an elephant something from a bowl. ", "A girl feeding an elephant at a tourist stop."]
["A woman holding a bowl in her hand standing next to a baby elephant.", "A women who is holding something by an elephant.", "Young elephant interacting with young woman with food bowl.", "A lady in a red dress standing by an elephant statue.", "Small elephant being excited over woman in front of him."]
["A cute young woman pets the head of a baby elephant in a zoo.", "An asian woman posing while petting a baby elephant.", "An attractive long lady bending over to pet a baby elephant.", "A woman stands next to a baby elephant.", "A woman petting an elephant near some trees. "]
["a girl stands by an elephant near some trees", "A woman standing next to a small elephant.", "a woman playing with a baby elephant's trunk ", "A woman feeding a baby elephant by hand.  ", "Asian lady attempts to feed a young elephant"]
["A large elephant standing next to a small elephant.", "An adult and baby elephant are in bushy trees.", "a very large elephant that has a small elephant below", "a elephant and its baby are together outside", "A MOTHER ELEPHANT GRAZING WITH HER NEWBORN CALF."]
["An elephant mother with a baby elephant beneath her reaches for branches with her trunk.", "A small elephant standing next to lush green field.", "A large elephant with a small elephant standing under it", "An adult elephant with a young elephant near it. ", "This baby elephant is nursing on its mother"]
["A boat floating along a pier with people sitting on it.", "Group of people sitting on a dock near water.", "A group of people sit on a dock in front of a boat in the ocean.", "An ocean scene with a boat and a dock in the background.", "People dangle their feet off a dock in front of a colorful power boat."]
["The two gentlemen are talking with each other.", "A lot of people that are talking to each other.", "A photo of several people in suit and tie holding umbrellas.", "A group of people standing around holding umbrellas.", "a group of people stand on the beach talking "]
["A group of elephants walking in dry grass.", "A herd of elephants stand in the tall grass near trees.", "A herd of elephants standing around in a forest.", "very many elephants in the forest moving in a group", "Many elephants walking through high grass in front of tree's."]
["A couple of elephants standing next to each other.", "Two adult elephants walking with a baby elephant.", "Two elephants walking through dirt near trees. ", "Two adult elephants are a baby are making their way up a bank.", "two big elephants standing beside a smaller one "]
["Five people are riding in a red boat on the water.", "some people standing on a little red boat ", "A group of people sailing inside of a boat. ", "A group of young people stand on a small boat in the water.", "A group of people are posing in a boat in the water. "]
["A boat tugs a barge behind it through the water.", "a barge pulling a load in the water", "A boat is moving a barge through the water.", "A towboat towing a barge with yellow containers on it.", "A tug boat pulling a barge with two yellow containers."]
["A tugboat in the water has two occupants. ", "A tug boat floating on a large body of water.", "Two men in rain gear pull ropes on a fishing boat.", "A fishing boat sailing in the ocean with two men.", "A small fishing boat with two people on deck"]
["The woman and baby are watching the elephant.", "An elephant walking into watering hole while a mother and child watch.", "A elephant that is standing near the water.", "A woman holding a child next to a body of water.", "An elephant is drinking over at The river"]
["A mama elephant standing next to a baby elephant in a cage at a zoo.", "An elephant in a cage with its baby.", "a baby elephant and a large elephant standing near one another", "A ELEPHANT IS WALKING NEXT TO ITS BABY CUTIE!", "The baby elephant stays close to its mother."]
["A boat is parked near a dock on a lake outside a building.", "A boat sailing across a lake near a city at night.", "a couple of boats parked by the shore with lights in the background ", "A harbor with boats and lights at night.", "A body of water at night with two boats docked."]
["a beach crowded with people and many different colored umbrellas", "LOTS OF PEOPLE WITH UMBRELLA'S GATHERED ON THE BEACH\n", "a beach full of colorful umbrellas covering the sand", "A crowd of people hang out under umbrellas at the beach\n", "There are bunches of colorful umbrellas at the beach."]
["A baby elephant standing at the edge of a water hole reaching out with its trunk.", "A small elephant standing next to a body of water.", "a little elephant with its trunk stretched out standing next to the water ", "an old photo of an elephant near a body of water ", "An elephant walking into a watering hole. "]
["An old and weathered suitcase sits on the street.", "A stained canvas luggage piece sitting on wet pavement.", "Beat up old style luggage sitting alone on pavement.", "a close up of a luggage bag on the floor", "An old suit case is shown sitting on the ground."]
["A brown and white dog sitting on the end of a couch.", "A beagle is sitting in a chair with arm propped up the way a human would sit.", "A dog sitting in a recliner inside a home.", "a brown and white dog is sitting on a tan couch", "A dog sitting on a chair in a room. "]
["A dog sitting on top of a couch with a smile.", "A dog looking straight on as the camera light reflects in its eyes.", "A very cute brown and white dog with shining eyes.", "A dog laying on the couch staring into the camera.", "A brown and white dog laying on the arm of a chair."]
["so many people at the beach relaxing and swimming", "A beach scene with hundreds of people and many beach umbrellas.", "A crowded sandy beach with hotels and buildings in background.", "A large sandy beach filled with lots of people.", "Many people laying and playing on a beach and in the water."]
["Two elephants eating off the ground in a secluded area", "two elephants standing side by side in an enclosed pen", "Two elephants are standing in a pen by a fence.", "Two elephants stand around in an enclosed area", "these are two elephants on the dirt at the zoo"]
["There seem to be bags of trash in the back of that truck.", "a yellow truck a black car and a man with a red jacket", "The back of a garbage truck with the content held back by bungee cords.", "The back of a yellow refuse tuck driving down a town street.", "the back end of a dump truck drives down the road"]
["A woman standing on top of two pieces of luggage.", "A woman in flats is standing on the luggage.", "The person is standing on the luggage suitcases. ", "A person in a dress and flats standing on suitcases.", "A woman stands on top of some old suitcases."]
["A man is on top of an elephant in a river.", "A person rides an elephant that is in a river.", "A person standing on the back of an elephant in a river.", "The man in the river is standing on an elephant. ", "A man standing on top of an elephant."]
["There is a group of benches with umbrellas", "A bunch of wooden benches sitting with blue umbrellas over them.", "Many different wooden tables outside with some umbrellas. ", "Rows of park benches with green umbrellas on them.", "A large group of empty pic-nic tables under blue umbrellas."]
["An elephant is walking around his exhibit at the zoo", "an elephant standing on a dirt ground near many trees", "A large elephant can be seen in an enclosure commonly seen at a zoo.", "The huge elephant stands in his own environment.", "Elephant standing in a zoo enclosure on a sunny day."]
["A single elephant standing in the sun in front of fence. ", "The elephant stands in front of the fence in and trees.", "An elephant curls his trunk in a fenced area. ", "An elephant inside an enclosure looking at the camera.", "An elephant swinging its trunk inside of a pen."]
["A group of people with an umbrella leaving from stormy skies.", "A couple of people on a road with a umbrella.", "People walking on a roadway at dusk with an umbrella.", "People on a beach with umbrellas on an overcast day", "Several people walk under an umbrella down a road near a beach with umbrellas."]
["A young Asian girl has an umbrella to protect her from the rain.", "A woman that is holding an umbrella in her hand.", "A woman standing alone holding a large, white umbrella.", "A pretty young lady carrying a white umbrella.", "a female in a white top and a white umbrella and lights"]
["An elderly woman wrapped in a shawl walks by, gripping the shoulder strap of her bag.", "Several People walking in a city street, one woman wears a head scarf, others have umbrellas.", "This is an image of a women with an umbrella", "A group of people walking down a street holding umbrellas.", "A woman wearing a black shawl with white umbrellas in the background."]
["A crowd of people walking down a street holding white umbrellas.", "A large group of people are carrying white umbrellas.", "Many people walking down a street holding white umbrellas.", "a group of people walking down the road while holding onto white umbrellas ", "Many people have umbrella opened when there is no rain. "]
["a person walking down a sidewalk holding a colorful umbrella", "SOMEONE CARRYING AN UMBRELLA TO KEEP OUT OF THE RAIN", "A person walking down the street with a rainbow colored umbrella", "A person wearing Ugg's is holding a multicolored umbrella while walking on the sidewalk by a brick building.", "A person with an umbrella is walking down the sidewalk."]
["A young man kneeling down to luggage filled with sound equipment.", "a person near a a few open luggage bags", "A man plays music on a street corner", "A man knelt down behind four opened suitcases.", "A man displaying suitcases with speakers in them on the sidewalk."]
["Suitcases sitting on the carpet in the middle of a room. ", "Three bags of luggage sitting in a room.", "three bags packed in the middle of a tidy livingroom", "Three various colored suitcases next to a black and white guitar.", "A room with suitcases and guitars lined up in the middle."]
["A dog holds a Frisbee outside on the grass. ", "A dog is running with a Frisbee in its mouth.", "A dog runs through the grass carrying a frisbee. ", "A brown dog carrying a frisbee in a grassy area.", "A german Shepherd uses it's mouth to carry a toy around a yard. "]
["A piece of luggage sitting on a floor next to a wall.", "This old leather suitcase has seen a lot of travel.", "A red old suitcase has writing on it.", "There is a brown suit case with writing on it.", "A old suitcase is marked with \" This side up\" and \" Fragile\"."]
["Two people are talking in a mall area.", "There are several people walking around the shopping mall.", "A person with blur hair holding a suit case.", "The kids are walking around the shopping mall together.", "A man and women that are standing near each other."]
["A blue trunk sitting on top of a wooden surface.", "a nice metallic box with some decorations on", "A suit case with sunflower designs on it with gold colored corners.", "A trunk sitting upright with flower stickers on it. ", "a close up of a luggage box on a ground"]
["A brown and black dog holding a frisbee in it's mouth.", "A dog carries a frisbee in its mouth. ", "A dog holding a frisbee in his mouth running across a lawn.", "A German Shepherd dog retrieves a Frisbee in a grassy yard.", "A dog carries a frisbee across grass in front of shrubs. "]
["A brown and black dog is holding a red frisbee.", "A dog that is carrying a Frisbee in its mouth.", "A dog with a toy disc in its mouth outdoors on bright green grass.", "A dog walking though the yard holding a frisbee. ", "A brown and black dog holding a red frisbee in it's mouth."]
["Two suitcases on top of a luggage holder", "A display with small luggage on it ", "some kind of stand that is holding up bags", "A pile of luggage sitting on top of a metal rack.", "Some luggage appears to be locked to a rack."]
["A bottle of booze sitting next to a glass.", "an image of wine and a wine bottle", "A table holding a glass and bottle of beer.", "Bottle and glass of ale on a table with empty glasses.", "A bottle of ale is standing next to a glass full of liquid. "]
["A line of people checking in their luggage at an airport.", "a group of people and their luggage at an airport", "An airport has a crowd and a woman greeting a small child.", "Various travelers and their luggage at a busy airport", "A group of people in a very busy hallway"]
["Two dogs are playing with a frisbee in the grass.", "Two dogs are running together and one of them has a frisbee.", "A brown dog with a toy chasing another dog.", "Some dogs are being trained to play with other dogs. ", "Two dogs running through the grass in a spacious yard."]
["A brown bear walks in dried grass and branches.", "A brown bear walking near a tree on a field.", "A small bear smelling the ground in front of a tree trunk.", "A bear sniffing the ground next to a tree.", "A brown bear scavenging on the ground of a cleared area.\n\n\n"]
["A brown bear cub walking in a forest area next to a rock.", "A young bear is sniffing and rubbing his paw on the ground.", "A bear foraging in a dry rock and dirt clearing.", "A baby bear by itself with head sniffing the ground.", "A brown bear is investigating something in the woods."]
["There is a bear sitting by itself on the grass.", "A large furry bear sits in a field and examines something in the distance.", "A bear sits on the grass and glares at something.", "Bear on grass sitting with his front paws holding him up.", "a bear is sitting in a green field"]
["A brown bear is sitting hunched over and his paws are together on a grassy area.", "a grizzly bear sitting on a grassy slope", "A bear that is laying down in the grass.", "A large brown bear with his mouth open sitting on the grass.", "A brown bear sitting on top of a green field."]
["A young black bear moves across a grassy field.", "A large black bear walking across a lush green field.", "A bear that is walking in a field.", "Small black bear in the middle of a flowered field.", "A black bear walking around in the grass during the day. "]
["Two dogs sleep together on a bed. ", "Dog sleeping peacefully on the pillow in bed.", "there is a dog lying in the bed ", "a dog laying underneath the blankets on a bed with a cat", "A brown and white dog lays under covers on a red and white pillow."]
["A stuffed animal dog birching out in front of people at the beach", "A group of people sit around a fire pit.", "a stuffed animal in the shape of a husky dog flies in the air in front of a group of people around a fire pit on a beach", "People sitting around in a parking lot throwing a stuffed husky", "Some people playing catch with a stuffed animal in a parking lot."]
["A large brown bear swimming in a river.", "A big brown bear enjoys the water in his habitat.", "A brown bear swimming in water next to tree trunk.", "A big brown bear taking a dip in a pond.", "a bear partially submerged in a body of water"]
["A dog hanging out of back door window in a car.", "A dog in a car is viewed from the car's side  mirror.", "Dog looking out the window of a car in rearview mirror.", "A rear view mirror shows a giraffe looking behind a car.", "Dogs love to ride with their heads out the car window."]
["A large black bear walking across a forest.", "A bear is standing in an open area near the woods.", "A black bear walking down a gravel road.", " a little black bear walking in some rocks", "there is a black bear that can be seen walking on the road"]
["Two young men playing a game of frisbee on a lush green field.", "Two boys playing frisbee at park near bench.", "Two people are playing frisbees and one guy picks up another one in hopes of catching the overthrown frisbees", "two people standing in the park playing a game of  frisbee", "Two people play frisbee on a field. "]
["Women and men playing a frisbee-based sport on a soccer field.", "two women and four men playing with  a white Frisbee", "Children playing Frisbee in a green park near a fence.", "Group playing game in field with grass and trees", "Four people are playing frisbee in a field."]
["a animal that is walking on a beach", "A polar bear sitting along the shore line of the ocean.", "A polar bear sitting on a rocky beach.", "A dog sitting on top of a beach covered in grass.", "A dog sits alone on a muddy beach. "]
["A polar bear standing near a tree on grass", "A polar bear standing next to a bird on the grass.", "Two large animals standing in grass next to a tree.", "A couple white bears standing on a grassy hillside.", "Two polar bears are standing on a grassy area."]
["A black and white dog is looking out of a window from inside a house.", "The dog is looking at something out of the window.", "A dog looking outside through the window while standing.", "A dog is staring intently out the window.", "a dog standing by a window looking outside for something "]
["A dog leaping into the air to catch a yellow frisbee.", "A dog jumping to catch a flying frisbee", "there is a dog jumping in the air to catch a frisbee", "A Frisbee being thrown with a dog catching it.", "a black and white dog and a yellow frisbee and trees"]
["The woman has 2 frisbees to exercise her two dogs on a country road.", "A woman paying Frisbee with her dogs on a dirt road.", "A woman is playing Frisbee with two dogs.", "A woman plays with frisbees with her dogs. ", "a woman is tossing frisbees for her two dogs"]
["A group of three dogs standing on the lawn", "Two dogs standing in the grass while a third dog runs up behind them.", "Three dogs are standing at the edge of their property.", "two dogs standing next to each other while a third jumps in the air ", "Three dogs standing on lawn outside of a brick house."]
["A group of people on a field playing with a Frisbee.", "A boy in purple shirt reaching for a frisbee.", "The young children are playing with the Frisbee's in the field. ", "A group of young boys playing a game of frisbee.", "A woman holding a frisbee as a boy reaches out to defend her."]
["A zebra grazing from the ground in its enclosure.", "a close up of a zebra eating grass in a field", "A large zebra grazing in the grass while people watch", "A zebra eats grass in an open field.", "A zebra eating grass while people watch. "]
["One zebra is front of the other zebra.", "Two adult zebra are standing very close near each other.", "A couple of zebra's looking out the corner of their eye.", "Two zebras walking in a sandy area outside.", "Two zebras walking in a line on the dirt road"]
["Three young men playing Frisbee on the sand", "Three young men playing together on a dirt field with a rural scene in the background.", "Three smiling young men chasing a yellow Frisbee.", "Three guys are trying to catch a frisbee while playing outdoors.", "Three guys playing with frisbees on a beach."]
["A herd of  zebra running around a dirt field.", "A group of zebras running around their enclosure", "Four zebras galloping around inside their zoo enclosure", "A group of four zebras in a zoo playing.", "an image of a herd of zebras in the zoo"]
["Two zebra laying on a ground next to each other.", "Two zebras in an enclosure laying on the ground.", "THERE ARE ZEBRAS THAT ARE LYING ON THE GROUND", "A few zebras lounge around at a zoo.", "Two zebras laying down in an enclosure as people watch nearby."]
["A couple of zebra standing next to eachother", "a close up of two zebras standing close to one another", "One zebra is looking at the other zebra.", "Two donkeys are standing together.  One is facing out and the other one has his head bent.", "Two zebras, one facing forward, one looking at its mate."]
["Three zebras walking in a row through dirt.", "several zebra are walking together at a zoo", "Three zebras walking in a dusty field of dirt.", "three zebras walking side by side in a zoo pen ", "thre zebras walking near one another on a dirt ground"]
["Three adult zebra are walking through the dirt path.", "A trio of dwarf zebras wander their pen.", "A pack of zebras running and playing in the open,", "There are baby zebras standing together outside. ", "A family of zebras walking together in the dirt."]
["A large group of zebra standing in a dirt field.", "Four zebras are walking on the ground in a corral.", "A herd of zebra walking across a dirt field.", "A beautiful day to walk together for four zebra in their display area.", "a couple of zebras are standing in a field"]
["The herd of zebras are traveling together as they walk, eat, and stand.", "a herd of zebras walking through the grassland", "A herd of zebra running on a savanna with brown grass and scrubby trees.", "A large herd of zebra running through a dried grassy field", "an image of a herd of zebra running in the wild"]
["A zebra walking along a dirt road over a dry grass field.", "A very pretty zebra in a big grassy field.", "A zebra walking down a dirt road in the wilderness ", "A zebra running in the grass near a road during the day. ", "A zebra gallops across a dirt road in the grasslands of africa"]
["Zebra sleeping on the ground next to standing zebra.", "One zebra is laying down, one zebra is standing up.", "A zebra standing next to another zebra lying down", "Two zebras in the zoo, with one lying down in the dirt and the other wandering near a fence.", "Two zebras in a zoo one laying down and the other standing."]
["A person riding on a pretty horse by a big white fence.", "A horse and rider being walked around a coral while another man follows.", "Two men with a person riding a horse next to fence.", "A person is riding a horse while two other people are walking nearby.", "Person riding a horse while the sun sets"]
["A horse that is standing in front of a window.", "A horse is looking in the living room window of a farmhouse.", "a horse that is looking into a window", "A horse that is looking in a window. ", "Horse looking into picture window with man sleeping in recliner"]
["A crowded alley is full of souvenirs and a horse statue.  ", "A horse standing under a building next to a crowd of people.", "A horse display at a stall in a crowded market.", "A city street with a horse statue in front of a building.", "A shopping area with people, interesting architecture, and a horse statue."]
["A street with brick lined buildings, British flags and a clock tower.", "A clock town looms above Union Jack flags in an alleyway. ", "The large indoor clock says it is 10:10, ", "A clock hanging off the side of a building next to tall buildings.", "A clock hoisted up in the air by a glass covering."]
["A black and white image of quite a few Zebras. ", "Three zebras that are grazing on some grass.", "A group of zebras are photographed in black and white.", "A  few zebras and two of them eating", "A number of zebras standing in the dirt near a wall. "]
["A lone zebra standing near some water and bushes.", "A zebra standing on top of a dirty field next to trees.", "black and white image of a zebra standing in a grassy area", "Zebra standing out in the sun next to a pool of water", "A small zebra stands still in the middle of an outdoor setting."]
["a person is riding a horse by the beach", "Person having a fabulous time and getting a charge out of some life. \n", "A man is riding a horse on the beach. ", "A person riding a horse along the shore of a beach.", "Person riding a horse along shore of a body of water."]
["Some people who are walking on a beach.", "A couple of people walking along a sandy beach.", "People riding horses in the sand near the water.", "Pair of people on a wide open sandy beach.", "some people are out walking in the sand"]
["Two zebras are heading into the bushes as another is heading in the opposite direction.", "A zebra stands in a road as another zebra stands in the bushes behind it.", "A lone zebra standing on a dirt road.", "Two zebra standing on a rural road beneath a mountain.", "a zebra standing on a dirt road with trees in the background"]
["A herd of zebra standing in front of a building.", "Several zebras are standing in front of an old building.", "Several zebras grazing on the lawn in front of a building. ", "a group of zebras are standing outside of a home", "Several zebras in front of a building with steeples."]
["Four zebras facing the same way drinking from a water hole.", "Four zebras drinking from a fresh water stream", "Four zebra standing at a waters edge drinking the water.", "Four zebras are drinking water from the river's edge.", "A picture of some animals in the water."]
["three horses standing next to each other in a field of grass", "A picture of three horses in the grass.", "Three horses grazing lazily in a pasture, a barrel rests in the foreground.", "Pony with horses grazing in a small green yard", "Several horses grazing on grass near tall green bushes."]
["A HORSE IS IN THE BACK ON A DISPLAY WAGON ", "A horse stands on a platform at an animal show.", "A small house stands in a small constraining carriage.", "A brown pony standing on a wooden ramp.", "A tan colored horse is tied to a treadmill."]
["Farm field for grazing featured near snow covered mountains.", "A large lush green field with a green forest sitting below a set of snow covered mountains.", "There are animals grazing on a grassy field.", "The mountains offer some very picturesque scene to look at..", "A mountain valley with several cattle grazing on it."]
["A statue of men riding horses next to a green hillside.", "A statue of horses and buggy are in the green grass.", "a statue of a three horse carriage ", "A large statue shows rows of horses pulling a wagon filled with people wearing hats.", "an image of a statue of men in a carriage being driven by horses"]
["a horse pulling a cart with some people inside of it ", "Two people are riding in a cart pulled by a horse.", "A man and woman on a cart with a horse.", "A WOMAN DRIVES A HORSE AND BUGGY WITH A MAN AS PASSENGER", "two men riding in a cart attached to a horse "]
["a white horse sniffing the hand of a person in front of them ", "A person rubbing the nose of a white pony.", "a white horse sniffing the back of a persons hand", "A white horse and a person with their hand out to the horse.", "A person reaches out to pet a pony."]
["a little girl touching the nose of a horse", "A young girl in purple is trying to pet the horse. ", "a close up of a child petting a horse", "A little girl petting the nose of a horse outside.", "A little girl touching the horses nose ."]
["A couple of horses pulling a cart with a person.", "Two horses are standing in front of a red tram where a person is sitting and looking to the side. ", "a close up of two horses tethered to a carriage", "two large dark brown carriage horses pulling a red truck", "Two large brown horses pulling a red trolley behind them."]
["A mama horse walking in front of a baby horse.", "There are two horses walking in a grassy field", "two horses near a field with houses in the back", "A HORSE IS STANDING IN THE GREEN GRASS NEAR THE BARN", "An adult horse and calf standing in a green pasture."]
["A woman riding a horse in a field.", "A man with a hat on riding on a horse in the grass. ", "A person riding on the back of a brown horse.", "A woman on a horse out in the country ", "Rider on horseback maneuvering in open field area."]
["a couple of people ride on horses side by side with each other ", "two policemen on horseback ride through a park", "Two police officers riding service horses down a cobblestone street.", "A couple of cops riding on the back of brown horses.", "To police officers riding horses in the park."]
["A woman guiding a horse that is pulling a carriage", "Women standing besides a horse pulling a harness racing cart with the driver.", "A horse drawn carriage with a man in a top hat riding", "a horse trots around and enclosed dirt ring pulling a cart with a rider", "A man riding a horse-driven chariot and a woman touching the horse."]
["A man in a wagon drawn by two draught horses.", "two black brown and white horses are pulling a man and a cart", "Man driving a cart pulled by draught horses at a fair", "The two horses are pulling a cart with a man sitting on it.", "A man riding a horse drown carriage driving across a field."]
["A man and woman are sitting, being pulled by a horse.", "A crowd is watching a man and woman being pulled by a white horse.", "A woman taking a ride with a horse on the field.", "A white work horse pulling a red wheeled vehicle. ", "Two people are in a cart being pulled by a white horse."]
["The horses are walking side by side in the grass", "a horse is standing off in a field", "two horse stand in a large open field with birds flying in the background ", "Two horses standing in a pasture with birds flying overhead.", "Two brown horses with white manes in a field."]
["Large brown and white horse standing on dirt path", "this is a horse standing in the grass", "A horse in the middle of a dirt path and two cars are in the background.", "Miniature horse standing near a fence in a field.", "A brown horse standing on top of a dirt and grass field."]
["A jockey riding a horse as it leaps into the air.", "The man is riding a horse with two front legs up in the air. ", "A man on a horse that is bucking in the air.", "A horseback rider riding his horse wildly in mid-stride.", "Horse standing on rear legs while rider holds on."]
["A horse pulling a coach in an indoor arena.", "A Horse, a carriage and a person to steer it.", "WOMAN IN RIDING CARRIAGE WITH HORSE IN AN ARENA", "A woman is riding in a horse drawn cart in a show area.", "A person on a horse and carriage in an indoor arena."]
["a large horse is pulling a cart with a person in it", "A person is training a horse to pull a cart.", "A woman holding a crop, riding in a cart pulled by horse.", "A person riding on a horse drawn carriage being pulled by a brown horse.", "A person rides a buggy pulled by a single horse in an indoor environment."]
["A man in a top hat steering a horse-drawn carriage through the snow.", "A horse and carriage with a top-hat-wearing driver move in the foreground of a picture of a path lined  snow, naked trees and pedestrians. ", "Horse drawn carriage in a snow covered lane with horses and carriages.", "A horse drawn carriage making its way down a snowy path.", "A horse drawn carriage is being pulled down a snowy road. "]
["The woman wears a helmet as she rides a brown horse. ", "A woman that is sitting on the back of a horse.", "A person is riding a horse near a fence.", "A woman wearing a helmet is riding a horse.", "The equestrian is practicing her tricks on the horse."]
["a table top with a bunch of electronics on it ", "A coffee table with wii controllers and books on it", "A cluttered living room table is pictured in this image.", "many items on a table with an orange and a remote ", "Looking down at objects on a coffee table including remote controls, fruit and toys"]
["this is fresh fruit sitting in a pile", "An assortment of fruit for sale at a market.", "Bananas, oranges, pears, and other fruit in front of a painted sign.", "Several kinds of fruit are displayed in the stand.", "Bananas and pears and peaches at a fruit market"]
["a plate filled with sausages sitting on an outdoor table", "a blue and white plate with sausages and other meat items", "a family cook out includes steak, burgers and hot dogs", "A blue and white plate displays two different grilled meats.", "A picnic table with a big plate of grilled chops and sausage."]
["A fruit salad in a bowl with slices of fruit around it.", "Table with a clear bowl of fruit medley and outside fruits on the table", "A bowl of mixed up different fruits together. ", "A bowl of mixed fruit on a decorated mat.", "A bowl of sliced fruit including bananas, oranges and grapefruit."]
["A market area with various crates of vegetables.", "A large display of fruits and vegetables are in a market.", "there is a open market of fruits with prices", "There are lots of fruits being sold at the stand. ", "a bunch of fruit are piled together "]
["Grapes, kiwi, bananas and tangerines are sliced in a pile.", "Sliced mixed fruit with bananas, grapes, kiwis, and oranges.", "sliced bananas sliced kiwi and grapes mixed together", "A fruit salad of kiwi, bananas green grapes and mandarin oranges.", "Grapes, kiwi, banana, and oranges are served together."]
["A person standing next to skis in the snow.", "A man standing in the snow next to a pair of skis.", "A man with blue shirt standing next to skis in snowy forest.", "A guy walking in the snow next to some skis.", "A man is getting ready to put on skis"]
["Square dishes hold main dishes while a banana is place in the back section of a tray.", "A meal consisting of greens, rice, meat in sauce, and banana.", "There is a tray with some food on it including a banana.", "A cafeteria style lunch with fruit, vegetable, grain and protein.", "Rice is served with vegetables and fruit. "]
["a person holding a pillow above a ripe banana", "A banana sitting on top of a pillow next to a hand.", "A banana with a person covering it with a purple pillow.", "A banana that was placed under a purple pillow.", "A person has a banana under a purple pillow."]
["Professional baseball player pitching the ball during a game. ", "The pitcher is throwing the ball at a fast speed.", "Baseball players take various poses as a ball floats above the pitcher's mound", "A game of baseball in progress in the baseball ground.", "A baseball action shot of a pitcher throwing a pitch."]
["A man wearing a baseball uniform while standing on a field.", "A man in pinstriped uniformed during a baseball game.", "Baseball player walking on grassy area near dirt.", "The baseball player is on the field during the game. ", "A baseball player getting ready to hit the field. "]
["A man in green and white jacket throwing a baseball.", "A man on a baseball field through a baseball.", "A man on a baseball field who has just thrown a ball.", "A left handed pitcher in a jacket warming up with other players behind him.", "A man throwing a baseball in a game."]
["A collage of boys dressed as baseball fans.", "a young boy wearing a yankees hat and jacket and holding a baseball mitt", "A boy wearing a baseball jacket, hat and catchers mitt.", "Young boy in Yankees hate and zipper jacket. ", "The two images are of a young child in a baseball hat and jacket."]
["A set of four large orange sculptures in front of a building.", "A building has large orange balls lining the sidewalk. ", "front view picture of the Citrus Heights Water District building", "THERE IS A BUILDING IWTH A LOT OF DECORATIONS ON THE OUTSIDE", "Citrus heights water district building with large orange sculptures and a flagpole."]
["A stuffed teddy bear is sitting with the bananas", "a few green bananas that has a brown bear in it", "A teddy bear sitting in a bunch of papaya ", "A teddy bear sitting amongst a group of plantains ", "Stuffed teddy bear sitting on top of a pile of green bananas."]
["A white vase filled with small oranges sitting next to a sidewalk.", "a big bowl of some kind of orange fruit.", "A big white vase full of oranges on concrete.", "An urn full of fresh ripe oranges today", "A large amount of oranges in a stone bowl."]
["Green bananas are growing on a banana tree.", "A banana tree displays green bananas next to wide long leaves.", "Tall green plants displaying their beauty for all to see.", "a bunch of bananas in a tree with other trees near by", "A banana tree with gigantic leaves hang a single cluster of fruit."]
["A big basket that is holding a lot of ripe bananas in it..", "Several bunches of bananas in a wicker basket.", "A basket that is full of ripe bananas.", "A large bundle of banana's in a basket.", "The ripe bananas are sitting in the brown basket."]
["A catcher, umpire, and batter playing on a baseball field. ", "The batter is at home plate ready to bat.", "Batter watching a low ball during baseball game", "Batter after a swing in a baseball game.", "A baseball playing in a white uniform up for bat"]
["A baseball player hits a hard fly ball.", "A baseball player has just hit the ball ", "a baseball player has just hit a baseball", "three baseball players a batter a catcher and an umpire", "BATTER SWINGS AND APPEARS TO HIT THE BALL"]
["The batter recoils just after swinging, as the catcher sits crouched with his glove out in front of the plate.", "A baseball player swinging at a pitch with catcher and umpire behind him.", "A few guys stand ready to play baseball. ", "A batter swinging while the catcher and ref watch at a professional baseball game.", "An umpire, a catcher and a batter are on a baseball field's home plate."]
["A cluster of bananas are hanging from a tree.", "A lot of bananas are growing on a tree. ", "A tree with many bananas coming off of the top.", "A banana tree is surrounded by other trees. ", "Those look like plantains or bananas that are not yet ripe."]
["A pizza with cherry tomatoes in on a pan.", "A semi round loaded vegetable and bacon pizza. ", "A homemade pizza with lots of toppings on it", "A homemake pizza with tomato, onion and prosciutto ", "A pizza with toppings being put in the oven."]
["A meat wrapped, pineapple and banana on a table", "Banana, pineapple, and slice meat in plastic lying on table.", "A steak, a pineapple, and a banana sit on a cutting board.", "A pineapple, banana, and piece of meat placed next to each other.", "a package of meat a pineapple and a banana "]
["A person is standing on top of ski resort with the sun behind them.", "A person wearing skis on a mountain near a ski lift.", "The skier is about ready to ride down the hill. ", "A person in white jacket skiing down a slope next to ski lift.", "A man skiing alone on a sunny day "]
["An ornate dessert sits on a plate, waiting to be eaten.", "Cake with ice cream and drizzle with fork on plate", "A piece of cake and ice cream on a plate.", "A slice of cake and ice cream being served on a plate.", "A plate of sweet bread and ice cream."]
["A man holding a banana while standing in a living room.", "A man standing in a room with a banana in his hand.", "a man with a crooked tie on holding a banana", "A man wearing a scarf is holding a banana.", "A man in a vest is eating a banana."]
["A group of baseball players with a bat and ball at the pitch", "There is a baseball player with a baseball bar at the gane", "A pitcher throws a pitch during a baseball game.", "Three people are on a baseball field in uniform.", "An overhead shot of a a pitcher throwing a baseball."]
["A sunny day and new snow make perfect conditions for down hill skiers.", "The people are skiing down the mountains for fun", "A group of people out on a ski slope skiing. ", "Several skiers skiing along on a snowy slope.", "Many skiers make their way down a gentle slope."]
["Skiers going down a mountain and riding on the lift.", "some people standing around a hill as others are on seats above them ", "A ski lift carrying people over a snow covered mountain.", "People riding a sky lift watching others ski down the slopes.", "People in chairlifts going up a mountain, over skiers going down the mountain."]
["A big shiny metal pan filled with some tasty looking food.", "a bunch of vegetables in a metal pan together", "The food is cooked and ready to be eaten", "A tomato, broccoli, and rice casserole mixed in a pan.", "A large metal tray of rice and some vegetables."]
["A table with cut up vegetables and cheese with it's rind cut off. ", "A wooden table topped with lots of fresh vegetables.", "A wooden table and cutting board covered with vegetables and a block of cheese.", "a chop board with a variety of vegetables on a table", "A table has a cutting board with chopped vegetables."]
["A man is grinding a rail on a skateboard.", "a person that is on a skateboard on a rail", "a  young skateboarder grinding on a thin railing ", "A boy on a skateboard gliding over a rail in a skate park.", "Man on skate board for practicing performing tricks"]
["Some food that are in some bowls on a table.", "A table topped with bowls full of fruit and vegetables.", "A fruit and vegetable table is carefully lined with matching bowls of goods.", "a huge selection of tomatoes, green apples and other fruits and veggies. ", "Produce sits in bowls ready to be sold. "]
["A trail of broccoli and pees on a roadway.", "A trail of green vegetables laying on the ground", "Broccoli and brussel sprouts all over the pavement.", "A train of vegetables sit in a row on the ground.", "Several green vegetables on the ground in a line."]
["A skillet of food has broccoli as one of its ingredients.", "A plate of broccoli with rice and sauce.", "Cooked broccoli sitting in milk on a plate.", "Broccoli in a pan cooking with other ingredients. ", "Broccoli and some other food in a skilet  "]
["A pan filled with broccoli and onions with oil.", "A PLATE OF BROCOLII AND ONIONS ON IT", "Some broccoli is cooking in a black pan", "a close up of a pot cooking broccoli", "Closeup of a black pan full of broccoli and spices."]
["Fresh, cut up broccoli draining in a colander.", "A plastic colander bowl filled with raw broccoli.", "The raw broccoli is in the microwaveable bowl.", "Raw broccoli is sitting inside of the collander.", "A white opaque strainer holding broccoli on a scale."]
["A man that is on a box with a skateboard.", "A man doing a skate board trick on a half pipe.", "The skateboarder has achieved a very tricky manuever.", "A man is doing tricks on a skateboard.", "A young man skateboarding and wearing a helmet."]
["Small child on a skateboard watches another skateboarder.", "A kid on a skateboard is watching another skateboarder who is on the deck of an empty swimming pool.", "A girl on a skateboard waits on the edge of a ramp while another girl looks on behind a fence.", "A girl on a skateboard watches skateboarding action.", "A young girl on a skateboard watching others at a skate park"]
["a close up of a bottle and glass of wine", "A bottle and half a glass of dark liquid", "a bottle of wine and a wine glass  half full", "A bottle of wine and a wine glass half full of wine.", "A wooden table with a glass of beer and bottle."]
["A knife on a cutting board with green onions and broccoli. ", "A cutting board topped with broccoli and onions on top of a cutting board.", "Someone cut up three vegetables with a knife.", "A cutting board full of broccoli and sliced green onions.", "A cutting board with chopped scallions and broccoli on it"]
["a lot of buckets of fruits including red and green apples", "Five baskets of yellow, green and red apples.", "The various colored apples are in wood baskets.", "Five different bushels of apples sitting on a floor.", "some green yellow and red apples in baskets"]
["A man juggling while standing on top of a sign riding a skateboard.", "a man balancing on a table and skateboard  is juggling", "A man is balancing on a skateboard and juggling.", "The man is standing on several objects and juggling.", "A man stands above the crowd and juggles in a park."]
["some veggies and other foods are mixed together", "A roasting pan with roasted broccoli, brussel sprouts and mushrooms on it.", "some broccoly and brussel sprouts sitting on a piece of tin foil", "Looking down at roasted broccoli, Brussel sprouts, and walnuts", "Brussell sprouts and broccoli that are on tin foil."]
["A guy in a white t-shirt rides on his skateboard.", "A man is riding a skateboard near a metal railing.", "A man riding a skateboard down a walkway.", "A skateboarder skateboarding along a sidewalk near a railing.", "A young man skateboarding near railing that overlooks the city skyline"]
["A person riding a skateboard on the side of an empty pool.", "Man with skateboard poised to start a stunt in front of a crowd of onlookers.", "A crowd of people watching a guy on a skateboard.", "Skateboarder looking out over bowl while spectators look on.", "A skateboarder gets ready to skate in a swimming pool with a crowd watching."]
["A pile of chopped up broccoli sits next to bottles of sauces. ", "a kitchen counter with chopped broccoli florets and a knife", "a bunch of chopped vegetables sitting in front of a knife ", "A cutting board with broccoli being prepared for a meal.", "brocolli cut up on a cutting board next to a knife"]
["A man with a beard riding skis while holding ski poles.", "A man points at something in the snow.", "A man in a yellow jacket and skis on the slope", "Two men skiing with backpacks and sunglasses on starring at the camera.", "A bearded man grimaces in the snow with a friend."]
["A small boy on a leash skiing with an adult.", "Some skiers skiing outside in the snow on a slop", "A man riding down a ski slope with a young boy.", "A man and a young child on snow skis going down a hill.", "The man and the little child ski down the slope."]
["Small child on skiis stands still on a snow trail. ", "A young child about to go skiing on a snow covered slope.", "A boy is about to walk into the snowy forest.", "A small child is in the snow on skis.", "A kid skiing down a snow covered slope while holding ski poles."]
["a young boy in blue is standing in the snow", "a young boy wearing ski equipment in the snow. ", "A child in blue clothes on skis looks behind.", "A little boy with a hat and sunglasses on skis. ", "A small child in blue on a set of skis"]
["A meal with noodles, chicken and vegetables. ", "The food in the picture is advertising a restaurant.", "An advertisement of food doesn't look too appealing.", "A chicken, vegetable and pasta dish is shown.", "A plate has several vegetables and chicken on it."]
["A young person riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp.", "A person skateboarding on ramps that are are in front of a body of water.", "A young man balances himself on his skate board as he rolls along in the skateboard park.", "Polaroid-looking photo of a helmeted skateboarder by the sea", "A girl is holding her arms in the air as she hops on her skateboard in a ramp area near a beach."]
["A hand holding out a carrot to a donkey.", "A horse is shown with a carrot in front of him.", "A man is trying to feed a donkey a carrot. ", "A person offering a carrot to a donkey.", "Someone is offering a carrot to a donkey."]
["Grilled toast piled with lettuce, a cup of black coffee and a glass of water are on a counter. ", "Grilled cheese, a salad, a cup of coffee, and a glass of water", "A white plate topped with a salad and a piece of garlic bread.", "a plate with some vegetables and meat on it ", "Plated salad and toast with a side of coffee and water"]
["there is a man that is riding his skateboard on the street", "A man on a skateboard on a sidewalk of a city street.", "a guy standing on a skateboard by a bench ", "A man riding a skateboard down a street.", "A young man stands on a skateboard on a sidewalk. "]
["A man on a skateboard on a ramp. ", "A male skateboarder performing a trick in a park", "Skateboarder trying to do a difficult stunt in a park", "A man with a hat is riding a skateboard.", "A man riding a skateboard on top of a metal rail."]
["A dip surrounded by vegetables such as celery and broccoli. ", "dip with veggies all around it on a table.", "The bowl of veggie dip is in the middle of the vegetables.", "A cup of ranch dip surrounded by vegetables.", "Small bowl of dip surrounded by cheese, broccoli, peppers and other items on the plate."]
["A little boy walking down a street next to young men skateboarding on it.", "A boy skateboards in the middle of a residential street while two friends stand nearby.", "Three young people go skateboarding down a street. ", "an image of kids playing on skateboards in the street", "A male skateboarder is riding his skate board in the street along with others"]
["a person riding a skate board down a hill", "A man is balancing on a skateboard while others ride and stand.", "A man riding a skateboard on a sidewalk.", "Group of skateboarders riding down a long road together. ", "THREE ARE BOYS IN THE STREET ON SKATE BOARD "]
["A pizza on a cutting board topped with bacon and vegetables.", "A pizza with mushrooms and carrots as toppings", "There are some bacon wrapped toppings on a pizza", "A pizza with sliced carrots on top and other toppings", "A pizza with unique toppings on top of a wooden cutting board."]
["A black pan sitting on top of a counter filled with breakfast foods.", "Fried potatoes, ham and biscuits served in a cast iron skillet.", "A skillet full of food sits on a counter top.", "A pan with an assortment of food inside of it.", "A skillet with potatoes, biscuit, eggs and ham."]
["A large plate that is filled with various types of vegetables.", "A white plate topped with a salad on top of a wooden table.", "A plate full of vegetables, including broccoli, peppers and carrots.", "A serving platter of vegetables is on a table.", "A pate on a table with a mix of vegetables."]
["A pile of different types of vegetables on a table.", "Fresh fruit and vegetables laid out on a kitchen counter", "A table with many different types of food.", "A variety of vegetables laid out on a kitchen counter.", "Fruits, herbs and veggies on a countertop (leeks, rosemary, lemon, cauliflower, etc.)"]
["a desk with a monitor and a laptop", "Two computer screens sit on a small desk.", "A laptop sits next to a computer monitor on a desk. ", "A laptop next to a monitor, mouse, keyboard and cell phone.", "a  laptop a monitor and keyboard and mouse on the desk"]
["A tray of roast sits on the the oven", "A pan of cooked vegetables siting on a stove. ", "An image of a pan full of steamed food items.", "A pan filled with vegetables covered in oil.", "A pan full of roasted vegetables on top of a stove. "]
["This is a cup full of toothbrushes with a tube of toothpaste nearby.", "a cup on a sink with tooth brushes inside ", "A toothbrush holder with tooth brushes inside of it. ", "A cup filled with tooth brushes on top of a counter.", "A cup with several different toothbrushes and a tube of toothpaste."]
["A man that has a skateboard jumping in the air.", "a person is jumping in the air outside", "A guy is jumping over a road barrier. ", "A skateboarder is hopping over contruction ramps for fun.", "a guy jumping over a barrier on a skate board"]
["A person jumping on a rail on a skateboard.", "A boy in a black baseball cap riding a skate board on a metal rail. ", "A person on a skateboard does a trick on a rail.", "A man does a trick on his skateboard at a construction site. ", "A skateboarder grinding at the end of a pipe."]
["The child is standing in the snow near another group of young skiers. ", "A young boy who is walking in the snow on skis.", "A young boy, who is all bundled up, is snowboarding by himself", "A boy on skis stands in the middle of a snowy area. ", "A child on skis standing in the snow."]
["A person on a skate board in a very dark room.", "This boy is jumping in the air while riding his skateboard.", "A man on a skateboard above a wooden floor. ", "A man is stepping over a piece of wood of some kind.", "A man riding on a skateboard up on to a ledge."]
["A man riding a skateboard down a metal hang rail.", "A guy riding a grind rail on a skateboard.", "A skateboarder doing tricks on a metal thing", "A skater does tricks on a pipe at the skate park.", "an image of a person playing on a skateboard"]
["A man comes off a pole from doing a skateboard trick.", "A man skateboarding on a metal pipe at night.", "A skateboarder performing a trick in midair. ", "A person that is doing a skateboard trick.", "A skateboarder on a metal rail during a trick."]
["A young child riding skis across snow covered ground.", "This child is listening to his instructor  giving him directions.", "A little kid wearing a colorful cap standing in his skies. ", "A young skier stands on skis in the winter snow.", "a small child with a hat and snow shoes"]
["a man that is riding his skateboard on a bench", "A man is riding a skateboard on a bench.", "A young man riding a skate board on a park bench.", "A man that is standing on a skateboard on a bench.", "Skate boarder grinding on a park bench with man arching "]
["A couple of people riding skis on top of snow covered ground.", "a couple of people on skis standing on some snow ", "People and a child walking around at a ski resort.", "People are standing near a rope in the snow on skis.", "A man is holding his little boy while he learns how to ski."]
["A couple kissing while riding a ski lift.", "A man and woman sharing a kiss on a ski lift.", "A couple is kissing on a ski lift.", "A couple kisses while riding on a gondola.", "The two people on the ski lift are kissing. "]
["A little boy riding skis next to an adult riding skis.", "A young person on skis on a ski slope", "A little boy snow skiing with adults on a hill.", "A small child with glasses is on the snow.", "A child in a blue coat skiing on a ski slope."]
["A close up view of a bunch of electronics.", "A cellphone, wallet, and pen sitting in front of a bag.", "AN ASSORTMENT OF NECESSITIES LAYING NEXT TO A BAG", "A handbag beside a cell phone, a pen, a pocketknife and a wallet", "a number of items with a cell phone and a pen"]
["A little boy sits in front of several tortilla pizzas.", "a small boy smiles after having made small pizzas ", "a small child sitting at a table with uncooked pizza on it", "Small child sitting in front of a table with handmade pizzas.", "A young boy sitting at a table with uncooked pizza."]
["a little child on little bitty skis in the snow", "A little boy in snow gear on skis in the snow. ", "A child in ski gear standing in the snow.", "A yound child wearing skis in the snow.", "A toddler child from the back/side view standing on skis in snow in a backyard with trees and a deck with chairs in the background."]
["a person riding skis on a flat snowy area", "A person is walking on skies in a snow covered mountain ", "a man riding skis across snow covered ground while holding two ski poles.", "A person trekking across the snow dragging a bag", "A person using cross country skis pulling a bundle behind them."]
["A lone skier makes his way across the snow as he drags a backpack behind him. ", "a person riding skis on a snowy surface pulling bags", "A man riding skis across snow covered ground.", "A skier travelling cross country on a snowy field.", "A man on skis in the snow pulling a sled."]
["A group of people are lined up skiing.", "A line of people skiing in the snow.", "A long line of people riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "Many people are cross-country skiing on a snowy path.", "A line of skiers trek across a snowy landscape."]
["A skier riding down a snow covered slope.", "A lone skier skis down a path near clusters of snow laden pine trees.", "A skier begins their way down a snow covered hill.", "A person on skis in the snow near trees.", "A man cross country skis on a clear winter day."]
["A person holding hot dogs at a basketball game.", "A person holding hot dogs wrapped in  foil papers", "A person is holding two hotdogs in wrappers.", "Hotdogs wrapped in plastic tinfoil while being held in someones hand.", "A hot dog siting on top of a bun in a wrapper."]
["Some hot dogs are outside in a baggie.", "An open plastic bag of hot dogs sitting on a table", "A plastic bag full of onions sitting on a picnic table in a park.", "well covered sausages placed in a plastic bag", "A bag of food on a table surface outside."]
["A person wearing a snowboard jumping in the air over snow.", "A snow boarder does a trick in the middle of the air.", "A snowboarder is a doing a trick in the air", "a snowboarded catching air jumping off a slope ", "A man flying through the air while riding a snowboard."]
["a close up of a plate of food with a hot dog and a burger", "a hotdog and burger on a blue plate", "a bunch of good grill food on a plate ", "A view of a burger with a hotdog and salad on the plate.", "There is a hamburger and hot dog on the plate with pasta salad and cucumbers."]
["A man riding a snowboard on a snow covered  hill.", "a man snowboarding in front of a house while others watch", "A man is snowboarding down a hill in a yard. ", "a person riding a snow board on a small hill of snow", "The man is snowboarding down the hill while his family watches."]
["A table topped with sliced brisket next to salad and sauce.", "A meal consists of sliced steak, condiments, bread, potato salad,  and coleslaw.", "A partially eaten meal of steak, bread, and cole slaw. ", "Plated meat and sauces with vegetables on plate.", "A tray with meat and dipping sauce on it"]
["a close up of a person holding a hot dog", "A man in a stiped shirt is holding a hot dog. ", "A man in a striped shirt and sunglasses smiles holding a hotdog sandwich.", "A man holding a hot dog in his right hand.", "A man is holding a hotdog in his hand"]
["a close up of a sandwich on a wooden cutting board", "tHERE IS A LARGE GRILLED SANDWICH WITH A KNIFE NEXT TO IT", "A huge grilled hamburger sandwich with romaine lettuce,  tomato and gherkin pickles on the side.", "A grilled meat, lettuce, and tomato sandwich on a cutting board.", "A grilled sandwich sits on a cutting board by a knife."]
["Three people, one with an apple core in his mouth, sit at a restaurant table.", "a table top with some people sitting around it ", "a number of people sitting at a table with plates of food", "A group of people are sitting at a table eating.", "People eating at a table and one man has an apple in his mouth "]
["Boxes filled with donuts sitting on top of a table.", "A table full of drinks and food on it .", "Boxes of donuts, orange juice and other snacks are sitting out for employees.", "A woman gets a drink at the office breakfast buffet table", "Two big boxes of donuts and drinks displayed in an office."]
["A plate full of fried food and salad with a fork laying in it", "A white plate topped with different types of food and cream.", "A white plate is covered in some kind of mexican food. ", "A plate of food is seen in this picture.", "A fork that is on a plate with food."]
["Two boys at outdoor picnic holding hot dogs dressed similarly, jeans, yellow sport shirts but with different caps, one yellow the other red.", "two boys with there hands full of food at a party", "Two boys in yellow polos are about to eat hot dogs. ", "Two young boys posing with food in their hands.", "Two boys carrying hot dogs and other snacks at an outdoor sporting event."]
["Two people eating powdered and chocolate doughnuts and coffee.", "a table with some doughnuts sitting on top of it ", "Two people enjoying breakfast pastries on two plates.", "Table with coffee and and donuts sitting on a white plate. ", "A woman standing over a table in front of two plates of food."]
["A meat covered sandwich on top of a spatula being held by a chefs hand.", "a person holding a knife with a sandwich on it.", "A person serving a sandwich on a spatula.", "A person in gloves making a chicken salad sandwich.", "A chef plating a sandwich using a knife"]
["A person putting mashed potatoes in a hot dog but on a wood cutting board.", "A person prepares hot dogs using mashed potatoes.", "An old recipe for mashed potato-stuffed franks is shown.", "There is a recipe for mashed potatoes and hot dogs", "A photo from a cookbook describing how to prepare hot dogs stuffed with mashed potatoes. "]
["Several people in a lunch line with hot dogs and buns.", "The student group has a buffet with hotdogs and fixins'.", "High school age kids are going down a buffet line. ", "a line of people at a table getting some food.", "Young adults in food in serving line at indoor event."]
["A picture of a hot dog with ketchup and a drink.", "A hot dog sitting next to a soda and ketchup.", "The hotdog is ready to be eaten. ", "A 3d image of a hotdog,soda and a bottle of ketchup.", "a hot dog and a tin of juice"]
["Blurry color photo of people enjoying a ski resort area", "A man riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.", "A crowded ski slope with many snowboarders and skiers.", "A snowboarder sliding down a path on a snowy resort.", "Skiers glide on flat snowy land toward a mountain ."]
["A snowboarder sitting in the snow with his hand up", "A child sitting in the snow after going down a snowboarding hill", "A person on a snowboard sitting in the snow.", "Man sitting down on a snow trail with his snowboard on his feet. ", "Someone on a snowboard coming to a stop."]
["A lady snowboarding on a hill with snow.", "A person on a snowboard stopped on a snowy hill.", "A person riding on top of a board on snow covered ground.", "A woman in white and blue jacket on a snowboard.", "A person on a snowboard in the snow."]
["Burger with broccoli, pickle, and fork on orange plate ", "On a plate is kept a burger and a bowl of broccoli and a fork.", "There is half a sandwich on an orange plate with a pickle and a bowl of broccoli", "A A bowl and a sandwich on an orange plate on a table.", "A plate has a sandwich, broccoli, and a pickle. "]
["A woman is holding something out of a box presented by a man.", "A man buying doughnuts from a woman selling them on the a city street.", "A woman takes a donut from a box and investigates.", "A man who is looking at something that's in a box.", "A man holding a box of donuts for others to enjoy."]
["A half bitten doughnut next to several baskets of strawberries.", "A partially eaten donut in front of a display of baskets of strawberries.", "a fried donut and a bin of strawberries outside", "A donut in a napkin with strawberries in the background", "Someone is eating a doughnut beside bins of strawberries."]
["A plate topped with a sandwich and french fries.", "a close up of a sandwich and french fries on a plate", "A chicken sandwich and sweet potato fries on a plate.", "A close-up of a sandwich, salad and french fries.", "Close up view of plate with fries and sandwich "]
["a pizza next to a glass of beer ", "A fresh beer sits on a table next to a cooked pizza.", "a pizza and a glass of wine besides on a wooden table", "A table with a beer and a pizza on it.", "The glass of beer is next to the pizza and in front of the television"]
["A white plate topped with onion rings and a corned beef sandwich.", "A meal with a large sandwich and onion rings on a plate.", "Large sandwich plate with onion rings on the side. ", "a white and blue plate with some onion rings and other food and a drink", "A sandwich is prepared on swirly bread and sided with onion rings."]
["a man in a chefs outfit standing by a big donut", "A group of people dressed in costumes viewing an object sitting on some hay.", "The three men are dressed in costumes. ", "A man in a chef outfit is near some hay.", "A group of people standing in a room."]
["A man flying through the air while riding a snowboard.", "people jumping snow board in the air ", "lots of cold snow on a ski hill with skiers ", "A stop motion photograph of person jumping on a snowboard.", "an image of a person doing tricks on skiis down the slope"]
["a guy that is skiing down a snowy hill", "A guy on a snowboard going down a mountain.", "A skier in orange pants skies down a snowy hill.", "A man riding a snowboard down the side of a snow covered slope.", "A snowboarder riding his board down the slope."]
["An Olympic snow boarder performing a trick. ", "A man riding a snowboard through the air.", "A snowboarder takes a jump in the air.", "Person in the air on a snow board.", "A snowboarder with an olympic jacket is in midair."]
["A man grabs the back end of his snowboard as he soars off a jump.", "A man is flying through the air on a snowboard", "A snowboarder caught in the middle of a trick.", "A MALE WITH A BRIGHT TOP AND GREEN PANTS SNOW SURFING", "A man on a snowboard performing a trick."]
["this dog is next to a toy on the floor", "A large brown dog laying on on the sidewalk with a donut.", "The large dog is tired from his day of play.", "a blonde dog is laying on the tile", "a close up of a dog laying on the ground next to a fake doughnut"]
["A man riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.", "A snowboarder jumping over a small hill in the snow", "A snowboarder jumping over a small ramp of snow.", "Man on a wide open snow route on his snowboard. ", "A snow boarder gets some air as he travels over a hill."]
["a close up of a person kneeling holding a rugby ball", "A uniformed man prepares a ball for rugby.", "A man is sitting a football on a mount. ", "A guy places a football on the holder in preparation to kick it. ", "A man with a helmet holds a ball."]
["A sandwich and some sides sit on a tray on a table.", "There is a sandwich and sides on a tray on the table. ", "Food and drink on a table; sandwich in a tray, with two bowls of food. ", "A barbecue sandwich, baked beans and applesauce on a tray.", "Picnic lunch of sandwich, baked beans applesauce and soda."]
["a dougnut sitting on a plate next to a glass of orange juice", "A sugar doughnut on a plate with a tall glass of orange juice.", "A donut sitting on top of a plate next to a glass of orange juice.", "the donut  is sitting on the table next to a glass", "A sugar sprinkled doughnut sitting next to a glass."]
["A surfer catches a wave in the ocean.", "Two surfers out in the ocean surfing on a wave.", "Two surfers out in the ocean riding a wave.", "Two people out surfing on an ocean tide.", "A few surfers ride the waves at the beach"]
["Two donuts with chocolate frosting and sprinkles on a plate.", "Two frosted donuts are sitting on a white plate.", "Two glazed donuts with sprinkles are on a plate.", "two homemade chocolate donuts with green and orange candy sprinkles", "A pair of doughnuts are served on a plate."]
["A tray with powdered doughnuts next to a drink bottle.", "Looking down at a cherry soda and a box of fresh powdered donuts", "a box of doughnuts on the ground near a drink", "Powdered donuts in a plastic container on a picnic table with a bottle of Cheerywine ", "A plastic box full of powdered donuts on a wooden table."]
["A box with varieties of  donuts on the table", "A open box revealing a variety of twelve donuts.", "there are many different doughnuts in the box ", "A variety of donuts neatly rowed inside a box. ", "A dozen assorted doughnuts in a box including glazed, filled  and frosted."]
["A surfer in a wetsuit stands with his surfboard and bicycle at the beach.", "A man on a bike near a beach with a surf board on the side.", "An older gentlemen with his bicycle at the beach.", "A man riding his bike near the beach.", "A man in skintight clothing holds a bicycle with a red surfboard."]
["Two people walking on a beach with surfboards.", "Two people are caryiing their surf boards while walking on a beach.", "A man and a woman carrying surfboards on a beach.", "two people walking on the sand of a beach shore line and holding surf boards.", "Two people walking on a beach each carrying a surfboard."]
["A boy in blue wetsuit on a boogie board.", "a small child in a blue shirt with a float board in some water", "A little boy is on a boogie board in the water.", "A child in the water on a surfboard. ", "A young child riding on a surfboard in the water"]
["A man on a surfboard jumping over a wave.", "A person on a surfboard riding a wave.", "A young man is surfing on top of a huge wave. ", "a person on a surf board catching a curl\n", "A person on a surfboard surfing the waves."]
["A group of men standing around a UK surfboard.", "Two boys with flag themed surf board on beach.", "A boy holds a surfboard on the beach while another boy stands next to him.", "Two men with a surf board by the ocean.", "The young men are on the beach holding the surfboard."]
["A white plate topped with fries, onion rings and vegetables.", "The fried food looks delicious on my plate.", "A plate of food served with fries and a pickle", "A meal consists of vegetables, a pickle, fried onions and potatoes.", "a plate with an onion ring, french fries and some veggies "]
["A plate of food and ketchup bottle are on a table.", "A girl sitting at a table with a plate full of food.", "A lavish burger on a plate in a restaurant prior to consumption", "Plated lunch with condiments and utensils on dark table.", "A person sitting at table with a plate of food and ketchup."]
["a man with a surfboard standing in the ocean looking at the waves ", "A man in a wet suit with a surfboard in the ocean.", "A man standing in the ocean holding a surfboard.", "Surfer holding his board on the side of the beach. ", "A guy standing in the ocean with a surf board."]
["A young woman is walking to the ocean with her surfboard.", "A woman carrying a red surfboard on beach.", "A girl on the beach walking towards the water with a surf board.", "A girl carrying a surfboard toward the water.", "A woman walking toward the ocean with her surf board"]
["A person standing on a surfboard in the water.", "The young man surfer is riding a wave.", "A surfer in a wet suit riding a wave.", "A surfer is falling backwards on his surfboard. ", "A man on a surfboard riding a wave."]
["A man walking into the ocean while holding a surfboard.", "a man with a surfboard running into the water", "The young person is carrying their surfboard into the water.", "A man carrying a surfboard runs into the ocean.", "a surfer runs into the waves on a beaching with his surfboard"]
["A group of people playing in the water next to a beach.", "A group of surfers at the beach riding waves", "Various people in the ocean swimming and on surfboards.", "Many people are body boarding and swimming in the ocean.", "a number of people riding surf boards on a body of water"]
["A young guy is surfing in the ocean.", "A man wearing a wet suit while surfboarding. ", "A guy kneeling on a surf board riding a wave.", "A man in all black surfboarding catching a wave.  ", "A man is surfing and crouches under a wave."]
["A surfer on his board performing a trick.  ", "A surfer is attempting to ride a large wave", "A surfer on a white board riding a green and white wave.", "man on surfboard surfing in the ocean on wave", "Person surfing on a large wave in the ocean."]
["A man in a wetsuit rides a wave in the ocean", "The man is surfing the waves on the water.", "The man squats down while surfing through a wave.", "A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "a man that is surfing in a body of water"]
["A white plate topped with blue and pink cup cakes.", "a white plate and some blue and pink cupcakes", "Blue and pink, and white frosted cupcakes with on a plate.", "a bunch of cupcakes are on a white plate", "There are two different types of cupcake on the plate."]
["A surfer is walking along the shore line.", "A person carrying a surfboard walking on the beach.", "A woman carries her red surfboard out of the water.", "A man carrying a short surfboard on the beach.", "A surfer returns to the shore from the water."]
["some meat on a bun next to some beans", "A pulled pork sandwich with a side of baked beans.", "A sandwich with meat and sauce on it and a cup of soup on a table.", "A sandwich and baked beans are sitting on a tray.", "A meat filled sandwich sitting next to a cup of chili."]
["a close up of a cake with candy near by", "Half of a cake is sitting on the counter.", "A cake mostly eaten made with blue icing", "A fun cake with half gone and covered in blue frosting.", "A half eaten cake sitting on a pan with candy."]
["Surfer is on rollerblades, holding a surf board.", "A man holding a lie surfboard while riding a skateboard.", "A man wearing roller skates, a helmet, and a surfboard holding a rope.", "The surfer is being towed on his skateboard.", "A person with a surfboard and skateboard on a street."]
["an image of a sandwhich that is not eaten", "Two sandwiches on whole wheat bread filled with meat slices, cheddar cheese slices, alfalfa sprouts and green leafy lettuce.", "A sandwich with a soda on top of a table.", "a close up of a sandwich on a plate near a soda", "A sandwich and can of soda on a table."]
["A woman is holding her daughter in front of a birthday cake with candles while another lady stands nearby ", "Three females next to a lighted birthday cake", "A woman and two girls and a birthday cake.", "A little girl sitting on a girls lap looking at a cake.", "A girl holds a younger girl as they look upon a birthday cake."]
["Young girl gets ready to blow out candles as family watches", "Young girls are sitting around a birthday cake.", "a small child blowing out the candles on a cake", "A woman and a young girl are blowing out candles on a cake as others watch.", "A mother and daughter blowing out candles on a sheet cake."]
["A man on a surfboard rides on a wave.", "A man is riding a surfboard on the water.", "A surfer rides a wave beneath the pylons of a dock.", "A surfer is riding a small wave in the ocean.", "A person surfing in the sea,in front of some poles."]
["A woman carrying a surfboard walks along the beach.", "A surfer girl jogs down the shoreline with her board.", "There is a woman carrying a surfboard on the beach.", "A surfer runs along the beach with a white board.", "A woman carrying a surfboard down a beach."]
["A surfer is riding a wave in a green ocean.", "a person surfing a small foamy wave on a cloudy day", "A person on a surf board with wave breaking.", "A man riding a surfboard sideways hits a big wave.", "A person on a surfboard riding a wave."]
["A person surfing near a very high pier.", "That surfer is surfboarding far out away from the shore.", "a surfer is riding the waves in the ocean", "A person surfing near a very big pier.", "A man riding a surfboard near a large metal bridge."]
["An ordinary bedroom with the sun streaming in", "A bed in a bedroom during the day and next to a nightstand.", "A single sized bed with a night stand and a large window.", "A bedroom area with a filing cabinet, bed and shelves.", "Small personal bed in a room with a large well lit window."]
["Six candles are sticking out of a blue cake.", "A large blue birthday cake with stars is on a blue tablecloth.", "A portion of the cake has been cut and served on a plate.", "A sheet cake being sliced and served to people.", "A blue cake with gold stars being sliced and served."]
["A cat is sleeping with its feet on a laptop.", "A cat laying on its side sleeping next to a laptop.", "A tilted shot with a yellow miasma over it shows a fabric-covered area with a sleeping orange cat, it's paws resting on the keys of a close by laptop.     ", "a brown cat is laying next to a laptop.", "Cat sleeping on a table next to a laptop computer."]
["a person at a table with a pan of food ", "A woman in black clothing sitting next to a pie with green frosting on a blue plaid table cloth. ", "A woman sitting at a table in front of a blue cloth.", "a young woman sitting at  a table resting her elbow on the table", "A woman starring up with sitting beside a table."]
["Two surfers carrying boards, viewed over a man's shoulder.", "The side of a man's face is shown with two surfers holding surfboards in the background. ", "Two men who are holding surfboards near the ocean.", "a close up of part of a mans face with two surfers behind him ", "Two people on the beach with surfboards seen over a man's shoulder."]
["A woman sitting laying on a bed dressed up like Marilyn Monroe.", "Two women, one blonde, one brunette, laying on a bed.", "Two women sit on a bed with a camera.", "A woman and pet sitting on a bed", "Two women on a bed are taking a photo of themselves in a mirror.  "]
["Bedroom with a bed, dresser, and small picture hanging on the wall. ", "A bedroom door is open and a pink, yellow, and blue bed is nicely made.", "The bedspread has multiple colorful lines, and the pillows has shapes.", "A double-bed with two matching pillows in a room with a white door and white wall.", "A picture of a neatly made bed in a home."]
["A bed sitting in a room next to a window.", "A bedroom with a bedspread and a window.", "Light shines through the window by the bed. ", "A bed has a black bedspread on it and pillow.", "an image of a clean bedroom taken during the day"]
["Four male surfers carrying their boards on a sandy beach.", "FOUR MEN CARRYING SURF BOARDS ACROSS A BEACH", "Several people walk up the beach with large surf boards.", "Four surfers holding their surfboards at a beach", "Four people at beach carrying several surfboards. "]
["A surfer hits a wipe out on a big wave.", "The man is riding the wave on the water.", "A man in white shirt doing a trick on a surfboard.", "A surfer wipes out on a huge wave.", "A surfer falling off his surf board at the top of a wave."]
["A guy wearing a wetsuit surfing a wave. ", "A man in a wet suit crouches down as he rides a wave on his surfboard.", "Man in a wetsuit riding the waves on a surfboard.", "A surfer catches a wave on a green surf board.", "A man standing on a surfboard while riding a wave."]
["A man on a surfboard in the middle of body of water.", "a surfer in a wet suit is surfing on a white board", "a person that is on a surfboard in the ocean", "And the surf boarder is doing all he can to stay upright. ", "a man on a surfboard surfing a wave"]
["A group of surfers dressed in black riding small waves.", "An ocean scene with several surfers in the water.", "Four surfers are sitting in the ocean water.", "Four people in wetsuits are surfing in the ocean.", "an image of a group of people surfing"]
["a couple of people that are surfing in the water", "A man in a wet suit riding a surfboard on a wave.", "some people are riding boards at the beach", "There are four people on surf boards taking a wave.", "Three people in the water on surfboards while another person surfs by them."]
["A couple of men riding waves on surfboards.", "Two surfers are catching some waves of the ocean.", "Two men in black wet suits ride surfboards on small waves.", "A surf boarder stands up to ride a wave.", "two surfers and one is surfing on a wave"]
["A boy on a surfboard in the ocean ", "A boy in a wet suit riding a surfboard in the ocean.", "A little boy wearing a black wet suit surfing in the ocean.", "A young boy in a wetsuit surfing in the ocean", "a person surfing on a surf board in the ocean"]
["a cake sits on top of a holder by some fruit ", "A chocolate cake with icing next to plates and spoons.", "A cake and some plates on a table.", "A small chocolate cake is shown on a pedestal.", "A plate with a cake on it next to pears."]
["a couple of people standing in front of some water as the sun sets ", "Surfers in silhouette on a beach walking toward the water.", "A couple people on a beach with a surfboard.", "a couple of surfers are hanging out at the beach", "A couple of people standing on a beach next to a surfboard."]
["A man standing on a surfboard with a paddle.", "A man is on the water on a surfboard.", "A man on a surfboard with a paddle in his hand.", "The man standing on the surfboard is holding a paddle.", "A man with a boat paddle standing on a boat."]
["A man riding a board and holding onto a para sail rope.", "A man is being pulled into the air on a water board. ", "A man doing a trick while wakeboarding on the ocean.", "A person does a trick in a body of water", "Guy parasailing in the ocean, flying up in the air."]
["A couple of people are kiteboarding in the water. ", "A person holds onto a handle and rides on the water.", "A person in a wetsuit being pulled out of the water by a kite board.", "A man in black wetsuit windsurfing on water.", "Man in air with board in ocean and waves with background swimmer"]
["A bedroom has a stripped bedspread and blue curtains.", "A bed is in the middle of a well lit room", "An empty bed sitting in a bedroom with two windows.", "A well lit bedroom with a perfectly made bed.", "A bedroom with blue curtains and colorful bedding."]
["A man riding on top of a wave in the ocean.", "A person is in the ocean wave and having some fun. ", "A man is standing in an ocean wave. ", "A man in the ocean being slammed by a wave.", "A man standing in a body of water in the waves."]
["A twin bed with a purple compforter and blue walls.", "A small bedroom with a twin unmade bed, and shelving. ", "a bedroom with stuffed animals and a twin bed", "A bed with white comforter and theater masks hung above it.", "A bed in the corner of a room has a puffy white comforter on it."]
["A man running on the beach with a surfboard.", "A man running and throwing the surf board at the beach. ", "A man running along the beach with his surfboard in the water.", "A young man running along a beach next to the ocean.", "A man is running along the shoreline while another person watches from the water."]
["A young woman with a sword standing next to a man over an orange cake.", "A woman and man stand next to each other with a sword.", "a man and a woman are holding a sword near a cake", "The two people are holding a sward to cut a cake.", "This is a picture of husband and wife cutting a cake. "]
["A man with a shaved head talking to a woman.", "Man with a microphone interviewing a young woman standing in front of a red, white, and blue cake.", "The master of ceremonies thrusts a microphone in the face of the specialty cake decorator.", "A man holding a microphone in front of a woman ", "A women who is preparing to cut a cake is interviewed by a man with a microphone."]
["A couple of men standing on a beach while one holds a surfboard.", "Surfers are standing in a high tide chatting.", "A couple with a surf board standing at the edge of an ocean. ", "People on the beach in the ocean with a surfboard", "a surfer and another person is standing in the water"]
["A freshly baked pie with an animal and star design on the top crust", "A fruit pie with crust cutouts of lizards and stars.", "A pie baked with lizard designs on the top crust.", "A cherry pie sitting on top of a piece of tin foil.", "The pie is decorated with cut outs on top of it. "]
["A young lady sitting at a table covered in food.", "A smiling woman overlooks a table of food items. ", "A happy woman poses with dinner freshly served", "A woman is sitting at a table that has dishes of food on it.", "A woman sitting in front of a restaurant table with pizza and other dishes."]
["a woman laying in bed with just a blanket covering her", "A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN IS LAYING ON A BED COVERED WITH A WHITE SHEET", "A pretty blonde haired girl wrapped up in a sheet and laying down.", "Young woman flirtatiously on bed wearing only a towel.", "a blonde with a bed sheet wrapped around her body"]
["Interior bedroom scene of yellow walls, white curtains and a mattress.", "A bedroom is furnished with an unmade bed.", "A plain yellow room with bare mattresses, a blanket and a remote.", "an old mattress  on a small room", "older and well worn mattress and box spring in a small room"]
["A person on white surfboard riding a wave next to a cliff.", "A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A person is surfing in a on a wave", "Silhouette of a surfer catching a wave in the distance", "The person is in the water having fun"]
["A pizza sitting on top of a wooden table.", "A hand tossed pizza on a wooden table with tomatoes and other toppings.", "A pizza on a peel sits on a table.  ", "A pizza with ham, tomatoes and cheese on a table.", "A large pizza topped with meat and tomatoes served on a wooden board."]
["A lazy dog lies atop a bed in a simple hotel room.", "Bed with pillows has a dog lying in the middle of the bed with his eyes open and tail waging.", "A large dog is lying on the bed at the hotel", "A dog staring at a camera while laying on a bed.", "A dog is laying down on a bed. "]
["a person in bed  eating and holding a bowl of food.", "A man holding a plate and eating in bed.", "an image of a man in bed eating food", "A man in a robe eating food in a bed.", "Man eating a piece of toast in bed"]
["A slice of pizza sitting on top of a white plate.", "A slice of pizza is on a round white plate.", "A plate with a slice of pizza with a knife on it.", "A slice of pizza on a plate with a knife.", "A large slice of pizza and a knife on a plate."]
["A pizza topped with thick sauce and cheese.", "A large tomato chunk based pizza with cheese on top", "A pizza with a thin crust, whole tomato sauce and chunks of cheese. ", "fresh pizza with chunky tomato sauce  cheese and herbs", "Healthy homemade pizza sliced and sitting on a table."]
["The chef has prepared the pizza in his kitchen. ", "A person with a wooden board by a oven.", "A man in white shirt putting calzone into a brick oven.", "A pizza cook getting ready to cook some pizza in the oven.", "A man puts a pizza on a paddle."]
["A pizza on a wooden cutting board being cut with scissors.", "A person cutting a pizza with a pair of scissors.", "a close up of a person cutting a pizza with scissors", "A man is cutting a pizza with kitchen shears.", "A pair of hands cuts a pizza with a pair of black scissors."]
["A woman sitting on the floor with a box of food.", "A group of friends are ejoying slices of pizza.", "Someone allowing a woman to get food out of a box and a man reaching for some. ", "a man that is holding up a pizza box full of pizza", "A group of people laying on sleeping bags grabbing food from a box."]
["A group of kids standing near a tennis net.", "A group of small girls with tennis racquets talking to a man at the net.", "Girls in a gym with tennis racquets are talking to a man on the other side of a net. ", "Several young girls holding tennis racquets next to a man.", "a couple of kids are holding tennis rackets"]
["A man pulling a pizza out of an oven.", "Woman slides a homemade pizza onto a pizza stone into the oven using a paddle.", "A person takes a pizza out of the oven with oven mitts.", "A person pulling a pizza from the oven.", "A person reaching into an open oven for a pizza."]
["Two chairs are next to a vase with a dried plant in it.", "A couple of chairs are sitting beside a plant. ", "Two red chairs and a vase with a plant in a room ", "two chairs and a vase with a dead tree", "An art exhibit with two chairs and a blue vase."]
["A group of men standing around a table with pizza.", "A group of people standing around a table with pizza, wine and glasses on it.", "A group of people standing around a table with a pizza.", "Four people taking a pizza with wine glasses and a bottle on the table", "Three men and a woman stand around a pizza on a table."]
["A living room filled with lots of furniture and a red stair case.", "A room of chairs and sofa with red stairs next to it.  ", "A living room with a staircase leading up a story. ", "a white and gray dining and living room area with colorful pillows", "a coach and table in a living room area"]
["A lady with a young girl standing in front of a few english muffins. ", "A mother and daughter making english muffins together.", "a woman and a little girl with baked goods on a pan", "A mom and her daughter prepare to make dinner together.", "A woman bending over near a child over hamburger patties."]
["Pizza with different vegetables sitting on top of a wooden slab. ", "A pizza with vegetables toppings on a platter.", "A pizza with many toppings and mozzarella cheese.", "A pizza on a cutting board topped with a variety of things", "The pizza is covered with many delicious ingredients."]
["A man preparing a pizza inside of a kitchen.", "A man in a kitchen putting toppings on a pizza.", "a man decorating a pizza on the table", "a man that is making a homemade pizza", "A guy putting different toppings on a pizza."]
["Someone prepares salads as part of a healthy meal.", "A meal of homemade pizza and salad for two people. ", "There are plates of salad and pizza on a pan.", "Some plates of salad by a pan of pizza with chicken and broccoli.", "A cookie sheet has a casserole on it next to plates."]
["a beautiful woman sitting on a plane holding a bag of food.", "A smiling woman is eating pizza from a baggie.", "A woman with a bag of treats in an airplane.", "Happy woman sitting in an airplane with her snacks", "a woman on an airplane eating from a bag of snacks "]
["A prosciutto and pesto pizza before being put in the pizza oven.", "A very nice looking pizza loaded with toppings.", "A pizza with green sauce in an oven.", "A uncooked pizza is being put into the pizza oven", "A pizza with ham and a vegetable pasting on it while in a oven."]
["A very close up picture of some food.", "A pizza on top of a table filled with vegetables on cheese.", "A close up of a pizza with broccoli and bacon on it", "A pizza looks like it has red onions on it.", "a close up of some toppings on some food "]
["There is a woman holding a remote control and a man looking at it.", "people standing around a table filled with mail and a photo", "A woman is looking at a white remote control.", "A girl in a black shirt holds a white cell phone.", "a person holding a remote control on a desk"]
["A couple of children laying down with a toothbrush.", "Some babies are laying on their backs together", "A woman and baby laying down with a toothbrush.", "A young boy who is laying down and has something in his hand.", "A child is lying on the floor in a diaper next to a parent reading a book and brushing her teeth.  "]
["A woman laying on a couch with a white cat on top of her.", "A cat is perched up and stretched out on a lady under a comforter.", "A cat sits on top of a lady under a quilt on a couch", "A white cat sitting on top of a woman sitting on a couch.", "a woman sits on a couch with a cat laying on her"]
["Four different angles of a persons hand holding a small remote control in various positions.", "Very small remote control that fits in the palm of your hand.", "HANDS SHOWING AN ELECTRONIC ITEM FROM DIFFERENT ANGLES", "Several images of someone holding a remote control in their hand.", "A keychain style remote could actually be a mini spy camera."]
["A L shaped couch with a variety of pillows on it, in front of a television. ", "A bottle of wine, place settings, and some apples on a coffee table in front of a couch.", "THERE IS A PHOTO OF A LIVING ROOM WITH COUCH AND TV", "a living room filled with couches, tv, coffee table, and a door way", "a white couch tan pillows coffee table and a television set"]
["A girl with pale skin wearing a hoodie holds up a toothbrush.", "a person wearing a hoody  holding a toothbrush", "a person with a hoddie holding a toothbrush.", "A woman holding a toothbrush takes her picture.", "Woman in a black hoodie holding up a toothbrush in her hand. "]
["A screen is mounted on a wall over two chairs.", "A bunch of shelves that have items on it.", "Some chairs next to shelves filled with stuff.", "some blue chairs some shelves and a white board", "A room that has a white bored and some blue chairs."]
["A living area with a  couch, television, chandelier and mirror.", "A downward looking view of a living room area with television chair and table visible. ", "A den with a chandelier, chairs, couch and a television.", "a television a white chandelier a chair and a table", "A large fancy chandelier hanging over a room full of furniture."]
["A cat sitting on the back of a white chair in a living room.", "A black and white cat sitting on a couch", "The cat is perched on the chair in the living room.", "A cat resting on the back of an armchair in a living room.", "A black and white cat lying on the back of a sofa."]
["A professional photograph of a living room looking out onto a patio.", "A living room with a sofa set and a rug.", "A living room with furniture,windows, decor, and fan.", "A living room display is shown with beige and brown tones.", "a living room with a couch a table and a tv"]
["A group of three people standing side by side holding Nintendo Wii controllers.", "Three young people are intently playing video games.", "People standing around holding Wii controllers in their hands.", "A group of young people standing and playing video games", "Two women and one man playing a video game."]
["A man holding a Nintendo Will controller in a living room.", "A man playing video games as a child walks past", "A man plays a video game while a young child walks by.", "Man playing game with Nintendo Wii control next to kid carrying a cup.", "an adult standing up playing nintendo wii "]
["The guy is so excited playing his video game.", "A man holding a Wii remote playing a video game on the television.", "a man playing a video game in his living room.", "A man in yellow shirt playing a game with Nintendo Wii controller.", "A man in white shorts stands near a large television screen with a remote."]
["A man standing in front of a flat screen TV.", "a man plays a game of wii ", "A man plays a video game on Nintendo Wii.", "A male plays an interactive video game while standing near a flat screen television.", "a man plays video games in his home"]
["A living room with a white couch and flat screen TV.", "A view of a room in a house.", "A living room with a couch, television, and fireplace.", "A picture of a living room with a couch and television.", "A living room with a couch, tv and fireplace."]
["Two chairs sitting in a living room under a framed picture.", "The bedroom is decorated in French provincial style", "Two upholstered chairs are in the center of this room, surrounded by ivory wooden furniture. ", "Sitting area with large couches, blue wall, and white furniture", "Room model with two chairs, a dresser, picture frame on the wall and other items."]
["a man is sitting down playing video games", "A man is sitting down holding something in his hands.", "A seated male uses an electronic device to play a video game.", "A man is sitting down and appears to be holding a remote.", "A young man sits on the edge of his seat as he plays a video game."]
["A group of people are standing playing Wii. ", "Four young adults playing Nintendo Wii in open, professional room.", "Four people sitting in a small area preparing to play a game of Wii.", "A man with a remote control stands with three other people in a room.", "A group of people standing around playing a Wii. "]
["Four men are standing in a room and playing Nintendo Wii.", "Group of men playing a game with Nintendo Wii controllers.", "A pair of men playing a game with some remote controllers.", "A group of men standing to play video games", "A group of men with remotes in a room."]
["Various parts and games for a Nintendo Wii on a bed.", "video game accessories lying on the top of a bed spread.", "All the contents of a video game console have been unpacked from a box.", "a close up of a nintendo wii console next to cables and comtrollers", "Getting ready to set up the Wii game player and enjoy WiiSports."]
["A game controller is shown on a table.", "A closeup of a Nintendo Wii controller on a wooden table.", "A WH device featuring a home button and other options.", "A video game controller laying on a wooden surface.", "an image of a video game remote control"]
["A modern living room space containing a couch, and several chairs.", "A living room with leather furniture, a couch, and a painting.", "A living room with brown leather chairs and a brown fabric couch.", "A living room filled with furniture under a painting.", "Light comes through a window of a living room with sofa and chair."]
["A bright living room with a large clock on the wall.", "a photo of someones living room complete with, bookshelf full of dvds, two leather chairs, a flat screen tv, fireplace, and a overly large decorative clock.", "A living room with a large clock, tv and some recliners", "A living room with a t.v. and a clock on the wall over a fireplace.", "A living room in a home showing a media area which contain a tv DVD player and DVDs "]
["Simple desk set up with laptop only feature in middle", "A sparse wooden desk with a laptop and phone on top.", "A wooden desk with a laptop sitting on it.", "A laptop computer is sitting on a table in a room.", "The computer is sitting on a desk with another device plugged in it."]
["a young person at a desk operating a computer", "a person in a gray shirt a mouse keyboard and laptop", "A boy uses a mouse and looks at a laptop on a wooden desk.", "A child sitting at a table on a computer.", "A little child sitting at a desk using a computer."]
["A woman walking down a street past a doorway.", "a woman is walking past a doorway on a sidewalk", "A woman talking on a cell phone checks her watch.", "A woman talks on a cell phone and checks her watch while walking on a sidewalk. ", "A woman wearing blue is on the phone and walking along a sidewalk in front of a building with black planters on both sides of the entrance."]
["A group of men that are sitting on a couch.", "Three men sitting on a couch in a living room.", "Three men having a good time socializing with one another. ", "Three men sitting on a couch smiling at each other.", "A photo of three men sitting together on the couch."]
["A Christmas tree in front of a window.", "A dimly lit room with a tree in the corner.", "A living area with a Christmas tree and a fireplace.", "A green Christmas tree sitting in the corner of a room.", "A christmas tree in a living room near a tv"]
["Kites being flown in the air during the day.", "several people i the water para sailing near the beach", "A crowd of people flying kites above a lake.", "Several people with para sail chutes riding in the water.", "Many people are water skiing in this area."]
["A kite flying over a wave filled ocean under a cloudy sky", "A person is parasailing on the water under a cloudy sky", "An ocean view including a man being pulled along by a water skiing parachute.", "A person para-surfing on a mostly sunny day at the beach.", "A person in the ocean holding onto a parasail. "]
["A man in plaid shirt flying a kit in city space.", "A person standing outside near many tall buildings.", "A young man standing on a walkway while flying a kite.", "A man flying a kite in the plaza of a large city.", "A person is flying a kite in the city."]
["Several people are flying kites in an open field. ", "Many people flying kites in a large field on a sunny, clear day.", "A lot of people stand around flying kites in a park.", "People are flying their kites in a large field.", "A group of people stand in a field as kites fly overhead. "]
["A green monster kite soaring in a sunny sky.", "A bright green kite with a scary monster face flying high", "a green kite is flying in the sky", "a green kite with monster face of fangs baring", "a close up of a kite flying in the sky"]
["This is an image of a man flying a kite.", "A person sitting on the ground, flying a kite", "A sitting male flies a kite in a grass field.", "A man sitting in a field flying a kite in the blue sky.", "A man flying a large red kite in a park."]
["An empty kitchen of a house during the day.", "A renovated kitchen with wooden cabinets and white refridgerator", "This empty kitchen has a refrigerator, cabinets, and cupboards.", "The kitchen is ready for immediate family use.", "An empty kitchen with a window and a refrigerators. "]
["Many kites are in the sky at the beach.", "People out at the beach flying kites ", "two men flying numerous kites on a windy day", "Some people are flying kites at the beach", "Some folks in a very big field flying some kites."]
["A group of people flying kites over a beach.", "An assortment of shaped kites flying in the sky.", "A red lobster kite flying lower than other kites", "Kites are flying in the wind with bikers below them.", "People flying kites that are attached to their bikes."]
["A man that is standing in the grass with a kite.", "Man with large patriotic kite in field near small out building.", "a man fiddles with a big kite outside ", "Getting ready to fly an American flag kite.", "a man holding a kite with an american flag pattern"]
["A man with gray hair and a hat carries a black kite.", "A man walking to an open field to fly a kite.", "An older man walking away holding a kite", "A man walks toward a car with a kite in hand.", "A man walks towards a car holding a kite."]
["A boy and a girl trying to fly a kite.", "Two teenagers are flying a kite near some trees.", "A man holding a kite while a girl tries to fly it.", "A boy helps a girl get her kite off the ground", "Two people flying a multicolored Mickey Mouse kite."]
["Beach goers enjoying a sunny day in the sand and surf.", "A group of people on a beach with surfboards and kites.", "an image of people walking on the sand at the beach", "people on a beach with kites flying in the sky", "Several people enjoying various activities at the beach."]
["A giant baseball bat leans against a city building", "a building near a large base ball bat leaning on a tip", "A giant upside down baseball bat leaning up against the side of a building.", "An extremely large wooden bat leaning against a building.", "A gigantic baseball bat statue leans on a building."]
["A baseball player holding a bat on a baseball field.", "A man getting ready to bat while a catcher squats down behind him.", "A batter, catcher and baseman during a baseball game.", "A man in a baseball game at the plate to bat.", "three members of a baseball team playing a game"]
["A man holds a bat in his hands.", "A man in black jersey holding a baseball bat.", "A man wearing a black helmet swings his baseball bat.", "A baseball player gripping a bat and holding it up.", "A baseball player at bat at a baseball game."]
["The baseball player is waiting to swing the bat.", "A baseball player in ready stance to hit the ball.", "A batter that is ready to hit the next incomming pitch.", "A baseball player is now up to bat.", "A baseball player with the number 25 on his uniform, with a baseball bat and in a batting stance."]
["A professional baseball player just after hitting the ball", "A man swinging his baseball bat at a ball.", "an adult man in a baseball uniform hitting a ball at home base", "A baseball player reaching out his bat to follow through on hitting a ball.", "A man is swinging a bat a a baseball"]
["A woman walking on a sidewalk on her phone near people.", "A woman walks down the busy street with coffee talking on her phone.", "People are crossing in the crosswalk on a city street.", "A woman walks down the street while talking on the phone and holding a cup of coffee.", "Woman with shades on and a cup in hand walks along talking on the phone."]
["A baseball player with a bat in his hands on a field. ", "a man holding up a bat while standing at home plate ", "A player in a baseball game is holding his bat.", "A baseball player is standing ready to bat.", "Man holding a baseball bat getting ready to swing."]
["A baseball player is getting ready to hit the ball.", "A batter, catcher, and umpire stand on a baseball mound. ", "A baseball player holding a bat while standing next to home plate.", "A batter is wound up ready to hit a pitched ball.", "A baseball player prepares to swing at a pitch at home plate."]
["A woman in a blue dress and bonnet standing on the beach.", "A person standing on a beach by the water.", "a person in a dress on a beach ", "am Amish lady standing in the sand by the ocean", "A woman in plain dress and cap standing on the beach by the shore."]
["View of an English city from the choppy water.", "The city skyline as seen from the water at sunset", "The shoreline of a city at sundown taken from a boat ", "The view of city buildings is seen from the river.", "An ocean with waves beside a city. "]
["A bridge across a river and a tower with a clock is seen.", "A far away photo of the British Parliament building. ", "Big Ben in London and the British Parliament", "a large clock tower on a building by a river", "A bridge over the top of some water with a boat underneath."]
["A view of Big Ben from over the water, during the day.", "Classic across the Thames of \"Big Ben\" and Parliament.", "The clock on the tower is displayed for everyone to see", "Big Ben in London with cars parked along the bridge", "the building is big and has a clock on it "]
["A baseball player getting ready to hit a ball at home plate.", "There is a net between the batter and the crowd", "A baseball player holding a bat next to home plate.", "A shot behind the fence of a baseball batter and catcher. ", "Baseball players playing a game on an official baseball field."]
["A young boy wearing a yellow shirt holding a bat.", "A boy in yellow holding a base ball bat", "A boy wearing a hat and uniform shirt standing holding a baseball bat.", "A young boy poses with a baseball bat in a field.", "A boy holds his baseball bat in a field."]
["A baseball player swings his bat at a ball.", "Man intently hitting baseball with aluminum bat and no batting helmet", "The ball player is hitting the ball with the bat.", "A close up of a person about to hit a baseball.", "A man is swinging at a baseball at the batting cage."]
["A field full of players in action in a baseball game.", "A baseball game taking place at night with players.", "A player is at bat in a baseball stadium.", "A baseball pitcher winding up to throw the ball.", "A full view of a baseball game with many people."]
["A colorful pizza sits on a wooden cutting board", "An uncooked meat and vegetable pizza sitting on a wooden board", "A pizza with different  toppings mushrooms, peppers, onions peperoni.", "A pizza on a cutting board has colorful vegetables and pepperoni.", "A pizza with multiple toppings sits on a wooden board."]
["A female tennis player is in great shape, holding her racket. ", "A woman in a short dress holding a tennis racquet.", "A young lady trying to cool down after a tennis match.", "A woman in disgust while holding a tennis racquet.", "An exhausted female tennis player fanning herself during a match."]
["A woman that is playing tennis on a court.", "A woman holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.", "Female tennis player during mid swing on court.", "A woman plays tennis on a tennis court.", "A woman is trying to hit a ball with a tennis racket."]
["A pizza sitting on top of a wooden cutting board.", "a rectangular pizza on a wood cutting board", "Pizza and a bottle sitting on a wooden cutting board.", "A half cheese, half tomato and basil pizza rests on a board.", "a square pizza with tomatoes and a bottle of wine"]
["A good looking pizza has a piece missing.", "A partially eaten cheese pizza on a white plate.", "A party eaten pizza on a plat by a drink.", "A medium sized pizza on a white serving plate on a table.", "A white plate topped with a pizza next to a drink."]
["A man rared back at a tennis ball with a tennis racquet.", "A person throws a tennis ball up in the air.", "a tennis player serving a ball on the court", "A man is reaching up with a tennis racket", "A man playing tennis on a tennis court with a lot of people watching."]
["A kitchen counter with a pizza ready for the oven.", "An uncooked pizza sits on the counter. ", "A uncooked pizza on a counter in a kitchen.", "A homemade pizza is waiting to be cooked.", "A homemade pizza with jarred sauce and cheese"]
["A man holding a tennis racquet as a tennis ball approaches him.", "A tennis player about to hit a shot", "A player chases a tennis ball while the umpire watches.", "A man is playing tennis while another man watches.", "Man serves tennis ball at high speed while other watches."]
["A man with a tennis racquet and a referee in the background.", "Man in black and white outfit in the motion of swinging tennis racket. ", "A man lunging into the air holding a tennis racquet.", "A tennis player holding his tennis racket about to hit the ball. ", "a male in a white shirt and black shorts playing tennis"]
["a pizza smothered in cheese and meat with french fries.", "A pizza with hot dogs and fries is shown.", "A pizza with french fries, hot dogs and cheese on it", "A pizza has been topped the hot dog pieces, french fries, and cheese.", "A pizza with hot dogs, french fries and cheese for toppings."]
["a lady taking a bite from a slice of pizza", "the woman is enjoying a piece of pizza", "A lady blowing on a slice of pizza on a paper plate.", "A lady holding a piece of pizza on a white paper plate.", "A woman holding a slice of pizza close to her mouth."]
["A small personal pan sized pizza on a plate.", "A fresh pepperoni pizza served on a plate for one.", "Two smalls pizzas sitting on top of small white plates.", "A pepperoni pizza sits on a plate ready to be eaten.", "Two pepperoni pizzas on a white plate each."]
["A male tennis player walking on the tennis court.", "A male tennis player crossing a tennis court.", "A man playing tennis on the tennis court. ", "A man standing on a tennis court holding tennis racquets.", "A man with a tennis racket on a court."]
["A man swinging a tennis racket wearing a blue shirt", "A man hitting a tennis ball above his head.", "a male tennis player in a blue shirt is playing tennis", "A man playing tennis preparing to return a ball coming down at him.", "A man holding a tennis racquet on a court."]
["A man poses his tennis racquet as a ball comes towards him.", "Tennis players look at the ball on a tennis court.", "A man playing tennis on a bright and beautiful day.", "People playing tennis on a tennis court while other people watch.", "A man in black shirt and bandana playing tennis."]
["A couple of tennis players on a large, fenced-in outdoor court.", "People with tennis rackets on a fenced tennis court. ", "a tennis player on a court with a racket ", "A man who is standing on a tennis court.", "Two people are playing tennis on a sunny day."]
["People that are walking on a tennis court with racquets in their hands.", "Some people with rackets on a tennis court.", "man walking on a green tennis court with carrying a racket", "Two guys passing each other on a tennis court holding rackets. ", "A couple of men standing on top of a tennis court holding racquet."]
["A man holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.", "A man holding a tennis ball in one hand and a tennis racket in the other. ", "A tennis player in action on the court.", "A man taking a swing at a tennis ball", "THERE IS A MAN THAT IS PLAYING TENNIS ON THE COURT "]
["A tennis player contorts his body to hold his racket far back on the court.", "A man jumping in the air swinging a tennis racket.", "A man in white shirt and shorts playing a game of tennis.", "an image of a tennis racket with a guy", "A person is in mid air over a tennis court."]
["A refrigerators' top shelf is filled with various kinds of wine.", "a fridge shelf covered with assorted wine bottles ", "A bunch of bottles that are inside of a refrigerator.", "A refrigerator filled with different types of alcohol.", "Bottles of wine are inside of a refrigerator."]
["Several beer bottles lined up on a refrigerator shelf.", "A number of dark, corked bottles on a shelf in a refrigerator.", "a refrigerator shelf displaying beers with old fashioned twist off caps", "a bunch of beverages inside of a fridge ", "a bunch of bottles are in the fridge"]
["A dining room table and four wood chairs.", "a table and chairs that are in a kitchen", "A dining space with a table and four chairs under a window and art on the wall.", "A riding room with artwork on the white walls. ", "a dining room with a table and chairs"]
["A room filled with desk and laptop computers.", "A group of students working inside of a computer lab.", "People are using laptops or resting at a lounge.", "Assorted people with laptops sitting throughout the room.", "A group of workers all have laptop computers."]
["A person is looking at a laptop in the dark.", "a close up of a person with a laptop", "A person who is working on a laptop computer.", "A young person leisurely working on a computer in the living room. ", "A bright computer screen inside of a room."]
["a man is sitting at a computer on a desk", "A man sitting in front of a computer at a table.", "A man sitting on a chair with a computer on a table.", "A man sits at a table looking at a laptop. ", "a man sits at a table using a laptop"]
["A clock mounted on the side of a church tower.", "A European village shows off its buildings' sides and decor", "a cluster of buildings next to a big church ", "Old looking houses with windows next to each other.", "A fancy clock decorates a stone building connected to other large buildings. "]
["Two men with glasses sitting at a table using laptops", "Two men sitting beside each other while looking at their laptop.", "Two men sitting at a table using laptop computers.", "Two men working on laptops at a kitchen table.", "A couple of people on laptops on a table."]
["A close up of a teddy bear laying under a blanket.", "the teddy bear is laying on a pillow tucked in a blanket", "A teddy bear is tucked into a bed laying on a pillow.", "A teddy bear laying on a pillow,with a blanket on it.", "A stuffed bear that is under the blanket."]
["Three people are at a kitchen bar using their laptops.", "Three people are looking at their laptops which are on top of a counter.", "A group of people working on lap top computers.", "The three members of the family are all on their laptops. ", "Everyone in the family has to have his own computer."]
["A wood fire oven with a long metal spatula hanging on the wall next to it.", "Kitchen oven set up with burning fire inside of it. ", "A pizza oven with a pizza paddle behind a glass display case.", "A pizza paddle hangs next to a pizza oven.", "an image of firestone grill cooking pizza in the oven"]
["Two men in a room and one with a white shirt using his phone.", "A young man wearing an event bracelet, checking his cell phone.", "A man checks his cellphone while another man stands next to him.", "A dark picture of two guys in a room.", "A man looking at something in his hand while another man looks the other way."]
["An open refrigerator is on and has food in it", "Refrigerator doors are open in a dark room.", "the fridge is open and is almost empty ", "A nearly empty refrigerator and freezer combo appliance.", "This refrigerator has both doors open and seems to be mostly empty."]
["A metallic refrigerator freezer sitting in a kitchen with it's door open.", "An empty side by side stainless steel refrigerator sits ajar.", "A stainless steel refrigerator with the freezer door open.", "A refrigerator with one of the doors open.", "a double door refrigerator has the freezer open"]
["An open laptop computer sitting on top of a bed next to a mouse.", "a laptop open up with a ipod and phone plugged in it", "A laptop and accessories on a blue bed.", "A computer, cell phone, mouse, and ipod with charger sitting on the bed.", "an image of a laptop and other electronics on top of a bed"]
["two people sitting down at a table near wine glasses", "Two women are smiling and enjoying  some wine.", "Two young women having a glass of beer in a restaurant.", "Two women in a bar look up and smile to the camera.", "two woman sitting at a table having drinks"]
["A person sitting in front of a laptop computer.", "One boy is looking a computer, and one is looking at a phone.", "A young man laying on a pallet while another person operates a laptop.", "A woman on a laptop and man on his phone.", "Adults play on laptops and cell phones in a living area."]
["A book with a cup and office supplies stacked on top of it.", "A battery, mouse, stapler, an astray and a cup balanced over a book.", "a group of random things stacked together on top of a book ", "A stack of random items that could be found on a desk. ", "A stack of items that starts with a book and ends with a battery.  "]
["The laptop has been placed next to a tray of tea.", "A small table with tea fixings and a laptop on it", "A red wooden table sitting below a window with curtains.", "A laptop computer, tea tray, thermos, scissors, and tea bag sit on a table", "A small table with a laptop and fancy tea service."]
["Three people on a park bench look at the phone of the person in the middle.", "The smoking man and the disheveled woman flank the man on the park bench and stare at his crotch.", "Two men and a woman sitting on a park bench.", "Three people sitting on a bench looking at a phone.", "A black and white photo of two men and a woman sitting on a bench, middle man is texting."]
["A man is holding a magnifying glass in front of him to get a better look at the object in his hand.", "A man with a magnifying glass inspecting something in his hand.", "A man seated in a restaurant using a magnifying glass to look at a cell phone ", "a man looking at a cell phone with a magnifying lens", "A man looking at something through a magnifying glass."]
["A large group of teddy bears wearing bow ties", "A table with many stuff bears on it", "Adorable teddy bear figurines are arranged haphazardly on a blue surface.", "Looking down at white plastic teddy bears on a blue table", "A collection of teddy bears with purple and pink attire is displayed."]
["A teddy bear is sitting on a woman's neck.", "A very sexy girl with a stuffed animal on her shoulder.", "A WOMAN IS POSING SMILING WITH A TEDDY BEAR", "A girl who has a teddy bear on her shoulders.", "A girl in corset holds a vampire bear."]
["A cell phone and some key on a table.", "An older cell phone is on some camel smokes and near keys. ", "there is a phone, wallet and keys sitting on a table", "A cellphone, keys, a pen, datebook and cigarettes.", "A shot of a cell phone, planner, cigarettes, wallet, and keys."]
["A table is adorned with cake, berries and bagels along with other empty dishes. ", "Plates filled with cakes and deserts on top of a wooden table.", "Dinner table set with different fruits, pies, and breads. ", "A table full of food, plates, and silverware.", "A table is set for dinner, with food and dining plates."]
["Various foods on a table that include bananas, an apple and an orange.", "a close up of a banana an apple an orange and a bowl", "A breakfast tray of cereal, fruit, and hot beverage", "An arrangement of an several fruits, utensils, and crockery.", "A bowl of grains on a table with bananas."]
["A boy is standing on the beach and looking at something", "a boy is playing  with a cellphone outdoors", "A young kid playing on a cellphone on a sandy beach.", "A person that is on the cell phone.", "A photo of a young person playing with a cell phone."]
["little girl with her bunny beside her sitting on a bench", "A girl and stuffed animal sit on a bench.", "A little girl sitting on a bench in front of some ivy with her stuffed animal", "A woman sitting on a bench while talking on a cell phone. ", "A cute little girl sitting on a bench alone."]
["tower of a brick building with a clock on the front", "A church clock tower in the city shadowed by a skyscraper.", "a big building with a clock at the top", "A stone building in a city with a clock tower attached to it.", "A very tall brick clock tower with a clock on each of it's sides."]
["An old woman holding a smart phone while wearing a green jacket.", "an old lady excited over looking at a cell phone", "An old woman is smiling and looking at a cell phone.", "A surprised older woman looks at a cell phone. ", "An older woman laughs while looking at a cell phone."]
["A couple of plates with eggs and folded pancakes are sitting on a table. ", "a close up of a few plates of food on a table", "A meal with various dips sits half eaten on a table.", "A meal of mediterranean food at a cafe", "A table filled with ethnic foods and a couple cell phones."]
["A pile of smart phones sitting on top of a chair.", "Do these cell phones all belong to one person?", "A collection of old cell phones sit on the edge of a couch.", "a bunch of old flip phones being charged", "Several different cell phones are laying on the sofa,"]
["A woman laughs while thumbing her cell phone.", "A woman is using a cell phone near the street.", "A woman wearing glasses using a cell phone.", "A woman smiles as she looks at her cell phone. ", "A young woman smiles while looking at her open flip phone."]
["An older woman sitting on a chair looking at a phone", "An older woman sitting at a table with a red hat .", "A group of older women look on as one of them checks her phone.", "An older woman with a hat on  her lap is checking her cell phone.", "a woman sitting on a chair holding a cell phone and hat with money"]
["a white woman wearing a white hat and uniform", "An officer is using their phone while smiling. ", "A police officer sitting on a bench in a hallway. ", "woman with uniform and white helmet on her cell phone", "A white helmeted police woman listens to her cell phone."]
["Man on phone and drink with red hue standing next to a woman", "a man wearing glasses holding a cell phone and a drink next to a woman wearing glasses", "A man holding a glass and cellphone in red lit room.", "A man on a cell phone next to a woman.", "A man next to a woman and holding a cell phone."]
["A man standing next to a woman inside of a room.", "A man putting his hands on a pretty woman.", "A man standing behind and closely to a woman he is talking to", "A young woman and a man having a chat about a camera. ", "A woman is holding a camcorder in her hands"]
["A man taking time to check something out on his mobile phone.", "a man holding a drink and checking a cell phone ", "A man holding a smart phone in his right hand.", "The man is drinking a drink while looking on his cell phone.", "Man looking at cell phone with beverage in hand."]
["A group of people sitting around a table together", "Two boys are looking at a mobile phone while sitting at a dinner table.", "two boys at a dinner table look at a console in one of the boys' hands as a woman sits behind them", "a couple of people that are next to a table", "Young boy sitting at table with adults checking his phone."]
["A man is sitting on a bench and using his cellphone while another man stands and uses his.", "Two guys near a wooden bench using their phones.", "An man sitting at a bench talking on the phone next to a standing man also on the phone.", "A black and white photo with two men on phones", "A man sitting down on a bench in the park"]
["A group of people sit in a room with tables and one leans over to help another on a laptop.", "A woman and two men are looking at a laptop", "A woman and two men looking at a laptop screen.", "Many people looking at laptops in a room. ", "A group of people sitting and standing by tables with laptops on them."]
["A person standing on a street with a cell phone.", "A person sitting on a wooden fence talking on a cell phone.", "A man that is leaning against a rail holding a cellphone.", "A man is leaning back talking on the phone", "A person talks on the phone and sits on a fence."]
["Someone is holding an orange and black Iphone.", "A person holding a large cell phone showing the screen.", "A person holding a cell phone with a wire connected to it.", "A hand holds a smart phone showing the apps.", "A person is holding a smartphone which is plugged in"]
["a woman is sitting with an umbrella over her", "A woman with an umbrella and a food cart while on a cell phone.", "A woman with an umbrella selling pastries from a cart.", "A woman with an umbrella sits on a bucket behind a cart of items for sale.", "A woman sits next to a cart of food in a crowded market"]
["A man resting his injured leg while he talks on the phone.", "A man with one broken leg in the air talks on a phone.", "A man in jeans jacket and hat talking on cell phone wearing boot and resting on crutches", "A man with crutches standing and talking on a cell phone.", "A man talking on the phone while propping on his crutches."]
["Three people in uniform looking at a cell phone.", "A group of soldiers  sitting at a table with a woman.", "A couple of men are using electronic devices", "a group of people sit around a table using some tech", "A person that is looking at something on a cell phone."]
["A book shelf filled with lots of books sitting next to a microwave.", "A shelf with cookbooks and liquor next to a microwave.", "a shelf with all kinds of liquor and books on it.", "A bookshelf full of cookbooks, bottles, and magazines next to a microwave.", "A clutter bookshelf with a microwave to the side. "]
["middle aged male placing hot pot into a stove", "The man is in his kitchen preparing his meal.", "There is a man in the kitchen taking a pot out of the stove", "A man standing in a kitchen preparing food.", "A man putting a red pot into his oven."]
["a man making a face while taking a pot from the oven", "A man holding a bowl with an open oven", "Oh no, the pot is very hot and this man feels it.", "A man that has pot holders standing near an open oven.", "A man taking a hot pot out of the oven."]
["A see through drink cooler in a store by the kitchen ", "a large case is full of different colored bottles", "This refrigerator is stocked with alcoholic beverages. ", "A display fridge full of different kinds of alcoholic beverages.", "A fridge is full of beer at a restaurant."]
["Commercial retail refrigerator stocked full of beer bottles.", "A clear view display refrigerator lined with bottles of beer.", "A fridge full of variously colored glass bottles", "There are bottles in the cooler that is standing on a shelf", "A glass front refrigerator stocked with several different bottles."]
["a refrigerator with drinks inside next to two tables and chairs", "A picture of a restaurant with some beer.", "An old-fashioned looking storefront with some tables to sit at and a lot of advertisements on the wall.", "Drinks fridge and glassware in a small cafe", "A beverage cooler and counter area in a small store."]
["a group of people stand next to a refrigerator posing for a photo", "A picture of people posing by a fridge.", "A group of friends stand around a refrigerator.", "People posing with a white two door refrigerator", "Four people posing near a large white refrigerator."]
["a room showing a fridge well cleaned and a microwave", "Two cabinets are open in a white room.", "A plain, white kitchen with microwave and a coffee maker.", "there is a white microwave in this small corner", "A microwave is sitting on a white cabinet."]
["a kitchen with a refrigerator a stove and a window", "A kitchen with a stove top oven next to a window.", "A small kitchen with a stainless stove and refrigerator.", "a fridge and stove in a home kitchen", "A very sparse looking kitchen that's in someone's house. "]
["A large clock tower towering over a city.", "A train station hides a clock tower in a city.", "A large brick building with a clock on it", "A clock  next to a building with a clock tower.", "A digital clock and an old clock tower near each other in a city"]
["Three clocks are displaying times from different time zones.", "Three clocks and signs under a brick archway.", "3 different signs and 3 different clocks on the wall", "three clocks at a train station under a concrete arch", "three different black and white clocks signs and a building"]
["a big clock on a pole and very tall buildings lite up in the night", "The huge clock stands out in the dark city night.", "A clock tower is lit up against a dark city sky.", "It is an image of a night space.\n", "a clock on a pole on a city street "]
["some fridges for sale standing in line ", "A display of refrigerators on a showroom floor.", "A couple of refrigerators are on a display floor.", "A stainless steel refrigerator that has a screen on it.", "a black refrigerator and two gray refrigerators with papers on them"]
["A row of refrigerators filled with a variety of beers.", "some bottles on a wall and in refrigerators ", "Several coolers behind a bar filled with bottles of beer", "An empty bar counter with no customers or employees.", "There are many bottles of beer in multiple fridges"]
["A look at a white refrigerator and brown cabinets. ", "A kitchen has some shiny tall brown cabinets.", "a white icebox that is in a small room", "a clean looking apartment countertop and cabinet space", "A row of cupboards in the wall above a refrigerator."]
["A man in a kitchen who is operating a blender.", "A man using a blender in an industrial kitchen.", "A man in black jacket preparing liquid in a blender.", "a man uses a blender inside of a kitchen", "A man has his hand on top of a blender"]
["A chef scooping out a blender into a pot.", "A chef moves a sauce from the pot to the food processor.", "A man that is holding a ladle in a blender.", "A person in a kitchen with a large pot.", "Man pouring into blender in kitchen with steel"]
["a clear vase with different flowers on a table", "A close up of flowers in a vase.", "A vase of red roses is in a church.", "a bouquet of flowers and an ornate ceiling", "A face of flowers is below an ornamental gold and white ceiling."]
["Clock tower of dark grey bricks with 1853 and 1989 on face of clock.", "A large bell tower on a stone building with a clock on it", "A large clock on the face of a brick building.", "An old clock tower with a bell on a cloudy day.", "Clock in a stone tower with bells and an archway"]
["A large tall tower with a clock on the top.", "A red, white and gold decorative pillar with a clock on top.", "Pedestrians rest at the base of a  large, public ornamental clock.", "a large tower in a crowded area with a clock at the top", "a tall red and white clock tower in the middle of a street"]
["A woman getting her hair but with a  pair of black scissors.", "A girl getting her hair cut, on a chair.", "Someone is getting their hair cut with scissors.", "A person with a pair of scissors cutting someone's hair.", "A hand with scissors cutting another persons hair sitting in a chair. "]
["A woman cutting a young mans hair on the deck.", "A man with long hair gets a haircut.", "A woman cutting a man's shoulder length blonde hair.", "a person bending down cutting another persons hair ", "a women cutting the hair of a guy with long hair"]
["A plate of fried fish over a bed of french fries with some sauce in a can.", "A plate of food that includes fried fish and fries.", "Three pieces of battered fish and chips with lemon and ketchup.", "For lunch there are three pieces of fish and fries left over. ", "Fried fish and french fries served on paper."]
["A statue of a man with a walking stick is draped with a flower garland and a teddy bear in his hand.", "Statue of Ghandi that people put a lei and a teddy bear on.", "A metal statue with a robe and a pole.", "A statue features a famous Indian as he wears meager clothing and carries a staff.", "The statue is holding a teddy bear and wearing a necklace in the other hand he is holding a stick."]
["Set of ripening bananas on a plant with a teddy bear placed atop. ", "A teddy bear sitting atop bunches of green bananas.", "A large bunch of green bananas with a bear in them.", "A teddy bear sitting in a bunch of bananas on a banana tree.", "A stuffed bear has been placed in a bunch of bananas"]
["Some colorful fresh fruit and veggies cleverly arranged.", "A clown face made of yellow squash for the eyebrows, cucumber slices for eyes, a cherry tomato nose and a carrot smile.", "A plate of different types of food together.", "A plate with a clown face made from sliced vegetables on sliced cheese.", "A plate with fruit and vegetable in the shape of a smiley face."]
["A clock sits on top of a stand in the middle of the station.", "A picture of an outdoor area that seems great.\n", "A black and white photo of clocks and beautiful lights.", "this is an image of a clock in side of a building with a flag.", "A clock sits in a room with a flag on the wall"]
["A large white building with a clock in it is surrounded by palm trees and red flags.", "A clock tower in a building surrounded by banners and trees.", "A white clock tower stands in front of some palm trees. ", "Strung flags fly in front of a stone clock turret.", "An ornate clock tower surrounded by many small red flags."]
["a large clock indoors with a large flag ", "A black and white photo of a very ornate clock taken in the middle of the MTA.", "A very large clock in front of a building with a flag on it", "A black and white photo shows a large clock.", "black and white picture of outdoor four faced clock lit up for the night"]
["A bunch of glasses of wine sitting in front of a camera.", "Filled wine glasses sit on papers marked with numbers.", "There are glasses of wine sitting on numbers. ", "a couple of glasses of liquid are on a table", "8 glasses of wine sitting on numbered papers"]
["A large clock sitting on a sidewalk next to a large American flag covered building.", "Large circular shaped clock tower in black and white.", "A clock standing on a table with the American flag behind it.", "An antique clock in the foreground with an American flag in the background.", "A clock is sitting below an American flag."]
["An ancient building has people around it and a clock on the outside.", "People standing in front of a very old clock tower. ", "A building with a large clock on the front.", "The front of a large stone building with a clock", "a three story building with a clock on top"]
["A large orange fatso's clock hanging from the side of a building.", "a close up of a clock attached to a building", "A clock reads 10:20 with a fatso's slogan.", "A restaurant clock displays the time of ten twenty.", "A clock outside a restaurant that says \"Fatso's feeding the people.\""]
["A tall, stone clock tower rises above green trees", "A large clock tower is made of bricks.", "A tower clock is stretching upward into a clear blue sky.", "a brown stone clock tower rising above trees", "A very tall and skinny building with a clock."]
["A large clock tower with a massive clock at the center of it's top.", "There is a old tower with a clock in the center", "A big tower clock showing the time at three twenty-seven.", "A tower of a building with a clock on it stands among other buildings.", "A view of several rooftops and a stone clock tower."]
["A charming retail village includes a colorful flower garden and a historical tower clock.", "A clock tower is in the small square of a street.", "a clock tower in front of some buildings ", "a clock tower near a city street and buildings", "A clock tower in front of a large building."]
["Three wall clocks showing different time and a lady", "There are three pictures of clocks and one with a woman. ", "There are three pictures of a clock and one picture of a woman.\n", "Three clocks, reading 2:25, 2:35, and 2:39, near someone. ", "Four photographs of a clock at different times and woman."]
["A very tall clock tower with clocks on each of it's sides.", "A tall building with a clock on each side.", "A tall clock tower with flags in front of it.", "Some flags sitting in front of a building with a clock.", "A tall building with a clock mounted, and three flags raised in front."]
["Entryway to a building with people entering and exiting.", "The front entrance view of a station building. ", "an entrance a clock and some colonial arch type architecture", "A large building with sign saying waterloo station and a large clock above.", "People walking up the stairs at Waterloo Station"]
["A vase filled with a large yellow and black sunflower and other flowers.", "A vase contains a bouquet of flowers and a sunflower in front of a rustic brick wall.", "A vase of flowers one being a large sunflower in front of a brick wall.", "A blue vase with sunflowers and other flowers", "Yellow sunflower sitting in a blue vase by a brick wall. "]
["The bouquet of flowers in the vase is starting to wilt.", "The table has a vase containing red and yellow flowers on it.", "A table has old dying flowers on it.", "A collection of colorful flowers is in a glass vase.", "A vase filled with lots of colorful flowers."]
[" Vase of flowers on floor with a red and orange oen", " a small vase on a ground with flowers ", "The thin flower vase has orange and red flowers in it. ", "Orange flowers in a small glass vase on the ground.", "A simple flower arrangement of orange flowers in a glass vase."]
["AN IMAGE OF A BUNCH OF PRETTY RED ROSES IN A BLUE BUCKET ", "A group of red roses in a blue bucket.", "A large number of blooming red roses in a blue container.", "some red roses in a blue bucket ", "Red roses are in a blue bucket next to a pink rose."]
["A bunch of red roses with lots of green leaves.", "Red roses have been dethorned and are gathered upright.", "A number of rose flower sticks in a bundle", "there are many long stem roses in this picture", "A bunch of red roses are bunched together"]
["a close up of flowers in a vase near a wall", "The black vase has beige flowers in it. ", "Yellow flowers growing out of a cylindrical flower pot.", "Large flowers are sitting inside of the vase.", "A vase of flowers is pictured in this image."]
["A blue vase filled with white flowers sitting on a floor.", "a ceramic blue vase with daisy flower inside of it", "White long stem daisies in a tall blue vase", "A blue vase filled with yellow and white daisies", "There are some sunflowers in a blue vase"]
["Several vases on display behind a glass case.", "Large vases sitting on a shelf in a display case.", "Several beautifully decorated vases on a special display", "some ancient pots and vases in a glass case ", "Two large ancient vases sitting on a shelf with smaller relics."]
["A stuffed bear and a doll on a bed.", "A stuffed animal is placed next to a doll holding a smaller toy.", "The stuffed bear is next to a toy doll.", "a doll with long black hair holding a bear sitting next to a bear ", "A teddy bear and a doll placed on the bed"]
["a teddy bear next to a picture of a woman", "A fluffy teddy bear next to a hair product ad", "A woman with a bear in a photo with a sign. ", "a woman a sign and a tan teddy bear", "A teddy bear posing next to a magazine model."]
["A woman in a bustier holding a stuffed animal.", "A girl holding a teddy bear with sharp teeth.", "A woman with nice breast holding a monster looking teddy bear.", "a woman looks at a stuffed animal shes holding ", "A woman holding a teddy bear that has fangs."]
["A statue that is wearing a knit cap and holding a teddy bear.", "A statue in a garden wearing a real hat and holding a real teddy bear.", "Statue wearing a pink hat and holding up a brown teddy bear. ", "a statue with a pink hat and is holding a brown teddy bear", "A black statue of a dog with a pink hat is holding a teddy bear. "]
["Santa bear sitting in the corner near the curtain.", "A Christmas bear sitting on a shelf by a window.", "A fuzzy teddy bear wearing a Santa hat and coat sitting on a table.", "A Christmas teddy bear sitting on an inside window ledge.", "Toy bear in a Santa costume sitting next to a window. "]
["A man is holding a plate with breakfast food. ", "A person holding a plate of eggs, bacon, toast and fruit over a swimming pool.", "A plate of various foods over a pool.", "Someone is holding a plate of food over a pool.", "Someone in a pool holding a plate of breakfast."]
["a close up of food on a plate ", "The rolled up bread has meat in the middle of it.", "A piece of bread sitting on top of a plate.", "A tortilla filled with meat and rolled up on a plate.", "A piece of food on a white small plate."]
["A bunch of men standing near a table filled with wine glasses", "Many people in business attire are sitting around tables.", " A man getting ready to eat a sandwich with another man.", "some men standing at a table with one eating some food ", "Three men that are sitting around a table."]
["A few men talking to one another around a table. ", "A group of men having lunch at a luncheon.", "Three men eat lunch together at a convention. \n", "Three men standing around a bistro table eating.", "Men attending a convention, eating at a standing table."]
["A plate topped with food next to trays of drinks.", "Food is on a plate with a knife and fork.", "a skillet with a bunch of food inside of it ", "A frying pan with meat and vegetables in it.", "A plate with a fully prepared meal, and silverware on it."]
["Two people sit together in a restaurant at a wooden table.", "two persons having lunch at a table under neath a covered building", "A dark area has several people sitting at a table.", "Two men sit at a table in a restaurant with wineglasses", "Two men seated at an open air restaurant."]
["A barley wine bottle next to a wine glass with wine.", "The large glass is next to a bottle of beer.", "There is a goblet of wine sitting next to the bottle.", "A BOTTLE OF BEER ON A WOOD TABLE WITH A DRINK GLASS", "A bottle of barley wine and a glass full of it sit on a bar. "]
["A glass of beer with a bottle next to it on a table.", "a close up of a glass of wine near a bootle", "The glass is half filled with the bottle of ale. ", "A large glass of wine is next to the bottle.", "A bottle of Ale sitting next to a wine glass on a table."]
["A couple enjoying a yummy dark craft beer.", "Man and woman sitting at a table with a full glass and a bottle of wine. ", "A couple of friends sitting down at a bar sharing a drink.", "A glass and beer and a wine glass", "A man and woman at a table with beer and wine"]
["A wooden table topped with a bottle of alcohol and a glass.", "A bottle of liquor called Granite next to a half-filled glass.", "A bottle of a wine style beer next to a half full glass.", "A bottle of wine poured into a glass. ", "A bottle of wine and a wine glass."]
["A woman with glasses drinking a glass of wine.", "a woman sitting in a chair and drinking from a wine glass.", "A woman is sipping away some drinks in a room. ", "an image of a woman that is sitting and drinking wine", "A woman wearing glasses enjoying a glass of red wine."]
["a glass of wine and a wine bottle on a table", "A wine glass with wine next to a wine bottle.", "A bottle of wine with a glass right next to it. ", "A bottle of wine and a wine glass on a table.", "a bottle a glass of wine on a brown table"]
["some people a green wine bottle a table and glasses", "The beverage has been pored into the glass. ", "a clear glass with some kind of wine in it", "A wineglass and bottle that are on a table.", "A glas full of wine sitting next to a bottle on a table."]
["CLOSE UP SHOT OF A BOTTLE AND A WINE GLASS", "a bottle and a glass on a table  and a person", "A bottle of beer next to a glass with beer in it.", "A bottle of booze sitting on top of a table next to a glass.", "A beer bottle and a goblet of beer are posed side by side on a table."]
["A bottle of beer on top of a table next to a glass full of it.", "The wine is poured in the wine glass on the table.", "a cup of ine is next to a bottle", "a brown table with a bottle and a glass ", "A view of some alcohol with a glass filled."]
["A man holding a glass of wine while wearing a camera around his neck.", "The photographer is so happy he is enjoying a drink.", "A man holding a wine glass with a camera hanging off his chest.", "A man smiles while holding a wine glass", "A man smiling and drinking wine with his camera on his neck.   "]
["A group of men sitting at a table together.", "Adults males enjoying tasting various liquors at table.", "Three men sitting around a round table with wine glasses.", "The three friends are enjoying their beer together.", "Three men sitting around a table with wine on it. "]
["A store selling both ripe and unripe bananas.", "Banana stands with bananas hanging yellow and green and people looking around.", "A fruit stand is full of ripe and unripened bananas.", "Bananas, green and ripe yellow are abundant on the sidewalk.", "An outside market featuring two stalls with bananas."]
["A woman sitting next to a man on a bench.", "A couple sitting on a park bench on their cell phones.", "two people sitting at a bench on a city street", "Adults looking at mobile phone while sitting on bench.", "A man in a blue shirt sits on a bench with a blonde woman who has her head on his shoulder."]
["The woman is sitting and looking at something on her mobile phone.  ", "A woman in a white shirt uses her cell phone on a bench. ", "A young woman looking down at a cellphone.", "A girl checking her phone in a busy restaurant.", "A close up of a woman holding a cell phone."]
["A motorcycle has three people riding on it.", "A gang of bikers riding motorcycles down a road.", "There is no image on this page to describe.", "There are some people riding on motor cycles.", "A group of people sitting around on motorcycles, with masks on."]
["A large black dog laying on a kitchen floor.", "A dog is laying down on the floor in the home.", "Black dog laying down on the kitchen floor next to it's bowls and toy", "A black dog with a red collar laying on a tiled floor.", "A black dog that is laying on the floor."]
["a table with pots and pitchers with knives in a cupboard", "A metal kitchen table with a shelf holding knives.", "A counter that has several pitchers and an assortment of knives.", "A kitchen with steel pots and a wall of knives.", "Two steel pitchers and a collection of knives on a counter."]
["A kitchen scene with focus on a sink and oven.", "A picture of a very nice kitchen in a house.", "A kitchen with a sink full of dishes and a rag hanging from the door.", "A sleek kitchen includes walnut cabinets and shiny black counters.", "View of kitchen sink and counter with black granite countertop."]
["a person in a kitchen preparing food on a pan", "A man is using chopsticks to touch food.", "A cook takes the lid off the pan to stir the food", "An Asian man in a kitchen cooking a stir-fry ", "An Oriental cook wearing an orange jumpsuit, removes the lid from a large wok to use chopsticks to stir the food on a burner"]
["A stop top oven in a kitchen next to a couple of windows.", "An old looking kitchen filled with pots and pans.", "A small kitchen full of pots and pans", "A kitchen containing several pots, pans, and buckets with a sink and dining table in the background.", "a kitchen with a lot of pots and pans "]
["The kitchen with utensils on the wall is very old.", "this kitchen is old and dirty and has spoons on the walls", "A cooking table is shown with various cooking utensils on the wall.", "A counter in a rustic kitchen with utensils hanging from the wall.", "A kitchen counter with utensils hanging over it"]
["A kitchen filled with white appliances and wooden cabinets.", "an oven and cluttered  fridge in a kitchen.", "A small kitchen with oak cabinets and white appliances.", "A clean empty kitchen with cabinetry and a stove.", "A kitchen scene complete with an oven, sink, and refrigerator."]
["A close view of the round part of a tablespoon shows a wilted piece of lettuce resting on the spoon.  ", "Silver spoon with dried wilted lettuce on the end of it.", "A close up image of some food on a spoon.", "A silver spoon with a piece of lettuce on it. ", "A silver spoon with a wilted leaf on it."]
["A cheesy pastry sitting on top of a plate.", "A piece of grilled cheese sandwich sitting on a plate.", "A sandwich of some kind on a plate.", "A sandwich made of melted cheese and ham. ", "A close-up of a grilled cheese sandwich in a bowl of soup"]
["A person sits at a table in a kitchen. ", "An aerial view of a kitchen in cylindrical view.", "An upside-down image of a room taken from above.", "A circular view of an area that features a woman and kitchen counters and shelving.", "an overhead photo of a kitchen with cupboards a garbage can "]
["A stove top oven with a tea kettle on top of it.", "A stove  with kitchen cabinets mounted above it.", "A kitchen with an oven, tea kettle and sink.", "The stove in the kitchen is made of stainless steel.", "A kitchen stove with a red tea kettle sitting on it."]
["a group of men working the kitchen behind a counter top", "Some men who are cooking in a restaurant kitchen.", "Three merchants are preparing food in a kitchen.", "some males in black shirts are making food", "Two men work in a small restaurant kitchen."]
["Two metal vats on a brick space next to wall.", "Steel kettles with open lids are displayed in the kitchen.", "Two big stainless steel mixers on a brick slab ", "One cooking kettle with legs on a pedestal next to another kettle with legs that is sitting  on the floor.", "Two big soup bowls with a large spoon hanging ."]
["Brown horse pulling a white and red cart on a street.", "A brown horse attached to a white carriage over a water hole.", "A horse carrying a carriage getting a drink of water.", "A horse is pulling a carriage with a red blanket.", "The horse attached to a carriage has stopped to drink water."]
["Various items used for cooking a recipe atop a clean table.", "A picture of food ingredients on a table in individual bowls.", "A wooden cutting board topped with cooking ingredients.", "\n\nSeveral ingredients on a carving board in the kitchen.", "A cutting board set with prepared ingredients on a kitchen counter."]
["Some pots and pans that are in a room.", "an old kitchen that has dim lighting ", "a shelf with many items on it next to a table with pots and bowl", "A room full of pots and pans on wooden shelves.", "A photo of an old kitchen with pots and pans everywhere."]
["The girl in this picture is not wearing many clothes.", "A woman leans against a sink in a kitchen. ", "A woman in her bra and a pair of pants standing at a kitchen counter.", "A female with tattoos standing at a kitchen sink half naked.", "A woman in a bra and black and pink pants in a kitchen."]
["A stainless shiny serrated knife sits in front of a sliced loaf.", "A clean knife and french bread sit on a cutting board.", "A sliced up loaf of bread sitting on a wooden cutting board next to a  knife.", "A knife and several slices of bread on a table. ", "A knife and some pieces of bread on a wooden table."]
["A young man riding through the air on top of a skateboard.", "A little boy that is in the air with a skateboard.", "A young male child jumping over a ramp on a skateboard.", "The skateboarders are attempting tricks on the ramp.", "a male skateboarder in a gray shirt is doing a trick"]
["A large black dog sitting in a room.", "A black dog looking straight ahead in the kitchen.", "A black dog with a red collar standing in a kitchen", "A dog that is sitting down on the floor.", "a black dog wearing a collar and sitting on the floor"]
["A man preparing food outside of a shop on a street corner.", "Men cooking various foods on an outdoor grill.", "Man inserting a sausage in to a sandwich at a sidewalk BBQ", "Two men cooking food outside with jars of food behind them.", "Two men are cooking and selling various foods  outside a store."]
["A woman orders food from an outdoor vendor.", "A group of people preparing food in front of a building.", "A man putting  barbeque on a sandwich bun for a person.", "A crowd of people are standing at an outdoor cookout.", "Two men serve up food from giant pots outside."]
["A small wooden table covered with delicious vegetables. ", "A dining table with a bowl of garlic cloves.", "A kitchen table with a juicer and vegetable on it.", "A kitchen table with vegetables and food processor.", "A food processor sit on a small table in a kitchen next to fresh vegetables and a colander of mushrooms."]
["A man sits with a traditionally decorated cow", "A decorative man sits on the ground with a cow.", "A man sits next to his horse in an alley in costume.", "Guy and cow are sitting on the floor ", "An Indian man in religious attire sitting with a decorated cow."]
["The back door with a window in the kitchen.", "The kitchen has a white door with a window.", "A kitchen door next to a kitchen sing and counter top.", "A sink next to a large white door ", "A door for exiting and entering the house in the kitchen."]
["A kitchen which looks like its been updated recently.", "A kitchen has brown cabinets and a black refrigerator.", "A full view of a nice kitchen and counters. ", "A kitchen showing microwave, sink and refrigerator ", "a picture of an apartment kitchen wooden cabinets"]
["Elephants are in a long line with people on top of them.", "Several people riding on the back of elephants", "A group of men riding elephants down a street surrounded by trees.", "People riding on top of elephants that are walking in a line across a road. ", "There is a parade of elephants walking across the road."]
["A man standing by a large air gondola that is docked in a station", "A train is parked as a man at the top of the stairs waits along side it.", "Small tram bus parked between two stair cases.", "a man standing next to cable car and a flight of stairs\n", "A man getting ready to board the trolley car."]
["a person sitting on the ground in front of a stove", "A guy staring into an oven with something cooking in it.", "A person sitting in front of a white stove.", "A man watches his pizza cook inside an oven.", "A man sits in front of his oven and watches what is cooking in there"]
["A open metal oven with a rack for cooking.", "An oven with words reading \"tips & techniques oven settings.\"", "Tips and techniques for oven settings for an oven", "An oven is shown with the door open.", "Vintage oven with door open and writing \"Tips & Techniques Oven Settings\""]
["People walking down the street while some people ride their bicycles. ", "People are crossing an intersection with a Mao statue behind them.", "I like the statue of the Communist dictator in the background.", "some people on bicycles and others walking on a street and a statue", "Pedestrians, a rider on a scooter and several bicyclists cross an intersection at a crosswalk."]
["A bathroom with a sink, counter, toilet and shower curtain.", "A striped shower curtain hangs in front of the tub in a bathroom with a large counter space and white porcelain sink.", "A bathroom with a closed shower curtain outside its bathtub.", "A bathroom with a towel and a nice shower curtain.", "A picture of a clean and organized bathroom."]
["The retro bicycle shop is actually three stories high.", "A view of a building, with a bunch of bikes underneath it.", "A three story building with many bikes chained outside.", "a photograph of an old building thats painted blue", "Bicycles are parked in front of a Dutch shop."]
["A bathroom area with toilet, sink and black curtain.", "A bathroom is seen through an open door.", "A bathroom has a toilet and a brown counter in it.", "a bath room with a toilet a sink and tiled floors", "a white toilet in a bathroom with white walls "]
["A bath tub sitting next to a large window.", "Bathtub has a great view of the city from the odd shaped window", "A bath and mirror in a small room.", "An apartment jacuzzi bath with an expansive city view", "A close shot of a hot tub near a window. "]
["A lady on a very pretty decorated bike with a cute dog.", "A bike with furry pink decorations and a small dog in the front basket.", "a person riding a bike with a dog in a basket", "This bicycle has fuzzy material in its spokes as well as a basket with a dog in it.", "A woman rides a bike with a small dog in the basket."]
["A bathroom with a toilet and a couple towels.", "A bathroom with a white toilet next to a white sink.", "A bathroom with toilet and vanity and orange towels.", "Various beauty supplies sit around the sink of a clean bathroom.", "A bathroom with several towels and a pink wastebasket. "]
["A white toilet sitting in the corner of a bathroom.", "A toilet is sitting the corner of a bathroom.", "The small toilet sits in the corner of the bathroom.", "Bathroom scene, white commode and matching white sink on light brown tone tiled floor.", "A bathroom with a white toilet and sink."]
["A man with a bicycle with tanks for holding a liquid mounted on it.", "Black and white photograph of a man next to a bicycle.", "A man and a bike on the side of the street.", "an old black and white photo of a person with a bike", "The man is carrying heavy items on his bike. "]
["A bathroom shower with towel hanging from the door.", "A bathroom scene with a shower and toilet in view", "A shower with a sliding glass door in a small bathroom.", "A small dirty bathroom with walk in shower and toilet", "A white toilet and a shower in a room."]
["The large mirror has bright lighting behind it.", "A bathroom with two sinks and tiled walls.", "Bathroom with bowl sinks and red patterned shower. ", "A large bathroom with double sinks and a walk in shower", "A clean bathroom decorated with a mirror vessel sinks and a tiled shower."]
["A tie-dyed cyclist stands beside his bicycle in front of fellow cyclists.", "a man stands next to a parked bike ", "A man in a tie-dyed shirt and a helmet stands by his bicycle in a parking lot.", "A tye died cyclists interacts with others at an event", "A male beside a red bicycle with other bicyclists in the background."]
["people riding bikes near a beach and others swimming", "A crowd of people walking and riding their bikes.", "A crowd of people riding bikes down a street.", "A large crowd of people are gathered outdoors.", "A plethora of people riding bicycles and walking on a beach road."]
["A woman sitting on a couch in a public restroom. ", "A person sitting on a sofa next to some sinks.", "A person sits on a couch in the restroom", "The woman sits on a couch in a bathroom. ", "A woman sitting on a couch next to a bathroom sink."]
["A bathroom toilet sitting next to a counter and a roll of toilet paper.", "A toilet, with a roll of toilet paper and a children's Hanukkah book on the counter next to it.", "THERE IS A TOILET AND SINK IN THE BATHROOM", "Someone had the foresight to place a roll of toilet paper on the cupboard by the toilet.", "A new roll of toilette paper and some reading material or on the stand next to the toilette."]
["A golden ladder sitting next to a large black vase.", "A futuristic bathroom with a golden ladder and window", "A bathroom with a ladder and other items in it", "a toilet a window a picture and a shelf and rack", "The bathroom has been clean and is ready for the guests to use."]
["A woman riding a bike while wearing really short shorts.", "Two ladies are riding bicycles through a marketplace.", "Women riding bicycles and people walking near street vendor canopies. ", "A woman sits on a bike in  a crowded market area.", "a couple of people are riding bikes in a market"]
["A man is riding a bike and talking on his cell phone. ", "A young man riding his bike and talking on the phone. ", "A man riding a bike with a cell phone at his ear", "A man is riding a bicycle while using a cellphone.", "a man talking on a cell phone while he talks on his cell phone"]
["A small child standing with a toothbrush in hand.", "A small infant standing next to a bathtub that has running water and the infant has a toothbrush in it's mouth.", "A toddler is brushing his teeth in a bathroom. ", "A chubby toddler is learning to brush his teeth on his own.", "a shirtless child has a blue tooth brush in its mouth"]
["A black cat half-submerged in a toilet while drinking out of it.", "A cat sitting on a toilet seat drinking water from a toilet.", "Cat laying inside toilet seat possibly drinking the water.", "A cat has his face buried in the bowl of a white toilet.", "A cat sitting on a toilet seat with its head immersed inside the toilet bowl."]
["A bathroom filled with a toilet next to a tub and a sink.", "A bathroom with a white toilet and white tub.", "A clean bathroom with white fixtures and black tiles.", "Doorway view into a bathroom with a toilet and tub.", "Image of a bathroom with a toilet, sink and tiled tub visible."]
["A bathroom sink with toiletries on the counter.", "A bathroom sink and various personal hygiene items.", "A messy bathroom countertop perched atop black cabinetry.", "A bathroom vanity with cabinets and basin sink and several grooming products scattered across it", "A bathroom sink cluttered with multiple personal care items."]
["a messy bathroom with a toilet and toilet paper", "a messy bathroom in a fast food restaurant ", "a messy bathroom with toilet paper scattered everywhere", "bathroom area in with toilet paper all over the place", "A dirty McDonalds bathroom with a squat toilet."]
["A woman on a motorcycle smiles next to a man on a bicycle.", "A boy and a woman riding next to each other", "a woman in a black top on a motorcycle and a male on a bicycle", "A woman on a motorcycle beside a ban on his bicycle. ", "A man and woman on different types of bikes smiling. "]
["Well decorated restroom with sink and chair for sitting.", "a sink a picture a mirror and a chair and shelf", "A white bathroom sink sitting next to a wooden drawer.", "a room that has a sink and a chair in it", "A bathroom decor is in shades of browns."]
["A group of people on motorcycles riding down the street", "A group of people riding motorcycles down a street.", "A street scene with people on motorcycles with cars.", "People riding bikes, scooters, and motorcycles through street in bike lane", "A street with several cars and motorcycles riding down the street."]
["A bathroom with a sink and a toilet. ", "A modern and clean bathroom with a big sink.", "A basic bathroom with a toilet, sink and mirror.", "A bathroom with a white toilet and a white sink.", "This is a bathroom that looks to be recently remodeled."]
["a tiled bathroom with a tub inside of it ", "A reflection of the bath area of a bathroom in a mirror.", "An opening into an unfinished bathroom with a tub and tile.", "A bathroom is seen in the reflection of the mirror.", "Picture inside restroom mirror with reflection of the bath."]
["A busy road with people on bikes and in vehicles is shown.", "a person on a bicycle a bus a truck and a child", "The man is riding his bike down the busy city street. ", "A person on bicycle next to a black truck and child on sidewalk.", "A kid is standing at the bus stop beside a busy street"]
["A store with a taxi and bus parked out front", "A taxi driving past a store near an orange bus.", "a yellow taxi is parked outside a store", "The street view of an average city street. ", "A cab parked outside of a store with a bus near it."]
["A bus passes several people riding their bicycles.", "A bus near a large group of people on bicycles.", "A group of people riding bikes on a city street", "A group of people who are sitting on bikes.", "A group of bicyclists on the side of a road next to a bus that says \"Every lane is a bike lane\" on it's bumper. "]
["a number of people on bikes under a traffic light", "A group of people on bicycles next to a passing train.", "A train passing some people on bikes at night.", "A large long train and a person on a bike.", "A group of people sitting at a bus station waiting for a train."]
["A bike sitting parked on the ground next to a building.", "A bicycle leaning on a building near a train track.", "A bike is parked on the side of a building.", "A bicycle stands against the walls of a train station.", "A bicycle leaned against the wall on the side of the street"]
["Six white pedestals sinks sitting by the wall in a bathroom.", "A row of sinks in a public restroom.", "a riow of sinks in a public bathroom somewhere", "A row of porcelain sinks in a public bathroom.", "A collections of pedestal sinks along a wall."]
["An older man backing up a truck with a bicycle in it's flat bed.", "A man looking out the back window of his truck.", "A man sits in the drivers seat of a truck.", "A man in a truck looks out his rear window.", "A man in a truck looking behind him."]
["A dump truck passing a gentleman on a bicycle loaded with wood benches.", "A person that is riding next to a car.", "A man riding a bike with a bunch of wood on it next to a truck.", "A man on a bicycle is carrying wooden benches.", "A man on a bicycle is carrying several tables."]
["A bathroom with orange and white flooring with double sinks", "A bathroom with his and her sinks next to a white bath tub.", "There is a nice hotel bathroom with full furnishings", "a bathroom with a double sink and a large mirror", "A bathroom with a double vanity and a floor pattern."]
["Small bathroom with sink, toilet, and shower/tub combo.", "A modern residential bathroom with a shower over the tub", "A bathroom with a toilet, shower, and sink", "a clean bathroom with white counter and toilet", "A white bathroom with sink, toilet and tub."]
["A blue car making a right turn at an intersection.", "Additional traffic rules are given below the stop sign.", "A stop sign on the corner with garbage cans", "A blue car makes a right turn at a stop sign.", "A stop sign next to two trashcans in a neighborhood."]
["Bathroom with tiled floor, radiator, shower and bathtub.", "A bathroom has a radiator by the wall.", "A basic white bathroom, with shower and toilet.", "A bathroom showing a shower stall tub combination with a white ceramic floor.", "The bathroom shows a toilet, radiator, tub, and closet."]
[" A row of white urinals in bathroom below windows.", "Line of many white urinals in a large restroom.", "A long line of urinals in a public bathroom", "a bathroom with a wall full of urinals ", "Large row of white urinals sitting next to each other. "]
["A bare bathroom has a window over the toilet.", "A bathroom scene with sink, mirror, and toilet.", "A BATHROOM WITH A TOILET SINK AND WINDOW", "A porcelain toilet in a large home bathroom", "The tiled bathroom has toilet lid closed with door ajar."]
["A cat sitting on top of an old abandoned car. ", "A cat is sitting on the roof of a vehicle with scrap metal in the background.", "a cat sits on top of a old dirty truck", "a cat on top of a car with junk in the background", "A black and white cat sitting on top of the roof of a car."]
["A medium-sized black dog lies in the back of a car. ", "A dog that is sitting in the rear window of a vehicle.", "A small dog is sitting near the back window of a car.", "A dog sitting in the back window of a car.", "a dog sitting up in a car window"]
["a man is reading a book in a car with a small dog", "they young man is sitting in his car with his pet dog and studying from a textbook.", "Man reading a book in his car with a small Yorkie. ", "A man sleeping in the passenger seat of a car with a dog in his lap.", "A man is sitting in a car holding a dog and reading a book."]
["A cow standing next to a damaged car on a dirty lot.", "A broken down car being investigated by a cow.", "A cow stands in the mud next to a car.", "An abandoned car and a cow on a field.", "A cow standing by a damaged car in a field."]
["A group of elephants are walking on a dirt road.", "A family of elephants is walking along a dirt road.", "A large group of elephants on a road with a vehicle.", "A wild trail with elephants and jeeps driving down a path.", "Elephants walking on dirt road with onlooker in vehicles."]
["A small car is parked in front of a scooter", "A scooter is parked behind a red car.", "A small car parked in by a vespa.", "A bus rides by a small car parked in front of a motor scooter", "A small car sits parked in front of a scooter. "]
["A tall green building with a massive tall brown clock tower behind it.", "A white car parked in front of a building.", "There is a police car parked in front of an old building.", "A police car is parked outside the waiting room at Lackawanna Rail Road.", "a police car parked outside of a building "]
["A white toilet sitting inside of a bathroom.", "A toilet floor has torn up tile with tape.", "Paper is taped to the bathroom floor around a toilet.", "a white  toilet with water on the floor", "There is a toilet inside a narrow stall."]
["A man taking pics in a bathroom with a cellphone", "Man using a camera in a room with toilet and sink.", "The reflection of a person taking a picture in the bathroom", "A man is taking a photo of himself in the bathroom.", "A man taking a selfie in a bathroom with a toilet, sink and shower."]
["a toilet with many rolls of toilet paper next to it", "The toilet bowl, handrails, and many rolls of paper are in the bathroom.", "a toilet beside a rack with 12 rolls of toilet paper", "a white toilet and many rolls of toilet paper", "A white toilet open in a small room."]
["A bathroom with a toilet, window and tape on the floor.", "a little bathroom with a white toilet and a paper taped to the floor ", "A bathroom toilet that is against the wall.", "a toilet down a long narrow hallway being painted", "A all white bath room with blue tape on the floor . "]
["A yellow and green bus passing in front of a building.", "A passenger bus that is parked in front of a library.", "Metro bus driving past the Green Lake Branch of Seattle, WA library.", "A bus parked in front of a library building.", "A bus stopped in front of a building."]
["a person that is spiting something up in a toilet", "A man who dunked his face within a toilet on street", "a statue of a person drinking toilet water ", "A toilet splashes water up at a man's face as he kneels beside it.", "A man drinking water from a toilet that has it shooting out of it."]
["A bathroom with the toilet tank high up on the wall.  ", "A restroom showing only the toilet, toilet paper and the seat covers. ", "A bathroom with  an old fashioned toilet with wooden walls.", "The bathroom is very dark, the chain to flush the toilet is on the wall.", "an image of a poorly lit old bathroom"]
["A motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk outside a tattoo shop.", "a motorcycle that is parked outside a store", "A red motorcycle parked in front of a store.", "a motor bike sits parked in front of a piercing shop", "A motorcycle sitting next to a tattoo parlor."]
["a group of motorcycles next to each other in front of an advertisement", "Seven motorcycles are parked at a motorcycle repair shop.", "A large number of motorcycles that are parked.", "Motorcycles sit on display in front of motorcycle signs.", "Group of motorcycles parked near MOTO Shop sign."]
["A white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a tp dispenser.", "This toilet is equipped with several electronic devices.", "A toilet with an apparatus to the side of it.", "A white high tech toilet with an open seat.", "A electronic toilet plugged into the wall in a small bathroom."]
["A toilet sits next to a window and in front of a shower.", "A bathroom with only a toilet and tub with the wall covered in plastic", "A photograph of a bathroom undergoing some renovations.", "A bathroom being renovated featuring a toilette and shower.", "A bathroom in the middle of a reconstruction phase."]
["A fancy toilet, including a sink on the back and controls on the side.", "A bathroom has a toilet with electronic functions. ", "A toilet with attached sink and a panel of buttons.", "A white electronic toilet sitting in a bathroom.", "A high-tech toilet and integrated sink of the Japanese variety"]
["A small bathroom is pictured in this image.", "A very small bathroom with a pair of slippers on the floor.", "a very small bathroom with a pair of shoes", "Some slippers that have been left in a bathroom.", "A bathroom with slippers facing the toilet. "]
["two people riding motorcycles on a city street ", "a motorcycle driver wearing a strange helmet at stop sign", "Two men on motorcycles next to a stop sign.", "a rider on a chopper with a helmet in the shape of a black skull with spikes", "two people on a ,motorcycle stop at a stop sign"]
["A stone clock tower juts out from the fog below.", "a tall brick tower is in the haze", "A tower with a window surrounded by a fog.", "This is a view of a foggy day in the countryside.", "A church steeple with a clock on the front of it"]
["A woman is seen in the rear view mirror of a motorcycle.", "a man reflected in a rear view mirror of a motorcycle", "A person is sitting on a motorcycle looking in the mirror.", "A man looks at himself in the mirror of a motorcycle.", "A man on a motorcycle is looking in his mirror."]
["Two street signs are shown against more buildings.", "A street intersection somewhere in France near a heritage building.", "The statues are visible past the street signs.", "Gorgeous old buildings and statues at the corner of Rue Saint-Paul and Rue Bonsecours.", "clos up of a street sign with  building background"]
["A bathroom containing a toilet and a sink.", "a bathroom with white tile a sink and a toilet ", "A bathroom with a sink and a toilet", "A dirty bathroom with a sink and toilet.", "a small dirty bathroom with a simple sink "]
["a pink toilet in a small flower patterned bathroom stall", "A bathroom area with a toilet and floral wallpaper.", "a close up of a toilet near a window sil", "The bathroom is decked out with various shades of pink.", "a small bathroor with a toilet inside of it "]
["A desktop computer monitor on a white desk next to books.", "A computer desk with a cup of coffee,,and cookbooks", "There is a coffee cup and water bottle on a desk", "A desk with computer books, pen, and drinks.", "A pen and a piece of paper in front of a computer."]
["A few kittens in a bowl in a white void", "Two small kittens sitting in a glad bowl together. ", "this is two kittens in a glass bowl", "Two tabby kittens are snuggling in a clear glass bowl.", "Two kittens are sitting in a bowl next to each other."]
["A blue toilet bowl in a bathroom that says rabies", "This is a blue toilet that has white graffiti on it", "A blue toilet with the word rabies written on the underside of the toilet seat.", "an image of a blue toilet with the word babies", "Blue toilet in a small restroom with words written on it. "]
["There are three monitors and a laptop on the desk.", "A desk with a laptop and and three computer monitors.", "A computer set up on a desk with three additional monitors", "A photo of someone's desk with a laptop and three screens.", "A wooden desk with four computers on it"]
["a public bathroom with a clock tower in the background", "A photo of an outside toilet on the side of the road.", "A public toilet station under a palm tree with a clock tower in the distance behind it.", "This is an outdoor restroom that is handicap accessible. ", "A green public toilet facility on the street."]
["Two nice motorcycles are parked in the grass", "Two motorcycles leaning on their kickstands on a lawn", "A blue motorcycle parked next to a red motorcycle on a lush green field.", "There are two motorcycles one is blue and the other is red.", "A shiny silver and red motorcycle are parked in the grass."]
["People riding down the street on their bikes. ", "A group of bikers riding bikes down a street.", "Several motorcyclists driving down a street into an intersection. ", "A line of people on motorcycles on a street ", "A line of many motorcycles driving down the road."]
["Brown toned home office with natural and artificial lighting", "A living room with a computer, and leather couches. ", "this office has a couch and also has glass doors", "Personal computer desk room with large glass double doors.", "A monitor screen, printer, couch and chair in the room"]
["A man riding a motorcycle with a child on the back of it.", "Two people riding an all black motorcycle together", "A man and a small child ride a big motorcycle.", "A man and child on a motorcycle wearing helmets. ", "Man and child on a black motorcycle wearing helmets."]
["Two motorcycle riders leaving out on a ride. ", "Two people sitting on a black motorcycle across from other cyclists.", "A large group of people on motorcycles in a parking lot.", "A man sitting on a motorcycle with a girl sitting behind him as others look on.", "A couple of people siting on a motorcycle. "]
["a row of parked vintage motorcycles and bicycles", "Several old bicycles and motorcycles are parked next to a street.", "A couple of bikes and motor bikes parked together.", "a number of motorcycles parked near one another ", "A group of parked motorcycles sitting on top of a garage floor."]
["A laptop computer on a white desk with various office work and two cups beside it. ", "A laptop, mug, cub and paperwork on a desk. ", "An NEC notebook PC is open on a white office desk.", "A laptop is open and sits on a messy desk. ", "A laptop computer that is on a desk."]
["Picture window of Vietnamese restaurant says closed. ", "Window of a restaurant has a logo of a man's head that morphs into a name", "Blue, white and orange sign on a glass window.", "a close up of a business window with print on it", "a window sign for a closed Vietnamese restaurant "]
["A sign for a restaraunt and bar outside", "Red restaurant bar jackpots sign with a blue star.", "The purple neon sign for Jackpots Restaurant and Bar.", "A big sign that says \"Restaurant Bar Jackpots.\"", "Large red sign with white lettering on the side of a building. "]
["A motorcycle parked on the side of the road. ", "A motorcycle parked on the side of the road.", "Blue motorcycle parked outside on the side of the road.", "a motor bike is parked outside on a road", "A motorcycle standing on the edge of a paved road. "]
["Half of a white cake with coconuts on top.", "The coconut cake on a red plate is half gone.", "A half eaten dessert cake sitting on a cake plate.", "A half eaten cake with coconut shavings and creme filling.", "Half of a cake sits on a plate."]
["a restaurant called time to eat on lincoln avenue\n", "a photo of a restaurant with the words 'Time to Eat' over the door. ", "A picture of a resturatant with a person standing outside", "A door to an eatery says \"time to eat\" and features a brick facade with blue trim.", "A building on Lincoln Ave called Time to Eat"]
["A woman is holding a small bunch of fruit.", "A woman with a backpack holding a small bunch of bananas.", "A woman in a forest holding small green bananas.", "A woman surrounded by tall green plants and holding a bunch of small bananas.", "A woman in the woods with a bunch of bananas. "]
["a number of motorcycles in a lot ", "A big parking lot with a very long row of motorcycles.", "A bunch of motor bikes lined up on a street.", "Several motorcycles sit parked on a large patch of pavement.", "Motorcycles outside standing up beside each other. "]
["A group of bikers wait before riding down the street.", "A group of men riding motorcycles down a street.", "Motorcyclists in green vests are parked by the road.", "A group of men on motorcycles are parked together.", "A large parking lot with men sitting on motorcycles ", "a number of people riding motorcycles on a street"]
["A man is sitting on a motorcycle while a young girl looks at a helmet.", "A man is sitting on a motorcycle while a young girl looks at a helmet.", "A young person holding a motorcycle helmet in his hands", "Man with girl preparing to ride motorcycle while parked outside of dealership.", "A girl holds a helmet while a man sits on a parked motorcycle with a sign in the background."]
["A cop riding a motorcycle next to a  white van.", "A male police officer riding a blue and yellow motorcycle.", "A police officer travels along on a checkered motorcycle.", "The police officer is riding a police motorcycle.", "A police office riding a police bike in a city area."]
["A man riding on the back of a motorcycle down a street.", "a person rides on a motor bike as people cheer on", "a man riding a colorful motorcycle down the road ", "A police officer dressed in a uniform riding their bike down the road.", "A policeman riding a motorcycle at a parade "]
["A parked motorcycle in front of a small store.", "A red and black motorcycle sits on a corner near a small store.", "There is a motorcycle parked outside of a store.", "A motorcycle parked at the curb of a shoe store", "A street with a motorcycle parked in front of a store that has a kayak rack on the side."]
["Motorcycles parked curbside in front of a run down repair shop.", "Five motorcycles are parked on the sidewalk in front of a building.", "Several motorcycles that are parked next to each other.", "A row of mopeds parked outside of a building.", "a old building with a few motorcycles parked out front"]
["A motorcycle parked in front of a house.", "The motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk near a building.", "A motorcycle parked in front of a brick building.", "A motorcycle parked outside a building on the walkway.", "A motorcycle parked on a cobblestone sidewalk in front of an old brick building."]
["A danish dessert with frosting that is partially eaten", "A close up of a round pastry topped with icing.", "a delicious donut with white icing on it ", "A frosted donut with a bite taken out.", "a frosted donut with a bite out of it"]
["A gray motorcycle parked in a parking lot.", "The motorcycle is parked next to a car. ", "A classic motorcycle sits parked next to a car.", "An old style motorcycle parked in a gravel parking lot.", "A vintage motorcycle can be seen in a black and white photo."]
["An empty street is lined with large umbrellas. ", "A sidewalk that has umbrellas and vendors on it.", "There is a white umbrella on a street.", "Two umbrellas that are sitting on the sidewalk.", "A cobblestone street has few patrons on it."]
["Person on motorbike  with speed detector showing 26.", "A person on a motorcycle performing a test in front of a radar speed sign.", "A man riding a motorcycle drives across a tarmac. ", "a person riding a motorcycle on an empty lot", "A person that is writing a motorcycle on the street."]
["A black and white cat sitting on top of cabinets.", "A cat perching on top of an open door.", "an image of a cat perched on top of a wooden ledge", "A black and white kitten perched on top of a door.", "a close up of a cat on top of a door "]
["A river with boats docked and houses in the background.", "a body of water with buildings near by", "Building near a body of water and boats.", "A body of water with different kinds of boats on it.", "A body of water with hoses of either side."]
["A dog sitting in front of an open door looking outside.", "A dog standing in front of a doorway.", "a dog looks out an open door at a snowy yard", "Dog standing inside residence looking out into yard.", "A dog looks out an open door at the snowy ground."]
["A wooden bench next to a wall with a wooden door.", "a wooden bench next to a small door", "The building has a spot of blue paint and a bench outside.", "A photo of a white shack with a small door.", "A brown bench sits in front of an old white building."]
["A bed room with bunk beds, a double bed desk and chairs in it.", "A room has a bed, bunk beds, chairs, television, and laptop in it.", "The room has three beds and it is a mess. ", "A living area with multiple beds, a desk and television.", "A very messy bedroom with many items laying all over it."]
["A tall building with a massive clock on it's face.", "A brown city building with a large clock.", "A massive building with a clock at the very top.", "This building looks like it has seen better days.", "A large brick building has a clock on the top."]
["a clock on top of a building indicating that it is eleven o'clock", "a large clock is hanging up on a tower", "Large multiple story building with observation tower above clock ", "A very tall building with a massive clock on it's side.", "A large clock is displayed on a building."]
["A tall building with a lot of windows and a clock. ", "An image of a sky scraper building in the city", "A large building stands in front of a blue sky.", "A gray tiered building features hundreds of windows and a clock high up near the top.", "Looking up at a building with a large face clock near the top."]
["A red painted wall is against a television.", "an image of a living room setting with the tv on", "A red headed man on a television in front of a red wall.", "a tv on a small table with pictures and figurines near by", "A flat scree TV sitting on a wooden stand with an image of a ginger asian person."]
["A close-up of a television on white wall.", "A monitor screen mounted on a wall next to the entrance", "A television showing a boy in a hall mounted on a wall.", "a close up of a wall mounted tv in a room", "Someone on hands and knees displayed on a TV"]
["An old floor standing tv next to a leather couch.", "The living room is empty and the television is turned off.", "a retro style television set a lamp a couch pictures and curtains", "A boxed TV and sofa with a lamp in a room. ", "An old tv is placed next to an outdated leather couch."]
["An airplane landing at a new airport. ", "An airplane flying over a light pole in the air.", "this airplan is flying on a clear day", "a plane flies below a cloudless blue sky", "An airplane flying overhead with the wheels down"]
["a plane flys through the grey sky ", "A large passenger jet surrounded by pink sky.", "There is a plane flying in the sky. ", "A plane is flying across a hazy, pink sky.", "A large airplane flying in the sky with a pink sky "]
["A man in a red shirt standing next to an airplane.", "A man standing next to a small red plane, on display in a field.", "A man stands next to an airplane on display.", "A man standing by a small aircraft at an airshow ", "A man that is standing near a plane in the grass."]
["Two tail ends of American Airlines airplanes at an airport. ", "Two airplanes parked next to each other at an airport.", "The tail sections of two planes that are parked at an airport.", "a group of airplane jets sitting still on a runway next to each other", "An American Airlines plane in back of an airport."]
["A rainbow colored kite next to an airplane in the sky.", "A airplane that is flying near a kite.", "A drawn airplane figure is in the sky with a real airplane. ", "a kite flying in the sky next to an airplane", "a big kite that is flying in the sky with a airplane above it"]
["A plan sitting on top of a sandy beach.", "A view of a mountain is outside of the window of a plane.", "An airplane engine is seen passing a mountain in the distance.", "An awesome blue pastel watercolor background is the backdrop of this picture.", "A valcano from the view of a plane"]
["Three giraffe standing near trees and one eating on a tree.  ", "Two giraffes are standing and staring on the inside of a fenced zoo yard.", "Giraffes in an enclosure standing around doing nothing.", "three giraffes walking  around in a man made pen", "There are three giraffes in a fenced in area."]
["A picture of a street named Bill Robertson", "A stop light that is on a pole.", "Power lines next to a roadway and some traffic signals.", "A red traffic light at an empty intersection.", "an intersection on Bill Robertson street by the entrance for the train station"]
["a group of airplanes waiting on the tarmac", "A number of airplanes parked on an airplane runway.", "The view from a window seat aboard a plane on the tarmac.", "Several planes lined up on a runway during a cloudy day.", "Airplanes are sitting in a row on a runway."]
["A giraffe that is standing behind a tree.", "A giraffe bends down behind a tree in a habitat.", "A giraffe hiding behind a tree at a park. ", "A giraffe bending over near a big pole.", "A giraffe hiding behind a pole standing in the grass."]
["The wing of a plane located in the sky above a sea and city.", "View from a white plane of a city. ", "An airplane flying through a cloudy sky over a city.", "The view from the window of a plane right near the wing.", "A view of a city and a body of water from a plane. "]
["A small plane landing in  a grassy field", "Small airplane just above the ground on a runway facing a forrest. ", "An airplane is flying very close to the ground.", "A single engine plane flying low over a field.", "an image of plane about to take off in the air"]
["A boat dock with two planes floating on the water.", "Three airplanes with floats sitting on the water.", "A small plane is parked in the water by the dock", "Boat planes docked at a sunny marina terminal", "Several single engine planes are making water stops at a pier."]
["some white sheep and a black and white dog and grass", "A sheep being herded by a dog, in the grass.", "a bunch of sheep being herded by a dog ", "a sheep dog herding sheep through a grass field", "A herd of sheep grazing on a lush green field."]
["A city street filled with lots of traffic line with tall buildings.", "Stop lights and traffic at a turn on a street.", "A street with cars driving down and a traffic signal ahead.", "Several vehicles go around the bend on a busy road.", "The cars in the photo are blurry as they travel. "]
["A giraffe standing next to a palm tree on a field.", "Two giraffes and a zebra roam in a preserve area", "One large giraffe in the foreground with another and a zebra in the background", "a giraffe on dirt ground next to a tree ", "The giraffe is standing next to a tall tree."]
["Three people are sitting on a bench in front of a train.", "A couple of men and a woman sitting on a wooden bench.", "Three people watch a train drive by. ", "Three people sitting on bench watching a train go by", "three people are sitting on a bench watching a train go by"]
["a tour boat resting in  the water next to a dock and underneath a bridge", "People walk across a footbridge that stretches over a river. ", "A boat that is parked in a canal is full of benches while a bridge with people crossing is in the background.", "a docked boat sits under neath a bridge ", "A boat with lots of seating is under a bridge with a group of people."]
["Giraffe in its natural habitat snacking on a tree", "a giraffe grazing in the wild eating from a tree ", "A large giraffe standing in a dry brush field.", "an image of a giraffe among trees looking back", "A giraffe standing near a tree in a grassy area."]
["A small propeller airplane flying through a cloudy sky.", "An airplane is flying against a cloudy sky.", "An small airplane flying against gray skies background", "A single engine airplane flies through the cloudy air.", "A single engine prop airplane flying in the sky on a cloudy day."]
["A man sitting on top of a bench next to a bird.", "A man sitting on a bench in the snow with seagulls near him.", "A hooded person sits on a bench beside birds walking through snow.", "A man watches the water while a seagull watches him.", "A man is sitting on a bench with a lot of seagulls."]
["The people are looking at the giraffes in the field.", "A lush green field with two giraffe standing on it.", "a couple of giraffes are standing in a field", "Two people standing near an enclosure containing giraffes", "Children are watching two giraffes fenced in an enclosure."]
["a mirror is on a pole by a light", "A mirror sitting next to a traffic light.", "City buildings are seen reflected in a convex mirror.", "The large mirror is behind a traffic signal.", "The traffic light and mirror are surrounded by high buildings."]
["a red white and black plane parked inside a building ", "An airplane is parked across from a motorcycle in the corner of a hanger.", "A small white and red airplane in a building.", "An N74595 small red and white jet plane in a runway.", "A small plane that is parked in a hanger."]
["Tall large headed giraffe looking out past some trees.", "A giraffe is standing in front of some trees. ", "A giraffe standing with its head among the branches of a tree.", "A giraffes neck and head near a bunch of branches", "A giraffe standing under a several tree branches."]
["The city worker is elevated in a machine attached to a truck.", "A pickup truck with a bucket is holding a man.", "A white utility truck extended next to a tree.", "A man is in a crane attached to a truck.", "A man in a cherry picker fixing a traffic light"]
["Dog trying to pick up an object with its mouth underneath a bench. ", "A young pup is eating food under a bench.", "The dogs is gnawing on a unfamiliar object in rocks.", "A dog in a playground outside during the day.", "A dog finds something to chew on underneath a bench."]
["A grey castle with various towers and windows.", "A 3D picture of a tall brick palace behind traffic lights.", "People standing in front of grey blocked structure.", "an old black and white photo of a large building", "The building is massive and represents an old presence and architecture."]
["Group of pedestrians walking in front of a domestic house. ", "A bus parked at a stop beside a small home", "A woman walks down a suburban sidewalk on a sunny day.", "a woman sits on a bench in front of a house ", "A tan two story house on a street corner."]
["a giraffe is posing for a photo next to a tree.", "A giraffe turns it head on the savannah with trees in the background.", "A giraffe standing by itself in a grassy area. ", "a big giraffe walks through some grass ", "A giraffe looking alert at the camera in a field."]
["A car that is sitting next to a rail car.", "A trolly full of people moving down the tracks as a car goes buy.", "A bus with people on it traveling down the road beside a car ", "A trolley rides on a street next to a car.", "A train on a rail line and a car on the road"]
["A giraffe drinking water from a pond with it's legs spread", "A giraffe spreading its legs wide to get a sip of water.", "A giraffe bending down to drink water in a field.", "A giraffe drinking water from a man made pond.", "A giraffe is drining water at the drinking pond"]
["People on corner with cars on street and stoplight with building", "A busy intersection with two individuals in the median.", "Two people are watching cars pass by the intersection.", "A man and a woman begging on a street corner.", "People who are near a stop light and cars in a parking lot."]
["Large black street light in front of a setting sun.", "A stop light that is hanging on a pole.", "the sun setting into the horizon behind some trees.", "the setting sun right above the trees so everything looks all shadowy", "A traffic light hanging over a street near a forest."]
["A very blurry image of a person sitting on a bench.", "A person sitting on a bench in front of a passing bus.", "A person sitting on a bench with a phone near a train.", "A reflection in the glass partially obscures a woman sitting on a bench by a bus.", "A person sitting on a bench near a train as seen through a window."]
["The sign is in clear view by the traffic lights. ", "A Juice Theory sign is near a red traffic light. ", "The bright sign is hanging next to the traffic signal.", "A sign on a electrical post that is about juice.", "A sign reading \"Juice Theory\" near a traffic light."]
["A group of young kids petting a couple of giraffe.", "A woman is taking a picture of a giraffe, as it licks a childs hand.  ", "A woman takes pictures of children feeding the giraffes. ", "Two giraffes being petted by a child as a woman takes photos.", "People are amazed at the giraffe's long black tongue."]
["A tall giraffe stands alone close to woods.", "The giraffe stands alone outside in the grass.", "A giraffe in grassy area with trees in the background.", "a giraffe standing in a green field with trees.", "The giraffe is standing in a green field bounded by tall, lush trees."]
["a close up picture of a giraffes head", "A close-up of a giraffe face is seen from the side.", "An up close picture of a giraffe with its eyes open", "Brown and white graffiti standing in front of trees. ", "a close up head shot of a giraffe"]
["A group of children on bus posing for camera", "There are many people sitting by a window.", "A black and white shot show blinds that do not cover a pair of  facility-style windows , and right inside them, a horizontal rail, a pair of women, not facing outside, and a pair of small boys that are touching the rail and looking out.  ", "Black and white photo of people standing on a bus or subway.", "An old photo of several people on a train."]
["Giraffes in a zoo and a measuring stick ", "A couple of adult giraffes walking around their den at the zoo", "A giraffe is standing in an enclosure in the zoo.", "two giraffes in an enclosure at a zoo", "two giraffes are walking around their pen at the zoo"]
["A park bench with two stones piled on top of each other", "A set of rocks are balanced on a park bench.", "A close-up of two stacked rocks on of green bench.", "A rock balanced on another rock on a park bench.", "THERE ARE ROCKS ON THE BENCH OUTSIDE ON IT "]
["The school bus is remodeled with bright paint.", "A small yellow school bus with a rack of shirts next to it.", "a school bus having a colorful shirt sale", "a school bus with a sign that says short bus with a rack of shirts and potted plants in front of it", "A school bus with writings on it and colorful shirts next to it."]
["A red VW bus parked on the side of a road.", "An old Volkswagen bus parked next to the curb.", "A beat up orange van is parked by the curb.", "a red van is parked by a curb", "An old red VW van sitting on the street"]
["Some people that are sitting on a bench.", "Two people sitting on top of a green bench next to a lake.", "A couple sitting on a bench near a pond in fall.", "a couple sitting by the lake in the fall", "A couple sits on a park bench and looks at the water."]
["A city bus has graffiti on the side of it", "A parking area that has steel beams overhead, and a city bus that has graffiti on the side of it.", "A bus covered in graffiti driving past a tall building.", "A bus with graffiti painted on it is parked in a lot.", "A bus is spray painted with colorful graphics."]
["A pair of giraffe walking around in a zoo exhibit.", "Two giraffes wander around in an enclosure. ", "Giraffes looking over fence of naturalistic zoo enclosure.", "A couple of giraffes in their zoo enclosure", "A giraffe looking away from the camera in the outdoors."]
["The view of a traffic light through a car windshield.", "Traffic and street lights against a pale blue sky", "A stop light with a blue and white sky as the background.", "Two red stoplights that are attached to a pole.", "A red stoplight with a street light above it."]
["A scene from the zoo with giraffes in an enclosure", "Some giraffes walk and sit among trees and water.", "A giraffe habitat in a zoo with a small pond ", "Some giraffes are standing around in the grass.", "A group of giraffes standing in a grassy area next to a pond."]
["A multi colored bus with people loading it", "The dodger stadium express bus with people boarding", "A bus parked at a bus stop in a city with tall buildings.", "PEOPLE BOARDING A BUS PARKED ON A STREET.", "People getting onto a stadium bus on a sunny day"]
["Two bicyclists sitting on a bench with a forest background.", "A couple of mountain bikers sitting on a bench in front of a forest.", "a man and woman sitting on a bench", "A couple is sitting on a bench overlooking a mountainside.", "A couple of people sitting on a park bench next to some bicycles."]
["a couple of sheep walking across a grass covered field.", "Two sheep play in the middle of a rocky slope.  ", "Some sheep climb on a rocky and grassy hill.", "Two sheep walking down a grass and rocky hill.", "Two sheep running down a grassy and rocky hill. "]
["Roadway intersections in urban area near waterway with bridge.", "A car that is driving on the road.", "A compact car stopped at a suburban intersection.", "A car is stopped at a ramp leading to a highway.", "A single car on a roadway merging with a highway."]
["A toy horse is sitting on a sidewalk next a fire hydrant.", "A small toy horse is standing on the side of the street.", "A SMALL TOY HORSE ON THE SIDE WALK", "little toy horse on the sidewalk beside a yellow fire hydrant", "A mini horse figurine sitting on the sidewalk facing the street."]
["A young boy with a downed kite on a string", "A young boy looks at his kite in the grass.", "a child standing in a street near a fire hydrant ", "A child plays with a fallen kite next to a yellow fire hydrant.", "a young boy holding a remote and standing next to a firehydrant"]
["A wooden bench sitting on a lush green park.", "A park bench faces in the direction of rolling hills.", "A wooden park bench overlooking a grassy cemetery", "Black and brown park bench overlooking a tree covered hill. ", "A bench looks peaceful in a mountain cemetary."]
["An worn out rainbow colored park bench seat", "A slatted park bench that appears to be painted with the colors of the rainbow in the sun and shade.", "A bench in a park with the back slats painted in rainbow colors.", "A wooden bench on a pavement in the city", "The bench is painted brightly with rainbow colors."]
["A man sitting at a bus stop on a green bench", "An orange and silver bus stopped at a bus top.", "A person on a bench and a large bus.", "A man sitting on a bench waiting to get a ride from a bus. ", "The man is waiting in the bus and he looks sleep."]
["A silver and green fire hydrant next to rows of flowers.", "A ugly fire hydrant surrounded by colorful flowers.", "very nice flowers of different colors in avases", "a close up of a fire hydrant near many flowers", "A fire hydrant is surrounded by colorful flowers."]
["Two buses driving by people in a city.", "a group of people standing by the side of the road waiting for a bus to pull up ", "Many people wait alongside the road used by two buses.", "A crowd of people with a boy directing a bus on a street.", "The large crowd of people stand on a sidewalk."]
["A red white and blue fire hydrant on the sidewalk.", "a red white and blue fire hydrant at the curb", "A red, white and blue fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.", "This fire hydrant is painted three different colors.", "a fire hydrant on the corner of a city street"]
["Man sitting outside in a blue coat about to stand up from lawn bench.", "A man sits outside a building at night.", "A big guy posing next to a building.", "a person sitting on a bench outdoors at night", "A man in a black coat sitting on a bench at night."]
["A mother sheep feeding her baby on a lush green field.", "Two sheep have the number fourteen on them.", "A lamb drinks milk from its mother ewe.", "Someone has spray painted the number 14 on both of those sheep.", "A lamb is feeding from it's mother in the grass."]
["A flock of sheep walking down a road with a man and young girl. ", "Man herding sheep down a street with a child in front of the herd", "A small child and an adult lead a large group of sheep down the road. ", "A man and a little girl walking with a herd of goats down a road through scrubland", "A flock of sheep is led down a rural road"]
["A flock of sheep are grazing in their pasture.", "A group of sheep stands around grazing in a field", "Some beige and black sheep are grazing in the grass.", "Sheep grazing in a grassy plains land area", "Four white sheep are grazing in a field."]
["a bird standing on a tree limb next to its nest", "A bird with a large crest standing on a branch ", "There is a bird sitting on its nest", "A bird perched on top of a wooden tree branch.", "A bird preening its feathers in a nest"]
["A small red fire hydrant in grassy field.", "A water faucet in a tall set of grass.", "An old metal water hydrant in a weedy field.", "A faucet in the ground surrounded by grass. ", "There is a fire hydrant sitting in the grass."]
["A red fire hydrant with two red poles beside it.", "A red fire hydrant with two red buffer poles.", "a red fire hydrant is between a couple of poles", "A red fire hydrant with a black top in between two metal pillars on a side walk. ", "A red fire hydrant with two red poles on each side of it. "]
["A bus that is sitting on a sidewalk.", "A blue double decker bus parked in front of a tall building.", "A double-decker bus in the parking lot of a grand hotel with a palm-lined entrance.", "a blue double decked bus passing by some trees", "There is a double decker bus near a line of palms."]
["A baby giraffe standing next to an adult giraffe.", "Two giraffes are in a cage drinking from the fountain.", "two  small and big giraffes looking outside through a door", "An adult giraffe and a baby giraffe caged in. ", "A couple of giraffes are standing in a pin"]
["A blue bike parked next to a red fire hydrant.", "A bike next to a rail and a fire hydrant. ", "A bicycle is parked next to a fire hydrant.", "The bike is chained up and parked next to the fire hydrant. ", "A blue bicycle parked next to a fire hydrant."]
["A fire hydrant sitting on the side of the road.", "A red and white fire hydrant is the focus of this picture.", "A fire hydrant on the sidewalk is next to a window.", "A red and white fire hydrant is shown on the side walk.", "A sidewalk area that has a red and white fire hydrant on the sidewalk, in front of a brick building."]
["A fire hydrant painted so that it has a face on it.", "a green black white yellow red fire hydrant", "A fire hydrant painted to resemble a nut cracker figure.", "A fire hydrant painted to look like a soldier.", "Fire hydrant decorated as a smiling costumed figure. "]
["a pole that has a sign attached to it", "a \"use crosswalk\" sign on a post in front of a rain-covered street", "A street sign on a pole beside the street. ", "A view of a street sign that give walking instructions", "The cross walk warning sign on the pole is bent. "]
["a public transit bus on a city street", "A public transport bus heading to and.or from Manchester.  ", "A brown city bus number 10 to Manchester", "The orange bus is driving down the street.", "An orange bus driving past an intersection where a van is stopped."]
["Three giraffes that are standing in the grass.", "Three giraffes stand by a small river or pond in a wildlife enclosure. ", "a big group of giraffes that are standing around", "Three giraffes that are walking in an enclosure. ", "Two larger giraffes look onto baby giraffes by small river"]
["a busy street with a lot of cars on it", "A street with traffic running along side a traffic light.", "A very long busy city street with some cars.", "Busy street with a sign reading \"SHARE THE ROAD\" with a bicycle image above it.", "Roadway intersection with traffic in city on foggy day."]
["Two giraffe standing next to each other on a lush green field.", "A couple of giraffe laying down in the grass.", "Two giraffes sitting in a green field on a sunny day.", "Two giraffes lying together in a grassy field.", "Two captive giraffes lay together in a sunny field. "]
["A traffic light with a couple of green street signs mounted to it's sides.", "a street sign with a walking sign on it", "A don't walk sign is hanging underneath a street named Mermaid.", "A crosswalk is giving the sign to not walk.", "A street pole at the corner of Stillwell and Mermaid Avenue with a crossing light on the sign."]
["A man sitting under a stop sign on the side of street.", "A man plays the trumpet by a stop sign.", "A man on a scooter sits beside a stop sign.", "The man is sitting on the corner of the street", "A person sitting on the corner underneath a stop sign."]
["An expressway sign is informing of how much further to the next destination.", "A large green freeway sign sitting on the side of a road.", "A green mileage sign along a wooded road.", "A sign that is by the grass in a streets.", "A big road sign listing three different locations"]
["A giraffe standing in an open field next to some rocks.", "A giraffe and another animal are standing on the grass.", "A giraffe and a dear like animal are standing in a grassy field.", "A giraffe and another animal near some big rocks.", "A giraffe and a wildebeest in a rocky field."]
["These are a few animals out in a field. ", "Several sheep grazing near a fence on a grassy hill.", "Sheep wandering in a hilly meadow with their young", "A herd of wooly sheep on a grassy hill side.", "A flock of sheep walking along a hillside."]
["A large blue bird standing on top of a rock.", "A bird standing on the rocks in front of water.", "a beautiful blue bird with a topknot that looks like a peacock", "a small blue bird is standing on a rock", "The colorful peacock is standing outside by itself."]
["Dude on horseback leads herd of sheep with two dogs", "A herd of animals following a man on a horse.", "A man riding a horse next to a herd of sheep.", "A herd of sheep and a person on a horse.", "A man on a horse leading a herd of sheep"]
["Two birds sitting on top of a branch on a tree.", "Two birds perched on a  tree looking for food", "Two birds hanging out on the branch of a pine tree.", "A bird sitting on the branch of a pine tree.", "THERE ARE TWO BIRDS IN THE TREE "]
["A couple of giraffes being feed by people at the zoo.", "A giraffe in a zoo sticking out its tongue at some children.", "A giraffe tries to reach out and lick a young child.", "People are leaning over the fence to pet the giraffes.\n", "A group of children are feeding an animal."]
["Street sign showing \"Pete Rose Way\" at an intersection.", "A street sign named after a professional athlete.", "Some street signs on the corner of to joining streets.", "a couple of green street signs on a pole", "picutre of the street signs at Pete Rose Way and Broadway"]
["A beautiful sunset occurs next to a stadium.", "A city street beside a stadium at sunset.", "a street with a bunch of cars parked in a line", "an empty street with parked cars on the side", "A STADIUM SITS ALONG SIDE A CITY STREET"]
["One way signs at N 11 St and Brewers Row near a brick building.", "There is a street pole with many different signs on it", "Street signs are on a pole next to a building.", "A brick building stands in the background near a cluster of street signs on a pole.", "Street signs on a pole with a large building in the background."]
["A restaurant filled with customers sitting at tables.", "A busy oyster bar is full of sitting customers as the bartender stands behind the bar wearing a white apron.", "Patrons sitting at bar of seafood restaurant being served by employee behind the bar.", "Customers seated at the bar of an oyster restaurant.", "A couple of people at a deli restaurant."]
["A metal street pole with a street sign hanging off the side of it.", "A close up of a street sign with an apartment building in the background.", "A building hiding beyond a stop sign and street sign.", "A street sign in New York saying, \"5 Av Museum Mile\"", "An intersection of a city as the signs guide the way."]
["A close up of two street sings above the back of a stop sign.", "A couple of street signs posted above a stop sign.", "A street sign that has two street names on it and a building in the background.", "Street signs tell the names of two streets.", "There are two street signs on top of a stop sign."]
["poles wires street signs and a Chinese restaurant", "There are many signs near the telephone poles.", "A street sign in Los Angeles letting you know you're in Chinatown. ", "Street signs point the way to Chinatown and the Pasadena Freeway.", "a street filled with poles and signs with power lines running parallel"]
["A corner of a building contains a large red sign.", "A street sign on the side of a building.", "Two red street signs are posted on a building. ", "A street corner with two street signs in French.", "The corner of a brick building with two signs on the side."]
["A sign for a dancing club is hanging from a building.", "there is a old street sign that says matador dancing on it", "A sigh advertising a dancing club is present. ", "A sign that is in the sky next to a wire.", "A sign hanging off the side of a building."]
["Several birds stand and lay near the water.", "Birds standing and sitting in the sand near the ocean.", "Several birds that are standing on some concrete.", "A small flock of birds stand beside a mooring line.", "A group of birds in the sand by the water."]
["A street post with a one way sign and street name sign along with holiday decorations.", "A 6th Street light pole is decorated for Christmas.", "Street sign decorated with bell shaped garland for Christmas.", "A light post with a Christmas decoration hanging from it.", "A Christmas decoration is on a light post."]
["A street sign that is on the side of the road.", "A street sign with an image of a shop behind it.", "A close up image of a street sign in daylight. ", "A picture of a road sign that says Branch St. 200 N.", "Street corner with close up of Branch St. sign."]
["A street sign leaned over with the words High Gate Avenue on it.", "The street sign pole is slanted to one side.", "A black sign is hanging on a street pole", "A pole with a street sign near a hill, grass snd trees. ", "A street sign is leaning over with trees and a hill in the background."]
["Street sign on the corner of Maciel Ln and Wonder Stump Rd.", "Two green street signs in front of trees and a blue sky. ", "A sign post with signs that read \"Maciel Ln\" and \"Wonder Stump Rd\".", "A streetsign with one side pointing to Maciel and the other pointing towards Wonderstump.", "A street sign that reads wonder stump and Maciel street sign"]
["A carpet with various items that includes shoes, clothing and toiletries.", "A rug covered in lots of items and personal belongings.", "Many accessories lying on a purple blanket in the floor. ", "A variety of items on a blanket on the floor. ", "Sneakers, laptop, clothes and bags of toiletries laid out on the rug"]
["The Samsung building on the corner of La Brea Ave.", "A blue and white sign on a street post. ", "A street sign tops a pole in front of a several story building.", "A street sign for La Brea Ave. outside of a multi story building.", "This is a road sign for La Brea Ave "]
["A road sign on the side of a road.", "a black and yellow sign a road a hill and some bushes", "A yellow diamond shape sign indicating duck crossing. ", "A roadway with green foliage on the side and a sign that says \"Nene Crossing\".", "A sign warning the crossing of birds on a road. "]
["A street sign on the side of of a wooded area.", "A black pole has a street sign on it.", "a black and white street sign on a black pole and some trees", "A post with Olmsted sign and trees and shrubs.", "A pole sitting on the side of a road near a forest."]
["A metal pole with street signs attached to it's sides.", "a number of street signs on a pole with a sky background", "Group of street signs on top of each other on metal pole. ", "A pole with multiple street signs on it ", "A view of a street sign many different signs on it."]
["A street sign sitting above a speed limit sign.", "A street sign above a speed limit sign on a rural street.", "A speed limit sign on the side of a neighborhood street", "A 20mph speed limit sign at a tree lined intersection", "The speed limit on the tree filled road is 20 miles per hour."]
["An overhead view of a railroad track with a train passing by", "an image of a train running down the track ", "A picture of traintracks with one traintrack with a train on it.", "This is an image of a train on tracks.", "A large freight train driving along a lush green forest."]
["The yellow mustang car is sitting on the side of the sign.", "Behind a sign for Smitty's Market, a yellow sports car.", "a yellow car sits parked behind a sign", "A car sitting behind a white billboard sign", "A yellow vehicle is right next to a Market Inc. sign. "]
["Orange streetcar stopped at a pick up point along a line.", "a yellow bus that is a trolly car", "An orange trolley traveling down a city street.", "an orange trolley car sitting on the side of the road", "The street trolley car is painted bright yellow."]
["A bird floating on top of a body of water.", "A duck in a pond during a sunny day.", "a bird with a long beak swimming on the surface of a body of water.", "A swan with a long beak sits in the river while looking down.", "A bird with a large bill is in clear water."]
["A picture of an open air zone that looks incredible.\n", "A street sign to Mahatma Gandhi Plaza and Herbert Street.", "a pole with two street signs on it ", "Two street signs hanging from a pole with the sky in the background", " a street pole on the side of a road on herbert ave"]
["a close up of a street sign with a moon in the background", "A sign has the word York on it in front of a half moon. ", "A sign with the word York posted on a green stand with a crescent moon in the background. ", "A street sign that says York next to a crescent moon.", "A street sign posed by  a blood moon eclipse at night."]
["A blue and yellow colored bird perches on a tree branch.", "A bird sitting on a branch of a tree. ", "A blue bird is sitting in the branch of a tree. ", "A bird sits on a branch in a tree. ", "A blue bird sitting on a branch of a tree."]
["An Amtrak train traveling under a train bridge.", "A train on the tracks under a bridge.", "A passenger train crossing over a railroad bridge on a cloudy day.", "A railroad train traveling through an  overpass ", "A train travels underneath a very old bridge."]
["A metal pole with two blue street signs mounted two the top of it.", "A street sign stands on the 8500 west block of Hollywood boulevard.", "The two street signs have a turquoise color. ", "A blue sign that is attached to a pole.", "A blue street sign marks Hollywood Boulevard. "]
["A large street direction sign in Tokyo Japan.", "Urban street signs in Tokyo at night time", "Tokyo metal street signs next to a building.", "Street signs on a city street in Tokyo.", "Four signs hanging in a row are the forefront of a glazed glass luxury building in a city."]
["A couple of dogs standing and laying on top of a deck.", "A dog examining another dog with a Santa Claus hat on.", "One dog is sniffing the other dog ", "A dog wearing a santa hat and a dog wearing a handkerchief.  ", "A dog sniffing another dog wearing a hat"]
["street scene with marquee nearest advertising musical shows", "A marquee sign showing performers Best Coast and Love Music is displayed outside.", "Some people on a side walk by some metal gates .", "a few people walking beside some buildings in the rain", "A couple of men guarding the front entrance of a theater."]
["People are standing in front of a building across the street from the western sign ", "A fallen street sign near a crowd of people across the street.", "A view of a sign that says Western Av,but its sideways and on the ground.", "A knocked over traffic light laying by the side of a road.", "A suitcase on the side of the street."]
["A duck swimming on a lake next to other ducks.", "Several colorful birds are swimming in green-tinted water.", "A couple of ducks float near a school of fish. ", "A close-up of two ducks swimming with fish.", "A group of ducks swim in water that is shared with gold fish."]
["A street sign that is on the side of a pole.", "Lights, signs, people and cars on Santa Monica Blvd.", "This is an intersection at night with a street sign reading \"Santa Monica Blvd.\"", "Pedestrian and car traffic on the corner of Santa Monica Blvd at night", "Street post with large blue sign sitting on top of it. "]
["the signs on the post are warnings for vehicles.", "A Habitation in Vehicles Prohibited sign on a street pole.", "a street sign saying there is no parking at night ", "Street signs warning people attached to a lamp post. ", "An unusual street sign is posted here on this pole."]
["A close-up of a hawk with a group of people in the background.", "a close up of a bird flying thru the air with people in the background", "A falcon flies in front of an enraptured crowd", "A hawk flying in front of a large group of people.", "A bird us flying by a group if people warching"]
["The image shows a leafy backdrop with  part of a fence and a smiling woman, and an eagle swooping, improbably, from right above. ", "A woman watches as a bald eagle flies by her.  ", "Woman smiling while watching a bald eagle fly near.", "A bald eagle that is flying over a woman.", "A woman smiling for a picture, with a eagle above her."]
["A mostly empty train station with two trains ready to depart.  ", "A train statino with people walking in the train station ", "A midway walking area at a train station.", "Two trains are on tracks in a commuter strain station with people standing on the platform between them.", "A family walks to their train in a nearly empty, cavernous railway station"]
["there is a sheep behind a fence standing in the snow", "a sheep standing on a snowy ground with very long horns", "A sheep standing with his behind to a fence in the snow.", "a animal standing in some snow next to a wire fence", "A Goat next to a fence in the cold."]
["A long necked bird with long legs by a swampy marsh.", "A large long neck bird standing next to a large pond.", "The black bird with a long neck stands near water.", "There is a bird standing near some water.", "A heron is standing on the edge of a body of water."]
["A group of people standing on the outside of a building.", "A group of people on a bus stop waiting for the bus", "A group of people are standing at the bus stop.", "A group of people waiting for a bus to come.", "People are standing around a bus stop on the sidewalk."]
["A large grey and yellow bird floating on a lake.", "A pelican is floating in water with its beak pointing downward.", "A yellow headed bird with a large beak swimming in the water.", "A female pelican appears to look demurely at the camera as she floats atop the water. ", "A bird with a long neck and long bill swimming."]
["A model train on a model bridge decorated with christmas lights.", "A black and white toy train passing over a wooden bridge.", "A model train that is going over a small bridge with Christmas lights on it.", "A large long train on a steel track.", "A train on a track going under a trellis. "]
["A group of ducks floating on top of a lake.", "A duck and baby ducks in the water.", "A mother duck with its ducklings in water", "A family of ducks swim through the water.", "A group of ducks in a lake swimming together."]
["Traffic lights next to traffic signs on a bridge.", "A bunch of signs in highland park. Both light are red.", "a lot of street signs and traffic lights with a sky background", "A train track area is full of lights and signs.", "an image filled with various street signs and stop signs"]
["a tall tower next to a train track", "A tower that is next to a train.", "An old historic tower located in the jungle.", "a lighthouse in a model train set display", "A tall brick tower sitting next to a forest."]
["A skyscraper reflecting the blue sky near a street lamp", "A street sign in front of a tall building. ", "A street sign hanging off the side of a steel pole.", "A city street sign with the name of a president on it.", "Someone takes a picture of an office building from the street"]
["A group of birds foraging in a grassy field.", "Three birds with there heads down in a field.", "Three white birds with long beaks and skinny legs walking through grass.", "A group of birds walking through the grass.", "A group of white birds walking in grass next to a tree."]
["A duck walking along a paved road next to a patch of grass.", "A close up of a duck walking on a path.", "a duck walks along a cement patch while looking down", "A white duck out of water, walking on the ground. ", "A goose standing in the road, looking at the ground."]
["A western square sign on top of two wooden poles.", "A tall sign indicates a name of a shopping center and the businesses it contains.", "A large neon sign at a market square", "A grouping of signs under a blue sky.", "A large sign that shows \"Western Square\" as well as other words."]
["A bunch of very cute signs hanging by a business.", "there are many different beer signs along this building", "A bar lined with three different beer signs.", "A restaurant with Heineken, Stella Ariqis and Guiness  signs outside.", "some signs showing different types of beer on the wall"]
["A stoplight and a street sign in California.", "A traffic light reads red in front of the \"Hollywood\" sign.", "The hollywood sign off in the distance behind a traffic light.", "A traffic signal on Santa Monica Boulevard near the Hollywood sign.", "A shot of the Hollywood sign at Santa Monica Blvd."]
["Unique blue sign hanging from a light post. ", "two street signs some telephone poles and trees", "There is a sign stating that there is a scenic drive.", "a wooden pole with street signs by some trees", "A telephone pole with two street signs on it."]
["A highway sign posted on a pole next to a street sign.", "A highway sign and a street sign give travelers directions.", "Two street signs affixed to two tall wooden poles.", "Close up of two different signs for streets. ", "Several signs are on a street post during the day."]
["A bird is sitting on a berry bush.", "A blue bird with a berry in it's mouth", "A blue bird sits on a branch and eats berries.", "A bird on a branch eating a berry.", "A bird perched in a green leaf filled tree."]
["A parrot flying through a tree filled forest.", "A yellow and white birtd is in flight.", "A white bird spreads its wings among tree limbs.", "A bird is jumping off of a branch.", "A white bird in the air with wings outstretched."]
["Two multicolored birds perched on a wooden branch.", "A colorful bird perched on top of a tree branch.", "a colorful bird sits on a piece of wood ", "Large multicolored parrots sitting on a tree in a forest.", "Two colorful birds are on a broken branch."]
["Street signs at the corner of Wadsworth and Amherst", "The sign is pointing towards different roads in different directions.", "A lap post in front of a building that reads \"Wadsworth St\".", "The street signs are outside of a building.", "A street corner with the signs of streets Wadsworth and Amherst is shown."]
["A city street sign near some very big palm trees.", "A close shot of a blue Echo street sign. ", "a street sign next to several palm trees.", "there is a blue street sign on a silver pole ", "A street sign that is on the top of a pole."]
["A person standing on a loading platform next to a  train.", "A very long nice looking train by a platform.", "a train that is in some kind of tunnel", "A man that is standing near a train on the rails.", "A man stands on the platform with his back turned to the train."]
["A train covered in graffiti sitting on top of train tracks.", "a train so much decorated moving on a railway line", "A train or subway sitting on the tracks ", "A train has painting on the lower half.", "Graffiti covers a wall next to a fence on the road."]
["a close up of graffiti written on a train", "A large train with windows and some graffiti on the side.", "Spraypaint tag on the side of a commuter train car at a station.", "a silver and gray train car with some graffiti on it", "Graffiti art work painted on the side of train."]
["signs in an asian language on the side of a building", "A narrow road with many store signs hanging off buildings.", "A cold day in an Asian part of the world.", "A narrow foreign street has lots of overhead signs.", "A narrow city street with signs in Chinese Characters."]
["A train in a station with people walking towards and off of it. ", "A train traveling down tracks with a tent piece of metal attached to the front of it.", "A train sits on tracks at a train station", "Multiple train tracks and a train on one of them.", "A train sits on the tracks while people stand near by."]
["A street sign located just below two large high rise hotels.", "A pole with two signs that read Kalakau and Paoakalani Avenue.", "A green city lamp post with street signs.", "Street signs at the corner of Kalakaua and Paoakalani avenue.", "There are two street signs in front of two tall buildings."]
["A white and blue train with various graffiti on it.", "a close up of a train with graffiti written on it", "A train on a train track with graffiti on it. ", "A railroad train that has graffiti on the side of it", "A train car with purple and grey graffiti covering windows"]
["A street crossing with a street sign for Mulholland and a no-U-turn sign.", "Street intersection with traffic light and No U-turn sign.", "An almost empty intersection on a beautiful sunny day. ", "A traffic light is shown on a street that isn't busy.", "A traffic signal on the pole directs traffic"]
["a blue sign in the sidewalk of a walking trail", "A blue sign pointing to the right in a green field.", "a blue sign in front of leafy green trees", "A blue street sign sitting on the side of a road.", "a sign attached to a metal pole sitting in the grass"]
["Woman waiting at end of curb for train to open its doors.", "A woman with a handbag near a train.", "A woman standing next to a graffiti covered train.", "a female in a black shirt and some graffiti on the side of a train", "a girl entering a train waiving goodbye during the day."]
["A silver passenger train traveling down train tracks.", "A silver train is stoped behind a fence", "A train on a track  across from security fence.", "A metro train is running down the tracks.", "A train stopped at the platform as seen through a green chainlink fence."]
["An image of a stationary canadien train behind a fence. ", "A train on the tracks behind a fence.", "Train tracks in the background taken from behind a fence.", "This is image does not have photo attached to it so not sure what to write here", "A train runs on rails, visible through a fence."]
["An intersection with a street sign, a person and a stop sign", "This is a city street with a street sign.", "A Pico Bl street sign tilting to the left.", "A slanted view of a sign at the side of the road that says \"Pico 3400 BI W\" and the back of a stop sign with graffiti.", "A street sign and graffiti on the back of a stop sign."]
["A person hangs off the side of a passenger train.", "A smiling woman is looking out of a train.", "a woman is on a train with half of her body out.", "A woman looking out of a moving train.", "A woman peering off the back of a train car."]
["A train covered with graffiti moves along an urban track.", "A train traveling down a track in the middle of the day. It's covered in graffiti.", "A train covered in graffiti parked on the tracks.", "A blue and white train with graffiti painted on it", "a red green blue and white train and tracks"]
["A red stop sign and some tall grass.", "A stop sign near a bed of tall grass.", "A stop sign behind some tall grass on a cloudy day.", "There is a stop sign behind the grass. ", "A red stop sign drawn on a white fabric with small branches."]
["A train covered in graffiti sitting on top of  train tracks.", "A parked passenger train car is covered in graffiti.", "The passenger train car is sprayed painted on it's side. ", "a train with some writting on it is on some tracks", "part of a train with some graffiti on it"]
["A man hanging his face out of a train window.", "a man sticking his head out of train with another train to its side.", "A man sticks his head out of a train window.", "A man peeking his head out of a train while its stopped.", "Man riding a train looking out of a window."]
["I stop sign that has another sign below it warning that traffic doesn't stop.", "A red stop sign sitting on top of a metal pole near a sidewalk.", "The stop sign is clearly visible for all of us to see. ", "A stop sign with an opposing traffic does not stop sign below it.", "Stop sign and opposing traffic does not stop sign along the road."]
["A red stop sign sitting on the side of a road.", "A stop sign next to the word stop on the pavement.", "A corner of the street with a stop sign and cars parked.", "A stop sign at a corner of crossroads", "A stop sign with some trees in the background"]
["A stop sign with a suggestive sticker below it.", "A sign near a Best Buy store that says Stop Pooping.", "A stop sign sitting in front of cars and trucks parked in the parking lot of a store.", "A Stop Pooping sign posted in a Best Buy parking lot.", "A red stop sign sitting on top of a metal pole."]
["A long large train on a steel track.", "A train is next to an overhead terminal building.", "A view from inside of a train viewing another train pass it.", "a passenger train speeding by another one going in a different direction ", "A train going fast on the train tracks. "]
["A red stop sign in front of a small house surrounded by palm trees.", "There is a house in front of palm trees with a stop sign in the front.", "A street with the word STOP painted in white.", "A stop sign painted on a neighbourhood street", "A neighborhood intersection has stop painted on the street."]
["A train on tracks in a city with high rises.", "A number of train tracks with a train on one of them", "The train comes through the city at dusk.", "A train going down a track into a city area.", "A large long train on a track near some tall buildings."]
["An aerial shot shows tropical foliage, surrounding an upscale home, a sea inlet and a train rushing under a tunnel that goes beneath the foliage. ", "A train entering a tunnel next to the ocean.", "A train passes under a tunnel next to a beach ", "A large long train on a steel track.", "A train going into a tunnel beside the beach."]
["A plethora of stop signs sitting in a storage area.", "A bunch of red stop signs sitting next to each other.", "This group of stop signs has black padding around the edges.", "A close up of a dozen stop sign stacked together.", "a bunch of stop signs on the side of a street "]
["Multiple stop signs standing and leaning on a construction site.", "A group of stop signs are piled together.", "Many stop signs sit on the road tipped over. ", "A bunch of stop signs all lined up and some falling over.\n", "A plethora of stop signs in a storage area."]
["A black sedan parked in the street with a building in a modern architectural style in the background.", "A black car parked in front of parking meter with a building in background.", "Cars parked along the side walk with street signs in the background.", "The cars are parked on the side of the road.", "Those cars are all parked along the curb."]
["Black and white image of a person doing parking meter collections.", "A woman walking with a bag of luggage near a parking meter.", "A man emptying the pay to park meters.", "A man emptying a parking meter beside a van.", "A person checking a parking meter next to a mini van."]
["A view of train tracks and a train.", "Picture of a train taken from a passengers perspective.", "A picture taken of a passing train from the window of another train.", "A train sitting on a set of tracks.", "A train passes by another train in the middle of the day"]
["A parking meter with a zone 3 sticker on it.", "Black parking meter on sidewalk in urban street setting.", "A parking meter with a zone three sticker on it.", "A very dark colored parking meter with a red sticker on it.", "a parking meter with a red zone 3 tag"]
["A man ina  yellow rain coat waits in the rain", "A person in a rain coat is feeding the meter", "A man wearing a yellow parka inserting coins into a parking meter.", "A person in a  yellow rain jacket standing next to a  parking meter.", "The individual is putting money into the parking meter. "]
["People try to pay a parking meter with a sign in front of it.", "A couple of people operating a parking meter.", "A woman putting coins into a parking meter.", "A woman and a man standing at the parking meter with people behind them. ", "People standing next to a pay phone and street sign outside. "]
["a blue and white three wheeler truck  and two men", "A truck missing the side door is going down the street.", "A man driving a blue and white delivery truck.", "A street scene with a man driving a blue truck.", "Blue delivery truck being driven by man down street."]
["A couple of trucks parked under palm trees.", "A truck sits in front of a tree line", "Tow trucks are picking up cars after an accident.", "Two flatbed two trucks are by the road, one with a car loaded.", "Several vehicles and people in the grass on the side if the road."]
["A big brown dog sitting in the back of a red truck.", "Golden lab with smile sitting in the bed of a red pickup truck.", "A golden retriever is sitting in the bed of a red truck.", "A brown dog riding in the bed of a truck.", "A golden retriever sitting in the bed of a red pick up truck."]
["A truck is shown with a group of dogs laying down.", "A black truck with dog kennel on its bed and dogs in field.", "A truck and some dogs sitting on a grass field.", "Three dogs are laying in the grass by a truck.", "a group of dogs lounging next to a truck full of crates"]
["A blue truck pulling a load of unripe bananas.", "Two men riding in the back of a truck that is carrying bananas.", "A blue and red trucks with people and bananas in the bed.", "People are riding in the back of a long truck.", "Men in rear of truck transporting large bunches of fruit."]
["A green truck cake sitting on top of a table.", "A brown table holding a cake fashioned to look like a truck.", "a cake shaped as a green truck and carrying wood", "The cake is shaped like a old pick up truck. ", "Green cake in the shape of a truck holding sticks."]
["A calico cat is resting it's head peacefully", "A cat is asleep on a flat surface next to a laptop.", "A brown, black, and white cat sleeps next to a laptop computer.", "A cat rest takes a nap next to a lap top.", "A calico cat fast asleep next to a laptop computer."]
["Firetrucks are on a rescue mission next to a market.", "Fire trucks lined up at a market with ladder raised and man on top.", "There are two fire trucks outside of a market", "A couple fire trucks parked on the side of the street.", "Fire trucks are parked in front a market and on firefighter is at the top of the ladder."]
["A building has a fire truck near it on the street with a man on a lift.", "A market with two fire trucks parked in front of it.", "The fire department has trucks outside of a store, and men on the roof.", "A fire fighter climbs onto the roof of a market with a ladder.", "A fireman is on top of the truck ladder"]
["A small cat laying on a couch in a room.", "Orange cat lying on a stuffed animal looking at camera.", "A cat laying down with a stuffed dog.", "A cat holding on to its stuffed animal on a chair.", "A large orange cat sleeping on a stuffed animal"]
["White cow standing alone on a busy city street. ", "A cow standing outside on a dirty street. ", "A large animal stands in the middle of a market street.", "A cow surrounded by people on the streets of india.", "A cow stands in the middle of a crowded street. "]
["A picture of a cat wearing a bow tie.", "A close up of a cat who is wearing a bow tie.", "An orange and white cat with a polka dotted bow around her neck.", "The orange and white cat is wearing a bow tie. ", "A cat wearing a polka dot bow tie"]
["A herd of oxen resting on a beach by the water.", "Several cows and people congregate on the beach. ", "Cows are on the beach along with people playing in the water.", "Cows are lying on the shore while people are in the water.", "A group of cows are laying on a beach"]
["A black cat standing inside of a piece of luggage.", "a black cat in a suitcase on a bed", "a small black cat is sitting in a luggage bag", "A cat that is sitting in some luggage. ", "a black cat laying in an empty suitcase"]
["An orange cat sleeping inside of a piece of luggage.", "An orange cat laying on its' side. ", "An orange cat lies curled up on some fabric.", "an image of a cat lying in a bag", "An orange cat sitting inside a zippered bag."]
["The large blue truck is old with rusted parts.", "A very old bus is in on a narrow asian street.", "A beat up truck goes down a street with motorcycles and bicycles with carts.", "there is a old blue truck that is coming up the road", "The truck is driving between a man on a bicycle and one on a motorcycle."]
["People around a purple truck loaded with a vehicle.", "A blue truck parked in a desert field.", "A truck with a long bed sits on a road in the desert.", "Two men loading a truck with logs in the desert.", "Two men with a big truck hauling a car are parked off  a road that looks like desert like."]
["A kitten sitting inside of a coffee cup.", "A kitten sticking its head outside of a coffee cup.", "a small orange white gray and black kitten in a cup", "A small cat head peer out over a teacup, which is stuffed with the cat's body. ", "A cat that is inside of a cup."]
["A cat is laying on a hardwood floor.", "A cat looks at the camera while laying on a wooden floor.", "a cat that is laying down some wood", "a small cat is laying on a wood area", "Cat looking aroused at camera while lying on floor."]
["Two brown and white cows standing next to each other.", "Two cows in a field who have been tagged.", "Tags in the ears indicate when the cattle were vaccinated.", "Two cows one with big horns standing in a grassy field.", "Two cows with yellow tagged ears, one with horns, are standing in a field."]
["Four cows standing in the grass near mountains.", "Cows grazing on a field next to mountains and trees.\n", "a number of cows on a field with mountains in the background ", "A herd of brown and white cattle grazing on a field.", "Cattle grazing at bottom of valley with mountains rising high above"]
["A dog and a cat sitting in a chair.", "a black cat and a brown dog sited on a courch", "A dog and a cat sit next to each other in a striped armchair.", "a dog and cat sitting together in the seat of an armchair", "A dog and cat laying together on a chair "]
["Late night food carts are open for business.", "People are standing in front of food trucks.", "Two people standing outside in the dark beside two buses. ", "Two food trucks that are in the street.", "A couple of large buses on a city street."]
["a herd of cows standing next to each other.", "Four cows in a pen on a sunny day ", "A bunch of very cute cows in a fenced area.", "Brown and white and black and white cows stand behind a fenced area and their habitat looks worn.", "A group of dairy cows looking onward while in a pin."]
["An orange cat is laying on the couch.", "A yellow striped cat rest on two large cushions to take a nap.", "An orange cat lays down on a grey couch.", "Large orange cat laying across a grey colored couch.", "a lazy cat lies on a gray couch"]
["a close up of a cat laying on a couch", "A close up of a cat reclining on a chair", "A cat resting on a furniture of some sort.", "a cat lying on a couch with one paw extended.", "An orange cat lies down on top of a sofa. "]
["a man and a cat lying on a couch", "a person and a cat sitting on a couch", "A person laying on top of a white couch.", "The legs of a man in pajamas and a cat hanging over the arm of a couch.", "A guy is stretched out with his feet propped up and his cat is laying beside him. "]
["A cat laying in bed under a blue blanket.", "A cat is sleeping on the bed under the cover", "A cat is sleeping in a bed under some covers. ", "an orange cat sleeping on a red pillow under a blue blanket.", "An orange cat sleeping under covers in a bed. "]
["A black and white cat laying on top of a blue blanket.", "The cat can barely keep his eyes open.", "A black and white cat lies on the ground with one eye towards the camera.", "a black an white cat sleeping on a blue blanket", "The cat is resting peacefully during her nap."]
["A cat is peeking out from under a blanket.", "A cat looking from beneath a covering it is in", "A cat that is laying down under a blanket.", "a brown cat peeking from inside of some sheets", "A cat looks out from beneath the covers."]
["a bookshelf that has a bunch of books on it", "a cat looking at itself in a mirror next to a book shelf", "A cat sitting in front of a mirror next to a book shelf.", "A cat looking at its reflection in a mirror next to a shelf.", "The cat is looking at its reflection in the mirror."]
["A cattle runs across the grassy field in the day.", "A cow is trotting in the grass toward a wooded area.", "A black cow walks through the grass in the pasture.", "A cow walking across a field with a full udder.", "A cow walking in a grassy field toward trees."]
["Cat siblings sitting on a sunny window sill", "One cat is sitting in the windowsill and another cat sitting below the other one.", "Two cats are sitting next to a window, with one on the window sill.", "Two cats sitting in front of a windowsill.", "Two cats are standing by a closed window"]
["A can sitting on a wooden table next to a window.", "A cat sitting on a dresser next to a house clock.", "An orange fluffy cat sitting by a window", "Long haired cat sitting on cabinet next to window.", "A cat sits on the edge of a table."]
["a cat next to a blue chair and a deck", "The cat is the only occupant in the room.", "A cat standing on the floor near a desk and chair.", "a chair a black desk a black gray and white cat", "A small office containing a desk, microscopes, a folding chair and a cat."]
["A young man feeds a cow from his hand.", "Young man feeding a cow from his hand.", "A young man is feeding a cow by the edge of the road.", "A man hand feeding a cow win the mountains", "Man in black shirt holding out his hand to a cow. "]
["A street scene with a dirt road and a large truck.", "A small white delivery truck driving on a dirt road.", "Small transport vehicle stopped with door open and mountains in the background. ", "A white truck drives down a dirt road.", "A white truck with designs drives on a dirt road"]
["An orange billboard truck driving down a street in front of a crowd of people.", "there is a orange truck with a very skinny back", "People walk behind a truck with purple and orange balloons.", "an orange and black truck some people and balloons", "A truck leads many people in orange dresses down a street. "]
["A cat sitting in a living room watching an animated cat on television.", "A cat watching Tom and Jerry cartoons on a flatscreen tv.", "An orange tabby cat sits on the floor while looking up at a large television that is playing a cartoon.", "A cat is watching cartoon in a television set.", "A picture of a cat watching a cartoon on TV."]
["A truck that is parked on the side of the street.", "A big semi truck is on the street.", "A truck that is sitting underneath the trees.", "A big van hauls a large shipping container ", "A truck with a dumpster is parked near some trees "]
["A couple of kids standing next to a truck.", "Several people standing around a large parked truck.", "A large semi-trailer with two trailers attached to the cab. ", "Two people standing outside beside a big truck", "Three people standing around a tractor and trailer with box cars loaded on the back."]
["A bunch of people are rowing in some row boats.", "Two crew boats full of people are in the water.  ", "Two teams of rowers make their way down the water", "Teams of rowers moving down a river near a city", "A couple of boats that are sitting in the water."]
["A cat sitting on a couch with a laptop in front of it.", "a cat resting on a pillow with an open lap top sitting near bye", "A cat sitting on top of a couch cushion.", "this is a lapto sitting on a white bed", "A cat seems to be looking at a laptop."]
["Two women sitting in the back of a ski boat with a black dog.", "Two women and a dog on the back of a boat. ", "Two women sit on the back of a motor boat at sunset. ", "a couple of people that are riding in a boat", "Two women and a dog are enjoying a day out in a boat."]
["Sail boats are on a lake as a storm approaches. ", "The boats are sailing out on the water.", "A body of water with several sailboats and motor boats.", "Several boats cruising on a large area of water.", "Many speedboats are travelling through the water near sailboats."]
["A cow laying on top of dry grass in a  pen.", "A cow with horns laying in the hay in a barn. ", "A bull is laying in the hay with another cow.", "a cow laying down in the hay in a barn", "A cow is sitting in a pen with hay in it."]
["Many brown cows are seen walking in a grassy field.", "a herd of cows standing together in a field ", "A group of brown cows are standing in the grass.", "A herb of cows stand together in a grassy field.", "A herd of brown cows is on a grassy hill."]
["Some very cute cows all lined up in a row.", "A row of cattle standing side by side ", "There is a row of cows with baby cows next to them.", "a bunch of cows are standing with each other", "Many black and white cows are standing in a row"]
["A toy boat sits on the ground. ", "a boat ith sails in a body of water", "A small boat with sails in some shallow water.", "A plastic model pirate ship sailing on a shallow city pond", "A toy clipper ship is sailing in shallow water and pebbles."]
["Artwork of a ship with three masts and one sail open with a scull and crossbones on it, in bluish gray water with gray cement wall in background.", "a little model boat speeding across the water", "A small toy ship floats across a clear stream.", "A small wooden sailboat model on a body of water.", "A small toy ship is shown in a clear stream."]
["Several people around a boat on the beach with an umbrella shade.", "Young man putting things in a storage area near a beach.", "A woman is looking her purse near a boat of pots, pans, etc, while others look on. ", "People at a beach with a house boat pulled up to shore.", "A group of people standing by a boat"]
["a large lake with a couple of guys on a boat.", "Two men sitting in a motor boat while fishing.", "A closeup of a empty boat surrounded by dark waters. ", "A boat sitting on a lake next to a shore.", "Three people have sailed out on the water in a boat."]
["A man with a tie and glasses and messy hair posing for a photo.", "A man with earrings and a red tie and glasses.", "A man smiling with glasses and a red tie. ", "A smiling man with black glasses, funny hair, and earrings.", "Man with crazy hair, glasses and earrings in both ears."]
["A guy with a messy hairdo wears business attire.", "A man with glasses, earrings, and a blue shirt with red tie. ", "A man with scruffy hair wearing a tie and glasses.", "Man in a suit with messy hair and glasses.", "a close up of a person wearing a shirt and tie"]
["two boats sitting on the shore close to the water ", "Two white boats sit on a rocky shoreline. ", "Two boats on a beach near the river bank", "A boat tied up on the bank of a lake.", "Two small boats are seen against a beautiful sunset."]
["A boat sitting on a beach next to an ocean.", "A boat on the beach is shown by the water.", "an old boat on a beach near a large body of water", "A rowboat lies abandoned on a beach near the ocean.", "Sunrise over a boat beached on a coastline."]
["The elephant is standing on the grass in the clearing.", "Small brown elephant walking on a grassy field. ", "An elephant with tusks is on the grass.", "An elephant stands and grazes on low growing greenery.", "An small elephant walking along in the grass."]
["A man standing on top of a boat holding an ore.", "A boy standing on a boat inside of the water.", "A young boy is navigating a wooden boat down a river. ", "THERE IS A BOY THAT IS STANDING ON A BOAT IN THE WATER ", "a person on a small boat with a paddle"]
["An umbrella sitting over a tray of food.", "a table with cups pitchers and an umbrella", "A french press and coffee cups on a tray under an umbrella.", "There is a teapot and cups on the tray. ", "A table with an umbrella has a tray with cups on it. "]
["A boat that is on a pier and not in the water.", "A boat sitting on a dock next to a small light house.", "A boat that is sitting on stands on the street.", "A very pretty boat on land by a light house.", "a person walking beside a boat sitting next to a fence "]
["A man is standing next to the shell of a boat.", "A man leaning on a unfinished canoe. ", "A man standing next to a long wooden boat.", "A man with a boat that is being constructed.", "A man leaning up against a boat that is almost finished being built."]
["The two girls are in a photo booth trying on hats and  different fake ties.", "Two women smiling and wearing superimposed striped ties.", "Two girls posing for a picture with painted on neckties.", "Two teenage girls wearing hats are smiling for the camera.", "Two beautiful young ladies sitting next to each other while wearing hats."]
["A bride waits for something while holding her bouquet. ", "THIS IS A PICTURE OF A MAN AND WOMAN ON THERE WEDDING DAY", "A man makes a funny gesture at a bride.", "The bride has a bouquet of pink flowers.", "A wedding party, including the bride, dressed for the event."]
["A woman walking down a street holding a child's hand.", "a woman and child are walking with umbrellas on their head", "A man and child, each wearing an umbrella hat, hold hands as they walk. ", "A women and a little girl walking down the street.", "A woman and child walk down the street holding hands wearing umbrella hats."]
["Legs with striped black socks, black shoes and a red and white Pokka dot umbrella on the floor.", "A young person wearing pin-striped stocking standing in front of an umbrella.", "THERE IS AN UMBREALL ON THE FLOOR ", "A wooden floor, striped socks and a pink polka dot umbrella.", "A woman standing next to a red and white umbrella."]
["Group of black chairs sitting underneath a blue umbrella. ", "a couple of umbrellas that are outside a building", "Small bistro sets are on the pavement along with some umbrellas.", "A setting of patio tables and chairs with umbrellas.", "A couple of metal tables with a large umbrella over them."]
["Guy watches boat drive by on the water.", "A older man looking out to the water with a boat cruising on it.", "A man looking at a boat passing by", "A man sitting at the table watching a boat go down the river", "A man sits at an outdoor cafe while a boat goes by. "]
["A group of elephants standing behind a wire fence.", "three elephants walking around in what looks like a zoo", "Three large grey elephants standing next to a building. ", "Three circus elephants are relaxing before another show.", "Three elephants standing behind a metal wire fence."]
["a cat that has a paw on a keyboard", "A can sitting in front of a laptop computer.", "An orange at putting its paws on a keyboard.", "a cat placing its paw on a keyboard in that is sitting on a desk", "A cat laying its paw on a computer keyboard."]
["A marina filled with lots of smaller ships.", "Boats are docked in the water next to buildings.", "Many motorboats are ready and waiting for passengers.", "A small yacht sitting at a dock next to other boats.", "large white boats parked on the dock near buildings"]
["Several people ride on elephants in a mountainous area.", "People who are riding on top of different elephants. ", "A group of men riding on the backs of elephants.", "elephant rides in traffic inside a sub continent city ", "A group of men riding on top of elephants."]
["A group of elephants are taking it easy in their environment.", "Elephants, both adults and their young, eating in a field.", "A group of elephants grazing on a field with grass", "a group of elephants standing on a grass area ", "Several elephants grazing together in the green grassy field."]
["A woman and little girl with a doll holding an umbrella.", "a mom with her daughter under an umbrella ", "A woman, girl and doll sitting under an umbrella.", "Mother, young daughter, and baby doll together under an umbrella.", "A woman sitting with a little girl holding a doll."]
["A woman holding a pink jacket next to a man wearing a tie.", "The young classmates stopped to smile for the picture.", "A woman smiles with her son, who is in a school uniform.", "A boy and mother stand for a photo", "A man and woman smile while standing beside each other."]
["a person on a small boat with another boat in the background", "people standing on a boat sailing on a body of water.", "The boat at port  is painted with its name in Portuguese", "A fishing boat with several men on it.", "Some men are hanging out on a docked boat."]
["A man and his dog riding a boat in the middle of a lake.", "Two people in a boat fishing on a river", "Two people on a long rowboat in a river or lake.", "Two people in a boat paddling on a body of water.", "A very long boat with two men being paddled by only one"]
["A suited man strides past ornate architectural feature.", "A man in a dark suit and tie, walking.", "A nicely dressed president walking by a building.", "The president of the US walking by a wall.", "A picture of the president walking in front of a building."]
["Front diagonal view from hips up of a woman holding a beer out at side, face to face with a man wearing sunglasses with his tongue out, both wearing neckties, by a wooden wall.", "A woman trying to kiss a man and the man is licking her face. ", "Couple of people about to share kiss in front of wooden building", "A man and woman standing next to each other with their tongues out.", "A young man and woman getting ready to kiss."]
["Young couple wearing ties outdoors showing celebratory emotions.", "A man and a woman are standing next to each other.", "Boy and Girl posing for picture with both wearing neckties and suit jackets", "A young couple of hipster emo people holding up their hands.", "A man and a woman are embracing each other."]
["A herd of elephants walking along a lush green field.", "The elephants are walking away from the watering hole.", "Looking across water at elephants walking in a large field", "Trio of wild elephants crossing a grassy area.", "A group of animals stand in a field next to water."]
["A little boy sitting next to an elephant with a long trunk.", "A young boy is sitting by an elephant.", "A young child posing beside an elephant at a zoo.", "An elephant poses with a young boy at a zoo.", "A little girl posing for a photo next to an elephant."]
["Two beautiful young ladies giving an elephant a bath in a river.", "Two girls bathe an elephant lying on its side.", "Two women wash an elephant in shallow water.", "a big elephant taking a bath in the river with two girls", "A very big pretty elephant laying down in the water."]
["A man walks down a street with an elephant.", "A man walking along side of an elephant near a building.", "a man walking with an elephant down the road ", "A man and an elephant walking together on the street.", "A young man escorting an elephant down a city street."]
["some people boats and birds in the water", "Picture of boats and seagulls on a body of water\n", "Birds on a busy waterway full of boats.", "Seagulls dive into the water next to boats full of people", "A body of water full of boats and birds."]
["A yellow boat sitting on top of a body of water.", "an adult driving a speed boat in the water near some rock growings", "A speed boat is in the water near the rock wall.", "A long yellow boat in the water in front of rocks and windmills. ", "A boat sailing in the ocean with windmills in the backround"]
["A little boy wearing a tie and a blue sweater.", "School boy in his uniform smiles with eyes raised", "A boy in a blue uniform is looking up instead of at the camera.", "A young boy wears a blue school uniform, trimmed in gold.", "a little boy staring back at someone taking a picture of him."]
["A man that is holding two suitcases over his head.", "The man is carrying something heavy on his head while walking.", "A wan walking with two suitcases on his head. ", "a man is carrying some luggage over his head", "three men carrying several suitcases down a sidewalk"]
["A group of people wait in line to use a machine.", "Everyone is waiting in line to purchase tickets.", "A crowd of people standing next to each other with luggage.", "Several people in line with their luggage. ", "A line at an airport with people and their luggage "]
["A white sand beach with chairs, umbrellas and people.", "Large setting of beach chairs and umbrellas on sandy beach.", "People on a beach sit on beach chairs under umbrellas", "Tables and beach chairs on a sandy beach.", "A plethora of beach chairs and umbrella's on a beach."]
["A man in brown jacket holding two pieces of luggage.", "A man holding a suitcase with another one at his knees and a woman holding a purse sitting on a bench.", "AN older man smiles while holding his luggage.", "A man sitting on a bench in a passenger train holding his luggage.", "two people and the male as a black bag and suitcase"]
["Old, tusked elephant eating grass with his buddies", "A herd of elephants walking on top a dry grass field.", "Large group of elephants standing near each other in grass. ", "animals enjoy each others company in the sun", "A group of elephants standing in a grassy field."]
["a person that is holding a umbrella ", "A woman with an umbrella is standing in the snow.", "A woman stands on the sidewalk in the snow holding an umbrella.", "A woman holds a yellow umbrella against the snow.", "The person is waiting outside with her umbrella up."]
["A group of people sitting on the back of a truck.", "A bunch of people riding in an odd looking vehicle.", "A tractor tows a bunch of people in a large wagon.", "Several people are riding in an old fashioned open pickup truck.", "People riding in a jeep on a dirt road."]
["Young boy on the back of his father under an umbrella.", "a child clings to his fathers back under an umbrella in a rain storm ", "a man is holding an umbrella and a small child", "A man crosses a street under an umbrella and carrying a little boy. ", "a couple of people that have a umbrella "]
["A man is sitting down outdoors smoking a cigarette. ", "A woman sitting on a bench as her face is covered in smoke.", "The man's face is partially obscured by smoke", "A person sitting outside on a suitcase is smoking.", "A man sitting on a trunk exhales a puff of smoke."]
["A guy walking with a umbrella on a snowy sidewalk.", "A pedestrian walks down the snowy street with an umbrella. ", "A man with an umbrella walking down a city street at night.", "A MAN IS WALKING DOWN A SNOWY SIDEWALK WITH HIS UMBRELLA", "Man walking on the sidewalk while holding up an umbrella"]
["Two adorable dogs side on opposite sides of a pot filled with beautiful flowers.", "Two dogs with a plant holder that has a pot full of flowers.", "Two dogs around a flower pot looking at something.", "Two dogs are standing next to a flower pot.", "Two dogs looking through an iron fence with a flower pot."]
["Three different size elephants with focus on the backside.", "Three elephants of different sizes walk away from the camera.", "An older elephant guiding two smaller and younger elephants.", "A large, a medium, and a small elephant walking together.", "A trio of elephants are in a row with a baby elephant in the center."]
["A bunch of suitcases that are on a sidewalk.", "a group of mostly red suitcases sitting by a do not enter sign", "a road sign and so many travelling bags", "a group of suitcases that are red, leopard print and pink", " A group of wheeled suitcases next to a DO NOT ENTER sign. "]
["an image of a woman holding an umbrella with her coat on", "A woman holding an umbrella in the rain", "A woman holding a white umbrella with a sleek car in the background.", "A woman holding an umbrella is standing near a sports car track.", "A woman with an umbrella standing next to a parking lot."]
["A man paints scenes at a fair stand.", "a man that is painting some kind of picture", "An artist stands near a large outdoor art exhibit.", "A man painting under a pink umbrella with paintings on the wall behind him..", "a man is standing near a couple of umbrellas"]
["An end sign on a hill with several umbrella structures. ", "A dry grass covered hillside with golden umbrellas.", "A bunch of big umbrellas in desert area", "a large hill covered with umbrella stands and dead grass", "A small sign by a big hill filled with umbrellas."]
["A brown dog and a black dog play with a yellow frisbee in a field.", "The dogs are playing with a yellow frisbee.", "Two dogs are playing with a Frisbee in tall grass.", "Two puppies fighting over a frisbee in a grassy field.", "Two dogs in a grassy field are vying for a frisbee."]
["A cabinet with various boxes, pens and mirror.", "a vanity with a mirror and, framed photo, cup of pencils , candle and a jewelry box.", "A desk filled with objects sitting in front of a mirror.", "The mirror and the vanity is decorated in the bedroom. ", "A dresser with several jewelery boxes and other personal items on it."]
["A small brown and white bulldog riding a skateboard.", "A dog riding on a skateboard next to a person.", "The dog is on a skate board beside its owner", "The dog is riding a skateboard on the sidewalk.", "a close up of a bulldog riding a skate board"]
["A man on a skateboard with a dog on the sidewalk ", "A man standing in a strange way with his dog.", "a man riding a skateboard next to a pool and a black dog ", "A man rides a skateboard while being followed by a dog.", "A bearded man on a skateboard shows his bare stomach."]
["A woman riding a surfboard with her large dog.", "A surfer and a dog are riding a wave in to the shore.", "A person and dog on a surfboard in a body of water.", "A person and a dog on a surfboard on the ocean.", "A person and a dog floating on a surf board in the water."]
["people enjoy swimming in the waves of the ocean on a sunny day at the beach.", "People at the beach playing in the waves.", "many surfers looking for waves on a sunny day", "Several people swim in the ocean at a beach.", "Ocean view of surfers waiting for a wave."]
["a giant bear standing on its hind legs in a grassy area in front of the mountain", "A large bear standing upright with mountains in the background.", "A stuffed bear is displayed in front of a mountain scene. ", "A tall dead brown bear standing in a grass field.", "a big bear standing on the grass staring around"]
["A woman and a black and white dog on the beach.", "A woman in the ocean with a black and white dog.", "A beautiful woman playing in the ocean with her dog.", "The woman is in the water with playing with her dog. ", "Woman in a bikini plays with her dog in the surf."]
["A beautiful woman in a bikini surfing with her dog.", "A woman holding her surfboard looks at a dog swimming.", "A woman holding a surfboard walking into the ocean toward a dog.", "A woman with a surfboard and a dog in the ocean. ", "A WOMAN AND A DOG IS SURFING IN THE BEACH"]
["there  is a painting of a woman holding a red umbrella", "A drawing of a man flying with a pink umbrella.", "A sideways picture of a woman holding an umbrella.", "a painting of a person holding an open umbrella", "A drawing of a child holding an umbrella."]
["An overhead view of a city cross walk on a rainy day features an array of colorful umbrellas. ", "People hold colorful umbrellas as they walk through an intersection.", "People under colorful umbrellas are walking in the street.", "The people are all crossing the street some have umbrellas", "This aerial shot shows several people using a cross walk while holding umbrellas."]
["A dog sitting upright with its hands on a laptop.", "a dog appears to be typing on a laptop computer", "The person is holding their dog in front of their laptop. ", "A person holds a dog with legs on a laptop", "a dog sitting at a desk with a laptop"]
["two brown bears on some rocks in their pen ", "Two bears sleep on rocks near a pond. ", "Two bears relaxing by a lake on rocks", "Two big brown bears laying on rocks in a zoo.", "two brown bears sitting on rocks by a stream"]
["A polar bear playing in the water in a zoo pin.", "a white polar bear is swimming in some water", "A bear shaking his head while swimming in some water", "A polar bear shakes his head of water as it emerges from the water. ", "A polar bear shaking water off its head in a pool of water."]
["Animals in a body of water play with a ball. ", "A seal is in water by a cement ball.", "A polar bear playing with a ball in a small pond area.", "A bear is playing with a ball in the zoo", "A bear playing with a ball in a pool of water."]
["A puppy laying on a purple blanket on a bed.", "a black puppy laying on a couch ", "A cute puppy curiously looks to see whats going on.", "A puppy relaxing on a bed with a bone on underneath the blanket.", "A dog sits on a blanket on a couch."]
["A brown bear is grazing in the grass.", "A brown bear walking across a field while eating grass.", "A brown bear is grazing in a field.", "there is a brow bear that is eating from the grass", "A brown bear is foraging in a field of dried grass. "]
["A man that is sitting down near a bird.", "a couple of people that are sitting around", "A man sitting on a ledge with a blue suitcase.", "a person sitting outside a McDonald's looking at a bird", "A man sitting on a sidewalk next to a suitcase and a pigeon."]
["a big bear stands next to a lake ", "A bear has just taken a dip in the water", "A brown bear near the river and some grass", "Bear, fishing in a stream running through grassy field.", "A bear is seen in the grass next to a creek."]
["A brown and white dog is catching a frisbee.", "A small dog catching a Frisbee in its mouth.", "A brown and white dog catching a frisbee in it's mouth.", "A dog at the park catching a frisbee. ", "A dog jumping and catching a frisbee in the park."]
["A dog catching a yellow frisbee in it's mouth.", "Dog in a field jumping to catch a frisbee.", "A black and white dog catches a frisbee at a park", "A dog is in the grass holding a frisbee in its mouth.", "Small dog jumping to catch a frisbee near a playground."]
["A labrador dog holds a frisbee in its mouth.", "A white dog laying on a grassy field with a blue frisbee in it's mouth.", "a yellow laborador laying in the grass holding a blue frisbee in its mouth", "A dog is holding a frisbee in its mouth", "A tan Labrador retriever sitting on the ground  with a blue Frisbee in his mouth"]
["A man tossing a frisbee under his leg.", "A man doing a trick with a frisbee ", "A man prepares to catch a flying disc under his leg.", "a man with his leg in the air catching a frisbee", "A person throws a frisbee under their leg."]
["A black dog laying on a couch with a floral pattern.", "A medium sized black dog laying on a couch.", "a dog is curled up in the corner of a 2+ seater sofa", "A dog curled up on a floral colored couch.", "A black dog curled up on a patterned sofa"]
["A man is playing frisbee by herself on the beach.", "A man on a beach swinging his arm to toss a frisbee", "Man on the beach throwing a white frisbee. ", "this is a man throwing a disc on the beach", "Men playing frisbee in a sandy area by a tent."]
["A black dog with a red collar under a pink blanket.", "A dog asleep in a bed with a blanket over him ", "Black dog in a bed on a pillow under a pink blanket ", "a black lab lying in bed under covers", "A dog takes a nap under a blanket. "]
["A group of people are playing frisbee on the beach", "A man jumping up to catch a frisbee on a beach", "People on the beach by the ocean playing frisbee.", "Three people on the beach catching a frisbee", "Men are on the beach playing with a frisbee."]
["A man laying in bed with four dogs.", "a number of dogs in a bed with a person", "Three black and white dogs laying in bed with a man.", "Man with beard lying in bed with three Husky type dogs.", "a man sleeping in his bed with three dogs"]
["a dog is laying on his back in his bed in front of the fire place ", "The dog has made himself incredibly comfortable in front of the fireplace.", "A dog lying on his back in front of a fireplace.", "A dog that is laying on its back on a blanket.", "a dog is laying upside down on a bed"]
["A man is in the park playing frisbee with his friends.", "A man who is jumping up and catching a frisbee.", "a young man wearing blue shorts catching a Frisbee in a grassy area", "A man in the park jumping up to catch a frisbee. ", "A man reaching up into the air to grab a blue frisbee."]
["A brown dog with it's head hanging out of a window.", "A dog looking out an open window at something outside", "A dog looking out of a window at yard.", "A brown dog sticking his head outside of an open window ", "A dog peeks its head out of an open window.  "]
["The zebras are standing beside of each other.", "A group of zebras that are in the grass.", "A group of zebras watching in a field.", "A group of zebra standing next to each other.", "Three zebras are standing together in a field."]
["A black dog lying down on a black couch.", "A dog laying on a couch looking sad.", "A black dog laying on a black velvet couch. ", "a very black dog lying on a courch", "a black dog resting his head on the armrest of a sofa"]
["A man standing next to a dog inside of a room.", "A man is holding his fist in front of a black dog that is standing on its hind legs.", "There is a man interacting with a black dog.", "dog jumping up to play with a man in a living room", "A man in a green flannel shirt interacting with a black dog. "]
["A man and a woman playing frisbee in the grass.", "A young man and woman playing with a frisbee", "Two girls are running after a frisbee and one has her hand extended out to catch it.", "A couple of women playing a game of frisbee.", "A man running to catch a frisbee from mid air"]
["A person that threw a frisbee in the air.", "A young woman standing next to a pink frisbee.", "A woman with a frisbee in front of a stone building.", "A woman throwing a pink Frisbee in the field.", "A girl is playing a game of frisbee."]
["Two females throwing a Frisbee in a grass area.", "A woman throwing a frisbee with another person nearby", "A couple of people throwing a Frisbee in a field.", "Two girls involved in some sort of a game.", "Two girls and a pink flying disk toy outside."]
["Three zebras standing in a line in the tall grass.", "three zebras in a field of grass with trees in the background", "Three zebras in a grassy field next to trees.", "an image of a zebra in a field", "Three zebras stand in tall grass near a wooded area"]
["A man standing on his front lawn throwing a Frisbee.", "a person in a field throwing a frisbee ", "A person with a Frisbee in a yard.", "A man standing outside of his apartment throwing a frissbee. ", "A man tossing a neon green frisbee in front of a house."]
["Small children looking into an open air zebra enclosure.", "A zebra behind a fence near some kids.", "Children are looking at a zebra in an enclosure.", "Toddlers standing at the fence watching a zebra.", "A little girl in a flowered dress and a girl wearing red shorts stand near a railing while a zebra is on the other side."]
["A man holding a blue, red and green frisbee in his hands.", "There is a man holding up three frisbees", "Man holding three colorful frisbee golf discs and standing by window.", "A man standing in his home holding three frisbees.", "A man holding three Frisbees of varrying colors. "]
["A man and woman standing by a very big sign.", "A man and a woman holding a lot of Frisbee's at the Carolina Adventures Frisbee Disc Golf Course.", "A couple of people standing next to a sign.", "A couple with a pink Frisbee stand by a sign for a Frisbee Golf Course.", "A man and woman holding a pink frisbee standing by a sign advertising a Frisbee disc golf course."]
["A man with glasses that is holding a bunch of frisbees.", "A man holding four different Frisbees with different titles. ", "a man wearing glasses and a hat holding four frisbees ", "A photo of a person being taken in this picture.\n", "A man is holding Frisbees with writing in his hand."]
["a baby zebra walking between two bigger zebras", "A couple of adult zebra's walking beside a baby zebra.", "Several zebras huddled close together traipse across a grassy terrain", "Three zebras walking in a grassy area with a tree in the foreground.", "Three zebras wandering in an open field past a tree."]
["A small zebra walking across a dirt field.", "A lone zebra walks in a fenced-in area.", "A zebra standing on concrete in a fenced enclosure.", "A zebra walking on a dirt surface near thick vegetation.", "a zebra is walking around its pen at the zoo"]
["A horse standing in the middle of a street.", "A horse on a street during the day.", "A horse standing on a open city street.", "A horse with red sturups on it is standing .", "a close up of a horse tethered to a carriage in front of a building"]
["Three people on horse back at a rural road intersection.", "Some people on some horses near the road.", "some people sitting on horses next to a building ", "a number of people rising horses on a city street", "Three people riding three horses waiting at an intersection to cross."]
["A man is standing next to a zebra with another man riding the zebra.", "A man is riding a zebra while another stands by.", "A smiling man sits on the back of a zebra. ", "The man is posing for a picture on the zebra.", "The men are trying to ride the zebras by the buildings,"]
["Two zebras stand near each other in the tall grass.", "In an area of green and yellow vegetation stands a zebra looking forward and standing right behind a second zebra with its head cropped off. ", "there are two zebras that are seen standing together", "Two animals are grazing in a wide field.", "A couple of zebra standing next to each other."]
["a bunch of zebras are standing in a field", "four zebras standing close to the road ", "Four zebras that are crossing a dirt road.", "A bunch of zebras are standing on the side of a dirt road.", "A group of zebras standing in a grassy area."]
["Two zebras running on a path next to trees.", "A zebra couple enjoying their evening meal together,", "two zebras standing on a dirt area lined with shrubbery.", "Two zebras in a field with trees and grass and dirt.", "Two zebras grazing on a couple of leaves."]
["Two zebra's standing next to one another eating grass.", "Two zebras in their area eating from a pile of grass.", "A couple of zebras standing in the middle of a enclosure eating grass.", "A couple of zebra standing on top of a grass field.", "a close up of two zebras near one another "]
["several horses pulling two carriages across sand next to a body of water", "a couple of horses are pulling a carriage ", "Two horse drawn carriages and a person on horseback walking on the beach.", "A group of horses pull people and carts beside the water.", "These are horses pulling a carriage by the water"]
["Two big brown horses pulling a cart filled with people.", "People in costume and in regular clothing ride in a horse drawn carriage.", "Brown horses pull a wagon with a man with an accordian, a woman driver, a small girl and a woman with glasses.", "Two large horses are pulling a family in a carriage.", "A couple of brown horses pulling people on a wagon."]
["A lone horse walks through a desert plain.", "A horse is standing in the grasses of a field. ", "Black and white photograph of a horse in a desert area.", "A very pretty horse in a big grassy field.", "A horse walking through dirt and grass. "]
["A horse is standing by a wire fence.", "Two horses standing next to one another grazing.", "A horse standing in an enclosed area with another directly behind it.", "A brown horse standing next to a field with trees.", "The clydesdale horse is known for his enormous size and beauty."]
["An horse without a saddle or bridle faces the camera.", "a close up of a horse on a dirt ground with a tree in the background", "A brown horse walking through a dirt field next to a tree.", "A tall brown horse is walking in a field.", "The brown horse walks with head down through the wilderness."]
["A beautiful white horse pulling a green carriage.", "A carriage with driver and people being drawn by a white horse.", "A white horse pulling a wagon with people.", "a horse pulls a cart with people sitting on it ", "A white horse pulling a wagon of people ."]
["A picture of four wild horses in a forest.", "Four horses in an open area with trees.", "Four horses in a rocky area by the trees.", "Four handsome horses hang out in a dry field", "Four large horses standing together in a clearing."]
["A cute blonde woman leading a brown horse with a child riding it.", "A little girl rides a horse being led by a young lady.", "A young girl guides a horse while a younger girl rides it ", "A girl pulling a horse with a small child riding", "A young girl next to a horse with a little girl."]
["Two horses grazing in a field next to forest.", "A brown and black horse are grazing in the grass.", "Two horses, one black and one brown, graze in a green field.", "Two horses are eating grass in a field.", "Two horses eating off the ground in a pasture."]
["A woman bending over to pet a small horse.", "A woman is posing next to and petting a small horse.", "a woman posing for a photo holding a horse", "A woman pets a horse while it eats grass.", "A girl bending over petting a small pony."]
["A picture of a horse that is in some dirt.", "A brown horse standing behind a chain link fence.", "A small brown horse stands by the fence.", "The horse stands inside of the gate, next to the warning sign.", "A horse behind a fence and fence door with a sign that says \"Be Aware Horses May Bite or Kick\"."]
["Man displaying local fruit and bananas for sale", "A man stands in front of a display of fruit bunches.", "A man is looking at hanging fruit arrangements.", "The man is touching the fruit hanging from the tree.", "a man standing and checking out a bunch of hanging fruit on display"]
["a snowboarder and a snow skier are posing for a picture", "Two guys stand in the snow on a mountain. ", "Two guys on a mountain getting ready to sky and snowboard down", "Two people on top of a ski slop, one with skies and one with a snowboard.", "two men on skies standing on a mountain "]
["Sky view of a baseball field and scoreboard.", "A baseball field with a large tv in the background", "Players and fans at a football stadium prepare for a forthcoming game.", "Many players are standing in the outfield of a baseball diamond.", "A view of  a game being played in a very big stadium."]
["a green table some people oranges and bananas", "People standing in front of a counter filled with fruits.", "Baskets of oranges are lined up on a table at a market.", "People shop for fruits and vegetables at a farmer's market.", "A couple of people that are looking at some food."]
["A glass of milk sitting next to a bowl of fruit on top of a table.", "A plate of fruit and a glass of milk in a darkly lit room with a greenish hue.", "A glass of milk, an apple, apple slices, a banana and blueberries on a tray.", "A cup of milk and apples cut up .", "A plate of fruit next to a glass of milk."]
["An assortment of fruits are viewed up close. ", "bananas oranges grapes and papaya sitting bunched together", "A pile of many different types of fruit.", "White grapes, bananas and oranges are piled together.", "Bananas, tangerines, grapes and mango in a bowl together. "]
["pitcher and first baseman during a game with lots of people", "Baseball players playing baseball in a field in front of a crowd", "A person stands on a baseball field ready to throw a ball. ", "A man in purple jersey throwing a baseball.", "Professional baseball pitcher ready to throw the ball."]
["A baseball player is about to throw his pitch. ", "A baseball player that is standing in the dirt.", "A man in a pitchers pose on a baseball mound.", "A baseball player is on the mound about to pitch the ball.", "A baseball pitcher that is winding up to pitch the ball."]
["a square plate that has some food on it", "A plate has a bowl of rice, vegetables, and chopsticks. ", "This is a plate of Asian food with chopsticks.", "A black square plate topped with a scoop of rice and broccoli chicken.", "some rice chicken broccoli and carrots on a black plate"]
["Piles of different types of fruit in a grocery store.", "A bunch of fruits lie on display on a stand.", "The fruit stand has many types of apples, oranges and melons. ", "Multiple fruits in the produce section of a grocery store.", "Apples and oranges are displayed at a fruit market."]
["Bunches of ripe bananas hanging from hooks inside a store.", "Hanging bananas and other fruit and bottled beverages in a produce market.", "fruit hanging from a rail at a market.", "different fruit in the produce section of the grocery store", "A produce section of a market selling various fruits and vegetables."]
["A variety of fruit is displayed in a market.", "Fruits and vegetables for sale in a farmers market. ", "Many fruits displayed in a produce store including bananas, oranges, apples and lemons.", "The produce section of a grocery store showing many various fruits.", "A market has many fruits and vegetables out for display. "]
["A woman holding up a yellow banana to her face.", "A woman in pink shirt holding a banana in front of her face.", "A woman that is holding up a banana.", "Woman holding a banana over her face in the guise of a smile.", "A woman is holding a banana like a smile"]
["a baseball player throwing a pitch from the mound", "A pitcher throwing a baseball in front of a crowd.", "The baseball player is pitching the ball during the game. ", "A man in baseball uniform throwing a ball.", "A baseball player throwing a baseball while people watch from the stands."]
["A woman is looking at fruit for sale at a farmer's market.", "A woman is standing besides several kinds of fruit in an outdoor market.", "Asian women are looking at vegetables at an outdoor market.", "An old woman shopping at an outdoor market.", "In Asia, the outdoor market has plentiful fresh local produce."]
["A woman sitting at a table in front of bunches of bananas and grapes.", "A young girl sits surrounded by plantains, grapes and fine cheeses. ", "A woman sitting down next to some bananas.", "A young person who is sitting amongst the fruit at a stand.", "A young girl sitting in front of a bunch of bananas and grapes. "]
["A baseball player swinging a bat over home plate.", "A young boy swings his bat as the baseball comes flying towards him.", "A young man is playing softball near a fence.", "A person on a field with a baseball bat.", "A boy in uniform swings a bat at a baseball."]
["there is a lap top on a table with many bananas around it", "A table has some candy and bananas on it next to a laptop.", "A desk containing a black laptop, candy, money, and several bananas. ", "A work bench with bananas with wires connected to a laptop.", "Several bananas hooked up to wires to product a charge hooked to a laptop."]
["A family standing in front of a sign while wearing skis and holding ski poles.", "A family of three skiing together outside in the snow.", "A family on skis posing for a picture.", "some people and a man woman and child  on skis", "Several people at a skit resort posing for a picture while holding their skis."]
["A closeup picture of a bright orange grapefruit cut in half.", "A cut in half blood orange sitting next to a blue wall.", "a close up of an orange with a blue background", "A view of an orange from up very close.", "The image shows a half of an orange."]
["Top view of an orange with the to sliced off.", "a close up of a sliced orange ", "Small juicy orange cut down the middle so you can see the fruit.", "An orange slice sitting on top of a table.", "An orange with the end cut off against the sections is shown from above. "]
["Two young boys sitting on a baseball field holding catchers mits.", "Two  little boys on a baseball field with baseball gloves.", "Two young boys are ready to play baseball. ", "Two children sit on the baseball field wearing baseball gloves.", "Two little boys wearing baseball mits  ."]
["A pitcher stands on his mound, about to throw his baseball.", "Male professional baseball player winding up to pitch the ball. ", "Two baseball players are on the field near the empire. ", "A baseball player standing on a field pitching a ball.", "A pitcher winds up to throw a baseball at a batter. "]
["A plate that has broccoli and meat on it.", "A small plate with cooked meat and broccoli on it.", "A plate is full of broccoli and some type of meat.", "The white plate consists of vegetables and meat", "Stir fry chicken and broccoli on a plate on a table."]
["A baseball pitcher throwing a ball during a baseball game.", "a baseball player throwing a ball from the pitchers mound", "A pitching about to throw a baseball at a game.", "A pitcher winding up to throw a fastball.", "A baseball player pitching a ball on a baseball field."]
["A bunch of big chef knives by a small piece of broccoli.", "broccoli setting on counter with knives pointing at it.", "a couple of knifes are near a vegetable", "The tips of five kitchen knives all pointing to the stem of one piece of broccoli.", "A piece of broccoli partially surrounded by knife blades."]
["A black and white photo has two baseball players.", "Two young boys are preparing for a play at a ball game.", "A couple of baseball players are playing ball while a crowd looks on. ", "Baseball players stand in the field awaiting the play.", "Two baseball players look on awaiting the pitch to be made"]
["A baseball game is being played in a city park.", "People playing a baseball game on a baseball field. ", "A baseball player standing on top of a field.", "Boys play a game of little league baseball in a park, inside a city", "A couple of guys playing a game of baseball on a dirt field."]
["A banana peal on a piece of board.", "A banana hanging from the side of a wooden fence.", "A banana peel hanging over the top rung of a wooden fence.", "A banana peel draped over a fence board ", "A peeled banana sitting on a wooden fence. "]
["A pan filled with an assortment of vegetables and a wooden spoon.", "A skillet full of broccoli and vegetables cooking.", "A pan filled with stir fry vegetables and a wooden spoon. ", "some food is cooking in a small pan", "Vegetables being prepared in a pot with a wooden spoon."]
["Looking down at a cheese and broccoli pizza on the stovetop", "there is a freshly made pizza that is on a small pan", "A broccoli and cheese pizza on a pan. ", "A pizza in a pan sitting on top of the stove.", "A pizza is on a tin on top of a stove. "]
["pizza on a plate with one slice separated from the rest", "a plate of pizza on a table ", "A pizza is cut into fours on a white plate.", "A pizza is sliced into four pieces on a plate.", "A pizza on a plate with toppings cut into four slices."]
["A thin crusted pizza dish cut into four slices", "A thin crust pizza divided into quarter pieces.", "A plate containing pizza topped with broccoli, tomatoes, and other toppings", "A sliced pizza on a plate with vegetables.", "The plate holds a veggie pizza with very thin crust."]
["Two pizzas sitting on top of a wooden cutting board.", "Two pizzas topped with broccoli, black olives, sundried tomatoes, and cheese.", "A close up of two pizzas on a wooden board or pizzeria peel.", "Two homemade pizzas side by side on a table.", "A view of two pizzas on a wooden table."]
["Two pizzas sitting on top of a wooden cutting board.", "Two pizzas with various toppings on them, including broccoli ", "A pizza with olives, broccoli, red pepper, and cheese", "Two uncut pizzas sitting out on a table.", "Two pizzas with broccoli and tomatoes and other ingredients."]
["a close up of a sheet of pizza on a table ", "A slice of pizza with cheese, broccoli, and chicken.", "A half of a pizza that is on a table.", "A close-up of a half of a pizza pie.", "Half of a thin crust gourmet broccoli pizza"]
["a plate of waffles with bananas and condiments", "Three white plates topped with different foods next to a cup of coffee.", "A plate has a waffle with syrup and bananas on it.", "Breakfast is complete with a large waffle topped with bananas.", "a waffle with bananas on it and other food on the table"]
["Fans are in the stands watching a baseball game.", "a baseball player getting ready to throw a ball in front of a crowd ", "A shot of a baseball player about to throw the ball. ", "A baseball player is in the outfield of a baseball field.", "Baseball player in white uniform on a baseball field. "]
["A pile of broccoli sitting on display in a grocery store.", "The broccoli is on the store shelf and is very green", "Broccoli florets amongst vegetables available in grocers market.", "The broccoli is sitting on the refrigerated shelf.", "A large amount of fresh brocolli in a grocery produce section."]
["a close up of a plate of food with meat ", "This take-out meal contains beef and green vegetables.", "The tray has mean and vegetables in it.", "A salad in a black container sitting on a marble surface.", "A dish on a counter containing beef and broccoli."]
["Some raw looking meat is with cooked broccoli.", "A meat dish is on a black tray with broccoli accenting it.", "Beef and broccoli in a plastic tray with chopsticks sitting nearby.", "A to-go container filled with beef and asparagus.", "A container filled with beef and broccoli next to chop sticks."]
["A baseball player swinging a bat near home base.", "A baseball player is swinging at the ball.", "A group of men on a field playing baseball", "A batter, catcher and umpire in a baseball game.", "The man is hitting the baseball during the game. "]
["A baseball player standing next to a base.", "The baseball player swung the baseball bat hard", "a baseball player is swinging a bat at a game", " A man hits the ball at a professional baseball game.", "a baseball player that is at home plate"]
["A woman is preparing food as two young boys stand by and watch.", "there are two children and a woman mixing food", "Two children watching a woman smash bananas in a bowl.", "This is a mom giving her children cooking lessons.", "A group of people standing around a bowl filled with bananas."]
["A pile of leafy greens sitting on top of a table.", "A person holds a bushel of plants at a produce market.", "A green leafy plant with lighter green flowers. ", "A bushel of greens are on the table with various fruits.", "a bumpy green plant that someone is holding in a shop "]
["A man with glasses skating alone on a snow covered field", "A man wearing a pair of sunglasses while on his snow board at the ski slope. ", "a man stands on a snow board in the snow ", "Man standing on a snowboard with his gloved hands out front and his thumbs up.", "A man on a snowboard giving a thumbs up to the camera."]
["A pretty young lady standing on skis on a snow covered ski slope.", "A man is wearing skis on a mountain.", "There is a skier smiling for a photo", "Woman in grey jacket posing with skiing gear.", "The smiling woman stands atop the slope wearing skis."]
["a young man on a skate board doing a trick ", "A young boy rides a skateboard in a skate park.", "Male skateboarder at the peak of a stunt in a public skate park.", "A skate boarder is about to fall off of his skateboard. ", "the person is on his skateboard going up the ramp "]
["Two plates of broccoli and shrimp on a table.", "There are two bowls of shrimp and vegetables", "There are bowls with shrimp and broccoli in them.", "Two dishes featuring large shrimp sit on a bamboo place mat.", "Two bowls of shrimp and broccoli sitting on a mat."]
["A person doing a kickflip on a skateboard over a jump.", "A man skateboarding on  the rooftop of a building", "A man riding a skateboard doing a kick flip in the air.", "At a skate park, a man is in the air with a skateboard, also in the air, under his feet", "A man doing tricks on his skateboard. "]
["Skateboarders in a permanent park near a waterfront.", "Several youths skateboarding on ramps beside the water with a cruise ship in the background.", "A man on a skateboard riding on the pavement", "Many skateboarders are riding the ramps in a skate park.", "A group of people who are riding skateboards in a skate park."]
["A young man on a skateboard doing tricks.", "A young man balanced on his skateboard. ", "A young man doing skateboard tricks in a skate park", "A teenage body attempting a trick on his skateboard.", "A young fellow rides his skateboard on a dreary day."]
["a person jumping a skate board into the air", "A young man in the air on his skateboard. ", "A boy is jumping from a bench on his skateboard. ", "A young man flying through the air on top of a skateboard.", "A man jumping on a skateboard on the sidewalk."]
["A guy riding a skateboard on the road with a long pole.", "A man long boarding with a stick to propel him.", "A man with a stick pushing himself by skateboard", "Guy riding skateboard with a long stick while others ride bikes around him", "Adult male pushing himself on a skateboard with a stick. "]
["A street vendor selling a variety of apples.", "Crates of apples lined up at an outdoor market.", "A bunch of boxes of apples sitting in a market.", "Multiple cartons of labeled apples on a street", "Boxes of apples fill up a table at this outside market"]
["A group of boys riding their skateboards in the park.", "A person in the background doing a kick flip on a skateboard.", "Onlookers watch as a skateboarder performs a jump.", "A man doing stunt with the skating on the side of road..", "A person doing skate tricks out in the street"]
["A man skate bording going up on a ramp. ", "there is a male skateboarder that is riding the ramp", "There is a man who is riding on his skateboard.", "A person on a skateboard riding up a wall.", "a man on a skateboard that is on a ramp"]
["a guy doing tricks on a skateboard on a skateboard ramp covered in graffitti", "A man on a skateboard in a half pipe.", "a person riding a skate board at a skate park", "A guy is performing a trick on a skateboard.", "A man attempting to do a skateboard trick on an outdoor halfpipe."]
["A man without a shirt riding a skateboard at the beach.", "A shirtless skateboarder doing tricks on his board", "a boy without a shirt skateboarding as other people watch", "a shirtless man skatebarding on a sidewalk by other people ", "There is a skateboarder doing a jumping trick"]
["A man is shirtless attempting a skateboarding trick.  ", "A man doing a trick at a skate park.", "A man loses his skateboard at the top of a ramp while a crowd watches.", "a shirtless skateboard player is doing a trick", "A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard."]
["Steak with assortment of green vegetables and french fries.", "there is a white plate with broccoli, meat and fries ", "A plate that has three different kinds of food on it. ", "A plate with a steak, broccoli, and french fries with a fork sitting on it.", "A plate of steak, broccoli and french fries."]
["People that are walking with skateboards in hand. ", "Group of people holding various bags walking down a path.", "four people walking onto the beach with some bags ", "A group of people carrying skateboards to a ramp park.", "A group of young people walking into a park, some of them carrying skateboards."]
["a couple of people that are jumping on a skateboard", "Two boys doing skateboard tricks at the same time.", "Two boys doing tricks side by side on their skateboard. ", "The two young men are doing jumps on their skateboards.", "two people jumping skate boards into the air "]
["A bunch of very green broccoli cut into spears.", "A pile of broccoli sitting beside a knife.", "Asparagus lies on a cutting board flanked by a large kitchen knife.", "A small pile of fresh green broccoli florets. ", "Chopped broccoli on a cutting board with a knife."]
["Some people are standing on a crowd crowded sidewalk", "A group of people are standing on a sidewalk with skateboards.", "Cameramen are ready to take pictures of skateboarders.", "a group of people and a few of them have skateboards", "A group of young people with skate boards gathered together."]
["A white bowl filled with vegetables sitting on top of a table..", "The fork is balanced perfectly on the bowl.", "A light tan bowl of broccoli and pasta with a fork.", "a white bowl that has pasta and brocolli in it ", "A bowl of food with steam rising off it on a glass table."]
["A bowl of beef stew and a spoon on a cloth napkin.", "A bowl of soup sitting on a table next to a spoon and some bread.", "A bowl of beef stew with carrots and potatoes on a table.", "I hearty dinner of beef stew and bread.", "A bowl of beef stew sitting on a table next to a metal spoon."]
["two legs yellow shoes and a green skateboard", "Foot view of a young man in yellow sneakers as he rides down the road on his skateboard. ", "Man skateboarding in the street with yellow shoes.", "A person in yellow sneakers riding on a skateboard in the street. ", "A man with yellow shoes riding a skateboard.\n"]
["A man riding a skateboard into the air.", "A guy on a skate board doing a trick.", "this is an image of a man skateboarding", "A skateboarder jumps in the air while performing a trick.", "a person jumping a skate board in the air "]
["A young man on a skateboard performing a stunt near a curb.", "A young man riding a skateboard jumps onto the sidewalk over the curb.", "A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "A man jumping off the sidewalk while on a skateboard. ", "A person jumping up in the air on a skateboard."]
["A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "a person jumping a skate board in the air ", "A person on a skateboard jumping up in the air.", "The guy in the plaid shirt is doing a trick on his skateboard.", "A guy performs some tricks with his skateboard."]
["A couple of people sitting at a wooden table.", "A young man is eating a hamburger while a young girl watches and laughs.", "A young man siting at a picnic table holding a sandwich while a young girl looks on smiling. ", "A man sitting in front of a plate holding a sandwich next to a girl. ", "There is a man and a woman eating at the table"]
["a close up of a person holding food in napkins", "A hand holding a sandwich wrap with park in background.", "A burrito that is cut into two pieces.", "Someone holding a large burrito in a city park.", "Food item wrapped in foil ready for consumption in outdoor setting."]
["The meal is being prepared in the kitchen.", "A large box of meat in front of some meat slabs on a grill in a kitchen.", "A close up of raw meat and meat cooking in a deep fryer.", "A container of meat sitting on the counter next to a fryer .", "Someone is cooking some food on the grill."]
["Food with green sauce on paper plate with cake", "Two plates of food are sitting next to each other.", "A plate of food is shown on w white plater.", "Plates of cake and another snack/meal on the table", "Hot meal, including cooked vegetables in cause on a plastic plate."]
["A person is organizing food on to platters", "A person standing over a plate of vegetables holding a bowl filled with green paste.", "A man preparing a vegetable plates for consumption.", "A person prepares her vegetables on a plate.", "A person putting a sauce on two plates full of greens, carrots and tomatoes."]
["A cut in half sandwich sitting next to a pile of fries.", "Picture of a plate with fries and cut sub on it.", "A plate that has different types of food on it.", "a plate full of fries and a sandwich cut in half", "a plate filled with a sub sandwich and some fries"]
["A sandwich filled with meat on a plate with salad.", "A cardboard plate holds a BBQ sandwich and a small salad.", "Pulled pork sandwich with a side of toppings. ", "A pulled pork sandwich with lettuce as a side.", "A meal of a bar-b-q sandwich with toppings and a fork on the side."]
["A brown tray topped with a plate of food next to potatoes and a drink.", "A tray on a table with food on the tray", "A tray of food on a table at a restaurant.", "A tray of food on a table that has a sandwich, beans and a side of mashed potatoes in a bowl.", "A tray on a table with plates of food and dipping sauces and a drink."]
["A white bowl filled with vegetables and meat.", "a white bowl filled with many different vegetables", "A white bowl of food with vegetables on a table.", "A bowl of food containing beans and leafy green vegetables.", "A bowl of bean and fresh vegetable delight"]
["A picture of a barbeque sandwich with lettuce on a bun. ", "A meaty BBQ sandwich with lettuce, onions and a pickle.", "A bud with meet and vegetables on the inside", "A person holding a bun with meat and lettuce.", "A rib sandwich with lettuce and grapes are on a poppy seed bun."]
["A counter top with cups of juice next to a sink.", "A few cups of juice near some blenders and a box of carrots.", "Cups with drinks sit on a counter next to a large container of carrots. ", "Three cups of liquid sitting on a counter near a glass container of carrots.", "Five cups full of liquid set on a table."]
["A white bowl filled with vegetable and meat soup.", "A bowl of soup has a red thin broth.", "A bowl of soup placed on a dining table.", "a close up of a plate of food with cucumber ", "A bowl of soup with chicken, zucchini, tomato, shrimp and other foods."]
["A blue cutting board filled with choppes veggies and fruits.", "A blue cutting board holding chopped carrots, parsnips and potatoes.", "Peeled potatoes and chopped veggies on a blue cutting board.", "The root vegetables have been peeled and cut, and are ready for the recipe.", "Peeled and chopped carrots and whole peeled potatoes."]
["A man standing on a skateboard in the middle of the street", "A young man riding a skateboard down a street.", "a skateboarder riding down the middle of the road in the shadows", "A man is on a skateboard on the street.", "a man standing on his skateboard in the middle of the street"]
["A person riding a skateboard on the corner next to a busy street.", "Two woman walking across a street intersection on  a sunny day", "A view through a window of two women walking on a street corner.", "People skateboarding on a concrete surface with a painted dragon.", "Two people standing on the corner of a street."]
["A man riding skis across snow covered ground.", "A man in an orange parka skiing in the snow in front of a government building.", "an image of a man going down the hill on ski", "A person goes skiing in the snow in Washington D.C.", "A man cross country skiing by city buildings"]
["A plate of food that includes peas and pasta.", "There is a plate of pasta with vegetables", "A plate full of food on a table", "Noodles and mixed vegetables fill up a white plate. ", "A white plated topped with pasta and vegetables."]
["A checkered table with plates of food and deep dish pizza.", "A plate sits next to a large deep dish pizza.", "One pizza is fully eaten while other pizzas still have slices left.", "A table topped with a couple of plates of food.", "A table covered with food with red sauce and some drinks."]
["A young man rides a skateboard on the sidewalk.", "a boy riding a skate board in a courtyard", "A man that is standing on a skateboard.", "a young man rides a skateboard along a smooth marble ground", "A person on a skateboard near a building. "]
["A picture of dinner of steak and potatoes by a keyboard.", "A disposable plate with stake, carrots and potatoes. ", "A white plate with some healthy food on the side. ", "Plate of food resting in front of keyboard on the desk", "A white paper plate topped with steak, potatoes and carrots."]
["A woman in blue shirt cutting a frosted cake at table.", "Woman cutting a slice into a birthday or celebration cake.", "A woman cutting into a cake with a knife at a table.", "A woman standing near a cake ready to cut into it", "A woman in a blue shirt holds a knife to a cake."]
["A woman holding a knife who just cut into a cake.", "A young woman cutting into a frosted white cake.", "a woman holding a knife in front of a wooden table and a white frosting covered cake.", "A woman looks mischievous as she holds a cake that makes a knife look bloody.", "A great facial expression on the girl cutting a cake and finding red on the knife "]
["A man and woman are cutting a chocolate heart shaped cake.", "A man and woman sharing a knife to cut a cake.", "Two people cutting a cake on a platter together.", "Two people hold a knife to cut a cake together.", "A happy couple cutting a beautiful cake for a special occasion"]
["Lots of skiers ski down a hill while others ride a ski lift in the background.", "Several skiers are skiing down an indoor slope.", "a bunch of people on skis are in the snow", "People are skiing downhill on a ski slope.", "a couple of skiers on top of a snowy mountain"]
["A group of skiers is headed towards the slope", "A group of people gathered at the bottom of a snow mountain", "Several skiiers on the bottom of a snow covered mountain.", "Several people are gathered around a white snowy mountain top.", "Skiers congregate with a mountain in the background."]
["A plastic figure standing on a miniature skateboard.", "A small toy riding a skateboard next to a miniature ramp.", "A painting of a small child with a skateboard on a slope", "A small sculpture of a person riding on a skateboard", "A very small plastic toy person on a skate board."]
["A tray has a cup and a plate with fries and a hotdog on it.  ", "A plate topped with onion rings and a hot dog.", "A hot dog and onion rings are sitting on a plate. ", "A plate of onion rings and a hot dog at a diner.", "Potato chips, hotdog on top of a container"]
["A person sitting down eating a sandwich next to a street.", "A man in a red sweater holding a croissant with meat inside.", "Someone sitting outside with a bag of food.", "A person sitting outside has a sandwich on their lap.", "A person is sitting down holding a stuffed croissant."]
["A hot dog on a bun wrapped in tinfoil.", "A polish sausage on a bun with grilled onions.", "Grilled kielbasa and onions make a tastier alternative.", "A person that is holding some food in his hand.", "A hot dog with grilled onions sitting on a foil wrap"]
["A hot dog restaurant with neon lights in front of it.", "A brightly lit restaurant on the side of the road at night.", "A street at night with a restaurant that has neon lighted signs for hot dogs.", "Neon signs glowing on a dark street at night.", "a store that has their lights on in the dark of the night."]
["A man holding a foil wrap in his hand near a stove.", "A man makes a hotdog at a street vendor cart.", "a guy that is cooking some kind of food", "A man with a bandanna on serving himself food.", "Man with ponytail digging out condiment for sandwich in hand"]
["A man with tongs in front of hot dogs and buns.", "A man is in the kitchen with hot dog buns.", "A man cooks hot dogs and hot dog buns.", "A man is making hot dogs at a grill.", "A man cooking hot dogs on a grill."]
["A boy in a green shirt stands spread eagle with one foot on a skateboard.", "a man riding on a skate board performing a stunt", "A boy about to fall off of a skate board", "A young make performing a trick on a skateboard.", "A boy doing a trick on a skate board at a park."]
["Two burgers, fries, and a drink sitting on a tray.", "The hamburger, fries and drink are on the tray. ", "a try that has some soda and a burger on it", "a close up of a hamburger on a tray", "A tray with two hamburgers and fries "]
["A cheeseburger is pictured on a tray next to a cup.", "A yummy looking hamburger with cheese, tomatoes, and lettuce.", "A cheese burger that has some lettuce and tomato on it.", "A large double cheeseburger with lettuce and tomato.", "A hamburger covered in cheese and veggies and a bun."]
["A kid eating a chili cheese dog while wearing sunglasses.", "The little boy with sunglasses on top of his head is eating a hot dog.", "a little boy with sunglasses on his head eating a sandwich", "The boy with the sunglasses takes a bite out of his hoagie sandwich.", "A young boy with sunglasses on top of his head eating a sandwich."]
["a man riding a rail with a snowboard", "A man performs a trick on a snowboard on a snowy day.", "A snowboarding that is doing a trick on a rail.", "A person on a snowboard on a metal railing.", "A snowboarder grinding on a rail set in the snow."]
["A large doughnut sign above a shop for doughnuts.", "people standing at a donut shop with a big donut sign on the roof of it ", "A donut shop named Donut King with a giant yellow donut on top of it.", "A giant doughnut atop a small doughnut shop", "A doughnut shop with a large doughnut-shaped sign and several customers."]
["A lady with glasses biting a big sandwich.", "a close up of a person eating a sandwich", "A woman eating a sandwich while wearing a red scarf.", "The lady is eating the sandwich with a smile on her face.", "A woman in glasses is taking a bite of a seemingly messy sandwich.  "]
["A man in foodservice holding baskets with food.", "Smiling man, in red jacket and white apron and cap, holds two red trays with sandwiches.", "Man wearing apron serving hamburgers in a basket.", "A man holding two plates of food with a white apron on.", "A man in a diner holding two baskets of sandwiches."]
["A group of people gather near a table with food.", "Many people are fixing plates at a picnic table.", "A group of people under a tent getting some food.", "A group of people with food out on a table.", "People standing around preparing hot dogs at gathering."]
["A display case filled with lots of different kinds of donuts.", "Assorted donuts are arranged in a glass display.", "Shelves containing wire baskets of a variety of donuts.", "Shelves of donuts of different colors and varieties.", "A display case full of various donuts is shown."]
["A person holding a giant hot dog on a bun.", "a hot dog wrapped in some bread and other food items", "A sausage is baked into a loaf of bread with some condiments.", "A person is holding a wiener in their hand.  ", "A well browned baguette with a hot dog baked inside."]
["A man in a white shirt is taking a big bite. ", "A man biting into a large hotdog, with many more waiting", "A man is eating a number of sandwiches next to a bottle of water.", "The eating competitor is intently devouring his food.", "A man chows down on a mustard covered hot dog. "]
["Two women eating hot dogs with mustard and buns.", "Two girls are eating hot dogs in a contest.", "Two women eating hot dogs in a eating contest.", "Two women eating hot dogs topped with chili and cheese\n.", "Two women eating hotdogs while wearing bikinis at the beach."]
["A donut that has powdered sugar and chocolate filling.", "a person is holding some food with a bit taken out", "a close up of a person holding a doughnut", "The donut has meat fillings in the middle.", "A close shot of a half eaten pastry."]
["A white tray topped with donuts near a bag.", "a plate containing a bag and several pastries ", "Several different doughnuts that are on a tray.", "A green, yellow and icing filled doughnut on trays.", "THERE ARE DOUGHNUTS THAT ARE ON THE TABLE "]
["A tray of doughnuts is sitting next to a fryer.", "A conveyor belt with lots of donuts on top of it.", "A conveyor belt that has fresh doughnuts being made and processed.", "a bunch of doughnuts that are on a conveyor belt", "Donuts are being removed from a conveyor belt."]
["Food sits on plates lined up on a counter. ", "A restaurant table with three plates of pastries laid out.", "Desserts are shown lined up at a table bar.", "Several plates of food that are on a table together.", "A bar table with three plates containing donuts."]
["A small pizza topped with red peppers, green peppers, and onions. ", "A pizza cut into wedges on a wooden cutting board.", "There is a puffy pizza on a cutting board", "A cut pizza with cheese and vegetables on a table.", "A pizza on a wooden plate during the day."]
["A pizza with thick crust sitting on a table.", "A delicious cooked pizza is set on a brown table. ", "A thick crusted pizza just taken out of the oven", "A small cheesy pizza is displayed on a cutting board.", "The personal size pizza has cheese and pineapple toppings."]
["A man flying through the air while riding a snowboard.", "A man on a snowboard in the air above a pile of snow. ", "A person is high in the air on their skateboard.", "Snowboarder performs airborne stunt after doing a jump.", "A person up in the air on a snowboard."]
["The snowboarder has jumped high into the air from a snow ramp.", "A person is hanging in the air near a building.", "A person flying through the air on top of a snowboard.", "An outside photo of signs, and lamp poles among the trees.", "A snowboarder hitting a trick off a giant ramp."]
["A box of donuts with a coffee in front of it.", "a box of doughnuts sit next to a cup of coffee ", "A box filled with donuts on top of a table.", "so many do nuts in a box and a coffee cup", "A box of donuts and a cup of coffee."]
["Three boys are sitting and eating some food.", "there are three boys sitting in a stadium eating", "The three friends are enjoying their afternoon snack.", "three little boys sitting down on some stands eating.", "THREE CHILDREN SITTING IN THE BLEACHERS EATING DONUTS"]
["Men on a baseball diamond playing baseball, a man just swung", "A professional baseball pitcher reacting to a struck ball.", "a pitcher looking like hes going to fall as the batter swings his bat ", "A baseball game played by adults in uniforms.", "The action in a baseball game is in full swing."]
["Six uncooked doughnuts sit on a baking tray.", "Six doughnut doughs displayed on a cookie sheet.", "Six fresh bagels waiting to go into the oven.", "Six donuts on a pan before they were cooked.", "a number of uncooked doughnuts on a tray"]
["A cheesy hot dog with a large green pickle next to an iPhone.", "A hotdog in a bun with a pickle next to a mobile phone. ", "a cellphone sitting next to a hot dog and a pickle ", "A cell phone is laying inside of a box with a submarine sandwich.", "A to-go box with a chicken and cheese sub in it and a pickle and a phone."]
["A little girl holding a donut in her hand.", "a little girl that has a big doughnut in hand", "A girl with a scarf on her head holding a donut with icing. ", "A girl holding a doughnut on a paper towel.", "A little girl standing in a kitchen holding a doughnut."]
["A man holds a plate of food while he works on a laptop.", "A man holds a round yellow plate full of food, with a hand on his keyboard of the arm of the chair he's sitting in.", "A man on a Macintosh holding a plate of dinner.", "A man is using the computer with one hand and holding food with the other", "A person is holding some food and on a computer."]
["A row of wooden surfboards sitting on a rack on the beach.", "A beach area with a set of surfboards standing upright in a surfboard holder.", "Long board surfboards stacked up on a rack on the beach", "a rack of surfboards sits in the sun", "Beautiful large surfboards on a rack at the beach."]
["No image is displaying to describe in this box.", "A man walking down a beach with surfboards on top of his head.", "A young man carrying a surfboard with another balanced on his head walking down the beach at dusk.", "A boy holding surfboards at the beach around sunset.", "A man holding a surfboard and balancing more on his head."]
["The man is catching a wave at the ocean.", "A surfer is riding a wave in the blue ocean.", "A surfer riding a wave in the ocean.", "A surfer riding a medium sized wave on the ocean.", "a person riding a surf board on a wave"]
["A ukelele is passed over a table with cake and lots of food.", "Hands holding a jar over a table cluttered with food.", "A variety of food on a picnic blanket and a ukulele", "A person holding a small guitar over some food.", "A table is full of food in bowls and boxes."]
["People at a beach playing in the water or carrying water boards.", "A crowd of surfers and swimmers enjoy a day at the beach.", "Several people are spending the day at the beach.", "People on a beach near a large city and a hill", "A boy comes out of the water while a girl with a air mattress goes in."]
["a couple of plates of food that has a stick in it", "Photos showing plated food and cats consuming food.", "Four pictures of food, a sandwich with a tooth pick and the work yum and two cats looking at food on a plate.", "Four photographs of a tray of cat food and cats.", "A series of photos of plates filled with food."]
["A white surf board sitting on top of a beach next to the ocean.", "A white surfboard with various writing sits in the sand.", "Surf board on beach used as a marketing sign.", "White surfboard with a business name written on the bottom. ", "A surfboard is decorated and sitting in the sand."]
["A slice of layer cake on  a plate that is garnished", "A marble counter with a white plate of cake and champagne flutes.", "Some cheesecake placed neatly on a plate. ", "A slice of cake and strawberries on white plate.", "A piece of cake is on the plate next to champagne."]
["a pastry store with  many cupcakes on display", "some muffins and cupcakes on display on top of a counter", "a counter top with some cup cakes sitting on it ", "chocolate queen cakes on a glass plate with some labels", "A tray of cup cakes sitting on top of a counter."]
["A man holding a purple hose on top of waves near a sandy beach.", "A young person drags a surfboard through the water on the beach.", "A person holding on to a blue surfboard on a beach.", "A guy dragging a surf board along the beach.", "A man that is holding a surfboard near the water"]
["Two people carrying surfboards through a train station.", "a man and a woman both carry surfboards at a train station", "A young person holding a surfboard next to a man.", "Girl holds a surfboard while guy carries his in a bag", "A man and woman traveling on the subway with surfboards. "]
["The surfboards are standing upright and are held in place by a rope. ", "Several yellow surf boards are lined up on the beach. ", "some colorful surfboards sitting on a rack ", "Many identical yellow surfboards are upright in a display.", "The surfboards are all lined up. some are yellow"]
["A woman with a life jacket on holding onto a rope while engaging in a water sport. ", "a person on a board is being pulled by a boat", "A man that is standing on a wake board in the water.", "A woman riding a board on top of water while being towed.", "An athlete is performing on a surfboard on a lake."]
["a child cutting a soccer themed cake on a table ", "A happy child slicing into a soccer themed cake", "A little boy excited while cutting a soccer ball shaped cake.", "Several young boys admiring a soccer themed birthday cake.", "The birthday boy cuts the cake while his teammates watch."]
["a soccer player kicks a ball directly at the goalkeeper. ", "A soccer player kicking a ball at a goalie on a field.", "A man sitting on the grass after kicking a soccer ball towards a man.", "Some players in action on the soccer field.", "two men on a grassy field playing soccer"]
["Men playing soccer in a green field while the coach looks on.", "there are many men on the field playing soccer", "Men playing soccer on a soccer field ", "Two teams chase a player that has kicked a soccer ball.", "a group of guys playing a soccer game "]
["A picture so blurry it is hurting my eyes, a cat on a bed.", "A cat sits on a blanket on a bed. ", "A blurry photo of a cat on the bed.", "A blurry photo of a kitten on a bed playing with a scarf.", "A blurry picture of a at on a bed."]
["A mattress laying on a floor next to a wall.", "A bed with a plaid bedspread turned down. ", "A bed with plaid sheets and blankets next to a wall.", "An unmade bed with a pillow and a comforter. ", "An empty green and blue room with a bed."]
["A bed is lying in a small room.", "This is a bed in someones bedroom with red blankets. ", "a well made bed in a neat room", "A red bed sitting under a picture mounted to a wall.", "a big bed sitting in a room next to a window "]
["A fan is on the floor next to the nightstand beside a bed.", "A very nice, but tiny bedroom, with a very tiny bed.", "A bed with a night stand and cooling fan.", "A nicely designed bedroom with a red bed. ", "A room with a twin size bed and a fan."]
["A bed has a blue cover and is near a stone wall.", "A bed with a painting at the head board and a red cloth lying at the foot of it.", "A room with a large blue table topped with a red cloth.", "a bed room wit ha neatly made bed a night sand and a table", "A red handkerchief lays flat on a bed."]
["a bedroom with a bed chair desk and a window", "A small bedroom with a bed and a desk", "A bedroom with a bed, desk, and window.", "A bed sitting next to a window across from a desk.", "A small room with a bed, a desk, and a big window."]
["A person kicking a soccer ball and another person trying to steal it, in a soccer game.", "A group of young boys in action in a soccer game.", "Two soccer teams playing soccer with one player trying to steal the ball from another.", "A group of children on a field playing soccer.", "Two youth teams go after a soccer ball."]
["A small bedroom with a desk and computer in it.", "A bedroom that has a desk, chair, and bed in it.", "A chair sitting in front of a brown desk.", "A desk beside a window in a bedroom", "a bed and a desk and chair by a big window"]
["A man sits at a full dining table.", "A boy wearing glasses sitting at a dinner table with a cake, presents and coffee in front of him.", "A man standing next to a counter with a giant cake.", "a male in a gray shirt a table and a cake", "The man sits at a table with a cake and a cup of coffee."]
["A bed topped with an old fashioned portable tv and a boom box.", "A small tv and radio sitting on a bed", "a bed with a small television and a cd boombox sitting on top. ", "A storage room filled with food and a big bed underneath. ", "a  portable cd player sitting next to a portable mini television on top of a bed."]
["there are many young boys playing soccer together", "A boy is kicking a soccer ball away from his team's goal.", "a couple kids playing a game of soccer.", "Several children running down a field after a soccer ball.", "A bunch of kids participate in a soccer game."]
["A bedroom that looks like a hotel room includes a television and bed.", "A hotel room with personal belongings thrown about.", "An empty hotel room with a tv and desk with chair.", "Small bed room with a television and a personal work table.", "A hotel room with items strewn about it."]
["A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "Surfboarders are riding waves in the ocean together", "A couple of people of surf boards in the ocean.", "a person riding a surf board on a body of water ", "Two men are surfing on a wave in the ocean."]
["A bed with a laptop computer sitting on top of it.", "A laptop computer sits closed on a bed.", "A tiny bedroom with a MacBook sitting on a bed.", "An apple laptop sits on this person's bed", "An apple laptop on top of the bed."]
["A group of people and surfboards in the water.", "A crowd of people are playing in the ocean.", "a number of people in a body of water ", "View of a boat drive at the beach.", "People are wading and surfing in the water at a beach."]
["A person on a surf board riding some rough waves.", "A man is riding the waves on his surfboard. ", "a person riding a surf board on a wave", "A surfer is riding the waves on his surfboard.", "There is a surfer wearing a body suit riding a wave"]
["A man riding a blue surfboard on a wave in the ocean.", "A young man appears to be taking a break from the waves. ", "a person riding a surfboard in a body of water", "A man is riding on the back end of his surfboard", "A young man water surfing near a beach"]
["Different types of ice creams  and cold drinks are seen in a shop.", "A bakery with a display tray of cupcakes decorated and labeled.", "Various kinds of cupcakes on display on the counter.", "A plate filled with chocolate and vanilla cupcakes. ", "There are cupcakes in the window at the bakery."]
["A colonial style bed with a white bedspread.", "The bed is big it has a white blanket on it.", "A bedroom with a wooden bed frame and mirror.", "A wooden bed with white bedspread and a mirror", "The bed in the bedroom is made up and ready to sleep in. "]
["THREE PEOPLE OUT SURFING THE WAVES UNDER A CLEAR SKY", "a man on a surfboard at the beach.", "A man riding a wave on a surfboard in the ocean.", "People surfing close to shore on a fairly calm ocean", "A person that is riding a wave in the ocean."]
["Two people laying on surfboards riding a wave.", "an image of two people surfing in the water", "Two surfers paddle over the waves on their bellies. ", "People try to keep their balance while in the water. ", "Two people paddle their surfboards over a wave."]
["a child a a table with a large cake ", "The child stands near a large cake shaped like a castle.", "A child looks at a giant birthday cake", "The little girl is looking at the cake that was made for her.", "A strangely decorated birthday cake sitting on a kitchen table."]
["A beautiful woman in a wedding dress cutting cake with her husband.", "A bride and groom are cutting into a cake.", "a bride and groom are cutting a red and white cake", "A newly wedded husband and wife cut the cake", "A bridge and groom are cutting the cake."]
["A newly married couple standing in front of a cake.", "A couple of people with a cake on a table.", "A young bride smiles at the crowd while she and her groom cut the cake. ", "The bride and groom begins to cut their red and white wedding cake.", "a bride and a groom standing in front of a cake,"]
["A bride and a groom cutting a slice of wedding cake at a reception.", "A married couple cutting a red and white wedding cake together. ", "A young bride and her groom cut the cake at the wedding reception.", "Couple cutting their wedding cake in a wood panelled room", "A bride and groom cutting a cake together."]
["A nude women reclines on a bed with a red bed spread.", "A naked woman on a bed with red covers.", "A nude woman lies in a contorted position on a bed.", "A severely slender person is laying on a bed.", "A naked women that is laying on a bed."]
["A bedroom with a picture frames on the wall and lamp next to it. ", "A bed sitting in the corner of a room next to a wooden dresser.", "A bed inside a bedroom next to a nightstand.", "A bedroom with a bed and a nightstand.", "A bedroom with a side table and some pictures on the wall"]
["A cake with dark frosting, six purple candles and floral decorations.", "A chocolate cake decorated with flowers and long, purple candles sits on a blue plate on the floor.", "The cake is chocolate and decorated with colorful flowers. ", "a close up of a cake on a plate", "A chocolate cake with flowers and purple candles."]
["A plush alligator on a bed covered with a bedspread and pillows with a lamp on above the bed.", "Stuffed white alligator plush toy lying on a bed.", "A made bed with a stuffed animal alligator on it.", "A stuffed white alligator sits in the middle of a bed.", "A stuffed alligator lying on top of a neat bed."]
["A four post bed in a spacious room with an ottoman", "A  clean and neat bedroom with a four poster bed, a dresser, two night stands and several pictures all in dark wood with neutral tones on walls ad floor.", "Tue bed in the large bedroom has four pillows on it.", "A bedroom with a four poster bed. and nightstand.", "A dark wood four-poster bed with fresh white linen is in the tasteful hotel room. "]
["A pair of pizza rolls for sale are on a plate.", "Two big pizza rolls sitting on a plate with a sign near it", "a display of sample pizza rolls next to a snack bar or buffet", "Two pizza rolls on a tray with a sign up", "A pizza roll on a plate at a diner."]
["A man in a uniform kicking a soccer ball on a green field.", "The man kicks the soccer ball while his team mate watches.", "a person kicking a soccer ball on a field", "an image of a man kicking a soccer ball", "Guys in a green grassy field paying soccer"]
["An old photo of a girl reading the newspaper.", "A woman is laying on her side in bed, reading a paper.", "A woman laying in bed with large breast reading a paper.", "a woman looking at a news paper on the ground", "An old Polaroid picture of a girl lying on a bed reading a newspaper."]
["A cat sitting on top of a mans lap next to a keyboard.", "A cat sitting on a man's lap with his keyboard. ", "A black and white photo of a cat on a mans lap. ", "A very cute cat sitting on a guy's lap with a keyboard.", "A cat is laying on the lap of a man playing video games."]
["a close up of a person sitting at a table eating pizza", "Woman in green sweatshirt sitting at a table eating  pizza.", "A lady sitting at a table eating pizza.", "a female in a green shirt a drink and pizza", "A woman eats a slice of cheese pizza."]
["A group of people sitting at a table eating plates of food.", "A group of kids sitting at a table, eating pizza.", "Many children sit around wooden picnic tables eating pizza.", "A group of young children in green shirts eat slices of pizza together.", "Many kids sit at a picnic table and eat. "]
["A cut pizza and a glass on a table.", "Sliced pizza served on plate next to beverage at table.", "A plate of pizza and a glass of beer is on a table.", "A personal sized pizza on a red plate on a wood table next to a drink.", "A sliced up personal pizza on a plate"]
["An elegant bedroom with a draped, decorated bed.", "A large bed with a canopy of sheets around the corners.", "A king sized canopy bed in a rustic bedroom.", "A bedroom area with a bed, nightstand, lamp and table.", "A bed with a bunch of white drapes on it."]
["A small kid and a man with some food.", "a male in a blue shirt and a small boy eating food", "A man and child are eating the pizza outside", "A man and an overweight child are eating together.", "Father and son eating pizza off box on sidewalk "]
["A woman swinging at a tennis ball on the court", "On a clay tennis court a player in an orange tennis dress hits a tennis ball while the lines people watch.", "A woman plays a match of tennis and prepares to hit the ball.", "Female tennis player in an athletic pose with a tennis ball near her. ", "a tennis player on a tennis court swinging a tennis racket"]
["Tennis players do give congratulations to their opponents.", "two tennis players embracing on a court ", "The two female tennis players are trading pleasantries.", "Two woman near a tennis net talking to eachother.", "The tennis players greet each other over the net."]
["A homemade pizza sitting on a cutting board on a counter.", "there is a small freshly baked pizza on a wooden board", "Different kinds of toppings on top of a pizza. ", "A pizza on a wooden pan with multiple toppings. ", "A pizza is atop a wooden cutting board, with cheese and various toppings."]
["A keyboard rug lies on the floor by two chairs.", "A classroom with a rug on the floor that looks like a computer keyboard", "A floor mat with a keyboard design in a classroom.", "A rug designed to look like a computer keyboard.", "A huge keyboard mat on the ground in a room."]
["a cat sitting on a floor in front of a laptop", "An orange and black cat sitting on top of a laptop computer.", "Cat laying  on a desk and watching a computer screen.", "A cat laying on a laptop looking as if it;s reading the screen.", "The cat is laying on top of the laptop. "]
["A large cut pizza on a tray on a table.", "Two black trays holding pizza and plate of salad.", "Pizza and salad are the meals on the trays", "A pizza sits on a white plate near a tray with a salad on it.", "A pizza on a pizza pan sitting on top of a tray."]
["A small pizza with toppings and a pizza cutter.", "A plate with meat and spoon on the table", "A few small pieces of pizza left on a plate with a pizza cutter.", "A cute pizza and cutter on a surface.", "What can only be described as an interesting and presumably authentic dish.  "]
["A man rises to his toes on a tennis court.", "A man is playing tennis on a tennis court.", "A man playing tennis on a tennis court.", "A man playing a game of tennis and people in the crowd watching. ", "A tennis player prepares to hit the ball"]
["A man holding a tennis racket running to hit the ball.", "Tennis player strolling onto court, about to serve", "A man playing tennis indoors on a blue court.", "A male tennis player holding a green tennis racket.", "A tennis player stands with his racquet at the baseline."]
["A woman is in action on the tennis court.", "A woman playing tennis on the tennis court", "A pretty young lady swinging a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A woman with a yellow hat playing tennis. ", "A female tennis player lunges to hit the ball."]
["A woman with tennis racket and ball wearing all white. ", "A woman holding a tennis ball and racquet about to serve.", "a woman in tennis clothes holding a tennis racket and ball ", "A sweaty woman in white is playing tennis.", "A woman leans forward before she serves a tennis ball. "]
["a close up of a tennis player holding a racket and a ball", "A woman gets ready to serve at a tennis match", "A woman holding a tennis ball and racquet on a court.", "A woman wearing white playing tennis, about to serve.", "a woman gets ready to perform a serve "]
["A woman playing tennis in a white outfit", "A female tennis player returning a shot on the court.", "a tennis player jumping up to hit the ball", "A woman tennis player dressed in white has her racquet raised.", "A beautiful young blonde girl swinging a tennis racquet."]
["A beautiful woman holding a tennis ball and racquet.", "A woman getting ready to hit a tennis ball on a court.", "a woman with a tennis racket gets ready to hit a ball ", "A woman tennis player with a racket and ball in a service stance on the court.", "A tennis player prepares to serve a tennis ball."]
["A woman in a short skirt holding a tennis racquet.", "A woman is playing a game of tennis.", "Woman in a blue dress serving on a tennis court.", "A female serving a tennis ball in front of a crowd.", "A woman serving a tennis ball in a public match."]
["a lady that has a pink racket in hand", "A close up of a female tennis player holding a racket.", "A tennis player posed to hit a tennis ball with a tennis racket. ", "there is a female tennis player on the court", "A woman swinging a tennis racquet in the air."]
["A man holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.", "a man is reaching back with a tennis racket", "A man throws a tennis ball in order to hit it.", "A man prepares to hit a tennis ball at a tennis court.", "A person is getting ready to serve a tennis ball."]
["A pizza sitting on top of a wooden cutting board.", "A pizza is freshly baked and topped with arugula.", "i pizza with garnish presented on a piece of wood", "A pizza with cheese and spinach sitting on a wooden plate.", "A pizza on a wood platter with greens on top."]
["'A pizza topped with cheese and meat with bacon.", "This pizza is topped with sauce, cheese, sausage, and pepperoni.", "There is a pizza with sausage on it.", "A picture of pizza with melted cheese and sauce.", "a close up of a cheese and sausage pizza"]
["A white paper plate holding two pieces of pizza.", "A slice and a half of sausage pizza on a paper plate", "One and a half pieces of pizza on a paper plate.", "an image of a slice of pizza on a paper plate", "Pizza is sitting on a plate with a fork."]
["A cooked pizza sitting in a pizza box.", "The pizza in the box has many vegetables on it.", "A pizza with peppers, tomatoes, chicken and cheese.", "A small pizza with assorted vegetable toppings in a delivery box.", "A large sliced pizza on a plate on a table."]
["A living room filled with lots of furniture and seats.", "A living room decorated in a sleek style.", "A couch and table in a large room.", "A very large room with a very long couch and big windows.", "A living area with chairs, long sofa and coffee table."]
["The long couches are sitting in front of the windows.", "A living room is decorated with a colorful assortment of furniture and pillows.", "A long couch with many pillows, a table and some seat cushions around it.", "A very modern Frank Lloyd Wright living room.", "a living room with a really long couch below some windows "]
["A view of  person in a mask holding up a tooth  brush.", "Darth Vader in a bathroom holding a toothbrush in one hand and staring at it.", "Darth Vader holding up a tooth brush in his right hand.", "a picture of a dark figure looking at a tooth brush. ", "Darth Vader staring at a toothbrush he is holding in his hand"]
["A room with two tables sitting around a fire place.", "This is a photo of someones kitchen in their home. ", "tables with green tablecloths displayed with plates, books and a black hat with a red bow", "A room with two tables with green table clothes.", "Tables in a room are covered with green cloths."]
["A foot stool sitting in a room under a mirror.", "A room with marble walls and a large mirror.", "a tan stool a white flower and a glass vase and mirror", "A living area with a counter, ottoman and mirror.", "A brown ottoman sits near a black counter in a vacant room."]
["A loving couple who has fallen to sleep together on a couch. ", "Two women snuggle together while lying on a couch.", "Two lovers lay in one anthers embrace on their couch.", "Two women cuddling with each other on a couch.", "Two people cuddling on a small couch in a living room."]
["A Christmas tree sitting in a  living room.", "A picture of a small living room in someone's apartment. ", "There is a Christmas tree in a living room.", "A living room with a lot of furniture and accessories", "A living room is shown with a Christmas tree in the corner."]
["A couch sitting in front of a rub on a hard wood floor.", "A clean living area with a brown sofa with green pillows.", "The organized living room has brown couch, green cushions, glass panel window and red cushion on the floor. ", "Brown couch with green pillows sitting on a hardwood floor.", "A brown colored couch in a room with a large windown, wood flooring and a brown rug in the center of the floor."]
["A living room filled with black leather furniture and a fire place.", "A floor looks rounded in a neat clean living room.", "The interior of a living room with a fireplace and wood floors.", "A LIVING ROOM WITH A TV AND FIRE PLACE ", "A modern living room with black couch and fireplace."]
["The girl is enjoying brushing her teeth in the mirror.", "A series of photos showing a beautiful woman brushing her teeth.", "Some images of a very pretty girl brushing her teeth.", "A montage of a woman brushing her teeth.", "four pictures of a lady brushing her teeth"]
["A living room with a large picture window features a flat screen television set, red dog bed, chair, coffee table and couch.", "A spacey living room with a flat screen television.", "A living room with a television, hardwood floors, couch, red cushion and wide panel window", "Modern living room with flat panel TV and sound system.", "Apartment living room showing tv and few furnishings."]
["A living room in a remotely located home.", "a window a picture a gray couch and a door", "the inside of a living room with a skeleton image on the window ", "A couch in a living room with a large window", "A living room with a sofa underneath a large window."]
["A father and son play Wii in the living room.", "A boy and a man playing video games sitting on a couch.", "A man and child playing video games indoors", "An older man and younger boy playing video games.", "Two young boys playing a game on the wii."]
["A man and woman holding electronic devices in their hands.", "Two children playing video games while a man talks on the phone.", "a man on a phone and two little girls playing a video game", "a group of people standing in a room playing a video game ", "one person on a cellular phone looking at a monitor screen next to a person holding a game controller in front of the same monitor"]
["an image of a kitchen and joined living room", "There is a living room with chairs in it", "a living room with a green chair and a television on a dresser", "A living room filled with furniture and a flat screen TV.", "a very nice house very well arranged chairs"]
["A young boy holding a game controller ", "a little boy in a red shirt with a wii remote", "a little boy plays nintendo wii by the television", "Littleboy been playing with a Nintendo Wii and amused", "A young boy with short hair playing Wii and smiling."]
["A young boy wearing a red shirt holding a Nintendo Wii controller.", "A boy reacts as he plays a video game.", "Small boy in a living room holding up a Wii controller. ", "A young boy playing video games in a room", "A small boy playing a Wii video game."]
["Three men are playing a video game together.", "Three men in a room holding the Nintendo Wii remote.", "People are standing in a room playing Wii.", "A group of men holding Nintendo Wii game controllers.", "Three young men in a classroom holding video game remotes."]
["A group of men standing around holding game controllers.", "A group of guys playing a video game together.", "A group of men stand playing a video game.", "The guys are standing around playing a video game with their controllers.", "Four men playing a video game together in a large white room."]
["A living room filled with furniture and windows.", "a room with two white couches and a gray couch some chairs and a picture", "The living room is decorated in a contemporary style.", "A group of couches are sitting in a large room.", "A large sitting room with several couches and chairs."]
["A place with couches, chairs,  tables,  and bookshelves.", "A room with a fireplace and lots of chairs and couches around the room", "This meeting area has fireplace and two bookshelves.", "A library with furniture for sitting and a fireplace.", "Big room with shelves full of books and multiple couches and chairs"]
["A combination living room/dining room with a large cream colored sofa and two brown ottomans.", "a sofa two ottomans and a dinette set", "A brown couch sitting under a painting on top of a wall.", "An open kitchen with dark wood cabinets opens to a seating area which is vacant.", "Brown leather couch sitting against the wall facing open kitchen. "]
["A person that is standing and holding a game controller. ", "A male subject holding a video game remote control.", "The man is enjoying playing with his controller.", "A person playing a game with a remote controller.", "The person stands with a video game remote near sitting women. "]
["In this living room the television is on, a dog is sleeping on the floor, and snacks are on the coffee table.", "A living room after a small gathering with a dog laying on the floor.", "a dog lying on a carpet and a screen on", "A living room filled with furniture sitting in front of a TV.", "A dog is laying on the living room floor with the TV on."]
["A living room filled with furniture and a flat screen TV.", "A living room area with couches and a television.", "I am unable to see an image above.", "Living room with large television and wooden floors. ", "A cat sits on one of the couches in a living room.  "]
["A living room filled with furniture and a TV.", "A dog pokes its head up from the couch that it's lying on.", "A dog peaking his head up from laying on the couch in the living room.", "A living room area with a couch and seating area, and television on a stand.", "A living room with a couch that has a dog peeking over the top."]
["A couch, chair, dining room table and television sitting in a room.", "A room with a couch, tv monitor and a table", "The room has a large television set for us to watch. ", "An unoccupied living room with a flat screen tv turned on.", "A living area with a chair, table and television."]
["A table and television in a small room.", "A television that is turned on in a living room.", "The television in the room is airing something with no one present. ", "A flat screen TV on top of a TV stand in a living room.", "A flat screen tv in a living room with several windows."]
["A living room is filled with brown furniture.", "a bunch of brown furniture in a room", "A living room with a couch sitting under a mirror.", "A fully decorated living room with couches, tables and chairs.", "A living room that has a sofa a love seat combination in front of a large coffee table and a mirror on the wall."]
["A coffee table on a rug in a living room.", "A modern wooden table sits in the middle of a living room. ", "a room with a very nice table and a sreen", "A room with a rug, table, chair, plant and a cushion on the floor. ", "a living room that has a coffee table in it"]
["A man sitting on a bed with a dog while holding a cell phone. ", "A man and dog are interacting on a bed.", "A man is looking at his small dog.", "A man with a dog on his lap sitting on a bed.", "A guy is sitting on a bed with a dog."]
["A red couch sitting in a living room next to a table.", "a couch that is red with a coffee table", "Living room with sofa, coffee table , chair and end table. ", "A glass topped coffee table in front of a red couch.", "a red coach is in a living room"]
["A living area with a kid playing, a piano and windows.", "Blurry photograph of a child tumbling on furniture in the living room", "A child using furniture pieces to practice tumbling.", "The child flips his body onto the sofa.", "a living room with a young person some couches and a piano"]
["A top down view of a computer and keyboard", "Assorted electronic computer equipment on desk with large monitor.", "A small desk has a computer monitor and other electronics.", "A desk with keyboard, lamp, cellphone and monitor.", "A home computer and keyboard on a desk."]
["A desktop computer sitting on top of a desk.", "A neat and tidy home desk with an old computer", "A desk with a computer, telephone and speakers on it. ", "A home computer and a keyboard on a desk.", "A desk with various electronics and a computer with a screensaver"]
["A full view of a home office with many computer screens. ", "Three computer screens and a keyboard sit on a desk.", "There are three monitors on the desk all of them are turned on. ", "A group of computer screens on a desk.", "A computer desk with three monitors on top of it."]
["A couple of people that are sitting on a couch.", "there is a man and a woman with a baby sitting on the couch", "A man and a woman sitting on a couch with a little boy.", "Adults and a small child relaxing on a couch while watching a screen.", "A man and a woman sitting next to a boy watching something with great attention."]
["Assorted items sit on a desk next to a laptop computer.", "a close up of a desk with a keyboard and monitor", "Many items including plastic cups have been placed beside computer.", "A computer desk with a monitor, keyboard, and a messy counter top.", "Cluttered computer desk with trash, empty glasses, and medication."]
["Old fashioned computers are lined up on a desk.", "Electronic keyboard and computers on display on long table.", "A row of computers and keyboards on a table.", "A computer keyboard sitting on top of a desk.", "This row of keyboards and mouses are sitting on a table in front of computer monitors."]
["A living area with tables, a sofa and multiple windows.", "A table sitting inside of a room next to a window.", "a room wit ha table some mats to sit on and a fan", "A short table with cushions surrounding it in a log cabin.", "a living room with a couch and two low wooden tables with floor cushions in a log cabin."]
["The car is speeding past a girl on a bike.", "a person sitting on a bike while using their cell phone", "A girl on her bike sits at the side of a busy street and talks on her cell phone. ", "Girl on a bike talks on her cell phone on a busy street", "A person riding a bike while talking on a cell phone."]
["A woman is talking on the phone while on the bus", "Another passenger on public transportation talking on a cell phone.", "A woman talks on her cellphone while riding a city bus.", "A woman with her legs crossed sitting on a train seat.", "A woman sits on a bus talking on her phone."]
["A group of people sitting next to each other in a  room.", "A group of several girls trying to an autograph from a person.", "A group of young people taking notes on small pads", "A group of people all huddled around each other.", "there are many people very close to each other"]
["a stone top with a clock inside of it ", "A sculpture is on a street with a clock and a city map on the sides.", "A clock on the side of the street with a street map. ", "A clock sitting in the middle of a road.", "A small tower with a clock and map on it at a city intersection. "]
["A white clock tower between two pine trees. ", "A white clock tower with clocks on both sides of the walls shown and an upper room with windows above the clocks.", "A clock tower framed by trees against a blue sky", "A large white brick clock tower towering over trees.", "A photo of a large brick clock tower."]
["The living room has been decorated with many bright colors.", "A living room with two sofas, an ottoman and a coffee table.", "A typical family room with a coffee table and two couches.", "A room has a blue couch across from a beige couch.", "The living and dining rooms of an old house"]
["A large clock that is in between two pillars. ", "there is a old vintage clock that os standing by a wall", "A large wooden clock sitting in between two pillars.", "a finely decorated grandfather clock between two marble pillars", "A clock sitting next to very nice pillars."]
["There are people that are flying kites in the air", "a man and little girl that is flying a kite", "A guy holds a colorful kite and a girl walks next to him on the beach.", "Are they on the beach to fly their big kite?", "The man and the girl are flying a kite at the beach."]
["A small child with a kite walking on a beach.", "A little girl is walking near a lakefront while holding her kite.", "A girl carrying a kite walks along a beach.", "A girl holding a colorful kite walks along a beach front.", "A woman walking across a sandy beach holding a little kite."]
["Two men holding a red its with people standing in the distance.", "A group of people are preparing a parasail for a surfer.", "two people holding a kite on the sand of a beach shore line.", "two people on a beach with a kite", "Two men holding a parasol on a beach."]
["Parachutes fly through the sky above the ocean. ", "Two people with para sails at the beach with a drift fence.", "Two parachutes are deployed over the sunny beach", "A wooden fence leaning over on a beach while people fly kites", "people wave sailing with a parachute at the beach"]
["A woman holding a cup looking at her laptop.", "a young lady drinks coffee as she uses her laptop", "A young woman on a macbook drinking a beverage.", "A girl holding a cup in her hand while looking at her laptop.", "A woman sitting in front of a laptop computer holding a cup of coffee."]
["A bear is dressed dup to coordinate with the Christmas display behind him.", "Large stuffed bear wearing a Santa suit by a window.", "there is a large stuffed bear outside of this store", "A tall teddy bear sitting outside of a building.", "Large teddy bear in holiday coat stands outside decorated room as seen through windows."]
["A bear that is sitting down with a red hat.", "A very cute looking stuffed animal with a funny hat.", "a very large teddy bear that is sitting on a chair", "Large stuffed bear with a cap and nightshirt sitting up in a chair.", "A brown bear sitting in a  chair while wearing a red hat."]
["Kites fly high in the air over a park.", "A group of people are flying kites outdoors.", "People are gathered in a field flying kites.", "a number of people in a field with kits flying above", "People in a park enjoying flying kites on a windy day"]
["people in a field lfying many kites flying in the sky", "A bunch of jelly fish kites being flown in a field", "A scene of octopus kites in multiple colors flown over a grassy hill.", "There are many squid looking kites in the sky.", "A bunch of people flying kites that look like octopuses. "]
["A shopping mall filled with lots of different shops.", "A clock is displayed in the center of a building with many shops.", "Several layers of a building with a clock in the middle space.", "An ornate multi-level indoor shopping mall showing the main clock.  ", "There are many store windows  on several levels in this building."]
["A chandelier, made of baseballs and bats, hangs from a metal roof.", "The inside of a building with a sculpture of baseball bats and baseballs hanging from the ceiling.", "A chandelier fashioned out of baseballs and bats.", "A light fixture made from baseball bats and balls.", "Decorative baseball item hanging from ceiling using baseballs and baseball bats"]
["A baseball jersey that is sitting next to a bat and plaque.", "The baseball memorabilia is being displayed in the showcase.", "A display of Braves antique baseball memorabilia in a case. ", "An Atlanta Braves jersey, bat and plaque are on display here", "A museum display featuring professional baseball jersey and bat."]
["A vase filed with flowers and plants on a book shelf.", "A base with an array of feathers sits on top of a bookcase.", "A vase with orange leaves sits on a bookshelf.", "A glass vase with water and multi-colored pants are on top of a bookcase.", "Pink, yellow, and green flowers sitting in a glass vase on a bookshelf. "]
["A man is riding a bicycle and flying a kite.", "A man flying a string of kites on a bike. ", "A man riding a bicycle and flying a kite down a street.", "this is a man on a bike with a kite", "A man that is sitting on a bike."]
["A woman sitting on a couch in front of an open laptop computer.", "A woman leaning back in her seat looking at a laptop.", "A girl with a her feet up using a laptop in a car.", "A girl in a car sits bored on a seat with a laptop.", "A woman sitting in a car with a laptop on her legs."]
["A young boy holding a kite while running across a field.", "A boy is running with a space shuttle shaped kite.", "A small boy holding a kit and running in the grass.", "A boy is running while holding on to a kite.", "A boy is running with a kite shaped like a rocket."]
["A girl is holding her hand out with a kite in it as storm clouds hover over her.", "The young girl is flying her kite in the field. ", "A girl with a kite standing in a field.", "a little kid holds on to a kite ", " girl hold onto her kite in a field. "]
["The large clock was prominently displaying the time.", "A clock above a sign to a store", "A large analog clock perched above a Hilton sign.", "A big clock posted outside a Hilton hotel.", "A large black and white Hilton clock. "]
["A couple of people standing on a beach flying a kite.", "Adult and two children on the beach flying a kite.", "family fun at the beach flying a kite", "Two people stand on a beach flying a kite while a third plays in the sand.", "Two people flying a kite at the beach"]
["Someone holding the string of a kite that flies high in the air. ", "The hand is holding a string attached to a kite.", "A person with their hand next to the camera pretending to hold a kite in the distance.", "A man is flying a kite by a hill.", "A person flying a kite high up in the air."]
["A woman standing in a field flying a kite.", "The woman is flying a kite at the beach.", "A person on a beach holding a kite string and a kite is in the air.", "A person is flying a kite on a beach.", "A woman flys a kite against a blue clear sky."]
["A girl starting to fly a large kite.", "A very pretty girl flying a kite in a field.", "a person in a field with a large kite", "The kind that she is flying is very colorful.", "Some flying a colourful kite on open grass. "]
["A woman standing on a green field flying a colorful kite.", "A woman holding a kite in the air.", "A group of people in a park flying kites.", "A woman is holding up a kite in preparation for launch.", "Woman holding a colorful kite in a green field."]
["A man walks on the beach with his kite. ", "Picture of a person is about to hang glide.", "A beach scene with a person holding a windsurfing board.", "The man has a wind board in his hands.", "Birds and windsurfers on a beach on a windy day."]
["A man flies his kite on a hill overlooking a bridge. ", "A man with glasses playing with a kite next to some building", "A man flying a kite on a spring day.", "Man flying brightly colored kite near in small green way in urban area.", "A man standing in a small patch of grass flying a kite."]
["A man in a field flying an airplane shaped kite.", "a man flying a plan kite in a park", "a man on a hill flies a kite in the air", "a man flies a kite in the parkl", "A man flying a kite over a field."]
["A clcok mounted to the side of a wall on the outside of a building.", "A city block with a building and a clock", "Buildings with a clock and lampposts along a street.", "A clock is attached to the side of a building.", "A clock protrudes high up on the side of a building."]
["A statue of a man not far from a large clock.", "The statue is in the middle of town for everyone to visit. ", "A sculpture is shown with a bust of a man.", "A black colored memorial in the shape of man sits beside the road.", "A statue of a man with a hat on the street."]
["A display case inside of a bakery filled with bread.", "Bread in the shape of a bear,a turtle and a lobster.", "Pastries shaped as various animals on a shelf.", "Bread is shaped like animals and other things on display.", "It would be a pity to eat these cute animals made out of bread."]
["A clock is projecting from a wall of a building o.n the street", "black and white photo of boys playing on a street sidewalk", "Young boys on sidewalk in urban city setting.", "Three young boys are cavorting along an old sidewalk.", "An old picture of children playing near a building"]
["A crowded city street line with tall buildings.", "A group of people walking a cobbled street under a bridge.", "A large crowd of people are walking down a street underneath a bridge.", "a tall clock tower with people walking down a city street", "Many people are walking down a city street."]
[" clock tower that is lite up in the dark.", "An unusual clock tower; in the background, lightening shoots towards Earth behind a building. ", "A beautiful lighted clock tower in the dusk sky with a streak of lightening in the background.", "Lightening strikes in the distance behind a clock on a pole.", "A clock above a building with clouds and lightning in background."]
["This is the back angle of two emperors and a baseball player hitting the ball with his bat. ", "A baseball player hitting a ball with a baseball bat.", "Home plate, as left handed batter has just hit the ball.", "A baseball player up to bat in a game.", "a baseball player swinging a bat at a ball"]
["a batter lifting a foot as he stands at home plate ", "The baseball game is proceeding at a rapid pace.", "Batter at a baseball game ready to hit a ball.", "A baseball player at bat during a baseball game.", "A baseball player is getting ready to swing a bat with a catcher and umpire looking on."]
["A brown bear sitting up against a tree on a green grass covered field.", "A teddy bear in clothes sitting under a tree", "A TEDDY BEAR KEPT CLOSE TO A TREE NEAR A BEACH.", "A teddy bear wearing a black shirt with a smiley face is propped against a palm tree.", "A stuffed bear is resting by a tree overlooking the sea."]
["A beautiful woman standing in front of  two baseball players.", "A baseball game is being played before a crowd.", "Baseball players having a conversation at the game.", "Baseball players are talking on the baseball field.", "Two professional baseball players talking on the field."]
["a man is holding a baseball bat in front of a banner", "Philadelphia Phillies baseball exhibit featuring pictures of the fans and a mock up of the locker room.", "A man holding a baseball bat next to a  stand.", "a baseball player with a bat a sign and some chairs", "An indoor exhibit featuring vintage Philadelphia baseball memorabilia. "]
["a young person holding a baseball bat ", "A boy is playing baseball in the street.", "a boy holding up a bat on a street at night", "A young boy holding a bat on a city street.", "BOY HOLDING WOODEN BAT FOR A STREET GAME OF SOFTBALL"]
["A young boy holding a baseball bat standing on a street.", "a boy standing in the street holding a baseball bat", "A young boy is holding the bat, possibly practicing his swing. ", "Young boy getting ready to swing his baseball bat.", "A young boy is winding up the bat and preparing to swing at a ball."]
["A man holding a baseball bat on top of a field.", "A baseball player getting ready to bat at a game.", "The professional batter is poised to swing at a pitch.", "A baseball player gets ready to hit an oncoming pitch.", "A man readies to swing his baseball bat. "]
["A man in blue shirt and shorts swinging a baseball bat.", "A man in a field about to swing at a ball with a bat.", "A man swinging a baseball bat on top of a lush green field.", "A man attempting to swing a bat at a ball.", "A man taking a swing at a baseball on a field"]
["A laptop on a porch next to steps", "A laptop being used on a wooden front porch", "Open laptop looking out onto a large yard. ", "A laptop computer that is on a table outside.", "An open laptop computer sitting on top of a table."]
["A boy swinging a baseball bat on a field.", "People are watching a young baseball player at the game.", "a little league player swinging a bat during a game ", "A baseball player swinging a bat over a base.", "A boy swings at a baseball while adults watch."]
["A illuminated clock that is over a billboard.", "Very large clock with face and hands having lights on them above a commercial billboard.", "An illuminate sign of a clock showing 9:34 at nighttime with illuminate Colgate sign underneath and sky with clouds behind.", "a ferris wheel spins around in circles largely", "A large lit clock with a Colgate sign."]
["This is a clock, which seems to represent artwork.", "clowe up of a large clock with a sky background", "A large clock with flags on it says Colgate.", "A large outdoor clock with the name 'Colgate' on it is shown from close up.", "A very large clock with an advertisement on it's face."]
["Baseball player in the middle of his swing with a crowd looking on. ", "a batter hitting a baseball during a crowded baseball game", "A man is swinging a bat playing baseball", "Baseball players playing a game of baseball during a baseball game.", "A baseball game is going on, The baseball player is at bat and is swinging at the ball. There are people attending this game."]
["A batter is waiting for a pitch at home plate.", "Baseball game with batter on base and umpire standing by.", "The batter prepares to swing at the next pitch as the catcher and umpire look on.", "A man holds a baseball bat and is standing at home plate next to a catcher and an umpire.", "A baseball player is getting ready to hit a ball"]
["A group of baseball players standing around a baseball field.", "A baseball stadium with a group of people watching the batting practice with players on the field.", "Fans watching a batter take his practice swings.", "A baseball field with a man up to bat wearing a navy blue hat and shirt.", "There are many people at a baseball game. "]
["A baseball player holding a bat while standing on a field.", "The player who is up to bat next is getting ready for his turn.", "The batter stands on the side of the field near the crowd.", "A baseball player who is holding a baseball bat.", "A man with a baseball bat in a baseball uniform."]
["A man at a baseball field, dressed in team uniform, holding a bat.", "On deck batter stretching in preparation for his turn.", "A baseball player on the field warming up with his bat.", "A baseball player is warming up with a bat.", "A baseball player point the bat at someone or something during a game. "]
["a baseball player swinging a bat on a field ", "a man swing at a baseball while the catcher reaches for it", "A batter that just swung at a pitch just thrown and struck out.", "A man swinging a baseball bat in front of another with a glove.", "I can see that the hitter just hit the ball."]
["A batter is swinging the bat in a baseball game.", "a major league baseball player is swinging his bat", "Baseball scene showing the umpire and catcher as the batter has just finished his swing.", "three guys playing baseball the batter the catcher and the ump", "A baseball player finishes a swing for a pitch."]
["A young boy gets ready to hit a baseball.", "A boy batter swinging his bat at the baseball field. ", "A boy in a baseball uniform swinging a bat.", "A child swings a bat at a little league game.", "A young boy with a red helmet and baseball uniform playing baseball."]
["A kid swings at the ball in a baseball game.", "A boy who is swinging at a ball at a baseball game.", "A young baseball player is swinging at a pitch.", "A young boy swinging his bat during a baseball game.", "A young boy holding a bat standing next to home plate."]
["A LARGE CROWD OF PEOPLE ARE WATCHING A LADY PLAY TENNIS", "a girl holding a tennis racket and there's a lot a of tennis balls on the court", "A woman lunges to hit a tennis ball in front of an audience.", "A woman that has a racquet standing on a tennis court.", "A woman reaching for a tennis ball as a number of people watch her from behind a barrier."]
["Two tennis players consulting each other at center court net.", "A woman in a red t-shirt and shorts holds on to a tennis racket and on the other side of the net a man in black and white also holds up a tennis racket.", "A couple of people playing a game of tennis.", "A man and woman walking towards each other at tennis net.", "Two people hold up tennis racquets over a net."]
["a person standing on grass holding a large box of pizza", "A woman in a black dress standing in the grass carrying a pizza box.", "A wom holding a very large cardboard pizza box and a paper bag.", "A woman holding a pizza box and a paper bag.", "This woman is holding a big pizza box and take out bag."]
["a tennis player jumping and swinging a racket to hit a ball", "A person hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racquet", "a tennis player swinging a tennis racket to hit a serve", "A man on a clay tennis court jumping in the air.", "A tennis playing is jumping in order to hit a ball."]
["A hand holding a piece of food at a table.", "A person is eating a small snack and a glass of beverage.", "A hand is holding the last bites of a piece of pizza.", "Someone is eating a piece of sandwich next to a glass.", "Person holding up a small bite of pizza in front of a glass cup. "]
["A male tennis player in action on the court.", "A man playing tennis on a tennis court ", "A man holding a tennis racquet on a court.", "A man swinging his tennis racket on the tennis court. ", "A man races to meet the tennis ball."]
["Two men on a tennis court shaking hands.", "Two men next to the net on a tennis court.", "Two male tennis players are talking at the net.", "Two tennis players meet at the net to talk.  ", "two male tennis players are talking on a tennis court"]
["A guy lunges as he hits a tennis ball. ", "A man with a racquet hitting a ball.", "The tennis player hits the ball towards the net.", "A man hitting a ball at a tennis match.", "a person on a tennis court with a racket in hand"]
["A man standing on top of a blue tennis court.", "A bunch of people standing together by a tennis net.", "Officials and tennis players stand in the middle of the court.", "A group of officials at center court of a professional tennis match.", "A group of people are on a blue tennis court."]
["Two tennis players have a match near a large audience.", "2 players in the middle of a game of tennis", "a tennis player wearing all white waiting for the serve", "A man playing in a tennis match on a blue court.", "A couple of guys playing tennis on a sunlit tennis court as an audience looks on."]
["a male tennis player playing tennis on a green and blue court", "Male tennis player serves ball in front of crowd.", "A person in a tennis tournament in the action of serving the ball. ", "A man playing tennis with a large crowd watching.", "A tennis player serving a tennis ball during a match."]
["A computer sits on in front of a television set.", "A laptop laying on a table near a tv.", "A laptop on a coffee table in front of a tv. ", "A laptop computer open on a coffee table with a tv in the background.", "a laptop on a desk with a tv near by"]
["A clock on the side of a building in a city", "old time clock hangs out of corner of building in city", "a big clock on a city near some street signs", "A  street sign and a clock in a street.", "A large metal clock hanging from the side of the building."]
["A large metal green clock hanging from the side of a building.", "An octagonal-faced clock mounted to the side of a building", "A big hanging clocking on the side of a building.", "clock on side of tall building in a city.", "An aqua colored clock is attached to a city building."]
["A couple of giant teddy bears sitting next to each other.", "THERE IS AN IAMGE OF STUFF ANIMALS ON DISPLAY ", "The two teddy bears are being displayed in the window.", "Storefront window showing two stuffed bears eating together.", "A very nice display window with two big stuffed animals."]
["A teddy bear can be seen from outside the window.", "There is a stuffed bear positioned in the window of a house", "A stuffed teddy bear sitting by the window.", "a teddy bear behind a clear window in front of a curtain", "A teddy bear is sitting alone in a window."]
["A strainer sitting next to a microwave and a window. ", "A colander sitting on a countertop in a kitchen next to a microwave.", "A colander sitting on a table next to a microwave", "A blue colander is next to a white microwave.", "A teal bowl sits on a counter next to a microwave."]
["A man sitting in front of a laptop computer in front of a library.", "a man working on his laptop with several shelves of books around him.", "Guy working on a laptop inside of a library.", "A man with a laptop at a wooden desk", "a man looking at a laptop while sitting at a desk "]
["A desk with sticky notes and a computer on it", "A desktop computer sitting on top of a white office desk.", "Computer equipment on a white table including monitor, mouse and headphones.", "A desk with computer monitors, speakers, headphones and office supplies.", "an old computer sitting on a desk with a computer mouse"]
["Two laptop computers sit side by side on a desk.", "A desk with two laptops on it by a thermos", "Two laptops sitting side by side with their tops open.", "Two open laptop computers sitting on top of a table.", "Two laptops side by side on a green table."]
["A man and woman are looking at a computer screen.", "A man and a woman look at an apple computer.", "A man with glasses shows a woman sitting next to him something on his laptop.", "Two people that are looking at a computer screen.", "Man showing a woman something on his laptop. "]
["A laptop computer with a wireless mouse sitting on a desk", "An open laptop computer sitting on a wooden desk.", "a laptop sitting open on a desk in front of other stuff", "A computer with itunes open is on a desk.", "mac book on a desk with itunes open"]
["A man at a desk gestures before a laptop while holding a phone to his ear.", "A man on the phone sitting at a desk in an office with text around the photo. ", "a man is on is phone while browsing on a laptop", "A Dutch publication of a man looking at pornography with a sex toy superimposed on his desk. ", "A man is looking at his laptop while chatting on the phone."]
["A person using a mouse on a laptop.", "A hand is sitting on a mouse next to a laptop.", "A person's hands use a mouse, and laptop keyboard.", "a person sitting at a desk operating a laptop with a mouse", "A woman's hand on a computer mouse with a domo kun in the background."]
["there is a white and gray castle with a clock in the middle", "a clock on a building with tall towers", "A large church that has three towers, and a clock in the middle.", "a castle with a clock standing in front  some palm trees", "A church with three spires stands in a square."]
["a castle surrounded by a fence and some trees ", "A castle with a man on horseback in front of a it with shrubbery around it.", "A building with bushes and a gate near it.", "A white and black building with a clock and a statue in foreground.", "A church with three steeples surrounded by gardens."]
["A small clock sitting in the middle of a side walk.", "A crowded street full of people with a clock.", "A busy street corner shows a large clock on a post.", "A small clock tower in the middle of a busy pedestrian walk area.  ", "People in a square near a small clock tower."]
["there are many men preparing to cut a red ribbon", "a number of people wearing suits cutting a ribbon", "Five men in dark suits stand next to each other while one in the center holds a large pair of scissors near a red ribbon.", "A group of men share in the cutting a ribbon to signify a grand opening.", "Group of five men in suits preparing to cut a ribbon. "]
["an image of a union station that is lit up", "a tall clock tower with some flags on top", "A lit clock tower has neon signs on top.", "A clock tower that reads \"union station\" and \"go by train.\"", "The tower has a clock displayed in order to tell time. "]
["Gold tone clock tower inside a shopping mall plaza.", "a tower with a clock sitting atop of it ", "A gold colored clock in the middle of a shopping center.", "Indoor pole with a clock on it sitting in the middle of the floor", "A gold clock on a post in a station"]
["The two teddy bears are sitting together on the red tablecloth.", "Two stuffed bears on top of a table with towels underneath", "Two stuffed animals sitting on a surface, wearing clothing.", "A table covered with an orange cloth with two teddy bears on top.", "a red table that has some teddy bears on it"]
["A man is baking bread in a room full of bread.", "a display case holding a bunch of cookies in bags ", "This man is baking a large amount of bagels.", "A man is baking bagels in a kitchen.", "A man reaches into an oven as surrounded by bagels."]
["a bear that is sitting on a table", "This is a teddy bear that is listening to headphones.", "A teddy bear with a bowtie is wearing headphones.", "A brown teddy bear with headphones in it on wooden table.", "A teddy bear is sitting at a table wearing earphones."]
["A little boy using an open laptop computer.", "A baby boy in a white shirt clicking keys on a laptop.", "a young child sitting on the floor with a laptop", "A toddler looking very intently at what is on his laptop screen.", "The baby boy is transfixed by the images on the home  laptop computer."]
["A little girl is holding a new teddy bear and glaring at stickers.", "A young girl holds a stuffed animal toy.", "An adorable little girl holding a teddy bear while sitting next to a christmas tree.", "A young girl wearing a white shirt and an orange skirt sits on the blue carpeted floor holding a white stuffed bear.", "a small child sitting on the floor with a stuffed animal"]
["Woman sitting at an outdoor table working on a black laptop. ", "A couple of students working on their computers at a picnic table.", "A young woman sits at a picnic table with her laptop.", "A woman sitting with her laptop at a picnic table.", "a woman sits outside on a lap top"]
["this is a man with two computers on a tablwe", "A man works on the far laptop on a metal table.", "A man sitting at a table with his lap top.", "A man works on a laptop at the stainless steel counter of a restaurant.", " a man sitting at a table with a laptop on it"]
["A red table holding a black laptop with red rope on it.", "There is a scrunchie on top of a laptop computer.", "An Apple computer on a red surface with cloth on the lid.", "A bundle of red chenille cord, resting on an Apple device.", "A coil of yarn laying on top of an apple computer."]
["A bottle of champagne with two glasses next to a single rose.", "A bottle of wine and some flowers on a table.", "A bottle of champagne in a buck is next to a rose in a vase.", "A white table topped with a bottle of champagne and two glasses with a plate.", "A vase full of ferns is on a small white table."]
["a table top with some appliances on it ", "Several crafting items are lying on a table.", "a desk with a book and a pair of scissors ", "A pair of scissors sitting on top of a table.", "a nice lookign studio is covered in paitn and papers"]
["A woman sitting in front of an open laptop computer.", "A person sitting on the couch looking at their laptop screen ", "a woman looks at photos on her laptop while she sits on the couch", "A woman working on a laptop computer ", "A woman sitting on a couch looking at a laptop computer."]
["Muffins sit in a pan on top of an oven.", "a muffin pan filled with some fresh muffins", "These cookies aer being prepared to be baked", "A stove with a kettle and cupcakes sitting on it.", "Some muffins are cooling on the top of the stove."]
["a close up of a vase with many flowers ", "many vases along a wall on a shelf holding flowers", "Many vases of different colored tulips on the shelf. ", "a large vase full of flowers in a floral shoppe", "A view of bunch of flowers sitting on a shelf."]
["A clear glass vase of yellow flowers against a blue background.", "A clear vase holds yellow flowers against a blue background.", "Yellow flowers in a glass vase against a blue background.", "A vase with water that has flowers inside of it.", "A vase filled with yellow flowers on a table."]
["A small child thats eating and watching Mickey mouse on a phone.", "A toddler from behind sitting on a couch and reaching in a bowl on a table, which also has a cup, and a cell phone with a cartoon image on screen.", "a boy sitting on a couch and reaching for food ", "A young boy sitting on a sofa eating from a bowl on a small table.", "A child sitting at a small table with a bowl of food and a cell phone "]
["A fridge with an ice maker in it against wall", "a white cabinet with a built in microwave ", "a shelf that has a microwave attached to it", "a nice refrigerated micro wave combo on a wall", "A white interior with an oven built in to it"]
["A woman in gold shies takes a selfie photo in a bathroom mirror", "a person taking a photo in a bath room mirror", "A girl taking a \"selfie\" in a bathroom full length mirror.", "A girl taking a selfie in a bathroom stall.", "A woman taking a selfie in a mirror in a public bathroom. "]
["Group of people skating on ice in a park during the day. ", "A group of people that are walking in the snow.", "Crowd of people walking in snow in front of buildings", "A group of people in jackets skating on ice rink.", "People ice skate on a rink in the middle of a city."]
["A desert dish has powdered sugar on it.", "A white plate topped with waffles covered in fried apples and strawberries with powdered sugar.", "a close up of food on a plate ", "A close up of a piece of fired chicken on top of a pastry.", "Some fried chicken that is on top of a cake."]
["a man in a leather jacket talking on a cell phone.", "A man speaks on a cell phone and looks out on open land.", "The man talking on his cell phone looks into the desert.", "a person talking on a cell phone with a sky in the background", "A man on his cell phone, wearing a leather jacket, gazing toward low mountains."]
["A cup of cocoa with a spoon and a side of croissants.", "A cup of coffee that is next to a plate of breads.", "A cup of coffee and some pastries sit on a table.", "A table that has a plate of food and a cup on it.", "A coffee drink and a plate of croissants."]
["A microwave sitting on a brown shelf. ", "A picture of a built in microwave in a wood cupboard.", "A micro wave oven display 0 minutes to go.", "A microwave is sitting under a kitchen cabinet.", "The microwave oven is ready to be used."]
["A young man riding a bike past a car while talking on a cell phone.", "People on their cell phones in a street.", "A man is talking on his cell phone while riding a bike.", "Two man talking on their cell phones while walking, and riding a bike. ", "A young man is riding a yellow bike while talking on his phone."]
["A kid is on an electronic device with a a girl watching.  ", "A boy and girl looking at a cellphone.", "Two children, one pudgy boy and a girl in a dress look at an electronic gadget.", "Siblings looking at a hand held electronic game outside a restaurant", "A boy on a cell phone next lo a girl."]
["a man using a red phone receiver to talk on his cell phone", "A man using a red handset attachment for his cell phone.", "Man sitting at table using handset in conjunction with cell phone.", "A man is using a receiver to answer a call from his cell phone.", "A young man is sitting and talking on the phone. "]
["There is a small cellphone displayed between a set of ear buds and two paper weights.", "a cell phone lays next to some diamonds ", "a close up of a cell phone on a table near earbuds", "A cell phone sits on a table next to some jewels.", "A cell phone, ear buds, and two jewels laying near each other."]
["A man in costume standing next to a building.", "He is dressed in the times that his tours encompass.", "a man dressed like a colonial in the middle of the sidewalk", "A man in a revolutionary-era costume talks on a cellphone.", "a man dressed in a costume talking on a cell phone"]
["A person uses their hands to operate a cell phone", "Close-up image of hands holding an open cell phone.", "Man clinging to his cellphone while sitting in the car.", "A person holding a cell phone in their hands.", "A person's hands are holding a cell phone."]
["A woman wearing a short skirt and a plaid shirt.", "A woman wearing unmatched clothes carrying a phone.", "a girl in a blue jacket and red checked shirt holding a cell phone", "a person is wearing a red shirt and coat", "A young lady wearing a red and white checkered shirt and black suit coat holding a cell phone."]
["A man talking on a cell phone walking next to a woman.", "This lady is walking with a man is talking on a cell phone.", "A young couple are walking happily close together.", "A young woman in a blue dress walks with a young man. ", "People standing around and walking in the dirt."]
["A hand holding up a cell phone that is taking a picture. ", "A person taking a photograph by the mobile phone.", "A person takes a picture of a presentation on a phone.", "Hand holding cell phone recording a group with blurred background", "A hand holding up a smart phone above a crowd."]
["A smart phone sitting on display in a case.", "A white cell phone sitting on a cell phone mound", "A white smart phone is being put on display.", "Cellular phone displayed on display case with other phones.", "A white smartphone sits atop a display case."]
["A microwave oven sitting inside of a kitchen cabinet.", "A black microwave hanging in a kitchen. ", "A kitchen with cabinets and a microwave. ", "a Microwave that is mounted on the wall over an oven", "A microwave oven mounted above a stove "]
["An open oven with various casseroles and food in it.", "Dishes of food are being warmed in the oven.", "Open oven with several different kinds of casseroles baking inside.", "An open oven has lots dishes on the racks.", "A open stove with some food on the inside."]
["A pat sitting on top of a counter filled with vegetables.", "A chicken is shown in a pot of vegetables.", "The chicken is in a pan with potatoes and carrots.", "A metal tray holding a chicken and various vegetables.", "A turkey sits in a pan on top for chopped vegetables."]
["Two loaf of bread baking inside of an oven.", "An open oven displays food in loaf pans.", "Food in pans being baked in the oven ", "Two loaves of bread baking in an oven.", "Two loaves of bread in pans inside an oven."]
["A woman standing in a kitchen preparing food.", "A woman in a striped shirt in the kitchen next to the fridge.", "a woman standing in the kitchen between a fridge and oven", "a woman is standing in a kitchen by a refigerator", "A woman stands in the kitchen with her back to the camera."]
["A metallic freezer refrigerator in a kitchen next to wooden cabinets.", "A stainless steel refrigerator set in light wood cabinets. ", "A stainless steel refrigerator surrounded by wooden cabinets.", "A stainless steel refrigerator is in between wood cabinets.", "A stainless steel refrigerator is between cabinets in a kitchen."]
["A white clock tower sitting next to a large body of water.", "A small tower that has a clock at the top.", "the building is white and over looks the Ocean", "A large stone clock tower overlooking the ocean.", "A large tan structure with a clock on the top."]
["a white wall with some writing saying what park it is ", "A wall and gate with the sign \"Jefferson Park\".", "Three trees and a clock at Jefferson Park", "A clock sitting next to a brick sign under palm trees.", "The clock is showing at the outside of the park."]
["Large white clock sitting on the side of an old theater building. ", "A building with a theatre on the side of the road.", "A tall building with a clock on the face of it.", "a couple of large buildings with a car parked out front", "A JEWELRY STORE LOCATED BENEATH A CLOCK TOWER"]
["a clock that is sitting on top of a table", "a clock on a table near a wall", "A mantle with several items on it including a large clock", "An old clock sits on a mantel with an American flag and a baseball.", "The antique clocks is of a very ornate design."]
["An older woman serving two younger people food", "A group of people around a table eating with chopsticks.", "A group of men sitting down at a table sharing a meal.", "A woman cooks as others sit and eat.", "Three people sit around a table eating a meal."]
["A group of kids sitting at a table with some food.", "Asian people are sitting at a table eating soup ", "A child looks surprised looking into a dish of food.", "a group of kids that are sitting at a table", "A boy watches a woman eat at a table."]
["Two clocks on top of a tower at night time.  ", "A black and white picture of a clock tower is shown.", "A building that has two clocks on it. ", "a central clock tower light up at night", "A couple of clocks that are on a building."]
["A clock tower is on top of an old building.", "The tower of the building has a clock displayed on it. ", "A clock is shown at the top of a building.", "A tower with a clock and turret on top of a building.", "A clock on a tower on top of a brick building."]
["Large ornamental white clock sitting on a building. ", "A clock sitting outside by a building ", "A very big fancy looking clock on a building.", "A large clock on the side of a building.", "An ornate clock hangs off the corner of a building."]
["Food separated into plates and bowls on a table.", "Platters of food at a barbecue including sausages, meat on skewers, vegetables, and salads.", "a table fille with assorted bowls and plates of food like salad, pizzas and skewered meat ", "a table covered in plates of various food ", "A table filled with dishes such as meat on a stick, pizza and salad."]
["A broken down building with a clock that collapsed. ", "a big brick building with a clock at the top of it ", "A very old and beat up looking clock tower. ", "A clock on a building that is missing chunks behind metalworking in Arabic.", "A clock on a stone tower is against the blue sky."]
["A clock reads twelve o'clock on the side of a building.", "A blue faced clock in an old clock tower shows twelve o'clock.  ", "A blue clock showing the time at twelve o'clock noon.", "A close up of a clock on a tower.", "A tall brick tower with a massive clock on it's side."]
["there is a clock at the top of this building", "a clock with neon lights on top of a building.", "A large clock mounted to the side of a building.", "A clock that has florescent lighting on a building.", "An otherwise uninspired grey facade is jazzed up with a big black clock, featuring an address in pink neon. "]
["A brown chair with two stuffed animals on top of it.", "Two stuffed animals sit together on a chair.", "Two teddy bears sitting on an old chair together", "an armchair with two stuffed bears sitting on it", "Some teddy bears are on an old golden recliner."]
["A clock with a base made of stones standing near several parked cars.", "there is a clock on top of a stone small wall", "a clock with four faces on a stone pillar", "Stone clock tower overlooking a street and small parking area. ", "A four faced clock a top a stone column in  a parking area."]
["a red and white building windows and trees and clouds", "a white cloud sky above a large building", "A very large onate building with several clock towers.", "a large building with circular windows in front of some trees", "An elegant building with arches and round windows towers over the trees."]
["A clock sitting in the middle of a parking lot.", "A clock on a pole is standing on the sidewalk.", "The beautiful clock overlooks the quaint tree-lined street.", "A clock on an ornate metal pole in front of a shop.", "A clock on the street shows that the time is 4:21 in New Hope."]
["A grand building is topped with tower clocks and sits within a clear blue sky.", "A tall old fashion office building with clock faces.", "A clock sits on the tallest part of a large building. ", "a tall clocktower with a sky in the background", "A clock tower and dome top an old skyscraper."]
["A tall clock tower with a wind vane on top.", "a building with a large clock on top of the tower", "The tower of the building has a clock displayed on it. ", "Here is a beautiful old steeple in the late afternoon sun", "A steeple of a building has a clock and a weather vane against a clear blue sky."]
["A melted looking lay pot sitting on top of a spindle.", "A metal looking jar on the top of a roll of wire.", "a weird looking vase on a stand in brown\n", "There is a vase being made near copper wire.", "A brown pottery vase on a spool of wire."]
["A jar of water with a flower inside.", "a mason jar being used as a vase for the flowers", "A ball jar with tulips in it on a counter ", "A vase of flowers sitting on a table, with water bottle behind it.", "A jar filled with white and yellow flowers."]
["White flowers sit on a ledge next to vases and candles.", "A small bouquet of red flowers sits atop a mantle with pots and a candle.", "Three white roses are in a clear vase of water.", "A case sitting on a shelf, with flowers on it.", "Vase of flowers laying on a shelving unit with various pots."]
["Two yellowish green vases sitting on a counter.", "Two green ceramic vases on a speckled counter.", "two green vases next to each other ", "Two lime colored jars are gilded with metal.", "Two green flower vases are side by side."]
["A table with a vase on it in an empty space near a man. ", "A person looking out a large glass window", "An animation of a person in a room staring out a large window.", "A vase sitting on a table as a man looks out of a window.", "A vase is sitting on a table in a bare room."]
["A table with different vases next to a lake.", "A table with flowers and vases is set on the grass by the water.", "A couple of different types of vases on a table.", "A number of vases sit on a table in front of a body of water.", "A table with six various colored flower vases. "]
["a table with a bunch of vases, with one filled with flowers and another with sand", "Flowers and vases sitting on a table covered in a white table cloth.", "A table with four vases on top of it.", "flowers in a vase next to more vases on a table", "Some flowers and vases are sitting on a table"]
["A pair of scissors on a salon sign", "A street sign for a hair salon written in french. ", "Salon De Paris Esthetique sign on a building.", "A large outside sign for a salon complete with scissors is attached to the building.", "A red and yellow sign is attached to a pair of scissors is on a brown building."]
["Eight different types and sizes of paira of scissors on a red table.", "A bunch of scissors are on the table.", "A group of metal scissors sitting on top of a red table.", "Seven pairs of scissors are on a table.", "Old scissors of various sizes on a red mat."]
["a woman and her baby and a stuffed bear", "A baby sitting on mom's lap is looking at a teddy bear.", "a small child is sitting with a stuffed animal", "A woman holding a child and a stuffed animal.", "A woman holding a baby girl and a large stuffed teddy bear."]
["A brown teddy bear hanging from a green sign.", "A brown teddy bear holding a birthday card.", "A teddy bear is holding a Happy Birthday sign.", "A Happy Birthday Card next to a teddy bear.", "Stuffed bear holding up a hand decorated Happy Birthday banner."]
["An elderly  man and woman look at something out of the camera's view. ", "An older woman sitting in a wheel chair next to an older man.", "An old couple is sitting together holding a stuffed bear.", "The old man is sitting next to the old woman holding a teddy bear.", " An elderly man and woman sitting down"]
["Fruit in plastic cups and toast and food on a plastic tray.", "A seat tray holds several cups and a covered plate of food.", "The tray of food is on someone's lap in the car.", "A tray of breakfast food, drinks, and fruit on an airplane.", "A seat back tray covered in food and drinks. "]
["Men are gathered at a table to eat a meal.", "people eating a meal at a restaurant table ", "Three men sitting at a table in a restaurant eating.", "A group of males gathered at tables about to consume a meal.\n", "A restaurant is full of only men eating their meals."]
["A hamburger and a salad sitting on top of a table.", "A salad and a sandwich wait to be eaten at a restaurant.", "An outside dining area with tables and chairs highlighting a salad and sandwich", "A sandwich and a salad are on a tray on a wooden table.", "A table with a bowl of food, sandwich and wine glass sitting on it in a restaurant."]
["A dinner plate with sliced beets and bread.", "A plate of food featuring radishes with a green glass of water.", "Two plates of brunch with a glass of water.", "two plates of food on a table next to a drink", "A white large plate served with a small portion of food"]
["The dinner table has grilled hamburgers, steaks, and hotdogs on it.", "A wooden table topped with lots of plates of food.", "A table set with grilled food, condiments and dishes ready to eat.", "A plate with a knife is on a wooden table", "A table is set with various grilled foods."]
["a family sitting down at a meal and saying a prayer", "A group of people sitting around a table eating food.", "Two men sitting at a table with plates and bowls of food, and glasses of drinks.", "A group of people around a table sharing a meal and a bottle of wine.", "A group of people are sitting around a table with food and wine."]
["Ladies in a kitchen laughing at the camera while one grates cheese.", "A group of three hipsters standing in a  kitchen.", "A lot of people that are in a kitchen.", "Three jovial women at a kitchen island interacting.", "THERE ARE A LOT OF PEOPLE IN THE KITCHEN SMILING "]
["Three birthday candles stand lit on a cake.", "A cake with three lit candles on top.", "a chocolate frosting covered birthday cake with candles on it", "Three candles lit on a cake with chocolate icing.", "Three lit candles on a chocolate birthday cake. "]
["A white cake topped with coconut on a counter.", "an image of cake on top of a counter", "A homemade cake is displayed on a shiny tray. ", "A cake on a counter with a mixer behind it.", "a counter with a mixer and a cake on a tray."]
["A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "The skier is going down the slope toward the water.", "Two skiers back to back on a single pair of skiis.", "A couple of people skiing down the snowy hill.", "One man is on skis and another man is behind him as they stand in the snow near a pond as a group of onlookers stand off to the side."]
["Kitchen of home with electric stove and wood oven.", "The shelves on the walls of the kitchen are beside the stove. ", "A small kitchen with red walls and an old stove in the wall.", "A kitchen is shown with a red painted wall.", "A kitchen with red painted walls next to a stove top oven."]
["A stove top oven sitting underneath a microwave.", "a white stove and microwave in a kitchen with no cabinet doors or drawers.", "Kitchen being built with microwave and oven already installed", "White stove in kitchen area with cabinets with out doors and drawers.", "An empty kitchen is missing the shelve cabinets."]
["a sky lift for skiers coming down the mountain ", "Three people are snowboarding down a snowy mountain.", "Ski lift with some skiers moving rapidly down the mountain", "Skiers on snow covered slopes near chair lift.", "a number of people riding snow boards on a snowy slope"]
["A kitchen table with two chairs against a wall.", "A table with two black chairs next to it.", "A small square table with a flower vase stands against a wall with two chairs, and a kitchen with a refrigerator in the background.", "Small kitchen table with chairs in home area outside of kitchen.", "A small table with chairs in a decorated room."]
["A man with a football being chased by another man.", "Woman running with a football with another woman chasing her. ", "Two young men running across a soccer field.", "A person with a football running with another person behind them.", "A touch football player is being persued by an opponent."]
["A group of people standing around a center kitchen island.", "a couple of men are standing in a kitchen", "Men lounge around a kitchen island in an office.", "a bunch of men all around a table in a room", "Men gather around a counter with cooking items on it."]
["A family is in the kitchen preparing a meal.", "A small boy is running through a kitchen.", "A group of people standing around a kitchen.", "A toddler is running through a kitchen while some adults stand close by. ", "A family in a kitchen preparing food to eat. "]
["a bunch of green bananas and some ripe bananas next to a coffee cup", "Yellow and green bananas behind a purple ceramic cup.", "A bunch of yellow and green bananas next to a purple cup.", "A glass sitting near a bunch of bananas sitting on a table", "Green and yellow bananas in varying states of ripeness are piled high on a counter close to a purple glass. "]
["a stove top with a tea kettle with steam pouring out of it.", "A tea kettle with steam coming out of the top.", "Smoke is rising from a pan on the back of the stove top.", "a kitchen with a tea pot on a stove", "a tea pot is steaming on the stove top"]
["A man standing in the ocean next to a young child.", "A boy is surfing in the ocean while a man watches.", "A little boy surfing and a man in the ocean.", "A young boy attempts to surf a wave as an adult watches.", "A child on a surfboard rides a wave."]
["A couple of older folks standing in a kitchen.", "An elderly couple in a wood furnished kitchen.", "An elderly man and woman in the kitchen standing up.", "An older man and woman in the kitchen leaning on the counter.", "Two adults stand together in a brown kitchen."]
["There are multiple pictures of the same man standing in the kitchen", "Four guys in the kitchen making breakfast at same time", "An action photo scene with the same person doing multiple things in the kitchen.", "A lot of people that are in the kitchen.", "Guys look through the cabinets and refrigerator. "]
["A cook standing in a professional kitchen preparing food.", "a man in a uniform cooking of an industrial stove.", "a person in a kitchen area preparing food", "A man works with some pans in a kitchen", "An apron wearing man cooks at an industrial stove."]
["A modern kitchen that is bright and painted blue and yellow.", "A blue bar and chair in a bright room.", "A bright kitchen barstop next to a patio door.", "A bright colored kitchen complete with an oven and a microwave.", "This kitchen layout appears choppy and full of \"blocks\"."]
["A kitchen area with refrigerator, counter and a microwave.", "A house renovation showing an unfinished room next to a kitchen.", "a remodel of living room with an open concept to the kitchen", "A room being remodeled next to a kitchen", "A house being renovated with a room connected to a kitchen has the floor removed."]
["A table and some chairs in a room.", "a ceiling fan a light some chairs and a stove ", "A kitchen filled with appliances and a center island.", "a kitchen with a stove a table and a chair ", "A light that is underneath a fan in the kitchen."]
["A woman unpacks a box in a kitchen. ", "Woman in red shirt standing in a kitchen.", "View through an archway of a kitchen and a lady working by the window.", "A woman in a red shirt in the kitchen of a house with ceiling fan light on in the room.", "A woman stands in the kitchen with a vest draped over a chair."]
["A fan that has the light on over a table.", "A red table sitting underneath a ceiling fan.", "a view of the kitchen with a ceiling fan with a light on table chairs cabinets and stove.", "A red sweater on the back of a chair in the dinning room.", "A woman is standing in the kitchen with an eat-in bar.  "]
["a dining room table with a plate of food next to a wine bottle and some glasses ", "A table shows a bottle of wine and glasses.", "The piece of bread on a plate is next to two glasses and a bottle of wine.", "BREAD AND CHEESE ON A PLATE WITH A GLASS AND BOTTLE OF WINE ", "Plated food with bottle of wine and two glasses on kitchen table."]
["An older woman holding a metal tea kettle in a kitchen.", "The two people are in the kitchen cooking.", "An older couple makes breakfast together in a vacation cabin.", "A woman and a man are cooking food in a kitchen.", "A man and a women who are in the kitchen together."]
["A man and a pretty woman sitting together while the woman holds a teddy bear.", "A man and woman sit holding a teddy bear.", "A man and woman holding a teddy bear on their lap", "a couple sitting on a couch with a teddy bear", "Serious looking couple with light brown Teddy bear, side sun light."]
["A woman takes a selfie picture with a giraffe in the background.", "A giraffe nibbling at the back of a woman taking a picture.", "Woman taking a selfie with a giraffe in an enclosure.", "a giraffe standing behind a woman with black hair", "A young girl taking a photo of herself with a giraffe behind her."]
["A bike parked next to a cluster of trees.", "A bike is locked up by some trees.", "A bike that is leaning against a pole.", "A bike rests against a group of trees.", "The green bicycle is leaned against wooden poles. "]
["A toilet in a bathroom underneath a window.", "A bathroom with blue tiles and wooden vanity", "The small cabinet in the bathroom is made of wood and glass.", "Shot of a bathroom wall with a mirrored cabinet and window.", "a bath room with a toilet a sink and a mirror"]
["A shop that has many bikes of all kinds. ", "A large number of antique bicycles inside a shop.", "A room with many bicycles hanging and sitting in it.", "A picture of bicycles sitting up in two rows and some hanging on the wall.", "The antique bicycles are displayed in various ways."]
["Three young men prepare to race bicycles back in the early nineteenth century as a crowd of mean watch.", "A group of men on bicycles preparing to race.", "An old photograph of people sitting on bikes.", "Three men on bicycles being watched by a crowd.", "A group of people pose with three bicyclists. "]
["A shower curtain is pulled back in a bathroom. ", "Bathroom with Green Tiled shower and Red patterned Shower curtain.", "A bathroom with green tile and a red shower curtain.", "A bathroom with green tile and a red shower curtain", "A clean bathroom with a red shower curtain."]
["A white bath tub sitting next to a sink in a bathroom.", "THIS IS A MODERN BATHROOM WITH LOTS OF GREEN TILE", "The bathroom has green tile with brown wood detail.  ", "A white sink and bath in a room.", "a room with a sink and a bathtub and towels "]
["A bath tub with potted plants in it.", "a toilet some toilet paper a tub and some small trees", "Potted planets sitting inside a small bathtub next to the toilet", "Bathroom holding different plants in its appliances. ", "A rustic bathroom has a toilet and potted trees in the bathtub."]
["Two toilets are in a restroom with a vanity with dual sinks.", "a bathroom with two sinks and two toliets", "a room with two toilets and well cleaned", "Two toilets in a bathroom next to two sinks.", "A fancy restroom with two toilets and two sinks."]
["Doorway view of a bathroom with sink, toilet and bidet. ", "a little bathroom with brown and white walls ", "The interior of a bathroom with two sinks and a toilet.", "A bathroom with a toilet, a urinal and a sink, all white", "A bathroom with a toilet and a sink."]
["A calico cat drinking water from a running tap in a bathroom.", "A cat drinking water out of a sink.", "A cat on the sink drinking from a water faucet.", "a brown black and white cat drinking water from a bathroom faucet", "A cat drinking water from a bathroom sink."]
["A bathroom contains a shower, a sink, and a mirror.", "a small hotel restroom with a shower and a sink", " A close shot of a bathroom with a shower curtain. ", "There are clean hand towels and other condiments inside a hotel's bathroom.", "A tranquil bathroom is here, with a nice sink and a towel rolled up on it."]
["this bathroom has a black table and a white animal house", "a bathroom with black rugs and a vase of flowers", "A bathroom with a toilet, black rugs and a black shelf stand.", "A white toilet sitting next to a wooden dresser with a  vase full of flowers on top of it.", "A bathroom with a large blue covered litter box."]
["Bathroom area with towel rack, sink and a mirror.", "A sink that is in a bathroom with a towel under it.", "the sink area of a bathroom with a towel rack", "A green bathroom stocked with towels and toiletries.", "A white sink sitting underneath a mirror in a bathroom."]
["A bathroom with double sinks, mirrors, toilet and towel racks.", "A fancy bathroom with his and her mirrors and sinks next to a toilette.", "A bathroom with a double sink and mirrors.", "A fancy bathroom with double mirrors and sinks.", "Two bathroom sinks mounted beneath two matching mirrors."]
["A PICTURE OF ALL WHITE IN A BATHROOM ", "A person laying on a bathtub with their feet sticking out.", "A white towel is at the edge of a white bathtub.", "This is a photo of someones bathroom in their home and there are feet hanging out the side of the tub.", "some one in the bath room laying in the bath"]
["A claw foot bathtub stands in the middle of a pristine white bathroom.", "a bathroom with a tub and toilet in it", "A large white bathroom with claw foot tub, glassed-in shower, toilet, and two pedestal sinks.", "This all white bathroom features a free standing tub", "A large white residential bathroom with a glass shower stall."]
["A toilet that has its seat open in a bathroom.", "A toilet in a very small cubical with instructions on the lid.", "A newly installed toilet with the toilet seat up ", "a toilet sits in a very small room", "The white toilet is sitting in the corner of the bathroom."]
["A very upscale looking hotel room with large bed and a bathroom in the next room.", "A hotel room that was converted from a warehouse", "A bath and a bed in a small room.", "a bedroom with an attached bathroom with a tub in it.", "The bedroom opens up into a large bathroom."]
["a bathroom with a toilet and a stand up shower", "A toilet and a shower in a bathroom.", "A bathroom has a shower stall and toilet with gray tile.", "A bathroom with a view of a toilet and walk in shower with a bench.", "A bathroom with a toilet and standup shower."]
["this is a group of people standing near a river\n", "a group of people with bikes posing for a photo ", "Seven people on a biking trip in front of a large city.", "group of bikers posing for a picture ", "A bunch of people posing with some bikes."]
["A small bathroom stall with a toilet and seat covers", "A commercial bathroom stall with a holder of toilet covers", "This toilet sits in a stall in a public bathroom", "a small bathroom that has a toilet in it", "Inside a bathroom stall with a toilet, toilet seat covers and a decorated wall."]
["A picture of a dog laying on the ground.", "Dog snoozing by a bike on the edge of a cobblestone street", "The white dog lays next to the bicycle on the sidewalk.", "a white dog is sleeping on a street and a bicycle", "A puppy rests on the street next to a bicycle."]
["A classic clock sits on a wooden table. ", "A clock on a table showing the time as 3:28.", "a close up of an old clock on a table", "A clock is shown with an ad for bicycle cigarettes as its background.", "A clock has an image for Bicycle Cigarettes on it."]
["A busted bathroom sink underneath a mirror in a bathroom.", "a bathroom with a sink that has a broken counter ", "A white bathroom sink with a crack and a mirror. ", "A sink with cracked porcelain highlights this bathroom", "A bathroom with sink that has it's cabinet opened"]
["a bathroom with multiple stalls with doors and toilets", "A dimly lit fancy bathroom with 3 open stalls.", "LARGE DIMLY LIT BATH ROOM WITH A DOMED CEILING", "The bathroom has three stalls and is dimly lit.", "This bathroom has a round shape and a few stalls"]
["A bike is shown attached to a rack.", "A blue and white bicycle parking in bike track next to building.", "The parked bicycle near the bush is painted bright blue.", "A bicycle chained to a bicycle rack outside a store.", "An old bike sitting outside an antique store."]
["A bathroom with a small white toilet under a skylight.", "This bathroom is clean but it is also very compact.", "A small bathroom with a see through shower .", "A very modern styled bathroom with a sun lit window.", "A small modern bathroom with a toilet, sink, and shower."]
["a close up of a scooter parked indoors", "A motor scooter on display in a store.", "A motorcycle and couple of bicycles sitting on rugs in a store.", "The blue bike with the helmet on the back is parked. ", "A view of a blue motorcycle parked inside a store."]
["A group of men on bikes hitching a ride on the back of a bus.", "A formation of bicyclists are tagging along behind a bus.", "Group of young people on bicycles following a large pink bus.", "Several bicyclists catching a ride behind a bus.", "The bicyclists have formed a train, and are being towed by the city bus."]
["The bathtub and sink of a bathroom with a large mirror.", "Fresh white towels hang in a clean bathroom.", "The bathroom is being decorated with white towels.", "A hotel bathroom with brown cabinets and folded towels.", "A hotel room bathroom with granite vanity and tub/shower."]
["A household bathroom with vanity sink, toilet and tub and shower.", "a wash room with toilet and wash basin are seen.", "The small bathroom is largely white in color.", "looking through the bathroom door at the sink and toilet", "A bathroom with a sink, toilet and a shower stall."]
["A bench sitting on a sidewalk near a line of cars.", "A sidewalk scene with focus on a bench.", "A empty bench is on a sidewalk by a street.", "An empty bench beside a busy public street.", "A lone bench sits at the entrance of an empty sidewalk."]
["The couple is riding the motorcycle together. ", "A man and a woman on a motorcycle.", "A couple ride happily on their motorcycle. ", "A man riding a motorcycle with a woman on the back.", "Two motorcycles with two passengers each stopped in the road"]
["A orange and white cat sitting underneath a white bush.", "A cat underneath a white car, probably in korea.", "A scowling cat sitting in the shade under a car.", "A chubby cat sits under a parked car in the shade.", "A cat is sitting under a white vehicle"]
["An Oscar Mayer truck is parked at a festival.", "A large Oscar Mayer hot dog truck sitting on a field.", "A hot dog mobile car is on the park.", "A hot dog car is pictured with people surrounding it. ", "A promotional vehicle for hot dogs at a carnival or fair."]
["The bus stop is lined up with buses and people walking on the sidewalk. ", "People approaching a line of buses at a busy terminal.", "a bus station with lots of buses lined up against the side walk", "A bus station full of people walking on the side walk", "A number of people walking past a row of buses."]
["A man, woman and child in an advertisement vehicle for a seafood restaurant.", "On his days off the owner of The Galley goes surfing.", "A vintage green car with people inside displays the logo for The Galley Seafood Grill and Bar", "An old station wagon advertising a local seafood restaurant.", "A classic car with a lady inside sitting in a parking lot."]
["Urinals are lined up on a wall in a bathroom.", "There three white men's urinals along a tile wall.", "A room with three white urinals on the wall.", "A row of three urinals on a bathroom wall.", "Three urinals displayed on white paneled wall in restroom."]
["A yellow dune buggy on display amongst other automobiles.", "Hot Wheels prop car in a studio exhibit.", "A car show features a yellow hot wheels car.", "People at a auto show viewing very fancy cars.", "A yellow sporty jeep is on an indoor display."]
["Two side by side urinals mounted on a wall.", "A urinal stall with two white urinals with black and white tiles", "Two urinals in a green and white tiled bathroom.", "Twin white toilets sit against a white tiled wall.", "Two white side by side urinals in a tiled bathroom."]
["Two vintage cars are parked at a car show.", "a station wagon from the nineteen sixty's ", "A old orange and teal station wagon at a car show.", "a blue and orange station wagon with some surfboards on top", "A turquoise and orange station wagon with two surf boards on its top."]
["A young man in full racing gear standing by his bike.", "A man in cycling gear next to his motorcycle. ", "The cyclist is waiting for his friend on the street.", "a man in a leather outfit standing by a  red motorcycle ", "A man dressed in black and red standing by a red motorcycle."]
["a counter a white toilet and toilet paper and black tiles", "Someone has cleaned the toilet seat in the stall.", "A white toilet is shown in an all black bathroom.", "A photo of a bathroom stall with a white toilet.", "Looking down at an open white toilet bowl in a black tiled bathroom"]
["A dog with goggles is in a motorcycle side car.", "A dog in helmet and sunglasses in a motorcycle sidecar.", "There is a dog sitting on the cart of a motorcycle.", "A dog sitting on the side car of a motorcycle in parking lot.", "A dog with a helmet and sunglasses in the sidecar of a motorcycle."]
["A white toilet sitting next to a wall outdoors.", "a toilet and some brown tiles on the floor and wall", "An outdoor toilet with the sun shining in the background.", "A toilet outside with a privacy fence to provide a screen.", "A semi private restroom with toilet and privacy blinders."]
["a man that is riding a motorcycle with smoke behind", "There is a rider on the motorbike and a lot of smoke.", "Motorbike driver celebrating with arm raised in the air.", "a man riding a dirt bike with some smoke behind him", "A person on a motorcycle wearing a helmet."]
["A parked black motorcycle sitting on top of a parking lot.", "A motorcycle parked in a lot with a detail of the paint job.", "A black motorcycle with a gargoyle painted on it.", "A motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk by the street", "A morotcycle sits parked near a curb where two people are walking."]
["A dog in a bandana and Harley Davidson gear.", "A dog is dressed up in biker gear", "A Boston terrier is dressed like a biker as it sits atop a small motorbike.", "Black boston terrier standing on a motorcycle with sunglasses.", "A dog dressed in a biker costume on a small bike."]
["A dog is posing on top of a motorcycle. ", "A dog dressed in black leather ridding a mini motorcycle.", "Dog in motorcycle jacket riding motorcycle on carpet.", "A bulldog in a leather bike jacket standing on a small motorcycle.", "Dog wearing outfit stands on small motorcycle at indoor event."]
["A dog is standing on a miniature motorcycle.", "Cute little dog in goggles riding a toy motorcycle", "A dog on a miniature motorcycle with glasses on.", "The cool dog is riding on a motorcycle.", "A small dog on a motor bike on the ground."]
["A cat standing on top of a toilet seat next to a sink.", "A cat standing on a toilet seat in a bathroom.", "A cat sits on an open toilet in a bathroom.", "There is a cat standing on the toilet seat.", "a black gray and white cat a toilet sink and mirror"]
["A public rest room with a black and white checkered floor.", "Two toilet stalls in a bathroom with a black and white checkered floor.", "A restroom features black and white checkered flooring and two toilets of which has a black seat and lid and the other a white seat and lid.", "Picture of a bathroom with two toilets and tiled floors", "Two stalls in a public rest room with black and white check floor."]
["A toilet bowl with a sign on the top", "A white toilet with a brown wooden seat.", "A toilet with a picture frame with captions on it", "a close up of a toilet with a picture frame with words in it", "THERE IS A TOLIET WITH A PICTURE FRAME ON IT"]
["A red motorcycle parked on a sidewalk near multi-story buildings.", "A motorcycle that is parked on the side of the road.", "A motorcycle is parked on a cobblestone road", "A red motorcycle parked on a brick street.", "Motorcycle parked along brick paved street with shops."]
["A man laying on the ground in front of a motorcycle.", "A man in riding armor poses in front of a motorcycle.", "a man in a leather outfit lying next to a motorcycle", "A man is laying on concrete next to a motorcycle.", "a man is laying down in front of his motor bike"]
["A bunt cake sitting on a glaze cake plate with glazed being drizzled over it.", "A large round cake rests on a glass plate.", "Someone spooning a glaze over a bundt cake.", "A person is spooning melted butter over a bundt cake. ", "A person spooning a liquid over the top of a bunt cake that is one a glass serving plate."]
["A broken bathroom with a white sink and toilet.", "A white sink sitting next to a white toilet.", "a very dirty sink besides a toilet in a room", "A bathroom sink and toilet are in a black setting.", "White porcelain sink with one faucet and white porcelain toilet in abandoned or demolished building."]
["A parked motorcycle on display next to the skull of a demon.", "A customized motorcycle on display at a show.", "A red, metallic motorcycle on display behind chain barrier.", "An orange motorcycle sits on display at a bike show.", "An orange chopper motorcycle is on display. "]
["Scantily dressed women near a line of motorcycles.", "Two beautiful women sitting on and standing near a motorcycle.", "Two girls wearing are wearing short skirts and one of them sits on a motorcycle while the other stands nearby.", "An attractive young woman on a motorcycle with her friend close by.", "Two girls are dressed cladly on a motorcycle."]
["A parked red motorcycle sitting in front of a building.", "A group of men next to some parked motor bikes.", "Men standing near motorcycles parked outside near a building.", "Three men stand on a patio near a red and green motorcycle parked next to a black motorcycle.", "A group of people standing around some motorcycles."]
["A woman is riding an orange sports motorcycle.", "Large woman on the back of on orange motorcycle. ", "A woman riding an orange motorcycle on a race track.", "A large woman is riding a motor bike.", "A smiling woman on a bright orange motorcycle."]
["A horse standing in front of a fence outside of a building.", "a horse stands in front of a big building ", "A horse standing in front of a tall white building.", "A horse stand behind a fence and in front of an old building on a snowy day.", "An old church and a horse in a dreary forest"]
["A man standing with a yellow motorcycle in park", "Man standing next to gold colored motorcycle outdoors.", "A man in a leather riding suit poses by a BMW motorcycle.", "The motorcyclist is getting ready for a long ride.", "A man in a leather outfit standing by a motorcycle."]
["An olive colored toilet sitting inside of a room.", "A golden toilet is in a bathroom beside a white bedroom", "a bathroom that has a toilet in it", "A bathroom that has just a toilet in it.", "A tiny space shows a small half bathroom and part of a bedroom."]
["A motor cycle rider riding on a street with bikes parked on either sides", "A man riding a motorcycle down the middle of a street.", "A motorcyclist is riding down the middle of the street", "Motorcyclist on marked road in large city setting.", "A person on a motorcycle on a very long street."]
["a beautiful lady with a very nice motor bike", "A young woman is sitting on a motorcycle in a parking lot.", "A girl posed on a motorcycle outside ", "A woman sits on a red and black motorcycle in front of a building.", "a person sitting on a motorcycle in front of a building"]
["Three urinals mounted to a wall with white little dividers.", "The men's restroom has white tiles on the wall.", "A white tiled public restroom with three urinals", "THREE URINALS ARE IN THE PUBLIC REST ROOM", "Three urinals next to each other in a bathroom."]
["A person on a motor bike on a road.", "A person is riding a motorcycle on the road.", "A man wearing a helmet and sitting on a scooter.", "A man sitting on top of a red and white motorcycle.", "Man on small motorcycle riding along street at sunset"]
["A man rides a silver motorcycle down the street in town.", "A man  in a yellow coat riding a large bronze motorcycle", "a man wearing a helmet and riding a motorcycle down the middle of the street.", "A person with a helmet on riding his cruiser motorcycle down the street.", "A man rides his motorcycle with a helmet on."]
["a motorcycle is parked near a building by the curb", "A motorcycle is parked against a curb in front of a business. ", "Motorcycle parked next to a curb in front of a store. ", "a black motorcycle parked next to a sidewalk ", "A BMW motorcycle parks on the side of a street on a slope"]
["A person on a motorcycle doing a burnout.", "A view of a person that is on a motorcycle.", "A man peeling rubber on a white motorcycle.", "A black leather clad person on a white motorcycle.", "A leather-clad person burning rubber on a motorcycle."]
["A man riding a motorcycle approaching a man wearing camouflage clothing.", "A man dressed in camouflage riding a old military style motorcycle. ", "A man riding an old motorcycle beside an Army worker", "A military base with a man walking and another on a motorcycle.", "a man that is riding around on a motorcycle"]
["A parked motorcycle sitting next to a white brick wall.", "The view of the headlights, handlebars and mirror of a motorcycle", "a close up of a motor cycle in front of a door", "A artistic photograph of a scooter in an alley. ", "A silver bike parked outside of a tan building"]
["A person holds a flip phone displaying the screen.", "A person holding a flip phone in their hand.", "A person holding their flip phone up in front of a computer.", "A person using a cell phone in front of a computer.", "a person sitting in front of a computer monitor looking at their cellphone"]
["A very big teddy bear is next to a woman.", "A smiling woman at work with a life size teddy bear", "An associate holding a big teddy bear at an office.", "A woman in an office with a large teddy bear.", "A giant teddy bear sitting on an office chair."]
["A blue motor scooter parked in front of a brick building.", "A motorcycle parked up against a building with graffiti on it", "a scooter next to a brick building with graffiti on it", "Blue moped parked in front of a graffiti covered building.", "a scooter parked by a building with graffiti on it "]
["A toilet that is sitting in a bathroom with the light on.", "A sleek, modern toilet has a backlight and granite counter for storage.", "A toilet seat with a tissue box and a tissue roll.", "A small corner of a bath room with a toilet.", "A toilet is shown with tissues above it."]
["A desk with a laptop, computer monitor and a keyboard.", "A laptop on a desk with another monitor.", "A computer desk with a keyboard, laptop and computer monitor.", "A wooden desk topped with a laptop computer.", "A wooden desk with a lap top and a desktop monitor"]
["A computer, keyboard and mouse sitting on a desk.", "A desktop computer and a printer on top of a desk", "A desktop computer monitor sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "A computer monitor is sitting on a cluttered desk.", "a computer work station with a printer, computer monitor, mouse, keyboard, and various books and materials"]
["A happy motor cyclist in leathers on a sunny day", "Man wearing a helmet and black and orange jacket on motorcycle. ", "A man in a black and red jacket on a bike", "A close up of a man sitting on a motorcycle.", "a man in a red and black leather jacket on a motorcycle"]
["Two men riding motorcycles down a curvy road.", "Two people riding motorcycles close enough that they are touching.", "Two people are side by side on motor cycles racing each other.\n", "two people driving motorcycles next to each other ", "two people riding motorcycles near each other "]
["a man wearing leather riding on a motorcycle ", "A man on a motorcycle is tilting around a turn.", "A person on a motorcycle on a road near trees.", "a man on a motor cycle rides through the street ", "a man in a helmet is riding a motorcycle"]
["Four identical motorcyclists viewed from the back as they look over their shoulders.", "Four people on motorcycles are riding next to each other.", "A group of four bikers looking over their shoulders.", "A set of four bikers riding motorcycles side by side.", "Four helmeted motorcyclists on a gravel race course."]
["A woman posing and riding on a red motorcycle", "A woman in leather pants posing on a red motorcycle.", "A woman outside in front of a building posing on a motorcycle", "A picture of a person on a motorcycle.", "The woman is sitting on the motorcycle by the plants."]
["A man on a motorcycle that is on a road that has grass fields on both sides and a stop sign.", "A man sitting on a motorcycle at an intersection.", "A young man sitting on a motorcycle on a street surrounded by a grassy field. ", "A man is sitting on his motorcycle by a stop sign.", "A man is riding a motorcycle down a narrow country lane."]
["Person riding a four wheeler on a beach towards a bridge.", "A person rides a vehicle on the beach.", "there is a police man riding a tav on the beach", "A man riding an ATV next to the ocean.", "A person riding a four wheel on the beach."]
["A motorcyclist relaxes in full garb leaning on the vehicle.", "A person sitting on the ground next to a motorcycle.", "A person in helmet leaning on a motorcycle with a fence next to it.", "a person sitting on the ground next to a motorcycle", "A person sitting up against a motorcycle along the road."]
["Two motorcycles parked on the side of the road.", "One black motorcycle and one red motorcycle next to each other", "Two red motorcycles are parked by the curb.", "A red and a black Ducati parked on the street next to each other. ", "Two red motorcycles parked at a curb on the street."]
["a close up of a motorcycle parked on a street filled with people", "Fancy motorcycle parked for display at motor vehicle street fair.", "a motorcycle parked on the side of the road", "A motorcycle with three wheels parked along a curb.", "A parked three wheeled motorcycle near a group of people."]
["There is a small lamb poses on the bike.", "A lamb sitting on the handle bars of a Vespa.", "A small lamb is sitting on the handlebars of a bike.", "A sheep that is sitting on top of a moped.", "A baby lamb is on the handlebars of a moped."]
["a man that is riding a motorcycle on a road", "there is a man riding a bike up the road", "A man in riding gear, riding a red motorcycle down a road.", "A motorcyclist in full gear posing on his bike.", "A man on a motorcycle rides past a waterfall."]
["A young man stands by two red motorcycles.", "A motorcycle and a man are matching in red.", "A man standing next to a red motorcycle on a stone walkway.", "A young man posing beside his red racing motorcycle.", "This is an image of a man next to a motorcycle."]
["A man riding on the back of a blue motorcycle.", "The man is riding a motorcycle in the waves.", "A man posing with his motor cycle on the beach", "A person sitting on a motor bike on the water.", "A man rides a motorcycle on a beach. "]
["A man dressed all in leather standing next to a motorcycle.", "The motorcycle rider is alone on the mossy, uneven terrain.", "The motorcycle person is riding on the hillside", "A man with a helmet  on a motorcycle pulled over ", "there is a man standing in the mountains next to a motorcycle"]
["A man handing another man something inside of a room.", "a man with tribal markings sits smiling taking something from a standing man", "A man standing up giving another man something while he is sitting down. ", "a couple of people that are siting in side of a building", "A man is holding an object towards an elder man."]
["A man riding on the back of a motorcycle next to another man.", "A person sitting at a motorcycle looking at another person. ", "A man sitting on a motorcycle as another man walks towards him.", "Man with helmet walking toward man on motorcycle. ", "A person in motorcycle apparel from the back, standing in front of a person in motorcycle apparel on a motorcycle from the side, on pave surface by water."]
["A motorcycle parked on the side of a road.", "The motor cycle is parked near the curb.", "A motorcycle is parked next to a road.", "A blue and red motorcycle is parked on the side of the street.", "a colorful motorcycle sitting on the side of the road"]
["He does have control of the motorcycle while pulling a wheelie.", "A guy is doing stunts on a motorcycle. ", "a man is riding a motorcycle on one wheel", "A person on a motor bike on a road.", "A man in gear riding a motorcycle on one wheel"]
["A man riding a motorcycle down a street next to a train car.", "A motorcycle pops a wheelie in front of a cable car.", "A man doing a wheelie on a motorcyle", "A man with a helmet is riding a motorcycle up the street with a streetcar behind him in mid afternoon.", "A motorcyclist performs a wheelie on the street. "]
["A motorcycle parked on the side of a street.", "A motorcycle is parked on the side of a street. ", "A motorcycle parked on a city street in front of a bookstore.", "a custom built chopper parked on the street.", " a chromed out motorcycle with unusual exhaust pipes"]
["A motorcycle parked next to a  car in a  parking lot.", "A motorcycle is parked on the side of the street.", "a motorcycle parked on a street with a car behind it", "A motorcycle parked in a parking lot near a silver car. ", "A silver motorcycle parked near a city road as a car passes behind it."]
["man with long thick gray beard riding a motorcycle", "A man is going for a ride on his motorcycle. ", "A man with a beard riding on a motorcycle. ", "A man riding on the back of a motorcycle down a street.", "A man with an amazing beard riding a motorcycle."]
["a man wearing leathers and his black motorcycle", "A man wearing a helmet poses next to his motorcycle on the side of the road.", "A picture of a person and a motorcycle on the street.", "A man on the street kneeling down next to his motorcycle.", "A man kneeling next to a motorcycle on a road."]
["A man riding a bike down a dirt road.", "A person sits on a motorcycle while wearing riding gear.", "Someone is riding a motorcycle through a grassy field. ", "A picture of a man sitting on a motorcycle on a dirt road.", "A biker and his motorcycle stuck in the mud."]
["The rider, clothed in camoflague and ski boots, is sure to blend into the grassy area on his motorbike.", "A man is sitting on his dirt bike, ready to take off. ", "The motorcycle rider is pulling on his gloves.", "A man in camouflage sits on a dirt bike. ", "A man seated upon a stationary motocross motorcycle."]
["a guy sitting on a motor cycle next to some trees", "A rider is dressed in red riding gear while sitting on a coordinating red motorcycle.", "A man riding on the back of a red motorcycle.", "a man standing on a motorcycle trying to get it to start ", "Motorcyclis in red white and blue clothing with matching colored motorcycle."]
["A man on a motor bike driving down the road.", "A man riding a motorcycle down a road in the mountains", "A motorcycle rider rides by the blue mountains.", "A man with a helmet riding on a motorcycle. ", "a middle-aged man rides his motorcycle on a mountainous road"]
["A person sits on the road near their motorcycle.", "motorcycle rider in black and red riding gear sitting next to bike", "A person is in protective motorcycle gear sitting on the ground.", "A man in full gear for riding motocross ", "A person with a helmet, boots and jacket on sitting in the street next to a motorcycle. "]
["A young man is sitting on his blue motorcycle. ", "A young man riding a moped down a dirt road.", "A young man poses on his scooter on a dirt road.", "A young man is riding a motorcycle on a country road.", "The man in the leather jacket in on a blue motorcycle."]
["A man wearing a leather jacket standing next to a black motorcycle.", "A man dressed in black is standing in front of a black motorcycle.", "A leather clad motorcycle rider and his black bike", "A man dressed all in black with a full head helmet standing next to a motorcycle.", "Rider stands next to his or her black racing motorcycle."]
["A man posing for a picture beside his bike. ", "a man that is standing next to his motorcycle", "a man is posing in front of his motorcycle. ", "A man kneeling down to a red and orange motorcycle.", "A motorcycle rider crouching by his bike for a portrait "]
["A motorcycle driver sitting next to his motorcycle. ", "A man sitting next to a motorcycle in the middle of a road.", "A man sitting on the road next to his dirt bike", "A man in body suit resting against a motorcycle.", "A motorcyclist sits on the ground next to his motorcycle in the middle of a road in a wooded area."]
["A black and white cat sits near a window looking outside.", "A black and white cat looking out a window over another cat.", "A cat sitting in front of a window looking outside.", "One cat is looking out a window and another cat is out on the ledge.", "A cat inside a window looking out near another cat."]
["A red motorcycle on display at a show. ", "Red bike on shiny showroom floor with crowd", "a close up of a parked motorcycle indoors", "bright orange motorcycle in a showroom with same color orange floors", "The new orange motorcycle is standing on display."]
["A person on a motorcycle looks at a sign.", "A person on a motorcycle is looking out over a valley towards mountains.", "A motorcyclist sitting by a sign with mountains across the way.", "A motorcyclist pauses to enjoy a view of mountains.", "A person on a motorcycle stopping by a sign"]
["A shiny black motorcycle with gleaming chrome is parked on a city sidewalk.", "The back view of a motorcycle dash and rear.", "A photo of a motorcyle taken from behind looking at it's gauges", "A motorcycle that is black in a room.", "a black and silver motorcycle is parked and some people"]
["a wooden desk outdoors with pink flowers in front of it.", "A bunch of flowers are outside on a wall.", "Many pink flowers are sitting on an old table near chairs. ", "Three chairs next to a wooden table and flowers", "Old green chairs are sitting next to a wooden table."]
["A young person in a motorcycle outfit sitting on a bike preparing to ride.", "Outside rural building, rider wearing super trendy logo-emblazoned motorcycle outfit with matching helmet is seated on a very sleek, modern motorcycle.", "A person with a helmet on sitting down on a dirt bike. ", "A man who is sitting on top of a dirt bike.", "a man in a blue outfit sitting on a little motorcycle\n"]
["A motorcycle with long rails hanging from it.", "A motorcycle is parked on the side of the road. ", "A motorcycle with crazy long exhaust pipes parked along the side of the road.", "a motor cycle parked behind a green truck", "A motorcycle parked behind a green truck near buildings.."]
["a person in leather clothes and helmet riding a bike ", "A man riding on the back of a motorcycle.", "Person dressed in black wearing a helmet on a black motorcycle.", "A person wearing a helmet is riding a motorcycle.", "A man in leather on top of a motorcycle."]
["A man sitting on a parked motorcycle on the street ", "A man riding a red motorcycle in front of a red garage.", "A man poses with his motorcycle outside a garage.", "A motorcycle rider sits atop his motorcycle and smiles.", "A motorcycle driver poses on his parked motorcycle."]
["A three wheeled motorcycle parked with some other old vehicles.", "an odd looking car is parked in the grass", "There are a lot of old vintage cars outside at the fair.", "A car that is sitting in the grass.", "Old hot rods are sitting in a grass lot."]
["A custom motorcycle sits in a car show", "Motor vehicles that are unique being parked in a field with people watching.", "a big motorcycle sitting next to a line of cars", "A cruising motorcycle parked on grass next to old-fashioned vintage trucks.", "The antique motorcycle is parked beside a truck."]
["A row of motorcycles sitting on top of a parking lot.", "several motor cycles parked in a row and an antique car behind them", "Several motorcycles are parked next to each other on asphalt. ", "Several motorcycles lined up and parked beside one another.", "A number of motorcycles parked in a line."]
["A motorcycle parked at a store parking lot.", "A couple of motorcycles are parked as people observe. ", "A motorcycle parked outside of a public area during the day.", "Two bikes are parked next to each other on the curb", "Two motorcycles parked near a building with some people outside."]
["A collection of items from a bag laid on floor.", "Items from a green tote sit on the floor and include a cell phone, an Ipod, a green folder, keys, pens and a few other items.", "the contents of a bag laying organized on the floor ", "A collection of items one might find in a woman's purse.", "A few notebooks, inhaler, cell phone, ipod, pens, keys and a bag on the floor."]
["A bed in a hotel room with doors leading to a balcony.", "A hotel room with balcony, white fitted sheets and pillows", "A made bed in a nicely furnished bedroom.", "A bedroom features a bed with white bedding and a French patio doors.", "A bedroom in earth tones with a sliding glass door."]
["A bedroom area with a bed, mirror and window to patio.", "a motel room with a large bed a desk and sliding glass doors ", "A hotel room with a luggage on a  king bed.", "A bed and a mirror in a small room.", "A bed topped with two black bags under a skylight."]
["A small dog on TV behind the words \" What Did I Do Wrong?'.", "A picture of a TV displaying a television commercial about animal abuse.", "A poster of a sad dog for an animal rights group.", "A television is showing an animal abuse commercial with a sad looking dog.", "A picture of a brown and white dog with lines through it."]
["The left side of a white dog sitting on a couch.", "A white dog is sitting in the room.", "a man that is sitting in side of a house", " a white dog with black ear and black spot on eye", "A dog stares intently off to the left in front of a glaring TV."]
["A lamp with a shade sitting on top of an older model television.", "A lamp laying on a wooden floor next to a picture of a lamp on a TV.", "Two gold colored lamps an a tv are in this paneled room.", "A golden lamp is next to brown wood panel.", "Split photo showing lamp on table next to television in paneled room."]
["A green and blue motorcycle parked on the side of a road.", "A scooter with a helmet hanging off it's handlebars.", "A motorized bicycle covered with greens and beans.", "A very nice looking scooter with some veggies.", "a  bycycle basket with green beans inside"]
["A clean organized and fully furnished living area.", "A living area with a group of sofas, coffee table and television.", "a mostly white living room with colorful books on a shelf ", "a well lit living room in neutral colors with a colorful book shelf", "A view of living room's sofa, television and coffee table."]
["A person's feet are shown in front of a small tv.", "A person is on a bed watching a television screen.", "A person laying on a bed while watching television.", "a person in socks lying on bed watching Tv screen", "A person watches TV while laying in bed. "]
["A man and woman riding a motor scooter.", "Two people riding a motor bike near some buses.", "Two people on a scooter surrounded by red buses. ", "Two people riding a scooter surrounded by big red buses.", "Two people on a yellow moped next to red busses."]
["A plane that is flying in the air.", "A close-up photo of a propeller plane in flight.", "A World War II-era bomber flying out of formation", "The old fashioned propeller plane is flying in a clear sky.", "An airplane is flying low while four others fly in formation above."]
["Blue and grey fighter jet flying in a clear blue sky.", "A digital camouflaged air plane jet in the air. ", "A camouflaged jet is flying in the air with landing wheels partially down.", "A multi-colored jet flies in the blue sky.", "A fighter jet flying through a blue sky."]
["I think that the plane has just taken off.", "An airplane is mounted on a stand in a park.", "A plane is on display at a national park.", "An airplane on display on top of a pillar in a green field.", "A jet fighter type plane on display in a grassy field."]
["A view from the window of a plane in the sky.", "The view outside the plane window is of mountains.", "an air plane wing with mountains in the background", "A wing view of an airplane in the sky.", "The airplane is flying over the mountains below."]
["A large Air Force jet taking off of a runway.", "A large grey air craft is preparing to take off.", "Air Force plane sitting on an air field.", "A giant plane sits on the landing strip.  ", "A plane on an airport runway on a cloudy day. "]
["The single propelleor airplane slowly takes off from the airport.", "A airplane that has a propeller on it.", "An old dark blue airplane taking off near a house.", "A small plane with a black and yellow propeller.", "a black and yellow airplane flying and some trees"]
["Large unusual looking plain on the runway surrounded by many people.", "A group of people boarding a large aircraft ", "Many people are standing next to a very large plane with its bottom doors open", "A large cargo plane on display at an airshow.", "A military jet that has its loading compartment open for viewing."]
["four lambs grazing in a fenced in pasture", "A black sheep stands among white sheep in a paddock", "A picture of a field with multiple animals grazzing.", "two white sheep, a black goat and a white goat in a field", "A group of sheep in a big field."]
["An American Airlines jet plane parked near a terminal.", "a large air plane on a run way", "an American air liner being loaded with passengers ", "a silver red and blue jet at an airport", "A line of planes parked outside of an airport."]
["Two airplanes flying in tandem leave a smoky contrail in the sky.", "Two airplanes leave a trail of smoke as they ascend upwards. ", "Two planes fly in formation in a partly cloudy sky.", "Two small planes are flying upward with a trail of smoke behind it. ", "Two airplanes making \"loop\" formations in the sky during an air show. "]
["An SUV with pennants and decals supporting a sports team", "An SUV with San Diego Chargers memorabilia ", "truck sitting in the road with chargers decorations on it ", "A blue Jeep car is driving down the street with Chargers flags. ", "an suv on a city street with many decorations of a football team"]
["A wooden park bench between two floral arrangements.", "A memorial bench with floral arrangements on each end sits in front of a field.", "A park bench decorated with flowers sits by a grassy field.", "A wood bench in a field with flowers by it.", "The bench in the field has a memorial plaque on it."]
["A small airplane is parked on the runway.", "A small airplane is next to a picnic table.", "there is a small white plane parked at a airport", "A small engine plane with its door open on a runway.", "An airplane parked at an airfield with its door open."]
["An older woman sits in a sweater at the beach.", "A person wearing sun glasses and blue jeans sitting on a rock by the ocean.", "A woman is sitting on the beach. ", "A lady near some rocks during the daytime looking at the camera.", "An older woman sitting on a drift log at a beach."]
["A group of men sitting next to each other.", "A black and white photo is shown of a group of men.", "a black and white photo of men in white shirts and a dog", "A group of men on a team are posing for a picture.", "Nine men pose together near a coach and a dog."]
["A couple of zebra standing next to a giraffe.", "Giraffe and zebras in a dusty zoo enclosure.", "Two zebras and a giraffe standing by a tree. ", "Wildlife animals standing on dirt area in enclosed zoo pen.", "Two zebras and giraffe stand in front of a large tree."]
["A dog and a couple sitting on a wood bench.", "a close up of two people on a bench with a dog", "A man sitting next to a woman with an adorable brown dog.", "A woman and man sitting beside each other and their dog on a bench. ", "a couple of people that are sitting on a bench with a dog"]
["A busy street with lots of car traffic.", "Many cars and truck are driving on the busy street.", "A yellow van driving down a street in the middle of traffic.", "A yellow school bus negotiates and intersection in a city.", "Traffic on a road on a sunny day "]
["A wooden area on a ship with lots of food.", "The light is reflecting off of the wooden planks.", "there is a close up view of several benches", "A close up photo of an empty wooden bench.", "a wooden bench with some arm rests and a window"]
["A view of a crosswalk that leads into a intersection. \n", "An old brick building next to a tree, near traffic. ", "an intersection with a sign that reads \"Blonough\" St.", "An intersection with street signs and cars next to a brick building.", "A street sign that is next to a red light."]
["A wooden bench sitting next to a fence near a forest.", " Black and white photograph of a park bench next to water.", "Black and white photograph of a park bench overlooking water", "Black and white photo of a park and bench.", "A park bench is in the grass overlooking a river."]
["Airplanes are lined up at a small airport.", "Multiple planes on display for people to come see.", "Military fighter jets sit on a tarmac and are not in use presently.", "A plane sitting on top of an airport runway.", "There are four old airplanes on a lot."]
["a wire with a street light hanging from it", "A red stoplight is hanging from overhead wires.", "Although the traffic lights face two directions they are both red.", "A traffic light is lit up red with a light that says walk.", "Both of the lights of the traffic signals are red."]
["Red street lights on an empty intersection with no traffic", "Some red traffic lights set against a sunset", "There is no picture here to write a description of.", "A deserted three way intersection with a red light", "Intersection at night with a red traffic light and buildings"]
["A fighter jet flying through a cloudy blue sky.", "A grey fighter jet in blue cloudy sky.", "An airplane is flying into a puffy cloud.", "There is no image here to provide a caption for.", "An airplane in flight climbing toward the clouds."]
["a jet that is parked on a runway", "An airplane with the word navy pained on the side is sitting on a runway and people are sitting inside of the plane.", "Fighter jet how to take off on a landing strip in Fairport", "A Navy jet fighter sitting on top of a runway.", "A jet airplane is sitting on a runway."]
["A blue helicopter flying upside down in the sky.", "A blue aircraft that is flying upside down close to the ground.", "There is smoke coming from an aircraft in the sky.", "A single person propellor airplane that is flying upside down with clouds in the distance.", "A small airplane is being flown upside down."]
["A small black airplane sitting on top of a runway.", "A prop plane spins up it's propeller for take off.", "A small plane on a runway, taking off.", "An old military plane on a runway with wings folded.", "an image of a broken fighter plane on the runway"]
["A tall giraffe standing in front of two giant stones.", "a young giraffe standing by large brown rocks near a grassy area", "a giraffe standing on a dirt ground with trees in the background", "The giraffe is standing all alone outside with nothing around it. ", "A giraffe is standing in a lot behind two rocks."]
["A airplane is on display behind an enclosure with snow on the ground", "A airplane sitting on the ground behind a fence.", "An airplane on display behind a fence with a dusting of snow on the ground.", "A World War plane on display in a park.", "a large air plane on a field behind a fence"]
["A cat sitting outside on a bench on a sunny day.", "A cat stares towards sunlight while sitting on bench", "Adult cat with a collar sitting outdoors on a wooden bench,", "A cat sitting on a bench looking to the side.", "Orange cat sitting on bench outside in sun."]
["That small plane looks like it is ready for takeoff.", "A man cleaning a small single engine airplane.", "An airplane sitting at an airport while a man looks inside of it. ", "a orange and white Cessna airplane parked near a runway", "Small plane and attendant at airfield on clear day."]
["An airport topped with lots of planes under a cloudy blue sky.", "Several airplanes are on the ground at an airport.", "Several airplanes parked on the tarmac at an airport.", "A group of planes parked on the runway", "a runway that has a bunch of airplanes on it"]
["A large commercial airliner is flying through the sky.", "a red and white jet flying and some white clouds", "A airplane that is flying in the sky.", "a large air plane flying thru the air ", "An airplane soaring through the air while lifting its landing gear."]
["View of the street with a traffic signal and shops.", "A slanted view of a city street at night.", "yellow lines painted on city street at night", "A city street with train tracks and traffic light.", "A train track on the road with a street sign"]
["The Big Ben clock tower towering over the city of London.", "A tower clock lights up the night in a neon fashion for oncoming traffic.", "A view of a clock tower at night is seen from the street. ", "A picture of a city with a tower clock in the middle of the city with traffic", "Several cars stopped at a stoplight with a clock tower ahead"]
["a man sits by himself on a bench in a stone-paved square in front of a large bed of flowers", "A young man sitting on a park bench by himself.", "A man who is sitting on a wooden bench by himself.", "A young man sits on a bench next to a large flower bed. ", "A man sitting on top of a wooden bench."]
["A pair of shoes sits on a bench next to a door. ", "a pair of shoes on a bench next to a brick wall", "a pair of shoes on a purple bench and some graffiti on a door", "High-top shoes sitting on a street bench near a metal door.", "A picture of some shoes on a table."]
["a yellow pole that has a meter on top of it", "A meter in front of a train speeding by. ", "A parking meter stands next to a busy road.", "a parking vendor sits next to a moving train ", "A parking meter with traffic caught going in motion behind it."]
["A group of people standing around a picnic table.", "A couple of people posing for a picture with a beach behind them.", "These people have a lot of gear for some sort of activity.", "A group of elderly travelers around a bench near the ocean", "Group of people posing for a photo next to a valley."]
["A giraffe standing in a field of grass.", "The giraffe is standing in the middle of a field.", "The giraffe stands alone in the open safari area", "A lone giraffe stands on the green savannah.", "a giraffe in the middle of a field of grass with trees in the background"]
["Three giraffe sitting and standing on a lush green forest.", "Giraffes in a field with trees and tall grass.", "Two giraffes lying on the ground facing different directions.", "A picture of giraffes laying under trees in an enclosure.", "Two giraffes laying down in the grass while another stands by a fence and with its head behind a tree."]
["Cars are lined up in traffic at a red light.", "Cars stopped at a red light in heavy traffic. ", "A bunch of cars that are sitting at a red light.", "A street filled with lots of traffic and traffic signals.", "A bunch of cars sitting still in the middle of a street"]
["A person drives a bus on a busy road. ", "Back view of a girl riding a bus or perhaps a trolley.  ", "A person sitting on a bus on a street.", "A person is riding in front of a bus and looking out the window.", "A woman in a bus with cars ahead "]
["Black and white photo of people looking at animals grazing.", "A group of tourists watch a herd of sheep in a field.", "Black and white photograph of people observing sheep in a field", "Men and women sitting outside of a sheep enclosure.", "A group of young people standing next to a field by a herd of sheep."]
["A zoo animal is standing beside a tree.", "a giraffes head is in front of a tree", "A giraffe's head and neck appear under a green, leafy tree.", "A giraffe cools off in the shade under a tree", "A giraffe has full neck extended and is standing beneath a tree."]
["Two sheep grazing the field in a mountainous area. ", "Two plump white sheep stand in a grassy valley meadow. ", "Sheep are seen amongst the grassy plains and mountains.", "Sheep standing on a pasture looking down at surroundings.", "A shaggy haired sheep standing in a field of grass."]
["Two white sheep in grassy area with mountains in background.", "Two marked sheep are grazing in the tall grass by the rocky hillside.", "Two sheep are grazing out in the open field.", "Two sheep are on a grassy hillside by a mountain.", "sheep with red spots on their backs standing in some tall grass "]
["The infamous Big Ben clock tower towering over the city of London.", "A large tower with a clock high up on the building.", "A view shows large buildings, a large clock, and a Ferris wheel. ", "A clock tower and ferris wheel in a city.", "a tall clock tower with a ferris wheel in the background"]
["a bus and some cars at a park like setting", "Cars and a bus are parked in a parking lot.", "The bus is parked next to the cars in the parking lot. ", "The bus is parked among the cars in the lot.", "A bunch of vehicles that are sitting in the street."]
["A street intersection in an Asian country during the day", "Trucks and motorcycles on a road below traffic lights.", "Cars and motorcycles drive down a street lined by palm trees.", "A truck and motorcycle at a traffic light with many different colors.", "a bunch of lights are hanging above a street"]
["A bunch of animals in a grassy area.", "Many lambs are shown grazing amongst grass in a field.", "A heard of sheep are roaming in the pasture.", "A group of sheep are standing out in a field.", "A herd of sheep that are standing in a field."]
["A bunch of giraffes that are standing in the grass.", "Three giraffes are running and two are standing in a field.", "A group of giraffes stand in a grassy area.", "a couple of giraffes are in a field", "The small herd of giraffes is running away."]
["A herd of giraffe standing next to each other near a forested hillside.", "A group of giraffes are standing together on the veldt.", "an image of a herd of giraffes in a plain", "Half a dozen healthy giraffes hanging out in a field", "A group of giraffes faces and stare in the same direction while one of the faces and stares in the other ."]
["A man with camera watching a group of giraffes", "A man with a head scarf is carrying a camera with a zoom lens around his neck looking at a herd of giraffes. ", "A person is watching animals in the wild with a camera.", "A photographer looks at animals on a hillside.", "A photographer looking at a group of giraffes. "]
["A pig and cow are standing out in the grass.", "The sheep and a cow are standing near a tree. ", "A pig eating in front of a cow in the background.", "a pink pig is eating something on the ground", "Sheep grazing in a small garden at dusk."]
["A green stop light that is hanging above the street.", "A traffic light hanging over a street under a blue sky.", "A stop light is hanging over an intersection in a small town. ", "A very typical looking quiet street corner with some wires above.", "There is a green street light hanging over this empty intersection."]
["A group of three giraffe standing inside of a cage.", "The three giraffes are being kept indoors for being to see. ", "Three giraffes in an indoor enclosure being photographed by visitors.", "A group of zebras in a glass room with people taking pictures.", "A man seems to be taking shots of four Zebras. "]
["A blue double decker bus driving down a street.", "A double decker bus traveling down the road.", "Double-decker bus parked along the city street which is blue.", "A big blue bus is parked on the side of the street.", "this is a pair of buses parked at a station"]
["A herd of animals walking across  a grass covered field.", "Herd of sheep grazing or laying down in the field", "A large group of animals on a grass field.", "a flock of sheep in a green pasture", "A bunch of lambs standing around in a field."]
["Two double decker buses sit parked as tourists walk nearby.", "two different double decker buses one is red and white the other green and white", "Some people who are standing near some passenger buses.", "People are near two double decker buses on a curb. ", "Two double decker buses sitting parked near each other."]
["a close up of a bowl with wood and screws inside", "The metal bowl has many screws inside of it.", "A small bowl with some screws in it", "The inside view of the top of a fire hydrant.", "An orange fire hydrant with loose screws on the very top"]
["This man is sitting on a bench next to a tree.", "a person sitting on a bench under a tree", "A man sitting on a park bench looking at something he's holding.", "A man sits on a green bench situated on a forest path.", "A young man sitting on a bench working on a laptop."]
["An old wooden bench sitting beside a bush", "A wooden bench sitting in the middle of a jungle.", "An old wooden bench in nature surrounded by plants.", "A plant is growing behind the old bench", "there is a bench that is next to many plants"]
["A peach colored blooming azalea bush next to a bench.", "a flower bush next to a wooden bench.", "A large bush of yellow and pink flowers next to a bench.", "A rhododendron bush is in full bloom beside a park bench. ", "A beautiful bush of flowers next to a bench."]
["A park bench sits by a tree underneath a red flowered tree.", "A park bench sitting in front of a fruit filled tree.", "A park bench sitting under a tree and in front of a brightly colored bush.", "The bench is under a tree and rose bush. ", "The small bench is nestled under the tree."]
["The sidewalk is made out of bricks and has a fire hydrant on it.", "A fire hydrant looks weathered on a torn sidewalk.", "A fire hydrant sitting on a wooden walkway next to a  bulding.", "A black and white photograph of a sidewalk and fire extinguisher.", "A fire hydrant sits on a brick walkway near an asphalt street."]
["A silver fire hydrant sitting next to a  road on a sidewalk.", "There is no image to provide a caption for.", "A fire hydrant is shown on the sidewalk.", "A fire hydrant that has been painted silver.", "A white firefighter hydrant in the middle of a big city. "]
["The fire hydrant on the side of the street has lots of litter all over it. ", "A chrome fire hydrant is on a crowded sidewalk.", "a gold painted fire hydrant with someones hand on top of it", "A silver fire hydrant at night with trash all around it", "A person touching the top of a fire hydrant."]
["A gray and silver fire hydrant sitting next to a rock.", "Black hydrant with silver top near several large pieces of logs.", "A black fire hydrant with a white top next to a cut log", "A fire hydrant in a wooded area covered in vines. ", "A fire hydrant with vines growing on it."]
["A bus is coming around a bend near a traffic light.", "A white bus turning on a street under a bridge.", "The bus traveling underneath a bridge is making a turn.", "a city street with a new york city public transportation bus turning on to it", "A bus is making a left turn behind a white car."]
["A wooden bench sitting up against a lush green park.", "PARK BENCH IN FRONT OF A FENCE AND LOTS OF TREES", "An empty park bench sits in front of a hedge and a grassy field.", "a park bench sits in front of a grass area ", "A bench in front of a vine covered fence."]
["A passenger bus that is driving down the street.", "A couple of white and blue buses driving down a street.", "A bus riding down the road in the middle of the day.", "a very long bus moving on the street very fast", "a city bus drives down a road with other traffic "]
["a yellow pipe next to a bricked pavement and a bush.", "A yellow fire hydrant on curb with bushes and tree with brick road and red poles.", "a yellow fire hydrant near many bushes ", "a yellow fire hydrant sitting front of a bush ", "A yellow fire hydrant sitting next to red post."]
["A black and white view of a double decked bus on the street.", "There is an older style double decker bus with the word Falke on its side.", "A large double decker bus drives down a street.", "a bus that is parked next to a large building", "A double deck tour bus riding down a street at night."]
["A red double decker bus driving down a street.", "Red double decker bus driving down a busy street.", "Vehicles and pedestrians in busy urban city setting.", "A city street with a busy roadway and a busy sidewalk.", "A busy city with cars lined up on the road."]
["Six old men, four sitting on a bench and two standing, conversing.", "A group of men sit on a bench outside.", "Elderly men sitting on a park bench and standing nearby", "Four elderly men sitting on a bench and two standing", "A group of old men standing around a bench."]
["A red fire hydrant on a city street sidewalk.", "Street with a big bright red fire hydrant.", "A red fire hydrant sitting in the middle of a sidewalk.", "a fire hydrant sits on a city side walk ", "A red fire hydrant on the side of the street."]
["A child on a toy is approaching a fire hydrant.", "A small child on a bike riding past a hydrant", "A boy rides a toy scooter towards a fire hydrant.", "A fire hydrant and a kid on a sidewalk.", "A toddler riding a toy vehicle by a fire hydrant."]
["a close up of a bench on a city street ", "A bench is sitting on the side of a street.", "A wooden bench sitting on a side walk.", "A row of four benches with a green gate behind them. ", "a large wooden park bench next to some rails"]
["A large dog standing next to a man holding a child.", "A man holding a baby up on the floor next to a beagle dog.", "The man plays with a baby as a dog stands near. ", "A man plays on the floor with a small child and dog.", "A man playing with his child while a dog watches"]
["A yellow and blue fire hydrant by a fence", "Yellow fire hydrant sitting in front of a chain linked fenced area. ", "there is a yellow and blue fire hydrant", "The fire hydrant has been painted yellow with blue trim.", "A yellow and blue fire hydrant sitting outside of a gated building."]
["A man asleep on a park bench, with another empty bench next to him.", "Their is a woman lying on the bench.", "a lady that is sitting on a park bench", "A woman resting on a wooden park bench.", "Woman trying to sleep on a bench in the park"]
["A green bus driving down a street next to a traffic light.", "Green bus driving down a busy lined street.", "A bus riding past a green traffic light down a street.", "There is a green bus traveling near a traffic light.", "a city bus makes it rounds while people commute "]
["A man walking down a road in front of a double decker bus.", "a person is walking down a tunnel with a bus behind them", "A woman wrapped in a blanket is walking ahead of a bus.", "A large bus and some people on a road.", "A woman walks down the middle of the road with a red cloak on."]
["A man getting off a double decker bus", "GUY STEPPING UP ON THE CURB GIVING A THUMBS UP", "A man that is standing in front of a bus.", "a man standing outside of a double decker bus giving thumbs up", "The man gives the thumbs up as he steps off the red bus."]
["A person on a surfboard with a paddle in the water.", "A man in a wet suit standing on a surfboard with a paddle. ", "Elderly man standing and paddling on a paddleboard. ", "A man paddle boarding on a lake. ", "A man in black wetsuit paddling a surfboard in water."]
["A fire hydrant on a sidewalk along a street.", "An ugly green fire hydrant on the verge of needing replacement.", "a fire hydrant sits off a city street ", "The green fire hydrant is sitting on the side of the street.", "A rusty green fire hydrant that is next to the curb. "]
["a picture of a water hydrant with many snow. ", "A fire hydrant is covered in snow near a pine branch.", "A fire hydrant covered with snow in the snow ", "A fire hydrant is surrounded by and covered with snow. ", "An orange fire hydrant covered in snow next to a tree."]
["A green fire hydrant on a city sidewalk.  ", "A green fire hydrant next to a street.", "a painted green fire hydrant along a street", "a close up of a green fire hydrant near a city street", "A rusty fire hydrant is close to the edge of the curb and painted green."]
["A person silhouetted against a cloudy sky, holding an umbrella.", "Person stands holding an umbrella in front of a chain linked fence. ", "A person holding an umbrella over their head with a bunch of birds flying.", "A person holding an umbrella in front of a fence.", "A person standing with an umbrella in shadow at dusk."]
["A car and traffic light on a city street.", "An NYPD police car sitting on Broadway near a stoplight", "Black and white picture of an NYPD car. ", "A black and white photo of a NYPD police car traveling down Broadway in New York City.", "A NYPD police car in New York City."]
["A large bird sits at the top of a tree. ", "A VERY BIG BIRD PERCHED ON A BRANCH ON A TREE", "Bird sitting on top branch of tree looking out", "Large bird of prey standing on branch  on clear day.", "A large bird perched on top of a tree with lots of leaves."]
["Two sheep standing next to each other in a barn.", "Some sheep stand outside a wooden plank building.", "Two sheep are in a barn standing next to each other.", "A pair of sheep covered in snow in a snowy yard.", "Two sheep are outside and are covered in snow."]
["this is a bird flying in the sky with its wings", "a bird flying vertically with its wings spread", "A blue and green  hummingbird seems to hang in the air with its wings together and outstretched. ", "A colorful bird flying with it's wings in front of it.", "there is a bird that is many different colors on it"]
["some blurred sheep are running and some green grass", "A blurry photo of several black and white sheep running .", "A group of sheep run swiftly over a field.", "Farm animals, probably sheep, running around in this blurry photograph. ", "A dog is chasing sheep across an area in full speed."]
["A white bus parked in a parking lot next to a car.", "A couple of people standing outside a bus.", "People in a parking lot with luggage, a bus, and some cars.", "A man with several suitcases stands next to a bus while another couple stands by their car with an open trunk.", "A large tourist bus is awaiting luggage from riders."]
["A red double decker bus driving down a street.", "a double stacked city bus coming down the street", "A double-decker bus on a busy street on an overcast day.", "A double decker bus driving down a street.", "Red, modern double decker bus driving down the street"]
["A couple of giraffe standing next to each other in a  forest.", "Two giraffes in the wild on a sunny day", "Two giraffes standing among low trees in an outdoor setting.", "Two giraffes standing next to each other near trees", "Two tall giraffes standing next to each other. "]
["Birds fly overhead in a gloomy sky above buildings, a brick archway and an ornate clock.", "People stand on a bridge with a clock tower on it.", "A view of birds flying in the air near a clock tower.", "a couple of buildings that have a bridge attached", "This is a bridge that is connecting two buildings. "]
["A person standing in front of a stop sign in the dark.", "A red stop sign sitting above a traffic light.", "a man stands in front of a stop sign ", "A person stands by a stop sign at night.", "a man that is standing under a big stop sign"]
["a bunch of sheep all chillin together in a bin", "A bunch of sheep are squeezed together in a boxed unit.", "A bunch of sheep are herded tightly together.", "Box car with a bunch of sleep packed in tight.", "A herd of sheep crowded into a green transportation container."]
["Several sheep are standing beside a road while one walks on it.", "some brown and white sheep a road dirt and some water", "A lot of lambs walking around a beach.", "A group of sheep gather on the side of the road.", "A herd of sheep on a beach next to a body of water and on the road."]
["A group of sheep standing on a road and a road side.", "a group of sheep grazing and blocking the road in front of a vehicle", "A car halts due to a herd of sheep crossing into the road.", "Some animals are walking on the street and next to the car. ", "Several sheep in the dirt and two on the road near a truck. "]
["A giraffe looking over a bar inside a building.", "A giraffe poking his head above a fence", "A giraffe is standing in a small room.", "A giraffe's neck and head tower over a bar in its zoo house", "a baby giraffe behind a fence in an indoor enclosure."]
["A giraffe leaned over a rail sipping some water.", "A giraffe bending it's head over a horizontal bar.", "A giraffe leaning neck and head all the way over a fence", "a giraffe bending down over a fence to spit", "a giraffe leaning over a fence trying to eat"]
["A traffic light on a street corner with shops behind it.", "an electric traffic sign indicating that pedestrians can cross and bicyclists may go", "Brick buildings housing small businesses on a tree-lined urban street.", "a traffic light some signs buildings a street and trees", "A stop light with a lot of signs on a pole."]
["Two giraffes are in the grass by some rocks.", "Two giraffes behind a wall of boulders, in front of a gate.", "Two giraffes stand next to a rock wall and trees.", "Two giraffes stand next to a rock wall in an enclosure", "Two giraffes located next to the green areas "]
["A bunch of cars driving down a street surrounded by tall buildings.", "Colorful city street scene with lots of advertisements.", "A city street post with cameras mounted on it", "A dense city setting with cars, light posts and people.", "an add ridden street in a city with cars"]
["A giraffe standing alone next to some trees.", "The giraffe is standing under the tree and a bus is nearby. ", "a giraffe walks underneath some old trees ", "A lone giraffe standing under trees near an open-windowed bus.", "A giraffe standing in the middle of a forest on grass."]
["A boat, two seagulls, and a light house.", "A ship with bird flying above it in the sea", "A large marina holds a ship and a lighthouse.  ", "A large ship docked by a small lighthouse", "A couple of small birds and a building."]
["a close up of a bird with a blurry background", "A red, white and blue bird has a leave in it's beak.", "A bird of some sort with beady eyes and a beak.", "A colorful bird holding something in it's beak.", "a bird holding an object in it's beak next to shrubbery."]
["A no parking sign sitting on a sidewalk in front of a building.", "a pole covered with a lot of street signs ", "Blurry photograph of parking signs outside a business on a city street", "A group of street signs near a building.", "A sign on a pole on a city street."]
["Traffic on a road in winter with some snow on the ground.", "A street scene with some traffic signs and christmas decorations.", "A road sign on a highway with cars and traffic lights", "A road decorated for Christmas and trees without leaves.", "Cars driving on a road near road signs and traffic lights."]
["Boats floating beneath a bridge on the water", "Two boats traveling down the water, during the day.", "A group of boats riding under a train bridge in a river.", "a couple of boats are on a river", "some water boats bushes trees and buildings and a train"]
["A highway scene with focus on an exit sign.", "A sign shows that a fork in the road leads to 309 north.", "a picture of a highway sign on a road", "A car pulling off the side of a highway next to a green street sign.", "A turn off exit off of the interstate"]
["a bird stands on top of a laptop keyboard ", "A bird who is sitting on a computer keyboard.", "A gray and white bird standing on the keyboard of a laptop.", "a close up of a bird on a laptop ", "A bird is walking on top of a laptop keyboard."]
["A dog wearing a Santa Claus hat. ", "A dog looks melancholy as he wears a Santa hat.", "There is a room with various items in the picture.\n", "A brown and white dog wearing a red and white Santa Hat.", "A white and brown spotted dog wearing a Santa Clause hat."]
["a dog in a Santa hat on a pillow", "A dog with a Santa hat that is laying down.", "a dog that is wearing a christmas hat on its head", "A brown and white dog is sleeping on his bed and wearing a Santa's hat.", "A white and brown dog sitting on a chair while wearing a Santa Hat."]
["Some very cute sheep in a big field.", "A goat standing beside a sheet in a field of grass.", "a couple of sheep walk on a grass land ", "A small sheep standing next to a larger white sheep.", "two sheep staring and standing on the grass", "two sheep staring on a rocky  near a bush"]
["A herd of sheep standing on top of a lush green field grazing.", "Several sheep are grazing in a grassy field.", "Adult goats are grazing with their young in the grass.", "A small herd of sheep, including babies, are on a grassy field.", "A view of several sheep and lambs in a grassy field."]
["A street light at an intersection in a small town.", "A road with cars parked and traffic lights hanging from a cable", "This intersection has one traffic light for all directions.", "A picture of a green stop light in an old town.", "A car turning right on a red light in front of the photographer"]
["Cows grazing in a fenced-off grassy area. ", "there are a few cows eating in this field ", "There are several animals in the grassy field.", "A black cow eating grass behind the fence. ", "A few cows eating grass in a grassy field"]
["A long empty road with an over pass bridge.", "A view of the V.F.W. Memorial bridge with no other cars", "A freeway emptied without any cars or humans. ", "A road sign is next to an empty street.", "A small bridge with a memorial sign on it"]
["A passanger bus passing under a stoplight at dusk.", "A city bus has it's running lights on at dusk.", "Commuter bus at roadway intersection in urban area at dusk.", "A bus driving down a street under a blue sky.", "a low-light scene with a bus driving by some buildings"]
["The small bird is perched on the branch of the tree. ", "A bird perched on the branch of a tree.", "A bird is perched on the branch of a tree.", "A small bird standing on a tree limb.", "A bird perched on top of a tree branch."]
["A bird is sitting on a branch among unfocused trees", "A bird sitting on a branch of a tree.", "A bird sitting on the branch of a tree.", "A small bird sitting on a branch in a tree", "A picture of a bird sitting on a tree branch"]
["A young person playing a Nintendo ds while laying on a bed.", "A woman plays a Nintendo DS on a bed", "A woman with glasses lying on a bed while holding a tablet", "A black and white photo of a woman lying down and playing with a Nintendo DS. ", "A woman with glasses on laying in a bed with a gadget. "]
["A bird is perched by a leaf on a tree branch.", "A small bird is perched on a tree branch. ", "a small bird on a tree branch surrounded by leaves", "A bird sits in a tree branch with leaves.", "A small bird sits on a tree branch almost hidden by leaves."]
["Small birds in the grass in the sun ", "Three small birds standing in yard of grass.", "Three birds are wandering through a grassy area.", "Three birds with light brown bodies and dark heads sit in the grass.", "three black brown and white birds and some grass"]
["Two sheep running in the snow with something covering their bodies. ", "The sheep are outside in the middle of winter. ", "Two elks or llamas run across a field of snow.", "Two sheep run about in a snowy enclosure.", "Two sheep run through the snow in an open field."]
["Two birds are perched upon a snowy bank.", "A pelican and a bird perched on a rock.", "A brown and white bird perched on a rock near another bird. ", "A bird is resting on a surface during the day.", "The bird is perched on a white rock."]
["Two sheep standing in the snow in a pen.", "Covering sheep in extremely cold weather can prevent freezing.", "a group of sheep in their pen in the snow", "A herd of goats standing in a snow covered Penn.", "Sheep wearing jackets in an enclosure in winter."]
["A blue train passes in front of a palm tree filled night sky.", "A train is coming down the track in Hawaii.", "An old train running along tracks in front of palm trees and a sunset.", "a train on a track near many palm trees ", "a train that is on a rail road track by some trees"]
["The road sign is visible for all to see. ", "A sign located at the exit of a highway. ", "An empty highway and a highway off ramp.", "An off ramp to exit the highway to the right.", "A freeway off ramp on the side of a road."]
["Two road signs are viewed from inside of a vehicle windshield.", "The view from a vehicle traveling down a highway.", "Freeway signs on a sunny day with very little traffic ahead.", "An image of a city freeeway with the blue skies and clouds ahead", "on a highway with a blue sky and clouds "]
["Their are cars under an over pass at a red light", "The cars have stopped for the red light under the bridge.", "Traffic at an intersection below an overpass bridge.", "A road traveling under a freeway over pass.", "some cars driving the road that goes under an underpass"]
["Three sheep eating hay in a fenced in pen.", "Three sheep wearing sweaters in a hay filled sheepfold.", "A group of sheep standing next to each  other.", "Several sheep are eating hay near a fence.", "Sheep wearing covering in feeding area in enclosure."]
["A car driving down the road in a neighborhood.", "The corner of Park Place and Easy St. in a residential neighborhood.", "A car is making its way down the road towards two street signs.", "The car is driving down the road in front of the houses.", "A car is driving along a residential area."]
["A number of signs pointing to different businesses.", "A pole with lots of street signs hanging from it.", "A pole witha severals signs on it with a building behind it.", "A street sign with many different signs on it.", "A street sign points out the direction of nearby buildings."]
["There are several street signs in the highway", "a number of cars driving on a highway under signs", "Nationwide signage adorns most of the major highways in the USA.", "A great view of a street in the picture.  \n\n", "Cars are traveling on the road beneath street signs."]
["The middle of a highway during a cloudy day.", "The interstate is void of traffic by the exit, where a row of big green signs extends overhead across all the lanes.", "The view of exit signs from a freeway in New York state", "A highway with a road sign for a two lane exit and another sign showing direction to another city.", "There is a two lane off ramp exiting from a highway."]
["A train on bridge passing over water with city in the background.", "Large bridge sitting over top of an icy river. ", "Trains on top of a bridge near the city.  ", "Vehicles are moving along a bridge over water.", "Bridge with arches over lake with metropolitan buildings in background"]
["Street sign on overhanging post displayed above roadway.", "A green sign sitting above a road next to tall buildings.", "a highway sign to boston and albany ny ", "A route 90 sign for Boston and Albany on the highway. ", "A street sign is guiding drivers in Boston."]
["A man crossing a busy road on Division st.", "The sidewalk is cluttered with numerous objects and signs.", "The street sign is pointing towards the library", "A view of a street corner and a sign that reads \"Division St.\"", "The street is full of stores, signs and people."]
["A sky full of a flock of birds on a cloudy day.", "Hundreds of birds soaring through a cloudy sky.", "A flock of birds flying in the clouds", "Birds flying in the gray and overcast skies.", "A flock of birds circling an over cast sky."]
["A walking street sign under traffic light covered with stickers", "a close up of a vandalized street sign under a traffic light", "A street sign decorated with stickers beside a building. ", "A yellow street sign that has had stickers added to it", "A yellow street sign with a little man holding a lolly pop."]
["Street with light traffic at intersection in large city.", "A trucking driving through an intersection of a wet street.", "A truck is crossing a busy and rainy intersection", "A traffic light over a street with a truck.", " car on a city street near traffic lights "]
["A dark and gloomy winter day in the city", "A wet road on a stormy day with very little traffic", "A train soaked street lined with lots of street lights.", "A street light near a guardrail with several street signs attached.", "A wet dark road with a sign on a lamp post that says \"TO 75\"."]
["Two baby ducks following an adult duck from behind.", "Baby geese or ducks laying in the grass near another animal.", "A goose and gander with three baby geese.", "Goslings sit on grass, hiding behind a goose's wing, ", "a mother duck sitting on the grass with her ducklings beside her"]
["Two ducklings sit next to each other in grass.", "Two small yellow birds sitting in the grass.", "Two fuzzy ducklings sitting together in green grass", "Two small ducklings on a field of grass.", "Two ducklings laying together in a grassy field."]
["A bird sitting in a tree, in the middle of a clear day.", "A bird sitting on top of a wooden tree branch.", "A bird that is perched on a tree branch.", "A bird sits on a large tree branch.", "A bird that is standing on a branch of a tree. "]
["Sparrow bird on branch, with beak inspecting leaves on branch", "A bird sitting on the branch of a tree near leaves.", "A bird that is sitting in a tree.", "a bird sitting on a branch of a tree", "a bird that is on a small branch of a tree"]
["People waiting to cross a street at a traffic light.", "Pedestrians stand at a crosswalk waiting for the light to change.", "people wait at green light to use the cross walk ", "An intersection with people waiting to cross the road.", "A city intersection where one section of the street is blocked off."]
["a person at a table with a laptop ", "a man with a hat on sits in font of a laptop", "A man sitting at a table with a laptop in front of him.", "man in yellow outfit sitting before a apple computer", "a man sitting in front of a laptop on a table"]
["Image of a hat on a bed with the caption \"Before The Wedding\".", "Portrait of a hat on a bed saying \"Before The Wedding\"", "A white hat sitting on to of a bed next to a painting easel.", "A hat is sitting on the top of a bed.", "A lovely picture of before someone specials wedding."]
["A street sign sitting in the middle of a road.", "A street sign with multiple markers on a pole in town.", "A street sign at a corner with man cars parked on the street.", "A sign post on a cobblestone street with several signs attached.", "The street sign contains a tremendous amount of information."]
["A sign and a pole beside a building.", "A small frame building with a large sign.", "A sign is posted to a pipe on the side of a shack.", "A sign prohibiting something posted outside of a building.", "A prohibitory sign is posted next to a building."]
["an image of a bird perched in a tree", "A bird perched on a green plant on a sunny day.", "A bird is sitting on the top of a leafy branch.", "A small bird sitting on some leaves on a tree.", "The small bird sits on top of the branch."]
["An oversized picture of a train has a conductor standing by it.", "A picture of a steam train with a conductor on the ground.", "The sign has a man standing beside a train going down the tracks.", "a train that is much larger than it should be, probably due to radiation", "a poster of a man and a green train engine"]
["A large building that has a train passing by it.", "A bridge with several signs and a cityscape.  ", "A green sign that is on the side of a bridge.", "a large bridge with some signs posted on it ", "An interstate is in front of a large building."]
["Intersection of two street signs and a stop sign.", "This is a stop sign at the corner of Swampfox and Gamecock.", "Stop sign on the corner of Swampfox and Gamecock roads", "A stop sign with street signs attached to it", "A stop sign on a street sign post at the intersection of Swampfox and Gamecock roads."]
["Street signs for 92nd and Bayview in front of utility wires against the sky.", "Two signs read \"E 92 St\" and \"Bay View Pl\".", "An intersection containing two street signs and several wires", "A street sign at an intersection with the names of two streets. ", "A couple of green signs on a pole."]
["A long train travels past some trees along the railroad tracks", "a train that is going down a train track", "This Amtrak train is making its way down the tracks.", "A long black and silver train on tracks.", "A Amtrak train traveling on a railroad tracks."]
["a red sign is on a pole by a street", "A stop sign that is written in a foreign language.", "a stop sign with a building in the background ", "Asian traffic sign on roadway in front of business", "A path of flowers on a median in the road."]
["An electric train pulling into the train station.", "A red train travels on the rail track.", "A train is parked at a depot on the tracks.", "This is the front of a train as it passes into a station. ", "Foreign train pulling into the train station for some passengers"]
["A stop sign stand next to the branches of a tree. ", "A stop sign is beside some trees with a building in the background.", "Traffic sign displayed at intersection in large city.", "A stop sign with a tall building in the background.", "A four way stop sign that is on the corner of an intersection"]
["A large long white train on a steel track.", "there are several bullet trains on the track", "The train is standing in the station along with two other trains.", "Four trains lined up at the train station", "Several passenger trains wait in a row before departing. "]
["A white parking meter sitting on the side of a road.", "a parking meter that warns it is expired ", "A small parking meter has expired beside a busy street.", "A parking meter on the sidewalk of a busy street. ", "Expired parking meter at curbside in metropolitan street."]
["A train station with a blue train at the station.", "A train at a train stop on the tracks.", "A sleek blue train is pulled up to a platform.", "A blue bullet train stopped at a train station. ", "A modern passenger train pulling into a primitive station. "]
["City setting with food truck parked near roadway with pedestrians.", "AN ICE CREAM TRUCK SITTING ON THE SIDEWALK ", "The ice cream man has parked his truck.", "Ice cream truck stopped on the side of the road. ", "An ice cream truck drives down the road"]
["A group of people walking around a slum with dirt roads.", "A group of people in dirt street with cow next to various shacks.", "a number of people near small buildings ", "Destitute village scene with locals in the street.", "a child and two men in a poverty stricken village"]
["A herd of animals grazing on a lush green field.", "Several sheep, cows and some dogs grazing and playing in a field.", "A large herd of animals grazing in a large grassy field.", "A bunch of cows are laying in a grassy field.", "A green pasture of cows grazing on the grass."]
["A black and white cat playing with strap of blue backpack.", "A cat playfully tangled in a bag strap.", "A black cat plays with the handles of a sports bag.", "A cat that's caught in the straps of a backpack.", "There is a cat laying next to a backpack."]
["A cat in a room with a rug and a backpack.", "A cat walking in a room on a rug near a backpack. ", "a big cat standing next to a black suitcase", "A cat standing next to a  bag of luggage.", "A cat is standing on the floor, approaching a piece of luggage."]
["A truck is going down a windy mountain road.", "A truck driving along a mountain road covered in dry grass.", "A truck with a flat bed filled driving down the road.", "A truck with bags of something on the road.", "A semi truck hauling sand from a sand pit."]
["A truck hauling a large load to a job site on a winding mountain road.", "a flatbed truck is carrying some bags of cement", "A truck with bags and bags on it's flat bed.", "Two very large trucks hauling things on a hilly road.", "Trucks hauling cement bags and pipes on their way to work on a job."]
["A treacherous road next to a rocky cliff is shown.", "Street sign warns of a giant exclamation point as truck passes it on the highway.", "A steep cliff along the side of a highway with loose dirt and stones.", "A large truck drives around a curve on an asphalt road.", "A truck is traveling on a road around a hill."]
["A family pet who has gotten its head stuck inside a article of clothing.", "a cat with his head stuck in a cloth tube looks at a toy mouse", "The cat has it's head stuck inside the boot.", "a close up of an animal with something over its head ", "a black cat with it's head stuck in a boot"]
["A black and white cat with it's head inside of a black boot.", "The cat is hiding its face inside the boot. ", "Cat on carpet looking into a black boot.", "A cat with its head in a boot.", "A black and white cat with its head inside a black boot."]
["A cat sleeping on top of a pair of shoes.", "A cat lounging on top of a pair of shoes on the floor.", "A cat laying down on the ground with some shoes.", "Kitteh at rest on somebody's black and white shoes", "A cat snuggled up to a pair of shoes on the floor."]
["A cat wears a green tie and stares straight ahead.", "A cat is laying and looking wide eyed while wearing a scarf.", "A cat laying down and wearing a green neck tie.", "A cat that is laying on some carpet.", "A brown cat with wearing a green tie."]
["A truck is parked on the side of a busy road.", "A large Mack truck is parked on a city street", "A large red truck passes by a FedEx truck on a busy street.", "A red truck driving down a street next to tall buildings.", "A large truck on the street in front of a music store."]
["A yellow tanker truck parked on top of a dirt field.", "A rusted volunteer fire department truck out in a field.", "a large yellow truck sitting in a dirt parking lot", "a yellow and white truck some dirt and wires", "a yellow truck on the field being parked"]
["A couple of cats lying in a red suit case on a bed.", "Couple of cats laying down on an empty luggage bag", "Two tabi cats laying on a red suitcase on a bed.", "Pair of cats lying on red suitcase in bedroom.", "A couple of cats laying on top of a suitcase."]
["A large brown and beige cat is lying down in a suitcase.", "A fuzzy cat lying in an open suitcase.", "A fluffy cat laying down in a suitcase.", "An adult cat laying down in a suitcase", "A furry cat is in an orange suitcase."]
["A lot of animals by the beach together.", "Cows are grazing surfside among foliage and palm trees.", "Several cows grazing under palm trees on a tropical beach", "Some cows grazing on grass by the beach.", "A herd of cattle grazing on top of a grass covered beach."]
["A red classic body truck with hood opened with engine showing.", "A red truck sitting in a parking lot next to other cars.", "A red pick up truck parked in a lot.", "A red truck sitting in a parking lot with the hood up.", "An antique truck shows off its restored engine."]
["An open laptop computer with a cat laying on it.", "A cat lays its head on the laptop keyboard. ", "A cat rests its head on the keyboard of a laptop computer.", "A computer that is sleeping on a computer.", "A black cat sleeping with it's head on a laptop."]
["A cay laying on top of an open laptop computer.", "A cat with a black and white collar sleeping with its head on a computer keyboard.", "a cat has fallen asleep in the hand of someone ", "A black cat with its head on a laptop computer.", "A cat is sleeping near a computer keyboard."]
["A cat is on a table with a cloth on it.", "A black and white cat sitting in a chair facing a place setting at a dinner table.", "A black and white house cat is sitting on a chair, by a place setting.", "A cat waiting to be served at the kitchen table.", "A cat sitting in a chair staring at a plate on a table."]
["A truck parked in a parking lot with a blue sky background.", "A fire truck with a pull behind wagon in a parking lot", "A freighter truck with workers parked in a parking lot.", "A fire truck parked in a parking lot in front of a grill.", "A construction truck is parked on the road."]
["A small yellow car parked between two large yellow trucks.", "A very small yellow car parked between two large yellow trucks.", "Two yellow trucks and and small yellow car on a street. ", "A small yellow car parked between two moving trucks.", "a yellow car in between two yellow trucks"]
["The cat is eating the sandwich on the plate.", "A cat thats about to take a bute out of someone's sandwich. ", "A cat eating a sandwich on a plate.", "A multicolored cat that is sitting next to a plate that has a sandwich on it and a person on the other side of the plate.", "A cat with its nose next to a sandwich on a white plate"]
["A couple of cows on a grassy field.", "some cows in a field of grass next to a fence", "Cows and a sheep go about their business in a grassy field.", "A large black and white cow and other farm animals in a pasture", "two black and white cows in one pen and sheep in the other"]
["A group of people are walking dogs on a large sidewalk.", "Families walking their pet dogs on a paved walkway. ", "A man walking two dogs down a paved trail.", "People walking their dogs on a park trail.", "A man on a path with a child on his back walking two dogs with other people in the background."]
["Cattle are grazing and laying on a green field.", "a few cows on a field of grass with trees in the back ground", "A herd of cattle grazing on grass in a field.", "A group of cows are in the green grass by some trees.", "A group of cows standing in a field grazing."]
["a wood floored living room with a modern couch and large windows", "This picture shows a very clean living room.", "A couch sitting on top of a hard wood floor next to a  table.", "A cat sitting on a sofa in a contemporary living room.", "A large orange cat sits atop a modern couch."]
["A black and white cat sleeping in a pot with a leaf less tree.", "The black and white is in a planter next to a tree.", "A cat rests in a planter with a tree.", "A black and white cat sleeping in a pot", "A cat curled up next to a tree planted in a planter."]
["Grey cow walking in a large green field in front of house. ", "A cow standing in a large open grass field.", "a cow in a large open field with a house in the background", "A cow standing on a lush green field next to a couple of houses.", "A white cow walking across a green pasture field."]
["A cow on a small hill with surrounding mountains in the background.", "there is a cow standing on a small hill next to mountains", "A cow standing on top of a green hillside.", "A brown and white cow standing on a grassy hill. ", "A cow stands on a grassy are near a mountain. "]
["A tow truck is parked and is towing another vehicle.", "A large red tow truck traveling down a city street.", "A very nice looking red tow truck by a building.", "A red truck parked in front of a building.", "A red \"Ford\" tow truck parked next to a brick building. "]
["A cat is asleep on top of a bed.", "car lying on his side on a colorful blanket", "A cat laying on top of a blanket next to a doorway.", "There is a cat sleeping on the bed.", "there is a cat that is sleeping on a bed"]
["A brown and white cow walking down a busy street.", "There is a cow walking through an urban street", "A cow walking in a street by some people.", "A cow roaming a third-world street during a sunny day.", "A brown and white cow in the middle of a street with people walking by."]
["A white pick up truck parked in a parking lot.", "A powder blue car parked in parking lot", "a baby blue antique elcamino truck at a show", "A car truck sitting in a parking space", "A sky blue car is in a parking lot."]
["A brown and white cat resting on wooden furniture", "A furry cat with hazel eyes, sitting on a table. ", "a brown and white cat staring off with pretty green eyes.", "Multi-colored cat hanging over a piece of furniture.", "A long haired cat staring in to a camera. "]
["two service truck parked at an airport ", "Luggage carrying vehicles parked on an airport Tarmac.", "A picture of a scene of an airport.", "An airplane and several other vehicles on the tarmac.", "Baggage carriers at an airport next to a jet liner"]
["A truck parked by other vehicles covered in graffiti.", "A man looks in the back of a truck in a lot with vehicles full of graffiti. ", "Several vehicles are parked under a grey bridge. ", "a very tagged up truck in the middle of the road", "a truck covered in graffiti sitting on a street with other vehicles"]
["A green truck with a crane on it's back next to a emergency worker.", "The truck is towing the forklift in the back of it. ", "a small truck being mounted on to a bigger truck", "I military style truck loading a forklift onto it's bed.", "A forklift is loaded onto a flatbed truck. "]
["There is a garbage truck surrounded by people on a road", "A machine is digging as a group of people look on.", "A crowd of men stand beside heavy equipment on a road.", "Many men in turbans stand around a dump truck as it works on the side of the road. ", "People gathered around a construction truck in the street."]
["Two cattle grazing on a lush green hillside.", "A black and white photo of a cow and a sheep .", "A cow walking towards a sheep in a desert like area.", "a cow and calf grazing in a field", "A cow and a calf move through the scrub brush.  "]
["a parked truck behind a railing with its hood open", "Antique yellow truck with hood open near safety cones.", "Yellow truck parked inside of a building with it's hood up.", "The yellow truck is sitting with its hood up.", "A yellow truck on display with its hood open."]
["Large grey truck on display at auto show.", "A large, silver truck sits in an arena. ", "a truck on display at a car show", "A truck is on display at a car show.", "a new truck on display at a car show"]
["People petting and taking pictures of a cow behind a rock wall. ", "A woman taking a picture of a cow that's leaned over some rocks.", "A woman taking pictures of a brown and white cow.", "People feeding and taking pictures of a cow over a stone wall.", "A woman pets a cow by reaching over a wall of rocks."]
["A black cat sitting on top of a computer keyboard.", "The black cat is sitting on the computer keyboard. ", "The cat is sitting on top of the keyboard. ", "A black cat sitting on a keyboard by a monitor.", "A black cat sits on top of a keyboard in front of a computer monitor."]
["A group of small colorful boats sitting on a beach next to the ocean.", "A couple of small boats parked on the beach.", "A beach has kayaks lined up on it.", "A bunch of boats on a sandy beach", "A rainbow of kayaks arrayed on the sand flats at the water's edge."]
["Guy riding in his boat with thee dogs", "A man is in a boat with several dogs.", "A man and three dogs in a small fishing boat.", "A man and three dogs are sitting in a boat.", "A metal row boat with three dogs and man in it."]
["A fishing boat with a person and a dog on it riding through the water.", "A boar is shown riding on the water.", "A couple of people riding on the back of a boat.", "a man and a dog riding a boat in a bright blue lake ", "A motor boating speeding along the water on a beautiful day."]
["A small dog that is sitting in a sailboat panting.", "The life saver boat is connected to the bigger boat.", "A boat that says, \"Shabby Genteel\" with a brown dog inside it and a raft boat out in the water.", "A dog is lounging on a sail boat.", "A yacht with a dog on it and a small emergency boat next to it."]
["the back end of a cow at a feeding station", "a back end of a cow. one that is eating some hay", "the but end of a cow and the head of another eating feed in the barn", "the picture shows the backside of a dairy cow.", "A cow that is standing in the hay."]
["A group of boats sitting next to each other on a beach.", "A group of several boats sitting on a beach as others sit near.", "Motor boats pulled up on a beach near a row of beach umbrellas.", "A row of dinghys are pulled up on a beach with people in the background.", "A beach with six boats parked on it."]
["A close up of a black and white cow with three cows in the background.", "Several cows roaming a cold and barren countryside.", "A large black and white cow standing in a desert field.", "A cow is standing away from another group of cows.", "A big black and white cow is on an icy field."]
["A herd of cattle grazing on a lush green field.", "Cattle graze in a green meadow beneath a full moon at twilight.", "The moon over a pasture containing two cows grazing in the twilight.", "a couple of cows stand on a grassy hill ", "Two cows grazing under a rising full moon."]
["A dairy cow leaned over eating some grass from a field.", "A cow that is bent over near the grass.", "The cow is eating grass from the ground.", "A cow standing in a open field eating grass.", "A black and white cow eats some green grass."]
["A photograph of a group of people at a party.", "A group of people taking a picture together.", "A group of hipster friends posing for a picture together ", "a group of friends standing together smiling and holding each other\n", "Two young women in dresses and a young man pose for a photo with men wearing German mountaineer costumes."]
["A man jumping onto a bed sitting next to a table.", "A man is jumping high above a bed that's on display in a store.", "A man is in mid air as he plummets towards the bed.", "A man jumping into a bed in a store while another man watches.", "A man jumping on a bed. He is in the middle of the air."]
["sunset reflecting on the water with a silhouette of a boat and trees", "A boat sitting on top of a large body of water.", "Sunset seen across an expanse of calm water", "The sun is near the horizon over water.", "A small boat floating on a lake at sunset."]
["a big elephant walks with some zebras ", "some zebras and an elephant some rocks dirt and trees", "Herd of wild zebras with elephant rising above all", "An elephant is in the middle of a herd of zebras.", "A lone elephant stands in the middle of a group of zebras."]
["A small elephant standing on top of a field.", "an elephant extending his trunk out and on to the ground", "An elephant sticks it's trunk towards the ground.", "An elephant is stretching its trunk on the ground. ", "An elephant with his trunk sticking straight out with it in the grass. "]
["A young man in a suit with his arm around the shoulder a shorter older man, also in a suit", "Two men in suits stand together in the desert", "Two men young and old take a photo.", "two men in suits pose next to each other ", "Two men in suits pose for a photo in front of hilly background. "]
["Two sailing boats sit without sails in a shallow river.", "Small boats are traveling through the small river", "Two small boats float in a small channel. ", "Two sailboats are navigating through a narrow river.", "A sail boat is traveling an inlet with another boat is in the background."]
["A man standing on top of a boat next to a man in a straw hat.", "Two people on a small rowing boat with a man rowing and a woman seated in the front.", "Two people are in a row boat on the water.", "A man stands in a boat with the oars crossed and a woman sits in front.", "Two people in a canoe, one is rowing and one is sitting."]
["a smiling man sitting in a fancy restaurant", "A man wearing glasses smiling in a restaurant setting.  ", "The man with glasses is smiling at the table.", "a couple of people that are dining in a room", "A man smiling as he sits in a restaurant."]
["A picture of the president standing at a podium", "President Barrack Obama standing in front of a crowd while giving a speech.", "The President of the United States giving a stirring speech.", "an image of the president of the united states of America\n", "The president of the United States pointing behind him during a speech."]
["Several different ties hand over a tie rack.", "A rack of a wide variety and colors of ties.", "The tie collection is made up of mostly blue and purple ties.", "A tie rack in a room filled with wall plaques.", "Many different ties of various colors are hanging in a dressing room."]
["Two people at a party hugging each other.", "Male and female at a party celebrating in front of balloons.", "A man and a woman standing next to each other holding a beer.", "A man in glasses and a young woman in a dark club", "A man and a woman smiling for a picture with a copyright mark across the photo."]
["A group of boats are sitting on the water.", "Several boats in the blue water on a clear day.", "Boats that have docked in a calm harbor.", "A peaceful harbor is depicted with boats tied to a wharf in the foreground.", "A port with boats parked at a dock"]
["there are many small boats here at the dock", "A bunch of boats on a body of water during the day.", "A number of boats anchored next to a coastline ", "Several boats docked at a small boat dock.", "Many large boats are docked near each other."]
["A small white boat driving past two light houses.", "A boat in the water is next to a light tower.", "Boat moving out on water with light house at end of wharf", "The small boat is in the water next to the lighthouse.", "A lighthouse stands against a blue sky on a long dock that stretches out across a blue body of water as a boat speeds past.   "]
["a few boats are docked by a large pier", "Several boats at a pier in a bay ringed by mountains.", "a bunch of boats sit docked on a body of water ", "Several boats parked at a dock with mountains in the background.", "a dock on the ocean with several fishing boats"]
["Two elephants that are drinking out of a watering hole.", "there is a elephant drinking water and a baby elephant on the other side", "Two large elephants drink water from a shallow body of water ", "Two elephants in a muddy area staring at each other.", "Two elephants are walking towards the water puddles."]
["A woman holding a cloth picture in a group of people.", "a person holding up a picture on a blue napkin in front of them.", "An older man holding up a handkerchief with an image of a woman in a bikini.", "An old woman in a stadium holding up a picture of a woman in a bathing suit.", "An elderly man showing a clothe with an image on it."]
["there are two elephants that are walking in the wild together", "A couple of baby elephants walking down a dirt road.", "Two small elephants walk down a muddy path.", "A pair of elephants walking down a muddy trail.", "Two muddy elephants walking on path by stream."]
["An albino elephant with its baby standing in a marsh area with others.", "Elephants of mixed ages standing in a muddy landscape.", "A herd of elephants standing on top of a muddy field.", "Some elephants are in a muddy brown field.", "A herd of elephants stop for a drink."]
["many small boats in a large body of water", "Several boats that are traveling in a harbor.", "A harbor area with various white boats and trees in the background.", "A body of water full of boats with some houses in the back.", "a body of water filled with several boats."]
["A group of people walking down a sidewalk holing umbrellas.", "A group of people holding umbrellas are walking across the street.", "People walking along the sidewalk in the rain with umbrellas. ", "a group of people walk down a street with open umbrellas", "People walking in the rain on a sidewalk in a suburban neighborhood."]
["Men and women are gathered together outdoors on a sunny day", "People are gathered together in a park like setting.", "Lots of men are sitting and standing outside.", "A man in sunglasses and no shirt is sitting with other people. ", "A crowd of people standing beside each other on the grass."]
["Young couple posing in front of a bush and tree.", "A well dressed man and woman standing next to a tree.", "A boy and a girl pose for a prom picture.", "A couple is dressed formally as they embrace eachother.", "A couple posing next to a palm tree for prom."]
["A large umbrella and a chair on a street.", "a red basket is sitting in a blue chair", "a couple of chairs sit under a umbrella ", "Low folding chair next to plastic chair with red bag on it under open umbrella", "a umbrella that has a chair with a bag under it"]
["A family is grouped on a sun porch for a photo.", "A woman posing with two boys and two little girls.", "A woman poses for a photograph with children", "A mother and her four children dressed up.", "A family of five is posing for a casual photo."]
["A man riding an elephant in the jungle.", "a person riding on the head of an elephant", "A man riding a tusked elephant by a shallow river", "A person with a hat riding an elephant by a stream of water. ", "a man riding on an elephant near a stream of water."]
["A group of people on the street with umbrellas.", "there are many people walking in 6the rain on this street", "A cobblestone street has busy sidewalks full of people with umbrellas.", "People walking down the streets in the rain while holding their umbrellas. ", "A group of people walking down a street with umbrellas."]
["Two men standing on street next to a tree and building.", "Two men stand together in front of a tree.", "A man in a shirt and tie standing next to a man in a t-shirt.", "Two males smiling in front of a tree.", "A man in a tie is standing next to a man in a red shirt."]
["A group of brightly colored boats in palm grove.", "Several boats are docked up on the dirt.", "Two boats sitting next to each other on the beach.", "several canoes on the shore under the trees", "Two boats are parked on the land of a tropical island.", "Two boats with long paddles on grassy area by trees."]
["A man in uniform holding a musical keyboard.", "A man in uniform wearing an assortment of instruments", "A man in a red jacket and cap uniform, with musical instruments strapped to him.", "A man in bright clothing is carrying small instruments.", "A man in a red jacket holding musical instruments.  "]
["A man with his bangs covering his eyes while wearing a tie and dress shirt.", "a man with somewhat long hair wearing a tie ", "A man with long bangs wearing a tie around his neck.", "A young man in a tie with wavy bangs.", "Guy takes a selfie wearing a dressed shirt and a tie."]
["A white speed boat on a lake next to a shore.", "a boat driving across the lake with there being a blue sky", "A boat is driving through the middle of a lake. ", "A lake with a boat riding on the water and trees in the background below a blue sky.", "A boat speeds down open water spraying water behind it."]
["Boats docked at a pier in a large body of water.", "some boats are docked in the water ", "A marina of sailing vessels under a grey sky", "There are several boats parked in the marina.", "A harbor filled with boats floating next to a dock."]
["Man reading a book with large square glasses.", "A man with glasses is photographed while holding a book.", "A nerd looking through a book while wearing glasses.", "A man looking at the camera while holding a book.", "A young man wearing glasses holds an open copy of The Watchmen graphic novel."]
["A cat sitting on a rug in a room with a couch. ", "A black cat on the carpet with a couch and chairs in the room", "A living room with two cats, one on a rug and one on a couch.", "A room filled with furniture and decor in a room.", "a living room with a cat sitting on the carpet "]
["an elephant standing on a dirt ground with trees in the background", "A single elephant tucks his trunk above a wire fence.", "A photo of an elephant behind a wire fence.", "An elephant in a zoo enclosure is walking around.", "an elephant curls its trunk in a fenced enclosure"]
["A ship sits in a dock next to loading equipment and shipping containers.", "A large ship is pulled up to a container dock.", "A barge sitting in the water near the dock.", "A large cargo boat parked on the dock along side the ocean ", "a large ship docked in a large body of water"]
["Two men with bags walking towards a bus.", "A black and white photo of two men carrying luggage.", "Two men walk on the sidewalk carrying luggage bags. ", "Two people with luggage walking toward a bus.", "Men carrying heavy suitcases in old fashioned photo."]
["A car with the hood and doors propped open on a field.", "A Volkswagen beetle with the hood and doors open.", "a car in a field of green grass with a sky background", "A volkswagon is on a field with it's trunk open.", "A white Volkswagen beetle parked on a lush grass field."]
[" a person wearing a backpack and pulling a rolling suitcase behind them while walking on a sidewalk.", "A man carrying a suitcase on a street.", "A person pulling a suitcase down a city street.", "A teenage boy walking on the sidewalk with a suitcase.", "Black and white photograph of person with luggage on a street."]
["The dog is laying down in the suitcase. ", "A brown fluffy dog inside an opened suit case.", "A brown dog laying in an open suitcase on floor.", "a close up of a dog laying in a luggage bag on the ground", "A dog is sleeping inside of a suitcase."]
["There are several multicolored sun umbrellas and this boy is holding one", "A boy in a yellow shirt putting up multicolored umbrellas on a sidewalk. ", "A man in a yellow shirt takes down colorful umbrellas outside.", "A man holding up an umbrella near other umbrellas.", "A man holding a multi colored umbrella next to several other multi colored umbrellas."]
["Statue artwork carrying red umbrella in man made pond. ", "A statue standing in the middle of a pond holding an umbrella.", "A statue of a man with an umbrella in a pond.", "A statue on a pond holding an open red umbrella.", "A statue holding a red umbrella in a pond."]
["Two people walking through  park holding umbrellas.", "Two people walking under umbrellas in a park.", "two people are wearing black and are carrying a black and a red umbrella", "People under umbrellas in a park in the rain", "two people holding umbrellas walk through a park"]
["A boat floating past a bridge on a river.", "This is an image of a model of a castle with a boat.", "The miniature, elaborate exhibit depicts an ancient boating scene.", "A model set has boat in water going under a drawbridge", "a scale model of a boat passing by a drawbridge"]
["THIS IS A PHOTO OF SOMEONES LUGGAGE LEFT BEHIND", "The two pieces of abandoned luggage are waiting to be claimed.", "a suit case sits in front of a train door ", "a bag that is laying down on the floor", "luggage laying outside a restaurant on the street in the dark"]
["a surfer in a wet suit is carrying a red and white board", "A man in a wet suit carrying a surfboard by some rocks.", "A surfer in a wet suit carrying his surfboard", "A man in black wetsuit carrying a surfboard next to rocks.", "A man in a wet suit is carrying a surfboard."]
["A group of people and  dog riding surfboards in the ocean.", "Surfers enjoy the warm sun and the clear water", "A group of surfers on an ocean wave.", "A dog on a surfboard in the ocean on a wave.", "A man is surfing on one surfboard and a dog is on the another surfboard beside him as two other men swim behind. "]
["A man standing on a street with a cell phone to his ear.", "Evidently, the anti-littering movement hasn't made it to this town.", "Man with a courier bag on a mobile phone on a crowded street.", "Man standing in the middle of crowded dirty street talking on cell phone.", "A man stands in the middle of the street."]
["A person getting out of a taxi cap holding a pink umbrella.", "A person gets out of a Taxi with luggage and an umbrella.", "A person with a pink umbrella and a suitcase next to a taxi cab.", "A man leaving a taxi carries luggage and an umbrella.", "A person with an umbrella leaving a taxi cab."]
["An elephant walks down a dirt road with brush on either side.", "Large elephant walking forward down a dirt road.", "A large elephant walking down a dirt path.", "The adult elephant lumbers down a dirt pathway.", "An elephant walking on a dirt road in the wilderness."]
["People feeding an elephant in a zoo enclosure.", "An elephant in an enclosure with stone walls extends its trunk towards visitors.", "a person standing near a bush near an elephant ", "A group of men standing around a brown elephant.", "People feeding a large elephant at the zoo."]
["an umbrella in a field of flowers ", "a big blue umbrella out in front of a field", "A blue umbrella is placed near a field of wheat.", "a blue umbrella juts from the big corn fied", "A blue umbrella sits next to a wheat field."]
["a close up of a cat laying on top of a luggage bag", "A cat is sleeping on top of a suitcase.", "A cat that is sleeping on some luggage.", "A black cat is sleeping on top of a green suitcase and a book.", "A grey cat sleeping peacefully on a luggage bag."]
["A Ma and Pa statue outside some high rise office buildings ", "a statue of an older couple with a pitchfork and case", "a large statue of two people standing near a luggage bag", "A statue of a man and a woman with a bag at their feet.", "A statue of a man and woman with luggage in a city."]
["Two girls are posing outdoors under an umbrella for a photo. ", "A bride is standing on the grass under an umbrella.", "A bride holding a bouquet posing on a grassy field.", "A woman wearing a white dress poses in a field of grass.", "Two people stand happily in a grass field. "]
["A man and a woman dressed in wedding dresses.", "A bride leaning on her groom who is holding an umbrella. ", "The married couple are posing for pictures outside. ", "Some very well dressed people posing with an umbrella.", "A couple of people in wedding outfits leaned back with an umbrella."]
["A warehouse filled with light fixtures in it.", "black and white image of white umbrellas hanging below lights", "there are many lights hanging from this ceiling", "Several umbrellas are hanging upside down from a lighting system.", "A bunch of ornate lanterns are hanging on the cieling"]
["a brown black and white dog grass and a frisbee", "a dog is jumping in the air with a green disk", "A dog is jumping in the air to catch a frisbee.", "a close up of a dog jumping in the air with a frisbee in its mouth", "A dog jumping into the air to catch frisbee."]
["A woman is walking with an unusual umbrella.", "A woman is dressed in a native costume and is holding an umbrella above her head.", "A woman holding an umbrella walking across a tens.", "A woman with a parasol stands in front of stage.", "A woman smiles as she holds a parasol."]
["The dog is playing catch with his master.", "a brown dog getting ready to grab a frisbee", "a dog about to capture a frisby in its mouth", "A large brown dog holding a blue frisbee in it's mouth.", "A dog jumping up in the air to catch a frisbee in it's mouth."]
["A piece of luggage painted with the Eiffel tower on the side of it.", "A suitcase with a picture of the eiffel tower", "Many old items have been gathered around an old suitcase.", "A suitcase surrounded by some items on a floor", "an image of an old luggage set with the city of paris"]
["A person sitting at a park with luggage.", "A person sitting on a folding chair in front of a green grassy area.", "A person sitting in a chair near a field of grass.", "A woman with a suitcase sitting outside at a park.", "A person sitting in a chair outside with a suitcase next to them."]
["A small black and white dog with the wind blowing through it's hair.", "Small spotted dog stands on the beach while the wind blows it's fur back", "A small dog gettin its fur blown in the wind", "A dog is standing on the sandy area. ", "A small black and white dog looks out on the beach."]
["And animal stands on a table while a bear rides a bicycle.", "An animal on top of a table while a bear rides a bike.", "Animals and their trainers perform tricks on stage. ", "A white dog stands on a table at a dog show.", "A dog stands on top of a table in front of a group."]
["A crowd of people standing on the edge of a cliff next to the ocean.", "A young boy holding an umbrella while standing at the edge of a cliff above a body of water.", "A small boy stands under an umbrella at the side of a cliff.", "A boy holding an umbrella on the edge of a cliff.", "Boy holding an umbrella at the edge of a cliff."]
["People lying on their surfboards in the waves, one of the surfboards has a dog on it.", "One guy lays on his surfboard in the ocean while another guides his dog on his", "Some surfers are swimming in the calm ocean.", "A couple of people paddle across the water on surfboards.", "there are two men and a dog riding surf boards"]
["Shot through a clear umbrella showing a person with a red umbrella.", "A lady walking in the rain with a red umbrella.", "A photo is taken through a clear umbrella of a woman with a red umbrella.", "A clock reflection shows a woman with an umbrella.", "A woman holding a red umbrella as viewed through a clear umbrella."]
["a girl kneeling and posing by a black suitcase", "A woman holding a black luggage case and pointing at it.", "A woman presenting her closed suitcase in her bedroom", "a girl showing off her new luggage for collage ", "A young girl is sitting on the floor with a suitcase."]
["A couple of people on a surfboard in the ocean.", "A dog is lying on the surfboard as it surfs on a wave.", "An advertisement with a  person on a surfboard surfing a wave. ", "A man riding on a surfboard on top of a wave.", "a man laying on a surfboard by a wave"]
["there is some sort of animal that is in the waves on the water", "Two dogs have fun in the waves coming in on the beach.", "Two dogs swimming in the white water of the ocean.", "A picture of some animals playing in the water.", "A black dog's head pokes out of the frothy surf."]
["two people with two dogs on a surf board and one dog swimming ", "A man and woman are holding a surfboard and two dogs are standing on the surfboard. ", "A woman and a man holding a yellow surfboard with two dogs on it.", "A man and woman are balancing their two pug dogs on a surfboard. ", "The man and woman are helping the dog on the surfboard."]
["A cake for a 1 year old elaborately decorated with a bear made out of frosting.", "A fondant cake decorated with a teddy bear and the number one.", "A teddy bear cake for a first birthday.", "A child's first birthday cake topped with a gum paste teddy bear. ", "This is a birthday cake for someones first birthday."]
["A large frosting teddy bear sitting on top of a pink cake.", "A small brown and white teddy bear and candle atop a bar of soap.", "A cake is decorated with a bear and single candle. ", "A decorative brown bear on top of a pink cake.", "A fondant teddy bear sits on top of a cake."]
["A couple of teddy bears sitting on top of a red heart cake.", "Two little couple bears sit atop a red heart cake.", "The cake is decorated with a boy and a girl bearl", "A heart shaped cake with bear decorations on a pedestal.", "A heart shaped red cake with a boy and girl teddy bear on top"]
["People are waiting at the airport with their luggage", "Airport passengers waiting in line for a taxi.", "People and luggage waiting in line at an airport check-in kiosk", "People wait outside an airport to check their luggage", "A group of passengers and their luggage at an airport."]
["A small brown dog sitting next to a rabbit eating a carrot.", "A fluffy, light brown dog looks at a white rabbit eating a carrot. ", "A dog watching a rabbit eat a carrot.", "A little dog is watching a bunny rabbit.", "The dog watches the bunny eat the carrot. "]
["The bear is alone in the woods outside.", "A large brown bear walking through a green forest.", "A brown bear with its mouth open, in the brush.", "Grizzly bear stalking around through some green trees. ", "a brown bear is sitting in some bushes"]
["A brown dog is catching a blue Frisbee.", "A dog jumping up and catching a frisbee.", "A dog catching a Frisbee in a backyard.", "A dog that is catching a Frisbee in its mouth.", "A dog is jumping into the air to catch a frisbee."]
["Dog eating food off of a paper plate.", "A dog eating food off a plate that is on the floor.", "A dog eating leftovers off of a paper plate", "an image of a dog eating on his plates", "Black and white dog eating food on a paper plate"]
["A young woman standing on top of a field about to catch a frisbee.", "A woman standing in park with a Frisbee coming towards her.", "The people are outside playing a game of Frisbee.", "A woman is throwing a frisbee to another man in the park.", "A man and a woman looking at a Frisbee in midair."]
["A toy figurine that has been placed in a shoe.", "A Mario brothers toy in a brown boot", "A toy that is sitting inside of a shoe.", "The toy figurine of a video game character is in a boot.", "a little toy mario that is in the top of a boot"]
["Large Labrador dog laying across a pile of blankets.", "A bed on the floor has a sleeping black dog on top of it.", "A black dog sleeps on a blanket and mattress.", "A dog sleeping on a bed that is on the ground.", "A black dog laying in bed with a shoe next to it's arm."]
["A dog was dressed up in a princess costume before falling asleep on the couch", "a dog laying on a couch in a living room", "There is a large hound in a dress laying on a white couch.", "The doggy is dressed relaxing on the couch.", "Hound dog wearing a costume sleeping on a white couch."]
["Two dogs sleeping on a small dog bed. The bed has many toys on it.", "Two black-and-white Springer Spaniel puppies sleeping in a dog bed with toys.", "Two cats and teddy bears lying inside a container", "Two dogs sleep on a bed with stuffed toys", "two black and white dogs sleeping and stuffed play toys "]
["A large brown bear swimming in a lake of water.", "A bear playing in the water, next to the shore.", "A bear that is inside of the water.", "A grizzly bear rises above the water horizon", "There is a bear with his head above the water."]
["a black animal in water looking up with teeth out", "A couple of black bears falling off a log into water.", "A bear is relaxing in a river near a log", "A bear that is on it's back in the water.", "The large black bear is bathing near a wooden log."]
["A large bear laying on it's back in water.", "A bear completely submerged in the water except for his paws and head.", "A bear lying, back down, in the water.", "a bear soaked itself in the river. ", "Ducks in shallow water near a grassy shore. "]
["A man standing next to a woman on top of a sandy beach.", "A man and woman on the beach viewing the ocean waves.", "A person is on the beach with a frisbee.", "a woman digging into some sand as a man looks on", "Two people on an ocean beach with one holding a frisbee."]
["A person watching another person standing in the water.", "A man is standing in some water while a man on the shore looks on.", "A man looking at another man in the water.", "A young man standing in a lake holding something.", "A man with a thumbs up in some water as another looks on."]
["A painting of two bears with a mountain in the background.", "Two bears one standing on back legs the other walking forward.", "Two bears face forward, one standing on two legs while the other walks on four. ", "Two bears, one standing and one on all fours about to eat a fish", "A pair of stuffed bears stand posed in front of a background."]
["A polar bear stands a small rock in the middle of surrounding water.", "A wet polar bear in a zoo habitat.", "The polar bear looks like he is just getting out of the water.", "The polar bear is standing all alone on the rock. ", "A wet polar bear on a rock in the middle of a pond."]
["A man is holding a Frisbee on his row boat.", "a person in a small boat in a large body of water holding a frisbee", "A man is rowing a boat while holding up a frisbee.", "A man in a canoe with one oar and a Frisbee in his hand.", "A man in a canoe holds a frisbee over his head."]
["A zebra standing in a tree filled forest.", "This zebra has black and white strips and is in the woods that is partially shaded.  ", "A zebra is standing by a tree with greenery behind it.", "A zebra standing next to a tree in a wooded area.", "A short and stumpy zebra in it's natural habitat."]
["A group of zebras hidden among the trees on a hillside", "Group of zebras standing underneath a tree for shade. ", "an image of a herd of zebras that are gathered by a tree", "A group of zebras standing in the shade under a tree.", "A herd of zebra standing around a tree filled forest."]
["A group of people playing Frisbee in a field.", "People are playing with a frisbee on a grass field", "A group people playing frisbee in a park.", "A crowd of adults and children play frisbee.", "Men, women and children in a field playing frisbee football."]
["Various equine (horses and zebras) inside stalls under a tent.", "A zebra grazes in a cage at a fair.", "A zebra eating grass in an enclosure at a fair.", "A zebra grazing on the grass under a tent. ", "a zebra in a pen wearing a green head harness"]
["THERE IS A BOY THAT IS JUMPING IN THE POOL", "Pictures of a boy jumping into a pool and catching a flying disc", "A child jumping in a pool to catch a frisbee", "Three pictures of a young child jumping into the pool. ", "A boy jumps in the pool and catches a frisbee."]
["A woman in red pajamas is hugging a cute dog.", "A woman and a dog sitting with abook", "A woman is reading a book with her dog.", "The woman is looking at a book while her dog lays next to her on the bed.  ", "The dog is on top of the girl's book on her lap.  "]
["The woman is ready to launch her kayak with her dog.", "A person and a dog that are on some dirt.", "A woman standing over a boat with a small brown dog.", "A woman standing over a yellow kayak above a brown dog.", "A person smiles as they stand beside a kayak.", "A man with a dog is wearing a life jacket and straddling a canoe."]
["A zebra standing on top of a lush green field.", "a zebra in a field with trees in the background", "A zebra standing in the middle of a field", "A zebra that is standing in the dirt.", "A zebra stands on a dirt patch in a field."]
["Two zebras grazing in the grass under the trees.", "A couple of zebra walking through a forest.", "two zebras grazing next to some old trees ", "Two zebras grazing on green grass under the trees.", "two zebras are eating some grass and some trees"]
["A very cute zebra eating some green grass.", "A zebra standing on top of a lush green field.", "a large zebra that is walking on some grass", "The zebra is eating the grass in the fence ", "A zebra displays its brilliant stripes while eating."]
["Two young boys playing disc golf in a grassy area. ", "Two young men holding frisbees in a field", "Two boys are outside in the sun waiting.", "These two people are getting ready to play Frisbee outside. ", "two guys standing next to each other as they hold onto frisbees "]
["Are the dogs being friendly with each other or chasing each other?", "Two black and white dogs playing together on beach.", "A large dog and a small dog are playing on a beach.", "A whippet and a smaller dog frolic on the beach.", "Two dogs playing on the beach by the water."]
["A person walking their dog on the beach", "A man on a beach holding something while walking along it.", "a single person walking the beach with a dog ", "A person walking their dog on the beach.", "A person walking their dog along the shore line."]
["A woman and a dog stand on the ocean shore near some boats.", "People and a dog in the background on a beach with kayaks in the foreground.", "A woman plays with her dog on the shore.", "a woman staring at her dog on the beach ", "Woman and dog on the edge of the water."]
["Men are in action are playing frisbee on grass.", "A group of men on a field with a Frisbee.", "A group of men running in  a field to catch a frisbee", "A group of young men playing a game of frisbee.", "Three guys are running as they are playing ultimate frisbee."]
["A man who is sitting on the ground after just having thrown a disc.", "a man in red pants is throwing a disk", "People at carnival and one is throwing an orange ring. ", "A young man laying on top of a gravel road.", "Man on gravel tossing a throwing ring, at a carnival."]
["There are two zebras standing next to each other.", "a black and white photo of two zebras near one another ", "Two zebras grazing for food in a forest area.", "A drawing of two zebras grazing near some trees and a water pan.", "A black and white photo of two zebra."]
["A zebra standing on dirty area with trees in the background.", "a close up of a zebra standing on dirt ground", "A zebra in an open ground near a bench.", "One zebra standing on the sandy and pebbly ground.", "A zebra standing in a dirt covered area."]
["A herd of zebra standing next to each other on a dry grass field.", "A group of zebras standing in a field.", "a group of zebras grazing on dry grass in a large field.", "A group of zebras grazing in a field", "The zebras are grazing in the field together. "]
["A zebra looking alertly at the camera while in the field.", "group of zebras standing a brown grassy field with trees in background", "A group of zebras that is standing in the grass.", "A herd of zebra standing on top of a dry grass field.", "Four zebras eating grass in a brown field"]
["Three zebras are running out on the plain", "Two zebras in a field covered with dry grass", "three zebras in a field of brown grass", "Three zebras walking in a dry grass field.", "Two zebras running in an empty field of grass."]
["A brown horse walking up the side of a hill.", "A brown horse galloping down the green pasture.", "A brown horse is ready to go for a run in the pasture.", "A horse is walking at the top of a hill.", "A brown horse walking on grass with building in background."]
["A man stands in the doorway of a bus watching a man ride down the street on a white horse.", "A man riding on a white horse beside a bus.", "A gentleman on a bus staring at a man riding a horse.", "A brown man hanging on the side of a bus watching another brown man ride a horse.", "Man on white horse riding by a bus with another man looking out smiling."]
["a couple of horses are standing on the beach", "Two horses, one with a rider, standing on the beach with whitecaps in the background.", "A person on a horse with another horse beside them by the ocean ", "A man on horse back at the beach.", "The horse rider is leading the pinto pony along the beach."]
["A couple of giraffe standing next to each other.", "two zebras near each other in a field", "The two zebras are standing together outside. ", "A mother with a baby zebra in a dry field", "A couple of zebras standing in the grass."]
["The zebra stands eating from tall brown grass.", "Zebra standing in the middle of a field of dried grass and trees.", "A zebra grazng near a tree in a grassland.", "A zebra eating grass in a very large field.", "A zebra grazing on grass during the day. "]
["Zebras walking in the middle of the road", "Three zebras walking on a road far behind a car.", "there are three zebras that are walking the street in the forest", "There are three zebras walking down a road.", "The three zebra are walking down the road."]
["A zebra walks in his enclosure in a zoo.", "a close up of a zebra with a blurry background", "A zebra is walking through a snowy area.", "A zebra is walking inside a large enclosure.", "A lone zebra stands close by the water"]
["A very big pretty horse hooked to a cart by a building.", "A brown horse standing in front of a building.", "a horse tethered to a carriage near a building", "A horse stands in front of a carriage on a stone street. ", "a black and brown horse a cart and a building"]
["A man riding on the back of a brown horse.", "a man that is on a horse in some water", "This is a picture of a man riding a horse.", "A man riding a horse on a wet beach", "a person wearing a helmet riding a brown horse in the water"]
["Two people riding on the backs of brown horses.", "People riding horses on a sandy beach by the ocean.", "A man and a woman horseback riding on the beach.", "Two people on horseback ride along a beach.", "A couple ride horses along the beach, and the woman waves at the camera."]
["A woman riding a brown horse across a sandy beach.", "A woman riding a horse on the beach.", "A woman riding a horse on the beach.", "A woman rides horseback on the beach next to the ocean. ", "A woman riding a horse alongside the beach."]
["A herd of zebras standing together in a plain.", "A herd of zebra grazing on lush brown grass in a field.", "They heard of zebras wandering the grassy plains.", "Multiple zebras clustered on a dry, grassy plain.", "A group of Zebras are standing in a field. "]
["A parent zebra stands next to a very young zebra.", "A mother zebra and a zebra foal standing together.", "Some very pretty zebras in a big grassy field.", "An adult and young zebra in a field of brown grass.", "An adult zebra and a kid zebra standing together in the woods."]
["A herd of zebra standing on top of a lush green field.", "A few zebras graze with butts towards the camera. ", "There are zebras standing around in a group.", "Three zebras grazing on grass in the woods. ", "This is a picture of a zoo outdoor. \n"]
["A picture of two Zebras nuzzling along the ground.", "Two zebra licking the ground nest to a green plant.", "Zebras grazing in the sand underneath a tree branch.", "Two zebras walking on a sandy ground next to a bush.", "Two zebras looking for food near a tree."]
["A couple of men riding on the backs of brown horses.", "Two people each ride a horse on the beach.", "Man and women riding on horses by the ocean.", "A slow stroll on the beach is enjoyable for both horse and rider.", "some people are riding horses at the beach"]
["A bunch of horses that are standing in the water.", "two men riding horses and many horses water dirt and trees", "Two men on horseback herd some horses across a stream", "A herd of horses runs through a stream.", "Cowboys herding horses across a small stream in a valley"]
["Grey horse behind the gate of a pasture fence.", "A zebra standing in a field next to a net.-", "White horse standing in front of a chain link fence. ", "A grey horse standing in a fenced area with a view of the sky and clouds in the background.", "It doesn't look like this horse finds much to eat in its bare pasture."]
["A batter awaits a pitch at a baseball field.", "A man up to bat during a baseball game.", "A baseball player holding a bat on a baseball field.", "A group of men playing baseball on a field.", "A baseball game is in process with a player who is up to bat. "]
["A bowl filled with ripe fruit sitting on top of a table.", "an image of a basket of fruit in a bowl", "The brown bananas are in a bowl next to pears.", "A bowl of fruit that includes pears and brown bananas.", "A bowl of fruit is in a brown bowl with black bananas."]
["Four pieces of dessert on a styrofoam plate", "A plate with several dessert items on a table.", "A white plate with several different desserts on it.", "A nice dessert plate, with brownies, cake, gummy bears, and a rice krispee treat. ", "a plate of many different sweets and pastries on a wooden table "]
["The fresh fruit is left out on the counter. ", "A pear, orange and bananas are on display.", "A couple bananas and a apple with a orange.", "There is a bunch of fruits packed together", "A pear, orange and two bananas are clustered together."]
["A group of men on a field playing baseball.", "A group of baseball players standing on top of a field.", "Three baseball players are on a manicured field.", "A baseball player handing an item to another baseball player.", "Baseball team mates and another player on the diamond."]
["A baseball player catching a baseball with his glove. ", "A baseball player from the Texas team out on a baseball field looking down. ", "A man standing on top of a baseball field.", "a person holding a catchers glove on a baseball field", "The baseball player leans down to catch the ball."]
["A baseball player standing next to home plate.", "some baseball players playing as people watch on ", "Players play a game of baseball against each other.", "A baseball player waiting for the pitch to come his way.", "This is a game of professional baseball being played,"]
["A pair of fathers and sons playing outdoors in the daytime.", "a group of children are outside playing in the grass", "A group of people on a grass field.", "THERE ARE CHLDREN OUT ON THE GRASS PLAYING GAMES", "A group of people standing on top of a lush green field."]
["A woman on skies in the snow ", "A woman posing for a picture while on skis.", "A woman riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A woman is standing on her snow board.", "there is a woman that is standing in the snow with her skies"]
["A man standing on a board in a body of water.", "A young man wakeboarding holding the rope one-handed", "A boy on skies in the water holding a fishing pole ", "A man standing on a surf being pulled by a boat", "A person on a surfboard on the water."]
["A man wearing a life jacket while engaging in a water sport. ", "A man cresting a wave on a lake.", "A man riding on top of a surfboard on top of a wave.", "A man that is on a surfboard sitting on a wave.", "A man kneeling on a board while skiing over a wake."]
["A man that is on a board in the water.", "A man is on his knees skiing behind a boat.", "a man water skiing behind a boat on a water board", "A man is riding on a surfboard outside", "a person  on surfing board moving very fast on watrers"]
["A man on a surfboard on the water.", "Man on a wake board on a lake.", "A man being pulled on a waterboard holding a handle.", "The man leans close to the water while wake boarding.", "A man riding a water board holding a rope creating a wave."]
["A young man in purple shirt throwing a baseball.", "A pitcher who is about to throw a baseball.", "A baseball pitcher throwing the ball to a batter.", "a pitcher on the mound getting ready to throw the ball", "a baseball player throwing a pitch from the mound"]
["A plate with spaghetti and broccoli and can of pop", "A plate with spaghetti, broccoli and meat next to a can of soda.", "A dinner plate with spaghetti and broccoli with soda for the drink", "A plate with spaghetti, red sauce, broccoli and a coca cola on the side.", "A plate with food on it, including broccoli and spaghetti, is on the table with a fork, an empty glass, and a can of soda-pop."]
["There are many bananas on a counter at a market", "A couple of bananas at a display at the store.", "A produce table with avocados, bananas and pomegranates. ", "An array of fruits on tables including Avocado, Bananas and other fresh fruits.", "Rows of bananas sit in the center, surrounded by other vegetables and fruits."]
["Lines of fruits, vegetables, and grains on a white surface.", "A table topped with different types of  vegetables and fruit.", "a grouping of fruits are displayed on a table", "Pineapple, mango, kiwis, strawberries, bananas, plums, avocados, blackberries, red pepper, tomato, jalapeno, ear of corn, sweet potato, onion.", "A variety of fruits and vegetables laid out on a table."]
["A group of men skiing across snow covered ground.", "Three men with a back pack cross country skiing.", "Three people with backpacks hiking through the snow with poles.", "A group of people running with back packs in the snow.", "Three snow shoers trekking across a snow covered field carrying something on their backs."]
["a couple of players are out in a baseball field", "A man wearing baseball glove is on a baseball field.", "Some baseball players are in the outfield in front of a large crowd.", "A group of baseball players standing on top of a field.", "Several baseball players out on the field together."]
["A cell phone and a banana on a rock.", "There is a camera and a banana on top of a rock", "A camera and a banana laying on top of a large rock.", "A red camera is sitting in sand next to a banana. ", "A banana sitting on top of a rock next to a red camera."]
["A woman standing under a bunch of unripe bananas.", "The person is looking at the fruit in the trees.", "a woman looking at the banana tree in the garden", "young woman looking up into a palm tree", "a woman looking up at a banana tree. "]
["Skiers enjoying a day on the slopes in the sun", "Two people on the side of a snowy hill on Skis.", "A person in a yellow jacket on skis in the snow", "Some skiers on the side of a very big snowy hill.", "Several people stand on their skis on a snowy hill."]
["The bananas on the tree are not ready to be picked. ", "a very large banana tree with green bananas on it", "Several banana trees growing in a building with a steel and glass roof.", "Some bananas are unripe high in the trees.", "A stalk of many banana's hanging from a plant."]
["Bananas are growing amongst thick tropical plants and flowers.", "Bunches of green fruit on trees in native growth zone.", "Bananas on a tree in a dense jungle setting.", "A banana tree in the jungle has wild, green bananas.", "Large bunch of green bananas on the tree. "]
["Colorful slice of pizza sitting on top of a white plate. ", "A thick crust pizza with mushrooms, olives and whole tomatoes.", "an image of a pizza slice on a plate", "Slice of pizza on a white plate with brown stripes.", "A slice of pizza sitting on top of a plate."]
["Several people are standing in a snow covered area.", "People are skiing on the fresh snow on the slope.", "A group of people standing in the snow.", "A snow covered ski slope with about ten skiers on it.", "People are skiing around outside in a snowy area with trees."]
["a plate of food with vegetable and meat ", "A white plate topped with meat and two types of veggies.", "Some food on a tortilla sitting on a wood plate", "A dinner plate with broccoli, cauliflower, and stew.", "a plate with some mean and vegetables on it "]
["A plate with potaotes and vegetables and meats on a plate", "The white plate has meat and vegetables on it.", "a close up of a plate of food with broccoli", "A plate with steak, gravy, baked apples, and broccoli. ", "Delicious looking meal of some type of stew and colorful broccolli"]
["A man teaching a young child to ski.", "A young boy and woman are skiing in the snow.", "An older person teaching a younger person how to ski", "An adult showing a child how to use skis.", "A father teaches a young boy how to ski."]
["Groceries, including greens, juice, and bread sitting on a table.", "Fresh vegetables sitting unwashed on a kitchen counter.", "An assortment of groceries sitting on a table.", "Groceries on a tabletop including bread, snap peas, spinach, and apple cider.", "Bread, vegetables, and cider on top of a kitchen counter."]
["A man standing in front of a pile of bananas.", "Man among a large quantity of banana bunches.", "A man stands in front of an enormous pile of bananas.", "A black and white photo of a man standing in front of bananas.", "The man is taking a photograph with bananas. "]
["two baseball players on a field playing baseball", "Two baseball players on different teams are standing together, and one is on base.", "Two baseball players standing by one of the bases", "Two baseball players standing on the baseball field while one is on base. ", "a close up of a baseball player standing on first base"]
["A crispy pizza with vegetables, cheese and sauce.", "A large vegetable and cheese pizza sits on a cutting board.", "A pizza topped with several vegetables, including peppers and broccoli.", "Small round personal pizza with mixed vegetables and cheese.", "A vegetable pizza sits on top of a wooden board."]
["a small black clock is next to a white plate", "A plate that is in front of a clock.", "A plate and a clock sit on a wooden table.", "A plate laying on a table near a clock.", "a red and white plate sitting next to an analog clock"]
["A young boy wearing  a catchers mitt while standing on top of a field.", "The grinning child is near another running child.", "Small child enthusiastically holding baseball mitt awaiting a catch.", "Two young boys playing with mitts and balls in a park.", "Two children with baseball mitts and a ball."]
["A person riding skis across snow covered ground.", "a man standing on skis coming down a snowy hill side", "A person on snow skis, cross country skiing in a wooded area.", "A man on ski's that is in the snow.", "A cross country skier following a trail in the snow."]
["A picture of an alter holding bananas, skeletons, candles and flowers.", "Pictures and candles surrounded by fruit and flowers.", "There are some bananas on a dinner table", "A bunch of bananas on table with candles flowers and antlers", "A table with candles red flowers and bananas."]
["A plate holds prepared food, including bread and vegetable.", "A plate of food containing broccoli, bread and a meat pie.", "Table setting with a plate fixed with broccoli and other dinner foods.", "A simple meal arranged on a white and green plate.", "a puffed pastry, bread with a sauce and broccoli sit on a plate"]
["A black-and-white photo of a baseball player in the outfield.", "A short stocky baseball player holding a glove.", "a close up of a young person in a field", "A boy with a baseball mitt waits in an open field.", "A young boy is in the outfield playing baseball."]
["The meal consists of meat with brocolli on the side.", "A plate of food that has some meat and a piece of broccoli on it.", "A PLATE WITH VEGETABLES AND MEAT SAUCE ON IT", "Closeup of a plate of food that includes chicken and broccoli.", "white meat cooked with broccoli on a plate"]
["A catcher and player holding a baseball bat near home plate.", "A batter preparing to swing at the ball during a baseball game.", "There is a man swinging a bat and another man squatting ready to catch.", "A batter winds up to swing at a pitch", "The baseball batter and catcher during a game"]
["A boy holding a baseball bat watching a ball.", "A batter swings to hit the basebal in the field ", "some baseball players playing baseball on a field", "A baseball player swinging a bat towards a balll", "three fielders, a batsman and a catcher on baseball field, the ball has just been thrown and is headed towards the batsman"]
["a large leafy plant coming up out of the soil", "A photo of a large green plant in some soil", "a very large plant that is growing out of the ground", "An overhead shot of a big plant out in the woods.", "We are looking into the center of a large green leafy plant."]
["The young man is riding his skateboard down the road. ", "black and white image of a boy on a skateboard", "A smiling person riding on a skateboard on a residential street.", "A guy skateboarding on a street during the day.", "A man riding a skateboard down the middle of a street."]
["A group of men riding skateboards up the side of a wooden ramp.", "A man on a skateboard jumping up in the air.", "A person is taking a picture of a skateboarder in mid-air", "A man on a skate board in the air doing a trick.", "A skateboarder is doing a tick on the ramp."]
["A man riding a skateboard on a wooden ramp.", "A skater is just about to pull off a trick. ", "a guy failing a trick with his skateboard on a competition", "A skateboarder comes off his board on a ramp.", "A man falling from his skateboard on a skateboard course."]
["A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "A man does a trick on a skateboard in front of an audience.", "A man doing a trick on a skateboard in front of a crowd.", "A crowd watches as a skater drops his board at the top of a ramp.", "a person riding a skate board at a skate park"]
["A stir fry bowl with broccoli and beef cooking.", "a close up of a pan of food cooking with broccoli", "A bowl filled with broccoli and another type of food.", "A wok is full of beef and broccoli and seasoning.", "Me and vegetables being cooked inside a silver pot. "]
["food on a plate with broccoli  sitting on a table", "A plate of food contains spam and broccoli.", "Meat, broccoli and potatoes artfully served on a white plate", "A plate of pasta, steam broccoli, and potato fries.", "a fancy three part dinner served on a white plate."]
["lots of people are on skies on the snow.", "A crowd of people in the snow with ski equipment ", "A group of people standing on a snow covered hillside.", "Many people wearing ski accessories while on the ski slope. ", "Crowd at the bottom of a small ski slope."]
["a bowl of food on a table near other plates ", "a bowl with some vegetables inside of it ", "Three bowls and spoon on the table with food", "The blue bowl has skinny green vegetables in it.", "A bowl of food with a bunch of vegetables in it."]
["A small baby seated while holding a fruit", "A baby sitting on a highchair about to pick something up", "An infant sits in a brown wooden high chair and examines a piece of broccoli", "a kid playing  with its food in a highchair ", "A baby sitting in a high chair with a piece of broccoli on the tray."]
["A child skier is headed down a small slope on their skies.", "A boy riding on ski's down a slope.", "A boy on skis moves down a ski slope.", "Skiers near the top of a ski slope near ski lift.", "Two adults and a child are on a ski slope."]
["A bowl sitting on top of a table mat filled with food. ", "A plate of meat, potatoes and broccoli on a placemat.", "A plate has ribs, broccoli and mashed potatoes on a plate.", "A plate of food featuring mashed potatoes and broccoli.", "A meal is on a plate sitting on a table."]
["A white plate topped with broccoli, meat and potatoes.", "A plate with broccoli, potatoes and a meat with sauce arranged on it.", "Broccoli, mashed potatoes, and meat with sauce on white plate.", "A white plate of food with broccoli and a biscuit.", "There is a white plate with meat and broccoli on it"]
["A white plate containing fried food and various greens.", "Two pieces of breaded fried meat next to a pile of cooked broccoli on a plate.", "A dish of fried fish next to a bed of greens.", "A kitchen plate with greens and fried meat.", "White plate with meat and vegetables on woven mat."]
["a person in orange is standing in skies ", "A skier in black and orange gear standing on a slope.", "A person on skis on a snow slope.", "A man in orange is on a snow board.", "A man riding skis on a snow covered ski slope."]
["A group of men using poles to push themselves on skateboards.", "four men are pushing themselves on skate boards", "Men on skateboards with poles on a trail. ", "A group of people pushing themselves on skateboards with sticks.", "A group of men on skateboards use poles to push themselves down a road."]
["a person riding a skate board siting down on a road", "A boy sitting on a skateboard rolling down a street with a pole in his hand.", "A boy is riding a skateboard while holding a pole.", "a boy sitting on a skateboard holding on to a stick with wheels", "A young boy sits on a skateboard holding a stick with wheels."]
["Two men using poles to push skateboards up a hill.", "a couple of guys out side with some poles in their hand.", "Two men riding paddle skate boards down a road.", "A couple of people that are going down the road.", "Two men on skateboards hold poles as they are on a road."]
["A man is riding his skateboard down the road.", "A man riding a skateboard carrying a long stick.", "A man on a skateboard is pushing himself along with a pole.", "A man riding on a skateboard with a stick.", "A man on a skateboard pushing himself along with a stick."]
["The healthy food is ready to be eaten. ", "Plate with salmon, scallops, broccoli and potatoes mash.", "a plate of salmon and broccoli a two other side dishes", "TWo plate of food that has a piece of salmon, broccoli and potatoes. ", "A plate topped with meat and veggies on a counter."]
["A group of people ski over snowy ground. ", "A large group of people skiing in the snow.", "A man in red snowsuit on skis next to trees.", "A large group of skiers on a snow covered trail.", "People on skis in a crowded area with trees in the back."]
["a person is standing in skies in the snow", "A group of people ski down a mountain slope.", "A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A person riding on skis down a small slope.", "Young skiers enjoying a run on a gentle slope."]
["A group of people ski and snowboard together", "People are skiing on a hill in the snow", "An adult skier watches a child ski on a mountain.", "Children and adults ski down a snow covered slope.", "A group of skiers on a sunny mountain slope."]
["a close up of a skillet with broccoli on a stove", "A skillet full of broccoli and various seasonings on a grill.", "Broccoli is being prepared in a pan on a stove.", "broccoli made in small size well cooked in a black plate", "A fry pan is full of some cooked broccoli."]
["a bunch of food is loaded on to a plate", "Broccoli with corn, nuts, and a gravy on top.", "a black plate with broccoli white sauce and other food items", "A black plate of vegetables and a gravy. ", "A plate of a mixture of different foods covered by a white sauce. "]
["A man is jumping over a hole in the sidewalk.", "A young man jumps his skateboard over a space in the sidewalk.", "A skateboarder is jumping over a hole in the ground.", "A person does a trick on a skateboard on a sidewalk", "A skate boarder is doing a jump over a patch in side walk."]
["A man who is riding on a skateboard.", "a man in a hat riding a skateboard on a street", "A skateboarder with a backpack skates along the road.  ", "A skateboarder is riding swiftly down a street.", "a blurred picture of a person riding on a skate board"]
["Two chefs are preparing sandwiches on a cluttered table.", "some nigs cheffin up some grub that looks mad bangin", "A chef and assistant prepare hamburgers outside on the table.", "a man and woman are making some food ", "A man and woman preparing sandwiches at an outside booth."]
["a person riding a skate board down the street", "A man on a skateboard holding a leash to a dog. ", "a man is skateboarding with a dog at night", "A person is skateboarding while walking a leashed dog while another walks without a leash.", "a man with some dogs and he also skating"]
["A table with carrots, peppers, radishes, broccoli, pears and an orange.", "a table with a bunch of wrapped vegetables sitting side by side", "vegetables on a wooden table in plastic bags", "A pile of fresh produce sitting on top of a table.", "A wooden table with many vegetables in plastics bags sitting on it."]
["A potato dish with cheese on a black plate.", "something round being cooked in a shape of a pancake in a fry pan", "A metal plate with a tortilla with potatoes and cheese toppings on it.", "A small pizza that is fresh out of the oven.", "A small cheese pizza is hot on the pan. "]
["A table filled with pizzas and sliced veggies.", "A table with a variety of raw vegetables in preparation for cooking", "A couple people making homemade personal pan pizzas.", "Pizza and ingredients being assembled on a counter by two people.", "Small tortilla pizzas are being prepared with a huge amount of toppings setting nearby."]
["A hand holding a bacon wrap over a chalk board.", "a hand holding a sandwich a table and a sign", "A flatbread sandwich with bacon, lettuce, and tomato.", "A man is eating a BLT sandwich in a wrap.", "A wrap of some sort with bacon and lettuce on it."]
["Fresh fruits and vegetables sit for sale at a store.", "A grocery store filled with fruits and vegetables.", "Fruit and vegetables for sale at a market.", "an image of a farmers market with a variety of vegetables", "A produce section of a grocery store with a wide variety of fruits."]
["A young boy riding a skateboard on a street in front of a house.", "A young boy riding a twisty skateboard down the street", "Small child in grey shirt riding on top of a small skateboard.", "A young boy is riding on a two wheeled skateboard.", "A young boy skateboarding on a suburban street"]
["A person on skis in the air during a jump.", "A man flying through the air while riding skis.", "A skier flying through the air as he heads down a slope.", "A person skiing on a mountain in mid air.", "Skier in the motion of getting airborne on a ski slope. "]
["Young man holding a skateboard and his helmet.", "A man holding a skateboard while standing next to  street.", "A young male holding a skate board with yellow glasses on smiling ", "a smiling man standing by the curb holding onto his skateboard", "A man on a sidewalk holding his skateboard"]
["A man in white shirt jumping a ramp on a skateboard.", "A person wearing a helmet riding a skateboard while a person stands in the background looking off into the distance.", "A young man riding a skateboard jumping a ramp.", "a person jumping a skate board in the air", "A person riding a skateboard through the air on a ramp."]
["A potato, carrots, cabbage, and piece of meat sitting on a plate.", "a plate of food that is on a table", "A plate with some vegetables and a piece of meat.", "There is a potato, meat, and carrots on the plate.", "This white plate has cabbage, a potato, ham, and yams on it."]
["A plate full of food with an assortment of food on it.", "there is meat and vegetables on a white and brown plate", "A plate on a table that has food on it.", "a plate with some steak, carrots, and sliced fried potatoes", "A plate of food is sitting on a table."]
["A piece of chocolate cake that is on a glass plate.", "A piece of chocolate cake sitting on a plate with a fork. ", "a plate with a slice of cake and a fork on it ", "A piece of chocolate cake and golden fork on a golden plate.", "A chocolate dessert slice sitting on a clear plate accompanied by a fork. "]
["The young man is practicing on his skateboard. ", "A young man wearing red shoes on a skate board.", "A man in blue shirt and shorts doing a trick on a skateboard.", "a person riding a skate board at a skate park", "A boy is skate boarding in a ramp."]
["A boy sitting down in a park with a skateboard.", "A boy with red shoes, jeans and a t-shirt sits next to his skateboard.", "A boy sitting on the cement ground with his skate board next to him", "A young man sitting on the ground next to a skateboard", "A young man laying on the ground next to a skateboard."]
["a plate with some veggies and meats on it ", "A plate topped with veggies and chicken wings with two dipping sauce.", "A plate with different foods sits next to a bowl of salad. ", "A plate of food sits next to a bowl of salad.", "A plate with chicken wings, asparagus and other vegetables."]
["Two people in the snow one on a snowboard the other on ski's.", "A person on skis and a person on a snowboard are on a ski slope.", "Two people on a mountain slope with extreme sports equipment.", "Two women in grey jackets on skis and snowboard next to mountains.", "A snowboarder on their knees on the slope and a skier behind"]
["Man on a skateboard riding a cement wall.", "A young man on a skateboard jumping from a raised area to a lower concrete area.", "Looking up at a skateboarder tilting on a stone fence", "A skateboarder rides the edge of the concrete on his skate board.", "A guy on a skate board high in the air."]
["A boy flying through the air with his skateboard as it flips around.", "A person on a skate board high up in the air.", "A man jumping in the air on a skateboard.", "A young man performing a skate board trick outside.", "The skater is flipping his board during a high jump."]
["A man in white shirt grinding a skateboard on rail.", "A man riding a skateboard down a rail doing a trick.", "A teen skateboarder skating down a stair rail on his skateboard.", "Skateboarder with a white shirt grinding on a rail. ", "The young man is practicing his skateboard tricks. "]
["Skier jumping moguls on his run down the mountain.", "A person skiing on the snow in a ski race.", "The skier spreads her legs and jumps a small hill.", "an image of a skier racing down the slopes", "the snow skier heading for the finish line"]
["A man riding skis down the side of a snow covered mountain.", "A person is doing a trick on their skis. ", "A skier up in the air while going through a downhill course.", "A skier making a jump over a snow hill.", "A skier in the air, skis crossed, coming down a slope.  "]
["A long table set with a variety fruits, vegetables and baked goods.", "A table set with a variety of fruits and vegetables.", "A long white table is set up with food.", "a number of plates with food on a table ", "The table has plates of fruit and cakes. "]
["A hot dog is covered with kraut and ketchup.", "A hot dog is topped with onions and ketchup.", "A hotdog with sauerkraut and catchup on a bun.", "A hotdog is loaded with chopped onions and ketchup.", "A hot dog smothered with onions and ketchup sits on a white napkin."]
["Hot dogs in buns with beans and coleslaw is standard fair at most cookouts.", "A meal of hot dogs and beans is accompanied by coleslaw.", "Two hog dogs, beans, and coleslaw sitting beside each other.", "An arrangement of hot dogs and beans is shown.", "A bowl of beans, two hot dogs and slaw."]
["Blue-and-white plates of food sitting on top of the table overlooking a backyard. ", "A table a plate that has a hot dog on it ", "a close up of a plate of food ", "The food is prepared on the kitchen table.", "A hotdog with many toppings sits on a plate in a bright room."]
["A person riding skis into a pool of water down a ski slope.", "A skiier jumps into the air in front of a huge audience.", "A skier in shorts landing in a pool of water", "A skier about to hit water after a slope jump.", "A skier is about to fall into the water"]
["A tray filled with lots of fries next to a hot dog.", "A hot dog with toppings sits next to fries", "Here is  hot dog in a bun with sour pickles and french fries.", "This is a closeup of a hot dog with pickle and tomato and fries.", "A basket of fries and a basket with a hot dog with tomatoes and pickle."]
["A person on a skateboard does a trick on stairs.", "A man in black jacket jumping on skateboard next to a brick wall.", "The young man is practicing his tricks on his skateboard. ", "Guy doing trick with skateboard jumping off top step", "A skateboarder jumping off of a set of steps on a skateboard."]
["Man holding a skate board in a park", "A man with a skateboard holding it in his right hand.", "A man stands on top or a ramp with his skateboard.", "A skater walks with his board near a spray painted half pipe.", "A person standing with a skateboard near a depression."]
["A salad with half a sandwich and salad dressing.", "Lunch of half a sandwich, salad and dressing", "A close-up of a sandwich, dressing and a salad.", "a close up of a salad and a sandwich", "A meal consisting of a large salad and a half of a sandwich. "]
["A man riding a skateboard down a street.", "A longboarder wearing full riding gear accelerates down a hill.", "A man surf boarding down a hill during the day.", "Man on skate board, crouching down as if to minimize wind drag.", "A man in a crouched position on a skateboard."]
["a snowboarder in a white jacket making way down the hill", "A woman is skiing down the snowy slopes.", "A young man snowboarding down a snowy hill", "A woman riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.", "A person on a snowboard riding on a slope."]
["The person is standing on a snowboard wearing goggles.", "A man riding a snowboard on top of a snow covered slope.", "A man is on skis on a mountain ski slope.", "A man wearing a black ski suit preparing to go down a snow covered hill.", "A person standing on a snowboard in the snow. "]
["A view of a snowboarder's own legs and feet with a snowy hillside behind.", "A snowboarder sitting on the ground to take a picture of the sun setting behind a ridge.", "Guy lays in the snow in the bright sun\n\n", "A man standing on the snow in front of a slope.", "legs on a snowboard looking down a steep slope."]
["A bunch of sliced up sandwiches sitting on top of a glass dish.", "a caserole dish filled with sandwiches and cucumber slices", "Finger sandwiches are sitting in a silver platter.", "Small sandwiches sitting on a silver platter on a table.", "Lunch tray with two types of sandwiches and four green discs."]
["A man in the air on a snowboard above a blue bed. ", "A man is on a snowboard in the air", "a ambitious snowboarder jumps over his bed in his room", "A boy on an upside down skateboard in what looks like a bedroom on a bed.", "a man is on a snowboard above his bed "]
["A table with two hot dogs with topping and french fries. ", "A person sitting at a table with two chili dogs and a pile of fries.", "A table topped with hot dogs and fries.", "Hot dog Philly cheese style next to very large order of fries.", "The diner is getting ready to eat his hot dog and fries."]
["A hot dog and a bowl on a table.", "Grilled food on a plate with eating utensils and condiments", "1 1/2 loaded hot dogs and veggie side", "a close up of a hot dog on a plate", "A hot dog on a plate with a lot of toppings"]
["A colorful plate with a hotdog on it", "A blue glass plate with a hot dog sitting next to a half eaten hot dog.", "A plate of food next to a bowl with a utensil in it.", "Hotdog with mustard, relish, and onions on colorful plate.", "A decorative plate holds a hot dog with toppings."]
["A skier flying down a snow covered hill into a pool.", "A man wearing skis slides down the slope in to a pool of water.", "A man on skiing into the water after sloping off a snow mountain", "A man is skiing over some water while a crowd watches.", "A man is skiing on water after skiing on snow."]
["A box is full of many types of donuts.", "A box filled with donuts topped with various toppings.", "a white box with many different kinds of donuts ", "A group of doughnuts are arranged in a box.", "There are many different types of donuts in the box."]
["Creamed filled donuts on top of cupcake holders.", "Are you going to eat all three of those calorie-laden pastries?", "A cop of coffee and three very fancy doughnuts.", "three donuts one has a cherry and a drink", "A cup of coffee in a to-go cup and three pastries"]
["A young boy holding a slice of pizza in his hands.", "A child eating a slice of pizza loosing questioningly at the photographer.", "a little boy eating a slice of pizza", "A little boy is holding a folded pizza.", "A boy holds a pizza in his hand."]
["A plate topped with two donuts, one pink and one glazed.", "Two different types of donuts on a plate.", "Those donuts look like they have too much sugar on them.", "Two donuts on a plate on top of a Japanese placemat.", "two doughnuts on a plate one glazed and one half frosted with orange sprinkles"]
["A man riding a snowboard down the side of a snow covered mountain.", "Person in a yellow jacket doing a trick on a snowboard.", "A man on a snow board jumping in the air on a snow covered hill.", "A snowboarder riding a board on a snowy mountain under a cloudy sky.", "a skier zooming down some mountains with some snow "]
["A picture of man in the air on a snowboard.", "A man doing tricks on a snow board.", "A man riding a snowboard through the air on a ski slope.", "A snowboarder flies into the air under a chair lift.", "A snowboarder does a trick while jumping through the air."]
["A  plate of food on a table with a tall glass", "A plate of nachos and a glass of beer.", "A sandwich, tortilla chips, and salsa are on a plate.", "a close up of a plate of food wit ha sandwich", "A plate with chips, salsa and a burger, on a table with a glass of beer."]
["A woman with glasses drinking wine and eating a sandwich.", "She is eating a sandwich and having a drink.", "a person holding a sandwich and a glass of wine", "a person holding one half of a sandwich in one hand and drinking from a wine glass with the other hand.", "this image of a woman eating a sandwich and drinking wine"]
["A homemade looking pizza looks very delicious. ", "A large pizza sitting on top of a pan on a white table.", "A tray of pizza with a variety of toppings on it", "A black olive and green pepper pizza on a plate.", "A pizza has vegetables on it but no cheese."]
["A person holding a doughnut in their left hand.", "A biscuit that someone has taken a bite out of.", "A photo of an inside of a biscuit is being held up with a well manicured hands.", "A person holding a half-eaten doughnut in their hand.", "A hand that is holding a doughnut in it's fingers."]
["A cut in half sandwich sitting on top of plate.", "A plate of salad greens and a sandwich cut in half.", "A sandwich on a plate with some greens on a dining table.", "large sandwich and salad on a white plate with a glass of wine and menu", "Two pieces of sandwich on a  plate with a salad on the side. "]
["There are some sandwiches and some seafood sitting on a table. ", "Lobster sandwiches and stuffed rolls on plates on table.", "A bunch of sandwiches sitting on a table with lobsters in the background.", "Several plates on food sitting on a table near a phone.", "The food is on the table and ready to be eaten."]
["A box filled with all types of different types of donuts.", "a dozen donuts in a large orange box with chocolate frosting", "I am unable to see the image above.", "A large box of many different types of doughnuts.", "The donuts have been presented in an assorted fashion."]
["One glazed raised donut in a white box. ", "A single glazed doughnut in a large white box.", "A donut that is sitting in a box.", "A lone glazed doughnut sits within a paper box.", "A glazed donut is sitting in a container."]
["a couple of people that are holding a surfboard", "Two boys and a dog carrying their surfboards into the water.", "Two surfers hold their boards in the water with their dog.", "Two men and a dog head out into the water.", "A couple of men carrying surfboard into a flooded street with a brown dog."]
["A plate of glazed donuts and pieces of a braided glazed donut.", "Different types of doughnuts sitting on a plate half eaten. ", "Two glazed donuts on a plate with some partially eaten crullers.", "A doughnut stands on edge on a plate of doughnuts and twists. ", "Two different kinds of glazed donuts sitting on a white plate. "]
["Four people playing in the shallow sea waters", "A man and woman walking in the ocean together.", "THERE ARE PEOPLE THAT ARE AT THE BEACH ", "A beautiful woman with large breast in a bikini standing next to a man in the ocean.", "Two couples in swim gear talk in the waves."]
["A kid on a surfboard in the water.", "A man and a boy in wet suits surf an ocean wave.", "That must be the youngest surfboarder I have ever seen.", "a young boy is in the ocean riding a surf board with a older man", "A man standing in the surf behind a boy standing on a surfboard."]
["An assortment of donuts sitting behind a donut counter", "Many different types of doughnuts on a display.", "Donuts, muffins and other baked goods in a display case.", "A glass display cabinet with various bagels, doughnuts, muffins", "Several fresh donuts are sitting on their trays. "]
["A surfboard and paddle are along the shoreline.", "A board and paddle on the edge of the ocean.", "The surfboard and paddle lay on the beach.", "a kayak on the beach very close to a large body of water", "A surfboard and paddle on the beach with calm waves"]
["A young boy climbing into a surfboard in the water.", "a boy in a wet suit and a white and colored surfboard", "A young boy hanging on to a surfboard in the water.", "A young man riding  a surfboard in the ocean.", "A young child attempting to get onto a surfboard in the water."]
["Two surfers stroll the beach while some others walk in the water.", "Two boys are walking on the beach with surf boards. ", "Two people with surfboards walking on the beach.", "there are two surfers walking along the coast line at the beach", "A couple of people carrying surfboards down a beach."]
["A dog wearing a tuxedo sitting at a table witha piece of cake with a lit candle.", "A small dog wears a suit in front of a desert.", "A dog in a tuxedo is sitting at a table on which a piece of cake is sitting. ", "A small dog in a tuxedo sitting at a table", "a dog wearing a shirt standing next to a piece of cake"]
["A man riding a large wave on a surfboard in the ocean.", "Man in wet suit surfing on a wave.", "A man in a wet suit riding a wave on a surfboard.", "A surfer drags one hand in the water as he surfs the crest of a wave.", "A surfer riding a wave in the ocean."]
["A person on a surfboard in the water.", "Surfer in a wet suit riding on top of a wave. ", "A man is surfing on a big wave in the ocean.", "A man riding a  wave in a wet suit.", "A man riding on top of a surfboard on a wave."]
["A person on a surfboard rides on a wave.", "The surfer wearing a wetsuit is riding the wave.", "A person on a surfboard in the water.", "A young person who is riding a good wave on a surfboard. ", "A surfer riding on a wave on a board."]
["A peron riding a surfboard on top of water.", "The man sits on his surfboard in calm waters. ", "A man is sitting in the water on a surfboard.", "A man in a wetsuit that is sitting on a surfboard in a calm area of the water.", "A man with a surf board is swimming in the sea."]
["A young man holding a blue surfboard on top of a beach.", "A SURFER HOLDING A VERY BIG BLUE SURF BOARD", "A surfer is on a beach and is holding a surfboard. ", "A man is holding a surfboard at the beach.", "A man stands on a beach with his surfboard"]
["Man lighting candles on a white cake held by a woman.", "A woman holds a birthday cake as a man lights the candles while another man looks on.", "a man lighting the candles on a birthday cake ", "this is three people lighting candles on a cake", "Three people are in a bedroom, one of them is lighting candles on a cake."]
["Two men walk towards the steps while one carries a surfboard.", "a flag some surfers and people on a beach", "Two surfers are walking up the stairs with a surfboard.", "People walk on beach carrying a surf board.", "Two people are carrying a surf board up the steps as other people are in the distant on the beach."]
["A man is walking along the beach holding a surfboard and a fishing pole.", "A man who is walking on the beach with a surfboard.", "A man in a wet suit carrying a board and para sail rope.", "Man walking on beach near ocean carrying surfboard and holding para sail handle.", "a man walks on a beach as he holds a surf board "]
["A nice ooking slow cooked chicken sandwich meal", "A white plate topped with a large meat sandwich and salad.", "There is a chicken sandwich and salad on the plate.", "The sandwich has some sort of meat on it.", "A pulled chicken sandwich on sesame bun next to a green salad."]
["Three beautiful women riding a paddle board on a large body of water.", "Three women are on a boat in the water.", "Three women sitting on a surfboard in the water.", "Three girls on a paddle board in the ocean.", "Three girls in wet suits on a kayak. "]
["Woman and two kids paddling on surfboards in ocean.", "A woman and two children paddling through the ocean ", "The woman is doing stand up paddle rowing along with the children.", "A group of people use paddles while standing on boards.", "a woman and two kids riding surfboards using paddles "]
["A person is walking on the beach carrying a surfboard. ", "people holding a surfboard and walking down the beach", "A beautiful sunset draws many different viewers on a beach.", "A person holding a surfboard on the beach.", "A group of people standing on top of a sandy beach."]
["Wetsuit clad surfer carrying board out into waves.", "A man wades through the water with his surf board. ", "a man walking into the ocean water while holding onto a surfboard ", "A man carrying his surfboard into the ocean.", "A man walking into the ocean carrying a surfboard."]
["a person riding a surf board on a body of water", "A surfboarder falling off his board as a wave hits", "A surfer flipping upside down over waves in the ocean.", "A man is surfing and the board is over his head.\n", "A surfer in a black wetsuit wiping out on a wave. "]
["Several slices of cake sitting on paper plates with forks on top.", "A table is covered with plates that have a slice of cake and a plastic fork on them.", "a table full of sliced up cake on paper plates", "A wooden table holding many white plates of cake.", "Thin slices of cake are on small paper plates."]
["The dessert includes a decadent chocolate cake on top.", "a plate with some cake and ice cream on the plate ", "The brownie is on a plate with ice cream.", "A white plate of food on a table.", "A chocolate cake is on a plate with some ice cream. "]
["A toasted sandwich on a square white plate.", "A sandwich on a plate with lettuce and toothpick in it.", "A blue table with a white plate that has a sandwich on it.", "A sandwich cut in half served on a white plate", "A close up of a sandwich on a white plate."]
["A young man riding a surfboard with only one leg.", "A man trying to balance on  a surfboard while riding a wave.", "a person riding a surf board in a body of water", "A man riding a wave on a surfboard with one leg in the air.", "a person standing on a surfboard with one leg while riding a wave."]
["A man jumps into the sea water while holding a surfboard", "A man holding a surfboard right above the water.", "surfer jumping into ocean with their surfboard - wooden pier in the foreground", "a man jumping off of a wooden dock with a surf board in hand", "A man jumps from the pier while holding a surfboard"]
["a little kid is surfing at the beach", "A young boy riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.", "A child attempting to surf as an adult watches.", "A young boy is perfecting his surfing technique in the shallows as an alert man watches him closely from behind. ", "The man watches the little boy on the surf board. "]
["A boy is surfing while a grown man who is also in the water looks on", "A man and boy in wetsuits in water on surfboards.", "a man on a surf board riding a wave", "a father helping his young son learn to surf", "Boy on wet suit surfing in front of his Dad also in wet suit."]
["A surfer in a black body suit balances on a wave.", "A woman riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A woman standing on a surfboard in the water near waves.", "a woman skating on a very strong waves", "A woman is standing on a surfboard, riding a wave."]
["A pretty lady riding a surfboard while wearing a tight wetsuit.", "A woman in a wetsuit surfboarding in an ocean. ", "A woman wearing a wet suit on a surf board riding a wave.", "A woman riding a wave back to shore", "A smiling woman in a wetsuit catches a wave on a surfboard"]
["there is a female surfer that is riding a wave", "A woman riding on top of a wave on a surfboard.", "A woman surfer riding a wave crashing behind her.", "A woman surfer is at the bottom of a wave.", "A woman surfer smiles as she rides the waves."]
["A woman is on a surf board surfing a wave. ", "A woman balances herself while she is surfing.", "A person on a surfboard in the water.", "A person on a surfboard rides a wave.", "The surfer is ready to tackle the wave,"]
["Two halves of sandwiches sitting on a plate.", "A grilled cheese sandwich sitting on a plate.", "A white and green plate holding a grilled cheese sandwich.", "A cut grilled cheese sandwich on a green floral plate. ", "a white and green and pink plate and a cheese sandwich"]
["A woman brings a man a whole cake.", "A woman holding a cake with candles and a man blowing them out.", "An older woman putting a cake with a candle up to an older man.", "The man blows out the birthday candles. ", "The old man blows the candle while the woman is holding the cake."]
["a person riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A person who is wearing a black wet suit is riding a wave with their surf board.", "A person standing on a surfboard riding a wave.", "A woman is riding a surfboard and has caught a huge wave.", "a person that is surfing on a big wave"]
["A cardboard cutout of two boys kicking a soccer ball", "a couple off kids are standing with a soccer ball", "two children standing near on another in a field ", "A couple of kids kicking around a soccer ball.", "Two little boys with their arms around each other."]
["A man in a blue wetsuit surfing on a wave. ", "A surfer catches a wave on a white and green surfboard with another surfer in the water behind.", "A man surfing a wave on the ocean. ", "A surfer rides a small blue wave toward the shore", "a male surfer wearing a blue jersey is surfing"]
["A black cat laying down on a bed.", "A black and white cat sitting on a bed.", "Cat lying on white comforter near stuffed yellow duck toy.", "A cute black cat laying on a big bed.", "A black and white cat laying on a white comforter on a bed."]
["Two men riding surfboards on a wave in the ocean.", "Two surfers on the top of a large rolling wave. ", "Two surfers on the same wave need to watch where they're going.", "Two teenagers catch the bottom of a wave", "Two men on surfboards catch a breaking wave. "]
["A ladder leading up to a loft filled with Christmas decorations and teddy bears.", "A horizontal Christmas tree on a loft bed.", "A loft bed with stuffed animals all over it. ", "A bunk bed is decorated with many stuffed animals and decorations.", "A loft bed decorated with various Christmas decorations."]
["three people riding surf boards on a small wave", "A picture of some people in the water.", "The three people are riding the wave on their surfboard.", "Kids on surfboards riding a wave back to the shoreline.", "Three surfers dressed in red and black, lying on their stomachs while on the ocean water."]
["Kids playing in the water with surfboards ", "some kids surf boarding together near the shore  . ", "Four boys wearing red shirts, surfing in the ocean.", "Four kids are practicing how to surf on the waves at the beach.", "Kids surfing the waves on their surf boards"]
["The two women are surfing through the waves.", "A young man riding on top of a surfboard.", "A man riding the waves on his surf board.", "A surfer woman getting ready to surf in the water.", "two people surfing a small wave in the water."]
["A group of teddy bears sitting on top of a bunk bed.", "The top bunk of a bunk bed is loaded with teddy bears.", "A bedroom with bunk beds full of stuffed animals.", "A bedroom with a bottom couch and bunk bed with stuffed animals on top.", "Stuffed bears crammed on top of a bunk bed."]
["A laptop and a bed in a small room.", "Panoramic view of a bedroom that has a desk in it ", "a photo of a bedroom with a bed and a desk and a window", "A room with a bed, desk, and window.", "A bed and a desk with a computer are shown here."]
["A surfer surfing under a wave on a surfboard.", "A man in wetsuit on surfing on white surfboard.", "A surfer rides and is almost overtaken by a wave.", "A man riding a wave on surfboard in the ocean.", "A man surfing inside a half pipe wave."]
["a person laying in bed with medicine on the night stand ", "The man is lying in bed with a thermometer in his mouth.", "A man laying down in a hospital bed next to bottles of medicine.", "The man is laying in bed taking his temperature.", "A man lays in bed with a thermometer sticking out of his mouth, and medicine on the night stand next to his bed."]
["a couple of ducks are in the water", "Two ducks are swimming through the water near dusk.", "A couple of ducks that are sitting in the water.", "Two ducks are floating in a pond together.", "Two ducks swim together in a pond at sunrise."]
["A mattress sitting in the corner between two buildings.", "a bed and a chair sitting outside  on the street", "a mattress and a chair in the corner of a parking lot", "A makeshift home is set up in the outside corner of a building.", "a mattress is laying on a dirty concrete slab"]
["A bedroom with a large window, bed and floor lamp.", "a bedroom with yellow walls a black desk and white bed", "A sunny, neat bedroom with a small home office in the corner.", "A room with a sunny window contains a bed and a desk.", "A dimly lit bedroom that has odd colored walls."]
["two twin beds in a room with two chairs", "A couple of single beds by a table, chairs and a television.", "a bed room with two beds and a table ", "a room with two beds two chairs a table and a television set", "The bedroom has two beds and a table with two chairs."]
["a desk with a laptop and a computer monitor near a bed", "A bedroom scene complete with a bed, desk and computer.", "A bedroom with a small wooden desk topped with an open laptop computer and a monitor.", "Two computers on a desk in a small bedroom", "Bedroom with double bed, laptop, desktop computer and desk with chair."]
["a man riding a surfboard close to the shore ", "A surfer riding a wave onto the beach with multiple surfers behind him.", "A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A surfer riding a wave with other surfers in the background.", "There were several people out in the surf today with their boards."]
["Two surfers riding waves close to the beach.", "A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "a man riding on a red surf board in the middle of a ocean ", "A man riding the waves on his surf board.", "A surfer holds his arms out as he approaches land."]
["A man riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.", "A man balancing himself on a surfboard in the water", "A surfer is catching a small wave as two others watch him.", "an image of a man on a surfboard that is riding the ocean waves", "A young man surfs in a small blue wave."]
["A radio sitting on a table next to a record player.", "A picture of a old vinyl player and tape recorder.", "An old style turn table for playing records.", "Room full of electronic and musical equipment with family photos", "A wooden shelf with a record player and radio. "]
["A person is getting ready to cut a \"thank you\" cake.", "A large chocolate and strawberry covered cake for Lori", "A cake with chocolate frosting and strawberries on top.", "A chocolate cake with strawberries and writing on top.", "A chocolate cake with strawberries on top on a table."]
["A welcome cake for someone on a green table of some sort.", "A large red and white sheet cake sitting on top of a table.", "A cake with medicine box decoration on a table with knife by its side.", "A grey table with a white and red cake next to knife.", "A large cake and a knife on a table."]
["A women who is laying in bed with her laptop.", "A woman is working on a laptop computer in bed.", "A woman snuggled up in bed using a laptop", "a woman is laying in bed with a laptop", "A woman sitting in a bed with a laptop on her belly."]
["A person riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A man surfing a wave in the ocean with advertisement in the background.", "A person is out surfing on a wave", "A man riding a wave on a surfboard near a para sail chute.", "THERE IS A MAN ON THE SURF BOARD WAVES"]
["A room with a bed, lamps, tables and pillows. ", "the room has Mickey ears on the wall", "a bedroom with a big bed and a canopy", "a nicely decorated bed room in a shade of red and white", "A bedroom with a bed, awning and Mickey Mouse decorations."]
["Surfer riding breaking intense wave all the way to shore ", "A surfer riding a wave in the ocean.", "A man surfs down the waves of a beach ", "A surfer is riding a wave near the shore.", "A man is holding his arms out on his surfboard in the middle of the sea."]
["A young woman riding a pink surfboard on a wave in the ocean.", "A person with long hair riding a surfboard on a wave.", "A one armed woman surfing in the ocean.", "A female surfer is looking at an oncoming wave.", "A woman is riding a surfboard on the water."]
["A hairy man is carrying a surfboard in his wet suit.", "A person that is about to go in the water.", "A man with curly hair has a surfboard by the ocean.", "An older man with long hair carrying a surfboard into the ocean.", "There is an older man walking in the waves."]
["A picture of a woman laying on the purple sheets of a bed.", "A black and white picture of a cross eyed girl.", "A magazine rests on purple and pink sheets.", "A bedroom is decorated with a quilt on the wall, a graphic pillow, and pink and purple bed linens.", "A photo of a bed with a pillow that has a picture on it."]
["two people are cutting a cake and plates ", "Two people dressed in wedding attire standing together at a table with a small cake.", "Adults in formal attire cutting celebratory cake at indoor event.", "Two people cutting a cake at a wedding.", "A couple one wearing a wedding dress the other with orange res hair wearing a black suit cut a cake."]
["a man is riding a wave on a surfboard", "A person who is riding a wave on a surfboard. ", "a person riding a surf board on a wave ", "A person surf boarding on a wave in water.\n", "A man riding a white surfboard on top of a wave."]
["A man riding a white surfboard on a wave in the ocean.", "Man in black wetsuit surfing a wave on white surfboard.", "a person riding a surf board on a wave", "A man jumping the top of a wave on a surfboard.", "males surfer riding wave, appears to be airborne over wave. "]
["people at a restaurant with a plate with cheese cake", "A young couple enjoying a meal at a restaurant.", "A couple of Asian people eating dinner at a restaurant.", "a woman and man at a table in a restaurant", "It shows two restaurant booths; a smiling woman in the one behind, in the closer one, a man holding a drink and looking down and a smiling woman looking at  a table with plates, some empty, others holding food, including a slice of cake.   "]
["a person and a young child on a beach ", "Man holding a small body board in one hand and a child in the other hand.", "a man standing on the beach with a little girl checking out a boogie board", "A man holding a foam floaty on an ocean beach.", "A man teaching a little girl how to boogie board."]
["A bed in a bedroom under a window covered with curtains.", "A interior room with a bed, desk, and other furniture", "A bed with a purple headboard sits in a dimly lit bedroom.", "A bed with a mirror behind it and clothes on the floor.", "Double bed in medium sized blue carpeted room."]
["A table of desserts that include cakes and pastries.", "Several dishes and desserts arranged buffet style on a table.", "A dining table with food on plates and bowls", "A group of people standing around a table with food on it.", "A wood table full of plates, cakes, and deserts."]
["A man surfing on a surf board in the ocean.", "A man in a wet suit riding a wave on a surfboard.", "A man rides his surfboard on the waves.", "a man that is surfing on a wave in water", "A surfer rides a wave in this Michael L. Baird photo."]
["MAN IN ORANGE SHIRT TRYING TO RIDE A WAVE\n", "A man in the ocean rides a wave on a surfboard.", "A man surfs a small wave in the ocean. ", "Eventually person that is surfing in the water.", "A man is surfing on a small wave."]
["a young male riding an ocean wave on a surfboard", "a man on a surfboard riding the waves in the ocean", "An experienced surfer concentrates on the wave heading inbound.", "a man rides on a surf board through the waves", "a kid is riding on a surfboard at the beach"]
["A man is surfing on a small wave.", "A man on a surfing on a surfboard in the water.", "man surfboarding on a large body of water with large waves.", "A surfer on a surfboard riding a wave.", "A man riding a wave on a surf board."]
["A man on a surf board riding the wave.", "A man on a surfboard riding a large wave. ", "The surfer is riding a wave in the ocean.", "A surfer wearing red shirt surfing on a wave.", "a young man surfing an eight foot wave"]
["A man riding a wave on a surfboard in the ocean.", "A man is standing on a surfboard catching a wave.", "A man surfing on a wave in the ocean.", "A surfer is on his board preparing for the next wave.", "A large muscular man on a surfboard riding a wave."]
["A gorgeous display of food on the table.", "A meal on a plate with dipping sauces.", "A veggie roll cut in half on a white plate with dipping sauces.", "A fried item on a plate with a side of sauces.", "a dish with five items of food and some sauce"]
["A pizza next to two calzone's in boxes on a table.", "a pizza and some other food in boxes", "A pizza and two cal zones sitting in delivery boxes.", "SOMEONE IS SITTING AT THERE DESK EATING PIZZA", "a very large and thick pizza and two other pieces of food"]
["A view of a bed and a crib in the middle of a room.", "A small room with a bed, bassinet and baby crib. ", "a living room with a couch, bed and crib", "a bedroom that has a bed and a crib", "A bedroom with a large bed and a baby crib."]
["A woman playing in her hair while sitting on a bed.", "A young woman sits in bed combing her hair.", "The woman is on her bed trying to comb her hair.", "Young woman sitting on the edge of a bed looking tired.", "A woman sitting on top of a white bed with an afro."]
["A woman that is standing in front of a tray of food.", "a little girl and her work place makes pizzas", "Girls posing behind a stack of pizzas in pans.", "A woman taking a picture of a woman by several pizza's.", "a woman is standing in front of some pizzas"]
["A woman with beautiful breast sitting next to another woman and pizzas.", "two people at a table with two boxes of pizza", "Two women have a social interaction over pizza and drinks.", "two female sitting at a table across from eachother eating pizza", "two women sitting on a table eating some pizza from a box "]
["a t.v. stand that has a t.v. and some other electrical equipment", "An entertainment system has a television and large speakers.", "A home entertainment center with tall stereo speakers, a television, game console and stereo.", "This is a picture of an entertain system for a living space. ", "A media setup in someone's house with television and stereo"]
["A boy with a baseball bat is in front of a TV.", "A little girl is pretending to hit a baseball that is being pitched. ", "A child in a living room is swinging a bat.", "A small child swings a bat next to a tv stand.", "Boy in the motion of swinging at an incoming baseball. "]
["A hospital bed is in a very lived in room.", "An empty hospital bed with side rails up.", "A hospital bed sits beside a window with sun shining through it", "An adjustable bed sits unattended in a room.", "An empty hospital bed is positioned in the living room "]
["a man sitting in a chair  infront of a computer in front of a window", "A guy sitting at a desk with a nice monitor by a window.", "Guy with glasses sitting in a chair in a hotel room.", "A man sitting in front of a flat screen monitor.", "A man sits on a computer desk in a room. "]
["A living room with white furniture and a flat screen TV surrounded by book on book shelves.", "A living room view of its couch, book shelf, windows, and television monitor.", "a modern looking living room with shelves and a large screen tv", "A living area with sofas, chairs and shelves.", "A living room containing a white sofa and love seat, with several books on a book shelf and a TV on the wall. "]
["A laptop sitting on a desk with other accessories. ", "A laptop on a desk in a room ", "A wooden shelf on a brick wall with a storage bin under it, a laptop and lamp are on the shelf.", "A computer desk with a row of books underneath it", "A computer sitting on a desk with books and a clock."]
["Blonde haired woman in a wheelchair playing tennis.", "A person in a wheelchair is playing tennis ", "A tennis player in a wheelchair prepares to serve the ball.", "a lady in a wheel chair playing tennis ", "A tennis player holds the racket up behind her head."]
["A woman serving the tennis ball on the court", "A tennis player who is leaping to hit the ball during a match.", "A girl is swinging her tennis racquet at at the ball.", "Woman playing tennis at a large tennis match.", "A tennis player is jumping up to hit the ball."]
["A tennis player is on a blue and green court.", "A man prepares to serve a tennis ball during a match.", "A man holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.", "A man that is standing on a tennis court with a racquet.", "A tennis player is preparing to serve a ball during a match."]
["A tennis player on a tennis court holds his racket as a crowd watches him.", "A man plays tennis in front of crowd. ", "Man hitting a tennis ball on a blue tennis court.", "A man standing on a tennis court holding a tennis racquet.", "A tennis player is swinging a tennis racket."]
["A window above a wooden table with a vase containing a white flower.", "A kitchen table with a vase and flower and window overlooking it.", "vase with flowers make up the center piece of table in front of window", "A vase with flowers in it on a table. ", "round porthole window in dining room with flower vase"]
["a man is sitting in front of some food", "The food is being eaten by the man at the restaurant ", "A man consuming a plate of Italian food.", "The man is eating with his fork and a pizza is on the table.", "A man with a plate of food looking at a pizza on a plate. ", "A man sitting down eating a pizza at a restaurant. "]
["A woman with nice breast sitting at a table with a pizza.", "blurry image of a pizza, coke and a woman sitting at a table", "A table set with pizza and a bottle of coke.", "Pizza and Coke sitting in front of a women", "A woman at a table with pizza and a soda. "]
["A man holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.", "The tennis player has his eyes on the approaching tennis ball. ", "The men are playing a game of tennis outside.", "A man watching a tennis ball while holding a racquet.", "tennis player preparing to hit an incoming tennis ball"]
["A young girl hitting a tennis ball with a .racquet", "Lady enjoys playing tennis in the sun on the court ", "Children play tennis in an urban area with buildings in the background.", "People are playing tennis in the middle of a town.", "A woman swings at a tennis ball standing on a tennis court in the middle of a city. "]
["A tennis player running forward during a tennis game.", "The tennis player leaps to return the ball.", "A man reaching out with a tennis racquet on a court.", "A male tennis player running and stretching out.", "Spectators watch a tennis player stretch for the ball"]
["A man holding a tennis racquet in front of a crowd.", "A tennis player is getting ready to hit the ball.", "A tennis player swinging a racket at a ball", "A tennis player about to swing his racket in front of a crowd.", "a tennis player getting ready to hit a serve"]
["a man is holding a tennis racket on a court", "The crowd is intent on the tennis game as the player prepare to return the ball.", "A man in white playing tennis in front of a crowd", "A young man holding a racquet on a tennis court.", "A tennis player reacts to hitting a ball."]
["A pizza with pineapple and meat topping on a metal pizza pan.", "A close up of a pizza with one slice missing.", "A pizza that has some pieces taken out of it.", "A gourmet pizza dish on a pizza platter with one slice missing.", "A pizza with many toppings is on a on a table in a silver pan."]
["Baked dish on long metal serving dish on wooden table.", "A long, rectangular, gourmet pizza on a metal tray", "A large long pizza on a metal pan on a table.", "a pan of pizza at a wooden table in a restaurant ", "An Italian meal with marinara sauce served on a long tray."]
["A man holding a tennis racquet standing on a tennis court.", "A man playing tennis during a sunny day.", "There is a man swinging a racket at a tennis ball.", "A man prepared to hit a tennis ball.", "A tennis player prepares to hit the ball during a match.", "A tennis player is poised ready to hit the ball. "]
["A pan with a pizza on it with a spoon and a pizza cutter. ", "This pizza is half eaten and has mushrooms and ham.", "A pizza is topped with mushrooms and ham.", "A pizza on a cutting board is half gone.", "More than half of a mushroom pizza remains in a dish that also holds a pizza cutter and spatula. "]
["A small pizza sitting on a wooden table next to a bread maker.", "a woman working in a kitchen as a pizza sits on the counter", "A woman is making a homemade pizza in a small, well-lit kitchen. ", "Lady standing at sink with a pizza next to her on the counter.", "A pizza that is sitting on a kitchen counter."]
["Two men excited about the very large pieces of pizza they are holding.", "Two adult males enjoying large slices of pizza.", "Two men giving thumbs up holding large slices of pizza.", "A couple of guys enjoying there freshly made hot pizza.", "Two men are excited about the pizza they are holding."]
["A lady making a funny face in a restaurant.", "A girl is wide mouth next to a huge pizza.", "A girl sits at a table in front of a pizza and a wine glass.", "a person sitting at a table with a large pan of pizza", "A surprised woman sitting at a table at a restaurant."]
["A man standing on a tennis court holding a tennis racquet.", "A picture of a man playing tennis on a tennis court.", "A man hitting a tennis ball on a court.", "A man swings his racket to hit a tennis ball. ", "A man in a dark warm-up suit smiles broadly as he lunges and reaches out his tennis racket for a volley."]
["Two young women sitting on a couch one of them using a laptop.", "Two woman sitting on the couch in  a living room.", "Two college women sit on the couch in their dorm.", "Two young woman sitting on opposite ends of the couch, one wrapped in a blanket, the other looking at a laptop.", "Two women sitting on a couch in a living room."]
["The television stand has many remotes and electronics on it.", "A tv stand features a tv, gaming console and many other electronics.", "The television in the room is turned off.", "An entertainment unit with a flat screen TV, various electronics, and remote controls.", "A television that is sitting on an entertainment stand."]
["A coffee cup filled with different colored tooth brushes.", "a white cup full of wrapped colorful toothbrushes", "A group of colorful tooth brushes are in a container.", "a bunch of tooth brushes of all colors are in a white cup.", "A white cup is stuffed with toothbrushes wrapped in plastic."]
["A den with a couch a fan and table", "A view of a living room with a fan and a brown couch.", "A living room filled with living room furniture and other accessories. ", "A small and ordinary looking living room in someone's house. ", "This is a living room with a couch, a coffee table, and a floor fan. "]
["A coaster is shown next to a remote.", "The remote control is on the desk with the coaster next to the papers.", "The coaster is sitting by the remote control.", "A television remote rests near a beverage coaster. ", "A Heineken coaster sits next to a remote on the desk. "]
["A couple of young ladies sitting next to each other.", "Two young girls playing the Wii on a couch. ", "A couple of girls with remotes on a couch.", "two young females sitting in a couch with their feet resting on a coffee table", "two girls on a couch playing a video game"]
["A person playing with a WII controller for a video game", "A man with beard playing a game with a Nintendo Wii controller.", "He stops to think as he holds a game controller in one hand and a wine glass in the other.", "One is showing a man with spectacles,other showing a person holding a wine glass.", "A picture of a man's face next to another picture of a person's arm holding a glass of wine and a remote control."]
["Several young girls sitting on a couch and playing Wii.", "Four young girls smiling while playing Nintendo Wii. ", "A group of girls play with a nintendo wii", "A family playing a Nintendo Wii on couch", "The group of girls are playing video games together in the room."]
["two plastic cases for a wii, for different purposes", "A Wii and two holders handing on a wall.", "A wii remote sitting on a table with remote covers on both sides of it.", "A close up shot of a Nintendo Wii remote and holders. ", "A Wii controller laying on a  wood table with a Wii charger and case. "]
["A long white couch in front of a wooden table.", "A large decorative living room or sitting area .", "Butterfly design coffee table is in front of a  wall couch along a mirror wall with blue drape hanging in the window with butterfly design entrance to the next room which is consist of a piano and a television.", "A large room with a plush couch and stained glass windows.", "A brightly decorated room with a large mirror behind a long couch "]
["A couch, fireplace, and other furniture sitting in a roo", "A room with a couch, fireplace, mirror and curtains.", "This is a fancy living room with a white couch with red pillows.", "A room holds a fireplace and a sofa.", "There is a room that is lit up."]
["A woman and a little boy playing the Nintendo Wii.", "Woman and boy play video games in the living room.", "Two people playing a video game in front of the TV.", "A woman and a young child sitting in front of a TV.", "Woman and small child sitting on a bean bag chair play a Wii game."]
["A little girl sitting on the floor holding a Wii remote ", "A little kid sitting on a floor holding a game controller.", "A young child is sitting playing the Wii.", "A little girl playing with a Wii while sitting on the ground.", "A man and a cute small girl playing a video game."]
["Room with a couch, tv, dining table surrounded by chairs and two doors ", "A couch, table, chairs and a tv are featured in a den with blue carpeting.", "The living room is clean and empty of people.", "Someone recently redid their front room in blues and browns", "An empty living room with many pieces of furniture. "]
["A computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "THIS IS A PICTURE OF A VERY MESSY COMPUTER DESK", "The computer is sitting on a desk with a lot of cartoon figures. ", "A desktop computer on a computer desk with toys.", "a desk with a keyboard monitor and a cup of pens"]
["A picture of a computer desk that is messy.", "A messy desk has a computer and a bottle of gatorade.", "A messy computer desk with a pull out shelf for mouse and keyboard", "An office desk holding a keyboard, monitor, and office supplies.", "A desk is cluttered with trash, books, and a computer."]
["The desktop wallpaper is open on a computer", "a computer is sitting on a white desk", "Desk workspace with modern monitor and two keyboards.", "A lap top is next to a computer monitor and two keyboards.", "A desktop computer with a laptop computer next to it."]
["A computer mouse and keyboard sitting next to a  monitor.", "A mouse, keyboard, and monitor on a desk ", "A computer mouse and keyboard and monitor. \n", "White keyboard and mouse sitting in front of a laptop. ", "A wireless mouse and keyboard attached to a computer."]
["A man sitting down at a table using a computer.", "A man smiles as he looks at a computer screen.", "A man sitting at his desk looking at a computer .", "Man sitting at a work space staring at a monitor.", "a man sitting at a desk looking at a computer monitor while on the phone "]
["A small and cluttered desk with two computer towers", "A computer desk topped with a desk topped computer.", "Small computer area with a small wooden desk. ", "A computer desk with shelves on the wall.", "The office space is small and a bit cluttered."]
["A woman holding a baby boy in her hands.", "a smiling boy sits on a woman's lap with a man standing behind both of them", "Family posing for a portrait for a card.", "A woman holding a boy posing for a family picture.", "a smiling family posing together for a photo"]
["a keyboard sits under neath a monitor ", "Closeup of a wooden desk with a white keyboard on it.", "there is a dell computer that is on top of a desk", "this is a closeup of a white computer keyboard", "a keyboard sitting in front of a monitor next to a mouse"]
["A coffee cup sitting on a wooden table next to a computer keyboard and mouse.", "an image of a keyboard and cup next to it ", "Closeup of a keyboard, mouse, USB device and a coffe mug.", "A mug sits next to a computer laptop and a flash drive.", "A picture of a desk with a keyboard, coffee mug, mouse and thumb drive."]
["A man is sprawled out on a wall.", "A man sits on a ledge speaking on a cell phone.", "A person sitting on concrete in front of a building, talking on cellphone.", "Man sitting in majestic pose along the wall of building.", "He is relaxed on the wall while making a call."]
["A man holding up a phone while standing in snow.", "A man standing in the snow and using his cell phone.", "A man standing in ski gear looking at a cell phone in his hand.", "A man taking a break on the slopes to check his phone.", "A young man in ski equipment is looking at a cell phone."]
["A young boy sitting on a field next to a soccer ball.", "A boy kneeling in the grass near a soccer ball. ", "A boy sitting next to a ball on the grass.", "a child sitting on a field near a soccer ball", "a kid is sitting out in the grass"]
["A young man in a white shirt is playing tennis.", "Man with racquet about to hit ball tennis ball.", "The tennis player's ball is in mid air.", "A tennis player hits the ball back to his opponent.", "A man hitting a tennis ball with his tennis racket "]
["A living room filled with yellow furniture and a flat screen TV.", "A living room with sofa, love seat, coffee table, Christmas tree, television and floor lamp.", "A living room made in soft green colors.", "A living room with two couches, a coffee table, tv and Christmas tree.", "A family den with a Christmas tree in the corner of the room."]
["A table that is in the middle of a living room.", "The two couches in the den have many pillows on them. ", "A nice living room with a couch and various throw pillows.", "The inside of a small business waiting area is seen.", "A couch and table in a sitting area of the house."]
["A laptop computer and several books at a work station.", "A laptop computer sits open on a kitchen table.", "A dinner table has been reverted to a home office.", "An open computer next to books on a table", "A laptop computer sitting on a table turned on with books and paper on either side."]
["A group of people walking across a beach flying kites near the ocean.", "People walk along the shore next to a cliff.  ", "People are walking on a beach alongside giant rock formations and flying a kite.", "A group of people on a beach flying a kite.", "People on the beach flying a kite near a tall rock wall."]
["A woman flying kites in a cloudy sky.", "A girl with long hair holds a string and looks up at the kites that are up in the air.", "A woman with long hair is flying a kite.", "A woman is flying a kite in a field", "A woman watching kites standing with other people."]
["a nice day at a small clean clear beach", "A big city sits next to a busy beach near the ocean.", "A group of kites flying over the ocean by a beach.", "Kites are being flown above the ocean near a busy city beach.", "A wave crashes in the ocean as people fly kites on the busy beach. "]
["Two teenage boys are flying kites on top of a hill.", "Two men in the same clothes flying a kite.", "two people standing near one another with a kite in the sky", "A couple of men standing next to each other on a  hillside.", "two men playing with a kite outside in the grass"]
["A couple of men standing on a beach flying a kite.", "Two men flying kites together on a windy day.", "Two men are flying kites in the clear sky.", "People flying different kites at around the same area", "Two men are flying their kites in the sky."]
["A group of kids in street next to a building.", "some children are walking outside and some are waving", "Group of children wearing blue outfits walking next to each other. ", "Raise your right hand if you just peed your pants!", "A group of children walking down the street."]
["A small, well organized desk with a computer and books.", "A computer sits on a white wooden stand.", "A desk that holds a clock, computer, books, lamp and knickknacks. ", "A home office set up on a shelf in the living room", "two shelves containing books, a laptop, a clock and a lamp"]
["A man is flying a kite on the beach.", "A man on the surf of a beach watches a colorful kite that is a few feet off of the ground.", "A man flying a kite on a beach shore at a low level.", "A man trying to fly a kite on the beach.", "A man flying a multi-colored kite on an almost deserted beach."]
["A girl flies a kite in the air outside.", "A person is standing in a field and flying a kite.", "A person flying a kite while standing in the grass.", "A woman flying a kite in a park in Seattle, Washington", "someone that is flying a kite around in the air"]
["A crowd of people flying kites over a lush green field.", "A large crowd of people and flying kites.", "A large crowd of people flying kites under a cloudy sky.", "A large crowd of people standing in an open field with kites in the air.", "People are standing in the grass near flying kites."]
["There are a lot of people flying their kites together in the field.", "A filed full of people flying colorful kites under a gray sky.", "A large crowded park with many kites flying ", "A field full of a bunch of people who are flying various kites", "A park with many kits being flown by people"]
["A clock sitting in a chair next to a table.", "An assortment of objects including a chair and clock.", "A large clock sitting on a chair in front of a television.", "Clock sitting on a green chair next to a coffee table.", "A clock sitting on a chair in front of a tv."]
["a person in a field flying a kite in the sky", "Person flying kite with two strings on a clear blue day.", "A man is in a field flying a kite.", "A woman is flying a kite in a open area.", "A woman stands flying a kite with both hands."]
["A person flying a kite over water on a cloudy day.", "A person is flying a kite on a beach.", "there is a man on the beach that is flying a kite", "a person on a beach flying a kite ", "A woman on a beach flying a kite."]
["A tiered kite flies above a plaza of people", "A large string of kites being flown in the sky", "A lot of people walk around in a court yard area where small flags are flying up into the sky.", "a crowd of people in a plaza with one flying a kite", "Young children fly kites in a city square."]
["People standing around while someone flies a kit", "A group of people standing under a colorful kite.", "A group of people on a pavement and one flying a kite", "a man holding a kite with a group of people in the background", "a kite is flying over a busy beach"]
["An abandoned teddy bear outside of a closed shop on the sidewalk.", "A teddy bear lying down on the sidewalk in front of a store. ", "The stuffed bear is on the sidewalk next to the shop entrance.", "A teddy bear laying outside on a sidewalk in front of a building ", "A pink teddy bear sitting on the side of a business building on a sidewalk."]
["A big clock on top of a big strange structure.", "A sculptural metal clock tower with a bathtub and people depicted.", "A very tall metal structure with a clock above it.", "A large clock on top of a tower.", "A sculpture with a clock built into it."]
["Batter looking on at player at home base preparing to swing at ball.", "A person on a field with a baseball bat.", "A baseball player with a bat in his hands.", "A man that is standing on a baseball field with a bat.", "Two baseball players wear black shirts and white striped pants."]
["Several small children playing on grass with bats, a ball and a glove.", "Three little boys attempt to play baseball together outside.", "Three young boys play a game of plastic baseball.", "a bunch of kids play with some nerf toys ", "Three little boys preparing for a base ball game outside."]
["A kid playing with a bat and ball on a beach.", "A boy hitting a baseball on the beach.", "Young boy standing on a bench on a clear day.", "A boy swinging a bat at a ball on the beach.", "A boy playing baseball on a sandy beach."]
["A baseball player standing at home plate on a baseball field..", "Baseball players on home plate with a crowd watching behind them. ", "Baseball players play a game in a stadium.", "A baseball game is being played before a crowd.", "A baseball player waiting for the ball to be thrown in front of a crowd."]
["A catcher that is reacting to a pitch he just caught.", "A man is up to bat in a professional baseball game.", "A baseball game is in action as a batter swings.", "Three men playing base ball in a field", "Left handed batter, catcher, and umpire waiting for thrown baseball to arrive at home plate."]
["Baseball player swings his bat at a baseball.", "Group of three men playing baseball in front of a crowd.", "A player taking a swing at a ball during a crowded baseball game", "A group of players playing a baseball game.", "Three players are on a baseball field in front of a large crowd."]
["The catcher and umpire are at home plate at a baseball game.", "People are standing together near home plate on a baseball field.", "A group of men on a baseball field playing a game.", "Some players milling around on the baseball field.", "A man standing on top of a baseball field next to an umpire."]
["The view of a professional baseball game through a mesh net.", "A pitcher throwing a baseball to a batter on a baseball field.", "Batter hitting ball during major baseball daytime game.", "A few athletes are playing baseball on the field. ", "A man swinging a baseball bat at a ball."]
["A baseball player standing next to home plate.", "a few people that are playing baseball on a field", "A person that is up to bat at a baseball game.", "A baseball game with a batter at the plate ", "A batter up to bat during a baseball game."]
["a pizza on a wooden pan with a person sitting across from it", "A pizza that is on top of a table.", "a photo of a man over a table of food smiling at the camera", "The young man is looking across the table at the camera.", "A man is sitting at a table with pizza and beer."]
["An adult male in blue and white is swinging a tennis racket.", "A person on a court with a tennis racket.", "A man holding a tennis racket on a brown tennis court. ", "the tennis player is ready to return the ball", "A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court."]
[" A man jumping after hitting a ball while playing tennis.", "a tennis player who has just jumped up to hit a tennis ball at the back of a tennis court", "A tennis player jumps for joy after making a shot in a clay court tennis match.", "a male tennis player in a white shirt ", "There are two people watching another one play tennis."]
["Three slices of pizza and many bowls of salad on a table.", "Bowls of salad and paper plates with pizza on a table.", "Slices of pizza and bowls of salad on a table", "someone is cutting into a piece of pizza that is on a paper plate.", "A large table with pizzas and vegetables are ready to be eaten. "]
["A shot of a tennis player in mid shot.", "a man is about to serve a tennis ball", "A tennis player is in motion with his racquet raised.", "A tennis player throws the ball to take a serve.", "A tennis player arching back to serve the ball."]
["A man hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racquet.", "A player is returning a volley during a tennis game.", "A tennis player is hitting the ball with his racquet.", "The tennis played has managed to balance the ball on his racket.", "A tennis player is hitting the tennis ball. "]
["A man holding a tennis racquet and two tennis balls.", "A man looking at the tennis ball his is hitting.  ", "A male tennis player serving the green   ball.", "Man holding tennis racket with two balls in the air.", "A man on a tennis court holding a racket and two tennis balls."]
["A man is throwing up a tennis ball and going to hit it with a racket.", "A crowd watching a man holding a tennis racquet.", "A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A man serving a tennis ball in a stadium with people watching.", "A tennis player is taking a wide overhead swing as the crowd watches."]
["A wooden table topped with a pan containing a pizza.", "A pizza with red sauce and and cheese sits on a pan on the table.", "A cheesy pizza is cut into slices on a plate.", "Pizza on a metal plate sitting on table near phone.", "a table with a pizza and a basket of French fries"]
["a tennis player reaching to hit a ball on a tennis court", "this is a man playing on a tennis court", "A man is getting ready to hit a tennis ball.", "a man standing on a tennis court lunging for a tennis ball", "a man that is playing some tennis on a court"]
["A man swinging a tennis racket at a ball on a field.", "The man jumps high to hit the tennis ball.", "A  person raised up off the ground in front of a crowd.", "A woman serves a tennis ball as a crowd watches", "an image of a tennis player returning a serve"]
["A man with a racquet that is standing on a tennis court.", "The tennis player is anticipating the ball, and positioning himself to return it.", "a man playing tennis with a bunch of people watching", "A man swinging a tennis racquet on a court.", "A tennis player ready to receive tennis ball in front of a crowd."]
["A piece of pizza being lifted from a whole pie with a pair of tongs.", "A pizza is on a lazy susanne preparing to be served.", "a close up of a pizza in a pan on a wooden table", "A pizza pie sitting on a wooden table with tongs.", "a crispy baked multi topping pizza ready for service"]
["A few slices of pizza with multiple toppings on a metal pizza pan.", "Pizza with pepperoni, mushrooms, olives and sausage on a pizza pan.", "a mushroom and pepperoni pizza on a pan", "A couple of large slices of pizza with toppings on a pan.", "some pizza slices with pepperoni, sausage and onion on them"]
["A plate of cottage cheese pizza and another with two pepperoni slices sitting on the table", "a couple of plates with some pizzas on them", "Two slices of pepperoni pizza are next a more lighter fair.", "A couple of pieces of pizza on plates", "Two paper plates sitting on top of a table covered in pizza."]
["Mini pizzas on a tray before going into the oven. ", "Small pizzas are benign baked in an oven. ", "The bagel appetizers are waiting to be heated.", "Mexican food is layed out on two trays.", "Two pants filled with food cooking in an oven."]
["A boy serving a tennis ball on the court ", "A boy preparing to serve a tennis ball", "a kid positioned to serve a tennis ball", "A young boy about to strike a tennis ball with his racket. ", "a boy reaching up so he can hit a tennis ball"]
["A tennis racquet balances on the end of its handle. ", "tennis racket with a \"W\" in it's web standing up right on tennis court", "A tennis racket standing up in an empty tennis court.", "A Wilson tennis racket balancing on its end on a tennis court.", "A tennis racket is sitting in the middle of a tennis field. "]
["a tennis player standing on a tennis court", "a person hitting a tennis ball while playing a game ", "The tennis player in a green shirt hits a ball on the clay court.", "A man on a tennis court swinging a racket. ", "A man standing on a tennis court while holding a racquet."]
["A man standing on a tennis court with a tennis racquet.", "The man is playing a game of tennis on the court. ", "A man playing tennis outside on a hot day", "There is no image here to provide a caption for.", "A distant shot of a Tennis player on the field. "]
["A man that is standing on a tennis court.", "Woman in green shirt playing tennis on brown court. ", "A man standing on top of a tennis court holding  a racquet.", "A man holding a tennis racket standing on a court.", "ONE PERSON OUT ON THE SANDY TENNIS COURT"]
["A tennis player in action on the court.", "The young man is running on the tennis court with the racket. ", "A young person is having fun playing a game of tennis. ", "a tennis player with a racket on a court ", "A man holding a tennis racquet on a  tennis court."]
["A tennis player swinging his racket a low ball.", "A man is on a court playing tennis.", "A man plays a game of tennis outside.", "A young boy holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A man holding his racket down while standing on a tennis court. "]
["A man standing on top of a tennis court.", "A kid taking a swing at a tennis ball.", "A tennis player has just hit the ball.  ", "A man hitting a tennis ball on a court, during the day.", "A man swinging a tennis racquet on a court."]
["A man and his reflection from a side mirror.", "A man makes a face as he looks at himself in the mirror.", "A man with a clock in front of him looking at himself in a mirror.", "A man holding up a watch while looking into a circular mirror.", "a man looking at a mirror with a clock in front of him"]
["A Macbook sitting near a clock and a lamp on a desk.", "A desk with a laptop computer next to a small lamp.", "A shelf with books and a laptop on it", "an image of modern things on a bookshelf", "There is a laptop computer sitting on a shelf"]
["two men sit side by side both on their mac books ", "Two men sitting at desk holding laptops and wires.", "Two men at separate tables using laptop computers.", "Two men, one with eyeglasses working on laptop computers", "Two guys siting at desks working on laptops."]
["A clock sits on top of some books.", "A hanging clock on top of books on a bookshelf.", "A book case with a white and black clock above it.", "A large clock is suspended from the ceiling of a book store.", "A large clock is hanging in a bookstore."]
["A clear vase that has some white flowers in it.", "White flowers in a bowl of water on a table.", "A bowl shaped vase with white and green flowers in it.", "A vase on a table filled with flowers on a table.", "A bowl filled with flowers is placed on top of a wood table."]
["A group of people who are posing for a picture.", "Four kids posing for a picture with a teddy bear.", "A group of young people in a bus ", "A group of kids on a bus playing cards.", "Some kids are all taking a photograph together"]
["A view of two streets during the night time.", "An aerial photo of a very long train station at night.", "A man sits alone on a train platform at night", "We are looking at a deserted train station at night.", "An empty boarding walk is lit up in yellow at night."]
["Cupcakes decorated with hearts and edible toy bears.", "A couple of teddy bear cup cakes on to of a cake.", "A teddybear on top of a cupcake with a C on its belly.", "a close up of stuffed animals on top of a cup cake", "Teddy bears that are sitting on top of a cupcake."]
["A woman in a coffee shop using a  laptop at a table", "Two people are using laptops in a cafe.", "A woman in scarf sitting at table with laptop.", "a girl sitting at a table and typing on her laptop ", "A woman sits in a cafe and uses her laptop."]
["A room illuminated  by a lamp and various toys and electronics strewn across the desk", "A light shining down with a teddy bear sitting in the back.", "Objects such as a teddy bear, cell phone and junk mail sit on a desk.", "an old cell phone a computer monitor on a desk", "A table with stuffed animals next to a computer and a lamp."]
["Stuffed animals sit on top of the Christmas garland.", "A bunch of stuffed animals in a Christmas theme ", "A bunch of very cute stuffed animals displayed together.", "Several teddy bears sitting on a mantle, surrounded by evergreen garland and Christmas decorations.", "A bunch of stuffed animals sitting on top of Christmas decor"]
["A string of Christmas garland hangs below a display of stuffed animals.", "A group of stuffed animals sitting on top of a tree.", "Stuffed animals on a shelf in a christmas display", "a large pile of differently decorated teddy bears sitting on top of Christmas-themed greenery", "A bunch of stuffed animals that are stacked together."]
["Young woman affectionately holding white teddy bear with car.", "The girl is wearing her seatbelt and hugging a teddy bear. ", "A young woman in the back of the car with a teddybear. ", "a small girl snuggles with a stuffed animals ", "A woman in the back seat of a car cuddling a white teddy bear. "]
["An umbrella is placed inside an old microwave. ", "A microwave that is open with an umbrella inside.", "a microwave is sitting on a black table", "A very old microwave with an umbrella in it.", "An umbrella in a microwave sitting on a small table."]
["Two women in the kitchen with a plate of spaghetti.", "Two girls look at a receipt over spaghetti dinner. ", "Two ladies in a kitchen on reading a card from the hand of the other holding a plate of spaghetti.", "Two women are conversing with each other in a room..", "Two women in a kitchen talking by the microwave. "]
["A bug sitting on the side of a laptop computer.", "There is a large dragon fly on the corner of the laptop. ", "A dragonfly has landed n the edge of a laptop", "A blue dragon fly is perched on the corner of a lap top computer on a patio area.", "The insect is flying around on the porch."]
["A couple of little girls sitting in front of laptop computers.", "Two young girls using laptops sitting on a coffee table.", "Two children using laptops on a coffee table", "Two girls are busy at work on their laptops.", "two small kids sitting at a table and on a lap top"]
["A black and white vase filled with flowers and a mirror in the background.", "A white and black potted plant with a mirror behind it.", "A vase of flowers that is on a table.", "A brown, black and white vase holding orange and white flowers.", "A vase with red to orange flowers on a table"]
["A person wearing chaps with the rear end out and a stuffed bear hanging off their back ", "a person standing on a city street with a bag", "A man wearing leather pants and no shirt.", "This person illustrates what a free soul might be seen as.", "An individual is in the open view in the picture. \n"]
["A cell phone and a smart phone lying side by side.", "Cell phone device showing connection made to the internet.", "Two cell phones sitting side by side next to each other .", "A picture of two smart phone display screens.", "One cell phone and one smart phone are placed next to each other. "]
["A man holding up a smart phone to his own face.", "A man holding a cell phone by his face.", "an effected image of a man with an old tech phone", "A fish-eye lens view of a man and his cell phone.", "A person is smiling holding a cell phone to their face."]
["A white microwave that is under kitchen cabinets.", "A white microwave hanging below some wooden cabinets.", "a microwave oven some brown cabinets and a window", "A built-in microwave among some wooden cabinet doors.", "There is a row of kitchen cabinets with a microwave with it"]
["a kitchen with a brown oven and wooden cabinetry", "A kitchen counter with an oven in the shot ", "A stove and microwave in a small room.", "this is an image of an old kitchen", "a kitchen with an oven cabinets and a stove"]
["A young man is on his phone looking upwards.", "a close up of a person siting down using a cell phone", "A man sitting at a bench holding a smart phone.", "A man is sitting at a table with his phone.", "A man is sitting at a picnic table and holding a cell phone. "]
["A white stove top oven sitting in a kitchen.", "Inside of a kitchen with a oven and a refrigerator.", "We see an old photo of a kitchen stove.", "A vintage looking white stove with multiple compartments.", "A stove and range combination has a tea pot on top."]
["Photo taking in a building looking at a staircase.", "A row of seats have closed off a stairwell.", "Set of stairs going up to a second level in front of windows.", "A staircase that separates into two sections and a row of chairs at the bottom of the stairs.", "A set of stairs blocked by a cart with six chairs on it."]
["The woman sitting in a red chair is smiling while holding a cell phone. ", "Redhaired woman in black jacket sitting in a red chair. ", "A teen girl with braces smiles from her red chair.", "There is a young girl smiling at the camera.", "a close up of a person sitting down eating something"]
["A Caucasian man looks up while talking on a cell phone outside.", "A man with white hair talking on a cell phone.", "A close up of a man on a cell phone.", "A man on a cell phone looking directly into the camera.", "A man in an orange jacket talks on his cell phone."]
["A man in glasses and suit on his cellphone", "A man wearing glasses talking on a cell phone.", "a man sitting at a table while talking on the cell phone ", "an image of a man talking on his cell phone", "A man is holding a cell phone to his ear."]
["a woman sitting on a brick wall while listening to something on a cell phone ", "The woman looks solemn while sitting and talking on her cell phone. ", "A woman is sitting down and talking on a cell phone.", "a woman  sitting down while using a cell phone", "A woman is listening to her mobile device."]
["A man without a shirt holding a smart phone.", "A man making a phone call has no shirt on.", "A man playing on his cell phone outside. ", "A shirtless man looks at his silver flip phone.", "a man with no shirt on uses a cell phone "]
["a young woman holding a cell phone in her right hand", "A woman with long her holding a phone in her hand", "A woman sitting while holding a cell phone in her hand. ", "A WOMAN IS SITTING DOWN HOLDING A CELL PHONE ", "A girl sitting down with her cell phone in her hand."]
["A microwave and a refrigerator in a room.", "A microwave oven sitting on top of a mini refrigerator.", "a microwave sitting on top of a mini fridge", "A plant and elephant figurine sit on a microwave which is on a refrigerator.", "A microwave with a potted plant next to an elephant statue."]
["A large white stove top oven in a kitchen.", "An antique white stove with a kettle on top.", "An old-fashioned white stove sits in a kitchen.", "A stove with a tea kettle on the burner.", "Old oven with four different compartments on it."]
["A young man is working and mixing something together. ", "A man standing in a kitchen preparing food.", "A man putting something in a container in an industrial kitchen. ", "A man in an industrial kitchen pouring something in a cup ", "A man in a kitchen adding ingredients to a mixer"]
["A little girl standing in front of a refrigerator with her butt hanging out.", "a little girl with her pants and underwear down as she stands by the fridge ", "a small kid with their pants down standing in front of a fridge ", "The young girl is standing in front of the opened refrigerator with her pants down. ", "A small child looking in a refrigerator with her bottom showing."]
["A sign that is on the door of a refrigerator.", "There is a refrigerator where food and drinks are stored.", "Person taking a picture of a empty food and drink fridge.", "A convenience store fridge with nothing in it.", "An empty industrial fridge that would hold cold drinks."]
["A convenient store's display of beverages inside a cooler.", "Coolers sitting side by side keeping drinks cold.", "A row of vending machines containing cold drinks.", "A refrigeration section of a store filled with lots of drinks.", "The coolers are full of soda and milk."]
["A clock hanging off the side of a tall building.", "a clock attached to the side of the wall ", "a roman numeral clock on a building with a lot of windows", "A concrete type building with many windows and a clock with roman numerals attached to the building wall.", "A Roman numeral clock attached to the side of a building."]
["A clock sitting in the middle of a room illuminated.", "A clock illuminated by four soft white light bulbs.", "A group of people standing around in a room with a large clock.", "lots of people some lights and a clock with a light ", "A public four-sided clock illuminated from within and from below."]
["A table topped with piles of dishes under a window.", "A long dining room table stacked with dishes.", "A table with plates, jugs, glasses, bowls and cups", "All kinds of silverware, dishes, cups, and other things completely covering the table.", " A dining room table with plates, bowls, and other items."]
["A black and white picture of a city's market.", "An older photo of traffic and people in the city.", "A black and white image of a Public Market Center. ", "A crowded street and sidewalk on a city street. ", "there is a old photo of the public market center sign"]
["The cat is standing inside the refrigerator while its owner is trying to get it out. ", "There is a cat inside of a refrigerator", "A cream colored and black cat stands on a refrigerator shelf as a hand holds some fruit.", "A cat hides in the fridge as a fruit is held up to it.", "A cat stands in the refrigerator with an apple in front of it."]
["A tall building with a clock on the front and side of it.", "a tall tower with a four sided clock", "A tall clock tower in front of a cloudy sky.", "A tall brick clock tower stands in front of the cloudy sky.", "a brown tower with a clock on top."]
["Kitchen appliance in use on wooden counter top in cooking area.", "A food process sitting on a counter that has a mixture in it.", "Blender with white puree inside on kitchen counter", "a blender type mixer sitting on a cabinet", "A mixer is pictured on a wood counter top and a tile back splash can be seen in the background."]
["A paperback book thats sitting on a desk with a skull shaped lamp.", "Skull lamp, Dracula book, and bat clock displayed on a table.", "A lamp decorated with skulls sitting on a wooden table beside a clock and book.", "A skull themed lamp next to a vampire book and a clock.", "a skull themed lamp on a table "]
["a little vase of flowers that are yellow in a blue vase", "a close up of a vase with flowers in it on a wooden floor", "A blue vase filled with yellow tiny flowers.", "Small yellow and orange flowers are arranged in a cobalt blue vase.", "An opalescent blue vase holds a bouquet of flowers. "]
["An old tower-like building made of wood hosts many decorations.", "A steeple with a clock on top of it", "A clock tower with a toy doll display below it.", "Two statues sit in the open window under a clock.", "A building with a clock on the front of it and other wooden items. "]
["a clock on the top of a small tower on the top of a building", "a building with a clock tower against a blue sky", "A building has a clock on the top of it.", "A old house with a clock tower in brown and white.", "A chateau style building with a clock on top of the tower."]
["Street Lights and a clock light up the night sky.", "It is night time an their is a clock shown on a tower", "A large standing metal clock in a room.", "An old fashion looking clock tower near some bright lights. ", "Tall clock tower outside by the street lights"]
["A large clock near a house is marked, \"1802\".", "a large clock resting in front of a home with trees in the background", "A black and white clock reads the time of \"3:25\".", "a small black clock is on a pole outside", "A clock near the front of a house."]
["An overhead hanging green clock that reads the time as 3:15.", "A large blue metal clock mounted to the front of a store.", "A clock attached to an old city building.", "A large, green clock hanging outside an building.", "A large green clock posted to protrude from the side of the building above eye level"]
["A small gold clock on a mantle with a mirror.", "A gold clock and candle being reflected by a mirror. ", "A golden clock sitting between two golden candle stick holders.", "An old clock that appears to be covered in gold.", "A clock that is sitting on a mantle."]
["A large room is decorated for winter holidays and features a rustic clock tower.", "some snow decorations and a clock on a steeple ", "A Christmas theme is put on display indoors", "A clock sitting in the center of a building.", "A shopping center decorated for Christmas with snowflakes and clock tower."]
["A bunch of teddy bears all lined up in a row", "Group of teddy bears assembled together with light in center.", "A number of stuffed teddy bears are laid out together.", "a bunch of stuffed animals are piled on top of each other ", "A group of teddy bears are together with a candle."]
["A clock tower at night near a bridge and several lit buildings.", "A clock on a tower perched against a dark night sky.", "a large tower that has a clock at the top", "a tall clock tower near other buildings ", "A clock tower sitting near buildings and a bridge."]
["a large church with two clocks above an entry door", "a very tall building with a city clock on", "An astronomical and calendar clock on an old building in Europe", "A HUGE CLOCK TOWER IN FRONT OF A HUGE AND VERY OLD CHURCH", "A very large clock displayed on the outside of a very large building."]
["A large clock sitting over a lobby in a building.", "A clock on a balcony above a lobby area.", "A large clock above full glass doors in the lobby of a building.", "a building with a big clock sitting on a wall", "a big clock sits inside of a building "]
["A bus that is pulled next to a sidewalk near a large building", "A city bus is by a cement clock tower.", "A bus parked in front of a building with a clock.", "A bus sits in front of a large building with a clock tower.", "A bus sits parked at a stop outside a building."]
["Two vases with intricate paintings on them on a wooden bench.", "Two white and silver vases sitting on a bench.", "A wooden bench with two white vases on the surface.", "Two large white vases with ornate etchings on them.", "Two white and gold decorative jars outside on a bench."]
["a large vase with large flowers near stone walls", "There is a vase that has a lot if flowers in jt", "A marble vase holding greens and flowers sits in a lighted grotto.", "A plant in a cement vase with lighting behind it.", "a small plant is sitting in a vase"]
["A flower is on an object that is lit. ", "A floral arrangement has twigs and orange and red petals and lights on a table.", "A somewhat surreal art display made of plants.", "a very unusual night time display on a table", "A vase of flowers on a dining table."]
["A vase filled with a colorful flower on top of a table.", "A withered rose sits in a tall slender vase.", "Several styles of vases with floral arrangements on small wooden table.", "a sad looking purple flower in an equallt sad vase", "A purple flower sitting in a vase on a table"]
["A pink flower and some other small flowers in a decorative mug", "A vase full of pink flowers with a black background. ", "a corsage resting inside a glass vace with a handle", "A cup filled with pink and dark pink flowers.", "A lovely, pink flower bouquet in a clear glass vase."]
["A cat behind flowers in a vase, small pumpkins, a wine bottle and a glass of wine.", "Cat standing behind green vase near pumpkins and wine.", "A cat is behind a vase and some little pumpkins.", "The cat stands behind a flower vase, two pumpkins, and a bottle of wine.", "A cat is sitting on a wooden surface behind a vase of flowers."]
["Several pairs of scissors with black handles lay on a counter.", "A selection of scissors, including pinking shears, under a glass shelf.", "Lots of pairs of scissors sitting on top of a table.", "Pairs of scissors and a rubber mallet laid out on a table", "A bunch of scissors sitting on a table with a hammer"]
["A giant pair of steel scissors in front of a tall building.", "A giant pair of scissors in a courtyard in front of a large building.", "Large pair of metal scissors on display in front of a building. ", "An art sculpture of scissors balancing on their points in front of a castle.", "There is a building with a giant pair of scissors outside of it."]
["The brown and white cat lays down on the washing machine near a pair of scissors.", "a cat that is laying on top of a washing machine", "A cat is laying on top of a dryer.", "A cat on a dryer guarding a pair of scissors.", "A large cat lies on top of a washing machine."]
["A man that is sitting at a table with various items on it.", "A man sits before a light meal served on the table of a travel trailer.", "A man at a table with food and drinks.", "A man sitting at a table full of stuff.", "A man sits at a table with various items on it."]
["A group of people sitting around a wooden table.", "A family sits down to a very early breakfast", "A group of people seated around a wooden table with plates of food.", "A group of people sit around a plate covered table.", "A table filled with food and surrounded by people."]
["A white plate topped with breakfast food and baked beans.", "A plate of breakfast food including eggs and sausage.", "A plate of food including eggs and toast on a table next to a stone railing.", "A plate of breakfast food with a silver tea pot.", "A plate with eggs, a sausage, French toast, beans, and a tomato on it."]
["A white plate topped with a pie and a bowl of butter.", "An oval white plate has some food on it.", "A view from above of a plat with a souffle and another food next to a glass.", "A pot pit on a plate with a large side of butter and a beer sitting on the table top. ", "Prepared food with a drink on a white plate."]
["Group of women socializing with alcohol in house", "a couple of women sits around a counter top ", "Four people standing around a kitchen bar drinking.", "Adults enjoying each others company in residential kitchen.", "a number of people standing in a kitchen near one another "]
["Several people are around a table with cups of beer.", "A variety of beers are shown and poured in small cups.", "People sitting at a table full of drinks.", "A few people are standing near a table with many poured drinks. ", "Three people at a table sampling multiple flavored drinks. "]
["A group of men sitting in a wine seller.", "A group of men smile as they stand among wine barrels.", "Men talking and tasting wine near stacks of wine barrels.", "Two men taste test a brewer's wine directly from the barrels.", "A group of men are drinking wine near wine barrels.  "]
["some people on a park bench in a field", "an old man and an old woman sit together on a park bench in front of a grassy field", "A man sitting next to a woman on top of a bench.", "An elderly couple sit on a bench in a grassy park.", "A black and white photo of a man and woman on a bench."]
["The man is sitting in front of a laptop with his hands over it. ", "A man in a cap is sitting at a laptop.", "A man sitting at a desk on a laptop computer", "Man in glasses and hat sits at laptop", "a man sitting and using a laptop on a table"]
["some people are riding motorcycles down the street", "The two men of the back of the motorcycles are holding hands", "Two motorcyclists each ride with passengers on their backs.", "Two sets of people riding on motorcycles with two passengers holding hands", "Two men on back of motorcycles grabbing hands."]
["A man drives fast in a motorcycle with kids in the sidecar", "some people riding a motorcycle with a sidecar", " people on motorbikes riding very fast and  also akid", "There are two people with helmets on the motorcycle. ", "Two people are riding fast on a motorcycle."]
["A man playing chess as a cat watches in the other chair.", "A man playing a game of chess with a cat.", "A man seated at a chessboard with a cat on the other side.", "a person playing chess with a cat sitting across the chess player", "A guy playing a chess board with a cat across from him."]
["The man is in his refrigerator looking for something to eat or drink", "A man in the kitchen looking in the refrigerator. ", "A man looking in a refrigerator in a kitchen.", "An old photo of a man standing in front of an open fridge", "A man standing in front of an open refrigerator."]
["A kitchen counter top with a white bowl sitting next to another white bowl.", "An eye level counter-view shows blue tile, a faucet, dish scrubbers, bowls, a squirt bottle and similar kitchen items. ", "A kitchen counter top with bowls sitting next to the sink.", "A siamese kitten in a bowl on a drainer next to a tap", "a large white bowl sits next to the kitchen sink"]
["A man in his kitchen cooking using the stove.", "A man cooking in a kitchen with white cabinets.", "A man is cooking at a stove in the kitchen.", "A man is standing in a kitchen over the stove.", "A man is at the stove cooking eggs."]
["A kitchen area with all white cabinets mad a white refrigerator.", "This kitchen is mostly white and beige in color.", "An empty kitchen, including a refrigerator, sink, and cupboards.", "A small kitchen contains a refrigerator and small counter. ", "The dishes are drying on the counter top."]
["A group of people sitting on a train with lots of luggage.", "a person standing in side of a large bus", "A group of children look entertained as they travel.", "A man talks to a plane full of smiling people.", "A crowded bus has a man standing and people smiling."]
["The chef is preparing many flatbread pizza's for the lunch crowd.", "A chef making food in a restaurant kitchen.", "a man is cutting a pizza on a table", "There are people making food in a kitchen.", "Man working in a restaurant kitchen cutting a pizza."]
["An updated kitchen with modern stainless steel appliances.", "A black and gold stove top is in a kitchen.", "A very neat and nice kitchen with a newer looking stove and fridge. ", "A kitchen with a stove, table, and refrigerator.", "this kitchen has all white cabinets and silver appliances"]
["Two men riding horses near a wooden fence.", "two men in brown black and white horses", "A cowboy sits in a soft wool saddle.", "A cowboy riding a horse with another man.", "Two men upon horseback on a cloudy day."]
["A variety of pots are stored in a nook by a fireplace.", "A room contains baskets and has a fireplace. ", "A room filled with clutter and a fireplace.", "A small living room with a fireplace and work baskets.\n", "A room with a fir place and several baskets and a bench in the background."]
["a fire place in a house that is behind a rope", "A museum showing old things used several hundred years ago that is roped off.", "A room with a brick fireplace roped off with logs near it.", "An old fireplace with tools hanging on it is roped off.", "a fireplace some logs a basket and a table"]
["A woman standing in a doorway as a dog turns and looks at her.", "A large dog looks back at his owner.", "A brown and white dog and person standing on a wooden floor.", "A dog is looking at a woman in the kitchen.", "The dog is looking up at a woman."]
["A counter top with a plate containing a slice of pizza.", "this is a slice of pizza on a yellow plate", "Slice of quiche next to a bloody mary in a cluttered kitchen.", "A slice of pie next to a drink is taken from the whole pie on a stove. ", "A plate of food and a cup on a counter."]
["a kitchen with a table a stove and a sink", "A kitchen with a small wooden table near the stove.", "A kitchen with a cutting board, stove and spice rack.", "A small, neat, simple kithcen with lots of cupboards and a small work table in the middle of the room.", "A kitchen has white cabinets, a wooden island, and a red pictcher holding various instruments."]
["Chef preparing meals doe guests at restaurant or oriental foods.", "A chef is preparing food in a kitchen.", "a chef cooking food on a grill and people at the smorgasbord ", "a man in a chef hat looks at some food ", "A male chef preparing food in a restaurant."]
["The toaster adorned with a face sits atop the tiled surface.", "A photo of a toaster make to look like a creature using utensils. ", "a toaster was made into a metal character ", "A wrench is in front of a toaster with a face on a countertop.", "A toaster has the look of an angry man."]
["a sculpture made of spoons and an old toaster", "A toaster in a kitchen with a face on top of a counter.", "A toaster has several silver spoons around it.", "A toaster, spoons and a wrench are on the counter.", "The quizzical toaster with spoon feet also has facial features.\n"]
["A bike is parked alongside the lake shore.", "A bike is parked on the grass in front of the lake. ", "A bicycle is parked on the lawn across from a bridge. ", "Mountain bike parked on grass near edge of water.", "a bike sits parked next to a body of water "]
["A bike rider rests on his bike as he looks at his phone.", "The man sits on his bike and reads the note.", "A man wearing a green trucker hat, jeans and at black and white striped long sleeved shirt, leaning against his bicycle.", "A man propped up against a bike looking at a cell phone.", "A man on the sidewalk leaning against his bicycle."]
["A bathroom scene with a toilet, sink and a suitcase.", "The modern looking toilet is in a green alcove.", "a bathroom with a sink a gray suitcase and a toilet", "a bathroom with white rugs and toilet and a big suitcase as well", "A odd white circular and futuristic looking bathroom"]
["a dog rests in a basket on a bike ", "An adorable dog sitting in a brown baskets on top of a bike.", "Small dog peeking out of a basket on a motorcycle.", "A puppy in a shaded basked on a bicycle.", "A very cute brown dog in a basket on a bike."]
["A woman sitting on a toilet wearing pink shoes.", "A pair of red sneakers next to a bathroom toilet. ", "A person in jeans and red sneakers stands next to a toilet.", "Feet wearing red tennis shoes stands next to a white toilet on a tile floor.", "Someone is standing in front of the toilet."]
["A large hairy dog on a leash next to a crowd.", "A dog is on the ground near people and a bike.", "a white and brown dog on its leash and some people", "A dog on a leash near a group of people.", "A dog being walked through a group of people.", "A dog on a leash and people and bicycles in the background."]
["A black and white photograph of men on bicycles in a city.", "The men on the bicycles are all wearing suits.", "A black and white picture of people on bikes", "A black and white photo of people riding bikes", "Bicyclists dressed in vintage attire sit on a city street with modern cars."]
["A bathroom with a sink under a huge vanity mirror.", "An apartment is lit up and a bathroom is displayed.", "A bathroom that features a vanity cabinet with sink, commode, overhead cabinet and mirror. ", "A neat and tidy modern bathroom with large mirror.", "A view of a bathroom showing vanity, toilet and shower."]
["a man riding a red bicycle watching a bird in the water", "a bird stands in water was a person passes by on a bike ", "a man on a bike moving besides waters and a long bird standing on it", "Man riding a bike on the other side of the pond with a bird in it.", "A bicyclist looking at a stork in shallow water."]
["A bathroom sink with lots of lights above it.", "A bathroom featuring soft lighting and black towels.", "a bathroom that has a sink and some lights", "A well lit sink in a clean bathroom", "Many lights are above the sink mirror near a towel rack."]
["A person taking a selfie in a bathroom mirror.", "There is the reflection of a man in a mirror.", "A person taking a picture of a bathroom with their reflection in the mirror.", "A batroom with mirrors and sinks with a reflection of two people in a mirror while one takes a picture.", "A bathroom mirror with a sink and a reflection of a man in it."]
["the Bike is parked next to a fence", "A red bike rests against a wrought iron fence. ", "a parked bike sits in front of a statue ", "A red bike in front of a statue and cannons", "A red bicycle parked by a metal fence that surrounds a monument and park."]
["A person taking a selfie in front of a large mirror.", "A person looks at their reflection in a bathroom mirror.", "a toilet a man in a blue shirt a mirror and sink", "A bathroom that has several pictures on the wall.", "A man in a blue shirt looks at himself in a bathroom mirror."]
["A bathroom with a sink and toilet and dark hardwood floor. ", "A simple bathroom is shown with a bowl sink", "The bathroom is clean and ready for us to use. ", "looking into a bathroom with sink and toilet", "A bathroom with a brown floor, white toilet and a sink with a bowl"]
["A group of young people are sitting on a concrete divider.", "A picture of a person sitting down by a bike.", "Man and a woman watch another man on his phone next to his bike. ", "A person sitting on a wall ledge near the water with a bike next to him and tow other people sitting together on the wall a short distance from him.", "People sitting on a concrete barrier by the ocean."]
["A mirror and soap dispenser in a bathroom.", "a close up of a soap and towel dispenser ", "A small yellow bathroom compartment with soap and paper hand towels.", "A shelf area with a pump bottle of lotion.", "A bottle of soap on a sink under a mirror. "]
["A bathroom with a white tub next to a sink and toilet.", "A bathroom with a toilet, tub,sink, shower connection and hand mirror.", "BATHROOM WITH SMALLER SIZE SINK AND TUB, WITH WOOD FLOOR", "A bathtub has its faucet on the side.", "A great full shot of the bathroom with wooden floor. "]
["A bike parked in front of a wooden structure.", "a bike parked near a building near a window", "A bicycle near a building with signs and a window", "Building with store name and antiques in front. ", "An old bicycle sits outside the window of a building."]
["People are standing and talking on a city street.", "A woman with a red tutu standing in the middle of a city street. ", "People standing in the street on the other side of a traffic signal.", "A few people are having a conversation on the side of the road while a lady on a bike observes. ", "Woman in a red tutu with a bicycle on a European city street"]
["A bathroom containing a toilet, sink, window, and bath tub.", "A very large rest room with a shower and a tub.", "Bathroom with white toilet, vanity sink, tub and oak door with outside window.", "a sink, tolite and bathtub in a white tile walled bathroom", "A cream bathroom with red accents and open window."]
["A small bathroom with a dark vanity and tiled floor.", "A bathroom with a city landscape shower curtain", "This bathroom has an interesting city theme primarily in black and white.", "Looking into a bathroom decorated in black and white tones.", "A sleek modern bathroom is decorated nicely with the exception of the entrance rug."]
["A bicycle replica with a clock as the front wheel.", "The bike has a clock as a tire.", "A black metal bicycle with a clock inside the front wheel.", "A bicycle figurine in which the front wheel is replaced with a clock\n", "A clock with the appearance of the wheel of a bicycle "]
["A room filled with furniture and curtains on top of carpet.", "A look into a very tiny narrow rest room.", "A blue towl is hanging on a rack on the bathroom door.", "View into a cramped bathroom with shower, toilet, and sink.", "An open bathroom with a skyscraper shower curtain"]
["A bathroom with a tub next to a toilet and a sink.", "A Bathroom that was recently cleaned is empty.", "a bathroom with a sink, tub, toilet and trash can.", "A photo of a full organized old style bathroom.", "a bath room with a toilet a bath tub and a sink"]
["A bicycle chained to a pole in the city ", "A bike parked next to a metal pole near a street.", "A bike locked on the side of the street with a bus and a car driving on the road.", "The bicycle is leaning on a pole on the street.", "A bicycle on the sidewalk and a bus on the street."]
["A bathroom has a self standing sink on the wall.", "A bathroom that has a light on inside.", "A bathroom is lit up with a dim yellow light.", "A white sink under a mirror beside a window.", "Large mirror over sink in a room with tiled floors and large window."]
["A person on a bike is next to a train on the tracks. ", "A man waits to cross the railroad tracks as two trains cross.", "A man in a blue hat on a bike behind a train. ", "A man on his bicycle waits for two trains to pass by.", "there is a man crossing the tracks on a bike"]
["A welcome sign over a road with cars driving underneath", "Cars coming into a city passing under a welcome sign.", "The street is crowded under a busy street.", "A sign for a town called Golden that arches over the road.", "A BUSY ROAD WITH CARS PASSING BY IN BOTH LANES."]
["The cat is sitting underneath the parked car. ", "A long haired cat crouched under the back of a car.", "A cat that is laying down on the ground.", "a close up of a cat laying under a car ", "A cat underneath a car on the pavement looking Rome underneath "]
["A dog driving a car down a street past a truck.", "A dog is sitting behind the wheel of a vehicle.", "A picture of a dog sitting in the driver's seat of a car.", "A sepia picture of a dog at the wheel of a vehicle.", "a dog is sitting behind the wheel of a car"]
["A car seat covered in a piece of cake and frosting.", "Junk in green and other colors sit on a car seat.", "A bunch of garbage is on a car seat.", "Broken glass is shown in the seat of a car.", "A phone lies amid shattered glass on a car seat."]
["some cups are sitting on top of a toilet", "The broken toilet is outside of the building.", "a toilet  near some doors with cops on it ", "An unattached toilet sits on a sidewalk with coffee mugs on its lid", "Two tea cup mugs are on top of a toilet."]
["a toilet a toilet brush tiles and a door handle", "A small tiled bathroom with a toilet and toilet cleaning brushes. ", "a toilet that is attached on a wall", "The bathroom is clean and ready to be used.", "A white toilet sitting next to a toilet brush."]
["A group of motorcycle riders on the road.", "People on motorbikes driving down a road during a sunset.", "A motorcyclist riding down the road, with a sun in the background,", "Motorcycles are riding down the road toward the sun. ", "a couple of people on motor bikes ride through a street "]
["The motorbike is driving on a dusty road.", "A racing motor bike with two people on it making a right turn.", "Two people on a motorcycle kicking up dirt.", "Two people in a motorcycle on a dirt race track", "A person racing on a motorcycle on a dirt track."]
["A bathroom with a toilet and a toilet paper dispenser.", "A toilet and a door open next to the toilet\n", "A man reflected in a mirror standing next to a toilet.", "A modern toilet in a a cool modern bathroom.", "A toilet seat that is white and clean with toilet paper within easy access."]
["A man riding a red scooter down the street.", "A man and two dogs are riding a scooter.", "A man riding a scooter with a dog on it. ", "Man and dog on scooter in city street on sunny day.", "A man and a dog that are on a moped."]
["a person riding a motorcycle on a closed course ", "A person on a motorcycle taking a curve.", "A motorcyclists racing a motorcycle on a race track.", "a man on a motorcycle making a turn around a track corner", "A motorcycle rider leans into the turn at a sharp angle."]
["A man riding on the back of a red motorcycle.", "A man stops his motorcycle to read the advertisement on the bus bench.", "A man on rd motorcycle next to graffiti of birds.", "A man on a motorcycle looks at wall graffiti. ", "A man on a red motorcycle driving past a mural."]
["a person driving a motorcycle on a closed course", "A motorcycle is racing around on a track.", "A motorcycle race going on during the day on some track.", "A person on a race track riding a motorcycle.", "a person racing on a motorcycle on a race track."]
["A cluttered bathroom with a toilet and sink.", "A small very messy rest room with many books.", "A room with a toilet, a sink and a bookcase full of books.", "A room with a toilet basin, sink and lots of books on the shelves", "A bathroom with a book case in it with stacks of books in front of the toilet. "]
["A blue clock on the top of a stone building.", "A stone fashioned church includes a bright blue clock hanging on the side.", "A stone church with a blue clock on the outside wall. ", "A clock with roman numerals on a building. ", "A close up of an old church focused on the blue clock."]
["A person is racing around a track on a motorcycle.", "A person on a motorcycle racing on a racetrack going around a sharp turn.", "A professional motorcyclist turning a bend on track", "A person is riding a motorcycle on a race track.", "a motorcycle race driver coming close to the road"]
["a person riding a motorcycle on a race track", "A man riding a motorcycle on a race tracks.", "A BIKE RACER TAKING A SHARP TURN IN A RACE.", "Motorcycle racer leaning low coming out of a turn.", "Rider leaning close to the ground on a motorcycle. "]
["A man walking down a road with a horse and carriage coming at him.", "A horse and carriage are going down a narrow street.", "A horse-drawn carriage traveling down a city road.", "A person walking down a city street with a hat.", "two horses pulling a carriage down the road"]
["a tiled bathroom with a toilet and scale in it ", "A bathroom with a toilet and a scale.", "A top down view of a bathroom with a scale and toilet.", "A bathroom with a toilet and a scale on the floor.", "A bathroom has a toilet and a scale."]
["A motorcycle parked next to a group of electrical boxes.", "A motorcycle parked on a sidewalk near an outside cafe.", "The motorcycle is parked in front of the wrought iron fence.", "A motorcycle parked in front of an outdoor area.  ", "A police motorcycle parked near a fence and outdoor tables."]
["A man is almost touching the ground while riding his motorcycle.", "A motorcyclist leans very far to make a turn.", "A professional motorcycle rider leaning into a turn.", "a man is leaning tight on a motorcycle", "a man riding a motorcycle on a track "]
["A man riding a motorcycle down a city street.", "A person in the street on a motor cycle while many people line the side of the road.", "A motor scooter parked in the street with a crowd waiting for a parade.", "Two children talking to helmeted man on motorcycle along parade route. ", "Children are standing near a motorcycle during a parade."]
["A man riding a motorcycle on a racing track.", "The motorcycle is on an extreme inward slant coming out of the turn.", "A person on a racing motorcycle making a sharp right turn.", "A person wearing a helmet rides a motorcycle.", "A person riding a motorcycle around a tight turn on a race track."]
["A man riding a motorcycle on a race track.", "A professional motor cycle racer on the racetrack", "A racing motorcyclist leans around a corner on the track.", "A motorcycle racer on a track leaning into a curve.", "Racing motorbike on turn leaning over, dressed in blue and light green uniform."]
["The motorcycle racer leans down to the road while making a turn. ", "A man racing a motorcycle leans into a curve", "A person on a motorcycle makes a turn on the track.", "Professional motorcycle racer in extreme lean on a race course.", "Motorcycle rider and a black outfit riding on a course. "]
["The german shepherd is guarding the front of the barred door,", "A black and white photo of a german shepard laying outside of a door.", "a building that has a dog out front", "A German Shepherd lies next to a gated door.", "A German shepherd laying in front of a door."]
["A man rides a black motorcycle around a curve.", "A man is racing a black motorbike around a race track. ", "A cyclist is racing around a track making a sharp turn.", "A person driving a motor cycle down the road.", "A person riding a motorcycle taking a steep turn."]
["A man riding on the back of an ATV.", "A person on an ATV near a bunch of trees. ", "The police man is riding a green quad.", "A person with a helmet on a vehicle in the grass.", "A man in a uniform is on a four wheeler."]
["Two pieces of fruit sitting on a plate beside a stack of books.", "a couple of oranges are on a bowl\n", "A student's desk with piles of textbooks, electronic equipment, and a snack of fresh fruit.", "Two oranges sitting on a plate on a desk.", "Two pieces of fruit sit on a plate on a table full of books."]
["This office area is organized with many notes and materials.", "An office with lots of things on the wall", "A computer desk with a flat screen monitor and lots of stuff.", "A computer desk with a desktop computer and office supplies.", "A desk with many books and pictures on it."]
["A professional motorcycle driver riding his bike on the track.", "Motorcycle racer making a turn on paved course during race.", "A cyclist on a race course during a competitive motorcycle event.", "A professional motorcycle rider leaning into a curve.", "the person is riding a motorcycle around a corner"]
["Motor bike taking a fast turn on a track.", "A racer is taking a sharp turn with knee on the pavement.", "A man riding a motorcycle and turning steeply, leaning sideways.", "someone on a motorcycle is leaning into a turn", "a person riding a motorcycle on a closed course "]
["an orange motor cycle sitting by the water", "A new black and yellow motorcycle on the sea beach.", "A motorcycle on a sidewalk, with a river in view behind it", "A motorcycle parked on the beach near a body of water.", "an orange and black motorcycle parked next to some water"]
["a bunch of ripe bananas sitting on a table.", "A bunch of slightly over ripe fingerling bananas.", "A group of small, yellow, aged banana's connected together.", "Spoiling brown bananas are shown on a bunch.", "A close up of a bunch of ripened bananas."]
["A man is riding a motorcycle down a wet sidewalk. ", "A man riding a motorcycle in the rain on a sidewalk. ", "A man is riding a motor bike down the street", "A man in white shirt riding on a motorcycle on a busy street.", "A man is driving a motorcycle in the rain."]
["A welcome mat placed at the foot of a closed door.", "A black doorway with a welcome mat in front of it.", "a door mat in front of a door with a vase near by", "A black door with a welcome mat and yellow vase next to it.", "A welcome mat and a yellow vase outside apartment 407."]
["A dog sleeping between a book bag and a shredder, underneath a computer desk ", "A desk with a laptop computer, a monitor, and a keyboard with a dog sleeping underneath", "A desk with a laptop and desktop computer.", "A dog laying underneath a computer desk with a laptop computer and monitor on top of it.", "A desk with a laptop and computer on it and a dog laying under it. "]
["A group of wooden benches sitting on top of a wooden deck.", "a small restaurant with wooden benches in front", "A bench table is under a white umbrella on the outside of a restaurant. ", "some brown tables with umbrellas windows and wooden deck", "there are many tables and umbrellas outside this restaurant "]
["this motorcycle rider is wearing the same colors as his bike", "person on a green and orange motorcycle in motion", "A motorcyclist takes a corner on a speed bike. ", "A biker riding a motorcycle on the track.", "A person rides a motorcycle down a road."]
["a number of people riding motorcycles on a city street", "Motor cycle riders in the city on a sunny day", "A group of bikers gather on their motorcycles on a downtown street.", "A group of motorcycles, half with male riders in the street at a city intersection.", "A group of people that are riding on motorcycles."]
["A group of motorcycles parked next to each other.", "A group of motorcycles that are sitting in front of a building.", "a row of motorcycles in front of umbrellas and buildings", "Motorcycles lined up beside each other in the middle of the street. ", "a street that has a bunch of motorcycles in it"]
["A large open room with a long white staircase.", "A small living room in a two story house.", "A picture of someones living room in their home.", "There is a living room with chairs, a sofa and stairs.", "A room filled with furniture and a white staircase."]
["a cyclist with a motorbike moving very fast", "A person on a racing motorcycle riding on their back tire.", "A motor cycle rider pops a wheelie while riding.", "A man \"popping a wheelie\" on a blue and white motorcycle while wearing a red and white helmet. ", "A motorcycle racer doing a wheelie on his bike on the track."]
["Person on a motorcycle driving on a paved course.", "A guy riding a racer bike making a turn. ", "a motorcycle racer is going into a turn", "A professional motorcycle coming around the bend of a racetrack ", "A person in gear is on a motorcycle wearing a helmet."]
["A man riding a motorcycle on top of a race track.", "an image of a person racing on dirtbikes", "A man racing a motorcycle around a corner", "The motor bike is coming around the corner of the track.", "Motorcyclist on a white and blue bike making a turn."]
["a man on a motorcycle driving down a track ", "A motor cyclist leans while racing down a track.", "A person in gear riding a motorcycle around a track", "A man racing a motorcycle on top of a race track.", "Motorcycle racer is up on his back wheel. "]
["a long row of motorcycles parked along a sidewalk in a city", "Photograph of Police motorcycles lined up along sidewalk.", "A LOT OF CITY COP BIKES ARE LINED UP ", "a line of police motorcycles line a city street ", "Several mopeds of the same style and color parked near a curb."]
["The racer drives the motorcycle around the curve.", "A motorcycle rider rounding a bend on a green motorcycle.", "A person on a racing motorcycle making a sharp right turn.", "A person on a motor bike on a road.", "A motorcycle racer coming around a turn on a green bike."]
["A man on a motorcycle on a racetrack.", "A man rides a speed bike on a track.", "A racer on a red, white and blue motorcycle leaning into a turn.", "A racer turning into a curve on his motorcycle.", "a person riding a motorcycle on a closed course"]
["A man riding a motor cycle down a race track.", "A person on a motorcycle leaning far to the side.", "A motorcyclist racing high speed on a race track.", "A motorcycle racer heading into a turn on a track.", "A motorcycle racer leans into a turn during a race."]
["Photo taken in a car of the television on the roof.", "A view of a car with a TV in it.", "A tv mounted inside of a vehicle displaying a movie.", "The inside of a vehicle driving down a highway with a tv playing an image.", "A man on a television in a vehicle."]
["a tv on top of an entertainment center ", "A plasma tv sits atop a small shelf.", "A television sitting on a stand with video devices.", "The television is on a wooden television stand", "A very simple entertainment center with a flatscreen TV"]
["A large U.S Air Force plain sits on an asphalt ramp.", "A large propeller airplane sitting on a tarmac.", "A large military plane parked in the landing area.", "A U.S. Air Force plane sits on display.", "A picture of a plane in a runway."]
["An airport filled with large passenger jets parked next to each other.", "A fleet of airplanes rest at their gates at the airport.", "A plane sitting on a tarmac with a lots of buses.", "A Thai airways airplane at the Bangkok Airport terminal", "A fleet of buses parked on an airport tarmac beside jumbo jet airplanes."]
["A large Delta passenger jet flying through a blue sky.", "An airplane soaring into a cloudless blue sky.", "Blue sky with delta jumbo jet taking off", "A commercial airplane is ascending in the sky.", "A delta flight lifting taking off into the sky."]
["Airport workers loading luggage onto into an airplane's cargo hold.", "A plane is being loading with luggage at an airport.", "A man and luggage carts outside of an airplane.", "A large jet sitting on top of an airport tarmac.", "A plain boarding and refueling in the rain"]
["A man driving a luggage cart sitting on top of a runway.", "A small vehicle carrying some luggage carts through an airport.", "There are cargo carts on the tarmac near an airplane.\n", "A series of luggage carts at an airport.", "A small car pulling a wagon at an airport"]
["An aircraft is overtaken by maintenance workers as it sits on a landing.", "A plane on the tarmac on a wet, cloudy day. ", "a large air plane on an air port run way", "An airplane is on a tarmac surrounded by cars.", "The large aircraft is on the tarmac next to the vehicles."]
["The Space Shuttle is being transported by a NASA jumbo jet.", "An airplane carrying a space shuttle in air. ", "A space shuttle is resting on top of an airplane.", "A NASA Jet being transported by a 747 Airliner.", "Airplane flying in the sky carrying the space shuttle."]
["A person walking in the rain on the sidewalk. ", "A person walking through the rain with an umbrella.", "A person walking in the rain while holding an umbrella.", "A man walks down the strip as it rains.", "A European street scene with a person and vehicles."]
["A black and white photo of a woman asleep on a park bench surrounded by foilage.", "A woman laying down on top of a bench.", "A woman taking a nap on a park bench.", "A woman falls asleep on a park bench.", "a woman sleeps on a park bench "]
["Three people sit on a bench looking out over the water. ", "Three people sit on a bench together facing away.", "A group of people sitting on top of a bench.", "Three people sitting on a bench looking at the ocean.", "people sitting on a bench facing the water."]
["The man is sitting on the bench on the side of the building. ", "There is a man sitting on a bench holding a kane", "A black and white photo of a woman sitting on a bench.", "A man sitting on a bench holding a cane.", "A man sitting on a bench with his legs crossed. "]
["Two goat kids and one young lamb are in a field.  ", "a number of sheep standing close to one another in a field ", "Three baby lambs are standing in the field.", "Three young lambs are standing in the grassy meadow. ", "three small sheep standing on a grassy field and looking at the camera"]
["Benches surround a pond in a park in autumn.", "Two park benches by the side of a lake in the fall.", "Benches are facing the water surrounded by leaves. ", "a pond with a bunch of leafs inside of it ", "Fall foliage on display along the waterfront of a park."]
["A herd of sheep standing on top of a lush green field.", "Four sheep in a field looking at the camera.", "Four sheep, all looking in the same direction, standing in a grassy field.", "A group of lambs standing in a grassy field.", "A herd of sheep stand together in a meadow."]
["Petals gather along the edge of a pond in front of two park benches.", "Two benches surrounded by leaves near the pond.", "Some wooden benches that are facing a pond.", "Fallen leaves cover the ground and the water at a park with benches.", "Two benches on leaf covered ground near water "]
["An airplane doing maneuvers with white smoke pouring out of it's back end.", "An airplane in the sky doing a trick.", "A plane leaves a long contrail in the air.", "An airplane performing sky tricks leaving a trail behind.", "A stream of smoke from a jet in the sky."]
["An airplane flying through the gray sky with smoke pouring out it's back.", "An airplane flying straight up in the sky.", "An airplane is flying high while doing tricks.", "A dust plane is pulling sharply up into the sky while leaving a trail.", "The prop plane leaves a trail of smoke behind it."]
["a small plane is flying in the sky", "An small airplane is leaving a smoke trail.", "A biplane is trailing smoke as it flies through a clear blue sky.", "A small airplane is depicted flying through clear skies.", "A biplane laying down a trail of smoke in the air,"]
["A man in a wheelchair and another sitting on a bench that is overlooking the water.", "Two people sitting on dock looking at the ocean.", "Two older people sitting down in front of a beach.", "An old couple at the beach during the day.", "A person on a bench, and one on a wheelchair sitting by a seawall looking out toward the ocean"]
["A city street with a sign that says fun", "A shot of a street with a small cityscape in the background.", "a street sign on a corner of a street ", "A city street corner sits empty from people.", "Corner of a street with various buildings and signage."]
["A group of zebra on a grassy field.", "A herd of zebra in a green enclosure with several giraffes.", "A group of zebras and a giraffe in an enclosure.", "Four zebras and a nearby giraffe on some grass.", "A single giraffe sits on the grass behind a herd of zebras."]
["The bench on the side of the street is empty. ", "The rail of a bench that is an odd green color. ", "The frame of a bench is metal and the seat of the bench is wood.", "a green bench sitting by the side of the road ", "A close up of a green bench on a sidewalk. "]
["This a view from an airplane of the landscape below.", "A view from a window on board an airplane flying in the sky.", "An overhead view of a landscape from a plane.", "The right wing of an airplane as it flies over a mountain range.", "A plane taking in the view of a mountainside."]
["A distant view from high up in the sky in a window.", "Looking out from a jet plane over the mountains.", "A view from an airplane of mountains with a partial snow-cap ", "A view outside of an airplane window of a wing over a mountain range.", "A wing view of a plane overlooking a mountain area."]
["A view from an airplane flying over a mountainous region.", "The view out of an airplane with part of the wing.", "A view of a mountain range is seen from an airplane.", "Looking out of an airplane at mountains and a river below", "A photo taken from an airplane looking down at the mountains."]
["A tree sitting next to a bench near a lake.", "A person is sitting on the picnic table looking out over the lake.", "The park scene shows a lake with ducks. ", "A person sitting at a picnic table near a lake. ", "A person sits on a picnic table watching ducks near the lake."]
["there is a treat sign says alameda street ", "A close up of a street sign against a clear blue sky.", "A stop light with a modern attached street sign.", "A street sign reading 'Alameda Street' is shown, with a skyscraper in the background.", "The sign that reads \"Alameda Street\" is next to the stop light."]
["A person sitting in a chair with the ocean in front of them.", "A man sits upon an overlook while a sailboat travels in the background.", "Man sitting on bench at elevated observation area overlooking waterway.", "A man sitting on a bench on a stone balcony overlooking the ocean.", "a man on a stone terrace on large body of water"]
["A street with a graffiti post on the corner. ", "The street isn't very busy this time of day.", "A blue pole that is sitting on the road.", "The traffic light is lit up on red.", "a post with flags on it outside "]
["A row of United States Army military fighter jets.", "An old World War II plan has been refurbished and modernized", "a fighter jet sits parked next to another plane ", "a large airplane that is sitting on a runway", "An army airplane parked at the airport beside another airplane"]
["A large United States Air Force plane sitting on a tarmac at an airport.", "A series of planes and jet airliners on a sandy area.", "The large airplane has very large wings near many other planes.", "many air planes on a run way with a sky background", "Air Force plane on a runway with several other planes."]
["A street with cars on it is shown.", "A city street has cars, motorcycles, a taxi, and a bus.", "A busy traffic filled street in front or large  buildings.", "A taxi turned sideways on a busy road.", "a yellow car turning on a somewhat busy road"]
["a cute baby giraffe standing next to a bigger giraffe ", "A couple of giraffe standing next to some grass.", "One adult and one minor giraffe walking around. ", "Two giraffes, one large one child size are standing in front of some artificial looking rocks.", "A baby giraffes standing next to a large giraffe, in a man made enclosure."]
["A cat sits on a bench next to another bench.", "A black cat and a man sitting on some benches.", "A cat sitting on a park bench with a man sitting on a bench in the background", "A black cat sitting on top of a wooden bench.", "A man sitting on a wooden bench with cat in the foreground."]
["A small plane flying over the woods near a mountain", "A plane that is flying over some trees.", "A low-hanging cloud shrouding the top of a mountain.", "A airplane is flying over a forested mountain. ", "A white airplane flies over mountains and forests."]
["A sea plane about to land on a lake near a boat", "A biplane flying over a tugboat on a body of water.", "A scenic lake with a tug boat and small air craft close over head, pine forest in the background. ", "a small boat in a large body of water", "A small plane flies over boat in the river."]
["That aircraft is for display not for riding.", "A very nice looking plane on display in a big room.", "The old single engine plane is on display under lights.", "a small air plane on a stage on display", "a propeller plane sits parked inside of a building "]
["An airplane sitting on the tarmac in front of a hanger.", "A small single engine plane sitting outside a hangar.", "A deep red and white airplane sitting in front of a hanger.", "A red small red plane on a tarmac  near a hangar.", "A small colorful plane sits on the tarmac in front of a hangar."]
["A couple of giraffe in a field near some trees.", "A couple of giraffes are on a field by rocks and palm trees.", "Two giraffes standing in a rocky type of grassland with a few trees.", "A giraffe stands near trees as another stands in the field.", "Giraffes on dry rocky hillside near palm trees."]
["A statue of a giraffe in a park setting.", "A full view of an adult giraffe standing on a grassy lawn.", "a giraffe posing for a photo by eating leaves", "A statue of a giraffe is situated on a path next to the bushes.  ", "A girafee is standing tall in the middle of a lawn. "]
["Two orange and silver trains passing on a street.", "The city bus is filled with people traveling. ", "Two buses driving with people walking in between them.", "A pair of orange and silver buses rolling along the road.", "people walking with public transit busses on a street"]
["Several people standing together with a red stoplight behind them.", "A woman standing next to a man near a traffic light.", "A woman wearing a white shit and apron standing by a man in front of a traffic light.", "A woman in an apron and a man standing by a stoplight ", "A black woman wearing a white apron standing in front of a red light."]
["This quaint backyard has a shed and a bench", "A SMALL GARDEN WITH A WOOD OUT HOUSE AND BENCH ", "A yard with a wooden fence is covered in grass and lined with potted plants.", "The small yard is tidy and green, with a shed in the corner.", "A small enclose garden area is shown in a backyard."]
["a black bench is in front of a window", "a brick building a black bench a window and curtains", "A metal bench sitting in front of a window.", "A view of a window with a bench underneath it. ", "A metal bench outside of a brick building's window."]
["A man is standing near some graves, water, and a bus. ", "A man walking on the edge of what looks like a pond", "A tour tram going down a track past a small pond.", "A man walking along a gravel path while his reflection shows in some water.", "A gentleman walking around the edge of a pool as a bus goes by."]
["A small giraffe laying in the sand by a fence", "A giraffe sitting in front of a wall of concrete and rope.", "A cute giraffe sitting on the ground in a zoo exhibit. ", "A giraffe lies down in a caged area while two small animals sit on his head.", "A baby giraffe lying on the ground in it's pen."]
["Bus traveling through a city in front of a clock tower.", "A London double-decker bus drives by Big Ben.", "A red double decker bus drives by Big Ben and other buildings.", "A large double decker bus driving next to Big Ben. ", "A double decker bus on a London street at night."]
["A close up of a grey traffic light with a left turn sign under. ", "People on the sidewalk of a building near a stop light.", "A pole holding a traffic sign and two traffic lights in front of a building. ", "there is a blue left turn sign on this street pole", "A traffic light that has the no walk signal lit up."]
["White sheep grazing in a grass pasture near stone walls.", "There is a herd of sheep grazing near a wall", "A herd of sheep graze at the base of a mountain.", "Sheep graze in a valley under a clear blue sky.", "A flock of sheep grazing in the countryside."]
["Three giraffes are eating food from the feeder.", "there are three giraffes embracing in the wild", "three giraffes are together in their pen and some trees", "Three giraffes eating from a tall tree together.", "Three giraffes reaching for leaves on a tall tree."]
["Giraffe walking around a grassy field under a cloudy sky.", "A group of giraffes in the wild and one is eating", "Four giraffes in a grassy field with trees. ", "four different giraffes in the jungle eating food", "Several giraffes are grazing and hanging out together."]
["Three giraffes behind a wire fence next to a tree.", "a group of giraffes behind a wire fence.", "A group of giraffes stand in a grassy enclosure near a tree.", "Three giraffes are standing around in a fenced off area", "There are three giraffes in a zoo standing around."]
["a bunch of sheep are standing in a snowy field", "Small group of sheep grazing on grass in snow covered field.", "A bunch of sheep are huddled together on snow-dusted grass in the evening.", "The sheep huddle together to graze at dusk on the snow covered lawn.", "A herd of sheep standing on top of a snow covered field."]
["Both benches have a caution notice on them. ", "Yellow caution tape on some park benches. ", "A couple of benches sitting along a path next to a green field.", "there are two black benches with tape on them", "Benches in a park with broken caution tape on them."]
["A little girl sitting on top of a bench in a  park.", "A young girl in a blue dress with yellow flowers on a bench", "A little girl sitting on a park bench holding a flower.", "There is a child that is sitting on the ground", "A girl sitting on a bench holding a flower."]
["Guy sitting on ground in the middle of the street with traffic light behind him", "The man is sitting down in the middle of the intersection.", "A man in purple jacket and khakis sitting on a street.", "A man sits in the street in front of a stop light.", "A man sits on a pebbled street in front of a red light"]
["A bench next to a tree in a park. ", "A park bench against a tree next to a covered area with benches under it.", "A bench is placed next to a tree in the grass.", "A bench sits against a tree in a park", "A view of a bench against a tree in the open."]
["A group of giraffes in a fenced in enclosure.", "A group of giraffes in and enclosed environment.", "Giraffes in a fenced area in front of palm trees", "A young giraffe sitting on the ground, and an older one standing up, look beyond their fenced enclosure.", "A baby giraffe laying on top of a ground in a zoo."]
["A giraffe laying on the ground near a fence.", "a giraffe sitting on the ground inside a pen", "A giraffe sitting down look out of a cage", "the giraffes is laying on the floor ", "Giraffe kneeling on dirt near wire fence near tropical plants."]
["A giraffe is poking its nose into a girl's beverage cup.", "A group of young children admiring a small giraffe.", "A group of children feeding and petting a giraffe.", "a close up of a giraffe near some kids", "Some little kids that are touching an animal."]
["A bench sits all alone on a beach looking at the magnificent ocean view.", "A vacant beach shows a single bench facing the ocean.", "An empty bench on a late day beach.", "A bench sitting on top of a sandy beach next to the ocean.", "a bench on a beach near a body of water"]
["A traffic light and cars on a street.", "A busy city street is clogged with traffic.", "The view of a large urban area under a cloudy sky.", "intersection with a red straight arrow in a busy area of town.", "the street is filled with lots of cars"]
["A sheep that sheep stands in the dry grass.", "A small lamb standing on top of a grass covered field.", "A baby lamb standing in the middle of grassy patch.", "a gray baby goat standing in a field ", "Goat standing in grassy field with mixed dry grass. "]
["A bench partially buried in sand on a beach near the ocean.", "a bench on a beach near the water", "A wooden bench on a sandy beach front.", "An especially high tide washes over a bench on the beach.", "A bench on a beach with sand piled up around its legs."]
["A bus on a street that only allows buses.", "A public bus goes into the bus only area.", "A white bus driving past a do not enter sign.", "A sign says \"Do Not Enter Busses Only\" next to a bus. ", "There is a bus parked and a street sign next to a bush."]
["An old bus is parked in front of a market. ", "A red buses on a wet paved road by vendors undercover walkway, and one vender on curb with an umbrella over table.", "A large long bus on a city street.", "An old, red bus pulls up to a fruit market.", "this is a red bus driving in the rain"]
["A bunch of antelopes are seen roaming the plains.", "An animal standing on top of a grass and plant covered hillside.", "Horned sheep running up a steep, rocky hill in the sun", "The animals is running in the  desert", "some animals are standing in a desert area"]
["A bench in some grass that is next to a building.", "The bench is in front of the large building.", "A bench sitting outside a building with a lot of windows", "In front of a residential building a patch of grass and a bench.", "A park bench in grassy area next to buildings."]
["A traffic light at a intersection with vehicles.", "A traffic light turns red at the intersection of a mountain town.", "A man is sitting at a stoplight with belongings by his side.", "A man is sitting on the corner of an intersection.", "A man is sitting at the corner near a traffic light."]
["A rusted pair of chairs next to a table outside in the woods. ", "a couple of old seats in the grass", "A run down wooden bench sitting on top of grass.", "A very eroded and rusted bench in a tall field", "A old, beat up piece of outdoor furniture.  "]
["Two people are looking in a mirror near a traffic light and fire hydrant.", "A portrait of a man standing and another with a cell phone taking a photo", "A man is taking a picture of himself through a mirror. ", "A man and woman standing beside a fire hydrant taking a photo.", "A couple of people standing in front of a mirror near a fire hydrant."]
["A red fire hydrant stands on the sidewalk by the street.", "There is a red fire hydrant on a street sidewalk", "There is a red fire hydrant on the side of road.", "A red fire hydrant sitting on the side of a street.", "A red fire hydrant on the sidewalk of a street."]
["There is a yellow fire hydrant on the side of a street.", "Closeup of a yellow fire hydrant on sidewalk.", "A yellow fire hydrant near the curb of a street.", "A yellow fire hydrant is on a rural street.", "A yellow fire hydrant on the curb near the street. "]
["A bench out by a hedge by the woods ", "there is a bench in the field surrounded by grass walls", "A bench that is near a large bush. ", "A wooden bench sitting in the middle of a grassy area near a bunch of bushes ", "A wooden bench with rock legs is placed in front of a hedgerow. "]
["Four people sitting on a bench looking at the water", "Four people sitting on a bench looking at the water.", "The backs of four people sitting on a bench while looking at the ocean.", "Four people sitting on a bench looking at the lake.", "Four people are sitting on a bench overlooking the water."]
["A trash can made to look like a soup can.", "A LARGE TRASH CAN IN THE SHAPE OF A SOUP CAN IS ON A STREET", "A garbage can, which is made to look like a can of soup, sits on the sidewalk.", "The trash can is painted like a Campbell's Soup can.", "A garbage can painted like a soup can next to a fire hydrant."]
["a ram is eating some food from a wood trough", "A curly horned ram dines on fodder from a trough.", "A ram eating feed out of a trough", "A lamb is eating food in the trough ", "A ram sheep feeding from a wooden trough. "]
["Giraffes eating foliage in a wooded zoo setting", "Three giraffe standing next to a fence under a lot of trees.", "A set of three giraffes stand in front of a row of trees and bushes. ", "Three giraffes standing in a zoo enclosure with trees.", "Three giraffes standing next to concrete structures in front of trees."]
["A long bus driving on a city street past a building.", "Two busses sit in front of a building next to some traffic cones.", "The bus taking the passengers to their destination.", "A bus is turning down the street next to a building.", "A Highland Express tour bus is turning onto the street."]
["a couple of birds are standing in a field", "Several geese and ducks sitting and resting on the grass.", "A flock of ducks sitting on top of lush green grass.", "A couple of ducks laying on the green grass.", "Many ducks sit in a group on the grass. "]
["A red fire hydrant next to a h sign", "BRIGHT RED FIRE HYDRANT WITH A SIGN NEXT TO IT", "A red fire hydrant that is sitting in front of a building.", "A red fire hydrant with a sign posted near it on the street.", "A red fire hydrant on the side of the road by a Hospital sign. "]
["A gray fire hydrant sitting next to a green hedge.", "A fire hydrant with a strange face on it.", "A fire hydrant on the side of the road with a glass human head on top. ", "a fire hydrant with a mans head on it", "A fire hydrant in front of bushes with a glass face on top of it."]
["Small black bird standing on a wooden table or deck.", "A small black and blue bird standing on a wooden surface.", "A black bird sits on a piece of wood.", "A black bird standing on a wooden table top", "A black crow is sitting in the table."]
["A yellow and silver fire hydrant on the side of a road.", "Older yellow fire hydrant and a human shadow on the sidewalk.", "A rusted yellow fire hydrant in the middle of the sidewalk", "A rusty old fire hydrant sitting on a sidewalk.", "The yellow fire hydrant is rusted on the sidewalk. "]
["A row of wooden poles with seagulls resting on them.", "Two seagulls perched on the ends of a pier", "A couple of small birds on a wooden pole.", "Birds are sitting on posts near the water.", "Seagulls sitting on pier posts in the sun"]
["A very tall building with a plaque hanging off of it's side.", "A tree and fire hydrant in front of a bank", "A blue and silver fire hydrant on a sloping sidewalk.", "There is a fire hydrant by the window of a building.", "fire hydrant on the sidewalk in front of a bank"]
["A group of birds and a man in a small boat.", "Some birds are standing on a patch of sand.", "A group if birds that are by the water.", "A flock of birds floating in the middle of a lake.", "Birds on sand in the middle of a body of water with a man kayaking on the water nearby."]
["A cat standing near a dead bird with some words on the picture", "Words describe a cat that stares up at the camera", "The cat brought in the bird that he killed. ", "A cat that is looking up, standing next to a dead bird.", "a cat is featured inside of a meme "]
["A green commuter bus pulling into the bus station ", "The people are talking while the bus makes a stop.", "This Southern National passenger bus is bound for Ashburton.", "A family waits for a tour bus to pass.", "an image of a green bus dropping of passengers"]
["Water is spewing form the ground while people watch on.", "a bunch of fire fighters look at a broken fire hydrant ", "a lot of water leaking from a city street shooting in to the air", "A high pressure water main break that's spewing a lot of water.", "A couple of men viewing a large water spout from a fire hydrant."]
["A fire hydrant sitting next to a tree in a forest.", "A tall red fire hydrant in the middle of a wooded area.", "A wooded area with a fire hydrant in the area. ", "There is a fire hydrant in the woods next to trees.", "A tree in the woods somewhere during a sunny day."]
["A  horse in the water next to the birds", "A horse getting a drink of water in a shallow grassland area.", "A horse and his new friends drink at the same marsh.", "A horse is surrounded by white birds in a watering hole.", "A brown horse with ducks standing in water and drinking water."]
["a man that is petting a big giraffe", "A man with sunglasses standing on the outside of a fence with a giraffe reaching over the fence to eat from his hand.", "A smiling man, wearing sunglasses, cups a hand under the mouth of a giraffe that has put its head over the top of a wood and wire fence to nuzzle at the side of the man. ", "there is a man that is hand feed a giraffe", "A man feeding a giraffe at a park"]
["A few different colorfully designed trucks, as people approach. ", "Several vans, with unique paint jobs, are parked next to each other.", "A van with a painting of New York City and The Statue of Liberty on it.", "A bunch of vans that are sitting on the street.", "Buses in a third-world country are colorfully decorated."]
["A herd of sheep standing in a snow covered field.", "Brown sheep are in a pasture covered in snow.", "A sheep has snow covering its face and neck", "Brown sheep in a snow covered field, front sheep has a snow beard.", "A flock of woolly sheep graze on a snowy pasture."]
["A highway sign sitting on the side of a highway.", "THERE IS A HIGHWAY WITH SIGNS ON THE SIDE OF IT ", "A quiet highway with a street sign up ahead.", "US eastbound Interstate 10 highway at Exit 352", "Driving on the highway towards an exit ramp with brush on both sides."]
["A street sign posted to a pole that reads no through road.", "A road with a sign stating it is not a through road.", "A street sign on a pole on a paved street.", "A narrow road in a suburban area with a sign posted on a pole.", "The road sign states that the road it a dead end."]
["A person in the kitchen,  putting a large turkey in the oven. ", "A man is placing a turkey into an oven.", "A person putting a roasting tin containing turkey or chicken into an oven", "A woman cooking food over a stove top in a kitchen.;", "A man putting a turkey into the oven."]
["A group of men on a city side walk.", "Older people standing around a podium and light set", "Several people walking on a open city street.", "Several gentlemen standing on a street near a blue bus.", "They've gotten off the bus to stretch their legs for a few minutes."]
["A red stop sign topped with street signs.", "A street intersection with a stop sign and street signs.", "Back side of stop sign with cross street signage.", "The street signs are directing people where to go. ", "A group of street signs with a cloudy blue sky in the background."]
["A red stop sign sitting under two green street signs.", " Stop sign and other street signs with a building in the background", "A stop sign at an intersection with trees and a building behind it.", "Two street signs on top of a stop sign.", "A stop sign on the corner of Spring Street and 11th Street."]
["A giraffe is standing under a tall tree.", "A giraffe standing behind a tree with tall grass and trees in the background.", "A giraffe is standing near a tree and tall grass.", "An animal that is under a tree in the daytime.", "A giraffe stands under the shade of a tree."]
["Two birds sitting on a large rock next to a river.", "Two colorful birds sitting on rocks by water", "Two ducks are resting on a rock near the river.", "an image of birds that are perched on rocks", "Two large birds stand on a rock near a river."]
["A small white bird standing on top of a dirt field.", "A bird sits in the medium brown colored sand.", "A bird walking through the sand and looking for food.", "A seagull standing on a beach observantly looking.", "The bird is standing in the sand alone."]
["A street light stands in front of a Best Buy.", "There is a sign on a building that says best buy.", "The store sign is clearly visible on the front of the building.", "The building has a big blue sign on top.", "A Best Buy sign is shown on the outside of a building."]
["A bird walking along a beach with a rock it its mouth.", "A bird walks on the shore with something in its mouth.", "an image of a pelican with a rock in its mouth", "A bird walking on a beach with something it it's mouth", "A seagull at the beach with food in its mouth"]
["Wild bird standing out at the water's edge", "A large bird is standing in the water by some rocks.", "Large bird standing on the rocks in the water.", "A blue heron standing at the edge of body of water.", "A bird is standing at the shore of the blue water. "]
["Four birds are walking on the sand near water.", "A flock of seagulls standing on the beach.", "Group of seagulls standing next to a body of water.", "A group of birds stand majestically on the shore.", "A group of birds that are standing in the sand."]
["A white and gray bird sitting on a beach next to a body of water.", "A small white seagull standing on a beach", "A seagull standing on the beach with shells on the sand and the water next to it.", "Sea gull type bird standing on sand with brown water edge.", "A close-up of the Seagull standing on the beach and ocean."]
["birds on pillars in a body of water", "A group of birds standing on blocks in the water.", "A group of seagulls on wooden blocks sticking out of water.", "A group of seagulls perched on a line of posts in the water.", "A line of seagulls are standing on different posts in water."]
["A sign explains the toll on a toll road.", "Driver's view of an upcoming toll booth sign on a freeway.", "vehicles going down a highway next to some trees", "A truck is passing under a freeway sign.", "A pay toll sign hanging above the highway."]
["Various birds flying over a body of water next to trees.", "A placid and meandering river with some large water fowl flying just above it.", "A serene lake has large water birds flying over it.", "A group of geese are flying low over a pond.", "A flock of birds flying over a pond."]
["A giraffe's head is hunched down looking for grass.", "A giraffe looks at the grass and rocks on the ground.", "A giraffe standing by the rocks at the zoo. ", "A giraffe in an artificial habitat cranes his neck down.", "A giraffe walking along a stone path next to green grass."]
["A cage packed full of yellow parakeets. ", "A large number of birds in a cage.", "Many birds are crammed into a cage stacked on another cage.", "A bird cage is stuffed with yellow parakeets.", "Captive parakeets are trapped together inside of a white cage, waiting to be sold."]
["A snow covered sign sitting below a very tall building.", "A foreign street sign that's covered in snow.", "A snow covered sign in a city neighborhood.", "A street sign with snow on it is in front of a brick building.", "A street sign that says, \"Schwalbenstrasse\" in Germany. "]
["A hazard sign on top of a crossing gate in front of a building.", "A sign saying that a gate arm can cause harm.", "A moving arm car blocker has a picture on it.", "A warning sign about the danger of a checkpoint arm.", "A warning sign showing a moving arm that lifts and lowers."]
["A street sign for Davis St. and Third Ave. with a skyscraper behind.", "A sign at a street corner with buildings in the background.", "A pole has two street signs on it near an office building.", "a red pole holding onto to some colorful street signs", "The street sign is close to big buildings."]
["A bird sitting in a tree on a branch.", "A small bird perched on a branch of a tree ", "A SMALL BIRD SITTING ON A SMALL BRANCH IN A TREE.", "A small bird perched on top of a tree branch.", "Small bird perched on a branch in a wooded area."]
["A person holding an umbrella above their head.", "Woman wearing red sash and hat holding umbrella.", "A person with gloves, wearing a sash and holding an umbrella", "A woman with a hate standing near a group of people.", "She is holding an umbrella there on the street."]
["a piece of cloth is laying on the floor", "A battered hat rests upside down on a dirty surface.", "Hat sits in bottom of boat under seat with other clothing articles.", "A hat lying at the bottom of a boat.", "A dirty hat is sitting on the bottom of a boat."]
["A man wearing ties and rainbow sun glasses", "A man is wearing colorful sunglasses and two colorful ties as he poses.", "The man smiles wearing two colorful ties and oversized glasses.", "A man with a large tie, a hat, and sunglasses.", "A laughing German man at a party wearing ridiculous ties and sunglasses hams it up for the camera. "]
["A woman is walking through the park while birds fly", "Woman chasing flying bird near wood containers on grass.", "A woman running across a field towards a bird.", "A woman chasing birds through a  grassy field", "A girl at a park smiling while chasing a bird."]
["A bird with a berry in its mouth sits on a rock", "A bird sitting on a rock with a seed in his mouth.", "A gray bird on a large rock with a seed in its beak.", "a bird sitting on a rock in front of a tree", "A bird with seed in its mouth, getting ready to fly away."]
["a busy street with cars and trucks down it", "An intersection with a view that looks towards a small downtown area. ", "An intersection with a stop light on a city street.", "A street filled with lots of traffic under a traffic light.", "Cars parked on the side of the street and traveling down the road"]
["A street sign next to a large building.", "A street sign that reads Wall St hanging from a pole.", "A city street sign with a negative message placed near it.", "A street sign with a quote under it", "Someone is protesting the financial control of Wall Street."]
["Two boys are standing in front of a train with backpacks. ", "two people standing near luggage bags near a train", "Two guys pose with their backpacks in front of a building.", "Two people with back packs posing for the camera.", "A couple of men standing in front of a green building."]
["A subway terminal with passengers and luggage traveling.", "People wait around on a platform of a train station. ", "People walking on the train platform pulling luggage bags on wheels", "A modern train station with several people boarding and unboarding.", "People with luggage are at the train station."]
["a street pole with some signs sitting on them", "A sign that says no left turns except cycles above a street sign", "Street signs hanging from a pole in the city. ", "A street sign is prominent in front of a building.", "Three stop signs in the middle of a street"]
["A city street line with brick buildings and trees.", "Cars approach a red light on a street dusted with snow. ", "A city street that has parked cars on the side of the street and other cars at a traffic light in front of various stores.", "A small town street with old buildings ", "The cars are driving down the street and some cars are parked. "]
["A herd of sheep walking across a road.", "It is best to stop and allow the sheep to cross the road.", "A large herd of sheep crossing the road in front of a van.", "a number of sheep walking across a road", "multiple sheep crossing a road in front of a vehical"]
["A small green sign for a state line by the road.", "Street sign titled Kittery Maine State Line in green.", "A street sign that says State Line Kittery Maine. ", "A picture of a street that has no cars driving on it.", "THERE IS A SING THAT READS STATE LINE KITTERY MAINE "]
["Man with hat and umbrella holding object in left hand against modern background.", "a man in a white shirt, striped tie is holding a black umbrella.", "A hipster holding a clock and an umbrella.", "A man in tie and hat holding an umbrella.", "A man holds a clock and an umbrella over a scripted background."]
["A black and yellow train traveling down tracks.", "A train that is sitting on the tracks in gravel.", "A train that is going down some railroad tracks.", "A very nice looking train on the tracks.", "a train sits parked next to some parking lot "]
["a red traffic light sitting next to a  brick wall.", "THIS IS A STOP LIGHT ON RED NEXT TO A BRICK BUILDING", "a stop sign next to a brick wall with buildings in the back", "A streetlight is on a pole next to a wall.", "A street light shinning red in an urban setting."]
["Two trains pass each other near some buildings.", "A train driving on train tracks beside the river.", "An overhead view of railroad cars driving down the tracks", "Trains are parked on the tracks behind buildings", "A black and yellow train engine next to buildings."]
["Cliffs rise on the edge of a placid lake.", "A scenic view of a river with a train on the edge of it in the distance.", "A large lake surrounded by beautiful tree covered mountains.", "a landscape scene with water, mountains and trees", "A train on a waterfront track surrounded by mountains."]
["A sidewalk sitting along side of a street under a billboard.", "Picture of city street with red traffic light and pedestrian on sidewalk", "A view of a street corner with a traffic light on it. ", "A city sidewalk looking down the street ", "there is a corner store on the corner of an intersection. its sign reads, \"COMMERCE\"."]
["A train that is sitting on tracks above water.", "Small commuter train crossing a high bridge over a river.", "A silver train going across a long bridge.", "a very long bridge with a railway line", "Two fast trains travel along an old bridge."]
["a little locomotive in a museum all shined up", "beautifully preserved vintage train displayed in a building", "A shiny model locomotive is on platform display.", "Museum exhibit of a black steam engine train", "A train engine on display next to a set of stairs."]
["A crossroads sign with a car parked nearby. ", "The street intersection at Anal View and Lake Drive.", "A car with a kayak on top of it parked along a street.", "Two street signs that are on a street corner.", "A car with an inflatable raft on top drives down the street. "]
["A blue and yellow train pulling up to a station on a sunny day.", "A bluish train car pulls into a station.", "A passenger train on a track next to a station.", "A blue and yellow train in the train station. ", "A commuter train pulling into the train station "]
["A train pulling past a church with a large clock tower.", "A train going by a an old building with a clock tower.", "A black and white train passing near a red and white gate. ", "The train is riding on the tracks through town", "A train passes the roadway at the railway crossing."]
["A man smiling in a suit and tie, wearing a hat.", "a smiling man with a suit, tie and hat sitting at a table", "A man posing for a picture in a suit.", "the distinguished gentleman has enjoyed a beer or two, but should remove his hat.", "A guy is sitting at a table with a hat on."]
["A white and black bird on a chimney next to sky.", "A stork stands on top of a brick chimney.", "A white and black bird with long legs standing on a chimney.", "Long legged bird stands on top of chimney roof", "A bird is sitting on top of the house looking"]
["A dummy in a display case wearing a suit and tie.", "An old sewing machine has a suit by it.", "Window display of a suit and sewing machine. ", "A suit jacket and red tie is on a manikin in a window.", "A sewing machine and dress shirts are being displayed inside a window. "]
["Perhaps he's a magician who will pull a rabbit out of that hat.", "A man holding a clock while wearing a hat.", "A man in a top hat holding a clock in his hand.", "A young man wearing a black top hat holding a clock.", "A boy in a tall brimmed hat is working on an alarm clock."]
["A couple of birds having sex on top of a river.", "Two brown birds with orange beaks standing in a stream. ", "Two birds are standing in the muddy field.", "Two birds near the edge of a lake and one opened his wings. ", "A pair of birds sit together in a shallow stream."]
["A train traveling down tracks near a loading platform.", "A passenger train inside of a drab train station.", "A metro train is pulling into the station.", "Two passenger trains sit on their rails in a dimly lit station. ", "A train is in an otherwise empty train station."]
["A flock of birds standing on top of a grass hill.", "A heron and some ducks near the edge of water.", "Several different birds sitting on grass off a riverbank.  ", "A goose, a water bird and goslings on the shore near a pond.", "A few birds standing on the grass near a lake."]
["Up close view of a model train set and its surrounding area", "A model toy train sitting on its tracks", "A close-up of a train station on a model city set.", "A toy train station is surrounded by toy houses.", "A toy town with a train on the tracks passing a signal."]
["A man in a black hat with his tie in a coffee pot.", "A man with a top hat and knit tie sitting at a table. ", "A man in a top hat holds a teapot that his necktie has slipped into.", "a man in a top hat and a tie", "A man with a large top hat pouring a kettle"]
["Street signs are advising people to proceed while being aware of their surroundings.", "A sign on a sidewalk that reads, \"look both ways.\"", "Two look both ways signs on a sidewalk.", "A yellow sign that warns to look both ways.", "A yellow sign that is sitting on a crosswalk."]
["A security guard standing next to a no right turn sign.", "A traffic officer leaning on a no turn sign ", "A traffic officer on a road near a detour sign and traffic cone.", "A security officer is setting up traffic guiding signs", "A police officer standing next to a no left turn sign."]
["a table that has a train model on it with other cars and things", "A toy model train set at a road crossing.", "A model of a train and two blue cars.", "Small red train pulling other cars on a model set. ", "A model train set with small model cars."]
["A street sign sitting on the side of a road next to a tall brick building.", "a street sign on pitt and charlotte streets", "A close up of street signs for downtown Sydney", "a pair of wooden street with boats on them ", "A street sign showing directions of the perpendicular routes "]
["A very tall building sitting on the side of a road.", "A school announcement sign is pictured in front of another building.", "A sign advertises registration at Harriet Tubman Elementary.", "the sign for an elementary school sitting near the corner of the school yard", "A sign for Harriet Tubman Elementary in a fenced-in area near the corner of a street."]
["The cat is standing by the rocking chair in the living room. ", "A cat stands next to a rocking chair in a room with floors that are covered in a thin sheet.", "A cat standing in a den next to a rocking chair.", "A wooden rocking chair and a cat in a room.", "Cat standing next to rocking chair on sheets with walls"]
["a green and black train on a track with smoke coming from the top", "Green and black train arriving at the train station.", "A large long train on a steel track.", "a train is going through a station, its blowing black smoke ", "A train that is on the rails with smoke coming out of it."]
["a train on a track near a building ", "Train engine steaming through railyard next to grain factory.", "a man taking a picture of an old steam engine train", "A train running next to a large cylindrical building.", "A small train is making its way down the tracks next to a silo."]
["A long passenger train traveling through rural countryside.", "The train is near to many other train tracks.", "A train that is going on the train tracks by a house.", "A train is shown sitting in a train yard.", "The passenger train is on the train tracks."]
["A street sign hanging from the side of a metal pole.", "A black street sign on a green pole has a German street name.", "Street sign made of metal againt a blue sky.", "A sign that is attached to a metal pole.", "A street sign is attached to a post on a street"]
["a man is standing by a sign post ", "A guy is standing under a street sign possibly with the same name.", "a person standing on a street with many people walking ", "A man looks at a camera to have his picture taken.", "a man smiles and poses under a street sign"]
["A train traveling through rural countryside under power lines.", "Two trains with grass and blue skies and power wires.", "Two trains move side by side in the middle of a field", "A pair of trains move the same direction along two tracks. ", "Two trains are side by side, one slightly ahead of the other."]
["A passenger train stopped at a stop next to a grassy field.", "a train is stopped by a house across a large field", "a train driving by a house with a well kept lawn", "A big building on some grassy field during the day.", "A residential house next to some trees and a field"]
["A trolley drives down Main Street in Memphis, Tennessee.", "a yellow and blue trolley car and some street and traffic lights", "A yellow train traveling down a street next to a building.", "Yellow and green streetcar on tracks in urban city.", "A picture of a yellow tram train on tracks. "]
["Yellow and red trolleys with people standing about. ", "Two trains on tracks approach at a downtown sidewalk.", "A railway with two different trains going in opposite directions.", "colorful trains going down tracks on both sides of the road", "Two different colored trains pulling into a train station at the same time. "]
["A train with open doors waiting on passengers at a train station.", "A full view of a subway train about to go.", "A train with the door open near a platform.", "A train sitting in the middle of a station, with its doors open.", "Train parked at a train station ready for passengers."]
["A wet street with a stop sign on the corner.", "A tree-lined street is still wet from the rain.", "A street with houses beside it and a stop sign and light poles. ", "A rainy day makes the pavement shiny on a city street.", "A red stop sign sitting next to a wooden pole."]
["A train and its operators going down the track.", "An old fashion-like train is traveling down the tracks. ", "A train on a track somewhere below a blue sky.", "THERE IS A TRAIN THAT IS ON THE TRAIN TRACK GOING THROUGH THE CITY", "An old model train pulling to a stop at a train station."]
["A construction worker holding up a stop sign.", "a public worker holding a stop sign next to a black car out side.", "A construction worker holding a stop sign next to a car.", "A man in a safety vest holding a stop sign.", "A man holding a red stop sign next to a dark colored car."]
["A gas station on the corner of a street next to a traffic light.", "An intersection with a stop sign, traffic lights, and a gas station.", "Traffic signage at intersection near fueling service station.", "A stop sign with red lights beside a street, and a gas station. ", "two stop signs and flashing lights at a service station"]
["A stop sign at an empty intersection in the country side.", "A stop sign is standing on the street at an intersection.", "A stop sign in grassy area with car passing by.", "A stop sign at dawn on a clear day", "A street sign near a road with a truck passing by. "]
["The long steam train sits at the station.", "A large long train on a steel track.", "a train steadily moving across the train tracks", "A reproduction steam train waiting at the station", "A train is pulling into the train station."]
["A large long train on a steel track.", "there is a long brown train that is passing by a station", "A train passes through the station in the city.  ", "a red and yellow train on its track at a station", "A train engine carrying many carts coming into a station."]
["A stop sign with a small American flag on top of it.", "A stop sign has a flag sticking out of it. ", "A picture of a stop sign on a street.", "a little american flag sitting above a stop sign", "A stop sign has a small American flag on top."]
["A close up of a stop sign on a public street.", "A stop sign on a road with another stop sign in the background.", "A stop sign is shown attached to a pole.", "A stop sign with another one in the background", "A stop sign stands at an intersection by a tree."]
["A red stop sign sitting next to a tree.", "a red sign on the side of the road", "A close up image of a stop sign by a big tree.", "A leaning stop sign near a tree at a rural intersection.", "A stop sign is on a bent pole beside a tree."]
["a maroon train traveling down a train track next to trees", "Three red passenger cars sit at a railroad station.", "A passenger train that is parked on some tracks.", "A classic train sits out of service on train tracks.", "Red train on tracks near tall trees at station."]
["STOP SIGN WITH SPRAY PAINTED WORDS ON IT", "A railroad tracks stop sign with graffiti saying \"GO\" on it. ", "a close up of a vandalized stop sign on a street ", "A red stop with the word Go Zone spray painted over it.", "A red stop sign covered with the words \"Go Zone\"."]
["The blue and white train is traveling down the track.", "a yellow and blue train is coming down some tracks", "A train driving down the tracks near a platform.", "Long electric freight train passing a station platform.", "A picture of a train travelling on a track near two platforms."]
["A train pulls into a covered train stop where people wait.", "A yellow train parked near a train station.", "A train engine carrying carts into a station.", "A bright yellow metro train pulling into the station where people await. ", "A passenger train that is pulling into a station."]
["An orange and white train traveling along a loading platform.", "A yellow and white underground subway train moving on a track.", "A train pulls into an abandoned station next to announcements.", "A commuter train travels past an empty train station.", "A train arrives at an empty station somewhere in Asia."]
["Two trains traveling down tracks with black smoke pouring out of the top of them.", "A large long train on a steel track.", "Two steam trains next to each other ", "Two steam locomotives ride next to each other headed in the same direction.", "Two trains travel on tracks on a bridge"]
["A long train moves down the tracks on a cloudy day", "A train going down a train track with grass on either side", "A train pulling several cars on one of many tracks.", "A train traveling down a countryside next to a forest.", "A freight train on the tracks with a town in the back round."]
["A train travels around the bend of a grassy area.", "A train is running down a track in the middle of the country.", "A train moving along a track during the day.", "An oncoming railroad train traveling down the tracks.", "Very long train running down a rail way over a half mile long."]
["A street scene with a dusting of snow on the car and the ground.", "An older model car covered in snow, along with the entire street.", "Car covered in snow parked at a curb next to a meter.", "The car covered with snow is parked alongside the curb in the snowy street. ", "On a snowy street, a lone car parks near a curb next to a parking meter."]
["A blue and yellow train progressing on a track.", "A yellow and black train on a train track.", "a train on train tracks with a sky back ground", "A train passes by on a train track through the countryside", "A multi engine train traveling past trees on its track."]
["A train traveling down railroad tracks through a countryside.", "A train passing through a mountainous scenic landscape", "A train appears to be traveling down the tracks. ", "A train moving along the tracks in front of mountains.", "A train travels down the tracks through a rural valley with mountains in the background."]
["Two parking meters take credit cards and allow 2 hour parking", "a close up of two parking meters on a street ", "Two parking meters that accept coins or credit cards.", "The modern electronic parking meter has buttons on it. ", "A pair of parking meters that take credit cards as well as change."]
["A picture of two expire time meters on the street", "two parking meters with the time expired flag up", "A close up of two time expired parking meters", "two parking meters with time expired signs and a building", "an artisitic shot of two expired parking meteres"]
["A train parked in front of a train station.", "A steam train that is traveling down some tracks.", "A steam train belching out smoke near a small building.", "A large long train on a steel track.", "A black steam train rolls into a town."]
["A window on the side of a building behind a parking meter.", "A parking meter in front of a window of a building.", "A window with a red frame showing the reflection of a building.", "A window shows a reflection of a palm tree.", "A lavander colored window with a rose colored frame."]
["A white truck with a black back filled with people.", "large truck with people crowded in the back with Obama signs", "People sit on top of an Obama campaign truck.", "A truck filled with Obama supporters and signs.", "a truck filled with people next to several cars."]
["a black and white photo of an old car on a street", "A photograph of an outside with numerous things in the scene.\n", "A man driving a vintage truck with a dog riding beside him.", "a fireman and a dog sitting in one of the first fire engines made", "An old fashioned fire truck driving down a street."]
["Two legs with work boots on poking out of a truck window.", "a white truck and some legs sticking out the window", "A man whose feet are resting on the window of a truck. ", "A person in a truck sits with their feet out the window, resting. ", "a person's crossed legs sitting out of a car window"]
["two men riding in the back of a blue truck while driving down the street.", "a truck with a music player and people in the back", "Men travelling on the back of a blue truck.", "A blue truck traveling down a street with two men sitting on it's flat bed.", "Two men ride in the back of a cargo truck with carnival like pieces."]
["this buss is parked near the curb in the street", "A big blue bus with a cat and dog on the side of it. ", "there is a large van that has a dog and a cat on it", "A Humane Society bus is parked on the side of the street.", "a bus showing domestic animals moving along the street"]
["A black and white cat stares downward at a window.", "a black and white kitty sitting on a ledge looking out a window ", "A black and white cat sits on a windowsill.", "a cat sitting on a window sil looking out of the window", "A black and white cat sitting in a window sill."]
["A couple of children riding on the back of a horse posing with their mom, her cow and a small dog.", "Two children on a horse with a lady next to one.", "A woman stands next to a cow and a horse that her children are sitting on.", "BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO OF A WOMAN, TWO CHILDREN,HORSE,COW AND A DOG", "An old picture of a woman, two kids, a dog, a horse, and a cow."]
["A horse stands tethered to a wall. ", "A brown horse stands near the door of his travel shed.", "A black horse standing in a cramped stable.", "A black horse stabled and leashed with a blue lead.", "A horse that is strapped to a chain."]
["A cowboy rides next to a cow and prepares to rope it.", "A man with a hat on a horse, trying to lasso a cattle.", "A person on a horses chasing a cow.", "A cowboy on a horse preparing to throw a lasso at a calf.", "A man riding on the back of a white horse next to a cow."]
["Two men that are on top of horses on the side of a cow.", "rodeo with two riders on horseback, herding a cow", "Two men riding horses with a cow between them.", "A couple of men riding  horses next to a cow.", "people on horses running very fast and an ox "]
["A person on a horse chasing a cow.", "A man is trying to rope a calf while riding a horse.", "A guy on a horse chasing a cow with a lasso.", "The cowboy is trying to wrangle the cattle. ", "A rodeo rider on horseback attempting to lasso a cow."]
["A black cat holding onto the left of a teddy bear.", "A black and white cat is snuggling with a stuffed bear.", "A kitten a sleep snuggling a teddy bears foot.", "A cat snuggling with a teddy bear's foot. ", "a cat sleeping on a couch while holding onto a teddy bear "]
["A small girl petting a black and white kitty.", "Girl playing with a black and white cat on carpet.", "a young person kneeling down feeding a cat ", "A girl who is bending over to pet a cat.", "A girl petting a black and white cat.", "A young girl kneels down to pet a black cat."]
["many different items including game boy cartridges ", "Items from a handbag laid out neatly on a carpet", "A variety of items that has come out of purse.", "A group of items that include a portable game device and cosmetics.", "The contents of someone's purse with glasses, makeup, an ipod, phone, and pens and paper."]
["The white van is parked beside the sidewalk near a cone. ", "A white van and trailer parked next to a traffic cone.", "An unmarked van with trailer in tow is pulled over.", "A person is behind a van and the door of the van is open. ", "A white van that is next to a sidwalk."]
["The delivery truck has colorful bottles on the side of it. ", "A truck that carries beer is parked on the side of a road.", "A delivery truck parked in a parking lot", "a delivery truck with the product painted on it", "A truck wrapped in beer advertisements parked in a parking lot."]
["A cow grazing on grass and flowers next to a river.", "A cow standing along side of a large river.", "A cow that is standing in the dirt.", "a cow looks up at the camera as it stands in a green field in front of a river", "A brown and white cow standing next to a stream."]
["A person holding a banana near a cat.", "A cat sitting up on top of a cluttered counter", "A black and white cat is looking at a banana.", "A black cat sitting in front of a banana.", "A very cute black and white cat by a window."]
["Four men standing outside a brick building with trucks.", "A few mack trucks in a parking lot.", "A group of MACK trucks are parked next to one another.", "The green trucks are parked next to the four workers outside the building.", "Green Mack trucks are in a parking lot."]
["A tractor truck painted in camouflage sitting on a field.", "A large truck sitting in a field where people can look at it.", "A large camouflage truck parked on a grass field.", "A camouflaged covered truck in a grassy field by people.", "A large army transport truck parked on a field."]
["A statue of a cow sitting under a sign on grass.", "A statue of a black and white cow underneath a sign.", "A cow sculpture under the sign for Susan's Sweets in Bothell, Washington state", "The sweet shop has a colorful front entrance.", "A sign that has a fake cow underneath it."]
["A red truck driving down a rural country dirt road.", "A red farm truck with a flat bed of material blowing smoke.", "An old diesel truck driving down the path next to freeway", "a red d black truck driving down a trail ", "A truck is smoking while going down a dirt road."]
["A herd of cows standing in a field grazing", "Small herd of cattle standing in the sun amidst brown grassland.", "A herd of cattle grazing on a dry grass hillside.", "A heard of cattle are scattered on the terrain.", "All the cows are standing on the hill grazing. "]
["A cat eating a birthday cake on top of the table. ", "A cat sitting on a table eating cake.", "a cat eating a frosted cake on a table", "A cat licks the top of a small cake.", "The cat is licking the icing off of the cake."]
["A calico cat sits on a cushion on a bench.", "A cat that is sleeping on a chair.", "A calico cat sleeping on a chair in the sun", "A cat on a seat of some sort during the day.", "A large furry, black and brown cat sleeping on a chair."]
["A city street with a firetruck driving down it", "There is a fire truck pulling in to traffic", "a fire truck with it's lights on making it's way down the road ", "A fire truck is coming down a snowy road", "A fire truck drives along a street next to parked cars in a city."]
["Several cows standing while grazing in a field.", "A few cows grazing in a grassy pasture in front of a barn and silo.", "A few dairy cows grazing in a field behind a wire fence.", "The cows are grazing on the grassy field.", "a couple of cows are in a grassy field"]
["An orange and white cat sitting on top of a blue chair.", "A white and orange cat reclines on a chair with a blue cushion.", "A ginger colored cat sits on a white chair", "An orange and white cat laying on a blue chair pad on a steel chair.", "A cat on a chair with only one eye open/"]
["A cat laying on top of a couch on top of a pillow.", "A cat laying on a pillow on a sofa.", "A white and brown cat lying on a couch ", "A cat laying on a pillow on a couch near curtains. ", "An orange tabby cat is sitting on top of a pillow that is sitting in a couch."]
["Cows standing next to a brick wall on top of straw.", "A cow stands in a pile of hay  in front of a brick wall.", "A cow had its back turned to another cow in the stable.  ", "Two brown cows stand next to a brick wall in hay.", "TWO BROWN COWS IN A STALL FILLED WITH STRAW"]
["A red fire truck driving down a  street.", "A fire engine that is traveling down the street. ", "a fire extinguisher lorry on the street moving", "Fire trucks move down a city road, while children play nearby.", "a fire truck with some flags going down the road "]
["A red fire engine truck on the street in a parade.", "A firetruck stopped in the middle of a quiet street while people pass by on the sidewalk.", "A red fire truck traveling down a busy city street.", "A red fire truck driving down the street.", "A big fire truck driving down the street.  "]
["A cat laying on top of a chair with pillows.", "A cat sleeping on the arm of a couch under a window.", "An orange cat sleeping on the arm of a sofa.", "a close up of a cat laying on a couch", "A cat sleeping on a  sofa by a window"]
["A black and white cat slightly opens its eyes on a red blanket in a bed.", "A cat laying on top of a red blanket.", "A tuxedo cat laying on a red blanket.", "a black and white cat laying on a red cover on a bed", "a black and white cat saying on a bed "]
["A black and white cat lounging with sleepy eyes.", "A sleepy cat looking tiredly at the camera", "a cat layling on a red blanket and looking relaxed", "A black and white cat laying down resting its head on a cushion.", "A sleepy black and white cat laying on a blanket."]
["A white and orange cat laying on top of a bed.", "A CAT IS LOOKING AT SOMETHING ON A BED", "A white and orange colored cat laying on a bed with its eyes open.", "A small white cat lying on a white bed.", "A cat lazing on a bed with striped sheets"]
["A gray cat sitting in a white sink in a bathroom.", "A cat laying inside of a white bathroom sink.", "A cat that is laying down in a sink. ", "A cat sitting in the middle of a sink.", "The grey cat is lying down in a bathroom sink."]
["A mirror hanging on the side of a white wall.", "A cat laying on top of a basket on a table with a mirror above it ", "Cat sleeping on a basket below a wall mirror.", "The cat is sleeping on the basket that was left on the desk.", "A cat laying in a basket and a mirror in a room."]
["a black and white cat looks at the camera and there is a TV in the background", "A black and white cat looks menacingly at the camera.", "a black and white cat sitting in front of a monitor.", "a cat stars as a television is played in the back ground ", "A black cat staring at the camera taking the picture."]
["A woman is posing for a picture with her dog in front of cows.", "S woman holds a dog on a leash while three cows look on.", "A women who is holding a leash with a dog at the end of it, standing in front of some cows.", "Man with pit bull dog on leash with cows watching in background.", "A person holding a dog on a leash with cows grazing nearby."]
["A  cat sitting on the floor watching television", "an image of a cat sitting and watching tv", "A CAT IS SITTING IN FRONT OF THE TV WATCHING TV", "A small grey cat looks up at a television screen.", "Small grey cat starring at a football game on a television."]
["A black and white cat on its hind legs looking at a television.", "A cat standing up with its paws near a VCR looking at a television.", "A black and white cat standing on its hind legs in front of a television", "A stretched out cat is looking at a television.", "Cat standing on its two back paws as it looks at a tv screen."]
["A cat sits on a bookshelf next to a television.", "A cat sitting on a book shelf next to a television.", "Black and white cat sitting on book shelf next to the tv", "Cat sitting on shelving next to metal stand with electronic equipment.", "A black and white cat is sitting at the top of a book shelf very close to the TV."]
["a cat is starring at an old television ", "a black orange and gray cat and a television", "A cat is standing in front of a television watching it. ", "A cat reaching up to a TV showing a football game.", "A cat sitting in front of a TV, watching a show."]
["A cat sleeping on the tv with his paw hanging down.", "A cat is lying on top of a tv set looking at something", "A cat sits on top of a television set.", "Black cat laying down on top of the television while it's still on. ", "a cat laying on a television with its leg hanging over the edge"]
["A her of black and white cattle standing on a field.", "Cows that are standing and grazing in a field.", "Cows enjoy being in the field on a sunny day.", "A group of cows walking in a grassy field.", "a few cows that are walking in some grass"]
["Couple of cows outside eating at the grass", "Two cows grazing in a garden next to a pink flower bush.", "A brown cow eating grass on top of a dirt road.", "Two animals eating something from the grass with a pretty flower bush.", "Some animals are grazing on grass on a sunny day. "]
["A cow on a hill top looking for something to eat", "a cow sitting on top of a hill eating in the rocks", "A cow that is grazing along the side of the road.", "A cow is grazing on a rocky hill with a town in the distance.", "a cow on a hill over looking a road"]
["Two pretty brown cows standing next to each other", "a couple of cows that are walking around", "A pair of cows socialize in a field.", "Two cows are making interactions with each other.", "a cow nuzzles the head of another cow standing next to it"]
["A couple of cows standing on a field next to each other.", "Cows eating grass in the outdoors with each other.", "A brown cow and a white cow standing together away from the other cows.", "Cows standing nose to nose in a field of grass", "A brown cow and a white car are in a pasture."]
["A cat sitting on the keyboard of a computer on a table", "A cat laying on an open laptop on a desk.", "The cat is laying on the laptop on the desk. ", "A gray and white cat laying on top of a laptop computer.", "A white and gray cat is laying on a laptop computer."]
["a wireless  computer mouse on a wooden table ", "A cat tail next to a mouse ", "A MOUSE KEPT JUST BESIDES A CAT'S TAIL.", "A cat with it's paw next to a computer mouse on a wooden table.", "A computer mouse with a cat's paw next to it."]
["A cat that is laying with its head down on a mouse.", "A white cat laying on the computer mouse.", "A white cat is taking a nap on a mouse.", "a kitty sleeping on a mouse pad and a mouse ", "A cat is sleeping on a desk with its head on a computer mouse."]
["A black and white photo of four people, one rowing along a lake.", "People in a paddle boat are on the water by some bushes.", "Black and white photograph of people in a rowboat under a bridge ", "A couple of people riding on the back of a boat.", "people in a row boat going down the river"]
["two boats on the beach separated from one another ", "Boats parked up on the grass in front of a beach.", "A couple of small boats sitting on a beach.", "Two boats parked on the land in a beach.", "Two boats are out of the water on the beach."]
["Man setting fire to a wooden dugout boat", "A man beside a wooden boat that's on fire in the ocean.", "A man with a stick is standing on a boat that is sitting on fire. ", "A man burns a wooden boat on a beach.", "A man attending to a boat sitting on hot embers and fire."]
["There are people in a boat near the water.", "A big boat with people on board on the sandy beach", "A boat with a large fan in back sitting on a beach.", "A boat is on the shore of a beach.", "Two people riding an air-boat over a sandy beach."]
["THERE IS A BOAT THAT IS IN THE WATER ", "Tug boat making its way up a river in an industrial zone.", "A big boat on the water near the shore.", "a small boat in a large body of water", "A boat that is in a body of water."]
["A boat in the lake beside a bunch of buildings. ", "a coast guard boat sitting in the water ", "A US Coast Guard boat on a lake with a turret on the front.", "A red coast Guard boat in the water.", "A red and silver coast guard boat sailing in the water"]
["A boat goes across the water in front of buildings.", "A boat speeding alone water next to a shore filled with buildings.", "Red and white boat kicking up water on a large body of water. ", "A small red boat sailing on the water in a river.", "A tug boat steers though water, leaving a wake. "]
["A rowboat set next to a dock in a river.", "a boat is docked and some water and a fence", "Large wooden boat sitting in shallow body of water. ", "An empty boat tied up at the pier on a stream", "A boat that is sitting inside of the water."]
["Several people standing around a watering hole taking photos of elephants.", "The people are watching the elephants and taking photos.  ", "People milling about and taking pictures in a field full of elephants.", "A group of people watching and photographing a herd of elephants.", "A group of people standing around a bunch of wild elephants."]
["Boats are docked in the water near buildings on the shore.", "Many boats in the water by a rocky shore.", "A line of small fishing boats moored in the water.", "Some small boats are sitting near a dock.", "Small boats in the water next to some old buildings."]
["A elephant laying on the ground in the grass.", "An elephant resiting on the grass in some field.", "An elephant laying on the grass on an open plain.", "A close-up of a baby elephant laying in the grass.", "A large elephant laying down in a  field surrounded by grass."]
["The ugly tie with flowers is hanging up", "A colorful tie that is in someones hand.", "a person holding a tie in their hands ", "a person is touching a couple of ties", "A brightly colored, flowery tie is pulled from the closet."]
["A long boat on churning waters next to a bouy", "A large ship sitting on top of an ocean.", "a large boat in a large body of water", "A cruise ship heading toward a lighthouse on a cloudless day.", "The yacht is out on the ocean next to a buoy."]
["A small boat on a lake in the evening.", "A small boat traveling across a lake near a shoreline.", "a small boat is out on the water", "a small boat in a large body of water ", "A boat is driving across the water in the evening."]
["People walk by a fountain holding umbrellas as it rains.", "A family walking together in the rain with umbrellas. ", "A group of people crossing the street with British flag umbrellas.", "People walking outside on a rainy day with umbrellas.", "Two of the pedestrians walking in the square are holding British flag umbrellas."]
["A woman in a robe has a big umbrella.", "a older woman is blocking the sun with her umbrella", "an image of a person carrying a umbrella", "A single pedestrian is standing with her umbrella.", "Person standing at a crosswalk holding a bright yellow and white umbrella."]
["A man walking a dog across a wet street.", "A black and white image of a blind man walking his dog. ", "Black and white picture of a man leading a dog down the street.", "a person talking a dog for a walk at night ", "A dark street with a man walking his dog."]
["A person riding on the back of an elephant.", "a guy riding on a elephant with a carrier for people", "a person riding on the head of an elephant", "A man adjusts the seat on an elephant's back.", "Someone is sitting on a elephant and messing with the seat."]
["A person holding a black and white umbrella in the street.", "a person covering their entire body with an umbrella except for their feet", "A child's feet are showing underneath something they are hiding under.", "A picture from above of a person covered completely by their umbrella except for their feet in sandals.", "A person with sandals stands under an umbrella in the rain."]
["A pool next to a dock lined with lots of boats.", "A bunch of sailboats are at a narrow dock.", "A harbor that has several boats docked in it.", "A group of boats floating on water docked near a walkway.", "Boats docked at a dock on the water "]
["A view of a beer bottle and a beach with chairs, an umbrella and the ocean in the background.", "A benches and tables on a beach with a man walking in the water. ", "Beer bottle on picnic table on beach with umbrellas and swimmer", "A beer bottle with wooden chairs and ocean in background.", "A beer bottle is next to benches as a man wades in the ocean."]
["A young man is sitting in a chair and has mismatched outfit and a name badge.", "A person sitting on a chair and smiling.", "a male is wearing a white shirt and a tie and is sitting", "A man sitting in a chair smiling with a colorful tie on. ", "Guy sitting in a chair with a tie and name tag on."]
["a couple of elephants are standing in a pin", "A couple of elephants walking around in a field.", "Two adult elephants standing on the dirt ground.", "Elephants stand in the shade from a tree near a building on a sunny day.", "Two elephants stand together in a wooded area"]
["A man in a green military uniform and another man standing by next to a dead elephant.", "a couple of men stand in front of a dead elephant ", "Two men are poaching an elephant in the field for no reason.", "Two people with guns standing around a dead elephant. ", "Two men stand next to a dead elephant. "]
["A man wearing glasses and a stripped tie.", "A man posing for a camera, in a black and white picture", "A man with a moustache wearing glasses and a shirt and striped tie.", "The man is posing wearing a striped neck tie. ", "Young professional looking man looking at the camera."]
["an image of  a man that is holding a fake tongue", "a close up of a person wearing a hat sunglasses and a tie", "A group of people sitting on the grass next to a building.", "The man in the hat and suit has his dress tie in his mouth. ", "A man and women in sunglasses and fedoras outdoors."]
["A large elephant is tied up next to some tree.", "An elephant carrying a riding seat looking down.", "His eyes are closed and maybe it is nap time.", "an old elephant wearing a seat for passengers to ride", "An elephant standing on the side of a road near trees."]
["A man in a suit sits at a table. ", "A man with a full beard and an orange tie is smiling.", "The man with a beard wearing a suit sits smiling.", "A man with a pony tail and bread sitting down.", "A man in a suit and tie sitting at a dining table."]
["A man wearing a black suit and red tie.", "A close up of a man adjusting his tie.", "A man straightening up his red tie against his black shirt.", "A man in a suit adjusting his tie.", "A man adjusts his tie while standing in front of a green wall."]
["A group of elephants in a grassy area next to a tree.", "Small group of small elephants clustered together in the grass/dirt.", " A group of elephants huddle together in a large field", "A herd of elephants walking across a grassy field.", "Six elephants gathered together outside around and in front of  trees."]
["Guy stands with an umbrella while water gushes high in the sky behind him.", "The man is holding a umbrella next to the gushing water. ", "A man in black shirt holding an umbrella next to erupted hydrant.", "A person with a black and white umbrella with water spraying in the air behind", "A man under an umbrella near a spraying fountain"]
["A peddler selling shirts in the rain outside a HSBC building.", "A man at a street side vendor selling t-shirts.", "there is a kiosk that sells many items in front of a bank building", "A man is standing next to a WLC sale stand. ", "A man in gray pants and a red hat stands near an outside kiosk and it is raining."]
["A cat that is laying down on a refrigerator.", "A cat laying on top of a refrigerator.", "A cat that is sitting on top of a silver refrigerator. ", "A cat laying on top of a refrigerator near a cabinet.", "A black and white cat sits on top of a fridge in a kitchen."]
[" A boy and a girl posing for a picture in formal wear.", "two young people dressed up and hugging each other ", "The young couple has stopped for a photo. ", "A beautiful woman standing next to a man in a black jacket.", "A well dressed guy and a pretty girl posing together."]
["A man sitting on the ground looking like a zombie.", "A man sitting on the sidewalk under an umbrella ", "Man sitting on brick covered ground, appearing dirty and tired.", "The man is covered with a net and sitting on the ground.", "A man covered in a net sits next to an umbrella."]
["A cat sleeping on top of a stereo by a plastic clock", "A black and white cat laying on top of a CD player next to an alarm clock in the shape of a super hero character. ", "Black and white cat sitting on top of a music box.", "a black and white cat sitting on a radio next to an alarm clock", "A toy clock and cat sit on a boombox."]
["A umbrella sitting over lawn chairs on a beach.", "A large umbrella and chairs on a sandy beach.", "A beach area with life preserver, umbrellas and chairs.", "An open umbrella on a beach with chairs.", "A beach umbrella with a life preserver attached to it."]
["a few chairs sitting under an umbrella on the beach ", "A beach umbrella and two beach chairs in the sand.", "A couple of blue lawn chairs sitting under a blue umbrella.", "there are two blue chairs and a blue umbrellas on the beach", "Beach chairs and an umbrella look lonely on the beach."]
["An elephant standing around beside a tree. ", "A large elephant is standing in a field", "A small elephant standing on top of a grass covered field", "There is an elephant at the end of a trail of vegetation.", "An elephant eating grass strewn on the ground for its consumption"]
["The elephant is walking around in the park.", "A man sitting on top of an elephant in a grassy area. ", "Man riding elephant outside under tree in front of building.", "An elephant sticking its trunk to the ground.", "A man riding an elephant in the evening."]
["Someone riding on an elephant in a wooded area.", "A man riding an elephant  while it is eating.", "The two elephants are eating their food from the ground.", "A group of elephants is standing on grass.", "Two elephants standing in a field, and one is carrying a man."]
["A couple of pieces of luggage sitting on the ground.", "A duffle bag and a suitcase next to each other.", "a suitcase sitting next to a duffel bag on the floor ", "The suitcases are packed and ready to be carried", "A hard suitcase and blue back with airline tags sit on a rug."]
["A group of men carrying luggage standing next to a  busy street.", "Several people standing on a curb with stacked luggage.", "A bunch of travelers with their suitcases waiting for transportation.", "Guests wait for transportation to leave a hotel.", "Black and white photo of people leaving an area."]
["A large sailboat docked near the coast with a smaller boat.", "The long sailboat was stopped in a mountainous cove with blue water.", "a white boat in a very blue body of water next to hills", "A boat sailing on a body of water next to the shore of a mountainous area.", "A sailboat is in clear blue water beside a mountain."]
["A boat parked in a field with long green grass.", "A metal boat sitting in a grassy field", "A boat is laying in a garden patch.", "There is an old boat sitting in a field", "A covered boat that is in the middle of a field."]
["Man dressed in jeans standing in the street holding luggage.", "A man contemplates crossing a street with several bags of luggage. ", "A man standing in the street with his luggage. ", "A man standing in the street with a red bag and other luggage.", "man standing in the middle of the road with three bags."]
["a few boats that are floating down some water", "A team of two makes their way down the water on a primitive raft.", "People paddle small flotation devices along a body of water.", "Two men are on a make shift raft in the water", "Two men are using sticks to paddle on a raft."]
["One of the two elephants is lifting a plastic barrel with it's trunk. ", "Two elephants standing behind a fence with one holding an object.", "an elephant holding up a bucket with its trunk ", "a couple of elephants plays in a caged area ", "Some elephants that are together in an enclosure."]
["two elephants this one looks like his ear is ripped ", "A close up of an elephants left side face and snout. ", "An elephant with a lighter color neck and ears, standing in an enclosure.", "That is a great place filled with things to see.\n", "An elephant is standing alone in heated zoo."]
["three elephants are standing in a brown field of grass", "Two large and one small elephants grouped on the savannah.", "Elephants standing together in a large grassy field", "A picture of three giraffes standing together in a field.", "Two large animals walking in the tall grass."]
["An umbrella sitting under a bunch of palm trees.", "Palm trees next to a large umbrella attached to a table. ", "A look up at a umbrella and some pretty trees.", "There is an umbrella next to the palm trees.", "a couple of trees that has a umbrella under it"]
["A beach with dining tables and huge straw umbrellas.", "A beach covered in bamboo tables and chairs topped with bamboo umbrellas.", "an image of a bunch of tables with umbrellas and lounge chairs", "Outdoor patio tables with woven umbrellas overlooking a beach.", "An arrangement of tables and umbrellas with the sea in the background."]
["A large dog that is looking at a teddy bear. ", "a close up of dog and a dog near a stuffed animal ", "His stuffed teddy bear is this dog's friend.", "a big great Dane looking at a teddy bear", "A dog is examining a stuffed toy on a rug."]
["Two elephants looking out through a wire fence.", "a close up of two elephants behind a fence", "The two elephants stay close to each other behind the fence.", "Two Animals side by side behind a wired fence.", "Two elephants touch as they look out from behind a cable fence. "]
["A little girl holding a green umbrella on a sidewalk.", "a small child holding an open umbrella outdoors", "A girl in a pink jacket holding a green umbrella.", "A girl is holding on to a green umbrella.", "A young baby girl standing in a driveway holding an open umbrella."]
["A person holding an umbrella walking across a road.", "A girl walks on a brick sidewalk holding an umbrella.", "A person holding an umbrella standing on a brick walkway.", "A black and white picture of someone holding an umbrella. ", "a man that is walking down a brick road with a umbrella"]
["A bunch of very pretty umbrellas displayed in a tree.", "Several Chinese decorations of various colors hanging in some trees.", "Colorful umbrellas are suspended down the length of tree trunks. ", "Several Japanese colored fans are at different heights.", "a very tall tree in the field with nice flowers"]
["A bunch of colorful umbrellas hanging from trees in a forest.", "a number of open umbrellas near many trees", "Paper umbrellas hangs from the trees for art", "There are many decorative umbrellas hanging up. ", "Parasols of different colors hanging from tall trees."]
["A woman in a store examines one of many suitcases.", "People in an isle of black and white suitcases except for a few blue ones, ", "a young woman is shopping for new luggage", "Several people pull luggage from a luggage storage area. ", "People are in a luggage isle of a retail store."]
["A group of girls all colorfully dressed dress with umbrellas.", "Several girls and women walking down the street carrying umbrellas.", "A group of girls and women in Oriental dresses in a parade.", "This is a picture of an Asian culture parade.", "Little girls holding fancy umbrellas walk in front of ornately dressed women. "]
["a beach with people and sand with a view of the water", "A distance shot shows a sandy beach, chairs and umbrellas and people standing along the water looking out at a boat and a blue sky over blue water.", "People at a beach in day with the moon visible.", "Blue sky above a beach with people and beach chairs.", "The sky is very bright blue at a sandy beach."]
["People stand in the drizzle with black and white umbrellas.", "there are a lot of people sitting with umbrellas", "Many people are sitting under black and white umbrellas.", "a number of people standing near one another with open umbrellas ", "a crowd of people sitting under black and white umbrellas "]
["A crowd of pedestrians around a French monument.", "A crowd of people standing below the Eiffel tower.", "There is a balloon display near the Eiffel Tower.", "A group of umbrellas together in a plaza near the Eiffel Tower.", "The Eiffel Tower is shown in all of its grandeur."]
["A group of people seated on the ground and holding black and white \"WWF\" umbrellas over their heads.", "many perople sitting on the floor holding opened umbrellas", "A crowd of people holding open white and black umbrella.", "A black and white photo of a group of people sitting while holding umbrellas.", "Black and White umbrellas are being held by people sitting."]
["A black and white dog with a Frisbee in its mouth.", "A black dog has a frisbee in it's mouth.", "a brown black and white dog is holding a frisbee", "black and white puppy with a clear orange frisbee in its mouth.", "A bog in the grass holding a Frisbee in his mouth."]
["a number of people with luggage bags outside of a building", "A man and woman pulling luggage next to a building.", "People dragging their luggage outside of a building", "two people pulling their suitcases at an airport", "A couple of  people are walking with their luggage."]
["A woman is making her way out of a rather large suitcase.", "a woman laying in a suitcase at the airport", "An Asian woman is getting out of a tan color suitcase. ", "A woman climbs out of a bag at baggage claim.", "A woman is unzipping herself from a suitcase."]
["A man in pajama pants carries a lime green suitcase.", "This photo shows someone grasping the handle of a green piece of luggage.", "A person with their hand on the handle of a suitcase.", "A man carries a bulky, stuffed piece of luggage.", "A man holding a large bag of lime green luggage."]
["a woman carrying a handbag and tennis racket walking her dog", "A woman walking a dog down a sidewalk holding a racket.", "A woman carrying a covered tennis racquet and walking a dog.", "A woman walking down a street walking a white dog.", "A woman holding a tennis racket and walking a dog."]
["A brown dog sitting with a man on a porch swing.", "A man is sitting on the swing with his dog drinking. ", "A man on a porch swing drinking a beer with a dog standing in his lap.", "A man sitting on a porch swing with a dog.", "a person sitting on a bench with a dog"]
["A dog in mittens chewing a plastic bottle.", "a small dog chews on a toy on the floor ", "A dog playing with a plastic soda bottle on the floor", "A dog laying on the floor with a toy in its mouth.", "The black and white dog chews on the empty soda bottle."]
["A man and woman are singing and playing music.", "A band playing music for a group of people.", "A man and woman playing piano and drums under an umbrella.", "one man playing a keyboard and another person playing drums from a stage in front of an art display.", "two people on stage performing a song to a crowd "]
["A black and brown dog laying on the ground.", "A german shepherd dog laying down and relaxing.", "A dog is resting his head on his own paw", "a black and blonde dog is laying down", "A large dog is laying on the floor"]
["A poodle with a yellow ribbon in it's fur with banana's in the background.", "A poodle with a bow is standing on a ledge. ", "A poodle in the foreground with a bowl of bananas in the background. ", "There is a dog sitting with a cut on its face", "A dog with white fur sitting next to a bowl of bananas. "]
["A giant blue gummy bear sitting next to smaller gummy bears.", "A large Gummy Bear sitting around other small bears.", "A giant gummy bear is shown next to some regular sized ones.", "A huge blue gummy bear towering above other smaller gummy bears.", "Several small gummy bears and one very large one."]
["A small, brown dog holds a green toy in his mouth as he runs in the dirt.", "a dog running on the beach with a frisbee", "A dog running on a beach with a toy in its mouth", "A dog with a toy in its mouth while running across a beach.", "A dog running on the beach with a Frisbee in its mouth."]
["A medium sized dog jumping into the air to catch a toy.", "A dog is jumping in the air with a Frisbee in  his mouth.", "A dog jumps to catch a frisbee in mid-air.", "A dog is high in the air after catching a frisbee.", "a dog jumping in the air with a frisbee in its mouth"]
["a black bear rests it's head on a tipped over log", "A bear looks over a log to peek at what is ahead.", "A large black bear peering over a large wooden tree trunk.", "A bear peaking over a log in front of a rock wall.", "A balck bear peeking out from behind a log."]
["a woman is laying down with several puppies", "A woman sitting in a round chair with a liter of puppies.", "a woman sits on a chair with a bunch of puppies ", "A woman sitting in a papasan chair full of puppies.", "a woman in a chair covered in puppies"]
["A lot of tennis rackets that are on the ground.", "A close-up of tennis rackets laying on the court as well as people's feet.", "We see a selection of tennis racquets laid on the court.", "Several pairs of legs beside tennis rackets placed on the ground.", "People standing on tennis court with rackets laying side by side on the ground."]
["The brown bear is sitting on the ground scratching its ear. ", "A brown bear leans over to his left to scratch his ear.", "A bear is scratching it's ear with it's foot.", "A bear is scratching its ear with its hind leg.", "A large brown bear scratching with it's hind leg."]
["A WOMAN IS SITTING IN THE CHAIR READING ", "a person sitting in a blue chair and a black and white dog on the grass", "A woman reads and a dog relaxes after a meal.", "A woman sitting on a chair reading a magazine in a backyard.", "a dog laying on the ground by a woman reading a book"]
["A baby brown bear standing on it's hind legs.", "Small dark bear standing up on rocks outside", "A small brown bear standing up on its hind legs", "Small bear cub standing on its hind legs. ", "A young bear is standing on it's hind legs."]
["A young man is playing frisbee in the park.", "A man getting ready to catch a Frisbee in the park.", "a man is playing with a frisbee outside", "Young man following throwing frisbee in city park.", "The man in the picture just released the frisbee."]
["A man standing behind a white frisbee on a green field.", "A man is standing on the green grass.", "a man is throwing a frrisbeee at a park", "a man in the park looking at a white frisbee in the air ", "A man standing in a field with a frisbee"]
["a brown dog is laying on a gray couch ", "A dog lying down on a couch next to a nightstand with a wedding picture on top. ", "A red dog lays sprawled out on a gray couch next to an end table that features a wedding picture and a lamp.", "A long haired brown dog laying on a couch ", "A dog lounging on a sofa bear a photo of his family."]
["A large brown dog laying on top of a couch.", "A dog that is laying on its back on a couch.", "A dog sits on his back on top of a beige sofa.", "a brown black and white dog lying on a gray couch", "a blonde dog is sleeping on his back"]
["A dog is in a living room sitting on the back of a couch.", "White poodle sitting on the back of a green couch in a living room.", "A white dog sitting on the back of a brown sofa.", "A white dog is sitting on the back of a couch.", "A dog that is sitting on the top of a couch."]
["A woman is at a park playing frisbee in the rain.", "A young woman carries a Frisbee through a field. ", "A man and a woman with a frisbee walk through a field.", "A wet girl and boy walk in grass, while the girl carries a frisbee.", "A man and woman walk together through the grass."]
["A brown dog laying in a red wicker bed.", "A dog lying down in a wicker chair that has a cushion.", "A little dog in a basket in the corner of a room.", "A dog sitting in a dog bed in the corner.", "A poodle dog sitting in its bed made of wicker material."]
["Two children playing in the sand at beach with a frisbee", "Two girls playing with toys in the sand.", "A person playing frisbee with a child on the beach", "A child laying on some sand next to an adult that is holding a type of disc.", "A girl playing with a frisbee and a boy lying on the beach. "]
["A brown bear in a pond pokes its head up.", "A close up image of a bear in a swamp.", "A bear sits in the water and looks over a floating log.", "A big brown bear half submerged in a river.", "A brown bear in the water next to a dock."]
["A large black and brown dog sitting in  a dog bead.", "A top lays on a turtle dog bed in front of a window.", "A dog is sitting on a stuffed animal near a window.", "A large dog lying on a turtle shaped bed.", "A dog lays on a large turtle pillow panting."]
["A dog lying on a couch in a house.", "A dog is sitting on a bed looking out of the window.", "a large dog is looking oof to the left", "A dog looks off while laying down on a bed", "a black and white dog laying on a white bed"]
["Brown dog laying on top of a bed with white sheets covering him. ", "A dog that is laying on a bed.", "A dog is sleeping on a bed, under a blanket.", "A dog sleeping on a bed under the covers.", "A dog sleeps beneath the covers on a bed."]
["A large black bear standing up to reach something", "A very big furry black bear standing near a tree.", "a big bear stands looking up a tree ", "The bear is getting ready to climb the tree. ", "A bear sanding on its back legs leaning against a tree reaching up."]
["Two brown bears embracing each other on top of a a dirt ground.", "I cant tell if the bears may be fighting or kissing.", "Two bears giving each other a big hug.", "Two bears holding each other outside the surroundings. ", "Two bears grasping onto each other in a zoo enclosure."]
["A furry, black bear standing in a rocky, weedy, area in the wild.", "a black bear that is standing next to water", "a close up of a bear on a hill near a body of water ", "A black bear stands in the wild amongst dead grass", "there is a black bear climbing the side of a mountain"]
["A small white dog hanging out of a car door window.", "A dog is leaning it's head on the front card window.", "A small white dog with it's head hanging out the window of a car.", "A pretty white dog gazing out the window in the rearview mirror.", "White dog riding in car with head outside the window."]
["Dog sticking its head out of a car window", "A dog is looking out the window of a car.", "there is a dog with his head out of the window", "A dog with it's mouth open and head next to the window of a car, looking out of the vehicle.", "A dog looking out the window of a vehicle "]
["A grandpa and his granddaughter playing a game of frisbee in a field.", "A grandfather plays in the yard with his granddaughter", "A little girl in a red dress plays Frisbee with an old man in a grassy area.", "A man playing frisbee with a child in the park. ", "A young girl plays frisbee with an old man."]
["Grandpa enjoying the day playing flying disc with his granddaughter", "A child holds a frisbee in her hands.", "An old man watching a toddler play with a frisbee in a yard.", "A grandfather and grandfather playing in a yard. ", "An elderly man watching a small girl with a Frisbee clutched in her hand."]
["A person that is catching a frisbee in the air.", "The man is standing by the plane holding a frisbee ", "a man with a gray shirt is playing frisbee", "A man holding a throwing disc in front of a small plane on a grassy field.", "A man standing in a field next to an airplane."]
["A man that is sitting on a couch with a dog.", "A man sitting on his couch using his laptop", "A man sitting on a couch by a dog viewing a laptop.", "A man sitting on a couch next to a dog.", "The man is typing on his red laptop on a table"]
["a dog that is sitting at a keyboard", "A dog is sitting in front of a keyboard.", "A puppy reaching up to put its paws on a desk near a computer keyboard.", "A collie sits at a black keyboard, poised to type. ", "A dog is looking up at a computer."]
["A fluffy dog with his head resting on an open book.", "An adorable dog resting his head on an open book.", "A dog is laying on a book while staring at the camera.", "a wide eyed doggy resting his head on an open book", "A little dog rests her head in an open book."]
["A man throws a Frisbee on a green lawn at dusk.", "A young person is in the process of throwing a Frisbee.", "a person in a field with a frisbee ", "A young boy is playing with a ball in his yard. ", "A young man standing on top of a green field."]
["A brown dog on a bed looking towards a bright window.", "A yellow dog with silver collar sitting on a bed looking at an object.", "A dog sitting on a bed, looking at a lamp", "A dog sitting on a bed in a red room staring off-camera.", "Dog staring off at something while sitting on the bed."]
["two zebras in a field near one another ", "A couple of zebra walking across a green field.", "Two zebra are walking near a gravel road.", "two zebras in a green field of grass and some trees", "A zebra follows another zebra through a park."]
["Three dogs running around a field with a woman holding a frisbee.", "A woman at a park with three dogs.", "A group of dogs running around a field.", "A lady playing Frisbee with three dogs in a park.", "A woman in grassy field with three dogs."]
["a couple of dogs are standing with each other", "two black dogs on leashes and some brown grass ", "A small black dog standing next to a larger black dog on a red leash.", "Two dogs standing with leashes on them while looking at something. ", "Some very cute looking dogs together on leashes."]
["A man playing a game of frisbee with himself.", "there are many pictures of a man catching a frisbee", "A person is catching a Frisbee in a park near a city.", "Several shots of someone that is jumping up to catch a frisbee.", "A man is playing with a Frisbee in a field."]
["Two zebras are standing next to each other in an enclosure.  ", "two zebras looking at me that have slightly  different markings", "Two zebras at the zoo standing next to each other", "Two zebras in captivity stand together behind the fence of their enclosure.", "Two zebra out in a pen with some birds."]
["A group of Zebras grazing in a field.", "Zebras are standing around in a large field.", "A group of zebras stand in field next to each other.", "A heard of zebras in a grassy field.", "A herd of zebras grazes in a grassy field. "]
["A man holding a red frisbee on a lush green yard.", "A young man in the process of throwing a frisbee in a yard.", "A man is in a yard getting ready to throw a frisbee.", "Men playing Frisbee on the lawn at a get-together. ", "A man standing on the grass preparing to throw a frisbee."]
["A man is playing with a Frisbee on a balcony.", "A man catching a frisbee near a group of tables.", "A man in a blue shirt catches a Frisbee thrown to him.", "a man standing while attempting a trick with a white frisbee", "A man who is balancing a Frisbee on his hand."]
["A zebra laying next to another zebra on a dirt covered floor.", "Two zebras laying down in their habitat at a zoo", "Two zebras enjoying a peaceful day in the sun.", "A pair of zebras are laying on the sand", "Two zebras laying in the sand by some logs"]
["A lone zebra standing near some leaves in the grass.", "a zebra is standing in its pen and some green plants and grass", "a solitary zebra standing in the shade beneath a tree", "A zebra standing on top of lush green grass.", "A zebra stands alone in  bare, artificial habitat."]
["a single zebra standing by some rocks while eating some grass ", "A zebra stands next to rocks by himself. ", "Food that goes into a zebra eventually has to come out of the zebra.", "A zebra looking around a tree curiously while standing in a small pasture.", "A captive zebra turns back to look mournfully at the camera. "]
["A zebra and its foal in the shade of a tree.", "Two zebras outside on a field during the day.", "A herd of zebra standing next to each other.", "A small zebra standing near a larger zebra under a tree.", "Adult and a baby zebra walking around on a dirt ground."]
["a close up of a zebra walking on a dirt ground ", "Two zebras are standing outside by a fence", "Two zebras move around in their zoo enclosure", "Two zebras hang out by the fence in the zoo.", "An adult and baby zebra near a wooden fence enclosure."]
["A family riding on a horse and buggy ride near the White House.", "A horse drawn carriage driving down a street next to cars.", "Tourists take a ride in a couch past the nation's capitol.", "A person that is on a horse in the road.", "A brown horse pulling a carriage with people on it"]
["Two horses pulling an older styled coach passing a home.", "A horse being pulled on a track, in front of a house.", "Two horses that are pulling a carriage behind them.", "Two brown horses pulling a black carriage and driver.", "two horses pulling a car with a house in the background"]
["A couple of black horses pulling a wagon along a road.", "Two horses are pulling a carriage in an Amish community. ", "Horse drawn carriage with a pair of black horses in front. ", "Two horses that are pulling a carriage in the street.", "two horses pull a carriage on a street"]
["A horse is standing in the stables in the hay", "A close up shot of a horse sitting in its area. ", "A horse standing on the ground behind a fence.", "A closeup of a horse in a stable looking at the camera", "A tawny horse in a holding pen looking at the camera."]
["A man riding his horse in some deep water.", "a person riding a horse in a large body of water", "A man walks a horse through the ocean water", "A man riding a horse in the ocean near a beach.", "A man on a brown horse rides through a river."]
["The colorful cake with candles is shaped like a horse.", "A horse cake with candles that are unlit in the cake. ", "a cake with candy on it sits on a plastic trey", "This is a cake decorated with the image of a multi-colored horse.", "Cake decorated with candy on plastic lid displayed on table."]
["A man riding on the back of a white horse next to other horses.", "A man leads a group of horse while on horseback.", "A man with a brown sweater and tan cap riding a white horses with other horses around him and a dog walking along the sidewalk.", "A man on a white horse is leading other horses down the street.", "This is a man riding a white horse leading a line of horses behind him."]
["A horse figurine that is used as a key chain. ", "A toy horse is on the road alone. ", "A toy horse appears to trot across a road", "Someone has lost their toy horse on the busy street.", "A toy horse is stood upright on the side of a street."]
["A cop on brown horse on sidewalk next to truck.", "A man riding on a horse on a street.", "A policeman on a horse is by a coke truck.", "A cop that is on top of a horse.", "A man in uniform rides a horse past a coke truck"]
["A horse drawn carriage traveling down a cobble stone street.", "a horse is pulling a buggy on a rock road", "A horse drawn carriage with a single man inside.", "A man is riding in a horse drawn carriage", "A horse pulling a cart down a road."]
["Four horses with people riding them in the water. ", "THERE ARE HORSES THAT ARE WALKING IN THE WATER ", "Four people riding horses in shallow water near a forest.", "A group of people riding on the back of horses.", "Several horses with riders crossing a body of water."]
["Two horses on a beach near the water", "A couple of people riding horses on a  beach.", "a couple of horses running on a beach", "A pair of young women ride horses on the beach by the water.", "Two horseback riders are at the beach on a sunny day"]
["there is a zebra that is seen standing next to a tree", "A zebra standing in a zoo pin looking down.", "One zebra standing under a branch near a rocky cave.", "A zebra standing next to a tall stone structure.", "A zebra is standing on a dirt field behind it is a huge tree."]
["A pair of zebra's looking on at the camera in a pin.", "A large group of zebra standing in a fenced in area.", "Several zebras behind a fence at the zoo.", "there are six zebras being held in captivity ", "A bunch of zebras are standing in a pin together"]
["A group of people sit next to horses. ", "Two women taking care of the two horses.", "Women on stools watch and feed the horses", "Two ladies seated next to horses and a bicycle parked nearby", "Two horses are being fed by people eating at a table."]
["Three zebra stand close together in tall grass.", "Two adult zebras and a baby zebra standing in a field of grass.", "A trio of zebras stand in the lush savanna.", "a close up of three zebras on a hill with mountains in the background", "A baby zebra eating grass with its parents in a field."]
["Two horses in a field next to a fence.", "the two horses are standing along the fence looking out. ", "a brown horse behind each other on very high grass", "A couple of brown horses standing on a lush green field.", "Two horses near a wooden fence, behind them is a field of tall grass."]
["A couple of large brown horses pulling a cart behind them.", "A man plowing field with the help of two horses.", "Two horses tilling a field by carrying a plow across it. ", "Two horses dragging a plow while a man follows behind.", "Two big Clydesdale horses pulling a plow held in the back by a farmer"]
["three men dressed like cowboys riding on horses", "Two people riding horses side by side through a park.", "there are several men that are riding horses together", "A couple of men on horses in a field.", "Cowboys on horseback gather on a grassy field."]
["A couple of people riding horses down a dirt road.", "people on horses riding around the bush ntear a fores", "People are riding horses on a grassy path. ", "Two people ride horses along a worn path.", "Two people are riding horses down a trail."]
["some horses are running and a man is riding in front", "A herd of horses running in line behind a horse mounted with a man. ", "A man rides a horse near a small herd of running horses.", "Eight horses running as they're being rounded up", "A group of horses galloping on a field."]
["A couple of brown horses standing in front of a building.", "Two horses standing outside a building in a town.", "A couple of horses standing outside of a building.", "Two horses hitched in front of a shop named \"The White Horse\".", "Tow horses tied up outside a restaurant called The White Horse"]
["Horses kicking up dirt and grass, behind a fence.", "Two horses running in a paddock and kicking up mud.", "Two black and brown horses in grassy field next to fence.", "A brown horse standing next to a black horse on a lush green field.", "there is a black horse and a white horse together"]
["A man riding on the back of a brown horse through a river.", "a person is riding a horse through some water", "Man on horseback is jumping in the water.", "A jockey is riding a horse across a river.", "a person in a black shirt a horse water and trees"]
["an image of a woman  riding a horse and jumping over bars", "A person is riding a horse which is jumping over an obstacle.\n", "A person on a horse jumping over a fence.", "Young person show jumping during an equestrian event", "RACE HORSE AND JOCKEY JUMPING OVER THE RAILS"]
["THERE IS A MAN ON A RACE HORSE JUMPING OVER A FENCE ", "a horse and jockey jumping over a wooden relay mark", "A person riding on a horse and jumping over a log.", "A jockey is riding a horse jumping over a branch.", "A person on a horse jumps a log."]
["A performer attending to an injured brown horse.", "Brown and black horse laying down in the mud.", "a horse laying on a field with people behind a fence", "a person with a crazy black hate kneeling near a horse", "People watching a clown communicating with a horse in a rodeo", "People watching a clown console a horse during a rodeo"]
["A male equestrian in full gear on a trotting white horse in a white fenced horse ring. ", "A man in an English riding outfit on a white horse.", "a person riding a horse out side in a circle", "A man on a horse at a formal equestrian event", "A man riding on a white horse in an arena"]
["a woman in full riding gear atop a horse", "A young person riding a brown horse in front of a parked car.", "The young jockey is dressed in polo gear, atop a beautiful brown and white horse in front of a white post fence.", "A girl rides her horse on a track with her helmet.", "A woman is riding a horse within a fence. "]
["A man riding a horse in front of a fence.", "a man on a white horse in a stable ridding", "a man on a horse standing in side a white fence", "A person in a fancy outfit riding on a big pretty horse.", "A man riding on the back of a white horse."]
["A man riding on the back of a horse through a river.", "A person is riding a horse through water.\n", "Horse and rider crossing waterway during competitive event.", "A woman riding a horse splashes through a large puddle.", "A young man riding a horse through some water."]
["A man jumping a horse over an obstacle.", "A person jumping a horse over an object.", "An equestrian competitor and his horse jumping over a stile", "A horse and jockey jump over bush hurdles .", "A rider and horse jump over a wooden brush obstacle."]
["A couple of horses standing next to each other.", "Two horse stand next to each other on a cloudy day. ", "The two black horses are wearing harnesses ", "A couple of horses standing on a field.", "Two dark horses are standing under cloudy skies."]
["Two jockeys race their horses down a track.", "A pair of horses with jockeys riding them on a track.", "Jockeys racing horses at an outdoor race behind a fence.", "A group of people sitting on horses in the grass.", "The jockeys are racing on the backs of horses. "]
["A large herd of horses riding on either side of two men.", "A man with a horde of horses, he appears to be herding them.", "There is a herd of horses running and there is two people in the center of the herd on horses directing them.", "Men are riding horses among other horses. ", "There are many horses standing in the field."]
["Two men riding horses along the body of water.", "two people riding horses near a body of water", "Two men ride on brown and white horses near a lake.", "A picture of some people on some horses.", "Two men ride their horses along the lake."]
["A man riding a horse up the side of a tree.", "a man riding a horse is outside with others", "A horse bucking with a rider on it, completely vertical, with another horse and onlookers.", "A horse has jumped vertically onto it's hind legs with a rider on back.", "A horse that is jumping vertically in front of a wooden pole."]
["A beautiful woman riding on the back of a white horse.", "A woman riding a white horse near busses. ", "A woman in equestrian gear rides a white horse.", "A young girl riding a large white horse. ", "A young girl who is practicing how to ride a horse."]
["An Equestrian jumping their horse over a white jump. ", "A brown horse and rider are going over a hurdle.", "A woman wearing white pants, a black jacket and boots sits on a horse that is jumping over a white fence.", "An equestrian on a horse is jumping over a hurdle in an indoor horse track", "A jockey on a horse jumping over a hurdle"]
["A woman in riding gear riding a horse in a dirt arena.", "A woman riding on the back of a brown horse.", "A woman with a helmet on riding on a horse.", "a female in a black jacket is riding a brown and white horse", "a lady that is riding on a big horse"]
["Four red horses with a man on the farthest one.", "A line of brown red horses stand, and a man sits on one.", "A man astride a horse next to 3 other horses\n", "Four horses and a man with a hat sitting on one.", "Four brown horses standing in a row with one man riding."]
["A woman riding a gray horse in the middle of a street.", "A woman wearing a riding costume side saddle atop a horse.", "A rider mounted side saddle on a beautiful horse.", "A woman dressed up riding a horse on a street. ", "A woman in primitive clothing rides side saddle down road while a crowd watches."]
["A man ridding a horse and leading another horse through some water.", "A man rides one horse and leads another along in shallow water.", "A man on horseback leads another horse through water.", "A man is on a horse in the water.  ", "a male in a white shirt riding a horse and also another horse"]
["An equestrian in riding clothes jumps a horse over a post", "A woman wearing a jockey outfit riding a horse that is jumping over a fence", "a person jumping a horse over an object", "A horse rider is leaping over barriers on her horse.", "A woman riding on the back of a brown horse."]
["A man rides one horse in a group of horses outside in a field.", "Man riding horse with a big group of horses following him. ", "A herd of horses is exercised in the yard, led by a man on horseback.", "A man is riding a yellow horse and rounding up many yellow horses.", "A man riding a horse guiding other horses. "]
["a man riding among a large herd of horses ", "A man riding a horse in a pack of other horses.", "some white black and brown horses and one man riding a horse", "A person and many horses on a grass field.", "A man riding a horse in the middle of other horses."]
["A young man holding up two skis on top of snow.", "A man holding skis and poles standing in the snow.", "A man holding skiing equipment on the sidewalk of a snow ridden street.", "a man carries his skis down a snow ridden sidewalk", "a person holding a pair of skis on a city street"]
["A plate topped with orange slices and eating utensil.", "Sliced oranges are arranged in a line on a plate.", "Orange slices on a white plate sitting on a table.", "A plate with a fork on it and several orange slices, placed on a table.", "A plate of sliced oranges with a fork."]
["A brown plate topped with bananas and a jar of honey.", "A plate with honey, bananas, and cinnamon next to a window.", "A plate of bananas jarred honey and cinnamon in it's packaging. ", "A banana, honey, and cinnamon jar sit close together.", "Bananas, organic cinnamon, and honey on a plate."]
["A cup of coffee sitting next to a banana, apple and glass of orange juice.", "Apple and banana sitting on wicker table with a cup of coffee and a glass of orange juice", "A glass of orange juice and a cup of coffee are next to fruit.", "an apple a banana a cup of orange juice ", "A apple, banana, juice and a cup of coffee on a wicker basket."]
["A crate with cucumbers, oranges and a banana in it. ", "THERE ARE A LOT OF VEGETABLE AND ORAGNES IN A BASKET", "A basket that is full of fruits and vegetables.", "a basket with zuchinni, oranges, and bananas clustered together", "cucumbers oranges and bananas in a wicker bowl "]
["This is a black and white photo but the bananas are in color", "A bunch of bananas hanging from a building.", "A roadside stand with hanging bunches of bananas on display. ", "A group of people standing outside of a sore selling bananas.", "Color corrected photograph of people next to market with bananas."]
["A skier in the snow in front of the water.", "A man cross country skiing on a beach.", "A woman in red vest skiing on a slope next to ocean.", "A man on skies standing on a snow covered beach by the ocean.", "A woman standing on skis posing for a photo."]
["A small group of men are standing next to a fruit stand.", "A group of people standing outside of a market.", "a group of people wearing back packs in front on produce stand", "a group of people with back packs looking at fruit ", "People with backpacks shopping at an outdoor stand with fruits and vegetables."]
["so many oranges and ripe ones with price labels", "Several baskets are full of tangerines off the tree.", "A pile of oranges sitting in brown straw baskets.", "several wicker baskets containing large groups of oranges", "A bushel of oranges have stickers on them."]
["A woman seated near buckets and baskets of oranges.", "A woman sitting in a produce market surrounded by fruit.", "A woman standing in front of baskets of lemons.", "A woman in patterned shirt next to trays of citrus fruit.", "a person sitting near many fruits in bucktes"]
["A picture of a man in the air on his skis going towards a snowy hill. ", "a vintage photo of a few gentlemen skiing and doing tricks", "Skiers in the snow in an old picture ", "A man skiing with two other men watching.", "A skier from early in the 20th century jumps from a snow covered hilltop."]
["A person cross country skiing on a road.", "A person on skates using poles to move.", "A woman skate skiing on the paved road.", "A person cross country skating along a road lined by posts", "a person is skate skiing and some plants and trees"]
["a young child in glasses is wearing a baseball glove", "A boy with a glove gets hit by a baseball", "A  young boy wearing a catchers mitt while getting hit by a ball.", "A child misses catching a baseball and is struck in the abdomen.", "A little boy that is standing up with a glove."]
["A scared boy holding a baseball glove out towards a baseball.", "A little boy is playing baseball and looks afraid to catch it.", "A young man holding a catchers mitt catching a baseball.", "A boy tosses a baseball up in the air.", "a young boy trying to catch a baseball"]
["A young boy tossing a ball into the air.", "a young person with a glove and a ball", "The little boy is playing baseball with his ball and glove", "A young boy with a mitt on tosses a ball up in the air.", "A boy throws a baseball into the air."]
["a young child holding a ball and a catchers mitt.", "A young boy is skittishly catching a ball in his glove.", "A child with glasses catching a baseball in his glove.", "There is a young boy with glasses playing baseball", "A girl in a blue and black jacket holds a mitt with a baseball in it."]
["A group of people with bananas tied to their bicycles.", "A group of people and motorcycles with bananas on the side.", "A crowd of people standing near motorcycles carrying bananas.", "a line of parked bikes with bananas attacted to them", "Bikes parked side by side with lots of green bananas on them."]
["Chocolate ice cream next to a banana on a flat surface.", "a table that has a banana and some ice cream on it", "Organic ice cream with a banana next to it.", "A container of ice cream and a banana on a table. ", "A can and banana on top of the table"]
["A large crowd of people stand in the snow outside a building. ", "a group of people standing in the snow next to a building", "A large crowd of skiers gathered near a ski lodge.", "A group of people standing on snow covered ground.", "Lots of people are crowded near the snow lodge."]
["A person riding skis across snow covered ground.", "A Photo of a man on skis gliding on flat snow .", "A person is cross country skiing in the snow.", "A person wearing skis going through the snow.", "A person cross country skiing, heading away from the viewer."]
["A person is walking through the snow on skis.", "A man cross country skiing along a snowy road", "A person snow skiing on a flat road.", "a person in grey and black is cross country skiing.", "A young person leisurely cross country skiing down a trail."]
["A cutting board with cut broccoli and a knife.", "Broccoli on a cutting board with a knife on a table.", "broccoli is being chopped up on a cutting board", "Broccoli is partially chopped up on a cutting board.", "Broccoli is on a cutting board and is being cut in to smaller pieces."]
["A guinea pig in a cage with carrots and broccoli.  ", "A hamster in a cage with partially eaten carrots and broccoli.", "A guinea pig in his cage eats carrots and broccoli.", "A gerbil is eating vegetables in a cage.", "a hamster eating some veggies in its cage "]
["A man in a blue and white baseball uniform preparing to throw a baseball.", "A man in a baseball uniform and mitt behind a fence.", "A baseball player wearing a catchers mitt on a field.", "A baseball player lifts his leg behind a chain link fence", "a man is wearing a baseball glove at a game"]
["Two insects on a tree that look similar to peeled bananas.", "There seem to be two large bugs eating bananas ", "Two strange bugs walking on  a stick", "Two bananas are on a stick and they each hace a creature on them. ", "A couple of butterflys sitting next to ripe bananas."]
["A woman flipping over in the air while riding skis.", "a person doing a flip on skis up side down in the air", "A person with skis in the middle of a flip", "A skier flips upside in the air performing a high jump in the mountains.", "Skier in colorful jacket falling vertically at tree level."]
["A skier skiing down a snowy mountain. ", "A person with yellow snow pants down s skiing past a photographer. ", "A skier is coming down the slopes on a sunny day,", "A person wearing a yellow scarf is skiing down a slope.", "a person in yellow and black skiing on the white snow"]
["A cross country skier on a snowy trail", "a person on skis looking back at the camera", "A man stops to look at the trees while cross-country skiing.", "The skater is moving among the tall trees.", "a person standing on a pair of skis  on top of the snow"]
["A man trekking  through the snowy woods on skis", "A man riding skis across a snow covered forest.", "A man cross country skiing up a hill between rows of trees.", "Person going up a snowy hill on cross country skis.", "A man cross countring sking on a set of trails."]
["A wooden table holding a black tray of meat and rice.", "A tray of different foods on a table", "A food tray with meat and vegetables on wooden counter.", "a tray of asian food on a wood table", "A party platter with various foods and dip."]
["a small gray and black raccoon and some broccoli", "A toy raccoon standing on a pile of broccoli.", "A toy raccoon is placed on the green broccoli.", "A toy raccoon sitting on a bunch of broccoli.", "a CGI photo of a animal sitting on some vegetables "]
["A close up picture of a group of bananas.", "An artistic closeup of a bunch of bananas.", "View from underneath a bunch of bananas hanging in a tree.", "A bunch of bananas are sitting on top of a counter.", "a bunch of bananas are bunched together "]
["A boy skateboards by a train during a sunset.", "A skateboarder doing a trick silhouetted against the sky.", "A male skateboarder doing a kickflip on the street.", "A boy jumping in the air with his skateboard.", "Man who is outside doing a trick on his skateboard."]
["A view of a bunch of apples sitting on a stand.", "A large variety of apples lined up at the store.", "Various types of apples set up at a fruit market", "A market with various fruits arranged for sale.", "The produce area of a market with fruits and vegetables."]
["a plate with various foods sits on top of the place mat", "A plate of meat, rice and vegetables are sitting on a table.", "A plate of food with a knife and fork, a drink with some food in a bowl.", "A plate on a mat with steak, rice and vegetables.", "A plate of meat, rice, and vegetables is on the table."]
["A plate full of food accompanied by a glass of wine. ", "A plate with a sandwich and fries on it in front of a glass of beer.", "A sandwich and fries beside a drink on a table.", "Plate of food with french fries and a drink.", "A plate of food with a sandwich and some fries."]
["A close-up of a plate of pasta containing broccoli.", "Having a pasta dinner on the deck with a glass of beer.", "A plate of food is on an outdoor table with wine.", "A plate sitting on a table topped with rice pasta and vegetables.", "The food and the alcoholic beverage are sitting on the table."]
["A stove top with food being prepared on it ", "A frying pan heating on the stove next to a plate of broccoli.", "Pots on top of a stove next to a counter top.", "A pan sitting on a stove top with some broccoli ", "an image of a plate and a skillet with food in them"]
["Man holding up three almost empty glasses of wine. ", "A man holding three empty wine glasses in his hands.", "A man is holding up three empty wine glasses.", "A man holding three wine glasses in his hands.", "A man is holding three used wine glasses. "]
["A white bowl filled with vegetables on top of a wooden table.", "A close up of a bowl containing potatoes and broccoli.", "A bowl containing broccoli and potatoes sitting on a wooden table.", "The broccoli and potatoes are placed in a bowl.", "a brown table with a bowl of some broccoli and another vegetable"]
["A plate of spaghetti with broccoli and mushrooms", "A pasta dish with a oil-based sauce and broccoli", "A plate of spaghetti dish with broccoli and pine nuts", "A play of pasta that has broccoli and other things in it", "A table with a plate of noodles with broccoli."]
["Two bottles of apple cider, an apple and a garnished entree.", "Some shredded meat on a tortilla with cilantro.", "A plate of crab meat served next to an apple", "A small pasta dish with cider behind it\n", "A white plate topped with food next to an apple."]
["A skateboarder is doing a trick over an object.", "A man is doing a trick on a skateboard", "A young man riding through the air on top of a skate board.", "A man in white shirt doing a trick on a skateboard.", "A man doing a trick on a skateboard off of a trailer."]
["A Subway Sandwich with chips, raisins and a coffee cup.", "A Subway sandwich, potato chips, raisins, and a mug of coffee.", "A half a subway sandwich sitting on top of a paper.", "A half eaten sandwich sitting on a wrapper.", "The lunch features a large loaded subway sandwich."]
["some people water buildings and a skateboarder doing a trick", "A person on a skateboard being watched by a crowd.", "A young man jumps his skateboard over concrete obstacles in front of a crowd.", "A boy does a trick on a skateboard as others watch.", "A boy on a skateboard does a jump while a big crowd watches."]
["A boy flying through the air above his skateboard.", "A man doing a trick on a skateboard over some steps.", "A person is performing on a skate board for a crowd.", "A man is doing a trick on a skate board.", "a man is doing a trick on a skateboard"]
["This table has a variety of fruit and vegetables on it.", "Plates of broccoli, celery, beans, carrots and cucumbers on a table.", "A kitchen table covered in plates and food containers.", "A table filled with plates of fresh vegetables.", "A table containing a variety of food items."]
["A man is sitting down on a skateboard", "The skateboarder is taking the trip down the streetseated.", "A boy wearing a helmet sits on a skateboard, on the sidewalk", "a vintage photo of a man sitting on a skateboard ", "A teenage boy is riding on the street with a skateboard."]
["A man that is standing on a skateboard in the street.", "a person riding a skate board at a skate park", "A man riding a skateboard around a skate park.", "A large group watches a skate boarder prepare to do a stunt", "A young man riding a skateboard in front or an audience."]
["A bowl full of vegetable soup and a spoon.", "A spoon is in a bowl of food with liquid.", "At the very least, this soup contains noodles and carrots.", "The chicken soup is full of cut vegetables.", "a spoon in a bowl full of vegetable soup"]
["A cup of coffee sitting in front of a keyboard.", "A cup of coffee with a keyboard next to it.", "A cup of coffee sits next to a keyboard and mouse.", "A cup of coffee sitting in front of a keyboard.", "Cup of coffee on the desk in front of keyboard"]
["A little girl puts and carrot in her mouth and then puts it in a man's mouth.", "A collage has three images of a girl with a carrot.", "A baby playing with baby toys with an adult.", "The baby girl was playing with her carrot.", "A collage of photos of a baby playing with her toys,"]
["A young child riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A little girl is sitting in snow with skis.", "A girl is sitting on the snowy ground with a pair of skis.", "A girl sits on top of skis in the snow.", "a girl in a red jacket is sitting in the snow with her skis"]
["Outdoors by a stately building on a snowy day, someone with an umbrella converses with two skiers.", "Some people standing in the snow by a white house.", "The people are standing in front of a white fence. ", "two people on snow skies talking to a person holding an umbrella", "A group of people standing outside of a mansion in the snow."]
["A female skateboarding barefoot with a purple effect applied to background. ", "A woman in a photo on a skate board", "A young woman on a weird skate board.", "A woman is standing on a skateboard with her arms outstretched.", "A woman in shorts and a tank top skateboards inside"]
["Boy doing skateboard trick in air at a skate park.", "Skateboarders at a concrete skate park perform tricks.", "A man riding a skate board launching off a ramp.", "Skateboarders doing stunts in an outdoor skate park.", "man on skateboard jumps over platform in skate park"]
["A young man riding up the side of a dry swimming pol on a skateboard.", "A man doing skate tricks in a skate park", "A skateboarder in grey doing a trick on the side of a ramp.", "an image of a boy playing on a skateboard", "A boy is doing a trick on a skateboard"]
["A boy dressed in safety gear on a skateboard on a basketball court.", "A young boy is skateboarding while wearing a helmet.", "A little boy is standing with a helmet on a skateboard.", "A young skate boarder on a sports court", "A skateboarder wears a red Mickey Mouse shirt."]
["A woman holding a hotdog and reaching for ketchup at a food cart.", "woman at a hot dog cart holding a hot dog and a ketchup bottle", "Two young women order hotdogs from a vendor in this black and white street scene.", "Two women ordering hot dogs at a hot dog stand. ", "A woman buying something from a food cart on a sidewalk."]
["The image shows a series of a snowboarder's descent down the slope. ", "A photograph of several images of the same young man ridding a snowboard through the woods.", "A time lapse image of a snowboarder gliding forward", "Six people are snow boarding down the hill.", "A bunch of different images of a man on a snowboard."]
["A plate with a vegetable filled pita sandwich, french fries and tartar sauce.", "A fresh lunch of fries, ranch dressing, and pita rolls.", "A plate filled with french fries and a pita sandwich.", "A plate containing french fries and wrapped vegetables.", "A pita and some fries sit on a large, white plate."]
["a guy skate boarding on the edge of a wall", "a person riding a skate board on a ledge ", "Boy performing skateboarding jump in parking lot at night", "A man that is on a skateboard near a fence.", "a man is grinding a block on a skateboaard"]
["A sandwich and sauce is placed on a plate at the dinner table.", "A sandwich and a boul of soup on a plate", "A plate topped with a grilled sandwich and a cup of soup.", "A plate of food with a sandwich and tomato dip. ", "A close up view of some tasty looking food."]
["a white plate with many different food items ", "french fries, coleslaw, lettuce, tomato, lemon, and crab sit on a table ", "A plate of food with bread, fried crab, cole slaw, a lemon, tomato, pickle and lettuce on it. ", "A restaurant sandwich platter on a plaid tablecloth.", "A meal on a plate with toppings, side items, and sauces."]
["A table topped with two glass containers of food.", "A plate of food with two beers poured in a glass.", "The beer glasses are full and ready to enjoy.", "some full glasses sitting next to a plate with a sandwich and some salad ", "A bowl of salad next to a plate with a sandwich, salad and two glasses of beer."]
["A kitchen in a restaurant with several hot dogs on a grill with some buns. ", "Hot dogs are being cooked on a large grill as a person waits. ", "A person cooking hot dogs on a grill ", "Commercial kitchen with workers cooking and assembling food items.", "A cook at a restaurant cooking hotdogs on a grill."]
["A plate of food with a sandwich and fries.", "A sandwich with lettuce and tomatoes with French fries and ketchup", "There are french fries and a burger on the table.", "Two plates with a sandwich lettuce and tomato and French fries with ketchup.", "Chicken sandwich with tomato and lettuce and side of fries with ketchup. "]
["A person that has some food in her hands.", "a woman and some bicycles and she is holding some food", "A lady holding a sandwich in her hand and looking for something else.", "A lady is looking down at a bun that is vacant of a hotdog.", "a close up of a person holding food with bikes in the background"]
["A sandwich is on a plate with a partially eaten orange.", "a sandwich is cut in half on a white plate", "A pate topped with a cut in half sandwich with chips.", "A cut sandwich on a plate with an empty orange peel.", "A circular dinner plate with a sandwich that is cut in half and a part of an orange peel on the plate."]
["A plate filled with a melted cheese covered sandwich and fries.", "A plate with food and french fries on it", "The plate has a sandwich with many large french fries.", "A food entree is served on a plate.", "A plate of french fries and a hamburger and coleslaw."]
["A man holding a hotdog in one hand and a bun i the other.", "This man is holding a breadstick and a bun.", "A man holding a hot dog wiener and a sandwich bun at a table.", "A man sitting at a wooden table eating food.", "A man with a hotdog in one hand and a piece of bread in the other."]
["People partaking in food and drink at a restaurant.", "A white plate with food on top sitting next to a glass of wine.", "A plate of fish and vegetables next to a glass of beer.", "a plate full of food next to a glass of beer", "an image of a plate of food with drinks"]
["Kid seductively eating a hot dog at a baseball game.", "A woman at a ballpark eating a hotdog.", "A boy in a ball cap eats a hot dog at a ball park.", "A woman at a sports game eating a large sub.", "A woman eating a sandwich in stands at a sports competition."]
["The man is getting ready to eat the thing he is holding.", "A man that is holding a pigs foot in his hand.", "A group of people in a hotel seated ", "The man holds a pig foot next to his mouth. ", "a man is licking a pig foot in a store"]
["A display case filled with various donuts and other sweets.", "This is a display of different kinds of donuts", "Several types of donuts sitting in a case behind glass.", "various donuts in a lighted case with information signs about them", "Assorted doughnuts on display on shelves in bakery shop."]
["Slices of ham on a black tray next to a knife", "a close up of a ham on a stove", "A delicious ham set in the kitchen on the stove. ", "A large bone in ham cooking in an oven.", "A pan with ham on it sitting on top of an oven with a knife next to it."]
["A smiling woman is holding up an uneaten sandwich as she stands in front of a beach.", "Woman holding a half eaten sandwich while walking on beach", "A woman eating food at a sandy beach.", "a woman wearing shades and holding a sandwich by the sea", "Altered photograph of a woman eating a hamburger at the beach"]
["A meal of chicken topped by a fried egg.", "A plate with leftover eatables and a fork and a knife.", "Meal of fried egg and toasted tortilla shells on a dinner plate.", "A plate of food has an egg and some lettuce.", "a close up of a plate of food on a table"]
["A man making donuts at a grocery store", "Bakers are baking donuts behind the counter. ", "A man in an apron works in a bakery making donuts.", "Two merchants are preparing pastries in a store.", "A man preparing donuts at a donut shop. "]
["A display case in a donut shop filled with lots of donuts.", "A glass display with trays of different donuts.", "Donuts at the super market that are for sale.", "A display case filled with a variety of donuts.", "many kinds of donuts on display in an asian market"]
["A man on a surfboard in the water.", "Two surfers are out in the ocean with surfboards.  ", "The silhouette of a man rides a wave on a white surf board.", "The man is riding the waves on his surfboard in the water. ", "A surfer is riding a small wave in the ocean."]
["A couple of white plates with sandwiches on top of them.", "Hands next to two plates of food that include sandwiches.", "Sandwiches with omelets sit on white plates on a table.", "Two egg sandwiches on baguettes served on white plates. ", "A person is displaying two sandwiches with their hands."]
["A young girl eats a doughnut near another woman.", "She can barely get her hands around that fat donut.", "A little girl wearing a tiara is eating a donut.", "A young child wears a princess costume and eats a dough nut.", "A young girl wearing a princess costume eats a donut."]
["There are three donuts on a white plate", "A plate with three doughnuts on a table.", "A plate of partially eaten donuts next to a beverage glass. ", "A white plate topped with three partially eaten donuts.", "A white plate containing donuts next to cup of beer."]
["A woman crossing the street carrying a surfboard under each arm.", "People on a crosswalk, most of them carrying surfboards.", "a woman in a blue top carrying two surfboards across a street", "A woman crossing a crowded street with two surf boards", "people walking by a beach area carrying surfboards"]
["A father, daughter and infant sitting on a green sofa.", "A man, little girl and a baby sit on a couch.", "A man and two young girls sitting on a green couch.", "A man sitting on a couch beside a little girl who is holding a baby.", "a man with two little children on a couch"]
["A group of people water surfing in the ocean waters", "Two surfers floating in the water amid low waves.", "The two girls are biding their time waiting for the next wave.", "Two kids on surfboards floating in the water.", "A black and white photo of two girls waiting for a wave to surf on."]
["this is a man riding a wave with a board", "A man is surfing with several other surfers in the background. ", "Surfers in wetsuits ride on the waves in the ocean.", "several people in the ocean sitting on surf boards", "A man in a wetsuit is sitting on a surfboard. "]
["A group of people on the shore with their surf boards.", "Some surfers are about to go surfing in the ocean. ", "A group of people in wet suits with surfboards on a beach.", "Several men are on a beach getting ready to go surfing. ", "This is several people at the beach about to surf."]
["A cook is seen in a open kitchen making donuts", "A man making doughnuts on a large mechanical assembly line.", "Workers busy making donuts in a commercial bakery", "A man works with a machine that is producing donuts. ", "A baker puts donuts on a cookie sheet."]
["A male standing with an upright surfboard on a beach.", "A surfer poses with his surf board at the beach", "A man standing on a beach while holding a surfboard.", "there is a male suffer holding his surf board", "A man holding a surf board wearing a wet suit on the beach."]
["A surfer, surfboard under his arm, near a no swimming sign on a beach.", "there is a surfer that is walking towards the water", "A person standing on top of a sandy beach next to a sign.", "A man is standing next to a no swimming sign holding a surfboard. ", "a man is holding a white surfboard by the beach"]
["Two cakes sitting on a class table near a candle.", "Two birthday cakes sitting on a table one has happy birthday pat on it, the other a seven and zero candles.", "Two cakes are sitting on plates on a table. ", "Two birthday cakes sitting on table beside each other.", "Two birthday cakes are setting on a table."]
["A woman on a surfboard is about to fall in thew ater", "A woman surfing nearly parallel to the surface.", "Surfing girl riding a surfboard almost parallel to water", "A girl falling off her surfboard in the ocean.", "The woman is riding the waves on the water."]
["cakes on a plate on a table along with a cup and a fork", "Two plates of pasties and cups of tea on a table.", "There are two plates of different types of food and there is a cup of tea", "Couple of small plates with cake and muffins next to two mugs", "Two plates of pastries and two mugs of tea sitting on a table."]
["Black and white picture of a man carrying a surf board.", "MAN HOLDING SURF BOARD LOOKING DOWN, UNDER A CLOUDY SKY", "A young man is about to go surfing in the ocean. ", "The man in shadow holds his surfboard under his arm.", "A man holding a surfboard in one arm."]
["A plate with open face sandwiches next to a glass of milk and a laptop.", "A plate of brushetta sits beside a tall glass of milk.", "A wooden dining table holding a sandwich and milk.", "A sandwich on a plate and a wine glass filled with milk.", "an open faced sandwich on a plae next to a glass of milk a laptop "]
["Black and white photograph of a person windsurfing.", "a person riding a sail surf board in a body of water", "The man is taking his sailboat back to shore in response to the threatening dark clouds.", "A man windsurfs on the waves off of a beach.", "A windsurfer adjusting his sail in the shallow surf."]
["A man riding a kiteboard on top of a wave in the ocean.", "A person uses a kite to ski on the ocean.", "A person is parasailing out in the water", "A guy is riding the waves in an ocean.", "a man para sailing in the ocean around some cliffs"]
["A huge cake with decor and flowers siting on a table. ", "I do not know what this image is if it is a cake or not.", "A large display of baskets with a flower arrangement on top ", "A large multiple layer cake with yellow frosting flowers.", "A small tower with baskets and flowers on it."]
["A group of three children sitting on a lush green field.", "Three boys sitting on grass smiling and two holding paper plates.", "Three boys sitting on the grass holding plates with cake crumbs.", "Three boys sit in the grass eating cake.", "Three young boys with a plate with some cake on it."]
["A man standing on top of a paddle board in the ocean.", "A man on a surfboard in the ocean.", "There is a man holding a pole and steering a surfboard", "Adult male standing using a paddle board on open water. ", "A man standing on a paddle surf board paddling with a paddle."]
["A plate of food next to a cup of black coffee.", "A meal at a restaurant consists of a sandwich with chips and a cup of coffee.", "A plate with sandwiches, hot dogs and a cup with a drink", "A plate with sandwich pieces, potato chips, and salad", "a plate full of chips and sandwiches on the table"]
["Someones hand lifting up the top of a hamburger bun. ", "a roast beef sandwich sitting on a table ", "A hand holding up a  meat and sauce covered sandwich.", "A person is lifting up the top bun of their sandwich to see what is inside.", "A sandwich with pieces of meat on a bun."]
["A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A surfer surfing a wave next to a fishing dock in the ocean.", "A surfer by a pier riding a wave.", "A surfer riding a wave in front of a line of wooden posts.", "a man is on a surfboard at the beach"]
["A man riding a surfboard on top of a large wave.", "A man in a wet suit riding a wave on a surfboard.", "A man in a wetsuit riding a wave on a surf board.", "A man on a surf board riding a wave.", "A man surfing a wave in the ocean."]
["Several surfers are in the ocean with their boards.", "Woman about to walk into the tide with surfboard", "A group of surfers are spending time at the beach.", "a person that has a surfboard in his hand", "A woman in a wet suit carrying a surf board into the waves."]
["A woman cutting a birthday cake surrounded by friends.", "A young girl watches as a birthday cake is cut.", "A teenage girl stands near two older women, one of whom is cutting a decorated birthday cake on a table.", "A couple of women standing around a kitchen table.", "Three women standing around a table slicing a cake."]
["People are watching a movie on their laptop.", "An open laptop reveals a face as it sits on a bed with a yellow cover.", "An open laptop is sitting on a person's bed.", "A laptop computer is sitting on a bed.", "A person laying in bed with his laptop and someone's picture is on the screen."]
["A man riding a white surfboard on top of a wave.", "A man in a wetsuit jumping waves on a surf board.", "A surfer rides a wave with his body almost sideways. ", "this man is riding a wave on his board", "a  young man standing on a surfboard riding a wave in the ocean"]
["A young woman riding a white surfboard on blue water in the ocean.", "A woman takes a ride on a wave with a surf board.", "WOMAN WITH HAIR IN PONY TAIL SURFING IN THE OCEAN", "A girl surfing the waves on the ocean.", "A young female surfer just rode a wave at the beach"]
["A bedroom with a fancy bedroom set and linens.", "A very colorful, plush bedroom in some sort of a resort is quite garish. ", "A bedroom has a silky bedspread and pillows.", "An elegantly decorated bedroom setting with palm trees.", "Artistic metal furniture such as bed,dressing table, table etc."]
["A bed in the middle of a very elegant room.", "A large room with a bed and wooden floors.", "A king size bed is in a large bedroom with hardwood floors.", "A bedroom is decorated like a palace bedroom.", "A antique style bedroom with hardwood floors and accessories."]
["A group of four people standing around each other.", "The friends are ready to relax on their rafts.", "Crowd of three men and one blonde holding inflatables by a river", "People standing on a beach with air mattresses near a bunch of porta parties.", "Four people are standing together holding air rafts."]
["A man in a wet suit riding a wave on a surfboard.", "a man is riding a wave on a surfboard", "a man looking up as he rides a surfboard ", "A surfer hitting a trick on a wave, in the water.", "Surfer riding large breaking wave near beach at ocean."]
["A man rides a wave on his surfboard while other surfers watch from the shore.", "a group of men with surfboards watching a guy surf", "A surfer catches a wave as other surfers look on from the land.", "A man riding a surfboard on a wave in the water.", "A surfer riding a wave with surfers in the background."]
["A half eaten cake with a rabbit drawn on top sits on a dish.", "A birthday cake on a tray that is half gone.", "there was a large cake that is more than half eaten", "A cake half eaten sits on a cutting board with a knife beside it.", "a cake on a small table next to a knife"]
["There are four white pillows on the bed. ", "The hotel room headboard is also a desk", "A bed sitting in a room next to a desk and window.", "a bed laying next to a desk and window ", "Modern bedroom with large desk in front of window."]
["There is a bedroom with a large bed and a cluttered desk.", "THERE IS A LIVING ROOM WITH BED IN IT ", "a bedroom with a bed and a computer on a desk", "A bedroom with the door open and a bed and computer.", "A bedroom with a bed that has a blue and white striped comforter.  "]
["Girlfriend surfers paddling out on their surfboards ", "Three girls on surfboards paddling in the ocean. ", "Three hot women in bikini bottoms riding waves on a surfboard.", "Three girls are paddling on their surfboards together.", "Three young women are swimming on their surfboards."]
["A man flying on top of a surfboard on top of a wave.", "A surfer is projected out of the water", "a man in the air above the water holding a surfboard", "A male surfer performs a stunt in the ocean", "A man is holding his surfboard and being knocked by a rough wave"]
["there is a woman that is riding a surf board in the water", "Woman surfing small wave in open ocean area.", "The woman in the bikini is surfing through a wave. ", "A young woman is having fun surfing a small wave.", "A woman is surfing on a wave on the ocean."]
["A kid in wetsuit on surfboard in the ocean.", "A man riding on top of a surfboard in the ocean.", "A young child riding a surf board on a small ocean wave.", "an image of a boy playing on a surfboard riding the waves", "A kid rides the waves on a surfboard."]
["A man riding a board on top of a foamy wave.", "A man that is in the water with a surfboard.", "A surfer is falling off his surfboard and into the water. ", "Man falling into the water as the wave knocks him off his surfboard", "A man falling to the side off of his surfboard "]
["A female surfer rode a wave at the beach", "A surfer is happily surfing through a wave.", "A woman on a surfboard in a wave.", "A woman is smiling as she surfs through a tidal wave.", "A pretty young woman riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean."]
["a bed with some kind of blankets on it", " A messy bed with many books on top of it", "A bed with books and papers and a blanket.", "A bunch of books that are on a bed.", "Sheets of paper on a bed with ragged sheets."]
["A woman laying in bed while reading a book.", "A girl reclining on her bed and reading a book.", "A lady laying on the bed reading a book", "A woman reclining back and reading a book.", "A person lying down and reading a book."]
["A pink colored bedroom with very colorful bedding.", "The bed is made with a quilt and many pillows.", "A bedroom has pink walls and a blue bedspread.", "A bed with a blue and pink bedspread, in a pink room.", "neatly made bed with blue sheets in a pink room"]
["Mattress with covers sitting on rocking frame in empty room. ", "A bed that has a circular frame that surrounds it.", "A bed is sitting in the middle of an empty room.", "A brown bed that is round with wood on the side.", "a bed in a circle like device in a bare room"]
["a made bed with a picture behind it", "A bed that has a large painting behind it.", "A nice bed is delicately laid out for bouncs", "A bed with brown covers and an oil painting at the head end.", "King sized bed with painting tucked underneath end"]
["Person wake boarding in a black wet suit. ", "A male windsurfer is riding along the water on a sunny day.", "a person that is surfing on a body of water", "A man on a wake board is riding on the water", "A person in a wetsuit being pulled through the water on a board"]
["A room with a bed, dresser, mirror, and rocking chair.", "A view of a bedroom, with a rocker in it.", "A rocking chair sits next to a bed in a dimly lit room.", "Attic bedroom with a rocking chair and spindled bed.", "a chair and a bed in a room"]
["A bad that is very white and clean in a room.", "A bed with white pillows. covers, and chairs.", "fancy bedroom set and chairs in white brick room", "A bedroom with a bed, potted plant and two chairs.", "A bedroom with a bed, two chairs, a lamp and potted plant."]
["A person on a surfboard in the water.", "A person is surfing a huge wave while staying upright.", "a surfer in a wet suit is surfing on a red and white board", "A man is surfing on a large wave.", "A surfer hanging 10 on the ocean waves."]
["a close up of a child and an adult ", "A man with a young child and posing for a photo with a piece of food.", "A man that is next to a child with bread.", "a dad showing his boy what is in this food", "A ban and boy are posing for a camera."]
["A group of children playing a game of soccer.", "A group of children run after a soccer ball.", "Little children on a field playing soccer in a park.", "Young boys in team uniforms are playing soccer in a field.", "Children playing soccer on a field with parents watching."]
["A white bed topped with pillows and blankets.", "a white bed with some pillows some curtains and a chair", "A bedroom with a large window and a bed with many pillows and a comforter", "Multi-colored patterned pillows on top of a white in an empty bedroom.", "There is a bed with white sheets and pillows layer on it"]
["A bed with blankets, and pillows on it.", "A made bed that has yellow pillows on it.", "A bed set is made of up the colors fuschia, lime, and yellow.", "The bed is made with purple, white, and green covers.", "the bed is made with a purple and green blanket"]
["A wooden table topped with cakes and desserts.", "Several ornate looking cakes and some cupcakes on display on a table", "a table filled with a huge variety of cakes", "A buffet of a variety of desserts for sale.", "A table full of cakes on glass and ceramic platters"]
["A man using a pair of scissors to cut a pizza", "A pizza sitting on top of a white plate on a table.", "A flat bread pizza on a plate with various toppings", "Large pizza sitting on a table next to beer glasses. ", "An olive pizza, beer, and water glasses behind it."]
["People gathered at the bar covered with pizza, a bag, bottles and glasses", "a wooden table covered in drinks and pizzas", "The table is covered with pizza, wine, and beer.", "Two different pizzas with people taking their own slices.", "A table that has been served pizza on trays"]
["A cake sitting on a kitchen counter next to two stuffed animals.", "Two stuffed bears sit in front of a wedding cake.", "A tabled decorated with a wedding cake, flowers and two stuffed animals.", " A formal white cake on a table next to pink roses", "A wedding cake with two stuff animals on the front "]
["A bed is sitting on a wooden frame.", "A bed sitting in a living room next to lamp on a table.", "A bed with a wood headboard and footboard.", "A bed with branching floral sheets and a vase on the headboard.", "A bed with a wooden frame in a bedroom."]
["A woman fixing her hair on a purple covered bed", "A woman sitting on an ultra-modern canopy-type bed.", "A woman sitting on top of a purple bed with a black covering.", "There is a bed with a type of canopy on it", "A woman sits on the edge of a purple bed that has a black canopy."]
["A pizza with pepperoni and spinach leaves by a beer.", "there is a silver tray with a pizza pie on it", "A pizza sitting on top of a metal pan.", "a fully baked pizza sitting on a tray next to a beer", "Glass of dark beer next to a plate and tray of fresh pizza"]
["A large bed with a white and black blanket.", "A bed on a raised wooden platform with white sheets", "A very nice looking bed with a white back ground.", "A plain bead with very little structure. ", "This is the image if a bed with black and white cover"]
["A sleek, black bedroom looks cold and uninviting. ", "Bed with black sheets and a blue pillow.", "A living area with a bed, shoes and a night stand.", "Image of a bedroom featuring a modern style bed and other furniture.", "A modern style bedroom with black walls and bed sheets, pillows and textured walls."]
["A couple of children sleeping in a bed together under a blanket.", "Two kids laying on a bed in a bedroom", "Two kids laying down propped up on pillows.", "Two children cuddle together on the bottom bunk.", "Two small children lie on the bed near one another."]
["A cat resting on the bed with a bedroom", "A cat stands on a floral-printed quilt on a bed.", "The cat is standing on the corner of the bed. ", "A cat walking on top of a bed in a bedroom.", "A tan cat walking around on a bed in someones bedroom."]
["A bed with a red flowery blanket in a bedroom topped with pillows.", "A small room with pink walls and a wooden floor.", "A BEDROOM WITH A BED IN IT ", "Small bedroom with flowery bedspread and items hanging on the wall", "Clothes hang on a line above the bed."]
["a bed sits under neath a glass fish tank ", "A bed with an aquarium headboard full of fish", "a bed room with a neatly made bed", "large aquarium built over a bed as a headboard", "There is an aquarium built in over the top of the bed"]
["a teal bed and a smaller pet bed sit on a red carpet.", "The dog bed is set up for a pampered pooch.", "A pet bed is beside a large chair with many pillows.", "A blue cabana chair with lots of pillows", "A round bed with lots of pillows next to a cat bed."]
["A woman sleeping on a giant piece of pizza.", "A woman sleeps in a pizza shaped sleeping bag.", "The woman is sleeping in a sleeping bag shaped like a piece of pizza. ", "A woman in a sleeping bag shaped like a mushroom pizza.", "Woman in a sleeping bag that's decorated like a pizza slice, including toppings."]
["A small child's bed sitting next to a window.", "An unmade daybed in a room with art on the walls.", "A bedroom with a day bed next to a window.", "A wicker day bed in a white room with a chandelier.", "Teddy bear lie on a small sofa bed."]
["a person on a surf board rides on a wave ", "A man is on riding the waves on his board. ", "A middle aged man surfing a big wave on his surf board.", "A person rides a wave on his surfboard.", "A man surfing in front of a big wave. "]
["An ocean beach with surfers and people parasailing.", "A busy beach with surfers riding the waves", "Some people are surfing in the ocean and it is cloudy.", "A group of people riding boards on top of a beach.", "A group of people are preparing to surf in the ocean."]
["Two men on a beach playing paddle ball.", "two people playing tennis on a beach near water", "Two guys playing badminton on the beach near the ocean.", "Two men playing paddle board on the beach.", "The men are playing a paddle ball game on the beach."]
["a couple of guys that are eating some food", "A couple of men sitting at a table with pizza.", "Two men hold up glasses of bear above two pizzas.", "Two men eating pizza raise their glasses in a toast", "Two men holding up their beers, on the side of a street."]
["A very tall flat screen TV on top of a wooden stand.", "A TV stand with various electronics is displayed with a TV on top.", "A large screen TV is sitting on a stand.", "A television is standing by a cabinet stand in a living room.", "A room that has a large television and television stand."]
["A young male tennis player in action on the court.", "A man is playing tennis on a gray court.", "A man getting ready to hit a tennis ball with a racket on a tennis court.", "A man riding a skateboard on top of a tennis court.", "A man holding a tennis racquet as a ball clears the net."]
["A wooden shelf with lots of books on top of it.", "a book shelf with different items on it next to another shelf with a tv", "A book shelf with a cordless phone next to a monitor.", "A BOOK CASE FULL OF BOOKS AND A TELEPHONE", "This is a book collection on a shelf next to an entertainment system."]
["A pizza on a while table with several toppings", "A pizza with toppings on a cutting board.", "A pizza on a sheet of cookie paper being prepared to be baked.", "A small homemade pizza with nine tomato pieces.", "A pizza topped with mushrooms and tomatoes on a table.."]
["A woman standing in front of a computer keyboard.", "A girl has her hands on the keyboard of a laptop.", "A person is on a laptop computer which is in front of a brick wall. ", "A woman working on a computer with a web search engine up.", "A woman stands in front of an open laptop. "]
["some kind of noodle and vegetable dish being made on the stove.", "A closeup of a dish of food next to a pan. ", "a plate on a counter and pot on the stove", "Part of a pizza with unusual toppings on a white plate.", "A plate of food with peppers, onions and meats."]
["A miniature white pizza cradled in a plate", "People reach for a pizza-like dish, cut into 8 slices that rests on a plate atop a red and white table cloth.  ", "People sharing a plate of garlic naan bread.", "Someone is reaching for a plate of sliced pizza.", "A white plate topped with a pizza covered in toppings."]
["A man is swatting at an object with a bat.", "A man playing a game of tennis. ", "A man playing tennis at a tennis court.", "Male tennis player reaching very high for a ball.", "A man holding a tennis racquet up into the air.", "A male tennis player swinging a red ratchet."]
["a person swinging a tennis racket at a tennis ball", "A MAN IS PLAYING TENNIS ON THE COURT ", "A male tennis player in action on the court.", "The man is just getting ready to serve the tennis ball.", "A man with a racquet on a tennis court."]
["A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A man taking a swing at a tennis ball", "an image of a man holding a tennis racket", "A man playing tennis on a fenced in hard surface tennis court.", "a man playing tennis, running to hit a ball"]
["A plate holding a slice of pizza with assorted vegetables.", "A single piece of pizza on a red plate.", "A slice of pizza sitting on a plate.", "A slice of pizza on top of a red plate ", "A slice of pizza sitting a maroon plate with white trim."]
["A close-up of flat bread garnished with herbs and olive oil.", "a close up of a slice of pizza on a plate on a table", "A piece of bread is toppings is shown on a plate.", "A close up of bread with vegetables toasted", "A yellow pastry with leafy garnish atop a wooden table."]
["Group of people in restaurant enjoying others and pizza", "Four men sit at a table covered with pizzas. ", "A group of 4 people sitting at a table eating pizza.", "Four mean sitting at a table with several pizzas and beer.", "a table that has a bunch of pizzas on it"]
["A man wears a coat and holds tennis rackets in an historical photo.", "A man standing on a tennis court holding rackets.", "A black and white photo of a man in a trench coat standing on a tennis court.", "A man in a long jacket has two tennis racquets.", "A man in a trench coat holding a tennis racquet on a court."]
["a black and white photo of a male tennis player", "A picture of a man with a mustache holding a racket.", "A black and white photo of a man holding a tennis racket.", "A black and white photograph of a man with a mustache and a racquet.", "Old time photo of a male tennis player, posed with a stare."]
["A man shrugs while missing a tennis ball in a tennis court.", "A man with a hat hitting a tennis ball ", "A tennis player contorts his body to make contact with the ball", "A tennis player reaching out to hit a ball.", "a man swings a tennis racket at the ball"]
["a male tennis player does underhand move at match", "a man holding a tennis racket in front of him as he plays a game ", "A man swinging a tennis rack on the court. ", "there is a man on the court playing tennis", "a tennis player holding a racket on a court "]
["A man hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.", "A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A man on a tennis court hitting a tennis ball.", "A man playing tennis, about to hit a ball with his racket.", "A tennis player is hitting the ball on a tennis court. "]
["Man in grey t-shirt swinging his tennis racket at a ball. ", "A man with a tennis racket in one hand on the tennis court. ", "a young man holding a tennis racket and standing inside a tennis court", "A man engaged in a match of tennis. ", "A tennis player swings his racket during a game."]
["A young woman plays tennis on a tennis court.", "this is a tennis player about to hit a ball ", "A lady with a tennis racket hitting the ball in the tennis court", "A beautiful woman holding a tennis racquet while wearing a short skirt.", "The lady has her tennis racket  aimed at the ball in the air. "]
["A young sexy woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A female tennis player walking on an outdoor tennis court.", "A tennis player walking towards the net with another player in the background", "a woman tennis player in white shorts is playing tennis", "A woman on a tennis court in a sports bra and holding a racquet."]
["A tennis player lies on the soft grass", "a male tennis player is laying down on the court", "A tennis player on the ground after making a play for the ball.", "A tennis player laying down on a turf court.", "Man laying on grown with tennis racket in right hand"]
["there is a male tennis player on the court", "A technician holds sound gear over a fence as a tennis player walks by.", "a guy holding on to a tennis racket.", "A man holding a tennis racket in his hand.", "A man in a blue shirt holding a tennis racket at a tennis match."]
["Male tennis player about to deliver hit to tennis ball.", "A man swinging a tennis racquet towards a ball.", "A man holding a racquet hits a tennis ball.", "A tennis player swings his racket to hit a ball.", "Male tennis player with tennis racquet in forehand position and tennis ball inches away"]
["A man hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.", "A man on a tennis court with a tennis racket.", "A man swings his racket to start the play", "A MAN IS PLAYING TEENNIS ON THE COURT ", "A male on a tennis court hitting the ball.", "A male in a tennis court hitting the ball."]
["A man adjusts numbers at a tennis match.", "The score keeper at a tennis match turns the numbers. ", "There is a man wearing a hat holding a tennis racket.", "A man with a hat on and a tennis racquet in his hand.", "A man is playing tennis with a big hat on it."]
["A man is holding a tennis racket while on the court", "Man posing with a tennis racket for a shot.", "He wants everyone to know that he has serious intentions for the tennis game.", "A man in a white shirt posing with a tennis racquet.", "The man is posing for a photo with his tennis racket."]
["a woman tennis player standing on the court smiling ", "A women holds a tennis racket on a tennis court.", "A woman standing on a tennis court with a tennis racquet in her hand.", "A woman walking across a court holding a tennis racket.", "A beautiful young lady holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court."]
["A person holding a racquet on a tennis court.", "a man standing at the end of a tennis court holding up a tennis racket", "A man playing tennis reaching up to hit the ball.", "A man is swinging a racket on the tennis court.", "an older gentlemen getting ready to hit the ball"]
["A man raises his tennis racquet as a tennis ball comes towards him.", "A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A man with a tennis racket and the ball in front of him.", "A tennis player in action on the court.", "A tennis player getting ready to swing at the ball."]
["A man standing on a tennis court near a large net.", "An older gentleman is standing on the tennis court.", "An older gentleman is standing in front of another man holding a tennis racket. ", "A elderly man in sunglasses stands in front of a tennis net", "An older man in sunglasses and a hat is on the tennis court."]
["A man swinging a tennis racquet towards a tennis ball.", "there is a male tennis player playing on the court", "This tennis pro finds himself resting,  leaning against the advertising graphics/sign.", "The tennis player is attempting to hit a very difficult serve.", "A tennis player in white returning the ball."]
["A man in white playing tennis as others watch", "A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A man is playing tennis on a tennis court with people watching.", "Player on court during tennis match with onlookers nearby.", "A male tennis player with a hat and sunglasses standing on a hard surface court with a racket in his hand."]
["A kitten on a bed in a blanket and a hand holding an electric toothbrush. ", "A hand holding a toothbrush is near a cat on a bed.", "A person holding an electric tooth brush next to a cat sleeping on a bed.", "A person under a blanket, with a cat laying next to him/her, and holding a toothbrush ", "A person is holding his toothbrush next to a sleeping cat."]
["A small glass filled with alcohol sitting on a table.", "A half-filled drinking glass on a table near books and a television remote control.", "A table with a glass that is half full, books and a magazine stacked together and remote control.", "A table-top with books, a remote and beverage-filled glass.", "A glass of liquid sits next to books and a remote."]
["A brown baskets filled with lots of remotes and game controllers.", "A basket full of remote controls and earphones are on a counter.", "A small table thats holding a basket for some remote controls.", "a basket of various remote controls on a table", "A remote and a container is sitting on a table."]
["A bedroom with a bed, desk and a television.", "A hotel room is nicely made up for guests.", "An image of a nicely decorated hotel room with luggage sitting on a bench.", "A room with a chair, couch, door and a TV monitor.", "A bedroom with a desk, bed and entertainment center.", "A hotel room has a carpet with an interesting design."]
["A baby holding a toothbrush in it's mouth.", "A small child with a toothbrush in their mouth. ", "A young boy brushing his teeth with a green toothbrush.", "A baby in pajamas brushing his teeth and standing on a towel.", "The baby has the tooth brush in the mouth. "]
["The woman in black pants stands holding a video game remote.", "a woman holding a Wii controller looks at something off-camera", "A woman with a remote playing a game", "A female with a wii control in her hand.", "A woman holding a Nintendo Wii game controller."]
["a living room with a couch and a coffee table ", "a living room with a white couch and table", "A cozy living area features a white couch with a pillow that reads family as pictures of silhouettes hang above it on the wall.", "A love seat and a small coffee table are the focal point in this cozy, traditional-styled sitting area.", "A furnished decorated living room with teal walls,  paintings and a white sofa."]
["A couple of young men holding Nintendo Wii game controllers.", "Two boys are playing a WII video game.", "Two boys with Wii controllers in a room. ", "Two friends are enjoying themselves playing a Wii console.", "Two boys are playing an interactive video game. "]
["A picture of a living room in a house.", "An ornamental bird is hanging from the ceiling of a living room.", "The room is very clean and also empty.", "A living room with a red couch sitting beneath a window.", "A red sofa in front of a large window with a dark wood coffee table. "]
["A table with a jar of cookies, cake, and fruit on it.", "A cake is on a table under a glass dome.", "A counter area with multiple trays of food and fruit.", "a close up of a pie and a bowl of fruit", "Fruit and other edible snacks enclosed in glass containers. "]
["Pregnant mother and daughter playing with Nintendo wii controllers.", "Two women standing in a room holding remotes.", "A couple of women standing next to each other.", "a couple of women standing in front of a table ", "A pregnant woman and child standing in a room."]
["Room with wood covered wall and floor with two beds.", "The bedroom with two beds is constructed from wood.", "A bedroon with two beds under the roof and wooden floors", "Two made beds site in an empty room.", "A loft has two beds with plaid patterned bed spreads."]
["An attic space serves as a small cozy bedroom with sloped ceilings.", "A bedroom with two beds and a table with a lamp.", "A bedroom in an attic with an open doorway to another bedroom.", "A couple of beds in a small room.", "A triangular room with two beds on either wall. "]
["A man standing on one foot holding a controller.", "One man playing Wii while two other people watch.", "A man plays bowling on WII, in his living room.", "A man is playing the wii by himself.", "A man playing a video game while two people watch."]
["A child and a man hold Nintendo Wii controllers.", "A boy and man holding Wii remotes playing games.", "A little boy playing Wii with people watching ", "A little boy and his father playing Wii.\n", "A kid playing in the living room while the Dad watches."]
["A man in jeans in front of a television with a Wii controller and a bowling game on the television.", "A man playing a video game on the Nintendo Wii.", "older man playing video game in living room", "A man is in bowling motion as he plays the video game version.", "Man playing bowling on the WII in the living room."]
["A small apartment living room on a sunny day.", "A living room filled with furniture and a purple couch under a window.", "Here is a sadly decorated loft in the city.", "A living room with three windows, a TV, and some furniture.", "A den with couches, a lamp, television and windows."]
["A couple of men standing in a living room holding Wii controllers.", "Two men are holding controllers playing video games. ", "Two men are playing a remote video game.", "The two friends are enjoying playing the video game.", "this is two people playing a video game"]
["A small child is hiding under a table.", "A man sitting on the floor in front of a couch.", "A man is sitting on the floor and a little girl is climbing under a table.", "A man sits on the floor as a child hides nearby", "A father watching his child play in a homemade fort in a living room."]
["The living room is decked out with various types of black leather.", "A room with black leather sofas, wood tables, and black curtains.", "A small living room area with black furniture and curtains.", "Black window curtains defect any incoming light behind the TV.", "A living room with two couches sitting on top of a hard wood floor."]
["a living with almost everything in white except for a few decorations ", "A living room filled with furniture and a flat screen TV.", "A den with a couch, statue head and television.", "View of living room with white couch and seats in residential home.", "The living room features a black and white motif."]
["Laptop setup with desktop spread across two screens.", "A laptop and a desktop computer are in use on a desk.", "a computer sits on a desk in front of a keyboard ", "A large computer screen with a smaller laptop next to it.", "A computer monitor and keyboard, and a laptop on a desk "]
["A computer keyboard sitting on top of a desk.", "A computer keyboard on a wood topped desk.", "An out of focus picture of a computer keyboard.", "The computer keyboard is sitting on the table.", "a keyboard is laying on a wood desk"]
["A bunch of household items sitting in one room.", "a kitchen with appliances and mirrors and windows", "A room with an oven, a mirror and other clutter.", "A room filled with things from other parts of the house", "A dark, cluttered room full of appliances and household items."]
["Living room with furniture and items that makes me think they have children", "A family sitting around in their living room.", "People gathered in the living room of a house.", "A toy horse and a few people in a livingroom", "A group of people spend time together in a living room."]
["A group of women sitting on the floor eating food.", "Several women sit on the floor with several babies.", "A group of women with children sitting on a floor eating.", "Several ladies sitting on a floor with some children.", "A circle of mothers plays and interacts with their babies"]
["A computer keyboard sitting on top of a desk.", "A keyboard sits in front of a charging ipod shuffle.", "A keyboard, some cables and an mini iPod", "A keyboard with a mouse and monitor sitting next to an ipod.", "A picture of someone's white computer keyboard sitting on their desk."]
["A living room with a floral area rug and a fire place. ", "A fire place sitting inside of a living room next to windows.", "A brightly lit living room with a lit up fireplace.", "A full view of a living room with some furniture and mirror. ", "A den with a fire place, couch, wall clock and a television."]
["A open book on top of a computer keyboard.", "THERE IS A MOUSE ON THE PAD WITH A BOOK ", "Book lying open on desk with keyboard and mouse", "Open textbook near a computer keyboard and mouse on a mouse pad.", "A book lays open on a computer desk, over a keyboard"]
["A group of young people hanging out together..", "Black and white photo of people on the street in a city", "A woman is sitting on a concrete stoop on the sidewalk with a cellphone in her hand.", "A person is sitting on a curb holding a cell phone.", "A woman is gesturing while sitting on the sidewalk."]
["A bag is shown with random small objects lined up.", "A square shoulder bag with the contents of the shoulder bag in front of it.", "A bag on the floor with keys, cell phone, umbrella, pens and other items laid out in front of it.", "A man has laid out all of the items he plans to pack.", "A view of a laptop bag and a bunch of electronics."]
["A young man using his smart phone while perched on cement.", "A young man sitting on a ledge with his phone.", "A young man is outside on a log looking on his phone.", "A teenager sitting on a stool in a town square.", "A boy looking at his cell phone squats beside a rusty cabinet. "]
["A woman with blonde hair standing next to a bar making drinks.", "A smiling woman standing at a bar with a mug of beer.", "A woman at a bar with two mugs of beer. ", "A woman stands at the bar next to two dark beers.", "Woman posing in front of two pints of beer."]
["Three women sitting on top of a couch next to a black cat.", "A group of women sitting on a couch with a cat in the background.", "Three women sit on the couch with a cat on the back looking out the window", "Three women are sitting on a couch near a window.", "Three women sit on a couch in front of a black cat."]
["A living room with fireplace, television, and couches.", "A living room area with couches, fireplace and yellow painted walls.", "a room with a place to light a fire", "A living room filled with furniture and a fire place.", "A den with a fire place, couch, and a television."]
["A room with two couches, a table, several pillows and two pictures on the wall. ", "A living room with two blue couches, a small table and a small tv.", "A den with couches, a table, book shelf and a television.", "A living room with two blue couches facing each other and a coffee table between.", "A television that is sitting on a desk with books underneath."]
["A black counter top sitting next to a metal sink.", "View of kitchen with a fridge snuggled into a frame next to the stove", "A nice kitchen has some shiny black countertops.", "A stainless steel kitchen with black countertops and wooden cabinets.", "A kitchen with a full set of appliances, wooden cabinets and black counter tops."]
["Four men hold a kite shaped like a clock.", "A group of men preparing to fly a kite being filmed by another man.", "Some people are about to fly their kite into the air. ", "A group of people raising a flag on a pole at a spectator event.", "A cameraman getting a closeup of two men holding a kite."]
["A couple of men standing and sitting in front of a store.", "three males some shops and a table and shelf", "An old man sells a variety of kite string spools.", "The shop has many knitting spindles and fabrics on display.", "A store that sells colorful kites and string to go with the kites."]
["A man on a beach flying a kite", "A person flying a red kits on a beach.", "A man flying a red kite in a blue sky.", "A person is holding the end of a red kite's string", "person walking on a beach carrying a camera bag"]
["A group of people standing on a beach flying a red kite.", "Adults at beach flying kite with rocky protrusions in water and cliff in background.", "A group of people that are in the sand with a kite.", "A few people are standing on the beach flying a kite.", "a group of people on a beach flying a kite "]
["A boy laying on the beach behind a man flying a kite.", "A couple of people on the beach flying a kite.", "A man standing on a beach flying a kite in a blue cloudy sky.", "The man is flying a kite and someone is laying in the sand.", "a man taking a picture of the scenery on a beach"]
["The large crowd stands on the beach underneath flying kites.", "A bunch of people flying kites at the beach.", "A group of people flying kites and standing on a concrete pier on the edge of a body of water.", "A group of people are standing on the beach with kites flying in the sky.", "A group of people at the beach flying kites "]
["Two Hanggliders parachuting over the ocean in foggy weather", "Kites flying over the water with someone watching below", "A couple of kites flying over the top of the ocean.", "There are two kites that are flying over the water at a beach", "Two colorful, large kites fly over the ocean."]
["A large amount of kites in the sky", "An open green field with kites being flown", "A grassy tree filled field with a lot of kites in the air.", "Kites fly with no people visible above a green field.", "A group of people flying kites on a lush green field."]
["A shelf filled with stuffed teddy bears and other items.", "Teddy bears and several other items are on cloth folding shelves.", "An organizer holds clothing, toys and other decorative items.", "a hamper with compartments having a cup clothes and two bears", "a four tiered flimsy shelf with items on them"]
["A child with glasses and a bean holding a red kite.", "a close up of a young person holding a kite", "Young boy shows off his colored kite outdoors", "A little boy holding a red and green kite in a field.", "A smiling young boy with glasses holding a kite."]
["A woman standing in a park with a paper cutout boat.", "A woman at a park has an airplane kite.", "A woman is holding onto an X-Wing model kite as she prepares it for flight.", "A person flying a kite shaped like an X-wing.", "a woman flying a kite in the park"]
["A little girl with her back turned flying a kite in the sky.", "A beautiful little girl wearing a hat while flying a kite.", "A young girl flying a kite near grassy shore", "a little girl watches as a object flies through the air", "A little girl standing on the grassy area of a beach."]
["a girl with a hat flying a kite on an open range", "Young girl walking on a grassy and sandy shore.", "A little girl flying a multicolored kite on beach", "A girl on a beach holding a kite in the air.", "A young girl in the sand flying a kite."]
["An orange flower sitting inside of a picture frame.", "An orange flower resting in an oddly shaped vase.", "A rose is poking out from a modern vase.", "A flower placed in a uniquely shaped vase.", "a fancy vase holding onto a single flower "]
["A IMAGE OF A TOWER CLOCK WITH THE CLOCK ON IT", "A clock tower rises into the sky as it displays the time.", "A large tower stands tall in front of a blue sky.", "A close up of a clock tower with a flag on top.", "A large, majestic clock tower reads 5:50 as it stands against a blue sky."]
["A large clock tower towering above a city with clocks on every side.", "A large stone clock tower with a flag on top.", "a large tower with a clock with a sky backlground", "A large stone building with clocks on it", "A large clock tower against a cloudy sky."]
["a large building that has a clock at the top", "Large building with many window and clock tower in city.", "A very old building with a clock on the side of it.", "A view of a very elegant building with a clock tower.", "A clock hangs on the side of a clock tower."]
["Several kites are flying on the beach in the blue sky.", "People are on the beach flying their kites. ", "People are flying kites on a sandy beach.", "A bunch of kites that are flying in the sky.", "a bunch of kites flying in a clear sky"]
["A sandy beach with colorful kites flying over it.", "Kiosks on the beach with kites flying in the sky.", "a day at the beach with the kites.", "A beach with a people flying kites on a summer day.", "Kites are flying over people on a beach."]
["A black and white photo of a castle at night", "The clock is set up high on top of the building.", "A clock tower is the highest point of a large building.", "The clock tower stands tall over the old building walls.", "A tower has some clocks on it and it is night time."]
["a crowd of people in a park playing with kites and balls ", "A crowd of people watching balloons and kites being flown.", "Crowd of people on a hillside watching kites and balloons.", "A bunch of people that are standing under kites.", "A view of a crowd of people. There is a bunch of balloons and kites flying in the air."]
["A man is flying a large kite in a field.", "A large purple kite is being flown in a park.", "a man that is flying some kind of kite", "A person on a field with a kite.", "A SOUPLE OF PEOPLE FLYING A KITE IN A OPEN FIELD"]
["A barefoot woman flying a kite at twilight.", "A person is watching something in a cloudy sky.", "Person in jeans on a beach flying a kite.", "A person flying a kite in the air as the sun fades.", "A women flies a kit at the beach."]
["A clock and a lamp post on the street with a bridge in the background.", "A clock sits next to a lamp post on a sidewalk. ", "a street with a lamp post and clock with a bridge behind them", "An antique pole clock and street lamp adorn a little cobblestone city plaza near an overpass. ", "a pole with a clock on top standing next to a light pole "]
["A baseball player holding a baseball bat while standing on a baseball field.", "A player holds a bat at a baseball game.", "A baseball player prepares to hit the baseball. ", "A baseball player standing at home plate with a bat.", "A baseball player standing at home plate getting ready to bat"]
["A baseball player is holding a bat and is standing ", "There is a batter, catcher, and umpire at home plate.", "A baseball player taking a swing at a ball", "The batter in a black jersey and hat is awaiting a pitch.", "A man is holding a back ready to swing as another man squats behind him to catch the ball."]
["Parents watching their kids play baseball at the baseball park.", "Small boys playing baseball on a sandy field", "A small boy holding a baseball bat with others on the other side", "A small boy standing at home plate with a bat wearing a batting helmet.", "Young baseball batter at home plate, waiting for a pitch."]
["A batter is has hit a ball with his bat.", "players on a baseball field, the batter swings", "A baseball player that just smacked the twine out of a baseball. ", "A batter holds his bat away from the catcher and umpire during a game.", "A man swinging a bat on top of a baseball field."]
["A baseball player who is walking with a bat.", "a baseball player on a field with a bat", "a man in uniform holding a bat ready to play", "A baseball player walking with a bat across a field.", "The baseball player is walking on the side of the field."]
["A batter for the Boston Red Sox walking on the field.", "A baseball player that is about to go up to bat.", "a baseball player with a bat is walking on the field", "A batter is walking with his head down.", "A baseball player on the field with a bat. "]
["A man standing on a baseball field holding a bat.", "A BOY IS PLAYING BASEBALL TOGETHER ON THE FIELD", "A baseball player walking up for his turn to bat.", "A baseball player is standing and holding a bat.", "Baseball player walks out on to Baseball field."]
["a baseball player swings his bat at a ball", "A baseball player swinging a bat at home plate.", "Fans are in the stadium seats watching a baseball player at bat during a game.", "A STADIUM OF PEOPLE WATCHING A BASEBALL GAME", "A professional baseball player about to take a swing."]
["A man holding a baseball bat during a baseball game.", "Group of men playing baseball on an open makeshift field. ", "A group of Amish people play baseball in a field.", "A baseball player waiting for the pitcher to throw the ball.", "A man in a best and top hat standing on a grass field while a baseball game is played."]
["Blurry image of several tennis courts, focusing on a man alone on the first court.", "A tennis court with a player holding a racket", "A tennis player walks towards the tennis net.", "Several people playing tennis on a large tennis court", "A blurry view of a line of tennis courts, some with players"]
["A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A male tennis player engaged in a competitive match.", "A man holding a racquet pointed toward a ball.", "A man with a racket playing a tennis game", "A tennis player leaps back to catch the ball during a match"]
["A table with several pizzas and beverage bottles and people seated together.", "A group of people sitting around a table topped with pizza.", "Man, woman, and a child sitting at a table with pizza", "People are sitting at a restaurant table enjoying pizza and beer.", "People having pizza and cupcakes with some beers."]
["a man is in the air with a tennis racket", "A crowd observes a man swing his racket during a tennis match.", "a man with a tennis racket up in front of a crowd of people", "A person playing a game of tennis and other people watching.", "The tennis player is returning a very strong serve."]
["A man with a tennis racket standing on a tennis court", "a tennis player on a court with a racket", "A professional tennis player holding a racket during a game.", "A player at a tennis match turns to look at something behind him.", "Crowd watches as guy gets prepared for the tennis match"]
["A man hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racquet.", "A man in blue shirt and black shorts playing tennis.", "A man returning a tennis hit over the net.", "A man attempting to hit a tennis ball with his racket. ", "A player in blue clothes is attempting to hit a tennis ball."]
["A man taking a swing at a ball on the court.", "A tennis game is being played on a brown court.", "A woman on a tennis court swinging her racquet.", "A man on a tennis court hitting the ball.", "A guy playing tennis while being photographed. "]
["A man standing on a tennis court holding a tennis racquet.", "A male tennis player holding his racket in the air.", "A man playing tennis strikes the tennis ball.", "a man playinging tennis in his green shorts\n", "Tennis player at the line looking up for the ball"]
["Even old people with knee injuries can enjoy a nice game of tennis.", "A guy wearing a knee wrap has just whacked a tennis ball.", "Male tennis player returning high volley during match.", "a man is swinging his racket on a tennis court", "A person swinging a tennis racket at a ball on a tennis court."]
["A man throwing a tennis serve into the air.", "A man who is playing tennis on a tennis court.", "A man in white shirt and black shorts playing a game with tennis racket.", "A man hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.", "A man hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racket while two others watch."]
["two people standing holding tennis rackets and a ball", "Two people holding tennis rackets on a tennis court.", "The men are playing doubles tennis on the tennis court.", "Two people are holding rackets upright on a tennis court.", "One tennis player watches another player hit a forehand."]
["A man hitting a tennis ball with a racket.", "A man in white shirt and red shorts playing a game of tennis.", "An individual enjoying itself on a sunny day\n", "The man is playing tennis with a racket. ", "A man playing tennis near an apartment complex"]
["a man holding a tennis racket on a tennis court.", "A man walking on a court swinging a tennis racquet.", "A man holding a baseball walking across a walkway.", "A man in an enclosed area holding a baseball bat.", "A young man is on a tennis court with his racquet raised."]
["A tennis player swings a racket in a court.", "A man standing in front of a green fence is swinging a tennis racquet.", "A man that has a racquet standing near a fence.", "The man in a green shirt is swinging a tennis racket.", "A man holding a tennis racquet in front of a fence."]
["a man holding a tennis racket and playing tennis on a tennis court.", "A man looks in the air as he prepares to hit a tennis ball.", "a man in a green shirt is playing tennis", "A man on the tennis court gets ready to serve the ball.", "Man plays tennis with tennis court fence and palm trees in the background."]
["A young man holding a racquet on a tennis court.", "A man playing recreational tennis about to swat at the ball", "A man looks up to hit a tennis ball with a racket.", "The man is holding a tennis racquet upwards.", "A tennis player raising his racket to hit a ball."]
["A man that is standing on the court with a racquet.", "the tennis player is hitting the ball with his racket", "A man is swinging his racquet at a ball as people watch.", "a man in a head band hits a tennis ball ", "A man swinging a tennis racquet as a crowd watches."]
["A person standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A woman is running on the tennis court for the ball.", "A woman tennis player wearing a red headband holds her racket as she nears the baseline on a tennis court.", "A tennis player running across the tennis court.", "A professional female tennis player engaged in competition."]
["this is a woman on a court playing tennis", "A woman prepares to hit a tennis ball", "a tennis player with a racket on a court ", "a woman leaning over a big while holding a tennis racket", "a woman tennis player stands in stance ready to hit the ball "]
["A man standing on top of a tennis court.", "a person standing on a tennis court in front of an audience", "Player preparing to return volley during major tennis match.", "A tennis player is running for the ball on a tennis court.", "A man that is standing on a tennis court with a racquet."]
["A woman throws a tennis ball to hit it on a court.", "A person with a racket plays on a court.", "A girl practicing tennis on a tennis court.", "A woman throws up the tennis ball to serve", "a tennis player swinging a racket at a ball"]
["The woman is looking at the tennis racket ", "A woman is inspecting the grip on her tennis racquet", "A woman sitting on a chair indoors looks at the handle of a tennis racket.", "A woman sitting in a chair examines a scroll.", "a woman sitting on a chair taping up her tennis racket."]
["A woman holding a tennis racquet in her left hand.", "A woman sitting in a chair while handing someone a racket. ", "A woman in glasses is holding a tennis racquet.", "One lady leaning forward to hand someone a tennis racket. ", "A woman holding a tennis racket by the paddle."]
["There is a woman bending down with a racket playing tennis.", "A lady playing tennis in front of many spectators.", "a female tennis player diving to hit the ball ", "there is a female tennis player on the court", "A tennis game with the player looking up ."]
["A woman in a white dress playing a game of tennis.", "A lady jumping in the air with a tennis racket trying to strike the ball.", "A woman jumping up in the air to hit a tennis ball with a racket while people watch from the stands behind her.", "A tennis player hitting a ball from the side line.", "A woman  jumping into the air to hit a tennis ball."]
["Two people on a tennis court swinging to hit a tennis ball.", "A woman standing on top of a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A woman swinging a tennis racquet by a man on a court.", "a man and woman are playing as a team during a tennis match", "A woman in a doubles match swings her tennis racket while her male partner stands ready."]
["Some flowers and a ceramic sheep on a table", "A sheep figuring and a flower arrangement are displayed on a table in a sitting area.", "A black table is decorated with a figure of a sheep and a vase with flowers in it.", "The coffee table has a vase with flowers and a sheep figurine displayed. ", "A tray with a glass lamb next to a pot of flowers."]
["A green candle and a vase on a table with one chair", "A candle sits on the table next to two incense sticks in a glass.", "A green candle on a plate next to a thin vase with flowers.", "A candle and a vase of flowers sits on a table.", "The candle is next to the vase on the table."]
["A flower in a pot is set on a wicker table.", "A wicker desk and chair with an orchid.", "A potted plant on top of a wicker desk.", "A wicker chair sits empty at a table with a small plant on it. ", "The wicker table sits in front of a window with a chair and an orchid plant."]
["Two smart phones sit side by side both are turned on.", "An iPhone and a Nokia cellphone are lying next to each other.", "Two cell phones of different types are sitting next to each other.", "Two smart phones sitting on top of a table.", "A black iPhone sits next to a Nokia phone."]
["A laptop computer sitting on top of a table next to a tree.", "A laptop sits on a small table next to a garden. ", "A laptop on a round table in a garden behind a home.", "The laptop sits on the table on the patio.", "A laptop computer is on a table in a nice back yard."]
["A clock sitting below a city street and a second tier of a store.", "a small red clock on the side on a figure in a house", "A unique clock with mobile in a building.", "An clock on a tower with birds in a building.", "a clock in a building with potted plants in the background", "A clock with an intricate and detailed design at the top."]
["A clock tower of some sort inside a museum.", "The display is decorated with the most popular characters.", "A clock with various art works below it on display behind a barrier.", "Very ornate clock in the center of a mall.", "A sculpture that is also a clock is shown fenced off to the rest of the room. "]
["A disc jockey and a man singing into a microphone. ", "Performer with microphone and laptop in blue hued light.", "One person singing into a microphone while another person works a sound board.", "two entertainers sing and play under the stage lights", "The singer holds a microphone while standing near a DJ."]
["a man is on his laptop and so are others", "A series of photos showing a man using a series of electronic devices.", "Several pictures of people using tablets and laptops.", "Many pictures of people using their laptops and notebooks.", "A man wearing a blue shirt is using a laptop computer another person with a checker shirt has his laptop screen facing outward."]
["A series of photos showing a woman sitting down with different digital devices.", "a collage of photos with many electronics ", "a bunch of photos of people looking at cell phones", "There are several pictures of people on different electronic devices. ", "A collage of eight photos of people using cell phones."]
["A man holding a baby in a chair.", "A man sitting in the dark holding a baby.", "Man holding a baby while on a computer.", "A man uses a laptop computer while holding his baby.", "A man sitting in a chair holds a baby."]
["The chair next to the person has been used as a table for things. ", "A chair with a lock and several items sitting on it.", "an image of a traveler with luggage and passport", "Various items in a chair hat include a cellphone and book bag.", "a back pack on a chair  and a person sitting next to it"]
["A couple of stuffed teddy bears sitting next to each other.", "A white teddy bear and a Paddington bear on a shelf.", "THERE ARE TWO STUFF BEAR TOY ANIMALS ", "There is a light purple teddy bear and a tan colored teddy bear.", "A set of two teddy bears sitting beside of one another."]
["A doll sitting at a table with a Happy New Year note", "A little doll girl sitting at a small wooden table with a happy new year sign.", "A doll sitting at a desk with a Happy New Year picture.", "A play desk with teddy bears and a doll has a happy new year sign on it. ", "A doll at a toy desk with a sign that say Happy New Year"]
["Posed doll holding hands with two teddy bears", "a doll are holding two teddy bear in the living room", "a doll is standing with two doll dogs", "A doll that is holding hands with two stuffed dogs.", "Doll holding two sad appearing teddy bears in dall house."]
["A doll sitting at a small desk making a New Years sign.", "A doll sitting at a table with two stuffed animals. ", "A school kid doll at a miniature school table with a toy brown bear. ", "the doll is a table with two stuffed dogs", "A view of a toy girl sitting at a table with animals."]
["a large building that has a clock on a pole outside", "a closeup of a clock with two different faces in front of a building", "A post clock  on a corner in front of a building.", "a clock tower is on the corner in front of an office building", "an ornate street clock with skyscrapers in background"]
["A bottle of wine sitting on a desk calendar", "A bottle of beer sitting next to a glass on top of a calendar.", "A glass of wine is sitting on a calendar", "a calendar with a bottle and wine glass on it. ", "A bottle of wine and a half full glass sit on a paper calendar."]
["A tower clock sits alone in a light blue sky.", "A giant clock tower with the time being 4:40.", "This tower has a flag on its top and a clock in the middle", "A building has a clock and American flag on it.", "Tower clock with flag flying at its peak."]
["A man is putting a pizza into a fiery oven.", "A man putting bread inside of  a fire brick oven.", "A man is taking a pizza out of a wood fire oven.", "A worker sticks his paddle into a clay pizza oven. ", "The man is pulling a pizza out of the oven."]
["Two men waiting for something cooking in an oven.", "a chef cooking some food for some customers ", "A person is waiting for a pizza to come out of an oven fired grill.", "Two people who are standing in a room with a fireplace.", "A man standing in front of a brick oven while a woman prepares dough."]
["A classroom filled with students sitting in front of  laptop computers.", "a woman oversees young students in a classroom working on laptops at their desks", "A classroom full of children working on laptop computers.", "The children are using laptops in the classroom.", "Adult teacher keeping watch on students in classroom."]
["A baby laying in bed next to a brown teddy bear.", "A baby is photographed at one month old with teddy bear.", "An infant in pajamas lying next to a stuffed animal.", "A BABY IN A ONSIE IS LYING NEXT TO A STUFF BEAR", "A baby in a green jumper holding a teddy bear."]
["A woman talking on a cell phone standing in front of a board.", "A woman is on a cell phone in front a chalkboard.", "A woman smiles as she talks on the phone.", "A woman standing with a cell phone in her hand.", "a woman stands in front of a blackboard with her cell phone"]
["a man with a hat using a lap top with a mouse", "There is a man concentrating on a lap top", "A man using a laptop computer while wearing a beanie.", "A man wearing a knit cap staring into his laptop screen.", "A man intently reading something on his laptop computer"]
["A book with a picture of a cell phone on display.", "Book and CDs for sale on a table.", "Used book prices are listed next to the books on a table.", "A religious book having to do with technology.", "a phone for sale on a book in a sale"]
["there is a man wearing glasses and holding a whine bottle", "A person with a tie and a bottle in a room.", "A man wearing a suit reading the label on a bottle of wine.", "A man is examining a wine bottle or label.", "This is an older gentleman examining a very fancy bottle."]
["Three kids having fun on their toy cell phones. ", "Three children are sitting with food in the park.  ", "Three children sitting in the grass showing their toy cell phones.", "Three children showing off toy cell phones while sitting in the grass.", "Three kids sitting in the grass holding their toy cell phones. "]
["A bunch of kids sitting on the grass outside during a sunny day.", "Three children playing with toy cellular phones in grass.", "This is an image of three children with play phones.", "A group of children have blue bags and toy phones.", "Three children are sitting playing with toys on green grass."]
["A dinner bowl filled with vegetables next to a glass of wine.", "Dinner with a side of several different types of wines.", "A meal with beer and salad in a restaurant.", "A plate of food and glass of wine sits on a table. ", "A plate of cooked vegetables and some adult beverages."]
["Several bottles of wine on a display table.", "Lots of bottles of wine are on a table with a black cloth cover.", "A table with a lot of wine bottles sitting on it.", "a table lined with an assortment of wine bottles", "table covered with a black tablecloth and several bottles of wine"]
["Group in darklit room talking and looking at their cell phones holding wine glasses", "three people drinking wine while looking at a cellphone ", "A group of people stand and drink out of glasses.", "Three people are looking at their cell phones and drinking wine. ", "Three people drinking wine in a bar are talking about something on their cell phones. "]
["This tower features a clock at the top but it is small.", "a building with a clock at the top.", "A gothic church on a very cloudy day. ", "the building is very tall and has a clock on it ", "a tall clock tower with a sky background"]
["A pile of cell phones sitting on top of a table.", "there are four cell phones laying on a table", "Four cell phones sit on a wooden table.", "Four cell phone on a wooden table with their screens on.", "Three open flip phones surround a fourth phone"]
[" A view of a cellphone that appears to be split in two.", "Two different flip phones sitting beside each other.", "A  flip phone broken in half by cingular", "A broke smart phone sitting on top of a table.", "A broken flip phone sits, in two pieces, on the counter."]
["Group of people watching something with man recording in room", "A group of people sitting and standing around each other.", "some people with cameras some standing and others are sitting", "A group of people with cameras look ahead.", "A room full of people, some with cameras, paying close attention."]
["a man is kneeling taking a picture of a man on the phone", "A man talking on a phone while a man takes his picture.", "A man kneeling with a camera, taking a picture of a man with a phone.", "One man is photographing another who is on the phone.", "a man that is taking a picture of a guy on a phone"]
["A man is talking on a cell phone near a bus station. ", "A man standing outside talking on his phone.", "A guy on the phone looks angrily in thedistance", "a man in glasses talks on a cell phone ", "a man is talking on a phone outside"]
["A man in glasses standing and talking on a cell phone.", "A man standing outdoors talking on his cell phone.", "A man on a cell phone with glasses", "A young man wearing glasses speaking on a cell phone.", "A man with glasses is talking on a cell phone outside."]
["A man in sunglasses and chains is holding a microphone to his mouth.", "A man holding a phone up to his ear as he sings.", "a man that has a micro phone in his hand", "a man on a cell phone holding a microphone up to his ear", "A person with a microphone standing by some people."]
["A young woman wearing makeup looking at a cell phone.", "A smiling woman looks at her bright green cell phone.", "A girl reads a funny message on her cell phone.", "A young lady smiles as she looks at her opened cell phone.", "A woman looks at her old model flip cell phone."]
["A group of people holding smart phones and a glass of wine.", "People together with their cellphones out and a wine glass.", "Two people looking at their cell phones in close proximity.", "Two people using electronic devices one has a wine glass in their hand.", "two people use their cell phones to connect with each other"]
["A couple of men sitting at a table talking on cell phones.", "two young gentlemen sitting at a table using their cellphones", "two men are talking on cellphones at a table", "A couple of people that are on their cell phone.", "Two men talk and laugh on their cell phones"]
["A new android phone is next to another android phone.", "a couple of cellphones are on a table", "Two different kind of cell phones sitting on a table", "Two phones, one  showing the time and one turned off.", "There are two cell phone's one is on with a robot."]
["a person is playing with their smartphone or tablet", "A person checks their electronic device in the dark.", "The light from a phone shines on a thumb.", "A person holding a cell phone in their hands.", "A close up view of a man's hands as he operates a smart phone."]
["There's a grill with a pizza cooking inside of it.", "Food is cooking in a silver oven outdoors.", "An outdoor stainless steel pizza over with a pizza in it.", "An outdoor bbq gril with a pizza in the oven", "A metal oven sitting next to plants outdoors."]
["The cat is sitting on the kitchen counter in front of the microwave !", "A cat sitting on a kitchen counter looking at something.", "A kitchen scene with a cat sitting on the counter in front of a microwave.", "A white and light brown cat sitting on top of a kitchen counter in front of the microwave.", "A cat is sitting on a counter near a microwave, knives, and sink."]
["A simple kitchen with wooden counters and stove.", "A kitchen showing the stove and oven and cabinets.", "a stainless steel oven in a white tiled kitchen", "A kitchen has glazed, white bricks and a silver stove.", "The chrome colored stove is in the kitchen."]
["An off white smoker being tended to by a guy and people with their back turned in the background.", "A person bent over an outside cooking oven.", "A man reaching into a stone oven for some food.", "some people and a male is working on the fire of the outdoor oven", "This is a man reaching in to a clay kiln."]
["The yellow refrigerator and stove both have eyes painted on them.", "A yellow refrigerator with eyes and a mouth next to a yellow stove with eyes.", "A refrigerator and a stove on a street.", "a yellow stove and refrigerator and a brick building ", "A refrigerator and stove are painted as an advertisement."]
["A refrigerator is in a room next to a bookshelf and a microwave.  ", "A metallic refrigerator freezer sitting in a kitchen.", "A small break room with a microwave and a refrigerator,", "I THINK THIS IS A OFFICE LUNCH ROOM", "A small refrigerator and microwave in the corner of an office."]
["A boy standing up on a open refrigerator.", "There is a boy who has climbed into a fridge", "A small boy standing the freezer ledge to reach the food in the fridge.", "A little boy is standing on a refrigerator shelf.", "A child climbed on a fridge when its open."]
["Couple looking trifled at pickle on plate in the oven", "A couple looking at a pickle in a refrigerator. ", "A couple ooks at their sausage in the micro wave", "A couple is looking at a pickle in the fridge.", "A man and woman wearing glasses are staring at a pickle on a plate on the shelf of a refrigerator."]
["A mini-fridge stands open, with bottles visible inside.", "A picture of a fridge being opened up.", "A display of a mini fridge built to look like an amp.", "A mini-fridge that is designed to look like a guitar amplifier.", "A refrigerator in the likeness of a Marshall amp is open. "]
["A young baby standing in front of a refrigerator.", "A little kid getting a piece of food out of the fridge.", "A toddler girl getting something out of the refrigerator", "A child standing in front of a refrigerator taking things out.", "a small child is looking in a fridge"]
["A group of people socializing at a dinner table in a restaurant.", "A group of people sit around a table in a large room with plates and cups on the table.", "A crowd of people sitting around a table eating food.", "A group of people at a long table.", "A group of people are sitting around a table drinking."]
["Man and woman look into open refrigerator that contains drinks", "a couple of people that are staring into a icebox", "two people at an open refrigerator in a kitchen", "A man and woman gaze into their lighted refrigerator ", "The man and the woman are looking at the food in the fridge."]
["A woman cleaning out an open blue refrigerator.", "A woman kneeling down in front of a refrigerator.", "A woman is cleaning out a refrigerator in the kitchen.", "a person kneeling down in front of an opened refrigerator", "A woman is knelt down at an open refrigerator."]
["A wooden box filled with flowers sitting on top of a wooden floor.", "Different flowers sit in a small rectangular pot.", "A metal container holding a wood basket with several flowers in it. ", "A small metal flower box containing white and pink flowers.", "Wrought iron rack with wood box and flowers.  "]
["A selection of glass vases and pitchers for sale", "A counter covered with lots of dishes and pitchers.", "A collection of glass and ceramic vases on a table.", "A group of vases with price tags sit on a table.", "Glass items including a few differently designed pitchers."]
["a city clock on the street of a city", "A clock hanging on the side of a building.", "A clock with a town name above it.", "a sign on the wall with a clock built into it ", "In the town of Haxtun, a large clock is attached to a wall."]
["A hand holding a bunch of different types of clock sand watches.", "A person holding a bunch of wrist watches in their hands.", "A pair of human hands hold a variety of watches in varying styles.", "Someone is holding many small pocket watches .", "a close up of someones hands holding many different clocks"]
["a table with many plates on it with a bread basket", "A table set for four has many foods and fruits on it.", "Several objects displayed on a kitchen table including bread, oranges and plating.", "Several dishes and food items sit on a table.", "An assortment of foods sitting on a round brown table."]
["A clock sitting next to a large tree near a building.", "There is a large clock on a post in front of a house.", "a clock on a pole sits in front of a building ", "A clock on a pole on a roadside next to the road", "A large pole clock in front of a large Victorian home."]
["Two females sitting outside with two dogs near a clock on a pole. ", "Two women sitting under a clock with their dogs ", "Two women with dogs are posing in front of a large clock.", "Two women sit with two dogs on a bench underneath a tall clock.", "Two women sitting beside each other near a clock and two dogs"]
["A building is shown with trees in front of it.", "Glass window in L shape with buildings and tree branches", "A photo duplicated a few times and put together.", "A photo of some windows, bricks, and trees.", "A window shot of a couple of trees outside of a house. "]
["A clock statue surrounded by city traffic and streets.", "A car on a street in front of a building.", "A car parked by a large clock tower.", "A clock tower in a European city looks down at the traffic below.", "A tall building with a clock embedded at its top."]
["a close up of a stuffed animal near a book", "A wicker picnic hamper with three teddy bears.", "A picnic basket with a bear theme is packed up.", "Bear themed loaded picnic basket with stuffed bear", "Open picnic basket containing spoon, fork, knife, plate and cup. "]
["A table and floor topped with bear themed items.", "a teddy bear on a table with other craft items", "This is a cute little display for the yard sale", "A room full of stuffed bears and other accessories related to stuffed bears.", "Several stuffed bears and a suitcase by a table."]
["A clock is apart of the top of a building. ", "a clock tower with trees in the foreground", "A tower of a building is seen between the trees and has clocks on the sides of it.", "The clock is in the top of the tower.", "A steeple with clock and weather vane on a roof against clear sky through trees."]
["A large clock tower with multiple clocks on it's face.", "An old tower has two clocks on its facade.  ", "A large building with a tall tower structure that has a clock on it.", "A clock sits on the side of the a tall building. ", "This building has several artistic designs on it."]
["A clock on a post standing outside of a building.", "A small clock tower in front of a brown building", "A small clock on a pole in front of a building.", "A clock on a pole in front of a brick building.", "A public clock in front of a public facility building."]
["A clock with a brick and glass building behind it.", "A clock on top of a pst, in front of a brick building.", "A street clock stands in front of a building.", "A clock sitting in front of a set of steps leading up to a tall building.", "A photo of the front of a building with a pole clock.", "A picture of a clock outside of a business building."]
["A large group of people riding bicycles down a street at night.", "A bike race moves through the square at night.", "A large group of cyclists ride by at night.", "Hundreds of cyclists pedaling down a city street at night.", "A large group of bicyclists riding at night. "]
["Many different people riding bikes on the street.", "A crowd of people riding bikes down a city street.", "A bunch of cycling people riding bikes on a street.", "some clocks buildings and many bicycle riders at night", "People all riding there bikes at night time ."]
["Three pictures of vases set up differently in a corner. ", "A series of photos showing furniture in a living room.", "a collage showing the different ways to present decorative vases", "Three pictures of vases in standing in the corner of the room.", "The vases stand in the corner of the room as an accent decoration.  "]
["a collection of green tinted glass with some flowers in the vase", "Four pieces of green glass kitchen ware on a counter.", "A table with three glass bowls and a vase.", "A table with flowers in a vase and three glass dishes.", "There are three dishes and a vase with two roses on the table. "]
["multiple vases with different designs and shapes displayed on tables", "A table in  a store with vases on display ", "Several large vases on display on white platforms.", "many different colored vases on a white counter", "Several vases that have colorful decoration set next to each other."]
["A glass filled with different flavored candy canes.", "The glass has many candy canes in it.", "a glass cup with some candy canes inside of it ", "an overhead shot of a cup full of candy canes", "There are candy canes of assorted colors in a glass."]
["Eight different striped candy canes resting in a green vase", "A glass container that is filled with candy canes", "A green glass vase holding and assortment of colorful candy canes.", "A clear green vase on a table with candy canes.", "A green vase filled with multi colored candy canes."]
["A glass vase with fresh flowers on a table with a glass angel.", "A vase full of pink flowers near a glass angel.", "a close up of vases on a table with flowers ", "A vase with flowers sits in the center of an elaborate arrangement. ", "a glass vase with some pink flowers on a table"]
["Yellow flowers in a vase on a windowsill. ", "A square shaped clear glass vase has some flowers in it.", "A big clear glass vase filled with some flowers.", "A glass vase holding several stems of a flower", "A vase with unopened flowers in ice "]
["A woman holding a pair of scissors up to her face.", "Person with pair of scissors in front of face.", "A person in the dark, holding a pair of scissors up to their face.", "Woman posed looking through the blades of scissors.", "a close up of a person with a pair of scissors "]
["a close up of a stuffed animal on the ground", "a stuffed bear standing against the wall holding a sign", "A teddy bear taped to the wall with a sign that says won't kill you.", "A stuffed bear and a sign next to a wall.", "A teddy bear is standing with a sign."]
["Young children lying on area full of stuffed toy bears.", "a young boy lays on top of a bunch of teddy bears", "Two small children playing in a stack of plush teddy bears.", "two children in a large pile of stuffed animals ", "Two kids laying in a pile of stuffed animals"]
["The girl lies on the bed near many stuffed bears. ", "a happy little girls laying on a bed with a large group of teddy bears ", "A young girl laying on a bed with dozens of brown teddy bears.", "a small kid lays on a bed with a bunch of stuffed animals ", "a little girl laying among a lot of teddy bears"]
["a couple of people that are sitting on a couch", "A view of a mother attempting to make her son smile for a Christmas photo. ", "A woman sitting on a couch with a child next to a teddy bear.", "A woman and a young child sitting on a chair, with a teddy bear.", "a woman and child sitting next to teddy bear beneath Christmas ornaments"]
["A baby girl with beautiful blue eyes standing next to a brown teddy bear.", "a toddler girl selfie with her stuffed bear", "A blue eyed baby looks at the camera.", "A toddler with a bow in her hair.", "A young child looks into the camera with wide eyes. "]
["THERE ARE CHILDREN THAT ARE EATING FOOD AT THE TABLE ", "two children sitting at a table with food and drinks", "A girl next to a boy while eating dinner at a table.", "Two children who are sitting at a table eating.", "a table with some children sitting at it "]
["A woman eating a variety of different food off of a white plate.", "A woman is looking away from a plate of cheese and fruit.", "A woman that is sitting in a chair with a plate in front of her.", "Old woman eating antepasta for her  lunch with tea.", "a man sitting at a table with a white plate of food"]
["A counter topped with containers of foods and a roll.", "A tray full of breakfast items served on a plane.", "A tray holding several different edible items. ", "a tray of food with a clear wrapped piece of bread.", "A tray of food that includes soup and bread."]
["A group of people sitting at a table together.", "A group of people sitting around a table together. ", "a group of people sitting at a banquet table with drinks ", "some people sitting at tables with flowers and drinks", "The group of friends is deciding what to eat."]
["A woman sitting at a table with a little girl.", "Two people sitting down at a table and eating.", "A woman and girl smile as they sit at a dining table.", "A woman and a girl are sitting at the table.", "A woman and a little girl are eating at the table."]
["A little girl sitting at a table with lots of food.", "A little girl is eating at a table.", "A smiling girl eating while sitting at a table.", "A little girl smiling and eating something. ", "A girl is smiling as she eats a hard boiled egg."]
["A boy poses with a fork eagerly with fruit topped pancakes.", "A boy sticking a fork into a stack of pancakes.", "A young boy with a fork in his hand smiling eating a fruit topped pancake.", "A child poses for a picture with pancakes", "A little boy eating a stack of pancakes with berries on top. "]
["These clams on the half shell are a seafood staple.", "A photo of pasta and clams alongside a fresh salad. ", "A white bowl filled with pasta and clams.", "a dish of pasta topped with mushrooms sitting on a table", "A bowl of pasta sits next to a glass and bowl of salad."]
["Woman in a shop with wine and beer looking at her cellphone.", "A surprised woman looking at a phone in front of a lot of alcohol.", "A woman in a wine store is on the phone.", "A woman in a wine shop surprised by her cell phone information", "a woman at a liquor store looking at her cell phone "]
["a couple of people are standing around a table", "a group of people standing around a table drinking champagne", "A group of people near a table with bottles of wine.", "A group of people conversing while drinking wine.", "A group of men and one woman standing around each other."]
["A man and woman sit together at a table.", "two people sitting at a table with wine glasses", "A man sitting next to a woman at a table.", "A man and woman at a table with microphone and glasses.", "A photo of a couple singing karaoke. "]
["The vendor is selling his homemade wine in the upscale store.", "A small group of people gather around a table selling items.", "People standing around a table with a display of bottles.", "A group of people standing near a restaurant table.", "A group of people gathering around a table displaying wine."]
["A man standing next to a table filled with bottles of wine.", "A man in a suit stands by wine in the grocery store.", "a man standing at a table with wine in a supermarket", "A man in a suit and glasses in front of a table with black wine bottles on it. ", "A man in a suit jacket is standing behind bottles of wine."]
["A couple of bottle of alcohol on a table next to glasses.", "Two wine bottles, corks and glasses sitting on a table.", "A table with glasses and partially empty win bottles in the middle of the table and four wine bottle corks laying next to the bottles.", "a close up of two bottles of wine on a table", "A table holds beer, wine corks, and glasses. "]
["A wooden table filled with wine glasses and a bowl of salad.", "A table has three wine glasses, several bottles of wine, and a bowl of salad.", "Bottles and glasses of wine beside a salad.", "A table filled with wine glasses, bottles of wine and a bowl of salad. ", "a man sits and dines at a nice set table"]
["Several glasses of wine are sitting corked and are used for the wine tasting.", "A counter with a variety of wines and cheeses. ", "Assortment of wine bottles displayed on counter top in market.", "Several bottles of wine sitting on a counter top.", "Bottles of wine and an empty glass on a counter with a sheet of paper."]
["A gentleman standing in the vicinity of other men", "A man standing by the doorway in a room. ", "Man in blazer and wearing glasses speaks to people in a room. ", "A man standing next to another man with no hair.", "A business man standing with a glass in his hand."]
["A person that is drinking some beer on a table.", "A man holding a bottle of beer on a counter.", "A man stands at a counter holding a beer.", "A man at a counter holding a beet and another beer bottle next to him.", "A man with two bottles of beer, a sign, and a wine glass at a counter."]
["A man gives a toast in a dining room full of people. ", "A man standing up while holding a wine glass in the middle of a room.", "A man in formal dress is giving a speech as many sitting people look on.", "The man in a suit stands up in front of the crowd holding a glass of wine", "A man standing up giving a toast at an event"]
["A group of people sitting around dinner tables.", "a couple of people are sitting at white tables", "a man in a suit stands in a dining room with a glass of wine in his hand while people sitting at dining tables covered with empty wine glasses watch him", "A man gives a speech with a glass of wine in his hand.", "A man in a black suit standing up with other people around."]
["a bottle and a glass on a white table cloth", "A bottle beverage next to a wine glass sitting on a table.", "Bottle of beer and a glass half full of beer.", "A large glass half full beside a bottled adult beverage.", "the glass is filled with a beverage on a table top"]
["A group of people is socializing at a table.", "A man sitting at a table with brown bags of booze on it.", "a group of people that  are sitting at a table", "Several people sitting at a table having a meeting.", "A table with many people sitting at it and many different bottles on it. "]
["A group of people sitting at a table in a bar working on paper work.", "a group of people sit around a table ", "These people are taking notes during a wine tasting", "People working on papers at a table in a restaurant.", "A working dinner with drinks is in a restaurant."]
["A woman shopping for different bottles of wine. ", "A woman sitting at a desk next to a woman bending over.", "A wine specialist explains wines to a taster.", "Two woman at a table full of wine", "A customer service representative helps a client make a choice."]
["Blindfolded men standing in robes are tasting wine.", "Some men with red capes looking weird and smiling. ", "Two people wearing blind folds drinking and tasting wine.", "Two people are blind-folded and one is drinking. ", "Two men wear red capes and blindfolds and one man smells a glass of wine."]
["Two men standing around a table with bottles of wine.", "A couple of men standing inside of a liquor store.", "A man is talking with a wine shop employee.", "the clerk in the liquor store telling how long something is", "Two men are talking around a counter at a store"]
["A man with a blindfold holding a wine glass", "A man wearing a black blindfold holding  a glass of wine.", "A man holding a glass of wine is blindfolded.", "A man in a red cape is blindfolded, holding a glass of wine. ", "Man in blindfold and red garb holding glass of wine."]
["a display of items for sale on a shelf", "A table topped with a framed picture of bottles of wine.", "A store display features many types of kitchen utensils. ", "A store offers artisan foods, including bread and wine.", "A table displaying assorted foods and wine accessories."]
["A smiling man sitting behind several wine glasses.", "A man wearing glasses next to wine glasses.", "A man smiling over several glasses of wine.", "A man in a tie smiling with several wine glasses in front of him.", "A man smiles while sitting down and having wine."]
["A man holding a glass of wine while sitting at a table filled with wine glasses.", "Man in coat testing wine aromas and bouquet.", "A man is surrounded by many whine glasses", "A man who is at a wine tasting event.", "A WINE TASTER CAREFULLY EXAMINING WINE SAMPLES KEPT IN GLASSES."]
["A man pointing at something by people with glasses and wine bottles.", "Two men and a woman dressed fancy talk across a table", "Two men are serving wine to two women at a wine tasting event.", "A group of people standing near a table with wine", "Two men speaking to a woman from behind a desk."]
["An older man drinking white wine from a glass.", "A man smelling a glass of wine to test its flavor.", "A man in a suit smelling a glass of wine before tasting it. ", "a man placing his nose in  a wine glass", "a man sticking his nose inside a wine glass"]
["A man sniffing wine inside of a glass.", "A man in a jacket sniffs a glass of wine.", "A person in a blazer holds a wine glass to his mouth.", "Man tasting wine looking upscale in suit ith buttons.", "Man in a suit drinking wine from a wine glass."]
["there is a man wearing a hat and talking on the phone ", "An Asian man wearing a hat walks and talks on a cell phone.", "Man wearing a sun hat talking on a cell phone while walking through a street fair.", "A man in an Oriental Hat on a cell phone.", "A heavy-set man wearing a conical Asian bamboo hat, chats on a cell phone, at a street market."]
["A teenager wheeling a suitcase down a crowded street.", "A young man walking down a sidewalk pulling his travel bag as others watch.", "A person with a suitcase on a street.", "The person who is walking is pulling a suitcase.", "a man walking down the road with a suitcase"]
["a person in an office setting sitting in a chair", "Man sitting in blue chair smiling while another stands in the back.", "A man in a blue shirt sits in his office chair.", "An Asian gentleman sitting in a blue chair at an open office area.", "Young Japanese man smiling in his chair possibly in his office."]
["A man in shirt and tie holding an umbrella.", "The man with the umbrella is looking up.", "A man in a tie and a formal dress shirt holding an umbrella.", "A man is holding an umbrella and looking forward. ", "I am unable to see the image above."]
["A man wearing goggles and standing in the snow.", "A man that has goggles and standing in the snow.", "A man in ski gear looks at the camera.", "A man with goggles standing in the snow.", "A man standing on a snowy slope with hiking gear on."]
["A man and a woman standing next to a motor cycle.", "A man and woman reacting to a motorcycle. ", "A man and woman stand with a motorcycle, exchanging a trophy.", "A woman is surprised as a man hands her a trophy while standing in front of a motorcycle.", "A man trying to shake a woman's hand with her tongue stuck out standing behind a motorcycle. "]
["An old man holding a plaque next to a motorcycle.", "A man holding a plaque in front of a motorcycle with a side car.", "A man holds up a plaque standing next to his motorcycle and sidecar.", "A man is holding a plaque near an old car.", "a man is holding something next to a motorcycle"]
["Some cars are traveling on the streets on a cloudy day. ", "A man on a motorcycle is waiting at a stoplight.  ", "Picture of a man on a motorcycle taken from inside the vehicle behind him.", "A man riding a motorcycle down a street next to a field.", "A man on a motorcycle behind a red car, at a stop light."]
["A kitchen with a center island with wooden stools.", "A white kitchen decorated for Christmas with green and red", "A kitchen decorated with Christmas garlands and bows.", "There's a large island with chairs in the kitchen.", "A kitchen is decorated with red bows and greenery."]
["A small room with a heater and a desk filled with clutter.", "An old cement wall in a home is decorated with garland.", "A cluttered room with Christmas decorations hanging on the wall.", "a wall covered in decorations in what looks like a small kitchen", "Different fixtures hang from the wall which boast a green dart board."]
["A group of people standing around a kitchen preparing food.", "The chefs are in the kitchen preparing meals. ", "A group of chefs in a kitchen preparing food", "A group of chefs cooking over stoves in an instructional setting. ", "A culinary class in a large kitchen with several stoves."]
["a couple of people that are in a kitchen", "A man and woman select food from catering pans in a large kitchen.", "a woman standing in a kitchen cooks some food", "a couple of people making some food ", "Two people select food from a buffet in a kitchen."]
["a woman in kitchen cooking chips in fry", "A woman making fries on a commercial stove in a cafe", "A woman stands by a deep fryer and a heat lamp in a kitchen. ", "a female in a gray shirt is working in a kitchen", "A person working in a kitchen next a fryer and a heat lamp."]
["A restaurant kitchen with two giant menus sitting above the cooking area.", "A restaurant counter back in the kitchen ", "A menu board at a fast food restaurant.", "Small restaurant with lit signs and items on the counter. ", "The food preparation area at a small restaurant."]
["A brown dog laying down in a room next to a desk.", "A golden dog is looking off into space.", "A yellow dog is posing for a picture in front of the camera. ", "a brown dog with brown eyes against a white background", "A dog looking intently while sitting next to a person."]
["a stove top and counter in a kitchen", "A stovetop with multiple kitchen appliances along with a bottle of water.", "A stove top oven sitting next to a mixer.", "The kitchen stove with mixer on the counter next to bottle of water.", "A stove is shown with a mixer next to it."]
["A man kneeling down on a sidewalk to hug his two dogs.", "a man with a hat petting two brown dogs", "A man squatted down by two small dogs.", "A man is hugging a couple of dogs", "A man is hugging to brown dogs on a leash."]
["a kitchen has a chrome stove and oven with white cabinets.\n", "a kitchen with a stove a microwave and cupboards", "Stainless steel industrial stove sitting in a white and black kitchen.", "A stainless steel oven sits between white cupboards with black counter tops while sun shines through the kitchen windows.", "A silver oven in a white and black kitchen. "]
["A kitchen counter filled with lots of dishes.", "A kitchen scene is pictured in this image.", "Kitchen with stainless steel appliances and dishes on the counter.", "A kitchen with a dish drainage tray sitting across from a microwave.", "A kitchen has a basket full of clean dishes next to used ones."]
["A very large double door refrigerator in a kitchen.", "There is a refrigerator with any pictures on it", "A white refrigerator freezer sitting inside of a kitchen.", "A decorated fridge, oven and stove, in the kitchen. ", "A kitchen with a refrigerator, stove, dishwasher and toaster. "]
["A kitchen sink and part of a stove with a doorway leading into an adjacent room", "A kitchen with wood floors and  green counter tops.", "This cabin has a kitchen that features wood and stone. ", "View of a narrow kitchen looking thru to another room.", "Small orange tiled kitchenette in wood and stone structure."]
["A woman making sandwiches on a kitchen counter top.", "A woman is in the kitchen making sandwiches.", "A woman stands in the kitchen preparing a meal", "There is a woman in the kitchen cooking", "A woman in a kitchen preparing a sandwich with tomatoes. "]
["A messy kitchen in a wooden house in the country.", "A brown kitchen has an aqua sink and counter.", "A kitchen filled with furniture and decor beside a bedroom. ", "A sink under a window next to a doorway.", "A kitchen with dishes in the drainer leads into a bedroom."]
["A woman cooks dinner while three people stand at a counter in the kitchen.", " A woman cooking in a kitchen with other people gathered in the kitchen.", "some people in a kitchen and one woman is cooking", "Four people visiting in kitchen while meal is being prepared.", "A lot of people that are in the kitchen together."]
["A child in a cart behind small pony on race track.", "A person in blue rides a car attached to a horse around a track.", "A woman riding a carriage pulled by a brown pony in a race. ", "A woman riding in cart pulled by a miniature pony. ", "a person riding a buggy being pulled by a horse"]
["A couple of men riding horse drawn carriages.", "Two equestrians are leading horse and buggy around a track.", "Two horse-drawn chariots racing on a track. ", "Two horses and jockeys in a harness race. ", "There is a horse race going on in a carriage cart"]
["A baby, an old lady, a woman, and a man prepare for turkey", "A man carves a turkey while a small boy holds a large piece of turkey.", "A family gathered around a kitchen table to carve a turkey.", "A family standing around a partially carved turkey sitting on a counter table top.", "A family gathers around the island in the kitchen with a cooked turkey."]
["A man dressed in a helmet and goggles indoors has a goofy smile on and his hand raised. ", "A man smiles wearing a helmet and goggles.", "Man smiling with hat in kitchen with mess around", "A man in a helmet and eye goggles holds up his hand.", "A man is holding up his hand wearing a hat and glasses."]
["A wooden kitchen table and bench on wooden floor.", "A house scene with focus on the dining room and kitchen.", "A house that has tables and counters with only one leg.", "The ammenities at a popular luxurious travel destination.", "An advertisement of a dining room and kitchen looks nice."]
["A woman is standing in front of a stove", "A sepia-tone photo of a man and a boy standing near a stove.", "A woman and two children doing stuff in a kitchen.", "A black and white picture of people in a kitchen. ", "A couple of people standing in a room."]
["A man kneeling down next to a brown cow.", "a man milking a cow while he looks at something ", "A man that is standing next to a cow.", "Somebody is in the photograph not certain who that individual is. \n", "A guy wearing a straw hat and a gray hoodie milks a cow."]
["Three young people in a kitchen pointing to a pizza.", "Two girls and a boy point to an unbaked pizza.", "Three people are posing next to a raw pizza.", "A group of friends posing for a picture together next to a pizza.", "Three people in a kitchen hug and point at pizza"]
["An open door that leads into a kitchen ", "Looking through a doorway at a clean and white kitchen", "An industrial kitchen with white floor and cabinets and a steel door.", "A photo taken through a doorway of the kitchen in the background.", "A kitchen with appliances is shown with a door open."]
["A bare kitchen in the midst of a paint job.", "a kitchen filled with some items so it can be painted ", "a room being painted and some tins of paint", "A kitchen in the middle of some renovations ", "A kitchen with painting supplies scattered on the floor."]
["A chef preparing food in a kitchen on a platter.", "A man in a kitchen preparing chickens in a bow of broth.", "A cook prepares some food in a kitchen.", "A chef preparing food in a kitchen with soup and foodstuffs.", "A man preparing food on a large counter."]
["A kitchen filled with hard wood flooring and appliances.", "A large kitchen with white cabnets and wood floors", "A clean white and wood toned kitchen with wine.", "A large open kitchen with stainless steel appliances.", "A modern kitchen with geometric design and hardwood floors."]
["A kitchen that is very clean in a house.", "A TV mounted on a wall next to a kitchen with a sink.", "A large, clean kitchen has three bar stools and a lot of countertop area.", "A modern kitchen with white walls and wood flooring.", "A bare kitchen is outfitted with light wood and white furniture. "]
["A woman standing in a kitchen preparing food.", "A lady wears an apron when she cooks.", "A woman in a kitchen with a puzzled look on her face.", "a woman is in the kitchen backing a recipe", "A woman with glasses wearing an orange t-shirt stands in a kitchen area."]
["A creepy Spinx statue suspended to the front end of a dump truck.", "A bicyclist is riding on the street in front of a truck.", "A man on a bicycle riding past a large sphinx sculpture.", "A statue near a traffic filled city street. ", "View of city street with traffic and bicyclists next to a stone lion on a pedestal in front of a building."]
["This is a bathroom with a toilet and a tub with a clear shower curtain,", "An old white tiled bathroom with toilet and tub", "A section of a bathroom showing the toilet and bath tub.", "There is a white toilet and a white tub", "A bathroom with a toilet and a bathtub."]
["A table full of items and on a sunny day. ", "A picnic table with many bags, lunchboxes, and other items", "A picnic table at a campsite is loaded with tons of camping gear.", "This is a picture of a persons garage sale.", "A picnic table loaded with hiking and camping gear"]
["White and gray cat looking past spoked wheel.", "The cat is hiding under something and looking into the distance ", "A white cat sits near a tire as it crouches on the ground.", "A cat sitting underneath a bike on a street.", "A cat is looking intently ahead at something."]
["A woman on a bike with a baby seat holding a dog leash.", "The woman is riding a bike with a child while walking her dog.", "A woman riding a bike with her baby on the back and German Shepard on leash.", "A person walking a dog while riding a bicycle.", "A woman and her child bike while walking the dog."]
["The walls outside the small bathroom have a blue tint.", "A bathroom with toilet, shower, and cabinets in it.", "A white toilet sitting next to a shower.", "A bathroom has a white counter top and shower curtain.", "a bathroom with a sink and a toilet"]
["Bathroom sink has a long counter space and 3 piece mirror.", "A bathroom area with a  sink, mirror and cabinets.", "Very plain interior bathroom with type of damage to the ceiling", "a bah room with a sink a mirror and a toilet", "A bathroom is decorated in several tones of white."]
["A man in black shirt using urinal in bathroom.", "A man is using are urinal while smiling at the camera", "A man is standing next to a silver bathroom urinal.", "A man stands in a bathroom at a urinal.", "young man, likely in his 20s, urinating in public restroom"]
["a bathroom that has a sink and a toilet in it", "A bathroom sink sitting inside of a bathroom.", "A hairdryer, hair straightener and shampoo bottles are in a bathroom.", "a bath room with a sink and a large mirror ", "Hygiene products and hair products in a small bathroom."]
["this bathroom is very big and has lots of room", "A bathroom with a toilet, sink, and shower.", "a bathroom view of a sink toilet on a tiled floor", "A tiled floor bathroom with a red and black shower curtain.", "A bathroom showing toilet, sink, and shower "]
["two bikes parked on the street with pizza delivery boxes attached to their back ends", "Two bikes that are used for pizza delivery are locked on the street.", "Three pizza delivery bicycles are parked on the sidewalk.", "A bike and a carton of food to carry for deliveries", "Several pizza delivery bicycles sit next to a truck."]
["A bathroom with a white toilet next to a walk in shower.", "A large modern bathroom with a shower stall, tub, toilet and vanity.", "a very large bathroom with a lot of space", "A man takes a picture in the mirror in his bathroom.", "A man takes a picture of a modern looking bathroom."]
["a public bathroom with several sinks and mirrors", "Someone taking a picture of the sinks in a public restroom.", "A bathroom that has several sinks, mirrors, and a blue tile floor.", "A public bathroom with blue tile and several mirrors.", "A bathroom area with blue tiled floor and sinks."]
["A white urinal mounted to the side of a wall.", "A urinal in a bathroom with water in it", "A white urinal in a multicolored tile bathroom.", "a single urinal in the corner with tiled walls", "A urinal is in a bathroom with checkered tiled walls."]
["A couple of people with some bikes on a street.", "A man standing next to a woman as they stand near bikes.", "A man and woman with blue shirts and bicycles on a sidewalk.", "A man and woman on bicycles are looking at a map.", "a man and a woman are standing with some bikes"]
["A man filling jugs with water from a bathroom sink.", "It is always wise to have bottles of water on hand in case of an emergency.", "A guy filling up water jugs in a sink. ", "A man is filling a gallon jug in a bathroom sink.", "A man is filling up water jugs at a sink."]
["A bathroom with a white toilet and a white toilet seat.", "A bathroom cover seat skiing no bottles be thrown in the toilet", "An airplane bathroom has warning signs on the toilet and the wall.", "The top of a toilet is propped up.", "There are some warning signs on a public toilet"]
["A mouse sitting on the side of a computer monitor.", "A bathroom key on a keychain made from a mouse.", "A grey computer mouse and a silver metal key.", "A computer mouse, used as a key chain, sits upon a white surface.", "A mouse is sitting on a surface next to a key."]
["A sink in a kitchen with an overhead light on ", "A dark kitchen sink with a light shining above and dishes on a drainer. ", "A nightlight is on over a kitchen sink.", "A kichhen sink sitting in the corner of  a dimly lit kitchen.", "A very small kitchen sink with a single light above it."]
["A bunch of bicycles parked on the street with items sitting around them ", "Bicycles with back packs parked in a public place.", "Several bicycles sit parked nest to each other.", "a bunch of bikes in the middle of a road", "A bunch of bicycles are parked on a sidewalk. "]
["A bathroom that is very clean and white.", "A white bathroom looking at the cabinet sink", "a white bathroom with a black and white shower curtain", "A bathroom sink under a window.next to a shower.", "The small bathroom is very clean and empty."]
["A city bus crosses an intersection of a crowded neighborhood.", "Several people crossing the street while a double decker bus drives by.", "A two story red and white train going down the street .", "People walk across the street as a double decker bus passes by. ", "there are many people that are crossing this street"]
["This is an aerial view of the nearly-finished bathroom  in a house still under construction.", "a bathroom with a toilet a sink and a bath tub", "The view from above of a bathroom with blue tape on the floor.", "A small bathroom with a bathtub sitting next to a toilet and a sink.", "Top view of a bathroom including tub, sink and toilet."]
["A long haired cat lounging on top of a car.", "a close up of a cat laying on a car roof", "A grey and black striped cat slaying on top of a car.", "A cat is lying on the roof of a car.", "Cat lying indolently on top of a small car."]
["two hairy dogs lying on a bed cover looking", "kkkk kkk kk kkkk kkk kkk kkk k kk k k k kk k k k kk", "Three dogs bunched into a bed with their leases still intact.", "The dogs are on their leashes in a bed. ", "A dachshund and two other dogs crowed into a dog bed."]
["A dog laying on the dashboard of a vehicle.", "A poodle is on the dashboard of a car.", "A black poodle witting on a cars dashboard.", "A black dog sitting on top of a dash board.", "A dog sitting on a car dashboard looking at a camera"]
["A brown and black horse in the middle of the city eating grass.", "Two horses eating grass near a parking lot. ", "Two horses standing in a field across the stre.et from a building", "Two mules eating grass in a parking lot in front of a hotel. ", "Two horses eat grass next to a group of parked cars."]
["A group of cows on street next to building and bus.", "Several cows are in the public street by a car.", "A person and some cows on a road.", "A man herding animals on a street in Asia.", "A bunch of horses on a street with one man in a hat."]
["a picture of a science fiction character in a bathroom", "A picture of a robot next to the toilet in the bathroom.", "a toilet and sink with a starwars wall paper", "The bathroom has a picture of a robot connected to the toilet ", "A white sink and toilet in a room."]
["Two girls in a library seated at a table cutting large brown paper.", "Girls sitting in a library cutting brown paper.", "Two girls working on a project in the library.", "A couple of girls cutting paper with some scissors.", "Two teenaged girls sitting in armchairs at a public library and cutting sheets of craft paper with scissors."]
["A white toilet with a  control panel on it's left side.", "A bathroom with a white toilet with electronic capabilities. ", "A toilet with lid shut and control panel with buttons to one side.", "A modern toilet with several push button controls on the side.", "A bathroom has a very small toilet with buttons."]
["A boat that looks like a car moves through the water. ", "A car modified to drive in the water on a lake.", "A car modified to be a boat on the water.", "A picture of a boat that looks like a car in the water.", "a car that has been converted into a boat floating on water"]
["THERE ARE TWO COWS THAT ARE WALKING IN THE GRASS", "two cows walking out of green field and crossing a road ", "Two cows outside a fence walking near a dirt road", "Two cows that are standing in the grass.", "two cows walking from a field into the road"]
["A dog that is on the back of a motorcycle.", "a small dog stands on top of a motor cycle ", "A small dog stands atop a vintage motorcycle.", "a small dog is standing on a motorcycle", "A motorcycle parked on a sidewalk with a dog standing on the seat."]
["A cat laying on the seat of a motorcycle ", "A cat is alseep on a motorcycle seat.", "A cat sprawls out on the seat of a motorcycle.", "A cat stretches out on the seat of a motorcycle.", "Large brown cat lying on leather seat of motorcycle."]
["A very fluffy, calico-colored cat sits on the toilet seat. ", "A furry cat sitting on top of a toilet bowl", "A cat sitting on the seat of a toilet. ", "Older cat is sitting on a toilet inside of the bathroom.", "A black, brown and white cat on toilet seat next to a shower."]
["The police have several motorcycles parked together outside.", "A row of parked police motorcycles with helmets.", "A row of several police motorcycles with helmets.", "Several white police motorcycles parked in a row with helmets on them.", "a bunch of motorcycles are parked outside together"]
["A blurry and out of focus image of a person on a bike riding in a field  towards cows in the distance.", "A person riding a motorcycle in a cow pasture.", "A blurry photo of a boy riding his bike through the grass.", "Blurry picture of a boy riding a bike through a grassy field near some cows", "We see a blurry picture of a person riding a bike through a field with some cows."]
["a bath room with a toilet a large mirror", "A white toilet sitting next to a bathroom sink.", "A bathroom sink with a mirror and toilet.", "A view of a bathroom complete with a green sink.", "Open toilet and reflected shower stall in a small, cluttered bathroom."]
["Two urinals in wall with a white divider.", "Urinals set into stone with a glass divider", "A bathroom with green walls has urinals on it.", "A full view of some upright toilets in the restroom. ", "there are two urinals in a public bathroom "]
["A motorcycle sitting next to a sidewalk with a potted plant on it.", "A man taking a picture in the reflection of a motor bike side mirror.", "A person taking a picture of a moped is reflected in its mirror.", "There is a man taking a picture on a side view mirror", "A person is in the rear view mirror of a motorcycle."]
["A gang of bikers riding down a street next to tall buildings.", "At the picture is a scene of an outside town. \n", "Motorcycles drive down a city street with businesses in the background.", "a bunch of people on motor bikes ride on a street ", "some buildings motorcycle riders street traffic light "]
["A man riding on a motorcycle near people walking.", "A man riding a motorcycle down a city sidewalk.", "The person rides a motorcycle beside walking pedestrians. ", "A man is riding a bike down the road.", "A man rides his motorcycle through an alley way. "]
["A girl is sitting by her dog on the stairs.", "A person and dog sitting outside a building with a table, toilet bowl and ladder against the building.", "The woman looks at her dog as the dog watches something in the distance.  ", "A woman sitiing on the top step in front of a door.", "Woman seated on steps with dog next to toilet and ladder."]
["A view of a bathroom with a huge pipe behind it.", "a toilet some pipes and some silver and black items", "A white toilet sitting on top of a tiled floor.", "The toilet seat is up and there are exposed pipes. ", "a tiled floor with a toilet sitting on top of it "]
["A bird that is sitting on a plate on a table.", "A blue bird caught eating leftovers from a dinner plate.", "A bird sits on an old plate of food.", "a blue bird with a black face sitting on a plate", "a blue and black bird a plate of food and some cups and pots"]
["A toilet that has its seat open with water in it.", "A close shot of a toilet with the seat up and some toilet paper. ", "A toilet in a white bathroom is seen in this image.", "A toilet in a bathroom with black and white tiles on the floor.", "A white toilet sitting next to a toilet paper roller."]
["The clock on the side of the metal building is gold and black. ", "A very large black and gold clock mounted to the side of a building.", "A close up of the face of a clock on a building.", "there is a very large black and gold clock on a building", "The numbers and hands on the clock are gold."]
["A computer desk with a desktop and laptop computer. ", "An empty chair is at a messy desk with a laptop and a monitor on it.", "Two desktops that are sitting on a desk.", "A table with lots of office supplies above a chair.", "An office work area with two computer monitors and a blue chair."]
["Many motor bikes lined up on a city street.", "Two motorcycles parked next to each other, with a number of others motorcycles in the background", "Several different motorcycles parked in a parking lot.", "a motorcycle parked on a city street with other motorcycles", "A yellow motorcycle in parking lot next to other motorcycles."]
["Motor vehicles on roadway in urban city setting.", "A man is riding a motorcycle past some parked cars.", "A person on a motorcycle on a busy city street.", "A man riding on the back of a motorcycle down a street.", "A person on a motorbike drives past a gate."]
["A man sitting on a stone block talking on a cell phone.", "A man sitting on a concrete pedestal talking on the phone.", "A man sitting on a concrete post, talking on a cell phone.", "A man sitting on a post talking on a cell phone.", "A man sitting on a pillar talking on the phone"]
["A metal gear with chain on a wheel.", "A bike part is shown at a close view range.", "a close up of a bike spoke with a chain with a ground background", "A gear is shown up close near other metal.", "A close up image of a bike gear and chain."]
["a room filled desks and computers a man and woman sitting listening and anther man with a camera", "Three people sitting in a room and one of them is holding a camera to his face.", "People in a room with desks and laptops, one person is taking pictures.", "A man taking a picture in a room with tables, laptops, and other people in it ", "People sit while another man takes a photo."]
["View of dining room of restaurant with cone lights overhead", "A restaurant inside a clocktower, with elaborate light fixtures.", "The restaurant has a wall with a huge clock visible to the outside.", "A restaurant with a large clock at the end of the room as a window.", "There is a large dining hall with a large window."]
["two motorcyclist driving on an empty road near evergreen trees", "Two people riding motorcycles down a winding road.", "Two people riding motorcycles, one in front of the other. ", "Two people riding on a road on short motorcycles.", "Two people riding motorcycles down a forested road."]
["A church with a clock under it's pointy roof above a window.", "The side of a building with a clock above a blue door.", "A blue door on a building below a clock", "A building sits with a clock and a blue door. ", "A clock tower with a blue window underneath it."]
["A bicycle on a road with a motor bike at the front", "A handle bar of a bike and the street with other people riding down it. ", "a handle bar view as a motor bike drives down the road ", "Back view of motorcycle handlebars with street view following other motorcycles.", "The view of the road as seen from riding a motorcycle."]
["A modified motorcycle parked with other motorcycles on the pavement.", "some motorcycles parked and the one in front is a silver three wheeler", "A custom built two seater motorcycle next to other bikes. ", "A massive motorcycle parked next to other motorcycles in a parking lot.", "A custom motorcycle is parked alongside other traditional motorcycles.  "]
["The people are all watching and listening to the bikers on the corner of the road", "A bunch of people in leather jackets are gathered together.", "Men and women are gathered around on the corner", "A group of people gathered on a street corner with a number of parked motorcycles.", "a big group of people that are next to a stop sign"]
["A cop riding on top of a motorcycle.", "A man on a motorcycle leading a parade. ", "The motorcycle officer is heading the city parade.", "Motor officer on roadway during parade in city.", "A police officer riding his motorcycle in a parade."]
["A man in black shirt on a motorcycle in a street.", "a person sitting on a motorcycle on a city street", "a man ready to ride a motor bike on a street road", "A person on a motor cycle poses on the road.", "a man standing on his motorcycle by the road "]
["A cat curled up in the shade on a door stoop.", "A cat curled op in the shade on a doorstep", "A cat is sleeping outside near a door.", "A cat sits in the shadow of a blue doorway.", "A cat sleeps on a concrete hearth of a building"]
["A close up of a plane with several people around it on the ground.", "airplane workers doing an inspection before the plane leaves.", "A white plane has a black front and is at the airport", "A Japanese jet with workers walking up to it", "A large passenger jet sitting on an airport tarmac."]
["A black leather couch in a living room with two chairs, a table and a book case.", "The room has a leather couch and two chairs.", "A living room with a leather couch and old chair.", "A living room with a black couch and two chairs.", "A black couch sitting in a living room next to other furniture."]
["two dogs are at a door trying to get outside", "The three puppies stand near the screen door of the busy room.", "Three dogs by a screen door that has a pet entrance in it, leading to the outside of the house.", "A group of dogs huddled around a dog door.", "Three dogs are situated next to a door outfitted with a doggy door. "]
["A car and a motorcycle viewed from through a windshield.", "A station wagon and a man riding a motorcycle seen through a car windshield.", "A view of a motorcyclist from the inside of a car.", "The man is riding the motorcycle on the highway.", "A man wearing a helmet on a motorcycle drives behind a green station wagon."]
["A man riding a motorcycle behind a dune buggy.", "The motorcycle with a side car drives toward a lighthouse.", "A person is driving a motorcycle down the street. ", "A dual motorcycle scoots along the country road with the lighthouse in the background.", "A couple of people on a motor bike."]
["2 motorcycles stand next to each other on the street.", "a close up of a motorcycle parked near others", "A couple of parked motorcycles on a parking lot.", "A couple of parked motorcycles near a group of people.", "Two motorcycles parked on the side of the road next to a grassy area."]
["An office with a leather couch surrounded by books.", "A small sitting room with furniture and books.", "Black leather sofa in a room with white walls", "A room with a chair and couch and multiple books.", "A couch and chair are surrounded by books. "]
["A TV set sitting on top of a shelf next to movies.", "There are two shelves of DVDs and videos on either side of this television.", "A older TV on a shelf with videos on shelves on either side.", "a close up of a tv on an entertainment center", "a photo of an old crt tv monitor with dvds around it"]
["A large passenger jet flying over the top of a large body of water.", "A large white airplane flying up in the sky.", "A commercial airplane flying low over a long bridge.", "A cloudy sky looms over a dock and the water.", "An aircraft is taking off from the airport."]
["A plane that is flying in the sky over two houses.", "A plane is flying over a dual house. ", "Two brown houses sitting next to a sandy beach.", "A plane is flying in the clear sky over some houses.", "A plane is flying in the sky over two houses. "]
["An ANA airplane as it is taking off.", "An airplane takes off from a runway of a city airport.", "A large passenger jet flying off of a runway next to a hotel.", "The plain is taking off from the airport.", "A plane takes off from a runway while a large building stands in the background."]
["A distant airplane high up into the sky.", "An airplane is climbing in the sky as the sun sets.", "The setting sun with a jet plane far above it. ", "the plane has just taken off in to the  sunset. ", "An airplane flying in the sky over a setting sun. "]
["A airplane banking to the right as it ascends into the sky", "A JAL airplane is flying in the sky.", "A commercial airplane flying on a clear day.", "A commercial airliner in the clear blue sky.", "a white airplane flies across the blue sky"]
["A colorful jet is sitting patiently on a runway.", "A fighter jet landing on an airport runway", "A blue fighter jet on a runway surrounded by mountains.", "A jet plane with the number 1 on it, standing on an airstrip. ", "A photo of a blue fighter jet on a runway."]
["A large jetliner sitting on top of a tarmac.", "a big airplane that is on a runway", "A large plane that is boarding on a runway area.", "A jet airplane parked on the tarmac ", "A commercial airliner parked at the gate loading up for its next flight."]
["a large airplane that is parked in a runway", "A large jetliner sitting on top of an airport runway.", "A plane sitting alone on a runway at an airport.", "A blue and white passenger jet is sitting on the runway.", "an airplane is in position on the runway"]
["A fighter jet sitting on top of an airport tarmac.", "A fighter jet parked behind a barrier with people looking at it.", "An air craft is parked for display at a showing.", "a jet plane sitting out as part of a display", "A fighter jet parked for spectators to take photos."]
["A group of avaitors standing on an airport runway.", "Five military aviators stand looking at planes at an airfield in a valley. ", "A group of people are gathered around an airplane. ", "A group of pilots standing next to each other.", "A group of men looking at  a plane on the runway"]
["A plane sits outside a room full of chairs. ", "An airport waiting room with the nose of a plane at the window", "Airport waiting room with large jet parked outside the window.", "A waiting area in an airport terminal ", "An airport waiting room with the nose of a plane visible through the window."]
["Plane in window with cloudy sky and chairs ", "there is a airplane that is being boarded", "A plane is preparing to load its passengers.", "a large plane is parked outside on the run way", "A picture of an airplane from outside a window."]
["Closeup of view of the cabin and wing of a large commercial airliner.", "A Kenyan Airways airplane sits on the runway.", "Kenya Airways airplane wing, engine and cabin on the tarmac", "A  side view of a large commercial airplane on the runway", "A Kenya Airways plane with red engine cover on the ground."]
["a tree surrounded by a little bench with someone sitting on it", "A man sitting on a bench surrounding a tree.", "A man sitting on top of a bench near a parking lot.", "A person sitting on a wooden bench on a street.", "A picture of a man sitting on a bench with a tree in the center of it."]
["A photo of a grassy hillside with several sheep grazing.", "A bunch of animals standing in the grass.", "A herd of sheep grazing on a lush green hillside.", "There are some sheep on a grassy hill. ", "Several sheep grazing over a large, green hillside."]
["A large white airplane parked on a runway.", "a jumbo commuter jet is shown parked ", "An airplane parked on a runway at an airport.", "A small Sky west jet liner on the tarmac", "A large Alaska airlines jet sitting on top of a tarmac."]
["Two giraffe are standing close to many trees and shrubs.", "A couple of giraffe standing next to each other in a jungle.", "Two giraffes standing next to trees in a forest. ", "One young and older giraffe standing near green tropical trees.", "some giraffes standing by some leafy trees "]
["A group of sheep standing in the road.", "The small herd of sheep are walking across a street together.", "A flock of sheep are on the road in the middle of  a grassy plain.", "A group of woolly sheep walk across a road. ", "There were a flock of sheep walking down the road together."]
["a couple of giraffes are standing on a trail", "Two small giraffes stand in a grassy savanna.", "two giraffe standing side by side next to a group of trees", "A large giraffe and a small giraffe standing in front of trees. ", "The giraffe is waiting for the baby to catch up."]
["A little boy in the airport watching an airplane.", "A little boy dragging his luggage in a airport.", "A child rolling his luggage looks at the plane out the window.", "A young boy is walking past the airport windows with luggage in tow.", "A child is pulling a suitcase at an airport."]
["An airplane flying over a big harvest moon", "An airplane flying past the Moon in the sky.", "A plane flies in the sky in front of a silhouette of a moon.", "A jet flies in the distance with the moon in the background. ", "A plane flies in the sky passing over the moon."]
["one teo three for finb di bu bu", "The underside of an airplane as it flies overhead.", "A lower shot of an Air Plane in the air. ", "A airplane with propellers that is flying in the sky.", "a red blue and white airplane flying in the sky"]
["A view of a bunch of sheep lined up with a man behind them.", "Several sheep lined up in a row with a man lying next to them.", "A boy is posing in a line of sheep.", "A flock of sheep with a young boy holding one", "A smiling guy by a big bunch of cute sheep,"]
["A train traveling down train tracks in a rural area.", "A TRAIN IS ON THE TRAN TRACKS RIGHT NOW ", "A green and yellow train pulling cargo along a track.", "A train speeding along the railroad yard during the day.", "A train is rolling through a train yard."]
["A large airplane flying over a lush green hillside.", "A man by a motor bike looking at an airplane.", "A plane flies while a person sitting against a motorcycle watches.", "A man is pulled over taking a picture of the landscape.", "A motorcyclist is stopped an photographing a jet with a nautical design."]
["A small white plane sitting on top of an airport runway.", "A plane that is sitting in the dirt.", "Some people by a small plane with a bunch of mud on it.", "a close up of a small plane on a dirt run way", "The group of young people have deplaned in a muddy area."]
["A flock of birds sitting on top of a green field.", "A white sheep and birds in a field.", "A field has birds flying and a lone sheep grazing in the grass.", "Several birds flying over a pasture as a goat grazes.", "Birds fly close to the ground where a sheep is grazing."]
["An old couple is sitting down on a bench together.", "An elderly man and woman sitting down on a wooden bench together.", "An elderly man and woman sit on a bench.", "Two elderly people are sitting on a bench.", "An old couple sitting on a bench looking at the ground."]
["Giraffes and a Zebra under a locust tree.", "A group of giraffe standing around a tree.", "A zebra feeds on grass as giraffes stand in the background.", "A herd of giraffes and a zebra grazing in a grassy field.", "A zebra leaned over eating grass with giraffe standing in the background."]
["A large passenger jet flying over a mountain.", "Yellow, white and blue airplane flying over a mountain.", "An airplane is flying over a huge mountain covered with snow.", "A plane is flying over a snowy mountain.", "An airplane flying in the sky over a snowy mountain."]
["A crashed airplane is shown with its front missing. ", "A plane crash that is taped and barricaded off and being searched through..", "The fragment of the burned plane rests on the ground.", "Blue and white airplane crashed in field broken in half.", "A burnt tail piece of a airplane next to the water."]
["Sheep are standing on a platform with a dog behind them.", "many different species of sheep in display at a museum ", "The hound dog is on top of the fluffy sheep.", "Different styles of sheep are put on display.", "A bunch of goats standing on a podium"]
["A man standing next to an airplane on a runway.", "A man in a safety vest is standing in front of a large jet.", "A man standing on a runway in front of an airplane.", "A young man sits in front of a large airplane.", "An air traffic controller stands in front of a large plane."]
["A blue bench sitting under a clock mounted to a wall.", "A blue bench under a clock outside a white building.", "A round clock, mounted on an outdoor wall with three doorways, hovers over a black-and-blue bench.", "There is a blue bench outside the neutral colored building.", "A large clock on the wall of a building over a bench."]
["A distant shot of a beautiful looking boat area outside of two buildings. ", "A view of a river walk with boats in the water.", "A small boat is out on the river", "A boat floating down a river next to a blue bench covered shore line.", "Buildings near a river with several boats in it. "]
["A plan flying under a cloudy gray sky.", "a big plane flying through the blue sky ", "Large plane flys low above ocean waves and beach..", "A low flying plane over a pier and the ocean.", "an airplane with a red tail flying in a blue sky"]
["A car parked on the dirt, with a bunch of airplanes behind it.", "Cars parked on a dirt road near airplanes. ", "Multiple planes are lined up on a dirt lot.", "Many cars in a desert area with planes in the back. ", "An airplane museum in Arizona spread out against the mountains."]
["A group of giraffe standing next to each other", "Here is an image of an zoo animals.", "Two giraffes standing in the jungle lucking themselves", "A giraffe licks itself and stands next to another giraffe", "a couple of giraffes are standing near some trees"]
["This airplane is start to fly in the air.", "Planes from many countries land in this airport.", "An airplane is on the runway near grass and other airplanes.", "a bunch of planes parked on the runway\n", "A passenger jet setting off down a runway."]
["A Virgin Airlines plane and an American Airlines plane. ", "Two airplanes flying in the sky without much distance between them, one being a Virgin Airlines plane and the other is an American Airlines plane behind it.", "Two jet airliners of different colors flying in sky.", "Two airplanes are flying, one behind the other.", "two planes flying by in the sky in a line "]
["An airplane is landing on the runway at the airport.", "A very big commercial plane flying low near poles.", "Jet coming in for landing at large airport.", "there is a large plane about to land at the airport", "An airplane taking off from the airport. "]
["some cats laying on a dock with their chins laying over the end ", "there are two cats laying on a bench", "a couple of cats are laying on a bench", "Two cats are sleeping on a wood dock.", "Two cats are laying on a wooded  dock. "]
["Two dogs are wearing winter attire and staring off to the distance.", "Two dogs in a snow covered park. ", "Two dogs sit in the park on a cold day.", "Two dogs are covered in blankets and staring ahead.", "two dogs wearing jackets standing in a yard"]
["A plane that is flying high up in the air.", "An airplane flying through a blue cloudy sky.", "A passenger jet flying overhead on a mostly clear day.", "An airliner in flight against a blue sky.", "A white jet airliner flying in blue, cloudy sky. "]
["Airplanes on landing strips waiting to take off.", "A row of blue and white airplanes on runway next to another plane.", "A bunch of ANA jets in an airport in Japan.", "A row of blue and white jets sitting on top of a tarmac.", "there are many ana planes at the airport"]
["a park with flowers on a sunny day.", "A public park filled with green and red shrubs and table with benches.", "A very pretty park setting with benches and nice landscaping.", "A seating area at a park with benches and an umbrella for shade.", "A couple of benches and a table with a umbrella near flowers."]
["Several benches in a park area, with flowers and an umbrella above a table", "A concrete table with a red umbrella next to trees.", "Table with red umbrella in sitting area in park setting.", "A patio table with a red umbrella placed alongside flowers and plants.", "A concrete table and chairs under a red umbrella with pots of red flowers in a park."]
["Park full of trees with a table and umbrella in the middle.", "NICE SITTING AREA SURROUNDED BY TREES AND PLANTS", "The picnic tables sit amid a beautiful wooded area.", "A park like area with a lot of trees and some stone benches.", "a group of cement tables and benches and a big umbrella"]
["An overhead view of traffic in a metropolitan area.", "A street with a few cars and buses driving down it.", "a bus prepares to make a turn on the street", "This bus is making a turn at an intersection", "An old black and white picture of a bus making a hard left turn."]
["A little girl climbing up steps to touch a giraffe.", "A girl in a pink shirt and green shorts is on a set of stairs reaching her arm toward  three giraffes who are stretching over a fence.", "The giraffes crane their long necks towards the young girl, eager for their next meal.", "Girl climbing steps toward giraffes as they extend their neck toward her.", "A woman and girl near a fence with large birds."]
["THERE ARE SHEEPS THAT ARE EATING GRASS IN THE FIELD", "Individual sheep grazing in  a large open field.", "some sheep eating some grass next to a river", "many sheep on the ground feeding on the grass", "Sheep graze in the green pasture on a nice day."]
["a group of sheep are all outside in the soil together", "Llamas are standing on the slope of a hill.  ", "A herd of sheep on a hill in an impoverished community.", "his is a herd of sheep on the side of a mountain", "A herd of sheep walking along a dirt field."]
["A group of people riding on a bush.", "People sitting inside a bus driving on the road. ", "A bus traveling down the street, during the day.", "a bus with not that many passengers in it ", "there are many people that are sitting on this bus"]
["Many flowers are decorated outside of a building.", "The house out front has a large fountain. ", "The front of a multi story house with decorative landscaping.", "A well groomed garden with a fountain in front of a brick home.", "A tall brick building behind a tall water fountain."]
["A woman feeding a giraffe from her hand in a zoo.", "A woman is feeding a giraffe from her palm.", "a woman sticks her hand out to feed a giraffe ", "A woman holds her hand out to feed a giraffe.", "A lady is attempting to feed the giraffe. "]
["A group of people standing outside of a bus.", "A group of people are standing outside near a school bus.", "A mid-century school bus picking up students in a suburban neighborhood.", "Many people are approaching a us on the side of a road.", "a group of young boys getting on a parked bus"]
["A woman petting a giraffe that's leaning over a rail.", "A beautiful woman with nice breast feeding a giraffe.", "A very pretty lady touching a big cute giraffe.", "Two women and one is feeding a giraffe.", "A woman that is standing next to a giraffe."]
["a couple of different types of signs on the outside", "A series of road signs near an intersection.", "A traffic light sitting next to other signs near a bunch of trees.", "a couple of street signs that are by some bushes", "Several traffic signs in a row behind bushes."]
["some fog traffic lights street lights and buildings", "A couple of street lights sitting above a street.", "a foggy day that has some lights by a road", "a number of traffic lights with a sky background", "Stop lights in front of a very foggy city skyline."]
["People sit together on benches in a park. ", "People sitting on wooden benches in a city park.", "There are a man and a woman sitting on a bench together ", "People relax on a park bench outside office buildings", "Some people sitting on benches in a park. "]
["A white bus traveling down a road next to a car.", "A bus displaying the information \"89 Portola Plaza.\"", "A bus that is reading \"89 Portola Plaza\" is traveling on. ", "Bus 89 Portola Plaza route on a city street.", "A bus is parked in a parking lot. "]
["A group of men is standing on a sidewalk with buses nearby.", "Some big city buses near a big crowd of people.", "many people in a station waiting for the buses", "A group of people are all standing at the bus stop as a bus goes by.", "The people are standing on the bus stop waiting for their bus. "]
["three giraffes walking in a field with trees in the background", "There are three giraffes together in the wild", "Some animals that are around the grass together.", "The three giraffes walk together in the safari.", "Three giraffes are standing on the plains of Africa."]
["Four girls pose in front of a bus advertising The 1 Second Film.", "The girls are posing for a photo by the bus. ", "Four young ladies outside touring bus advertising the 1 second film.", "a group of girl standing in front of a bus", "a group of women pose in front of a truck "]
["A car is stopped for a red light at an intersection. ", "A taxi is seen stopped for a red traffic light", "The rear of a taxi that is stopped at a red light.", "A taxi stopped at an intersection with cars crossing by in the background.", "going to the event in a taxi cab."]
["Giraffe standing in the shade of a tall covering ", "A giraffe shades itself next to a pole at a zoo.", "A giraffe in an enclosed area eats from branches up high.", "Giraffes loves shade in all the tall places where they can find it.", "A giraffe standing on a stretch of sand at a zoo."]
["this is a giraffe running in  a pen", "A giraffe is walking near a fence at a zoo. ", "One giraffe walking outside in an enclosed area.", "One lone giraffe walking inside an eclosure at a zoo.", "We are looking at a single giraffe in a cage."]
["There are trees and benches randomly scattered about in the park, and a green slide as well.", "A green slide is in the park by a tree.", "a close up of a childrens slide with trees in the background", "A very green slide that is in the grass.", "A green slide in a city park during the day."]
["A red double decker bus driving down a city street.", "A red double decker bus on street next to a wall.", "A red double decker bus parked near a curb", "a double decked  red bus loaded with passengers", "A double deck red bus driving on a street."]
["A double decker bus parked on the street.", "The city bus has pulled over to let passengers off. ", "People standing next to a double decker bus.", "A huge double decker bus is reading to go sightseeing.", "The people are walking beside of the bus."]
["A red bus parked in front of a building.", "Buses are parked at a bus station in a downtown area.", "A close shot of a red \"Harrow H19\" bus. ", "A red bus bound for Harrow waiting at a curb. ", "A passenger bus pulls up to a bus station."]
["Two red buses, headed to the same place, are right next to each other on the road.", "Buses lined up on the street in traffic ", "there are many red busses coming down the street together", "The buses are lined up waiting for passengers.", "a couple of buses drive next to each other "]
