["Dozens of people watching a large colorful kite about to be flown", "a giant banner is being lifted in a field", "groups of people are watching a kite that's ready to fly", "A giant kite getting ready to fly with a crowd around it.", "A crowd of people outside reading a kite."]
["A large body of water with a small sailboat red and white mast", "A man kiteboarding over a body of water.", "man standing in water off shore flying a kite", "a person standing on the beach flying a huge kite", "Someone standing in the water in the ocean flying their kite"]
["A woman in a brown jacket holding a kite in a field.", "A lady doing something interesting with some kite in cold weather.", "The lady holds a small box kite on a string.", "A woman is holding a kite in a park.", "A woman holds bags and a kite that resembles two boxes."]
["Man holding a rainbow colored kite in front of people. ", "A man on the street is holding a colorful kite.", "People stand against a wall watching a man carry a large kite.", "A amn holding a rainbow kite on a corner", "The group is somewhat amazed at the size of the kite."]
["A man and a woman standing in a field flying kites.", "A person flying a kite on a lawn in the city. ", "People are flying their kites in the park.", "Lots of people are flying kites in a park.", "People in a park and a man trying to fly his kite."]
["A person lays on a bed and watches a computer.", "A girl using a laptop on her bed.", "A girl lays on her bed watching a video on a laptop.", "The girl is laying down watching a video on her laptop. ", "A young person laying on a bed using a computer"]
["A person flying a kite while standing on a beach pier.", "a person standing a on pier while playing with a kite", "A person standing on a pier flying a kite.", "The woman is flying the kite on the walkway next to the water. ", "A person standing on a dock near a beach flying a kite. "]
["A crowd of people on a beach flying kites.", "Lots of people flying kites on the beach.", "People are standing on a beach where kites are flying.", "A crowd gathers on a beach and flies kites.", "Many people are flying their kites at the beach."]
["A child flies a kite in an urban setting.", "A young boy flying a kite near the city", "A young boy watches a kite flying in the sky.", "A young boy looking up into the sky at a flying kite.", "A young boy who is looking at a kite in the sky."]
["A clock that is on a wooden wall.", "Two clocks, various tools, a thermos, and a bunch of cords.", "A white and brown clock on a wooden wall.", "The clock is being displayed to be viewed", "a clock that is hanging on a wall"]
["The teddy bear looks like it is going to drink the beer.", "A glass of beer and a stuffed teddy bear are on the table.", "A teddy bear next to a glass of beer. ", "The bear is sitting on the table with a cup.", "a glass of Guinness beer and a teddy bear on a table"]
["A person in a park holding a kite.", "A picture of a park and a man tangled up in a kite.", "A person is holdiing a kite in a field.", "Some people stand on the grass with kites. ", "some people playing in a park with a kite"]
["A group of people standing next to a wall with a kite bike.", "Someone is holding up a colorful kite in an open public area.", "A man selling kites at a monument wall", "many people standing with a person holding a kite", "A man selling kites outside of a wall on display with many people walking around."]
["A brown teddy bear sitting on top of a table in front of a white plate with a piece of pie.", "A stuffed bear sitting by a plate with a piece of pie", "Teddy bear on top of a table with blackberry pie in front of it. ", "a stuffed bear sitting in front of a slice of pie on white plate sitting on a table.", "an image of a slice of pie on a table next to a teddy bear"]
["Teddy bear and ornamental duck sitting on a wooden deck", "a teddy bear riding a fake duck on a railing", "A stuffed teddy bear gets a ride on the back of a wooden duck.", "A teddy bear sitting on a swan figurine.", "A stuffed teddy bear sitting on a duck ornament."]
["Two baseball teams playing a game of baseball near a church.", "A hitter looks back at the catcher as the ball is caught.", "A batter, catcher and umpire at home plate.", "A baseball player at home plate with a crowd of onlookers watching", "People watch a women's softball game from behind a chain link fence."]
["A baseball game with a hitter at home plate in a swinging motion and people in the stands above the dugout area.", "A player swings his bat during a baseball game.", "A baseball player holding a bat near home plate.", "The catcher, umpire, and batter watch the ball that is flying away. ", "a man holding up a baseball bat during a baseball game "]
["A baseball game in progress with a young player swinging the bat.", "Children playing organized baseball with a batter and catcher at home plate and fans watching behind a fenced area.", "a baseball player swinging a baseball bat at a game", "The boy swings the bat as he plays in the little league game.", "A kid swinging at a ball in baseball game."]
["A view of a baseball game on a baseball field.", "A bater gets ready to swing at a ball.", "a batter about to hit a ball at a baseball game", "With a full crowd in the stands, a batter is up to bat and an umpire stands behind him on a baseball field.", "A picture of a baseball game taken from behind home plate."]
["Some parents sitting behind a fence watching a baseball game", "Group of parents watching small children on a baseball field. ", "people sitting behind a fence watching a little league game", "Fans sit in camping chairs along a fence to watch a children's baseball game.", "A family sits behind the fence at a junior baseball game."]
["A man holds his bat during a baseball game.", "A little leaguer is swinging at a baseball. ", "The boy watches the ball as he gets ready to hit it.", "A group of people on a field playing baseball.", "Children playing baseball with batter and ball in air on field"]
["A father throwing a baseball to his child holding a bat.", "A man toss a ball to a little kid.", "A man teaching a small child to play baseball.", "A man is playing baseball with a toddler in the grass.", "A man kneeling in the grass pitches a ball at a small child swinging a bat"]
["A baseball player standing next to to home plate.", "a batter leaning a bit getting ready to hit a baseball", "A PICTURE OF A BASEBALL PLAYER PLAYING BASEBALL ", "A baseball player with a bat in his hands during the game. ", "A batter in a blue jersey and a catcher in a white uniform waiting for the pitch. "]
["Four boxes of pizza are opened on the table", "Four different pizzas spread out on a table. ", "Four boxes of pizza are opened  and eaten.", "Four boxes that have pizza on them in a row.", "A row of pizzas in boxes on a table."]
["Several people with several pizza posing for the camera. ", "A group of people that are looking at some pizzas.", "A group of girls getting pizza from a table", "a group of people and a table with four pizzas", "A group of people gather round and enjoy some pizza."]
["A couple of people on a court with tennis rackets.", "Some players in action on the tennis court.", "A couple of men are playing a tennis game together", "The two people are playing tennis on a multi purpose court.", "People playing a tennis match at an outdoor court."]
["A sexy young woman standing on a tennis court holding a tennis racquet.", "A tennis player lunges to hit the ball. ", "Woman sporting a braid while holding a tennis racket and focusing on the ball.", "a tennis player swinging a tennis racket ", "A tennis player is in a half split as she stretches to hit the ball."]
["Two men are playing tennis one of them is serving the ball.", "Tennis players on a dirt field have a crowd watching.", "Two men playing doubles tennis in front of a crowd.", "Professional men's doubles tennis tournament on a clay court", "Two young men holding tennis racquets on a tennis court."]
["A pizza with purple cabbage topping on a table next to white bowl.", "A cabbage and apple foccacia on a plate", "A cooked and cut  pizza topped with red onions.", "A pizza with cabbage and mushrooms is pictured.", "A side view of a pizza covered in onion"]
["A couple of people standing next to each other with food.", "A couple of people talking to each other in a crowd.", "A man and a woman standing side by side looking at each other. ", "a man is talking to a blonde haired woman", "TWO FRIENDS EXCHANGING LOOKS WHILE HAVING A MEAL"]
["Man in glasses swinging at a ball with a tennis racket. ", "A male tennis player returns a served ball.", "A man hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.", "A man is swinging at a ball on a tennis court.", "A man with glasses is playing tennis with racquet."]
["A brick oven with logs and a uncooked pizza next to it.", "There is a stone oven pizza near the fire place", "a big fireplace with logs burning in it", "A closeup of the inside of an oven with pizza in it", "A pizza is cooking in a wood-burning oven."]
["A person that is looking at some people.", "A male tennis player walks to the stands where fans are watching", "The tennis player poses for a photo for a fan in the crowd.", "A tennis player holding a racket looking up at the spectators.", "A tennis player is talking to the crowd at the Indianapolis Tennis Championships."]
["A tennis player with a racket at the court", "a man with a tennis racket in his hand", "Tennis player with hat and tennis racket waiting for ball.", "a man holding a racket  with both hands on a tennis court", "The tennis player holds his racquet with authority.", "The tennis player holds his racquet with a dominating attitude."]
["A tennis player is swinging to hit the ball.", "A man playing tennis on a tennis court during the day.", "man playing tennis on an outdoor tennis court", "A man hitting a tennis ball on a tennis court.", "A man hitting a tennis ball with a racquet on a court."]
["two people on a tennis court at night", "Well dressed man watching girl picking up tennis ball.", "Two men are playing tennis at night time.", "A pair of people standing on a tennis court at night.", "A man in suit and girl playing on a tennis court."]
["a close up of two cups on a table ", "Two coffee mugs sit with flower vase in the middle. ", "A single rose in vase, sits between twin stylized mugs", "a red rose is sitting next to a couple of mugs", "Two coffee mugs on a table next to a single rose in a vase. "]
["A computer on a desk is in a dimly lit room.", "A computer and iPod sitting on a desk. ", "A desk with a very bright computer screen on it.", "There's an apple monitor turned on with a iphone resting against it.", "A computer with a cell phone resting against the monitor."]
["A small computer screen opened in the room. ", "a hand holding a mini computer and a mouse", "A laptop sitting on a desk with someone touching the bottom of it.", "There is a hand holding a laptop next to a mouse.", "A computer mouse sitting next to a  laptop computer."]
["people in a store looking at old looking items on a table", "Three people view framed images and other items in a shop. ", "Two women and one man are browsing an antique store.", "Several people walk around tables to shop. ", "People are looking at tables full of stuff."]
["An open laptop computer sitting on a wooden desk.", "An open macbook laptop resting on a book. ", "A laptop computer is sitting on top of a book.", "A Macbook is placed on top of a book.", "A lap top computer seated on the table"]
["A cat sitting on top of a laptop computer.", "A small cat lays on the keyboard of a laptop.", "A cat is sitting comfortable on a laptop", "A person sits in front of a laptop and cats.", "a close up of a cat laying on a laptop"]
["A dark room with a laptop on and someone sitting ", "A hooded person sits in the dark next to a laptop.", "There is a person in the picture alone.\n\n", "The man is sitting in the light from a computer. ", "A man with a hood on, sitting in the dark, in front of a laptop computer."]
["A pick up truck filled with wood in it's flat bed.", "Truck with bed full of wood and a teddy bear.", "A beige truck with wood in the truck bed.", "There is a pickup truck with logs in its bed.", "a truck with a bed full of wood and a stuffed bear"]
["A man sits in a room and looks at two laptops ", "A man sitting on top of a large chair in front of two laptop computers.", "A bearded man with glasses on two computers.", "The man with a mustache and beard is using two laptops. ", "A man that is sitting down with two laptops in front of him."]
["A teddy bear is positioned to read a text book.", "A teddy bear sits in a chair with an open book.", "Teddy bear comically reading textbook on kitchen table.", "Teddy bear in a chair with a book opened up in front of it.", "A brown teddy bear sitting in front of an open book."]
["A woman opening up a laptop computer gift in her living room", "there is a woman sitting on a leather chair", "A woman looking at a new laptop. ", "A woman seated in a chair opening a gift.", "A woman plays with an object on a couch. "]
["A man standing on a  boat holding a knife.", "A man is working on his fishing line.", "A man on a boat preparing his fishing pole.", "A man is cutting his fishing line on the boat.", "FISHERMAN WITH A POLE HOLDING NEEDLE NOSE PLIERS"]
["A man holding his cell phone in front of him in his left hand.  ", "a close up of a person holding an older cell phone", "A man is holding up a flip phone in the city.", "A man holding a cell phone in the palm of his hand.", "A man wearing glass holding a cell phone."]
["There is a woman taking out fresh baked bread", "A woman reaching for a piece of bread in a oven.", "A woman pulls a loaf of bread from the oven.", "Woman smiles as she takes the bread out the oven.", "A woman reaches into the oven for her bread "]
["A large vase filled with white roses sitting on a table next to a mirror.", "White roses in a vase by a vanity table.", "A fake flower arrangement sits next to a desk.", "a flower vase kept on the table in a room.", "A bouquest of flowers in a white vase near a mirror.", "A mirror is hanging next to a vase of flowers."]
["A photo of some flowers in a ceramic vase.", "A picture of a vase of flowers on a shelf. ", "The small vase on the table is holding colorful flowers. ", "A brown vase full of colorful flowers in front of a mirror.", "A wooden vase with flowers in front of a mirror."]
["A nice ooking smart phon with a sticker on it", "a person holding up a cell phone ", "The person is holding their phone in their hand.", "A person displays the back of a smart phone in their hand.", "Someone holding a Samsung phone with an Apple sticker on it"]
["Man relaxes on couch with pillows, blanket, and his computer. ", "a laptop and a man holding a controller on a couch", "Resting on the couch with comforts close to hand.", "A man laying on a couch holding a remote and covered with a blanket.", "A man laying on a couch holding a remote."]
["A smart phone with an image of a person on it's screen.", "A stack of 3 computers and a cell phone.", "A stack containing three laptop computers and a smartphone.", "Three laptops stacked on top of each other, from largest to smallest with a cell phone on the top.", "a desk with three electronics stacked on each other"]
["A clock that is on the side of a building.", "a group of people walking by an overhead", "A brick structure with a clock tower on top of it.", "Many people are walking through a brick passageway ", "A brick structure with a clock on top "]
["A small room has a bed and desk with a laptop.", "A bedroom with a computer desk next to bed, and bookcase above head. ", "A bedroom with a laptop on a computer desk next to a bed", "A bedroom setup with overhead bookshelf and computer desk", "A bedroom with an almost empty bookshelf and desk"]
["A man talking on a phone standing in front of a building.", "The man is standing on the sidewalk, talking on his phone with a small umbrella. ", "A man leaning on a railing talking on a phone with an attached tiny umbrella.", "A man in white shirt on cellphone with a tiny umbrella extension.", "A man is holding a cellular phone against the rail. "]
["A small child is sitting on the couch playing with a phone.", "a little boy toddler sitting down down playing on a cellphone", "A small child looks at a cellphone on a coach", "a child sitting next to his parent, holding her iphone ", "A little child sitting on a couch next to a woman."]
["A kitchen with lots of metal appliances and a large metal table.", "A wall of commercial ovens in a large kitchen.", "A large room with several silver and glass cabinets. ", "An industrial kitchen full of ovens for cooking and baking. ", "Large industrial style kitchen space with prep table and refrigerators "]
["A woman bending over to get something hot out of the oven.", "A woman taking something out of a hot oven.", "A woman starts to remove something from the oven.", "A woman takes cooked food out of the oven.", "A woman wearing an oven mitt taking something out of an oven."]
["A pretty young lady talking on a phone.", "A woman stands outside and talks on a cellphone. ", "This woman is  a phone call while standing on a ciy street in broad daylight.", "A woman stands on the sidewalk using her cell phone.", "A woman on a phone is on the street"]
["Man wearing red coats sitting on grass using cellular phone.", "A woman in a grey picture wearing a red jacket.", "A woman wearing a red jacket sitting on the floor using a phone", "A woman is sitting outside on her phone", "A woman sits in the grass talking on her cell phone."]
["A person that is on his cell phone.", "a man smiling while talking on his phone", "The man is smiling at the camera as he talks on the phone.", "Smiling guy with short hair on cell phone.", "A man talking on a cell phone while sitting down."]
["a person has an orange cellphone and a laptop", "a person taking a photo  with their cell phone ", "A young person holding up a cell phone to a computer screen.", "Someone is looking at his laptop through the camera of his cell phone.", "person using cell phone to take picture of a computer screen"]
["A cell phone that is pointing at a shirt.", "A person holding a up a cell phone in front of a guy in a white shirt.", "A cellphone being used to read a qr code on a tee shirt.", "A person is holding a cellphone taking a selfie", "a hand holding a cellphone and another person in a white tshirt"]
["A woman rolling her luggage through an airport.", "A lady moving along an airport with some luggage.", "A large display of a hand holding a cell phone to tell the time.", "A sculpture sponsored by Samsung of a large hand holding a cellphone", "Flip phone statue in the middle of a large building."]
["A blond haired woman holding up a cell phone.", "The teenager is taking a picture of her male friend with her cell phone.", "A woman holding an open cell phone up in the air.", "A woman holding her phone up and pushing a button.", "A young woman holding up her phone to take pictures"]
["A man talking on a cell phone on a city street.", "A man on a cellphone on a lite up street", "A man talks on a mobile phone in front of trees decorated with lights.", "The man is talking on the phone in the streets covered with lights.", "A man on the street is talking on a cell phone."]
["A boy and an older woman sitting on a couch", "A man and woman sit on a couch looking at their cell phones", "The man and the woman sit on a couch using their cell phones. ", "A couple of people sitting on top of a couch.", "a man and a woman are sitting on an old couch, on their phones. "]
["A person laying on a pillow with a remote in their hand.", "A child sleeping while holding an unidentifiable object. ", "A small child asleep with a remote in her hand.", "A child lays down and takes a nap while holding a remote.", "A young person with long hair has fallen asleep with a remote."]
["A man sitting next to a woman while they both talk on cell phones.", "Two people stand next to each other holding cell phones.", "A couple dressed to be married are pretending to talk on cell phones. ", "A bride and groom on their cell phones. ", "A well dressed couple who are utilizing cell phones."]
["A moped police officer travels on a roadway.", "A policeman rides on a motorbike in the street.", "A policeman on a motorcycle driving through a village.", "A man with a \"police\" shirt rides a moped while on a phone.", "A man in a police uniform riding a motorcycle."]
["two old cell phones and a wooden table", "A person sitting at a table with electronics on top of it.", "A Blackberry, a Nokia, and a camera are laid out on a table.", "a calculator, a cell phone, and a camera sit on a table", "A table top with phones and a camera on it."]
["a bunch of cell phones sit inside of a display case ", "Lots of cell phones are on display on shelves.", "Man cell phones are on display in a store. ", "There is a display with many cell phones.", "A display with multiple flip phones in different colors. "]
["A group of people are all holding up there phones", "Four people showing off their cell phones to the camera.", "Four friends are holding the same model of cell phone.", "A group of people all showing off there phones .", "Four people are smiling and holding up smart phone devices."]
["A close-up of a microwave and a street cone on the driveway.", "A white microwave in front of a cone.", "A microwave and a cone on asphalt by bushes.", "A small microwave oven sits near a caution cone.", "Orange cone and microwave sitting at the curb."]
["A group of three microwaves sitting on a counter top.", "Three microwave ovens placed next to each other on a countertop.", "Three microwave ovens in a row with two trivets and a bowl.", "THREE DIFFERENT TYPES OF MICROWAVES WITH TURNTABLES ON TOP", "There are three microwaves standing in a line."]
["A few people at a store near a clock tower.", "An open market is set beside a clock tower.", "A large tower like structure with a clock.", "A clock tower stands tall while people walk by a clothing vendor. ", "Couple walking past outdoor display racks of assorted clothing."]
["a close up of a refrigerator next to another one ", "A stainless steel fridge with an ice maker on it.", "A silver refrigerator on display inside a store.", "Silver refrigerators stand next to a store display.", "Two stainless steel refrigerators that are in a store."]
["A man appears to be making something in his kitchen. ", "a person in the kitchen using a mixer in a cup", "A woman near a messy kitchen counter holds a hand blender into a green drink.", "A picture of a person cooking some food.", "a man using a hand blender in a kitchen"]
["A glass and vase sit on a table overlooking the ocean.", "a glass of beer sitting on a table next to a vase ", "Flowers inside a glass vase beside a beverage on a table.", "A glass of beer is sitting next to a vase full of flowers.", "a table that has a vase with a flower in it"]
["A knitted stuffed animal face down on a magazine.", "a stuffed animal lying on the open page of a magazine.", "a little teddy bear lying on a magazine ", "A pink knitted bear laying on an open book.", "A knitted fabric article laying on top of a magazine."]
["A man who is using a hair dryer to dry his hair.", "A shirtless ginger blow-dries his hair in the bathroom.  ", "a man is blow drying his hair in the bathroom", "This young man is blowing his hair dry", "A man dries his hair in the bathroom."]
["The small boy is holding a hair brush.", "a kid holding a comb standing in a room", "A young boy holding a brush standing on top of a floor.", "A young boy playing with a black and red hairbrush.", "barefoot little boy holding a hairbrush in his hand"]
["A woman sitting at the end of a table with a plate of food.", "The two plates of sandwiches are on a table in a restaurant. ", "Close up of a plate holding a fruit salad and a sandwich.", "A plate of food with a sandwich and fruit.", "A plate of food is pictured on a table, with another person sitting opposite."]
["A large brick building with a clock at the top.", "A large building with a clock tower on top.", "A large clock tower towering over a city.", "A photograph of a ancient building with a clock on its tower.", "A slim tall building is equipped with a clock tower."]
["A large clock on top of the face of a building with statue adorned on top of it.", "A picture of the entrance at the Grand Central Station Terminal.", "A statue sits above a clock on a train station entrance.", "The art figures and clock on top of the Grand Central Terminal.", "A shot of the top of the entrance to Grand Central Station"]
["A picture of a teddy bear on a stone.", "A mile marker fashioned like a headstone has a teddy bear perched upon it.", "A stuffed teddy bear sitting on top of a stone pillar. ", "a teddy hear sitting on top of a sign", "A tombstone with a teddy bear on top of it."]
["A woman with her head lowered cuddling a stuffed animal.", "A man in red shirt holding a teddy bear next to a wall.", "Emotional person hugging a stuffed bear while sitting in a plain room.", "A man looking downward holding a teddy bear.", "An adult man hugs a stuffed teddy bear."]
["A clock with the word \"Frisco\" written on top. ", "A pole with a clock on top on a sidewalk", "A Frisco clock that currently reads 2:25. ", "A large face clock on a post on the street.", "A clock on a street post with a name above it.  "]
["A tall white clock tower inside of a tall building.", "Steeple and clock of on the face of a building.", "A black and white photo of a building with a clock on it.", "A decorated building with a clock within a dome near the top.", "Large marble looking building with a steeple top."]
["An old brick building with a clock tower.", "An old church with a clock tower is pictured.", "A stone church with a bell tower during the day.", "A building made of brown stone with a clock tower", "The corner of a church made of stone with a clocktower and a black gate."]
["A clock tower is in the middle of some grass.", "A tall clock in the middle of an apartment complex", "A clock tower sitting in a field with green grass.", "Clock tower sitting in an open park area in front of a building. ", "A clock tower in the middle of a small gated area."]
["A vase of floral decorations sits in front of a tin and a picture on the wall.", "A very unique looking flower vase with fake flowers. ", "a colorful vase with colorful plants inside of it", "The vase holds a flower arrangement in front of a picture on the wall.", "A set of werid flowers in a vase."]
["A colorful vase sitting on top of a table next to a picture on a wall.", "A flower arrangement matches a colorful vase placed on a side table.", "oriental setting with a orange case and red candle on a stand ", "A multi colored vase on a table with dried flowers.", "Decorative objects on a counter in front of a framed picture."]
["A floral arrangement with flowering twigs in an orange vase.", "a large orange vase sitting on an end table", "A vase has flowers and a candle sitting next to it on the table.", "A table featuring an ornamental vase with flowers.", "a large vase on a table with flowers in it"]
["A wooden alter displaying a potted plant and some candles.", "A beautiful houseplant sitting on a table on a purple cloth.", "An altar with purple cloth, vase and two candles.", "a vase with a pretty green plant and two candles", "The large plant is between two tall candles."]
["Trees sitting gin vases next to a marble wall.", "Several tall young plants of the same height with yellow flowers.", "There are several plants in clear, glass vases.", "A display of yellow flowers in several long glass vases on the wall", "A row of plants with a circular vase around each."]
["A vase on a table next to two candles.", "wooden table with tree different vase and candies picture frame ", "A vase and two candles sitting on top of a table.", "A picture of a room with a table that has a vase and candles on it. ", "A vase with straw flowers sitting on a table along with two candles."]
["A very big pretty green vase with some flowers.", "A dying and wilting plant in a vase with a photo", "a vase with some dead vegetation inside of it ", "a table with a vase with many flowers", "A beautiful vase full of flowers and pictures next to it. "]
["A vase with flowers that is standing on a stand.", "A vase with sunflowers sits on a pedestal.  ", "an orange vase on a white stand with some yellow sunflowers", "A gold vase with sunflowers in it sitting on a white post.", "A vase that has some sunflowers placed in it."]
["A young girl cutting paper into tiny pieces.", "A close up of a little girl cutting paper with scissors.", "A girl cutting yellow paper into small pieces with scissors.", "A girl with a pair of scissors cutting into paper.", "A little girl uses scissors to cutup bits of yellow paper."]
["A little girl sitting at a table cutting a piece of paper with scissors.", "a little girl doing some arts and crafts", "a small child sitting at a table cutting paper with scissors", "A young girl sitting at a table making something with construction paper, scissors, and crayons.", "A little girl cutting paper sitting at a wooden table."]
["Scissors ready to cut a sheet of paper.", "there are a pair of scissors about to cut paper", "A person cutting a piece of paper with scissors.", "A person using scissors to cut a piece of paper.", "someone is cutting open an envelope with scissors "]
["A woman holding a pair of clear plastic scissors to her face.", "A person in glasses holding large transparent scissors.", "A double exposure picture  with a pair of scissor and a man face.", "A person with glasses holding scissors in front of them.", "Redheaded man looking at transparent scissors near waterfront."]
["A woman is cutting a sheet with scissors.", "A person standing over a table cutting with scissors.", "In a workroom with bare plywood cabinets, a woman uses a scissor on a white cloth.", "A woman standing at a table cutting white fabric with scissors.", "A woman cutting a piece of fabric with some scissors."]
["a close up of a stuffed animal near car pedals ", "a tan teddy bear and a gas and brake pad", "A stuffed bear sits on the floorboard of a vehicle. ", "A teddy bear positioned to look as though he is pushing the gas pedal in a vehicle. ", "A very cute stuffed animal with its foot on a gas pedal."]
["A young boy is eating a meal in his pajamas.", "A boy stands in front of his bowl of food. ", "A little boy and some food in a bowl on the table.", "Little boy in pajamas starting to eat his breakfast.", "A small boy in pajamas has some cereal."]
["A baby girl in a high chair eating a bowl of cereal.", "A person feeding a little girl cereal who is sitting in a high chair.", "A little girl in a high chair eating cheerios and milk", "A small child is eating cereal in a highchair.", "a toddler sitting in a high chair being fed breakfast"]
["A young girl is eating her meal with other plates of food present. ", "a small girl sitting at a table with food and drinks", "A girl sitting at a table eating from a plate of food.", "A pile of fried foods sitting on top of  a plate", "A kid at a long table with some food."]
["A spread of seafood on a large plate with bread on the side.", "A feast of shrimp with wine sits on the table. ", "A plate of shrimp and bread with glasses of wine on a table.", "A plate of steamed shrimp, slice of bread and a lemon wedge.", "A person sitting at a table with a plate of shrimp and bread, some cutlery, salt and pepper containers and some glasses of wine"]
["a person at a table with many glasses of wine ", "A woman sitting at a table with wine glasses ", "A man sitting behind a group of different wines ready to taste them. ", "The man has five wine glasses on the table in front of him.", "A man sitting at a table with wine glasses in front of him."]
["A woman's hand holding a glass of wine.", "A person holds up a champagne glass to make a toast.", "This person is holding a whine glass with a drink in it.", "A woman holding up a glass of liquid.", "A person holds up their champagne glass for a toast."]
["A group of motorcycles parked in front of a building.", "a couple of people stand next to some parked motorcycles ", "A busy street with cars parked down one side and motorcycles parked on the other.", "Adults standing next to busy roadway in urban area at night.", "A row of motorcycles parked on the side of a busy street."]
["a couple on a subway looks at each other", "A boy puts his arm around a girl on the subway.", "Two people sit closely on a subway train.", "a male and female are sitting together on a train", "A man and a woman sitting on a subway train."]
["A group of people with a cell phone the side of a building.", "some people are standing behind a pole in line", "A group of people standing next to each other.", "A bunch of people waiting in line by a rail.", "Group of people standing against wall waiting in line."]
["A kitchen area with a refrigerator, dishwasher and cabinets.", "A refrigerator is shown with papers on it.", "A refrigerator covered with pictures and papers in a kitchen.", "The refrigerator is covered in papers with magnets.", "A white refrigerator freezer sitting in a kitchen."]
["A woman with a tie and a bag on the street.", "A woman standing on the sidewalk with a huge, colorful tie on. ", "Girl standing on street with large pink flower tie on", "A woman that has a large pink tie standing on a sidewalk.", "a woman with a tie on standing on a side walk "]
["A kitchen with tile back splash and stainless steel appliances.", "A kitchen has white cabinets and stainless steel appliances.", "A small kitchen is shown with a stove, dishwasher and sink.", "Kitchen area with modern appliances and plenty of cabinets.", "A kitchen with a microwave, stove, oven, dishwasher and sink."]
["The young kids are playing Frisbee in the field. ", "A couple of kids jumping for a Frisbee that's in the air.", "Two children attempting to catch a frisbeen on a stretch of grass.", "A couple of kids playing with a Frisbee.", "two people in a field jumping to try to catch a frisbee"]
["A woman is sitting on a bench with a dog behind her.", "Someone sitting on a bench while a dog sits behind the bench ", "A person sitting on a bench next to a dog.", "A dog is laying behind a bench with a person sitting on it. ", "An old lady in a fur-lined coat sitting on a wooden bench with a fuzzy dog sitting behind the bench. "]
["There is a table with chairs and a stove in the room. ", "A table sitting in a kitchen surrounded by white chairs.", "a brightly lit kitchen with the stove, cabinets, and kitchen table", "The kitchen is clean and ready to be used.", "The view of a kitchen from across the room."]
["A small kitchen cluttered with a variety of kitchen items.", "a kitchen with a stove a refrigerator and some cupbords", "A child's play kitchen right next to a real kitchen.", "A kitchen with white tile floor and blue sloped ceiling.", "A small kitchen area features a stove and cupboards."]
[" A tall woman is standing in a small kitchen", "A girl is standing in a kitchen with a mug in her hands.", "Woman in knitted jump pants and yellow sleeveless top, in kitchen scene with matching yellow tone area.", "a woman standing in a kitchen near a refrigerator and a stove", "A woman with pigtails is standing in a kitchen."]
["A break room has a table, phone, lamp, sink and other appliances.", "A nice clean looking kitchen with wood fronts and a black dishwasher. ", "a small break room with a floor lamp", "A small office kitchen has a basket on the table.", "a room with a kitchen set up and a calendar on the wall"]
["A small kitchen has a stove and a blender.", "a kitchen with a stove and a sink and plates", "A kitchen with drawers, a stove and a sink.", "A very small kitchen in an attic with a sink  ", "An apartment kitchen tucked in under a stairway."]
["a open kitchen with white color and wood", "A kitchen with a refrigerator, microwave, counter and chairs.", "A kitchen that has an island in the middle.", "this kitchen has all white walls and ceilings and a brown and white island", "A clean, organized kitchen filled with kitchen furniture and accessories."]
["A boat sitting out on an island surrounded by water.", "A boat out in the clear ocean where you can see the bottom.", "A house boat sits in the ocean with people onboard.", "A house boat is on clear blue water.", "A boat sailing in the middle of the open ocean."]
["A kitchen countertop is cluttered with various kitchen items.", "On a kitchen counter top, a knife rests on an empty cutting board.", "Dirty kitchen utensils and a stove together with fruit.", "a place with cheese and forks and fruits", "a knife a cutting board some bananas and a toaster"]
["The front of a Chinese postal store with people walking by.", "a green yellow and white truck and some people on a street", "People going about their day on a street in the Chinese district.", "A large green transport truck parked in front of a store.", "A man walking down the street carrying boxes on a hand truck while several others pass through the street. "]
["a bike chained to a metal pole on the sidewalk", "A bike parked on a lamppost in a downtown square.", "a bike is chained to a lamp post outside", "A bicycle can be seen parked next to a light pole.", "A bicycle is parked near a pole on a cobblestone street."]
["A man on a bike near people on a bench", "A nice park setting area with bikers and others around.", "a man on a bike rides by some other people", "a person riding a bike on a grass field", "A group of people standing around and riding bikes."]
["A woman sitting on top of a red bench next to a man on a bike.", "A kid is riding a bicycle near a mannequin on a bench. ", "A guy with a helmet and dark glasses on a bike.", "A boy rides a bicycle down a street as a statue of a woman sits on a red bench.", "A boy is on a bicycle next to a red bench."]
["A woman in red shirt standing in bathroom with sinks and a television.", "Black television sitting on the corner of a bathroom wall. ", "A woman photographing a television located in a swank bathroom.", "A woman stnind in a bathroom with a tv in the top corner.", "A bathroom with a television mounted in the corner."]
["A bicycle sitting beside a black door and steps.", "A bike stands outside an apartment building with two cats at the window.", "A bicycle is parked outside a window that has two cats in it.", "A bicycle leaning against a white window with two cats in it.", "A bike parked up next to a building"]
["A cat sitting outside on some cobble stone.", "Cat staring at something while sitting on porch.  ", "A cat looking to its left while sitting on a sidewalk.", "A tan cat sitting on a stone patio", "a cat standing around on some bricks outside."]
["An adorable caleco cat sitting underneath a bicycle.", "A cat on a red sheet is right under a bicycle wheel.", "A multi-colored cat peers from a blanket between the wheels of a bicycle.", "A cat sits behind a bicycle tire and peddles.", "A cat sitting under a bicycle with a red blanket in the background."]
["A clean bathroom with black marble counter top.", "A bathroom with a large walk in shower and sink.", "A bathroom with mirrored doors and a large mirror.", "A clean bathroom with mirrored shower and marble sink.", "a bathroom with a large mirror a smaller mirror and a sink"]
["A bike parked in front of a doorway.", "A bicycle that is stored in someone's closet in the apartment. ", "A bicycle is placed behind an open door.", "A bicycle leaned against the hallway wall in a house", "A yellow bike sits on a wall in the hallway."]
["A small black cat sitting on the ground.", "A small clack cat sitting in  a white bathtub", "The top of a black cat sitting down. ", "A black cat sits in a cream tub.", "a black cat sitting in a white bathtube looking down"]
["A bathroom is shown with a toilet, sink, and shower.", "A wash basin and toilet beside a shower stall in a tiled bathroom.", "a bathroom with a large mirror and a small counter ", "a bathroom with a sink sitting under a big mirror ", "This bathroom has a sink and a shower"]
["A cat sitting on the edge of a tub with the faucet running.", "A cat watching a bathtub fill up with water.", "A black cat sitting on ledge of bathtub next to flowing water.", "A cat watches a tub filling up with water.", "a black cat is sitting by a faucet of running water in a tub"]
["a couple of cats sit in front of a tub full of water ", "Two cats curiously look at water in the bath tub.", "A couple cats examine a bathtub with water in it.", "Two cats in a bathroom near a tub of water.", "two black cats standing one taking water from a bath tub"]
["A couple of white sinks and a mirror in a room.", "Two sinks sitting under a bathroom mirror under lights.", "there is a long counter with two sinks in it", "There are two sinks in a long bathroom countertop. ", "A bathroom with a long fancy black counter next to a big long mirror. "]
["This bathroom has a sleek counter top that wraps around the toilet.", "A bathroom with a vessel sink sitting on the counter and a toilet.", "a bathroom with a bowl sink and toilet paper.", "There is a toilet with a roll of tissue on the lid and an brown base.", "A bathroom with a toilet, stand alone sink and a mirror."]
["A small bathroom with a stainless steel sink", "A small yellow bathroom with two multitcolored towels.", "A bathroom with a metal sink and an odd shaped toilet.", "A bathroom with a push button on top of the toilet to flush.", "A bathroom that is clean and has the light on."]
["a light brown bathroom with drawers sink and toilet", "A beige bathroom stall with a sink and a toilet also a urinal.", "A small but very neatly set up bathroom.", "A very unique bathroom that is very clean.", "A modern bathroom with toilet, bidet and wash basin"]
["A couple of toilets sitting in a  bathroom.", "The corner of a bathroom with colorful tile floors and a very low sink.", "there is a white toilet and a white urinal in this bathroom", "The colorful tile is underneath the toilet and sink.", "A bathroom with colorful floor tiles, a toilet, and a sink. "]
["A bathroom sink sitting under a mirror sitting next to a toilet.", "a sink sitting next to a toilet and mirror ", "A bathroom with mint green walls and a white toilet. ", "A bathroom showing sink, mirror and toilet ", "A small bathroom has a mirror, vanity and toilet"]
["A woman standing in front of a bathroom mirror.", "A person in a mirror by a sink with a camera.", "A woman takes a photo of herself in a small yellow bathroom.", "a girl that is taking a picture of herself ", "a woman taking a selfie in front of a bathroom mirror"]
["The man is walking with a bicycle covered with small green bananas. ", "A man walking a bike with piles of green bananas on it.", "A man pushes a bicycle filled with many bananas.", "A person pushing a bicycle that is loaded with bananas. ", "A man carrying a load of bananas through the marketplace on his bike."]
["A small bathroom with focus on the shower curtain.", "A bathroom with a shower and a white sink.", "A bathroom with carpet and light coming from a window behind the curtain.", "A bathroom with green walls and shower curtain.", "A green bathroom with a leaf shower curtain."]
["A bicycle sits parked in front of a bookstore.", "A bike parked in front of a book shelf.", "Bike leaned against a wall of books inside and establishment.", "a bike that is leaning up against a book rack", "A bicycle leaned against an outdoor magazine stand."]
["A white toilet sitting next to a white bath tub.", "A bathroom with tile floor and white fixtures", "A white bathroom with a checked tile floor.", "A white and black bathroom with tub and toilet.", "A bathroom has a black and white tile floor and a dirty tub."]
["A bathroom with a toilet and a bathtub with a safety rail.", "Tiled and curtained bathtub area of home bathroom.", "A bathroom is accented in pink and has a handicap bar in the tub.", "a a bathroom with a bath tub a toilet and a window", "Light shines into a bathroom with a tub and toilet."]
["A blue and white bus with two bicycles and people by it.", "Several people board a bus carrying bikes on the front of it", "A bus stopped at a bus stop with a bike on the front of it.", "A commuter bus in Miami with bicycles on its front rack", "People board the blue bus with the two bicycles on the front."]
["A restroom view of a toilet, sink, and shower curtain.", "A stand that is on top of a toilet.", "a bath room with a toilet and a sink ", "A white toilet sitting next to a white sink.", "A rack of various bath items and decorations in a bathroom."]
["A small bathroom is decorated in pretty colors.", "A bathroom with a shower curtain, toilet and a sink. ", "A white bathroom with sink, vanity, toilet and a blue circle shower curtain enclosing the tub.", "a bathroom with a toiilet sink and a shower", "A bathroom that has a polka dot shower curtain in it."]
["A photograph of street sign and traffic light.", "A black traffic light on a white street post", "A sign on a busy city street pole", "A street light has a street sign at the top of its pole.", "A busy intersection with many cars, a street sign and traffic light"]
["A series of photographs depicting bathroom before and after minor changes.", "There's not much room in these tiny bathrooms.", "A before and after shot of a bathroom including a toilet seat cover change.", "A split-screen, showing the same bathroom with sink and toilet, with different toilet seats.", "A pair of white bathroom sinks with matching vanity mirrors."]
["this bathroom is big and has a jacuzzi tub made of wood", "A all wooden bathroom with the windows open .", "A bath tub sitting in a bathroom on top of a hard wood floor.", "Bathroom with wood and tub with window and floor", "This bathroom has a wood floor, wood surfaces, and a large window. "]
["A stop sign that looks likes it made of crinkled paper.", "a close up of a vandalized stop sign ", " An old stop sign with cracked paint on a street corner", "A car parked by a stop sign with cracked paint.", "a stop sign with the red color looking all cracked "]
["A bathroom sink with a toothbrush, soap dispenser and mirror.", "Two towel holders that are above a sink.", "The bathroom sink below the cabinet has two toothbrushes on it.", "a sink sits in front of a tiled wall ", "A sink with a mirror above it has a bottle of soap and toothbrushes on it. "]
["A car is parked next to an old fashioned parking meter.", "A white car near a green and yellow parking meter.", "A small white truck is parked next to a parking meter", "A white truck parked next to a green and yellow parking meter.", "A white car sits near a green parking meter."]
["A cat climbing into a bathroom sink looking at someone", "A cat looks up as it stands in the bathroom sink.", "A large cat stands inside of a clean bathroom sink.", "Cat is caught stepping in to the bathroom sink", "a cute kitty cat in the sink of a bathroom near a brush and other items"]
["THERE IS AN ADULT CAT THAT IS LYING DOWN IN THE SINK ", "A cat laying inside of a white sink under a faucet.", "a cat lounging in a bathroom sink looking at the photographer", "there is a cat that is laying in the sink", "The white and orange cat is laying inside of a bathroom sink."]
["A cat watching water go down a sink drain", "A cat standing in a sink next to a drain.", "A young cat is staring intently down a drain.", "A grey and white cat watching water drain from a sink.", "a close up of a cat with watching water drain down a sink"]
["A Ford Mustang next to a brown horse.", "A mustang car and horse who the car is named after", "A horse is standing near a parked vintage car.", "An old mustang with chrome rims parked next to  brown horse on a  field.", "An old Ford Mustang parked near a field with horses."]
["A mounted police officer riding down a city street past parked cars.", "A gentleman riding a horse down a city street.", "A man rides a horse down a city street.", "Man riding white horse in the street while others watch.", "A man on a horse walking down the middle of a street."]
["A giraffe sticking it's head in a van.", "A giraffe lowers its head to look inside a car window.", "The giraffe is looking into the back window of a car. ", "A giraffe is sticking its head into the window of a van. ", "A giraffe that is standing next to a car."]
["A young boy kneeling beside a toilet in rubber gloves.", "a little kid cleaning a toilet with gloves on", "a small child in the bathroom cleaning a toilet", "A child wears rubber gloves while cleaning a toilet bowl.", "The boy with the purple gloves is playing around the toilet."]
["there is a white toilet and tile floors in the bathroom ", "a very clean toilet with black and white tiles ", "An open white toilet against a wall of white tiles and a black and white floor.", "a white toilet in a bathroom with a checkers floor", "A white toilet that has its seat up."]
["A metallic toilet sitting in a metallic stall.", "A view of a metal airplane toilet with seat raised.", "A stainless steel toilet with the sat up", "The toilet lid and cover are not down. ", "A metal toilet is shown with the lid open."]
["A bathroom door is opened by a toilet.", "A picture of a toilet with the door cracked open", "a small bathroom with some kind of little toliet in it", "A small bathroom with the door half open leading to a toilet.", "A white toilet in a houses small bathroom"]
["A white toilet in a bathroom with a digital arm rest.", "a toilet with a raised seats and controls on a side arm.", "White modern commode displayed in small bathroom area.", "A white electric toilet in a small room.", "A white toilet that has some controls next to it."]
["A toilet setting in a bathroom with tile flooring.", "A white toilet in a very small bathroom.", "A white toilet in a room with baseboard heaters.  ", "A white toilet is very close to a beige wall.", "There is a small white toilet in the corner"]
["A large tower that has a weather vain at the top.", "A large tall building with a small bird flying over the top.", "There is a bird flying up around the weather vane on this building", "A close shot of a very large building. ", "An ornate tower in a Gothic or Gothic Revival style of architecture."]
["A person stopped wearing a yellow jacket riding a motorcycle.", "female biker sits in traffic awaiting green light", "a lady sitting on a motor cycle next to a white car", "A girl stopped at a red light on a motorcycle.", "a person riding a motorcycle on a city street"]
["A woman standing next to a red scooter near a shelf.", "Two people standing in front of a display of mopeds.", "Two people pose for a picture while one points at a moped.", "two people standing in front of a row of motorcycles in a store", "two people standing next to a scooter on display"]
["A white bowl of bananas and sour cream sits on a white plate next to a banana half in the peel.", "The bowl of dessert has a banana half near it.", "A bowl on a plate with a spoon and half a banana.", "A plate with a bowl of food and a half banana on it.", "A white plate topped with a bowl of pudding next to a banana."]
["A group of bikers assembles outside of a pizza shop.", "this is an image of several motorcyclists and walkers in the city.", "A group of people gather around on a sidewalk", "People and bikers on the side of city street with many motorcycles parked at the curb.", "A crowd of people mingling on a sidewalk by parked motorcycles. "]
["A person that is driving on the street.", "THERE IS A MNA RIDING A MOTORCYCLE DOWN THE STREET", "a close up of a person riding a motorcycle on a long empty road", "A photo taken from the back of a motorcycle cruising down the road.", "A motorcyclist surveys the sunlit road into the horizon."]
["a person sitting on a bike near many other parked bikes ", "A group of men riding on the backs of motorcycles.", "Three motorcycles parked next to each other with two men on one. ", "Two men on motorcycles in front of building.", "Three men admiring motorcycles in a sidewalk exhibit."]
["This is an open box containing four cucumbers.", "An open food container box with four unknown food items.", "A small box filled with four green vegetables. ", "An opened box of four chocolate bananas. ", "An open box contains an unknown, purple object"]
["A keyboard and mouse along with other items on the desk ", "A white computer mouse is sitting next to a keyboard.", "A computer mouse, keyboard and various office items on a desk.", "A keyboard, a mouse, some pens and a mug on a desk.", "A computer keyboard sitting next to a mouse."]
["A wooden bathroom with a wooden toilet next to a window.", "There is a wooden bench in a wooden room with a window. ", "A wooden outhouse has a pretty white window.", "An outhouse is shown with a toilet and window.", "A wooden bench in a room made of wood with a white, painted window."]
["A group of bikers sitting out in front of a store near a street.", "Street view of a group of bikers and their motorcycles.", "Several motorcycles parked on a street near a restaurant. ", "A group of motorcycles and a crowd of people on a small town street.", "A group of motorcycles and people are parked out on the street in front of a pizza restaurant."]
["Two young men are looking at a computer screen. ", "The two men sit at the table of the conference room at a laptop.", "Two men are at a large desk with a computer.", "Two men at a conference table with a laptop computer and speaker phone in front of them.", "Two people look at a computer screen together."]
["mopeds parked in a parking garage with a green floor.", "A couple of motor bikes parked on top of a green surface.", "A lot of scooters parked indoors on a green floor. ", "A parking garage, with a green painted floor, full of scooters", "Scooters parked in numbered parking spots in the garage"]
["a very used and dirty harley davidson motorcycle", "A mud covered motor cycle parked by some stairs", "A motorcycle is by some brown brick steps.", "Large black motorcycle parked near a set of brick stairs. ", "A parked motorcycle in front of a brick stair case."]
["Bright room with a couch and various different dressers.", "A room filled with furniture with hard wood floors.", "A couch, a mirror and some cabinets in an open room.", "A couch and mirror in a small room.", "A living room has a couch, decorations, and some tables."]
["The black and white silhouette of a motorcycle near water", "a motor bike sits parked on a rocky hill ", "The motor cycle is setting on the hill over looking the water.", "A motorcycle parked on the grass near water.", "A lone motorcycle parked along side a ridge top with the sun coming up behind it."]
["Three people on a motorcycle in the middle of a city.", "The man is holding a child on the back of the motorcycle. ", "Three people sit on a small red motorcycle.", "a couple of people are riding on a motorcycle", "Two people riding on the back of a red motorcycle and city. "]
["A bedroom with a bed next to a closet.", "a red desk chair in a small room", "A bedroom with cloths hanging up on the back of a door and wall.", "A view of a small room that has a bed desk and chair in it.", "A bunch of jackets hanging on the all in a room."]
["A person is looking in the mirror of a motor bike", "A woman looks into the mirror of her motorcycle", "A young woman taking a photo of herself in the side mirror of a motorcycle parked by an outdoor market. ", "a close up of a person in the reflection of a mirror", "a girl looking in a mirror holding a camera"]
["A large number of people riding motorcycles down the road.", "A lot of motorcycles and riders in formation riding down the street.", "A group of motorcycle riders going through the street. ", "Large number of motorcycles riding down a city street.", "A large group of motorcyclists are driving down a wide road."]
["Group of motorcycle riders looking over traffic on the street", "Several people wearing jackets with foreign writing and motorcycle helmets.", "A bang of bikers sitting on the side of a road.", "A small group of motorcyclists stand next to a motorcycle. ", "The police officers are standing on the side of the road."]
["A empty living room with hard wood flooring.", "A stove is in a kitchen next to an empty room. ", "The hallway has dark hard wood for floors", "A room with a wooden floor and no furniture in view leads into a hallway that is painted yellow and features a white stove.", "Small kitchen with white appliances and white cabinets. "]
["The computer desk has a small pad of notes, and an mp3 player on it.", "A computer monitor sitting on top of a desk.", "A computer monitor sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "A desk holds a computer, speakers, and sticky notes.", "a computer that is on a wooden desk"]
["A man watching a single engine plane make an approach to land.", "A small plane lowers its landing gear and readies itself to land.", "A man watching a plane in the air. ", "A man who is looking at an airplane that is flying.", "Man watching a light aircraft coming in to land"]
["a couple of planes are out on a runway", "A large jetliner sitting on top of an airport runway as the sun rises.", "two jets and a bus and an airports runway", "To planes parked on a landing strip & blue skies.", "A couple of planes getting ready to take off on a runway."]
["Lufthansa has been a recognizable airline for many years.", "A plane going down a runway right before sunset.", "An airplane riding on a runway in front of an airport.", "The plane is parked in the runway of the airport. ", "A plain waits on the tarmac at dawn or dusk. "]
["A large jet flying through a cloudy sky.", "Some barbed wire up close and an airplane taking off.", "A airplane flies into the clouds with a barbed wire fence in the foreground.", "An airplane is shown taking off into the sky.", "a plane flying high in the sky on a cloudy day"]
["Two men watch as yellow aircraft flies over a lake.", "Two men in black jackets near water and a yellow plane.", "Two men watching a remove controlled air plane fly over a body of water.", "Two guys looking at a remote control plane flying over some water.", "Two people stand at the edge of a body of water looking at a plane."]
["a couple of big buildings that are next to each other", "A city street lined with lots of tall buildings.", "A view of a city corner, from the ground.", "A city street is lined with tall buildings on either side.", "A green traffic light at night on a busy city street."]
["A giraffe looks out over a tall fence with trees in the background.", "A giraffe looks up over an outdoor fence.", "A giraffe standing in the shade looking down at something. ", "A big giraffe is looking over a big gate.", "A very cute giraffe by a metal fence."]
["A pair of stuffed animals sitting on a bench in front of lake Michigan.", "Two stuffed animals are sitting on the park bench", "A couple of stuffed animals on a bench by a walkway.", "Two stuffed animals are sitting on a bench on a waterfront.", "A couple of stuffed animals sitting on a park bench"]
["three giraffe stretching there necks to reach high leaves", "A group of giraffes grazing on leaves off of trees in a zoo.", "A group of giraffes eating leaves off trees.", "A group of giraffe standing next to each other.", "A few giraffes are standing on dirt by some trees."]
["A street scene in the evening with a lone car and traffic light showing red.", "A red stoplight that is on a pole.", "Street lights on the side of the road. ", "There is a red light at the intersection.", "A car sits by the corner as some people stand by it."]
["cars that are stopped at a traffic light", "a traffic light on the road with many vehicle", "A busy street with many cars, buildings and stop light.", "a big street with houses all around it", "A red light over a city street in a neighborhood."]
["A traffic light made of chrome sitting on a pole.", "A stylized photo of a traffic light at an intersection", "A traffic light that is on a street.", "Overhead view of traffic lights on pole above top of building. ", "A drawing of a traffic signal that points in several directions."]
["there are cars coming down the street to a green light", "The traffic is speeding through the wet streets.", "A city street filled with traffic surrounded by buildings.", "Cars riding on the road through a green light.", "There are cars moving down an empty street."]
["Giraffes and zebra watching a zookeeper in their enclosure.", "A couple of giraffe standing next to a zebra.", "A zoo keeper walks away as a zebra and giraffes follow her.", "A pair of giraffes and a zebra lounging in a habitat.", "A woman walking on a stone wall near two giraffes and a zebra."]
["A couple of zebra walking next to a giraffe on a lush green field.", "A couple of zebra and a giraffe on the grass.", "Two zebras and a giraffe are walking in a park.", "a couple of zebras walk next to a giraffe ", "A giraffe and two zebras walking on a hillside."]
["A city street filled with traffic at night.", "A blurry image with lights and cars in the background", "A blurry view of a street with many lights", "Many lights can be seen on the street in the blurry image.", "A blurry image of an urban street at dusk. "]
["An airplane crossing above a metal structure on a cloudy day.", "A ferris wheel sits while a plane flys overhead.", "A carnival ride with riders on it viewing a plane up in the sky.", "An airplane is flying in a cloudy white sky.", "A airplane flying in the sky above a structure and below the clouds."]
["A small aircraft parked on a grass field", "a small aircraft parked in grassy field with trees in the background", "A plane sitting in the middle of a field.It appears to be an older propeller plane.", "a green black and white airplane on a grass field and some trees", "A small airplane parked in the middle of a field"]
["A single engine plane in the air right above a grassy field.", "A small airplane takes off on a grassy field.", "A white small plane flying over a lush green field.", "The small turboprop airplane lifts off the runway on takeoff.", "A plane takes off over a grassy field"]
["A city street with cabs, people and traffic lights", "A very busy and congested street full of taxi cabs.", "There are plenty of taxis waiting in the street to pick up a fare. ", "An extremely busy city street with many cabs, cars, and people.", "Taxis get jammed up on the busy street "]
["A traffic light sitting above a street with vehicles.", "Traffic on a street with a green traffic light.", "A car sitting at an intersection with both red and green lights on ", "A view from the windshield of a car shows a street with traffic, lights, and buildings.", "A car that is stopped at three street lights.  People are waiting to cross the street."]
["A cat laying on a bed by a window.", "A kitten sleeping on a perch in front of a window.", "A cat rests in front of the sunlight coming through the window", "A cat is sleeping on a large bench.", "A black and white cat laying on a seat next to windows."]
["A city with many people waiting for a train.", "People standing in a long line at a train station.", "A line of people stand against a fence by tracks.", "many people standing on one side of a train track", "A intersection crossed by train tracks is crowded with people. "]
["an old man with a white dog on a leash and a bench", "A man is walking his poodle as the poodle stops to rest against a bench.", "MAN WALKING HIS DOG STOPPING AT A BENCH", "old man walks small white dog down the street near bench", "A man walking his dog next to a bench."]
["a stuffed animal and a figurine are sitting on a bench and water", "A wooden bench with stuffed animals sitting on top of it.", "A stone bench sitting in front of a beach.", "A stuffed animal on bench at the beach with a building behind.", "Stuffed animals left out on the bench at the beach"]
["An intersection on the strip in Las Vegas.", "Cars whizzing by on the traffic filled street.", "A number of vehicles in a busy road with traffic lights in a city", "A street filled with lots of car traffic.", "Several cars at an intersection during the day in Las Vegas."]
["A train traveling down tracks next to a bridge.", "a green train is riding down a set of tracks", "a passenger train goes along some train tracks in front of a highway", "A green train travels on the tracks through the city.", "A green and white train on tracks with water in the background."]
["A one way sign that is on a pole.", "A black and white picture of a traffic signal in a city.", "A black and white image of some buildings and a street light.", "Intersection with traffic signals in large metropolitan area.", "Traffic lights in front of large buildings with a one way sign."]
["An empty street with two street lights placed next to each other.", "street lights showing red and yellow near a bike lane", "Stop lights outside beside the bike lane on a road", "bike lane near sidewalk with traffic control lights", "Two traffic lights on a sidewalk near a street."]
["A man and woman in western clothing standing in front of a trailer.", "A couples posts for a picture in front of a bus.", "A man and woman in western attire pose in front of a coach bus.", "A man and a woman standing in front of a bus.", "Two people are leaning against a motor coach."]
["A person with a mask and other cover with umbrellas ", "People walking down the sidewalk with umbrella and bus passing by.", "People are walking in the rain while holding umbrellas.", "A man with a hideous mask on as a tour bus rides away.", "A man wearing a mask on a sidewalk beside a street."]
["A purse is sitting on top of a cutting board.", "A gold purse shaped like a bus sitting on a kitchen counter ", "A gold colored purse designed like a bus.", "A purse is in the shape of a bus and is gold with flowers and rainbows on it.", "there is a small gold bus purse on the counter"]
["Several giraffes are gathered around a tree stump near a pond.", "A herd of giraffe standing around a tree trunk.", "Group of giraffes standing next to cut up tree in grassy field.", "Several baby and parent giraffes sitting around a cut down tree.", "a group of giraffe standing next a pile of wood"]
["A large American flag sitting on top of a building.", "The American flag is on top of the tall building.", "A street pole that has traffic lights and street signs on it, with a large building in the background that has an American flag flying from it.", "An American flag flies on top of a tall building", "a street sign is hanging on a pole outside"]
["a street light is hanging on a pole", "Two traffic signals on a pole arm at an intersection.", "Traffic light hanging near power lines with trees in back. ", "A red light at a stop in front of some trees.", "A traffic light with a thirty one street sign next to it."]
["a public transit bus parked on a city street ", "A man taking a selfie with a bus in the background.", "an older man is posing in front of a bus", "A double decker bus driving down a street.", "A yellow and orange double decker bus is shown."]
["A clock displaying the time in a passenger bus.", "A clock on the wall inside a mass transit vehicle.", "A digital clock on a bus can be seen above people's heads.", "A view of a a clock that reads 911 on it.", "A clock on a bus shows the time is 9:11."]
["Their is a boy reading a book and sitting down.", "A man reading a book on a bench on a boat.", " a person sitting on a bench reading a book", "A man sitting on top of a blue bench on a boat.", "A man reading a book while on a bench."]
["An old, rickety wooden  bench near the woods.", "A wooden bench that is by some trees. ", "A bench that is underneath trees in the grass.", "a wood bench is next to some small trees outside", "a wood bench sitting under a tree at a park "]
["a big giraffe walks across a dirt road ", "The giraffe is crossing a road in front of a car. ", "A giraffe is crossing a street with a car behind it.", "A giraffe walking across a country road surrounded by dry grass.", "The very tall giraffe is walking across the road."]
["A white van parked in a parking lot next to a forest of trees.", "A medium size white tour bus waits for passengers", "A small white passenger bus with the doors open.", "There is a small transportation bus with its doors open", "A small bus parked in a parking lot."]
["A black and brown park bench in a grassy area.", "A bench that is next to a walking path.", "A bench in the park on a rainy day.", "An iron and wooden bench in a park.", "A bench in a park beside a walkway."]
["The giraffe is sitting in the middle of the grass alone", "Giraffe laying down in a field with other animals grazing in the background", "a giraffe that is laying with his legs curled under him", "A giraffe that is laying down in the grass.", "a young giraffe lying down in a grassy field with small animals behind it"]
["Two giraffes looking in opposite directions and crossing necks.", "A couple of giraffe standing in front of a forest.", "there are two giraffes that seem to be embracing each other ", "A fenced area ringed with trees and green leaves, shows two giraffes, their necks criss-crossing, so that their heads look in opposite directions.  ", "Two giraffes are standing next to each other"]
["Two sheep grazing on a lush green grass covered field.", "an image of two sheep  in the pasture ", "Two sheep sitting behind a fenced in area", "A lamb and her child standing in the grass", "The two sheep are standing in tall grass."]
["A fluffy sheep stands in a large field and looks at a fence.", "A sheep standing on a hill in front of a fence.", "A sheep with lots of fur on a fence in the field", "a sheep standing up next to a fence", "The sheep's coat will be sheared off soon."]
["a young boy is feeding a large giraffe", "From his hand, a young boy feeds a giraffe.", "A giraffe is eating out of a kids hand.", "a close up of a person feeding a giraffe ", "A child feeding a giraffe from the palm of his hand."]
["A small bus driving down a street next to a sidewalk.", "A woman walking on the sidewalk with bags. ", "This is a busy city street with many bright signs at dusk.", "a bunch of people walk down a side walk as traffic passes by ", "The city is still busy with business this time of evening. "]
["A tall giraffe standing next to a bunch of trees.", "A giraffe walking past some trees in the wild", "A giraffe with a long neck walks in his enclosure", "A giraffe walking in a pasture with a house in the background.", "A giraffe standing next to trees on the plains."]
["An old couple sits on a bench by a body of water.", "The man and women seat on the bench watching something.", "a male and female sitting on a bench water and grass", "Two eldery people are wnjoying the view of a lake in this park", "A couple of people sitting on top of a wooden bench."]
["A black lab waits at a picnic table for it's master.", "A dog is leaning against a picnic table.", "A large black dog sitting underneath a wooden bench.", "A black dog props itself up under a park table. ", "A dog has came up from underneath a picnic table and rests his arms."]
["a street a street light a traffic light and some trees", "a traffic light at an intersection a dusk ", "traffic lights on the road showing and some lights", "Empty road with street light on and red traffic light", "A stop light under a street light at twilight with trees in the background."]
["A rainy day at the bus station in the old section of town. ", "people walking near two double deckered busses with buildings in the background", "A street filled with buses and cars surrounded by tall buildings.", "A busy city intersection with public transit and pedestrians.", "A street view of intersection with people and buses in the background."]
["An orange fire hydrant with a black hat on top.", "There is a pink fire hydrant with a black hat.", "a yellow and black fire hydrant close to the road\n", "a fire hydrant with a hat on top near a city street ", "A yellow fire hydrant with a black beanie on top."]
["A large herd of sheep are walking behind a wire fence.", "Several sheep are foraging in an open field.", "a herd of sheep behind a fence with one looking at the camera ", "There are sheep standing in the grass near a fence.", "A metal wire fence confining sheep inside a grassy meadow."]
["a decorative seat sitting inside cut out bushes", "A park area with a shelter made of leaves", "A well-carved green bush outside during the day.", "A bench is in an enclave of manicured bushes.", "a bench under a bush with trees in the background"]
["a woman in black walking down a sidewalk by herself ", "A woman walking down a street next to a yellow fire hydrant.", "A woman wearing high boots walks down a street. ", "a young woman walking on a sidewalk next to a firehydrant", "Adult woman walking on sidewalk near yellow fire hydrant in city."]
["An older man sitting on a wooden bench under a tree.", "A man rest comfortably on a park bench in a beautiful park.", "A man sitting on a bench under a tree.", "A man is sitting on a bench under a tree. ", "An older man sitting on a park bench."]
["A yellow and green fire hydrant in Canada.", "A yellow and green fire hydrant sitting in the grass.", "A photo of a yellow and green fire hydrant.", "A hydrant of the Canada Valve & Hydrant Co, Ltd, along a residential road.", "A green and yellow fire hydrant on a Canadian street"]
["A large older man sitting on a wooden bench in a park.", "A heavy set man sitting on a bench alone with a light colored shirt on ", "A man sitting on a park bench by himself.", "A man sitting on a wooden bench in front of trees.", "A large older man sits on a park bench"]
["some old dirty pipes laying on the ground", "A fire hydrant is sitting near many logs. ", "Metal pipes lay on the ground at a construction site.", "there are many tree logs that are layer on the floor", "a couple of steel pipes lay on the ground next to each other "]
["A fire hydrant in the grass near the curb with the remnants of melting snow", "A red fire hydrant sitting next to a tree.", "A fire hydrant in a patch of grass near a sidewalk.", "a red fire hydrant some grass and a tree", "A red fire hydrant, sitting on on the road."]
["A red fire hydrant sitting in the middle of the grass.", "A red fire hydrant sits on the curb.", "a small red fire hydrant in the yard", "Fire hydrant in a field of grass next to a road.", "There is a fire hydrant in the grass."]
["A yellow fire hydrant is standing in the snow. ", "A yellow fire hydrant surrounded by smooth snow.", "A yellow fire hydrant is in the white snow.", "a fire hydrant in a field covered in snow", "The fire hydrant is the only thing visible in the snow."]
["A woman sitting next to a yellow hydrant on a sunny day.", "A girl lays in the grass by a fire hydrant", "A woman sitting in lush green grass next to a fire hydrant.", "Pretty young girl in white tank top sitting in grass by fire hydrant", "A woman sits on the ground near a fire hydrant."]
["There is a black and white photo with a bench falling over.", "A bench falls into a crack in the asphalt. ", "A large crack in the ground that a bench has fallen into.", "A caved in street with a bench in the hole", "A bench sits at a wrong angle down a gully as the water of the river next to it appears to be high."]
["A giraffe stands with several birds resting on it's neck. ", "A giraffe that has some birds perched on it.", "this is a close up picture of a giraffe that is standing", "A giraffe with a couple birds holding onto his neck. ", "Several birds perched on a giraffe's neck eating bugs."]
["there is a little boy dressed as santa sitting on the bench", "Some people sitting on a long bench wearing funny hats.", "A couple of people sitting next to a miniature Santa Clause.", "Parents and children dressed up as Santa Claus sit on a park bench.", "A group of people on a bench all dressed in Christmas hats"]
["A few school buses are parked near other vehicles. ", "There are three buses parked behind a fence.", "A parking lot with several large yellow buses.", "Several buses and cars parked in a dirt lot while a man walks by.", "This is a dirty parking lot with several school buses in it."]
["A kneeling woman takes a photo of a park bench.", "A woman taking a  picture of a park bench", "A lady squatting down on a lawn taking a picture of a park bench.", "an image of a woman photographing a  famous park bench", "A cement and wood bench sitting in a lush green field."]
["A couple of captive giraffes look around the ground in the zoo. ", "Two giraffes stand in a field and lower their necks.", "Two giraffes standing in front of each other.", "Two giraffe snuggling next to each other next to trees.", "Two giraffe standing in the grass with necks bent looking down."]
["A parking lot with a car, three buses, and a semi.", "A group of three buses parked next to each other in a parking lot.", "A parking lot with one car and 3 commuter buses.", "Three buses and a car waiting for passengers at a stop.", "A line of three busses and a car on a road. "]
["A close up of a giraffe's face standing in front of a tree and another giraffe.", "A close up of a giraffe with another in the background against a tree. ", "There is a close up picture of a giraffes face", "A couple of giraffe standing next to each other in a forest.", "A close up of a giraffe in front of a pole."]
["A bike attached to the front of a blue bus.", "A couple of bikes riding on the front of a bus.", "A bus that has bikes mounted on the front of it.", "A public bus with bike racks on the front", "a bus that has some bikes on the outside of it"]
["A wooden bench on a fence and plants surrounding it", "A walled garden has a bench and a fountain.", "Bench in a garden surrounded by vines and flowers. ", "A wooden bench sitting in front of a brick wall surrounded by flowers.", "A wooden bench nestled by a fountain on a vine covered wall in a garden"]
["A flock of sheep graze on a hillside.", "A flock of sheep eating grass in a field", "The sheep are grazing on the hill side.", "Several sheep atop a grassy hill eating grass.", "Sheep grazing in an open grassy field. "]
["A boat and a duck is in the water", "This is an image of a bird on a buoy with a boat nearby.", "This is a bird standing on a buoy with a boat behind it.", "a bird standing on a buoy in a large body of water", "Segull sits on a floatation device looking at a boat on the water. "]
["The small dog sitting in the center of the walkway.", "A cat sits in the middle of pavement as a bird swoops down.", "A cat sitting in a concrete parking area with a piece of paper blowing in the wind over his head.", "A cat sits on the pavement while a bird flies overhead.", "Little cat out on the road watching a bird fly by"]
["A dead bird being dangled in front of a cat", "A dead bird being held in front of a cat.", "A tabby cat sniffing a dead bird being held.", "A person's hand holding up a dead bird to a cat.", "a gray and white cat smelling a small dead bird"]
["A tall giraffe standing next to a baby giraffe.", "There are two giraffes standing next to each other.", "A mother giraffe standing above her young child", "An adult and baby giraffe stand in the sun. ", "A giraffe and its young standing in an enclosure."]
["A giraffe is fenced in next to a large city.", "A picture of a giraffe fenced in captivity.", "A giraffe standing near a pole in  an enclosure", "A giraffe standing next to a tall tree in front of a major city.", "A giraffe sitting behind a fenced in area"]
["A view of a street at night shows a yellow fire hydrant.", "a night time scene of trees and a yellow fire hydrant", "A yard with a fire hydrant and trees at night.", "A yellow fire hydrant viewed between two trees on a curb side.", "A yellow fire hydrant sitting next to brown trees."]
["A green school bus drives down the road with bikes on top.", "Green bus in front of a mcdonalds with many bikes on top.", "An extended bus with several bicycle resting on top.", "A big green bus that is covered with dust and has many bicycles on the roof.", "A long green school bus parked on pavement."]
["City bus on an empty city street near a STOP sign. ", "A city bus traveling down a street with tall structures on either side.", "a public transit bus on a city street", "A yellow and white bus driving past an industrial building.", "A bus driving down the road in front of buildings."]
["A flock of seagulls walking along a beach.", "a number of birds flying on a beach", "There are five seagulls are flying along the shore. ", "there are many seagulls flying around the beach", "A group of seagulls fly close to the sand on the shore of a beach."]
["A double decker bus parked next to a crowded sidewalk.", "A bus is shown with a line of people next to it.", "A modern day double decker bus that is parked in a lot.", "A white and blue double decker bus on side of street.", "A double decker bus parked by a sidewalk."]
["a girraf standing in a grassy field next to a forrest", "a very large giraffe that is standing in some grass", "A giraffe that is bent over and you can see it's tail.", "A tall giraffe standing on top of grass covered ground near a forest.", "A giraffe stands with its legs askew as it bends its head down."]
["A group of three buses driving down a highway.", "A highway in a busy city is filled with cars and buses.", "A busy freeway, with lots of cars, buses, and a subway entrance next to it.", "A view of a busy city street and an enclosed bus stop.", "A very busy highway with a lot of traffic and multiple off ramps."]
["a truck and two double deckered busses near a building", "A white recovery truck is in front of a red bus.", "a truck parked in front of a red double decker bus next to a sidewalk in front of a building.", "Two large trucks are parked between some lines on a street.", "A towing truck towing a bus away and another bus in the background"]
["A little black colored bird stands gazing at a statue on a sunny day.", "A bird sitting on snow covered ground next to a statue.", "A small black bird standing in snow bedside a small lawn figurine ", "a little black bird standing next to a statue", "A black bird standing on the ground near a toy."]
["There is a group of small birds standing on the chairs.", "A bunch of birds that are sitting on chairs.", "The birds are lined up near some purple chairs.", "Birds are sitting on the arms of poolside chairs. ", "A group of little birds sitting on the arm rest of the lounge chairs"]
["Two women looking at three giraffes behind a fence.", "Giraffes in a zoo enclosure are watched by two women.", "Three giraffe stand near a fence as two women watch them.", "a close up of three giraffes near a fence", "Three giraffes looking over a wooden fence at two women."]
["A stop sign mounted on a pole with a street sign with a forest in the background.", "An all way stop sign at the intersection of two streets.", "A four way stop on St. Andrews Rd,", "a sign altered so it says stop all war", "A picture of a stop sign and a street sign."]
["A burnt out cement building is next to a stop sign.", "A street corner with street signs and a beaten up rock wall.", "Remains of old city wall at the corner of two cobblestone streets. ", "Traffic signage on post displayed near cement wall at intersection.", "An old wall is falling apart along a street in mexico."]
["A bird standing on the shore of the beach", "A lone bird sitting on top of a wet beach next to the ocean.", "A lone small bird stands on the beach during sunset.", "A seagull standing on a beach with a dwindling tide", "A single seagull standing on the coast with waves in the background."]
["Two giraffes in a field between multiple trees.", "Giraffe amongst trees with dry vegetation on the ground.", "some giraffes on a dirt ground with trees in the background", "a giraffe standing by a tree eating some leaves ", "A group of giraffes stand next to trees on a path."]
["A metal pole with a bunch of street signs hanging from the side of it.", "a pole that has a bunch of street signs on it", "There are many street signs on the pole.", "a pole with some sign coming out the side of it ", "a couple of street signs are on a pole above a street"]
["A lone, blue and orange bird sits on a bare tree.", "The colorful bird is perched on the delicate branch.", "A small blue, brown and white bird sitting on a branch.", "A SMALL ORANGE AND BLUE BIRD HANGING ON A BRANCH ", "A small blue bird sits in a leafless tree"]
["Two people sitting on a dock eating sandwiches", "Lunch is consumed by two people on the lakeshore. ", "A couple consuming a meal as boats travel past.", "Two people are sitting on a shore eating while boats pass by.", "The man and the woman eat food at the harbor"]
["The entrance for a subway on a city street.", "GREEN SIGN AND POST ON A BUSY STREET", "A sign outside of a subway station on a busy street.", "a green white and black sign some cars a street and buildings", "A sign indicating an entrance next to a busy city street."]
["A black and blue multi color bird walking on a grassy area", "A bird sits on the ground in some grass.", "A bird is standing in the grass. \n", "A little bird with blue markings standing in the grass.", "Small bird with black and blue on its wings standing on top of grass. "]
["A train traveling past a factory with tons of smoke pouring out of it's stacks.", "Two trains moves past a factory emitting smoke.", "an image of a smoke filled building with a train passing", "A factory near a train track letting out smoke.", "A building at a railroad crossing billows smoke."]
["two men in in a white raft and a ship behind them", "Enforcement personnel in small rubber craft on waterway.", "Several patrol men ride on a motorized raft.", "A small boat is next to the ship.", "a couple of people are riding in a small white boat"]
["A traffic light with a busy city street behind it.", "a red light on the crosswalk light on a street with tall buildings ", "This pole has a street sign and traffic light on it.", "A street sign is flashing do not walk.", "A street sign in the middle of a busy city street."]
["two persons standing outside a moving sub train", "A woman and a man wait on a train station ground. ", "Two people standing on a platform near a moving subway car.", "A subway platform with two a man and woman waiting.", "Woman and man waiting near the rails as a subway rushes by."]
["Two people are standing at a subway stop as a train goes by.", "A woman standing on a subway platform holding a piece of luggage.", "Two people in a station and a train", "Two people waiting on a train platform as a train passes by.", "People are standing at a station while holding luggage."]
["A seagull swims toward a rocky shore in a lake.", "A single seagull swimming towards a rocky shore.", "A seagull swimming in water near the shoreline.", "a duck that is floating in a pond", "The duck is swimming toward the moss covered rock."]
["Different street signs mounted to a pole with a stop light", "A pole holding two street signs, a traffic light and two traffic signs. ", "a pedestrian traffic light with street name and pedestrian crossing signs", "A red hand lights the cross-walk sign on the corner of 35th Avenue.", "Street sign, with name and abbreviation, in front of very old building."]
["We are looking up at a street sign with a building in the background.", "One, 35 Av, 81 ST, 35th Avenue street signs on one pole.", "The street pole contains traffic and street signs.", "A close up of a street pole with multiple street signs.", "Several street signs are on a post next to a building."]
["Three people riding horses on a beach next to the ocean..", "Three people on three horses on a beach. ", "Three people riding three horses along the beach. ", "A group of three people ride horses on the beach alongside the ocean.", "Three people riding horses on the beach right up to the water."]
["A  person holding a Jesus sign in a  city.", "a woman stands on a corner while holding a sign ", "Picketer on city street trying to praise her religion", "A woman holding a sign which explains how Jesus is the way to heaven.", "Woman on a city street has her photo taken while holding a bilingual sign. "]
["a sign for prospect and brady st on a street with a light post", "Signs hang on a pole against the blue of the sky.", "A group of various signs on a pole", "A highway sign sitting on top of a street sign.", "A sign for Lake Michigan posted at an intersection."]
["cars riding down a lit street with a bright light post ", "A large business facility in a building with traffic passing by.", "A group of different types of cars in the street.", "A neon sign is shown at the top of a building.", "A car drives down a street at night under the lights."]
["Many street signs are located within close vicinity of each other", "A blue cyclists dismount sign sitting on the side of a road.", " Roadsigns showing stop lights, right and left turns and warning cyclists to dismount.", "Various street signs and signals in an urban setting.", "Stop signs at an intersection indicating you can not turn in either direction."]
["Several cows in a field with a train passing in the background.", "Cows in a closed of field next to a passing train. ", "a cow and some goats hang out in a big flock", "A bunch of cows is in a field while a train passes by.", "Herd of cows in a fence with the backdrop of a train going down a train track."]
["A green heron perches on a stump in a swamp.", "the bird is sitting on a branch is a river", "A large colorful bird sitting on top of a tree trunk.", "The bird is big and colorful sitting on the bark of the tree", "A bird with many colors and orange legs perches on a branch."]
["This bird is looking at a toy photographer.", "a toy person taking a photo of two small birds", "Two small birds standing on the ground next to a plastic man.", "A miniature person taking pictures of two green birds.  ", "Two birds on a carpet and a man taking pictures of them."]
["S&B train number 3815 coming down the track, country area.", "A train is going down the tracks on a mountain side. ", "A locomotive on railroad tracks in a scenic countryside setting.", "The train is traveling through the rugged wilderness.", "A train is stopped in a forested area."]
["A yellow street light mounted to the top of a pole.", "The night is illuminated by a large, yellow lighted, lamp post.\n", "Street signs are attached to a lit street lamp.", "A yellow street lamp shines as the sun sets.", "The sky is cloudy behind an illuminated street light. "]
["People are waiting for the train to arrive", "People standing at a train station as a train is approaching.", "some people on a platform and a silver train ", "Train coming in to a station at the edge of a large city", "People standing on the pavement waiting for the approaching train."]
["A group of three women sitting at a table sharing a cup of tea.", "Three women wearing hats at a table together", "Three women with hats at a table having a tea party.", "Several woman dressed up with fancy hats at a tea party", "Three women wearing large hats at a fancy tea event."]
["a pink hat and a cellphone on some weaved basket", "A cell phone next to a knitted cell phone cover.", "A small pink beanie hat next to a cell phone.", "A pink winter hat sits next to a cellphone.", "A cell phone sitting next to a pink ski hat."]
["A phone that is laying next to a stocking cap.", "a phone is sitting next to some cloth", "The knit hat is next to the cell phone.", "a phone and a hat that are sitting on a basket", "A picture of a cell phone and a knitted cell phone cover. "]
["A yellow train traveling down tracks next to a lush green field.", "A yellow train with a flag on it riding down train tracks. ", "A large yellow train moving down a track.", "Yellow-orange pecial purpose train engine with American flag painted in the side.", "A yellow type of train is sitting on train tracks."]
["A cat sitting in front of a window where there is a field of tulips and a windmill.", "A cat sitting in front of an open windmill with a view of a red windmill.", "A gray and white cat is sitting in front of an open window with multi-colored tulips in the background.", "Cat sitting on a window sill in front of a windmill.", "A cat sits in front of an opened window facing a tulip field and windmill."]
["a cargo and train on the train tracks", "An old caboose on the train tracks while a modern train passes by", "An unused train car sits on a track while another train drives by in the distance.", "A train riding on a track near an old train car. ", "A passenger train is passing a single old train car parked on another track."]
["An old iron square steam train pulling gray passenger cars down a track past a bicyclist.", "An old fashioned train traveling down some tracks.", "The train is going down the railroad tracks.", "A steam engine going down a track. ", "A train going down the track with steam on top and a bicyclist riding beside it."]
["A traffic sign sitting on the side of a road.", "A yellow sign that is sitting on a sidewalk.", "A street sign is standing on the corner of the street.", "The road of an area with brick side walks and wide roads.", "A yellow warning sign on a street pole."]
["A house with a large hole in the side of it.", "A maroon vehicle stops at the stop sign. ", "A minivan at a stop sign in front of a broken house.", "A red SUV sits across the street from a damaged house.", "A dark red minivan is stopped at the stop sign by the corner of two quiet streets in town."]
["A red stop sign with a sticker of a man holding up a sword.", "A small figure has been drawn on a stop sign.", "A vandalized stop sign with some stickers on it.", "A stop sign that has been damaged by graffiti.", "The large red stop sign is hanging up."]
["a bunch of cars that are paying a toll", "A wide toll booth along a large freeway", "there are many cars that are passing threw the traffic toll", "A group of toll booths with a vehicle passing through.", "A toll road with lots of separate booths sitting next to each other."]
["a person standing next to a stop sign on a tree", "An old man holds a stop sign beside a road.", "A  man is in front of a tree with a stop sign on it. ", "An older man frowns next to a homemade stop sign.", "A man posing with his hand made stop sign by a tree"]
["a bicycle leaning against a stop and a yellow car", "A bicycle sitting at the base of a stop sign with a one way sign on it.", "A bicycle parked at a stop sign on the corner of a one way street.", "A bicycle leaned up on a stop sign.", "A bicycle is leaning against a stop sign."]
["A train that is on the tracks next to the trees.", "Train on tracks with grassy knolls and trees with cloudy sky", "A train is traveling down the tracks in the forest area. ", "A very long train traveling through a lush green hillside", "A long train on a narrow train track."]
["The street sign says \"Can't Stop The Dance\".", "A traffic sign and another sign on a pole near the curb and parked cars.", "A sign that says Can't stop the dance on a street pole.", "A black and white sign that reads \"can't stop the dance.\"", "A humorous street sign is seen on a city street."]
["Construction worker holding a stop sign on the side of a road on a sunny day.", "A road construction worker holding up a stop sign.", "a construction worker holding a red and white stop sign", "A flagger on the side of the street holding a stop sign.", "A man in a neon green vest is holding a stop sign on the newly paved road."]
["A red stop sign sitting above a four way sign.", "Four way stop sign at street intersection and two street signs above", "a stop sign on the side walk of a street", "A four-way stop sign is at the corner of Delta and Bridge Street.", "A four way stop sign in a nonresidential area."]
["A young boy standing next to a  yellow bike.", "A young boy eats something in front of a bike", "A small boy standing next to a bike and a parking meter.", "A young boy standing by a bicycle leaning on a parking meter ", "A boy stands beside a bicycle parked by a parking meter."]
["A truck that is next to a curb with coin meters.", "some parking meters a street buildings and a black truck", "A truck parked on the street beside a parking meter.", "Pick up truck with peeling paint parked next to a parking meter", "a city street with parking meters and one old pickup truck parked in the background a building with a gold dome"]
["Two boats floating on top of a river next to a  rock mountain", "people on a small boat in a body of water", "A group of people traveling on a boat with a cave in the background.", "People in the water on a boat near a cave.", "A group of people in a boat sitting in the water."]
["A train being pulled by an orange engine.", "An old train on the rail line next to an open field", "An orange engine at the beginning of a train. ", "An orange train traveling down train tracks through a field.", "A large moving vehicle, shaped like a train, is traveling down the tracks. "]
["A person puts money into a parking meter.", "A person's hand leaning on a parking meter.", "a hand resting on a parking meter and a black car", "Parking meter on sidewalk with hand resting on top.", "A gentleman waits expectantly at a parking meter"]
["A man walking without a shirt past an orange cone.", "A painted man is walking across the street.", "A large man wearing ties as a skirt and skin painted orange.", "A man is walking down the street covered in ties", "A person standing by a cone on a street."]
["A pickup truck parked on a street near a crowd.", "The people are walking by the red truck on the street.", "there is a small red pick up truck parked at the corner", "people line the sidewalk and streets of a run down town", "A red pickup truck parked next to a building."]
["A number of tourists atop two colorful trucks.", "a truck with a bunch of people in back of it", "The people in the truck are riding in the parade.", "People standing in the back of trucks while going down a street in a parade", "Several people are standing in the flatbed of a truck during a parade."]
["A red truck parked on top of a dirty ground.", "A dusty old pick up truck sits on a cliff by the sea", "A four door Nissan pickup parked near the water with equipment on the roof and in the bed.", "A truck parked in the dirt near a fence.", "A truck with it's door open parked at the waters edge."]
["A birthday cake is shaped like a fire truck.", "A cake made to look like a fire truck.", "The birthday cake has a fire engine and 4 year olds name.", "A birthday cake shaped like a fire truck\n", "A birthday cake decorated with a red fire truck. "]
["a dump truck carrying a car a building and a street", "A picture of multiple cars driving on a street.", "A dump truck with a car in the back drives down a street. ", "a garbage truck with the back of a car sticking out of the back of the garbage truck", "a station wagon being carried in the back of a truck"]
["A cow walking across a river as a boat approaches on the water.", "A black cow walking across a stream. ", "A boat is traveling down a river with a cow crossing the water.", "a cow in the waters and boat sailing", "A boat is traveling on a river past a cow that is in the water."]
["A dog sitting on the grass looking at a fake cow that is lit up at night.", "A dog looking at a statue of a cow.", "A dog sitting in the grass watching a cow", "A black and white cow is looking through a fence.", "A dog faces a light up cow ornament."]
["The old tow truck tries to lift an overturned truck that's on it's side.", "People looking at an over turned tractor trailer on a hill.", "A bus knocked over on it's side on a snow covered mountain.", "Black and white of large dump truck on its side with a small tow truck backed up to it, with some people standing around, and backs of people's heads from above the scene, with background of a valley and a mountain side.", "a truck is turned over by the side of the road"]
["a lift truck sits parked next to a pine tree ", "Safety cones protect a parked utility truck with crane on a roadside.", "Truck with cones around it with a cherry picker on top.", "A large cherry pickers truck is parked in a lot.", "A large white hydraulic truck near pine trees."]
["The black and white cat lies next to a pair of sneakers.", "A black and white cat rubbing against a pair of sneakers", "A black and white cat laying on a pair of shoes.", "A cat lying on the floor playing with a pair of sneakers.", "A cat is lying beside a pair of puma shoes"]
["Green dump truck with a yellow bed sitting on a road. ", "A picture of a big games bagels truck thats stuck in a traffic jam. ", "A large semi truck is shown parked in a lot.", "A truck moving along in heavy traffic down an incline.", "An older large green and yellow trash truck driving down a busy street."]
["A gray cat laying inside an opened suit case.", "Cat lying in an empty suit case, for attention.", "A cat is sitting inside of a suitcase.", "A cat laying on top of a piece of empty green luggage.", "a cat laying in an open bag of luggage "]
["A herd of white cows on a grassy field.", "A group of cows in a fenced in field.", "A group of cows mill about on a grassy pasture. ", "a number of cows sitting near one another in a field of grass", "A number of white cattle standing in a green field."]
["A hairy brown cow laying on top of a field.", "A highland cow lies in the grass in the sun next to a large group of goats. ", "A ram animal with horns is laying in the very green grass.", "A shaggy, brown, long horned bull lays in the grass.", "A long horn cow resting in the grass."]
["An adorable cat hiding out in luggage that is left open.", "A picture of a cat hiding inside a full suitcase.", "A white cat is hiding in a bag", "A cat with big eyes sitting inside a suitcase", "A cat peeking out from inside a closed suitcase."]
["A very attractive woman holding a tennis racquet.", "A tennis player with racquet raised has a shadow of a cat by her.", "A tennis player about to serve, but instead of  a ball, it's a cat.", "A woman with a tennis racket looking up at the cat.  ", "a woman with a tennis player holding a racket with a cat in the air"]
["A dump truck parked by the side of a road. ", "A white Mack truck parked beside the road.  ", "a truck parked on the side on a road", "A dump truck is parked on the side of a road.", "A large dump truck at a construction site "]
["A yellow dump truck parked on a lot.", "A large dirty yellow truck, parked in a yard.", "A large yellow dump truck parked and empty.", "A large yellow dump truck is sitting parked", "A yellow truck is hauling a load off."]
["A group of cows relaxing in the grass in front of a barn.", "This is an image of a barn with several cows in front of it.", "The cattle are lying in the green pasture.", "A herd of cows laying in  a field by a barn.", "horses laying down on the grass beside trees and a barn"]
["A construction truck parked near a storage shed.", "A dump truck sitting by a barn surrounded by overgrowth.", "An old dump truck sitting with grass growing around it.", "A dump truck that is parked on some grass.", "a parked truck sits next to a shed "]
["A white semi truck parked on a large muddy puddle.", "An old truck sits in the mud next to a field.", "A large truck is parked in a muddy field next to a camouflage truck.  ", "An old Mack truck parked in a muddy field", "A large white mack truck parked in a muddy field."]
["A dog carrying packs on his back while being walked. ", "a dog is carrying a blue back pack and some brown leaves", "A dog carrying two pouches stands in a patch of leaves. ", "A dog has two pouches on his back.", "a beagle with a blue pack on walking through leaves"]
["A orange tractor sitting on top of a lush green field.", "A snowplow truck with two snowplows on it", "Farm equipment truck in a field near a road. ", "an image of  a truck with the scaffolding ", "The yellow earth mover sits in the field in front of the pole."]
["A green truck with a snow plow next to a yellow vehicle.", "A big green dump truck with a plow clearing out some snow.", "there is a green truce that is cleaning snow off the roads ", "A large truck is in the snow next to a Clark truck. ", "A green dump truck sitting next to a yellow tractor."]
["A huge dump truck is fenced in in front of a neighborhood.", "a yellow dump truck in a fenced in area", "a very large dump truck on display surrounded by a fence", "A construction truck is surrounded by a fence.", "A large dump truck surrounded by a fence."]
["The trucks are all parked closely together. ", "Two large trucks next to each other in a parking lot ", "A large white truck parked beside several buildings.", "A large utility truck butted up against a large white piece of equipment.", "A large white construction truck parked in a lot area in front of a building supply store."]
["A cat laying in a leather chair near a wall.", "A cat is sitting in a black leather desk chair.", "a cat in an office sitting on a chair", "A cat is sitting in a black chair", "A long-haired cat sits on a black leather desk chair."]
["A vase of flowered branches sitting on a chair in a backyard.", "A cat under a white chair that has a mason jar with flowers in it.", "A white tray with a vase holding flowers over a cat.", "A cat sits under a chair with flowers on it.", "A cat standing under a metal chair that is placed in a yard and has a vase of flowers on it."]
["An orange tabby cat is curled up fast asleep on the top of a sofa cushion.", "An orange tiger striped cat sleeping on the back of a couch.", "A cat asleep on the back of a couch.", "THERE IS A ADULT CAT SLEEPING ON THE COUCH", "A tabby cat sleeping on a beige couch."]
["A person and a black cat are on a brown couch with a colorful blanket.", "A person laying on a couch with a cat laying in their arms, covering part of the face.", "A woman is holding a cat while she lays on a couch.", "Girl holding cat on couch while cat's eyes are closed", "A woman on a couch with a cat."]
["Two large concrete trucks parked near a large building.", "Two cement trucks travel down the middle of a street", "Two cement mixing trucks parked in a wet lot.", "These two large cement trucks are in a parking lot", "Two cement trucks parked alongside one another on the pavement"]
["three orange and white trucks and an orange building", "A number of large trucks are parked near an industrial building. ", "A trio of cement mixers back under the chute.", "A construction area with various trucks and loading machinery.", "two large trucks are loading gravel at a worksite"]
["A large semi truck delivers food to the store.", "a large truck is parked in a lot", "A truck that is sitting in a parking lot.", "A semi truck is parked beside In-N-Out restaurant.", "a semi truck with the in n out logo on the side of it "]
["A cat looks off the edge of a made up bed that has blue pillows and a floral pillow.", "There is a black cat sitting on the edge of the bed", "A bed has a brown cover, blue pillows and a floral decorative pillow and a black cat sits on the edge.", "a black cat seated on the edge of a neatly made bed ", "a cat sitting on a neatly made bed"]
["A fleet of semi trucks driving through orange traffic cones.", "A semi truck is driving through orange cones.", "a man walking up to a semi parked in a parking lot", "A couple of parked trucks in the parking lot", "Semi trucks on a parking lot with orange cones."]
["A gray cat standing on top of a dirt road.", "A gray fluffy cat staring in a dirt and weedy area.", "A grey cat with the camera flash caught in its eyes.", "A gray cat standing near some plants close to the fence", "A cat that is standing in the dirt."]
["A cement truck sitting next to a wooden fence.", "A cement mixing truck parked in front of a concrete wall on a city street", "Parked cement truck parked near a stack of large concrete blocks.", "A cement truck that has the number seventy one on it.", "A cement truck is parked next to a wall."]
["A cat sitting on a window sill in a room.", "a cat sitting in a window area with a pair of gloves", "A pair of blue gloves sitting on top of a window sill next to a cat.", "A cat sitting on a window sill next to a pair of blue gloves.", "A cat sitting in a bathroom window by some cleaning gloves."]
["A grey cat laying down on a wooden desk.", "A cat laying on a desk in front of books.", "A gray cat lying on top of a table", "A cat laying on a desk in a home office ", "A fat cat laying on the edge of a desk."]
["A cow standing on a mount of rock filled dirt next to a  lush green field.", "Some cows standing in an open outside area", "A cow standing next to a body of water. ", "Several cows graze in the countryside as nightfall nears.", "A herd of scattered cattle graze through a large field."]
["a blue and silver truck with logs trees and wires", "A truck is carrying some huge tree trunks.", "A large blue truck hauling many long logs.", "A large truck has large logs on its bed. ", "A large truck is stacked with cut wooden logs."]
["A large green and yellow truck parked next to a similar green and yellow truck.", "A green and yellow dump truck  backing into a garage", "A truck waiting in front of the warehouse.", "a green and yellow truck with a cloudy sky", "The two large trucks are painted green and yellow."]
["Several cows stick their heads out of a pen to feed. ", "Cows are being feed hay while being put in cages", "a number of cows in cages eating hay on the ground", "A herd of cattle grazing on hay inside of a pen.", "Cows strain their necks for hay in between posts of a fence."]
["A white truck with a shovel attached to the front of it.", "a white truck with a snow plow attached to its front bumper.", "A man driving a truck with a snowplow .", "There is a snow plow driving in a parking lot.", "A snow shovel is attached to the front of a truck."]
["A harbor with various boats and people walking up stairs.", "many small boats in a harbor in a body of water", "People enjoying boating in the river.Many motorboats and passengers seen at the river bank.", "boats parked at a dock in water and many people in the background", "An image of boats, and ferries on water."]
["A woman with a red sweater, seated and holding a small dog over a railing while looking into a body of water.", "A woman holding a dog on a rail.", "A woman is sitting in a boat holding her puppy as he has his paw on a railing.", "a woman holds a dog as it looks over the water ", "A person holding a dog as it looks at the water."]
["A woman holding a child and standing near a bull.", "A lady holding a small child near a big animal with horns.", "A woman holding a baby near a long horn steer.", "A woman holding a baby is looking at a bull.", "A woman holding a child looking at a cow."]
["A large metal fork sticking out of a lake next to a boat.", "an image a large fork perched in the water", "A seemingly very large fork stuck in the water  with a ship behind it", "A large fork sculpture stands in the water as a large boat passes.", "A large fork on the water where a boat is in the background."]
["A cat curled up on a bed sleeping with a man sitting in the back ground holding a laptop and watching the cat.", "A man in a chair while holding a laptop and posing for a picture.", "A man sitting in a chair smiling at a sleeping cat on a bed.", "A brown and white cat laying in couch with man in chair in background.", "A man with a laptop is next to a cat."]
["A grey and white cat sitting next to keyboard and computer monitor.", "A cat standing on to of a computer keyboard next to a monitor.", "a cat stiing by a desk with a paw on a keyboard ", "A cat standing on a desk near a keyboard.", "A cat sits with its' paw on the keyboard of the computer."]
["A young boy sitting on a seat on a bus.", "a little boy is wearing a blue shirt and a red tie", "Boy with a bright blue shirt and bow tie sitting in a seat.", "A small child sitting in a seat with a bag", "Small boy with a bow tie on sitting down on a bus. "]
["A dirty dog holds a stick in its mouth in the winter.", "A brown dog with a stick in its mouth.", "A dog holds a branch in its mouth on a snowy path.", "A dog standing in the snow with a stick in its mouth.", "a little dog holding sticks in its mouth."]
["A person is wading ashore near three fishing boats.", "Three boats in the green and blue water.", "A group of boats tied to the beach sitting in clear water.", "Fishing boats tied to the beach in clear water.", "a couple of boats are in the water"]
["A small elephant licking a blue metal fence.", "A small elephant trumpets over the fence of his zoo enclosure", "A baby elephant is standing next to a fence.", "Baby elephant standing on a log while making noise.", "A baby elephant standing on a log by the fence."]
["A lagoon with crystal blue water filled with boats.", "some boats can be seen out on the water", "A lot of boats in a small area of water.", "Huge body of water near a shore filled with watercraft.", "There are many boats on the clear blue sea."]
["A woman and man dance while smiling. ", "A man and woman in formal wear standing next to each other.", "There is a woman wearing a corsage next to a man in a white suit.", "A man and a woman who are standing together.", "A man and women pose at a wedding."]
["A business man walking along side the baseball field.", "A man is walking in a suit on the baseball field.", "A heavy-set man with a large satchel walks along the sidelines of a baseball game.", "Man in suit walking on baseball field looking through fence", "A man in a suit walking across a baseball field"]
["A group of people riding a raft down a rapid river.", "A group of people are white water rafting.", "a group of people on a raft in a body of water", "A group of people in a raft in some rough current.", "a raft full of people makes its way through some wavy water "]
["A young boy stands around a busy area, wearing a white shirt with a yellow tie and a name tag", "Afro American boy wearing a tie poses for a picture. ", "A smiling young boy wearing a big yellow tie.", "A smiling little boy wearing a large yellow neck tie.", "A boy wearing a tie and a white shirt."]
["A small white boat floating on top of a river.", "A boat is floating out on a lake.", "A boat on the water with trees behind it.", "A boat in the water on a cloudy day.", "A boat in a harbor with trees in the skyline."]
["A group of people gather underneath some umbrellas.", "A man in a black leather jacket is near others and umbrellas. ", "People standing in front of a building with umbrellas .", "A group of people are outdoors under red and white umbrellas.", "A group of people on a street next to orange and white umbrellas."]
["A view of a lake and mountains from a boat.", "A boat floating on a lake near a giant pole.", "A body of water, with a background of mountains.", "A small boat in the blue and green water.", "A view of a harbor with a massive flag pole and mountains in the distance."]
["A ferry going from one point to another point. ", "a big water way with some boats in it ", "an orange boat is passing near a large monument", "Boats near Ellis Island and the Statue of Liberty. ", "A boat sails with the Statue of Liberty and the Manhattan skyline in the distance."]
["A photo-shopped picture of grass umbrellas on a beach", "A beach covered with umbrellas next to water.", "THERE ARE A LOT OF IMAGES SHOWING HERE ", "We are looking at an abstract work of art.", "A painting that involves a reverse of a beach and umbrellas"]
["A basketball court with the head coach dressed in a suit and standing on the court, with a player near him and event staff close by.", "a coach looking at someone on the court", "A man in a business suit standing on a basketball court", "a person wearing a suit and tie ", "Older fine dressed coach standing during basketball game."]
["A group of cages stacked on top of each other near a body of water.", "Several stacks of lobster cages on a dock.", "Fishing crates are stacked on a dock and fishing boats are in the water.  ", "Lobster traps are stacked on the dock near the water.", "Stacks of cages are piled by the docks"]
["People swimming and reclining in chairs under umbrellas on a beach.", "Several people sit under chairs on the beach while two others swim in the ocean.", "Two people are walking in the shore of the ocean.", "A beach with lawn chairs and umbrellas on a blue green ocean.", "Four umbrella's with chairs sitting on a beach near the ocean."]
["there is no picture in this particular one.", "A woman holding an umbrella speaks on her mobile phone in the rain. \n", "A young woman on the phone holding an umbrella", "an image of a woman walking in the rain with an umbrella", "A woman carrying an umbrella talks on her cellphone while walking through the city on a rainy night."]
["A bright, building-lined river heavily populated with boats.", "Barges and small pole boats going down a canal.", "Boats are traveling down the river in the middle of the city", "A view of a river with several boats in it. ", "Many boats float down the water in between the buildings."]
["A group of people sitting and laying on top of a beach.", "A large group of people lounge at a beach.", "Many people on a beach with many chairs and blue umbrellas.", "Several people sitting or walking on the beach at a resort.", "A few rows of cabanas with blue umbrellas."]
["Several umbrella's and chairs gathered around at a beach.", "a beach with beach chairs and raised umbrellas.", "A sandy beach is full of blue umbrellas.", "Many blue beach umbrellas near lounge chairs at the beach", "Several beach umbrellas are up next to  lounges with a view of the beach."]
["A man adjusting another mans color in front of a painting.", "A man in button down holding tie to neck and a senior man with adjusting his collar in a room with lamp and framed photo.", "A man helping another man fix his tie.", "two men getting dressed for an event with one adjusting the others shirt", "an older man helping a younger man adjust his collar and getting dressed"]
["Two men walk down the street in a city.", "a couple of people walk next to some trees ", "Two young men walking through a small park at night.", "Two men wearing back packs walking through a park in the city.", "Two young men walking in a park, one is wearing a backpack."]
["two people riding on top of two horses ", "a line of elephants that were walking in a line", "Men are riding on elephants down the stone street.", "People ceremoniously riding elephants in a path in India", "A couple of men riding elephants by a mountain side."]
["Elephants walking with each other to travel to a place.", "A herd of elephants walking through an open range.", "The gray elephant family is crossing the ditch.", "Adult and baby elephants depicted in a stampede.", "A herd of elephants crosses a dry ravine."]
["Two elephant walking, the one in the foreground kicking up a some dirt. ", "Two elephants walk around in a large grassy field. ", "two elephants with long walking through the grass", "An elephant kicking some dirt on the ground.", "two very big elephants walking in the wild "]
["an elephant standing alone on a cement floor behind a wired fence.", "An elephant standing in an enclosed metal cage.", "There's an elephant standing with his trunk in his mouth.", "AN ELEPHANT KEPT IN  A YARD AT SOME PLACE.", "An elephant behind a wired fence inside a building."]
["A man carrying apiece of luggage on a sidewalk.", "A man on the sidewalk pulling a suitcase.", "Man carrying satchel and pulling suitcase down sidewalk in a city.", "Man carrying a flowered suitcase down the sidewalk.", "A man pulls a suitcase on wheels down a sidewalk."]
["A herd of elephants walking next to each other.", "A pack of elephants are trampling in the sand.", "The herd of elephants include adults and young ones.", "A herd of elephants are walking among the desert.", "There is a herd of elephants walking together."]
["Dog lying on bedding material in suitcase in large room.", "A dog on a blanket in a suitcase.", "a dog in a suitcase with some purple sheets and pillow", "A dog sitting  in a piece of luggage on a floor.", "A dog laying on a purple pillow in a suitcase on the floor"]
["A group of boats with passengers docked at a fenced wall with a crowd at the fence.", "a number of small boats in a body of water", "A large group of people with umbrellas look at the boats below. ", "A large group of people with umbrellas next to the water.", "A anal filled with boats and the street above it filled with people under umbrellas. "]
["a small child watching an elephant behind a fence", "A child looking at an elephant that is standing in an enclosure.", "a baby in front of a metal railing and an elephant standing behind the railing.", "A baby looks at a looming elephant wearing a red cloth.", "A baby in the foreground to an elephant in a pen."]
["Many people are walking along through the hallway.", "A lot of people walked down a covered walkway.", "Several people milling about in a lobby area. ", "people walking on tiles in an arched hallway", "A classical building interior full of people in passing on a rainy day."]
["A group of people stare at a group of elephants.", "People are walking near five adult elephants with head dresses. ", "Onlooker on sidewalk watching group of elephants in city setting.", "A group of people standing around a line of elephants.", "The circus elephants are in town before the big show. "]
["A red brick building as a backdrop, trained elephants entertain a crowd.", "Clowns stand in front of a line of elephants.", "Several elephants with headdresses and three clowns entertaining a crowd.", "A row of circus elephants and circus clowns in front of a crowd.", "A crowd of people looking at circus elephants."]
["A pair of elephants lined up next each other in an enclosure.", "Two elephants on top of the sand next to a building.", "Two elephants walking by a tan wall with green palm trees painted on it.", "Two elephants walking next to a rock wall with trees painted on it.", "Two elephants walk around their enclosure at a zoo."]
["The four men are performing in costumes. ", "Four actors in renaissance clothes stand outside on a stage. ", "Four people in colorful attire with hats are getting ready to perform on a platform.", "The group of entertainers are dressed in vintage garb.", "A group of men dressed in medieval clothing "]
["there is a german sherpard sitting on the floor with a stuffed bear", "A large dog lies on the wooden floor next to someone's standing feet.", "A picture of a German Shepard with a stuffed animal. ", "A dog laying on a wooden floor with a stuffed toy.", "The dog is looking in the other direction as he has a stuffed animal in front of him."]
["People pulling their luggage as they walk ", "lady's walking toward a building pulling suitcases  ", "People walking some with luggage and some without.", "People are walking around outside of an airport.", "The couple holds hands as a woman walks past."]
["A photo of an old elephant standing in the wild.", "An elephant standing in a grassy clearing among some trees.", "large brown elephant making his surrounding look so small", "A large brown elephant is in the grass.", "An elephant standing in green grass next to trees."]
["Two people sitting and two people walking through what looks to be an airport", "Two people sitting outside waiting on a ride.", "A man is sitting down with his belongings in a train station", "people waiting at an airport next to their luggage.", "A black and white photo of a man sitting against the wall."]
["A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE RIDING ON THE ELEPHANT ", "Two elephants on the grass with people riding on them.", "People are riding on elephants as other people are standing on a raised platform.", "Several groups of people ride elephants on an elephant track.", "A group of people riding on the back of an elephant."]
["An elephant picks up an object with its trunk", "A small elephant standing next to a  white stone wall.", "An elephant that is putting something in its mouth.", "an elephant living in captivity standing under a tree", "large elephant standing in enclosure with curled trunck"]
["A group of people seated while holding umbrellas", "A group of people sitting on a beach while holding umbrellas.", "four people sitting on a bench holding umbrellas and one man is standing", "A group of people under some umbrellas in a field.", "A big full view of several people gathering.\n\n"]
["A cup filled with umbrellas and canes next to a white wall.", "A basket in the sunlight holds many different umbrellas.", "There's quite a selection of umbrellas in this stand.", "a large group of umbrellas in a holder", "A batch of umbrella's and walking canes in a basket."]
["A dog leaping outside to catch a frisbee.", "a blurry shot of a dog chasing a Frisbee in the backyard", "A dog that is about to catch a frisbee.", "A large brown dog chasing a yellow frisbee through a back yard", "A dog in a  back yard chasing a frisbee"]
["A brown dog running with a yellow frisbee in it's mouth.", "a dog grabbing a yellow umbrella in the yard", "A dog running to catch a frisbee in the grass.", "A dog is catching a Frisbee that his owner through", "A large brown dog with a yellow Frisbee in its mouth."]
["The man is posing with his umbrella up.", "A man wearing a neon shirt while holding a pink umbrella.", "two people holding open umbrellas near one another ", "An individual is capture in the stillness of the picture.\n", "A man smiles at something off-screen while holding a magenta umbrella."]
["A group of people with luggage waiting by a door", "Several people waiting outside of an ornate door.", "a group of people standing holding luggage bags", "Several people stand at a door with luggage.", "Group of people standing outside of a door with a gate."]
["a man that is standing by some bags", "A man is pointing out a brown suitcase.", "A man standing in front of a zoo shop window ", "A man is holding his hand out to point at a window with suitcases on each shelf.", "there is a man that is posing in front of a store window", "A man standing next to a bat of luggage."]
["a girl wearing a white bonnet holding a black luggage bag", "A woman standing outside of a brick building.", "Young lady with suitcase waiting outside a building.", "A young woman standing against a building with luggage.", "A woman stands behind her luggage next to a building. "]
["a street with some vehicle on it pass in front of a market ", "A group of umbrellas that are sitting next to a truck.", "Group of people driving alongside a group of red umbrellas. ", "A crowded city street with the red umbrellas of a streetside market on the sidewalk", "Food stands with red umbrellas on a crowded street."]
["A very big polar bear under water with an item.", "A polar bear that is underneath the water.", "A polar bear under water with a plastic container.", "A polar bear is playing with a blue bottle underwater.", "a white beear with a blue bottle under water"]
["a couple of surfboards placed in the sand with dogs", "Two dogs sitting in the shade provided by some surfboards. ", "A group of three surfboards sitting next to each other.", "three surf boards leaning up against a tree branch", "an image of two dogs that are in the sand"]
["a man paddling in the lake with a dog nearby", "A man on a paddle board with a black dog swimming behind him. ", "A man riding a paddle board on top of a body of water.", "A man rows standing on a surfboard near a dog fetching a ball in a body of water near a shoreline.", "A man on a standup paddle board in a lake with a dog swimming nearby."]
["A bearded man in a long tie-dyed shirt sitting in the shade of his pink umbrella.", "A man sits in a chair with an umbrella.", "A man in a rainbow frock is holding a pink umbrella.", "A bearded man holding a pink umbrella in the sun.", "Man in rainbow colored smock holding a pink umbrella."]
["A man and a woman standing next to each other.", "A couple is getting a picture by baggage claim", "A man and a woman with cameras at a baggage claim.", "A cute little oriental couple standing at an air port with cameras and smiling ", "Young couple smiling and standing in front of a baggage claim sign at the airport."]
["A red bag of luggage at the airport.", "A red suitcase comes down the belt at an airport while other people get their luggage.", "A piece of luggage on a conveyor belt.", "A man at the airport trying to claim his luggage.", "A red piece of luggage riding on a conveyor belt."]
["A computer desk topped with a desktop computer and a laptop.", "Two computers and a keyboard sit on a desk", "A desk with a laptop and a desktop computer.", "A desk with a laptop and desktop computer.", "A desk top computer and a laptop sitting on a wooden desk."]
["A big brown bear swims in the water.", "Water drips off a bear who is standing in  water.  ", "a bear dripping wet from a dunk in a river", "a brown and black bear is in some water", "Black bear walking in water with water falling off of it. "]
["A polar bear is walking around the water", "A large white polar bear walking along a path.", "A polar bear is walking alone in his enclosure", "a polar bear that is walking around some rocks", "a polar bear standing in a rocky habitat"]
["A polar bear dives off a rock into a river.", "A bear jumping into a pool of water.", "A polar bear reaches down into the water.", "There is a white polar bear plunging into the water.", "A polar bear diving off an outcrop of rocks into the water."]
["a passenger sorting through luggage on an airport runway", "The men are putting luggage in order for the plane. ", "A woman looking at baggage laid out on the tarmac at an airport", "Airport baggage handlers attend to luggage on the tarmac.", "The lady is searching for luggage on the tarmac."]
["A large white polar bear walking across a dirt and gravel ground.", "A polar bear is walking around in the zoo.", "A polar bear walking on some rocky ground.", "A fat polar bear walking along the rocks", "A polar bear walking in a zoo enclosure."]
["An adult polar bear is swimming in the icy water", "A polar bear emerging from water head first. ", "A polar bear bursts out of the water at night.", "A polar bear looking up while swimming in water.", "A polar bear is sticking his head out of the water."]
["A large white polar bear rolling around in a body of water.", "A polar bear with his mouth open swimming on its back.", "an adult polar bear splashing into cold water", "A nose and white fur peek out from the water.", "A white bear rolling around in the water."]
["A person sitting outdoors with a Frisbee in front of their face.", "This is a picture of a Frisbee  stuck to a guys face.", "A boy scout wearing a Frisbee on his face", "A man sitting down with a Frisbee on his face.", "Person in a khaki shirt with a white frisbee on their face in a park. "]
["a male in a black shirt  playing frisbee on some grass", "A man waiting to catch a frisbee in the grass.", "A kid waits to catch a Frisbee at a grassy park in the city. ", "a person in a field with a frisbee and a building in the background", "A man in a park prepares to catch a frisbee."]
["A red Frisbee floating in a lake with dark water.", "A red flying disk floating just below the surface of a pond.", "A frisbee barely hits the surface at a lake", "A round red disc lying in rippled water", "A frisbee is floating on a body of water."]
["A man tossing a frisbee to a brown dog.", "A man playing Frisbee with a dog in the snow.", "A man holds up a frisbee and a dog jumps for it in a snowy clearing. ", "A MAN AND HIS DOG PLAYING FRISBEE IN THE SNOW", "A dog leaping in the air to grab a frisbee from its owner on a snowy day."]
["a happy looking polar bear swiiming in water", "Close up of a polar bear swimming in the water", "A polar bear with a black nose swimming in water", "A polar bear swims through the water with its head and back above the surface.", "A polar bear wading through a pool with a happy look on its face."]
["A kid playing a game of frisbee with his dog in the snow.", "a person and their dog playing in the snow with a frisbee", "A person and a dog playing with a Frisbee in the snow.", "A woman plays Frisbee with her dog in the snow.", "A lady playing frisbee with her dog, in the snow."]
["A brown dog looks up at the camera as he stands in the snow.", "A dog fetching a Frisbee out of a snow bank.", "A dog is standing in the snow with two Frisbees.", "A very cute brown dog standing in snow.", "A dog standing in the snow with some frisbees."]
["A polar bear stands over an orange disc in his enclosure. ", "A polar bear standing behind a bright orange object.", "A polar bear looks toward the camera in front of his orange disc toy. ", "a polar bear standing on a cement floor next to an orange plate and an enclosed body of water.", "a polar bear standing next to an orange disc"]
["This young girl is learning to throw a frisbee.", "A picture of a little kid holding a frisbee.", "a little girl with a yellow jacket is holding a frisbee", "A young girl holding a frisbee on a tennis court.", "A frisbee will be thrown to a girl's dad in time"]
["A couple of dogs walking next to a couple of chairs.", "Two small dogs are playing under a table.", "A brown dog crouches by a black bag as a gray and brown dog is under a black chair.", "Two dogs playing near some chairs and a table outside.", "two puppies play outside in the grass under a table"]
["A dog on top of a person so you cannot see the person.", "A dog climbs on top of the person lying on the couch, next to the closed laptop computer.", "A dog climbing on top of a person sleeping on a couch.", "A large dog seems to be laying on someone who is also laying on the coach with a laptop. ", "A dog that is on top of a person."]
["Two dogs lay next to each other on a brown couch.", "Two large dogs sleeping on a large couch.  ", "Two dogs are laying on a couch ", "Two dogs sit on top of a couch. ", "A close up of two dogs sleeping on a couch."]
["The white polar bear is standing near a tree branch. ", "White polar bear standing on top of rocks in a zoo. ", "A bear that is standing on a rock.", "A polar bear standing on rocks near a tree.", "THIS IS A PHOTO OF A POLAR BEAR INSIDE HIS ENCLOSURE"]
["A polar bear balancing on a barrel in the snow.", "A polar bear balancing on a blue barrel.", "A polar bear standing on top of a blue barrel.", "A polar bear balances on a blue ball.", "A polar bear balances on top of a blue barrel. "]
["A polar bear sticks its head in another polar bear's butt.", "Two polar bears with snowy fur stand together in a wintry landscape.", "A couple of white polar bears covered in snow.", "A polar bear sniffing the butt of another bear.", "A polar bear buries its head under the rump of another polar bear."]
["A polar bear with snow on its fur sticking its tongue out.", "A white polar bear walking across snow covered ground.", "A snow covered polar bear sticks out its tongue.", "A polar bear covered in snow sticks out his tongue.", "a polar bear sticking its black tongue out"]
["A young boy holding a frisbee in one hand against his cheek. ", "a small boy in a blue shirt and a red frisbee", "A boy getting his picture taken with his Frisbee.", "A man is holding a Frisbee up to his face.", "A young boy holding a Frisbee to his face."]
["two polar bears playing with each other ", "Two polar bears are playing with their mouths open", "Two Polar bears biting towards each other's face.", "Two polar bears are playing on the ice. ", "Two polar bears putting their faces close to each other. "]
["The big grey bear is staring at something", "A bear that is standing in front of a rock. ", "a big bear that is staring at a camera", "A grizzle bear with an indifferent look while in the wild.", "A bear looking forward in a forest. "]
["A polar bear is walking on snow and has one paw up in the air.", "A lone polar bear makes its way across the ice at sunset.", "a bear that is walking on a snow field", "A lone polar bear walking across a frozen landscape.", "a polar bear walking around on the snow "]
["A black bear with a white marking on its chest.", "a bear on a dirt ground near a fallen branch", "Bear on back feet growling in direction of the camera", "A black bear standing on top of a log.", "A bear that is sitting on a small log."]
["A pair of grizzly bears mating with each other", "Two brown bears romp and play with each other.", "There is an image of a bear jumping on another bear.", "A bear biting the neck of another bear.", "Two brown bears, one bear climbing over the larger of the two."]
["A polar bear is standing on hind legs near another sitting polar bear.", "two white polar bears are playing in the snow", "I hope the bears are not getting ready to have a fight.", "A couple of polar bears sitting and laying next to each other.", "Two big polar bears playing in a lot if anow"]
["a big brown bear walking through some grass", "A bear wandering through some tall grass by a paved trail.", "a close up of a bear walking in a field ", "A big brown bear walking through a field of grass.", "A bear walking in the grass near a trail."]
["A couple of polar bears in a snowy field.", "Two polar bears in snowy area with small shrubs.", "There are two polar bears playing together in the snow", "Two polar bears are wrestling in a snowy field.", "Two large white polar bears playing in the snow."]
["A brown bear trying to open a picnic cooler. ", "A bear is shown trying to get into a man made object.", "a bear on rocks nad fallen branches ", "A brown bear is laying down on some rocks outdoors. ", "A large brown bear standing on top of a pile of rocks."]
["A large polar bear playing with two balls.", "A polar bear with a green ball and a yellow ball", "A close up of a polar bear playing with a ball.", "A polar bear swimming and playing with two balls", "A bear in the water with two balls."]
["A polar bear is playing with a ball in the water.", "A white polar bear plays with toys in the water.", "A polar bear playing in a body of water.", "a polar bear playing with a toy in the water", "The polar bear definitely wants to keep that ball."]
["A polar bear in the water at a zoo with two balls", "this is a white tiger in a swimming pool", "A polar bear swimming in the icy waters playing with a couple of colored balls.", "A polar-bear  playing with balls in the water.\n", "An adult polar bear playing in the water."]
["A large brown bear walking across a field.", "a bear walking on grass next to trees", "the brown bear walks infront of the viewing glass at a zoo.", "A gray bear in the park with grass and trees at the back", "A brown bear seen through the glass of its enclosure."]
["A mother polar bear leads her cubs through the snow.", "A group of polar bears walk across a snowy expanse.", "Three polar bears walk across a snowy field.", "Two polar bears walk across a snowy tundra. ", "An adult polar bear with two baby bears following on the snow."]
["Two brown bears are standing on the rocks. ", "Two brown bears walking away from the camera.", "Two large bears walking side by side in the desert.", "Two young bears are walking toward a rock wall. ", "A couple of bears that are standing on a rock."]
["A woman is stooped beside a fence, watching a polar bear.", "A zoo keeper keeps an eye on the polar bear in his cage", "a polor bear inside of an cage while a woman is looking at it. ", "A woman looking at a polar bear through the iron fence.", "a woman looking at the white bear in a park"]
["A dog hides underneath a bed with its face peeking out of the bed skirt.", "A dog peeking out from under a bed.", "A dog that is under a bed on the floor.", "A dog is peaking its head out from underneat a bed skirt.", "The small white dog is peeking out from under the bed."]
["A dog laying under a bed on top of a wooden floor.", "A puppy is peeking out from under a table cloth", "a white dog under a bed with its eye wide open", "a dog that is hiding under a bed", "A dog hiding underneath the dust ruffle of a bed."]
["A bear with its mouth open and swiping a paw at another bear.", "two brown bears next to each other on a patch of green grass", "A couple of brown bears reaching out towards each other.", "two brown bears playing with each other in the grass ", "Two bear cubs play in an animal enclosure."]
["A group of guys in a field holding discs.", "A group of men holding neon frisbees on a field.", "a group of people standing around a cage while holding frisbees", "A group of men with Frisbees pose for the camera.", "a Frisbee team dessed in black holding their Freebee's   "]
["Two guys one wearing a white shirt the other red trying to catch a Frisbee.", "Two men that are each trying to catch a Frisbee at the same time", "Two men playing friz bee in the sand.", "Two men jumping at the same time for a Frisbee.", "Two frisbee players are reaching up for a frisbee."]
["A group of people on a grass field together playing a game with a frisbee.", "a group of people jumping up to catch a frisbee", "People are in the grass playing with a frisbee.", "A group of men playing frisbee on a field.", "a large group of people with hats playing with a frisbee"]
["Boys on a sports field trying to catch the same frisbee.", "Two men jumping for the same Frisbee on a field.", "two men jumping up to try and grab a frisbee in the air ", "Two males playing a game of frisbee on a field.", "A couple of boys playing frisbee against each other."]
["Polar bear stand on edge of a slide", "A smiling polar bear standing on a wooden structure.", "A polar bear walking on something near cement blocks. ", "A polar bear on a ledge of some sort. ", "A white polar bear stands on a wooden thing."]
["Two brown grizzly bears are rearing up and fighting.", "Two bears standing on their hind legs and fighting", "Two bears in the woods fighting with each other.", "Two bears stand face to face looking fierce.", "Two brown bears standing on their hind legs in front of pine trees. "]
["Two ultimate Frisbee players jumping to contest a Frisbee.", "men on the field playing frisbee as others watch", "A couple of guys going after a white frisbee", "Some people in action on a field with a disc.", "Two people jump to catch a Frisbee while others watch."]
["A couple of men that are standing in the grass with a frisbee.", "A guy walking on a field holding a Frisbee.", "A man holds a Frisbee on a grassy field.", "A man standing in a field with a frisbee in his hand.", "A man holds onto a Frisbee during a game on a field. "]
["There are some female athletes playing frisbee together", "A couple of  young girls playing a game of frisbee.", "A group of girls celebrating  as they leave the field", "A woman in a black jersey catching a frisbee mid air.", "Teen girls celebrate on the field during a soccer game."]
["Two black bears standing next to each other.", "close up of two bears close to one another", "Two bears sit close together in their environment.", "Two young black and tan bears with a stick. ", "Two black bears in a park during the daytime."]
["A large white polar bear holding onto an object while floating in blue water.", "A polar bear is in the water holding on to a disk.", "A polar bear holding on to a toy in the water", "Polar bear hanging onto a floating device in water", "A polar bear in the water playing with a giant disc."]
["A polar bear with its head under the water", "A polar bear goes bobbing for fish at the zoo", "A polar bear dating into water from a rock.", "Polar bear dives into the water face first", "A large white polar bear swimming in a lake on it's head."]
["A woman looking at a polar bear through glass.", "A polar bear in a water tank posing for a picture the lade is going to take.", "a polar bear partly submerged in water ", "A large polar bear swimming in an exhibit at a zoo.", "A polar bear swimming up close to a photographer."]
["A zebra reaching its head into a car to lick a passengers legs.", "A zebra sticks his head in a car with passengers.", "A zebra has stuck its head into a car with a passenger.", "A zebra sticks his head into a car window and checks out a passenger.", "A zebra reaching into someones car with its head"]
["there are many people on this field playing with a frisbee", "A group of men and women outside on the grass playing games.", "A group of people playing Frisbee at a park.", "A group of people playing catch with a Frisbee in a grassy field.", "A group of people playing frisbee against each other."]
["A group of people, many wearing red shirts or vests are on a grassy area while a white Frisbee is in the air above their heads.", "People on teams in a park playing with a frisbee. ", "Many people are on the filed playing Frisbee. ", "Group of people running and playing in grassy field with trees", "a group of people play a game of frisbee in a park"]
["A brown dog flying through the air with a red frisbee in his mouth.", "A brown dog jumping in the air and catching a frisbee. ", "A dog jumping high in the air with a frisbee in its mouth.", "a dog jumping high in the air catching a frisbee in its mouth", "A dog leaping in the air to catch a frisbee"]
["Dog lying under desk next to chair in home setting.", "a dog laying on the floor between a chair a table ", "A tan old dog laying underneath a desk .", "A dog laying next to a wooden table curled up in a ball.", "A dog rests curled up under a desk, behind a chair."]
["A man throwing a frisbee to his friend standing in his yard.", "A person with a big dipper tatoo throwing a frisbee to a man in a yard.", "A person reaching out their hand towards a white frisbee.", "A person that is standing in grass with a frisbee.", "Frisbee barely thrown away from hand with intended target person."]
["A woman bathing her dog in the sink", "A woman is giving her dog a bath.", "A puppy being given a bath in the sink by a young woman.", "Lady enjoying bathing a dog in a small blue basin in a bathroom or kitchen.", "Girl washing a dog who is sitting in a bucketful of water in a sink."]
["A dog is laying in a chair in front of a book shelf. ", "An old dog lying in front of a bookcase.", "A large black dog laying next to a book shelf filled with books.", "A dog is lying on a cushion on a table.", "a black dog is resting on a brown cushion"]
["A dog gets its teeth brushed by a man.", "Man holding dog mouth open to brush teeth in tiled area", "A man cleaning a dogs teeth with a toothbrush.", "A picture of a man brushing his dog's teeth.", "A man is trying to brush the teeth of his dog. "]
["A man wearing a baseball hat tossing a frisbee.", "A man is throwing a frisbee in a sandy area.", "A man in a baseball cap throwing a frisbee. ", "A man about to throw a frisbee by the road.", "A man with a jacket posing to throw a frisbee outside. "]
["two children on a field of grass playing frisbee", "A young girl standing on top of a grass covered field.", "Little girl throwing a frisbee to another child on a field. ", "two children standing in the grass playing with a frisby", "THERE ARE PEPOPLE THAT ARE PLAYING IN THE FIELD "]
["A living room scene is shown with a man sleeping.", "A man asleep on his back on a sofa with an infant asleep on his stomach", "A man taking a nap on a couch in front of a flat screen TV.", "a man laying on a couch in a living room", "A man and a baby lying on the couch in a living room "]
["a big body of water with a freeze be next to it", "there is a orange frisbee being held in front of the ocean", "An orange Frisbee against a blue ocean background. ", "An orange Frisbee with the ocean and blue sky in the background.", "A very nice view of the ocean with an orange frisbee. "]
["A herd of zebra standing next to each other in a field.", "Some zebras graze on a field with trees and grass.", "A zebra wagging its tail as it eats some grass on the ground.", "Zebras are socializing in a pattern of three by three by one.", "The large group of zebras are grazing in the grassy field. "]
["A dog on a leash, relaxing on the ground.", "A brown and white dog on a leash.", "A dog wearing a harness while laying on the ground.", "A dog lies down and waits on sand at a beach.", "A droopy basset hound sits on the sand. "]
["A man tossing a frisbee standing on a stone path in the woods.", "A boy standing outside a porch is holding his head and hands up in the air and is ready to catch a frisbee.", "A man readies himself to catch a lightly tossed frisbee near a cabin.", "A person tossing a Frisbee in the air.", "A young man is throwing a frisbee up in the air and catching it between a house entryway with a railing and a garden area with steps."]
["A man standing in a  field holding a frisbee.", "A man holding a Frisbee stands in the middle of a lawn.", "A man is holding a pink Frisbee in the grass.", "A man with a red frisbee in a big grassy backyard.", "A man in the middle of a yard holding a frisbee."]
["A dog standing in front of a white frisbee at night.", "This is a darkened picture of a dog chasing a Frisbee. ", "A dog is jumping up as a Frisbee flies through the air. ", "a dog playing at night with a plate", "Dog displaying skills near disc in open grassy area."]
["A costumed mascot with a floppy ears and a tail holding up a disc in a sports arena.", "A mascot waving to the fans in the crowd.", "There is a person in a mascot costume waving at the crowd", "A person in a red dog costume with frisbees in front of a small audience.", "A person is dressed as a red dog holding a frisbee"]
["The dog is jumping to catch a white Frisbee with it's mouth. ", "A man standing next to a dog inside of a building.", "A dog leaps for a frisbee at a dog show.", "A dog jumping and catching a frisbee in it's mouth.", "Group of people taking photos at a dog show together. "]
["A group of people posing on sidewalk with a plaque.", "A group of people sitting together on some steps", "A group of friends sitting on a step pose with a sign", "A large group of people sitting down on the ground.", "A team photo with a trophy after a game."]
["Two zebras walking together with trees in the background.", "Two zebras walk through the green grass together.", "Two zebras are walking in front of some trees.", "Two zebra standing next to each other in a purple flower filled forest.", "Two zebra walk very near each other next to the woods."]
["A zebra displays its rear end and turns its head.", "A zebra showing his backside to the camera", "A back side view of a zebra looking back on a field.", "a picture of the back end of a zebra ", "a zebra stands in front of a big tree "]
["A bunch of statues that are standing on the ground.", "A group of statues of men riding horses.", "a  few statues of some men riding horses next to a fence", "a couple of horse statues that are outside", "A picture of bronze statues of racing horses. "]
["some zebras standing around a tree in a cage ", "Zebras are eating in a rocky place that looks like it may be in a zoo.", "Three Zebras standing around in their zoo habitat. ", "A group of zebras in a rocky area with trees in the background.", "Several zebras in a zoo enclosure nibble on grass."]
["A small herd of zebra standing next to each other.", "Two zebra are standing behind a sign that warns visitors not to feed animals.", "Two zebras standing behind a sign in the grass.", "The two zebras are standing behind the warning sign.", "A pair of zebras behind a sign that warns not to feed them."]
["A white horse looking out of a window at a building. ", "A horse looking out a window in a brick building ", "a horse at a window of a building ", "A white horse standing behind a window in a  brick building.", "A white horse that is looking out a second story window."]
["A white horse looking through the window of a tall brick building. ", "A brick building has a horse in the window.", "A white horse can be seen in the window of a brick building. ", "what looks like a white horse standing behind a second floor window ", "A view of a horse staring out a building window."]
["A horse and bug-gee is riding next to the buildings. ", "The horse carriage is driving down the street.", "A horse pulled carriage on a city street.", "A horse drawn carriage drives down a brick road past several historic buildings.", "a black horse is pulling some people in a cart and buildings"]
["a zebra standing in a field in under the shade of a near yb tree", "A zebra stands near a mound of dirt in a wooded area.", "A zebra standing in the shade of a tree", "A zebra in a field with a wooded area in the background.", "A zebra stands next to a pile of dirt."]
["Two zebra standing next to each other on a field.", "A zebra standing right behind another in the hay", "two zebra standing side by side next to some hay", "Two zebras standing in a grassy and dirt area next to a pile of grass clippings.", "A couple of zebra standing by a tree in the grass."]
["a small zebra on dirt ground near a tree", "A single zebra that is standing in an enclosure.", "A single zebra standing in a dirt field.", "A stripped animal is standing near a rock and a tree.", "A zebra is in a zoo habitat. "]
["A couple of rhino standing next to a tree.", "A couple of rhinos standing in a field near a zebra.", "Two rhinos that are standing in the dirt.", "Two rhinos and a zebra walking around near a tree ", "A zebra and two rhinos are standing near a large rock formation."]
["Boy holding skinny horse near jeep with tow hook.", "A man standing next to a horse and a truck.", "a man holding a horse in a rocky area", "a man that has a horse tied up ", "child with a brown horse in a desert type location"]
["a black and white zebra some rocks and plants", "A zebra that is walking past a big rock in his pen.", "A zebra walking past a large rock and green plants.", "A zebra that is walking in the dirt.", "a zebra walking through a natural looking habitat."]
["two zebras eating grass in a very big field.", "A zebra and its baby eating grass in a field.", "Two zebras grazing in an open grassy plain.", "The two zebras are facing the same direction as they eat grass.", "Two zebras grazing on a cloudy day. "]
["A large horse studding next to a baby horse.", "An adult horse and baby horse walking across a yard.", "Two brown horses walking in grassy area with building in background.", "A couple of animals that are in the grass.", "Horses walking through the yard toward a barn."]
["A mama and a baby horse are standing near one another in a field. ", "Two horses standing in an open field on a sunny day.", "A horse looks into the camera with another horse nearby. ", "Two horses standing in a grassy field with mountains in the background.", "Two horses are seen standing in a field."]
["A person reaching out to pet a horse with hills and fields in the background.", "A brown horse with flowing blonde hair standing on a dirt lot.", "A close-up of a man hating the horses face.", "A person pets the head of a horse. ", "A person petting a horse that has a blonde mane."]
["Close up of a brown horse looking into the camera, with a green field and mountain scenic as a backdrop.", "A brown horse standing in a field surrounded by mountains.", "A brown horse standing on top of a grass field.", "A large horse on  open a grass field.", "The ears of this horse are sticking straight up. "]
["A llama looks at the camera from a fenced in, grassy area.", "A camel and two horses in a farm enclosure. ", "The emu is sitting in the dirt near a metal fence. ", "Open range with cattle grazing and mountains in back drop.", "Animals are grazing in a fenced in field."]
["Dark hair lama or alpaca with farm and mountain background.", "A llama and two horses stand in a field in front of mountains. ", "A llama sitares a head in a field of green grass. ", "an alpaca standing in a field with horses", "An alert llama shares a paddock with two horses."]
["A bunch of horses with jockeys in a race on a track.", "Their are horses racing and one horse is far ahead", "Several horses racing by with jockeys pushing them to go faster", "a fake person watching a fake horse race", "a number of horses racing on a track"]
["A white horse walking in the grass near trees.", "A horse standing in the middle of a field.", "An horse standing in a field with a forest in the background.", "a horse grazing in an open grassy field", "A horse in a pasture by the mountains  "]
["Three pedestal plates holding oranges on a table.", "Display of ornamental vases and figurines with oranges stacked on stands.", "A table set with oranges, figurines and vases. ", "Three different holders with oranges near some unique nick knacks. ", "A group of oranges on plates in front of Oriental Statues."]
["A yellow plate topped with bread and slices of fruit.", "A yellow plate has fruit and bread on it. ", "Eggs toast and healthy fruits are on a plate.", "a plate with some bread fruits and vegetables on it ", "A plate with an omelet, bread, oranges, apples and tomatoes on it."]
["a glove that has a bunch of baseballs in it", "A worn baseball glove with seven baseball in it.", "a large number of baseballs sitting in a old mitt.", "A baseball glove full of dirty used baseballs.", "A baseball glove holds a large number of balls."]
["Bananas sitting on top of apples, pears, and other fruits.", "A large plate topped with lots of fresh fruit.", "A platter full of bananas, apples, oranges, peaches, pears and limes.", "there is a large platter of fruit on the table", "A tray heaped with fruit including banans apples oranges and limes."]
["a pitcher throwing a ball towards a batter during a Dodgers game ", "Three baseballs players and two referees are playing and officiating a baseball game.", "A professional baseball game going on in a baseball field. ", "A baseball player holding a bat while standing next to a base.", "a man that is standing up at home plate"]
["The wooden plate has a banana, peaches, and a green apple.", "A wooden bowl with some fruit in it", "some bananas peaches apricots and and apple ", "A plate filled with fruits while sitting on a table. ", "Various fruits in a bowl on a table. "]
["A man riding a board on top of a pile of snow.", "A skier jumping off of a ramp in snow.", "Skier in orange pants jumping a small jump.", "Skier flying off a ramp built of snow by a building", "A skier in mid air jumping a ramp in the snow."]
["Two slices of bananas next to ice cream on a plate.", "a close up of a plate of food with bananas and ice cream", "The plate has a scoop of ice cream between two banana slices.", "A banana desert served with some ice cream.  ", "A plate with bananas, ice cream and soda on it."]
["a person jumping a jet ski in the air", "a man riding a jetski in the ocean.", "A single rider performs a somersault on a jet ski.", "a person on a water ski boat jumping in the air in the boat.", "A jet ski rider does a flip in the ocean"]
["A man captured in every aspect of delivering a baseball from a mound.", "a digitally manipulated picture with multiple images of a baseball pitcher ", "A time lapse image of a guy throwing a baseball.", "Time lapse photography shows the different stages in a pitcher's throw.", "A unique shot of the same baseball player, fixing to throw his pitch. "]
["vendors standing at fruit stands at outdoor market.", "Men sell oranges in a street market place.", "Two men are shopping at the outside fruit market.", "A long row of bins filled with fruit on display.", "Men standing next to a display of fruits for sale."]
["A woman holding a tray of bananas over the top of her head.", "A young lady with a tray of bananas on her head", "Child wearing a yellow dotted top with a bowl on her head.", "a smiling woman carrying a plate of bananas on her head", "Young lady carrying plate of bananas on her head."]
["Bunches of bananas for sale at an outdoor market", "There are many bananas layer across this table at a farmers market", "intricately displayed bananas at an outside farmers market", "A person at a table filled with bananas.", "A table of displayed bananas at a street market."]
["Some green bananas are hanging from a metal bowl.", "A bowl containing fruit is on a counter. ", "bananas, limes, kiwi and lemon in a steel bowl", "A bundle of green bananas is hung over a bowl of fruit.", "A variety of fruit sitting on a table "]
["The bushels of bananas on display are purple.", "some purple bananas sitting between apples and some squash", "some purple bananas and other fruits are together", "A pile of black bananas and other fruit ", "Assorted fruit on display at a fruit market."]
["Fans observing a baseball game in process. ", "a base runner rests with his hands on his hips as the catcher makes his way back toward the plate from the infield.", "A baseball player at third plate and a catcher walking back to home base.", "A team of baseball players playing a game of baseball.", "Members of opposing baseball teams are on a baseball field as the spectators sit in the grandstand."]
["A plate topped with meat, vegetables and beans.", "A healthy meal of chicken, beans and various vegetables.", "A plate with veggies, chicken and black beans", "This is a very healthy dish made up of meat and vegetables.", "a zoomed image of a plate of ethnic food"]
["Two monkeys, one with a banana at a tourist stop", "The monkeys are eating bananas near the car.", "The monkey is sitting and enjoying his banana.", "two monkeys sitting in a park peeling and eating bananas.", "Monkeys sitting in front of a parked car eating bananas. "]
["Two skiiers are riding on a ski lift", "Two people riding the lifts at a ski resort.", "Two people with skis ride a ski-lift on a snowy day.", "a couple of people ride on a ski life ", "A couple of people taking a ski run up to the top of the mountain."]
["A man that is holding a tray with vegetables inside of it.", "A man sitting and smiling,holding a blue container of vegetables.", "A man is holding a bed pan full of fruits and vegetables.", "A man with a beard holding a bin of fruit and vegetables.", "A man is happily holding a lot of vegetables."]
["A tray of chicken with sauce on it and some broccoli.", "A carry out container of chicken and broccoli.", "A plastic container of food including chicken and broccoli. ", "A big bowl of teriyaki chicken and broccoli", "Black tray with me investable sitting on top of the table. "]
["A white plate topped with a cheesy green pizza.", "food in a bowl sitting on a table", "A pizza on a white plate on a wooden table.", "A plate with a pizza on a dining table", "A spinach and cheese pizza with tomato sauce on a plate. "]
["A plate of chicken with herbs and steamed broccoli.", "A couple of pieces of chicken next to some broccoli on a plate.", "Baked chicken sits on a plate steaming next to cut broccoli. ", "A plate topped with two pieces of meat and broccoli.", "Two pieces of meat and broccoli on a plate"]
["A plate that has different types of food on a table.", "A plate holds meat, potatoes, and a vegetable mix. ", "Meal of meat, potatoes, and vegetables on a white plate.", "well cooked potatoes and a fish fillet on a plate", "A plate contains potatoes, vegetables, and a meat of some kind."]
["a close up of a plate of food like peas and broccoli ", "Peas, carrots and broccoli sit together next to a bottle of water. ", "A dish made of carrots, peas, and broccoli. ", "A close up of peas, carrots, and broccoli.", "Peas, shoestring carrots, and broccoli in a pile."]
["A bowl fulled of vegetables sitting on top of a counter.", "There is a bowl of vegetables that include peas, carrots and broccoli.", "A salad bowl full of broccoli, carrots, peas, and kidney beans.", "A giant vegetable salad is sitting on a table top.", "a bowl filled with different kinds of vegetables. "]
["The baseball pitcher has wound up his arm to pitch that ball.", "A baseball player throwing a pitch onto the field", "A baseball pitcher in the act of making a throw.", "A baseball player is preparing to pitch the ball. ", "A professional baseball player pitching a ball at a game."]
["A pizza with lots of different topping son it.", "Beef, vegetables, and tofu cooking in a broth", "A serving of stir fried mixed vegetables and meat.", "an arrangement of vegetables cooked and standing together on a platter", "A mixture of cooked vegetables, including broccoli, mushrooms, and peppers."]
["A pile of stir fried meat and vegetables covered in a sauce.", "A plate full of beef with broccoli and carrots", "The meal consists of beef, brocolli, and other vegetables.", "Close up of food that includes beef, carrots and broccoli.", "a juicy salad with broccoli and peppers up close"]
["A baseball batter takes a mighty swing as the catcher and umpire look on.", "A baseball player at home plate taking a swing at the ball.", "A batter swinging a bat with the catcher and umpire behind him.", "A baseball player swinging a bat during a game. ", "The umpire stands over a baseball catcher as the batter swings."]
["Baseball player swinging at an approaching ball with catcher at the ready.", "BATTER SWINGS AT THE BALL, WITH REFEREE KNEELING BEHIND", "A batter swings his bat at a baseball. ", "An umpire, catcher and batter take their places on a baseball diamond near home plate.", "Met player swings at a fast ball "]
["A baseball player holding a bat near a base.", "The man is hitting the baseball during the game. ", "A baseball player just took a swing at a pitch and missed", "a man in the batters box swings at a pitch", "Looking down at the action on a baseball field during a game"]
["a large pizza is in a cardboard box", "Adults expressing feelings toward baked pizza in box.", "A person giving the middle finger to a box of pizza.", "This man is pointing at a fresh pizza", "He points at the pizza in the pizza box using his middle fingers."]
["A child baseball player tries to hit the ball", "A young baseball player has just hit the ball at home plate.", "A little league batter swings while a catcher holds out his glove. ", "boy swinging bat with catcher kneeling on ground behind him", "A baseball player swinging his bat during a game."]
["A baseball player standing in the outfield waiting for a play.", "Black and white photograph of man on baseball field.", "A baseball player standing on a field wearing a catchers mitt.", "A black and white photo of a baseball player", "A young male baseball player on a field."]
["Person with cross-country skies and poles standing in the middle of a trail.", "A person riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A skiers comes down a slope in a trail in the woods.", "A skier with a red coat in front of trees.", "A person on skis standing on a snow covered slope in front of trees."]
["An unfrosted cake in a metal pan with green spots on top.", "A baked loaf of bread is shown still in the pan.", "Some type of corn bread in a baking pan.", "A large, cake with no icing has some green accents and sits inside a grey pan.", "A loaf of bread with something green baked in."]
["These broccoli are bright green and laying before dark green broccoli.", "Closeup of pieces of broccoli on a cutting board.", "This is some light green and dark green flowery veg", "A cutting board with several heads of broccoli", "A pile of green vegetables on top of a counter."]
["Some type of bread that is cut in half", "The piece of quick bread is on the cutting board.", "A large cake loaf sitting on top of a wooden table.", "A loaf of sliced broccoli bread on a wooden board.", "A half loaf of zucchini bread is left for the takings."]
["This Asian dish has both meat and broccoli", "A juicy plate stir fry food with brocoli", "Mixed stir fry on a plate with yellow coloring.", "A yellow plate topped with broccoli and chicken.", "a plate with some meat and vegetable on top of it "]
["A platter filled with cooked food and broccoli.", "A dish of broccoli with peanut sauce, on a restaurant table.", "Satay with peanut sauce and broccoli being enjoyed", "Broccoli covered in orange-colored sauce sits on a serving platter.", "Chicken with sauce and broccoli is served in a serving dish."]
["BASEBALL DIAMOND WITH PITCHER ON MOUND READY TO THROW THE BALL", "A man pitching a baseball in a baseball field. ", "A baseball player is about to throw his pitch. ", "A baseball player that is standing in the dirt.", "A baseball player is preparing to throw a ball."]
["Two baseball players and an umpire on a baseball field. ", "A man getting ready to hit a baseball, at a game.", "A baseball player holding a bat next to home plate.", "Home base of baseball field with an umpire and catcher squatting down, and  a hitter bent legged, holding a bat against shoulder.", "a man that is standing at home plate on a baseball field"]
["Someone jumping in the air on their snowboard at the ski slope. ", "A  person on a snowboard doing tricks down a snowy slope.", "a man is jumping off a snowy hill", "a man jumping down part of a hill with a snowboard ", "A person on a snowboard is performing a trick."]
["A display in a grocery store filled with broccoli and peppers.", "Assortment of vegetable displayed at outdoor open air market.", "a large basket filled with vegetables for sale", "A market with vegetables and produce, including broccoli and red peppers.", "a number of fruits in plastic crates "]
["close up of a plant with large, gray leaves", "A plant with large grey leaves with a green middle.", "Green leaves surround the stigma of a plant", "The flower bud of a cabbage plant is emerging.", "The center of a plant with lots of leaves."]
["A knife with an apple engaged in it next to an apple computer", "An apple, the fruit, sits in front of an apple computer.", "An apple is on the table with an apple computer.", "An apple is slit by a bloody knife in front of an Apple device.", "An apple has a knife in it in front of a laptop."]
["A closeup of vegetables that include broccoli and onion.", "A pictture of cooked squash, broccolli, mushrooms, onions and another vegetable.", "A group of vegetables including broccoli and potatoes.", "A closeup of a salad containing broccoli and mushrooms.", "Broccoli, mushrooms, squash and onions on a kabob."]
["A boy standing on a sidewalk by a skateboard.", "A skateboarder comes off his board while skating.", "there is a young boy that is standing between some trees", "a person with a skate board near a tree ", "A man standing next to a skateboard on a sidewalk."]
["A blanket that has different types of food.", "there are two containers that have different foods in it", "A sandwich in a container and apple on a blanket.", "A boiled egg, bread and an apple all in some containers.", "This is a picture of a picnic with an egg, bread, an apple, and more."]
["A woman riding a skateboard down a sidewalk in front of a building.", "A young woman skateboarding down a city street", "The skateboarder rides alone down the crowded sidewalk.", "a person skateboarding down a busy sidewalk ", "A person skateboarding on a sidewalk at night."]
["Small plate of food with mixed vegetables and meat. ", "A dinner plate with chicken, broccoli and corn.", "Goblet along with white plate with piece of meat, broccoli and corn.", "A white plate with a piece of steak next to broccoli and corn.", "A plate of food with some corn, broccoli, and meat on it."]
["A bowl of steamed broccoli sitting on a table.", "a large bowl full of broccoli on a table", "A white round bowl filled with steamed broccoli.", "A white bowl full of broccoli on a table.", "Cut green broccoli florets in a white serving bowl."]
["A man skiing alone on a snow capped plains", "A man kicking up a cloud of snow as he downhill skis.", "A skier is cutting through the snow as he makes his way downhill.", "A skier skiing down a mountain in white snow.", "A man is wearing sunglasses while skiing down a mountain."]
["A person in yellow pants and a blue shirt carries skis up a snowy mountain.", "A skier standing on top of a snow covered mountain.", "Someone with skis on his back walking up a snow covered mountain.", "A skiier is walking on a snowy mountain.", "Man climbing the side of a mountain ledge."]
["two people riding skate boards on a city street", "Two men roll down the middle of the road on skateboards.", "Two men are skateboarding around others walking on a street.", "Two men with Canada t-shirts on riding their skateboards in a street. ", "A couple of men riding skateboards down a street."]
["Person on skateboard performs a trick in an empty street", "The person is riding on their own skateboard.", "a man is doing a trick on a skateboard", "A boy is skateboarding and jumping off of the curb. ", "a person skateboarding in an empty parking lot"]
["a dried out tree with fruit hanging on it", "A tree is harvesting fruit on its limbs.", "An autumn tree has three pieces of fruit on it.", "Apples hanging from a tree that has hardly any leaves on it. ", "The apples are big and ready to be picked from the tree."]
["A skier in green pants heading down the slope", "a man wearing bright green pants and black coat skiing ", "a person turning while skiing down a snowy hill", "A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A person on skis going down a snow covered hill."]
["Steak sits on a plate with broccoli and mashed potatoes, next to a glass of water.", "A plate with vegetable, mashpotato and steak for dinner", "A plate filled with a big steak, broccoli, and mashed potato set on a table. ", "a plate of steak, broccoli, and mashed potatoes ", "a steak with mashed potatoes and broccoli next to a water glass"]
["A large plate is adorned with broccoli and a rather small piece of meat.", "A piece of meat on a white plate next to broccoli.", "Broccoli and cooked meat arranged on a plate.", "a plate of food on a table including broccoli", "Some steak and broccoli served on a plate."]
["A man riding a water ski kicking up waves.", "A man in red life jacket water skiing.", "A man water skiing while holding a ski rope.", "A man holding on tight as he skis on the water.", "A man on a water ski throwing up a wave behind him as he skis."]
["A cose of a restaurant meal consisting of steak potatoes and broccoli ", "A dinner plate containing steak with cream sauce, whipped potatoes and squash.", "A plate holds meat covered with gravy, squash, mashed potatoes, and broccoli.", "A plate of food containing vegetables and a fritter.", "A plate with chicken fried steak with gravy, mashed potatoes and vegetables."]
["Many people prefer a rare steak when eating out.", "this is a steak, broccoli and some bread", "Someone ordered a medium rare steak with some broccoli", "A steak dinner with a bowl of steamed broccoli, bread and butter, a bottle of beer and a bottle of wine.", "A plate on a table with steak, bread, and broccoli."]
["A plate of chicken and mushrooms next to vegetables.", "a white plate with broccoli  chicken and mushrooms", "A white plate topped with broccoli and chicken.", "A chicken dish is on a plate smothered in mushrooms next to broccoli florets.", "a plate full of vegetables and some chicken with mushrooms on it "]
["A white bowl filled with beef and broccoli soup.", "This is a vegetable and meat main dish.", "A soup in a large bowl features broccoli and pieces of meat.", "A soup dish with meat and vegetables in a bowl.", "a full bowl of beef and broccoli with a spoon"]
["a plate with a cooked dish and a spoon sitting on a table", "A white plate topped with broccoli and beef.", "a plate of food that is on a wooden table", "This Asian dish features meat and broccoli together", "The green vegetables offset the dark teriyaki beef in the stir fry."]
["A table topped with bowls filled with different vegetables.", "There are three bowls of greens on the counter in this kitchen.", "The table is spread with a variety of vegetables.", "Various green vegetables are placed in bowls on the kitchen counter", "A glass bowl of raw broccoli, a ceramic bowl of raw green chili peppers, and steel bowl of raw daikon."]
["A pot full of beef and broccoli stew. ", "A broccoli and beef dish with baby corn.", "A pot of food contains meats and vegetables", "Soup with broccoli  and meat cooking on a stove.", "Broccoli and meat in a large pot that is ready for serving. "]
["A young person posing for a picture while on skis. ", "A boy wearing a red and blue ski outfit gets ready to hit the slopes.", "a young boy on skis smiling at the camera in snow", "A young skier poses for a picture in the snow", "A young skier in a red jacket goes down hill"]
["A couple plates of food and a bowl on a table.", "Three plates of food sit on a checkered tablecloth", "a plate of broccoli a bowl of soup and a plate of meat", "A plate of broccoli sitting on a table with checkered tablecloth", "Several dishes are ready in plates and bowl on the table."]
["The skier in the orange coat is riding on a trail between the trees. ", "A man who is skiing down a snowy hill.", "Ski patrol skier going through a snowy and forested area.", "A person in an orange jacket skiing down a trail.", "A skier that is traveling through a wooded area on a snow covered trail."]
["Nordic skier, in full gear, making his way on a wind blown day.", "A person that is skiing down a path surrounded by trees.", "A person in red jacket skiing down a hill between trees.", "a person riding skis on a snowy surface", "A skier in a red jacket is near a thicket of trees in the snow."]
["there is a male skier that is going down hill in bad weather", "A man cross-country skiing through a marked course.", "A skier with a red backpack skis down a hill. ", "A man riding skis down a snow covered ski slope.", "a person with a backpack skiing by some trees "]
["An older skateboarder holds a long pole as he skates.", "A man on a skateboard holds a stick in his hands.", "A man holds a long baton as he skateboards.", "A man on a skateboard is holding a long wooden pole.", "Man on skateboard with long stick in front of slotted building"]
["A restaurant employee is serving food at a buffet.", "A man with red cap dishing up food in a deli", "A buffet styled restaurant without self service but a server.", "A person standing at a counter with some food.", "A man serving food to a woman from behind a glass counter."]
["A man sitting behind a large pile of vegetables.", "A bearded man is peering out from behind a large pile of vegetables.", "a man is standing behind a tray of veg tables, including carrots, turnips, cabbage and radishes ", "A man with a beard holds up a tray full of vegetables.", "there is a very large assortment of different vegetables"]
["A pile of vegetables on a green crate that is sitting on bed.", "A bunch of vegetables on top of a bin.", "A wide variety of vegetables resting on a plastic bin.", "A bowl of onions, green beans, and other vegetables,.", "A plastic bin that has various vegetables in it."]
["A man riding skis on top of a snow covered slope.", "a person in red is skiing down a hill", "a guy coming down the mountain on snow skis", "A person is walking up a snowy mountain.", "A man skis down a very snowy mountain."]
["a couple of people making their way through the snow ", "a snow skier and a person pushing a baby carriage", "Nordic skier and adult pushing baby carriage going in opposite directions.", "A person skiing by another on a big snowy hill.", "Man moves along snow on skis  while another pushes a cart"]
["Someone is going thumbs-up to a fresh chocolate cake. ", "A layered chocolate cake with decoration on top.", "Homemade cake with icing and flower on top with a thumbs up.", "a person giving the thumbs up sign besides a tall chocolate frosted cake on a glass dish", "A large chocolate cake and a hand giving the \"thumbs up\" gesture. "]
["A woman in a white dress standing over a multi layered cake.", "A couple holding a knife and cutting their wedding cake together.", "A bride and groom getting ready to cut their wedding cake.", "a woman in white is cutting into a cake", "A bride and groom prepare to cut their wedding cake."]
["Person perfecting their flip on water ski board.", "Person doing tricks on water skis on a nice day.", "A person is doing a flip with his surf board in the water. ", "A waterskiing man performing a flip on his waterboard", "A person with a water board doing a flip."]
["The wake boarder surfs through the waves on a cloudy day.", "A man is being pulled by a boat on a bird", "A person on some jet skis riding on the water.", "A person on a surfboard in the water.", "Water skier being pulled behind on large lake."]
["A man flies high in the air while windsurfing.", "A man riding a kiteboard over a body of water.", "Where is surfing but he looks to be attached to something else.", "A man para glides on the water near land. ", "Someone riding waves on a wave board in the lake"]
["A woman riding a water ski while being towed by a boat.", "A woman is on the water on water skis.", "Woman waterskiing on one ski near a beach.", "A woman on a ski being pulled in the water.", "A woman holds onto a line and skis over a body of water."]
["half of a birthday cake with an angel decoration on the top of it ", "A cake has frosting designs including a winged person.", "a creamy cake for a kid cut with a knife", "A cake with an angel girl on it has been cut. ", "The cake with an angel on the icing is cut diagnolly in half."]
["The child is cutting the birthday cake with a knife.", "A young kid cutting into a Star Wars cake. ", "A young boy is cutting a Star Wars theme cake with a knife.", "A young boy cutting a Star Wars themed cake.", "A small boy cutting into his Star Wars themed birthday cake."]
["a person skiing down part of a hill in front of some rocks and trees ", "A man with glasses and a helmet on skiing down the snowy slope.", "A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A skier makes his way down the hill in front of rocks.  ", "A skilled athlete freestyle skis down a steep incline. "]
["The skier in the helmet moves through thick snow.", "there is a male skier riding down a hill", "A person coming down the mountain on a pair of skis.", "A man on skis that is standing in the snow.", "A man is skiing down a steep ski slope. "]
["a skier, dressed warmly slides down a slope.", "A person in yellow pants skiing down a mountain", "a skier wearing bright green snow pants and blue coat skiing", "A skier in a black and lime green suit skiing downhill.", "A skier skiing downhill on a rocky edge."]
["A group of young people wearing ski equipment while standing on a snow covered ski slope.", "an image of a group of people on a snow mountain", "There is a group of skiers standing in a line", "A GROUP PHOTO OF PEOPLE ON THE SNOW SIDE ", "a group of people riding skis on a snowy surface"]
["A man holding up a cardboard sign next to a woman.", "a man holds a sign made out of card board", "A man holds up a sign on cardboard.", "A man is sitting on a chair holding a sign up", "A bearded man holding a sign near a railing."]
["A man riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.", "an image of a man on top of a  snow mountain on snow board", "A snowboarder is riding swiftly through snowy hills.", "a person riding a snow board on a snowy surface", "Person in white and black snow boarding down a hill toward the camera."]
["A couple of people walking up the side of a snow covered mountain.", "A couple of people hiking up a hill with snowboards.", "Two people carrying snowboards on a mountain slope. ", "Snowboarders walk up the mountain with their boards on their backs.", "Two people walking on a snow covered slope holding snowboards."]
["Three men standing on a mountain holding a snowboard.", "A group of guys posing for a picture while holding onto a snow board.", "A group of three men are on a mountaintop with a snowboard.", "Three people in the snow posing for a picture.", "Three men posing for a picture with a snow board in one of the mans hands "]
["A man taking a large bite from a sausage sandwich.", "Man about to eat a large hotdog covered in condiments", "A man taking a bite of a hot dog.", "A person that is eating a lot of food.", "A close up of a man eating a hot dog."]
["A man riding down the side of a ski slope on a board.", "A man bends over in the snow in sight of a mountain range.", "A snowboarder is doing a trick in the snow.", "A person jumping with a snowboard holding the edge.", "Person kneeling and acting silly in the snowy mountains"]
["A chili cheese dog sitting next to chili cheese fries.", "Two papers display two different sloppy food dishes.", "A chili dog with the works and a cup of chili fries in paper.", "The hotdog and the side of fries are both covered in chili.", "Prepared chili dog and chili fries  on a tray"]
["a man flying through the air while riding a snowboard.", "a snowboarder wearing a gray and black jacket is doing a trick", "A man is jumping a snowboard off of a ramp.", "a snowboarder in a hat jumps his swowbaord", "A man flys through the air on a snowboard"]
["A person on a snowboard in the snow.", "A man riding a snowboard into the air over a ramp.", "a person in ski gear skiing on the snow", "A person with a snowboard is jumping over an obstacle.", "A person stands on a snowboard on a slope. "]
["A man with a skateboard poses near an outdoor stairwell.", "A man poses while holding a skateboard to the ground. ", "A young man with black cap holding a skateboard", "a man holding a skateboard on a city sidewalk", "Young male skateboarder displaying the design on his board. "]
["A man riding a snow board on top of a snow covered slope.", "A snowboarder sits in the snow at the top of a mountain.", "A person with a snowboard, sitting in the snow.", "A person is sitting in the snow on a snowboard near a ski lift.", "A person wearing a snow board sitting in the snow."]
["A motion blur of a person riding a skateboard on the street.", "a kid is getting on his skateboard and riding off", "A photo is altered showing a skate boarder skating down the street.", "A person skateboarding on the road at night.", "A bunch of images of a man on a skateboard."]
["A young boy riding a skateboard next to a graffiti covered building.", "A man in a purple shirt doing a trick on his skateboard.", "A kid jumping off his skateboard next to a wall.", "a person jumping a skate board in the air", "A young man skateboarding and doing some tricks in the air. "]
["A man is doing a trick with a skate board.", "A boy skateboarding and doing a trick where he flips the skateboard.", "A child and a skateboard are captured in stop-motion", "A man performing a skateboarding move in the air.", "A boy wearing red shoes doing tricks on a his skate board."]
["A snowboarder is in the middle of a jump through the air. ", "View from below of a person on snowboard in air against sky.", "A person on a snowboard who is performing a jump.", "A person performing a trick on a snowboard. ", "the person is on a snowboard flying over the mountain"]
["A snowboarder in mid air after a jump ", "there is a snowboarder that is doing a trick in the air", "A person on a snowboard jumping off a small hill. ", "Someone doing a trick on their snow board at a ski slope", "A snow boarder performs a jump on a ski slope."]
["A plate with cross cut french fries and a large chicken sandwich.", "A big burger is served with a side of waffle fries.", "A huge chicken sandwich waffle fries are ready to be eaten. ", "A chicken sandwich and fries on a plate.", "A white plate topped with a burger and criss cut fries."]
["A group of people standing on top of a snow covered ski slope.", "Several people with skis and snowboards boarding a helicopter.", "A helicopter is on a mountain with skiers.", "Ski patrol with helicopter at accident on steep ski slope.", "Many people are out skiing next to a small plane. "]
["a hot dog in a bun covered with mustard sitting in a small container", "A very tasty looking hot dog with mustard on it.", "A closeup shot of a hotdog with a small cup of ketchup", "A hot dog with mustard and a bun next to a ketchup cup.", "A hotdog with mustard and a container of catsup in the background"]
["a sandwich laying on paper and on a table ", "A roll that is stuffed with types of food sits on the wooden table.", "There is sandwich roll with meat and onions.", "Some sort of sandwich on a napkin next to a plate and glass cup", "A sandwich filled with meat and lettuce on top of a wooden table."]
["A small sandwich is sitting on the wrapper on the table.", "A sandwich on a long bun is sitting on some paper.", "A sub sandwich sitting in a white paper wrapper.", "A hot dog with a variety of toppings on a piece of parchment paper.", "A sub sandwich that has a lot of toppings. "]
["A long haired snowboarder poses standing with his board.", "A young man posing with a snow board.", "a male in a jersey holding a snow board.", "a young man holds a snow board ", "A man holding a white snow board by some other kids"]
["A half eaten doughnut sitting in the middle of a street.", "a half of a donut is sitting on a painted yellow stripe", "A half eaten doughnut in the middle of the street.", "i don't even see a picture on thie hit", "Half a donut lying on the yellow line of a street."]
["A woman eating a chili dog during the day.", "a woman is holding a hotdog up to her face", "A woman with glasses eating a hot dog.", "A woman eats a hot dog with relish on it.", "A girl preparing to eat a hot dog."]
["A woman in glasses eating a chili dog with umbrellas behind her.", "A close up of a woman eating a hot dog outside.", "A woman taking a bite of a chili hot dog.", "A glasses wearing woman with a hotdog sandwich to her mouth.", "A woman in glasses taking a bite of a chili dog."]
["A guy eats a sandwich while sitting on a dock.", "A man near a pier eating a hot dog. ", "A young man eating a hot dog next to a waterway.", "A man eats a hotdog as he sits on a dock.", "A man sitting on a dock eating a hot dog."]
["A box filled with six donuts of assorted flavors.", "a person holding a box of doughnuts on a table", "A half dozen assorted doughnuts in an open box", "Six cake donuts, two glazed, two chocolate, two with sprinkles.", "Half a dozen glazed and chocolate donuts in a box."]
["A man leaping off the side of a cliff while skiing.", "A skier takes a jump on the ski slope.", "A skier jumping off a rocky and snowing cliff.", "A man does a ski trick off a snowy ledge", "A skier doing stunts in the air near a cliff."]
["A sandwich with a pickle in a container.", "A Chicago style hotdog with the works sitting on a table.", "A hot dog on top of a bun covered in toppings.", "A huge sandwich enclosed in a styrofoam container.", "The lunch looks amazing and very colorful "]
["A BOY TAKING A BITE OUT OF A HOT DOG", "A blond boy in a crew cut takes a bite out of a hotdog. ", "A young man opens his mouth wide to engulf a hot dog on a bun.", "A young man sitting at a table eating a hotdog.", "Young boy consuming food at outdoor seating area."]
["A guy on a snow board up in the air.", "A person on a snowboard jumping in the air.", "A person on a snow board in the air.", "a man in a helmet jumps a snowboard", "A snowboarder in mid-air with another person watching in the background."]
["A tray of black and white sprinkled doughnuts ", "Black and white photo of two layers of sprinkled donuts", "A tray with eighteen sprinkled vanilla and chocolate doughnuts.", "A bunch of different types of donuts on a tray.", "Black and white donuts with sprinkles are stacked on a rack. "]
["An arrangement of donuts and other food sits on a table.", "A plate of donuts, silverware and glasses are on the table.", "various plates of food are sitting on the table", "A table set with plates, silverware, and glasses.", "A bowl on a table is filled with fruit. "]
["A man enjoying a bite of fresh pizza in a pizzeria", "A man eating next to a partially eaten pizza.", "A man eats some of a very large pizza", "A man is eating a big pizza which both halves have different toppings. ", "a man sitting in front of  a partially eaten pizza on a silver tray and eating a slice of pizza."]
["A kid eating a doughnut at a table.", "A small child is enjoying a donut at the table.", "A little blonde girl is eating a cupcake with chocolate frosting.", "The child is eating a chocolate covered donut at the table.", "A little girl setting at a table eating a pastry."]
["A couple of donuts sitting on top of a tray next to a cup of coffee.", "Two donuts on a tray with some coffee. ", "A couple of doughnuts and a coffee cup.", "two decorated doughnuts sitting on wrappers next to a cup of coffee", "a brown tray donuts and a drink and paper wrappers"]
["An amateur snowboarder attempting a small practice jump in his off time.", "A snowboarder jumping a hill on a snowy mountain.", "A snow boarder is in mid air going down a mountain.", "Man doing tricks after jumping on ski slope", "a man that is on a snowboard on a side of a hill"]
["A snow boarder riding down a snow covered summit.", "A person struggling to get through deep snow .", "A man is struggling to climb up a snow covered mountain.", "A person slides down a steep, snowy mountain.", "A person climbing up a snow covered mountain."]
["Tow bread items and a red sauce sit on a plate.", "A thin sandwich cut in half and sitting on a plate.", "A plate with grilled sandwich halves and sauce on the side.", "some food on a plate and some dipping sauce in a bowl", "Two sandwich slices that are on a plate."]
["A person on a snow board high up in the air.", "Man in black and white doing a jump on a snowboard.", "A person jumping high up into the air on a snowboard.", "A snowboarder is jumping in the air with their board held to the side.", "A snowboarder is mid air on a clear day."]
["A young boy beside a donut with white frosting and sprinkles.", "A kid sitting at a table with a donut with icing.", "A child has a doughnut with sprinkles. ", "A young boy who has a doughnut with red sprinkles.", "A boy looks at the package his donut came in."]
["A plate of donuts on a white plate rests on a counter.", "A plate of doughnuts sitting on a counter.", "A marble table holding a white plate of donuts.", "A plate full of donuts sitting on a counter beside a pair of scissors.", "A plate of donuts sits atop a brown counter-top. "]
["The bottom half of a tennis player holding a racket.", "A person stands with a tennis racket with balls on the ground.", "A man in a raincoat on a tennis court with a racket in his hand. ", "a tennis player with a racket on a court ", "A person wearing a rain jacket and no pants on a tennis court."]
["a women that is eating some kind of sandwich", "A nerd holding a piece of food up to her mouth.", "A young woman is eating food with her hand.", "there is a woman with glasses eating a donut", "a close up of a person eating a doughnut"]
["a man with a helmet is touching some food", "A man in a motorcycle helmet takes a pastry from a glass tray.", "women carrying large trays of doughnuts and giving them out on the street ", "A policeman getting donut holes off of a tray that someone is holding ", "A police officer eating a couple of donuts off a huge tray of them"]
["A display case displays various types of deserts.", "A large selection of pastries and snacks inside of a glass case.", "A bunch of doughnuts that are sitting in a glass case.", "A display case in a  bakers filled with lots of sweet treats.", "A store display of doughnuts and other pastries is pictured."]
["A man with a nose ring taking a bite out of a burger.", "A dude with a nose ring taking a bite out of a pastry.", "A man with nose ring enjoying a donut.", "Man with nose ring biting into something while making an ugly face.", "A man taking a bite of the doughnut.  "]
["an image of a group of people that are on a boat", "A group of women on a surfboard in a lake.", "A group of people play in a body of water.", "a group of people playing in a body of water.", "Teenagers frolick on surfboards and jump off into a lake."]
["A hand is lifting up the top bread of a sub sandwich.", "A sandwich has lettuce, tomato, as well as other items.", "There is a bacon, lettuce and tomato sandwich.", "a person that is reaching for a sandwich", "A sandwich with lettuce and tomatoes on a table."]
["A man opens his mouth wide and holds a piece of food.", "A man sitting on the couch while eating something.", "A man prepares to eat a bit of a type of food", "A man in a green hat is eating a doughnut.", "A man wearing a green hat and eating some food."]
["A man in a blue jersey running towards a basketball.", "A bunch of guys chasing a basketball on the court", "an image of a professional college game being played", "a basketball player jumping up while playing the game ", "An action shot of a basketball game with one player leaping in the air"]
["The basketball players are playing in a game", "Two basketball players reach up for the hoop.", "A number of basketball players engaged in competitive play.", "Two basketball players jump to the hoop to block another from scoring.", "A group of basket ball players jumping into the air."]
["A group of men standing next to each other without a shirt.", "Several shirtless men with towels wrapped around their waist", "A row of men stand on sand while wearing different swimming suits.", "A group of shirtless men in a photograph", "A group of men in bathing suits are on a poster."]
["A woman wearing a hat bites into a pastry.", "A girl eating a donut out of a bag", "a woman eating a powdered sugar pastry out of a bag ", "A woman eating a pastry at a coffee shop.", "The woman in the hat is taking a bite of a pastry. "]
["A vendor covered by a tent near a van.", "A surfboard advertising offerings as people check them out.", "people that are under a tent with a surfboard", "a tented area under which people are selling coffee products out of the back of a van", "A tent with people waiting underneath it behind a van."]
["A man riding a surfboard on top of a river.", "A person is riding a surfboard in a narrow waterway.", "a man in a wet suit is surfing in a canal", "A man is surfing in a waterway while another watches and a man is down.", "Two men are surfing down a rough stream."]
["A group of friends is posing on the beach with their surfboards.", "A couple of people that are holding some surfboards.", "A group of men and women posing next to surfboards.", "A group of men and women standing next to surfboards.", "A group of surfers pose for a photo by their surf boards.", "A group of teenagers are on the beach with surfboards."]
["a plate holding a sandwich on a bun next to some short little french fries ", "a plate with some potatoes and egg sandwich on it ", "The plate is full of fried potatoes and a sandwich. ", "Breakfast sandwich with hash browns and ketchup sitting on plate. ", "The sandwich, other food, and fork sit on the plate."]
["A sandwich filled with meat and mustard.sitting on top of a plate.", "a close up of a sandwich on a plate ", "The sandwich is on wax paper on a tin foil plate. ", "a sandiwch with some fried onions mixed in with the meat", "A corned beef sandwich on a bulkie roll"]
["A rectangular pizza with an egg on top.", "There is a pizza with cheese and olives on it.", "A square shaped pizza with olives on it is over baked. ", "A rectangular pizza with cheese and olives sprinkled over it.", "A pizza that appears to be burned and has olives on it."]
["a table filled with some laptops and some pizza", "A person with a laptop at a table.", "A woman sitting at a  table with a slice of pizza.", "a women that is sitting at a ktichen table", "A woman sitting next to a table that has laptops and food on it. "]
["A man walking across a river holding a white surfboard.", "a shirtless male holding a white board some water and trees", "a shirtless man is walking into a river", "A lone person is wading in the water in the evening.", "A person walking through the water, in the middle a lake."]
["A man is surfboarding right up to the steep shoreline.  ", "A man riding a surfboard on a wave next to shore.", "Surfer riding a large wave next to a platform with people standing on it. ", "A man surfing near a beach with people watching.", "a crowd watching a man surf in some wild waves"]
["A woman kicks a soccer ball away from two opponents. ", "Three young girls are running after a soccer ball on the soccer field during a game.", "The soccer players are running after the ball.", "two girls soccer teams are playing soccer and player from each side fight for the ball.", "A young women chases the ball as other soccer players chase her."]
["A man in white jacket rowing a yellow surfboard on water.", "A man paddling a paddleboard on a lake.", "Man paddle boarding standing up wearing a coat and hat.", "A man is standing on a yellow surf board using a paddle.", "a man standing on a surfboard in the water while holding a paddle "]
["A person on a surfboard in the water.", "People standing by an inlet from the ocean while others are walking it with surf boards.", "A couple of guys are on their surf boards in the water. ", "People surfing in a body of water while groups of people waiting and looking on.", "A couple of people wading through a river neat to a beach."]
["A plate with a sandwich on a table ", "a close up of a sandwich on a plate", "A plate containing a sandwich and a salad.", "Two parts of sandwiches and a spinach salad sit on w white plate.", "A deli sandwich with a small salad on a white plate."]
["a sandwich in a plastic food basket on a table", "Sandwich and a lollipop in a bright orange serving tray sitting on a table.", "Two plastic baskets filled with food sitting on top of a table.", "On the table are a sandwich and a sucker.", "A sandwich sitting in a red basket cut in half"]
["A man in a wet suit leans over a blue and white surfboard.", "a person kneeling down in front of a surf board", "The man kneels on the ground attending to a surfboard.", "A man in a full wetsuit and no shoes applying wax to his surfboard o the street.", "A man is waxing his surfboard while seated in a parking lot."]
["a hand is holding a sandwich and a paper on the table", "That sandwich looks like it has grill marks on it.", "A person is holding their sandwich and their receipt is on the table.", "A photo of someone's sandwich with cheese and bacon.", "A left hand holding a toasted cheese sandwich over take-out paper"]
["Young men balance on a sinking surfboard in a calm lake.", "Four men in a lake attempting to stand up on a board together, with their hands raised in the air, and one man in the water.", "Four men are playing in a lake while two women are watching", "A group of young men riding a board on water.", "a bunch of people are plying in the water"]
["A person jumping on a surf board on a wave in the ocean.", "A surfer flying through the air after leaving a wave. ", "A man hitting a trick on a surfboard, in the water.", "A person wiping out on a surfboard on a wave.", "The man is surfing a wave in the ocean."]
["two people make a purchase at a bakery", "Two men at a bakery counter buying pastries.", "a woman at a counter checks out two customers ", "Men paying for their order at doughnut shop.", "There is a woman behind a counter of a donut shop and two men."]
["Many people wait on surfboards in the calm water for a wave.", "Surfers sitting on their boards in still water. ", "A group of people riding surfboards on the ocean.", "A man in black and grey wetsuit on a white surfboard.", "Several people are sitting on their surfboards in still ocean water."]
["A surfer is about to catch a wave.", "A girl in a wet suit riding a surfboard on a wave.", "a person is riding a surfboard at the beach", "A man is riding a surfboard in the ocean.", "A person on a surfboard riding an ocean wave."]
["a surfer catching a gnarly wave in the swell", "A man riding the waves in the water", "The picture of a person surfing in the water.", "A surfer takes a ride on a wave near a mountain.", "A person on a surfboard riding a wave."]
["a person riding a surf board on a small wave", "A surfer riding her board in the ocean's waves.", "A person riding a surfboard on top of a large foamy wave.", "A person in a wet suit surfs among waves.", "A person in a wet suit surfing on a large wave."]
["Two surfers on their boards on a calm day.", "Paddle boarder in middle of placid water while on board", "A man riding on top of a paddle board in the ocean.", "A paddleboarder is rowing while another person lies on their board nearby", "People on surfboards in the blue sea, a woman lying down and a man paddling with an oar."]
["People are sitting around a table with plates and wine glasses while cake is being cut.", "A family sitting at a table having a meal.", "A group of people with food around the table.", "The family is sitting together at the table waiting on desert. ", "people watching a guy cut a cake at a party"]
["A carrot cake is decorated with fresh flowers.", "A cake with pink flowers is on a table with roses.", "A cake displayed on a plate with red and white flowers and vases of flowers.", "A white carrot cake decorated with assorted flowers.", "A cake decorated with real flowers on a cake stand."]
["A woman holds the arms of a young boy on a soccer field. ", "a woman with eye glasses playing with a boy with a hat", "A woman and her son are playing on the soccer field.", "A woman and little boy are walking and holding arms on a soccer field.", "A parent playing with her young son at a park."]
["A man laying on top of a green bed next to a wall.", "A man covered with a blanket is lying on a bed.", "The guy is sleeping on his bed is cover by a gray blancket.", "A person sleeping on a bed that is to short for their height.", "A MAN TOO TALL FOR THE BED PROVIDED"]
["A bearded middle aged man cuddling a teddy bear.", "A bearded man laying in bed while holding a blue teddy bear.", "A bearded man holds a blue teddy bear by his face.", "A bearded shirtless man cuddling with a teddy bear.", "A man is lying down and holding a stuffed blue teddy bear.\n"]
["A woman holding a white tray topped with a large cake.", "A half eaten cake on a white tray", "a person in a sweater holding a cake over a paper plate", "The cake must be delicious because half of it is gone already.", "A partially eat cake on a tray being held by a person."]
["A computer is connected to speakers and a hard drive on desk.", "A desk with a desktop computer and sound system.", "A computer displays the \"blue screen of death\" or fatal error often associated with windows.", "A desk with speakers, a monitor, a mouse and a keyboard on it. ", "A desktop computer sitting on top of a desk."]
["A girl in jeans and a top is lying on a bed. ", "A person lays on a bed stretched out.", "A woman on a bed in a room.", "A woman laying on her side in a bed. ", "A sexy young woman laying on top of a bed."]
["A female wearing a red shirt lies on a bed, resting ", "a woman in her underwear laying on a bed alone ", "A person sleeping on a bed in another room.", "A woman laying on a bed in a room.", "A woman laying on a bed in a bedroom."]
["A person that is riding a surfboard under a wave. ", "A person on a surfboard rides a large wave", "A person on a surfboard riding in the water.", "A man on a surfboard riding a wave.", "A surfer riding on top of the waves at the ocean. "]
["A person on a surf board riding a wave.", "A surfer in a wetsuit, surfing in the barrel of a wave that is crashing behind him.", "A person riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A man being swalled by a wave while surfing in the water. ", "A surfer surfing the pipeline in the ocean"]
["An open laptop computer sitting on top of a table.", "A laptop computer screen with a Flickr page loaded, and a television on in the background.", "A laptop with the browser on a Flickr page. ", "a black laptop and a television set and a cord", "The screen of a computer laptop displaying flickr."]
["A tall cake is decorated with flowers and white icing.", "A table with a tall cake and pots of herbs.", "a large cake on a table along with other foods", "a tall white cake on a plate made from a log", "a tall white cake with red flowers on top and some small orange pots"]
["A baby sitting on a bed holding a remote control.", "The baby is on the bed playing with the remote control. ", "A small child playing with a remote control for a television.", "A small child sitting on a bed playing with a remote.", "A baby wearing denim overalls sitting on a bed playing with remote."]
["A group of people are standing on the sandy beach.", "A group of people pose for a picture near surfboards.", "Three men and three women posing on a beach in front of surf boards.", "Several people on the beach with their surf boards.", "A group of young people standing next to each other on a beach."]
["a man in a little kayak  putting an oar in the water ", "A man that is on a surfboard in the water.", "A man sits on a surfboard in shallow ocean water", "a man with a paddle on a small board", "A man in the water with a board and a paddle."]
["A man riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.", "A lighthouse stands on an island in the background as a surfer on an orange board rides the surf while holding a black pole.", "A surfer is on the waves with a lighthouse in the background.", "A man with an oar standing on a surfboard", "Man paddle surfing in the ocean near a lighthouse"]
["A group of men standing on top of a sandy beach.", "The beachgoers are curious about what is in the water.", "Men with hockey sticks and a surfboard play on a beach.", "A group of paddle boarders watch the beach. ", "These wake boarders are watching the waves from the shore"]
["A whole cake and a piece in a plate by a person.", "Someone is enjoying a small slice of pie. ", "A person has a piece of cake on her fork. ", "A young women eating a very thin piece of cheesecake ", "Someone who is having a slice of cake at a table. "]
["A man holding a surfboard while wearing a wet suit.", "a man is carrying his surf board outside", "A man holding a surfboard and wearing a wet suit.", "A man is holding a surfboard on the shore.", "A man in a wet suit holding a surfboard under his arm. "]
["a young man is holding a blue sur fboard.", "a male surfer in a wet suit carrying a blue board", "A couple of people with a surfboard walking outside.", "The surfer's is wearing a wetsuit and holding a surfboard. ", "He is so tall that his wet suit doesn't quite fit him."]
["A person is sitting on a bed in a bedroom.", "A bedroom with a bunch of furniture in it and a woman looking up to the ceiling. ", "A girl kneeling on her bed looking up at the ceiling.", "The girl sitting on the bed is looking upwards.", "A girl sitting on a bed with her head up."]
["A surfer rides the top of a wave in the ocean.", "A surfer riding a wave in the ocean.", "a man on a surfboard riding the top of a wave ", "A man on a surfboard is riding a huge wave with his feet out and arms extended.", "A surfer rides the crest of a wave "]
["A young man holding a surfboard while standing near a river.", "A man in a wetsuit standing at the very edge of some water while holding a surfboard.", "A man is standing on a ledge next to a surfboard.", "a man that is holding up a surfboard in some water", "a surfer in a wet suit holding his surf board"]
["A man on a surfboard in the water.", "A man riding a paddle board on top of a wave.", "A guy on a surfboard paddles out to sea on a sunny day.", "a guy using a stick to travel on the water", "A man is standing on a surfboard with a stick."]
["A man holding a surfboard next to a wave filled body of water.", "A man standing on the side of water with rough waves", "A person that is about to jump in some water.", "A surfer surveys the wave action in a manmade inlet", "People holding surfboard standing around a wave pool."]
["A group of wetsuit-clad men standing at a riverbank.", "There are people holding surfboards near the water.", "there are three people in wet suits with surf boards at a simulated wave ", "A couple of men standing with their surfboards", "a number of people with surf boards at a river of water"]
["Two young men in wetsuits standing on a concrete ledge in front of water.", "A man waiting beside a river with a surfboard and wet suit on.", "A couple of people about to dive into cold river", "Two men who are holding surfboards next to some water.", "A couple of men standing along side of a river."]
["A man on the beach carrying a surfboard with a sail.", "A man walking on a beach while holding  a wind sail.", "A man enjoying a day at the beach", "The man is walking into the ocean with  a sailboard.", "A windsurfer looking at the ocean on a sunny day."]
["A large white bed with a wooden headboard.", "A hotel bed and side tables in a room.", "A neatly made bed with several pillows in a hotel room.", "A bed with two night stands, two lamps and a chair.", "A bedroom shown with a large bed that has lamps and night stands built into the headboard."]
["A man and woman standing in front of a cake.", "a newly wed couple celebrating with a toast", "A bride and groom celebrate over a cake.", "A bride and groom are celebrating with wedding cake.", "A man and a woman standing next to each other."]
["there are lots of pillows on the bed. the light is on", "A bed with three pillows stacked on top of one another and another pillow leaning on that stack.", "Corner of a room with a bed with three stacked pillows, with another pillow and a brochure leaned against stack, and a bedside table lamp illuminated.", "a big bed with very big pillows in white", "A stack of pillows on a hotel bed\n"]
["A young man is riding the giant waves on his board. ", "A man who is on a surfboard riding a wave.", "a surfer in a red shirt is surfing on a sunny day", "This an above angle view of a surfer riding a wave.", "A man is surfing a wave on his surfboard."]
["A bed in a bedroom topped with a colorful blanket and two pillows.", "A bed has a multicolored home made quilt.", "A neatly mad bed with orange pillows and colorful quilt.", "There is a quilt and some pillows on a bed.", "A colorful quilt and orange pillows adorn a bed. "]
["A boy in pajama's lying on a bed asleep.", "a baby sleeping on a bed surrounded by pillows", "a little boy is sleeping in a messy bed", "an all white bed set with a little boy asleep on it ", "A small child sleeping on an unmade bed."]
["a bedroom with a big bed and a lot of windows as well ", "A bedroom with a back light shining on a bed.", "the bedroom is white and the bed is gray", "A bedroom decorated in neutral colors and wood", "A bedroom with white bed covers,a grey pillow and two lamps."]
["Two young boys sitting on a park with a plate of food.", "Two children sit on the ground at a park.", "Two young boys in shorts at park with hands raised.", "Two children sitting in the grass eating food", "A boy with his hands up sitting next to another boy with pizza and a drink sitting in the grass."]
["A white bed sitting on a wooden floor in a bedroom.", "A bedroom area with a white bed, lights and closet.", "A photograph of an all white bedroom that has a large bed.", "this bed room is all white and has a white bed", "An empty room with a neatly made queen bed. "]
["An adorable child wading in water while holding onto a boogie board.", "A young child is laying on his raft by the shore.", "A toddler is on a small surfboard at the shore.", "A little boy in some water at the edge of the beach.", "A toddler is laying down playing in the water.  "]
["The empty surf board is floating on top of a wave.", "A surfboard without a rider glides on the wave.", "A surfboard going through a small wave in the ocean.", "surfers in ocean one fell off there board", "A person and a surfboard in the water."]
["A group of people on surfboards doing different things. ", "Several surfers are riding the blue ocean waves.", "Several people in the ocean with their surfboards. ", "Several paddle surfers are surfing in the ocean.", "Five people riding surf boards in the waves."]
["a small dog on a leash with a racket", "A dog sits on a tennis court next to tennis equipment. ", "A brown dog sitting next to a tennis bag and racquet.", "a dog tied to a fence surrounded by tennis eguipment", "A dog sitting next to a tennis racquet. "]
["A tennis player is taking a swing at a ball near an audience.", "Four people with a boat docked on the side of the water.", "A tennis player is reaching into the air to hit the ball.", "A man swinging a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A man in white shirt and shorts playing a game of tennis."]
["a tennis player on a court wit ha racket", "A figure of a tennis player is waiting for the serve.", "A tennis player with a tennis racquet standing on a court with a lot of people watching.", "The man is trying to play tennis on the court. ", "A man taking a swing at a tennis ball"]
["A wooden frame for a bed sitting next to a  mattress.", "A double bed showing the wooden slats with the mattress removed.", "A room with a bed frame and a mattress to the side. ", "A platform bed is displayed with the mattress off of it.", "A mattress sitting above the mattress frame in a small room"]
["A brown and black dog laying on a bed.", "A dog is laying down on a bed.", "A dog stretched out on a bed with a cat laying on top of it sleeping.", "A dog sits on top of a bed next to a person.", "A person and a fuzzy dog sitting on a bed."]
["A pizza sitting on top of a white plate covered in cheese and veggies.", "Unsliced pizza with black olives and sliced red peppers.", "A pizza has black olives and red bell peppers.", "A great picture of a delicious pizza with vegetable toppings. ", "A pizza with red peppers, olives, onions, and cheese. "]
["A pizza is being eaten with a knife and fork.", "A plate with pizza sitting on top of it.", "a pizza on a plate with some fork and a knife", "a plate of food with a fork and a knife", "A yummy looking pizza with onions on top and a fork and knife to eat it."]
["A man is playing on a tennis court.", "A man holding a tennis racket is hitting a ball.", "Male tennis player hitting the ball and audience in the background at a tennis game.", "A man with a racket walks on a court.", "A man hitting a tennis ball with his racket. "]
["A pan filled with mini pizzas in an oven.", "A tray that has several small mini pizzas on it", "A bunch of mini pizzas on a tray.", "Mini pizzas on shelves waiting to be bake.", "Many very small pizzas have been prepared with ham, pineapple, and olives."]
["A computer desk with a laptop computer on top of it.", "A plain wooden corner desk has computers on it.", "A desk with a computer and laptop and a black chair.", "A desk with a desktop computer and a laptop computer on it.", "A computer monitor and a laptop sit on a desk."]
["A lot of people that are sitting around together.", "People use laptops and follow a presentation in a classroom.", "A classroom filled with students tying on computers", "A classroom with eight people sitting at desks behind laptop computers.", "A classroom full of adults working on their laptops."]
["A desk holds a couple computers and some speakers.  ", "The computer desk with speakers on it has a laptop on it. ", "A corner desk with computers on it and a guitar beside it.", "There is a laptop computer and a person computer on this desk. ", "Two computers, with screens on, sit on a table next to speakers."]
["A young boy eating a big slice of pizza.", "A BOY IS EATING A BIG PIECE OF PIZZA ", "A young boy taking a bite from a slice ", "A little boy eating a slice of pizza. ", "a child eating a large slice of pizza"]
["A man holding a racquet on top of a tennis court.", "A man who is diving to hit a tennis ball.", "A man swings a tennis racket at a ball. ", "A guy in a red shirt and white shorts playing tennis.", "A tennis player hits a tennis ball during a match."]
["a male in a brown shirt is playing tennis", "A person that is playing in a tennis game.", "The man has a tennis racket in one hand and throws up the ball with the other. ", "A tennis player getting ready to serve the ball to his opponent.", "A man throws a ball up in the air."]
["A young man hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.", "A young man reaches to hit a tennis ball during a tennis match while others watch.", "A man reaching to hit a tennis ball", "A man hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.", "A professional tennis player running to meet the ball at an indoor match"]
["A man is about to take a swing at the Tennis ball. ", "A man that is jumping in the air with a racquet.", "A male tennis player jumping in the air to reach a ball.", "A tennis player is jumping up to hit a ball at a tennis match. ", "A tennis player about to hit the ball."]
["A small girl smiling and sitting behind a large round pepperoni pizza in a  restaurant.", "A pepperoni pizza is bigger than the child sitting in front of it.", "A little kid is looking at a big pizza.", "A little girl and a pizza with pepperoni topping.", "A very cute small girl by a very big pizza."]
["A woman on a tennis court with a racket in one hand and a ball in the other.", "A woman holds a ball in one hand and a racket in the other.", "A female tennis player preparing to serve on court.", "A woman at a tennis court holding a tennis ball and racket.", "A female tennis player getting ready to serve the tennis ball."]
["A pizza with many toppings is on a plate.", "A white plate topped with pizza on a blue table.", "The table has a Hawaiian pizza is sitting on it. ", "A whole pizza with various toppings on a table.", "A pizza is topped with ham and onions."]
["An old bedroom filled with very old furniture.", "a room with a chair and dresser inside of it ", "A view of a living room, with a couch up against the wall near two windows.", "A room that has some very colorful carpeting. ", "Room with patterned carpet and wallpaper and dark wood furnishings."]
["A game of Tennis being played on TV", "The men are playing a game of tennis on the court. ", "Two people who are playing tennis against each other.", "Two men with racquets on a tennis court.", "A couple of men standing on a  tennis court holding racquets."]
["a female tennis player in a blue dress playing tennis", "A tennis player is competing on a court.", "A female tennis player is holding the racquet, ready to swing.", "A woman swinging a racket at a ball on a court.", "A person on a court with a tennis racket."]
["A woman in yellow plays a game of tennis.", "a woman is playing tennis on a court", "A female tennis athlete in yellow dress returns a volley", "A woman hitting a tennis ball on the court in a tournament ", "There is a woman playing a game of tennis."]
["Tennis player and blue-and-white outfit holding a racket. ", "A man holding a tennis racket on a court.", "a tennis player with a racket on a court ", "a guy in a stance ready for the tennis ball", "A tennis player takes a stance to return a tennis ball."]
["a man is playing tennis on a court", "This is a man serving a tennis ball on a blue court.", "The young man is going to serve the ball.", "The tennis player is getting ready to serve the ball", "Man playing tennis about to deliver a strong hit to the ball."]
["A man is playing tennis on a blue court.", "a man getting ready to hit a tennis ball on part of a court", "A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A person prepares to hit a tennis ball on a tennis court.", "a man standing up on a court with a racket"]
["A platter with a baked good on it ", "A plain piece of bread resting on a wooden plate.", "A whole cheese pizza sitting on a wood pan on a table. ", "a close up of a pizza on a wooden surface on a table", "A white cracker looking pizza is on a cutting board."]
["A young woman holding a tennis racquet in front of a ball.", "a lady that is playing tennis with a ball and racket", "A white and red tennis player hitting a ball.", "A woman is trying to hit the tennis ball while she is playing tennis.", "A woman tennis player prepares to hit the tennis ball."]
["A woman making a weird face playing tennis", "A tennis player makes a face while hitting the ball.", "A woman standing on top of a tennis court.", "A female tennis player in action on the court.", "A tennis player takes a swing at a ball "]
["A woman swinging a tennis racket at a tennis ball.", "A woman hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.", "A girl is hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.", "Professional photograph of a woman playing tennis indoors", "a girl in black and white returning a tennis serve "]
["A woman swinging a tennis racket at a tennis ball", "A woman that is holding a racquet hitting a ball.", "a woman standing in front of a blue sign hitting a tennis ball ", "a tennis player swinging a racket at a ball ", "A woman is about to hit a tennis shot."]
["A man sits in a diner photographing his meal", "Photographer taking a picture of a meal in a small restaurant.", "A man taking a photo of food on a table.", "A man takes a picture of his food in a restaurant.", "A man taking a picture of his meal at a diner table."]
["Two personal sized pizzas are being prepared on a pan.", "A prepared pizza sits next to an uncooked pizza.", "Two pizzas sitting on top of a baking sheet.", "A hand sprinkling toppings on one of two pizzas in a pan.", "Two unbaked, homemade pizzas on a baking tray."]
["A group of hot women sitting at a table in front of a pizza.", "Several girls sit on the other side of a large pizza.", "three women at a table some drinks and a large pizza", "a very big pizza in the middle of a table ready to be eaten", "A group of women are sitting over a table with a large pizza."]
["A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "Male hitting a tennis ball with a racket ", "A tennis player is trying to hit a ball.", "A man swinging a tennis racket on a court.", "A man is playing tennis at night on a blue court."]
["A man hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.", "a man is swinging a racket at a ball", "A tennis player with a racket and ball", "A man holding a tennis racket is hitting a ball on the court.", "Man with tennis racket up in front of oncoming tennis ball"]
["A very nice looking living room with a couch.", "A den with a couch, table, lamp, makeup bag and blanket.", "A room containing a couch with matching wooden end and coffee tables.", "A lamp on a table in a livingroom", "A couch with an afghan and a lamp that is turned on."]
["The office desk is still a mess and the computer is left on. ", "a desk with a lamp a laptop and a mouse", "The light shines on a cluttered desk with a laptop on it.", "there is a desk with a laptop and some drinks on it", "A messy and unorganized workspace with a laptop."]
["A remote controller packed in a case of some sort.", "A remote control jokingly entitled control a woman.", "A wooden table with a remote control that reads \"control a woman.\"", "Remote control to Control A Woman still new in package.", "A remote control in packaging that says control a woman."]
["the young couple is laughing over the toothbrush.", "two people and one is holding a green tooth brush", "Two pretty young ladies holding a green toothbrush.", "A girl holding a green toothbrush as a guy in the back looks on.", "Two teenagers are close together with a toothbrush."]
["The old man literally has a toothbrush mustache.", "An old man with a tooth brush head under his nose, mimicking Hitler", "A man wearing a toothbrush for a moustache.", "A man with the head of a toothbrush under his nose like a mustache ", "An elderly man wearing the head of a toothbrush as a moustache."]
["A man standing next to a woman in front of a couch.", "two people playing  a video game with wii motes", "The couple is having fun playing the game.", "Two people playing on a Wii in a living room. ", "Two people holding remotes in their hands standing near a couch."]
["A boy putting something in his mouth and smiling for a picture.", "A young blonde child smiles and sucks on something in his mouth.", "a small child is chewing on something blue", "A smiling blue-eyed boy toddler chewing on a plastic object. ", "A small boy chewing on a blue and white toy."]
["a man that is playing a wii game", "A young man playing the Wii in the living room.", "A man is playing a video game in the living room", "A man getting into playing the game of Wii.", "A man is standing in a room holding a Wii controller."]
["A living room consisting of windows, rugs, chairs, and a coffee table.", "A living room with couches, chairs and box coffee table. ", "A living room with multiple couches and chairs.", "The house has an open concept, and comfortable furniture.", "A room with two chairs and a couch in it."]
["Two guys holding wii remotes standing up playing.", "Men in a living room stand while they hold controllers. ", "Two men standing in a living room holding Wii controllers. ", "A couple of men go head to head playing video games.", "Two men in  a room playing video games"]
["A couch and pillows in a small room.", "The living room boasts a comfortable leather sofa.", "A brown leather couch sitting on top of a living room floor.", "A brown leather couch sits at the bottom of the steps.", "a brown leather couch in a living room "]
["two people taking apart their wii controllers to replace batteries", "People taking apart video game remote controls on a table", "People handling a couple of remotes taking them apart.", "two sets of hands a wooden table and two controllers", "Two people who are taking apart a video game controller."]
["A group of people standing around a TV with a video game on it's display.", "People stand around TVs and play with Wii remotes. ", "Several people standing in front of TV's with wii remotes in their hands.", "A group of people standing around televisions. ", "A girl and guy looking at a TV in a room with other people."]
["there is a man and a woman playing a video game together", "A woman holding a Nintendo Wii game controller next to a man.", "A couple of people standing in a room with remote.", "A man holds his ears as a woman smiles with a video game remote next to him.", "A man and women who are playing video games."]
["A male holding video game accessories in front of his face.", "A boy holds two video game controllers while sitting on a chair.", "The guy is resting on his bed and holding the bed control.", "A man is holding up video game controllers.", "A boy is holding up two different Wii controllers."]
["2 men sit on the couch, video game controllers in hands.", "Two guys sitting down holding small steering wheels.", "Two mean playing a driving game with steering wheels in their hands.", "Two guys sitting on a couch playing a racing game on the Wii.", "Two men playing a game with steering wheel controllers."]
["A group of friends sits in their living room while playing video games.", "Men and women sitting on a green couch.", "White people looking ridiculous playing wii and drinking beer.", "Group of people sitting down eating and drinking watching something.", "A group of people drink bears and snack while some hold video game controllers."]
["A man standing next to a red ball on the floor.", "The group of players is enjoying the video game.", "people watching something while in a living room. ", "A group of people playing Wii in a living room setting.", "A group of people playing Wii games together."]
["A couple of photos of a group of people playing with interactive a gaming unit..", "A photo collage of two people playing a remote video game", "Compilation of photos showing adults using video game controller in room.", "a couple of people that have a wii remote in hand", "Many shots of people playing Nintendo wiki in household"]
["Black and white dog sitting on a futon near a TV.", "A dog sits on the futon in a small living room", "A television and a dog on a couch in a room.", "A small living room has a futon sofa.", "A dog sitting on a coach in a living room. "]
["A Nintendo Wii game console box sitting on a table.", "The manufacturers box for the Nintendo wii on the floor", "Box with picture of a hand holding a Nintendo wii remote.", "A new WII game is still in the box.", "This is a photo of a Wii video game console box. "]
["Two men play against each other in Wii Bowling.", "two men stand and play with Wii remotes. ", "Two men playing a game on a television.", "Two men play Wii bowling at an event.", "Two men playing a game with Wii remote controllers."]
["Two people playing a video game while others watch.", "Several people watching a kneeling woman use a Wii controller.", "a woman is playing a game with her friends ", "A woman with a Wii remote stands in front of a group of people.", "Several people watching a young women play a video game."]
["Group of Asian young males and female smiling and laughing while looking in the same direction.", "A group of people who are playing video games.", "Two friends are gathered to play the wii.", "a bunch of people are laughing in a living room while two people hold Wii controllers in their hands", "A group of young people laughing and having fun playing Wii"]
["A woman holding onto a man while standing in a living room.", "A woman that is standing next to a man.", "A group of people playing a game with some remote controllers.", "A young woman is hugging a tall man in a big room.", "A man and woman playfully hugging near group of others"]
["A smiling woman looks to be playing a Wii.", "a woman with glasses is placing a video game", "A woman in a room playing a video game", "An asian woman holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.", "This is an image of woman playing wii."]
["A couple of people sitting on top of a brown couch in front of a TV.", "A couple of people and a television in a room.", "Two people are aiming controllers at the television set while other sit on the sofa watching.", "A group of people playing a video game with remote controllers.", "Teenagers are gathered around a WII video game."]
["A woman standing in a room with a remote.", "A woman stands with her teeth showing while holding a Wii remote.", "An excited woman playing a game with a Wii controller.", "A woman looking very intense while playing WII.", "A woman playing a WII game with intensity"]
["The living room has a leather couch near a dining table.", "Living room scene with a leather couch facing a large screen tv.", "A living room with a leather sofa, tables and tv.", "A living room with a large sofa and a dining table.", "This living room includes a leather couch and a TV on the wall."]
["Two people standing in a living room holding remotes.", "A couple playing video games in a living room.", "A man and a woman are playing a video game using remote controls.", "two people standing in a room with some wii motes ", "A man and a woman standing near each other playing wii"]
["Two men who are playing video games together.", "A couple of guys are playing the Nintendo Wii. ", "two men stand in a living room pointing wii remotes", "Two men play a game on the Wii in a room. ", "Two adult males enjoy playing a videogame together."]
["a living room with a long couch in it ", "A den with a couch, chair, table, mirror and a lamp.", "A living room with hardwood floors is sparsely decorated.", "The living room is clean and empty of people.", "a very large room with some furniture in the inside"]
["A decorated living room with two green chairs.", "There are many chairs in a small living room", "Two chairs are covered with green seat covers in a small room that also features a a dark wood table and two chairs.", "A room is furnished with many items including chairs and a table. ", "Room with cramped quarters holding dining table set and extra chairs."]
["a family sitting in the living room with one of them petting a dog ", "some people and a brown and white dog a lamp and chairs", "A relaxing family gathering in the living room\n", "A group of people sitting around a living room.", "Several people in a living room with a dog."]
["Apple computer monitor with a keyboard and mouse next to a ipod", "An Apple computer monitor and early generation iPod sitting on a desk", "A desktop computer with a grassy field background", "A computer screen keyboard mouse and an Ipod", "A PC with a large flat screen on a desk in a yellow room."]
["a man hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racquet.", "A man hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racquet.", "A tennis player is getting ready to serve a ball.", "A tennis player holding his racket swinging at a tennis ball", "A man is action on a brown tennis court."]
["A picture of someones living room with two sofas and a coffee table with a blue flower vase on it. ", "A couch and a table in a room.", "Two white couches and a brown table sit in a room.", "A small sofa is standing in front of a blue wall.", "The living room has a open feel to it"]
["a man sitting in a chair watching tv", "A man sitting on a chair in front of a TV.", "The man is i the room by himself playing video games.", "A man is sitting in a brown chair with a gold cover watching television. ", "A man sitting, playing a game on a wii."]
["An alarm clock sitting under a large hammer.", "an alarm clock with an image of a sledge hammer over it ", "Alarm clock with white face and hammer ready to strike it.", "A clock with the hands facing some of the numbers", "An old bell alarm clock dinging at 6:00 o'clock"]
["A person flies a large yellow kite on a field.", "A man is flying a very large kite for trying to hang glide", "a man that is flying a big yellow kite", "A person flying a very large kite under a cloudy blue sky.", "The person is flying a kit in the empty field."]
["a man that is flying some kind of kite", "two people on a beach with a kite in the sky ", "some people on the beach flying an air kite that looks like a real bird", "people standing on the beach below a kite shaped like a bird", "A couple of people in the sand looking at a plane."]
["A woman standing on top of a sandy beach under a flying kite.", "A woman and a child with a kite.", "a little girl flying a butterfly shaped kite on a beach", "There are people standing on the sand at the beach.", "A woman watches a child play with a kite on the beach."]
["A man in a field works to get a kite off the ground.", "It's a chilly morning here in the village. ", "A person flying a kite in a field, with a windmill and church in the background among other buildings.", "A kite on a field in the country.", "An open field with a kite and a person in the background."]
["A park with lots of people flying kites.", "A large group of people flying kites in the sky.", "A group of people standing around a field together.", "Many people flying kites in a park on a sunny day", "a number of people standing in a field with many kites"]
["Many people flying kites at the mall in Washington DC", "A big kite fly in event at a national landmark. ", "Several people flying kits with Washington monument and cloudy sky", "hundreds of people in a bright field near an obelisk", "A bunch of people flying their kites in a field "]
["A group of people fly kites into the air on a large grassy field.", "Group of people outdoors flying kites together. ", "A group of people flying kites at an outdoor convention", "A photo of a crowd in an open area with dozens of kites in the air.", "some people on some brown grass and kites"]
["A woman standing next to a child on a yellow flower and grass covered field.", "A person with a child flying a  lite in a grassy field", "A man flying a kite with a little boy", "A man and his son in the grass flying a kite.", "A man and child are flying a kite."]
["a close up of many large kites near the ground", "A row of kites with trees in the background.", "The crowd of people are looking to fly their kites. ", "some people outside flying a variety of kites", "People raising a variety  giant kites into the sky."]
["A group of people flying many kites in the sky.", "A flock of birds flying in a blue sky.", "Blue sky with flying persons and people walking below.", "A group of people in grassy area with kites in the sky.", "A colorful display of kites flying above a city park."]
["A young boy holding a kite next to a body of water.", "A boy is running with a kite by the water\n", "The boy stands by the shoreline and prepares to fly a kite.", "A little boy nears a big body of water with kite in hand.", "Young boy holding a kite running by water"]
["A man prepares to fly a kite in a grassy area.", "Two men are flying kites in a field in front of a parking lot.", "A man standing on top of a green field.", "A man holds the string of a kite, as many kites fly in the sky.", "Man standing in grassy field with assistant nearby ready to fly kite."]
["A man and little kids flying kites in a cloudy sky.", "a man and two kids standing by the water and flying a kite", "a man with two kids playing with some kites", "A man and two young children flying kites. ", "a man and two kids by the water playing with a kite "]
["A group of kites being flown at the beach.", "A beach that has several people flying kites on it.", "A beach with various kits flying in the sky.", "The kite flying on the beach  is very organized ", "Several colorful kites flying across the beach. "]
["A man putting an uncooked pizza pie in the oven.", "A man taking food out of an open oven.", "a man loads a pan of food into his kitchen stove", "Adult at open oven with panned food items.", "A man takes a hot dish out of an oven."]
["a bunch of people slying kites on a beach", "Several parachutes that are flying in the sky above the beach.", "People on a beach fly pink and blue para sails.", "Several people on the beach flying parasols near the shore.", "several people in the ocean flying kite sails"]
["a kid running with a kite in his hand outside", "Boy flying his kite outside in the yard.", "A small boy flies a multi colored kite with an old house in the background.", "there is a young boy flying a kite on the lawn", "A little boy flying his kite in the yard"]
["A person flies a kite on a stormy day.", "Two men are flying kites on a grassy field.", "A man flying a kite under a sky darkening with storm", "A couple of people in a field flying kites.", "A person kicks a ball on a grassy field"]
["Kites flown in large grassy open area with numerous onlookers.", "There are several kites in the air and several people standing in the field.", "Many people stand in the field flying kites.", "A group of people standing on a field flying kites.", "There are many people flying kites on this day."]
["A sailboat in the middle of the ocean with people on the shore. ", "Some people are having fun in the ocean on a sunny day. ", "A person wind sailing next to a person para sailing.", "A wind surfer and a kiteboarder are on the ocean. ", "A man para-sailing on the ocean during a blustery day."]
["A person standing and watching a kite fly in the sky.", "A man flying a kite on a very cloudy day.", "A person standing on a cloudy day flying a box kite.", "A man looks at a kite flying high above the city.", "A man that is standing up with a kite."]
["PEOPLE ON A BEACH WITH TENTS AND FLYING OBJECT", "Group of people with tents on shore of lake and mountain", "a person siting on a beach with a number of kites ", "A few wind sails rest on the beach next to some people.  ", "a field that has a bunch of kites in it"]
["A clock mounted to the side of a wall over desk.", "A classroom with desks and a wall clock.", "A very big dim lit room with some desks.", "A classroom with a few wooden desks and various pictures on the walls.", "An empty classroom with posters on the wall."]
["A sail flying in the air over water.", "a kite surfer in a white top water and clouds", "A man is in the water parasailing ", "A person parasailing in the ocean on a cloudy day ", "A woman riding a wave on top of the ocean."]
["A man standing in a  lush green field flying a kite.", "a person in a field flying a kite", "A man is flying a rectangle shaped kite.", "A man flying a kite in a city park.", "A young male is flying a kite in cloudy sky"]
["A man and child fly a kite on the beach.", "A man and a small child flying a kite on the beach.", "A man sitting on a beach flying a kite.", "A man and a young child on a beach flying a kite", "A parent helps a young child fly a kite on the beach"]
["A woman is talking on her phone while walking.", "a lady using her cell phone while walking down the sidewalk", "A woman in black dress on street with a cellphone.", "A pretty young lady talking on a phone walking past a red plastic fence.", "a woman talking a cell phone as she walks by some red windows "]
["a woman standing by the road while talking on a cell phone ", "woman talks on phone as she stands on a city street", "A woman that is holding a cellphone and purse.", "A woman talking on a phone standing on the side of a city street.", "a woman is on her cell phone on the sidewalk"]
["A man dressed in green talking on a cell phone.", "A man walking down a street while talking on a phone.", "A man wearing a hate talking on a cell phone.", "A man dressed in a costume stands next to the street talking on a cell phone.", "a man with a green hat is talking on a cellphone"]
["the ball is coming toward the batter and the catcher is ready", "The baseball player is wearing a bright gold helmet.", "A baseball player holding a bat next to home plate.", "A baseball player in mid swing and catcher holding glove extended as the pitch arrives.", "A man that is standing in the dirt with a bat."]
["A baseball player holding a bat on top of a field.", "The player is running while carrying a baseball bat. ", "A man runs on a baseball field with a bat.", "A baseball player running across a field holding a bat.", "A Minnesota Twins bat boy running with a bat on a baseball diamond."]
["The clock on the corner of the sidewalk reads 4:38.", "A picture of a very tall clock on the street.", "A street with houses and cars traveling down the road.", "A clock is shown at the top of a pole near a street.", "A clocktower standing next to a building-lined street"]
["A big clock on a post sits on the city sidewalk.", "a small pole with a clock is on a sidewalk", "A clock tower sitting in the middle of a parking lot.", "a clock atop a pole at an intersection ", "Clock with street name sits by city street with car moving on it"]
["A baseball team playing a baseball game on a baseball field.", "A baseball hitter with his bat on the ground in running position.", "This baseball player has just batted and is about to run it out.", "A baseball player dropping his bat and running on a baseball diamond.", "A baseball game in progress with the batter on the run."]
["Two baseball players with bats in their hands. ", "Two baseball players are walking on the field.", "A baseball player walks off the diamond while another player throws his hands and bat up.", "The baseball players have words with each other", "One baseball player is returning to the dugout, another is ready to bat."]
["An organized baseball team near a batting cage.", "The men are playing a game of baseball on the field.", "A group of men holding baseball bats on top of a field.", "The practicing team is wearing maroon and white uniforms.", "This is a picture of a baseball team getting ready for a game."]
["The baseball batter checks his stance by pointing his bat at the plate. ", "A baseball player steps into the batters box.", "A baseball player standing at home plate, hitting his bat on the ground.", "baseball players at home plate waiting for pitch\n", "A man on a field holding a baseball bat."]
["A baseball player is up to bat at the plate.", "there is a male baseball player that is at the base", "A baseball player holding a bat on top of a field.", "A batter and a catcher are ready for the pitch.", "a baseball player looks at the catcher "]
["A baseball player kneeling down next to a base.", "A close up of a batter, umpire and catcher at home plate.", "The baseball player is is ready to throw the ball.", "Players in a baseball game are on the field.", "A baseball catcher begins to throw the baseball to the pitcher"]
["a baseball swinging a baseball bat at a ball", "A baseball player is swinging a bat at a game.", "A baseball game is being played on a dirt and grass field.", "A batter is swinging to hit a baseball as the catcher readies to catch it. ", "A baseball player taking a swing at a ball"]
["A baseball player is standing up to bat", "A baseball player swinging a bat during a baseball game.", "Baseball player in a grey uniform holding up a baseball bat at the plate. ", "A baseball batter, catcher, and umpire get ready for the pitch.", "A baseball player holding a bat during a game."]
["giant colgate clock sits on shore next to water", "A photo of a large clock on the shore of a body of water.", "A large circular clock near a body of water.", "large tourist clock near a body of water.", "A large Colgate clock sitting on the shore next to a body of water."]
["A baseball player holding a bat next to home plate.", "A baseball player holding a bat in his hands.", "A baseball player steps up to the plate. ", "Home plate at a professional baseball game, batter not quite ready.", "The baseball player is getting ready to hit the ball."]
["a person swinging a baseball bat at a baseball", "A pitcher throws a ball to a batter ready to hit the ball. ", "A man pitching a ball to a man holding a bat.", "Two men to run down field playing baseball.", "A couple of people that are playing with a baseball."]
["A baseball player holding a baseball bat during a baseball game.", "A baseball player holding a bat at the baseball game. ", "A batter prepares to step up to bat.", "A baseball player preparing to bat on the field", "A batter swings at a ball behind a fence on a baseball diamond."]
["A baseball player swinging a bat during a game.", "A baseball flies towards a batter, catcher and umpire. ", "A batter has swung and hit the baseball.", "Professional baseball player hitting a ball during daytime.", "The batter, catcher and umpire during a baseball game"]
["a man bunting the baseball with his bat", "The baseball player is hitting the ball with the bat.", "A man is about to hit a ball during a baseball game.", "A baseball player with bat hitting the ball", "A man with a baseball bat that is standing near a plate."]
["A baseball player swinging a baseball bat during a game.", "A man swinging a bat while playing baseball.", "A man in a baseball uniform swinging his bat.", "Baseball player in the motion of swinging at a baseball coming towards him. ", "A batter swings a baseball bat as the catcher prepares to catch the ball."]
["A baseball player holding a bat on a field.", "Baseball player looks out to field while starting to run down first base line.", "a baseball player with a black bat is running", "A baseball player with a bat is running off the plate.", "A baseball player is on the field holding a bat."]
["A baseball player holding a bat walking across a field.", "Player walking away from home plate carrying bat during game.", "A baseball player running away from the base with his bat.", "A professorial baseball player hitting a ball in a game.", "A man that is standing in the dirt with a bat."]
["On a baseball diamond, a player holds a bat while in front of a catcher in gray and an umpire in black.", "A baseball player standing on top of a base on a field.", "A group of men on a field playing baseball.", "A batter is up to the base getting ready to swing at the ball.", "Travis d'Arnaud, baseball catcher for the New York Mets, is at bat."]
["A group of men on a field playing baseball.", "A batter, catcher and umpire are on a baseball diamond.", "A baseball field showing the catcher, umpire and a person up batting.", "A group of men playing a game of baseball.", "there is a baseball player at bat that is preparing for the ball"]
["A baseball player taking a swing at a ball", "A group of baseball players standing on top of a field.", "a man bunting the ball at home plate", "Some players in action in a baseball game.", "A batter hit the ball and begins to run to the base"]
["A baseball player taking a swing at a ball", "The man at bat readies to swing at the pitch while the umpire looks on.", "A batter, catcher and umpire during a baseball game.", "A baseball player holding a bat at home plate.", "A batter lifts his left foot as he swings the bat."]
["Baseball batter misses getting hit by the ball", "A baseball player swings his bat at home plate. ", "A baseball player standing near home plate during a game.", "A batter just swung through a pitch and the catcher is reaching for the ball.", "A baseball player moves to avoid getting hit by a ball"]
["Edward, the number 6 baseball player, waiting to bat.", "A  man stands with a bat on his shoulders.", "A baseball player named Howard, getting ready to bat at a baseball field.", "a baseball player standing on the sidelines during a game", "A man in a white and orange baseball uniform standing with a bat in his hand. "]
["A player in action up to bat in a baseball game.", "A full view of a baseball player about to swing at a ball.", "The man is hitting the ball during the baseball game.", "a batter hitting a baseball during a game ", "A baseball player hitting a baseball in a game."]
["A baseball player hitting a ball with a bat.", "A uniformed baseball player holding a bat toward a ball.", "Uniformed players at the home plate of a field.", "A man swinging a bat at a baseball.", "Baseball batter ready to strike arriving ball and umpire waiting to catch if he misses.", "A baseball player at home plate who has just hit the ball"]
["A baseball player holding a bat next to home plate.", "there is a male baseball player that is at base", "A baseball player is preparing to go to bat. ", "some baseball players a pitcher catcher and an umpire", "A baseball player holds his bat and waits for the pitch. "]
["A team of baseball players playing a game of baseball.", "A batter standing to the left of home plate while an umpire and catcher look off to the right.", "An umpire calls a play as the batter and catcher stand.", "The batter, catcher and umpire at home plate at a baseball game.", "Umpire makes a signal during a baseball game. "]
["Two slices of pizza are being served on a plate.", "Food that is sitting on a plate near other types of food.", "two slices of pizza of garlic and meat on a white round plate", "Two slices of pizza on a plate with toppings. ", "Two slices of cake sitting on top of a white plate."]
["There are two slices of pizza in front of the rest of the pizza.", "A homemade pizza sliced and on the plate.", "2 slices of faccia bread on a plate, next to a pan holding the entire bread.", "A pan of homemade pizza with vegetable and cheese toppings.", "A couple of pieces of pizza sitting on a plate."]
["Two cut up pizzas sitting on pizza pans on top of a stove.", "Three different types of pizza on top of a stove.", "Two trays of homemade pizza sitting on the stove", "An assortment of pizza on a kitchen stove.", "Various slices of leftover homemade pizzas sit on the stove with a partially7 drank glass of red wine. "]
["A pizza topped with pepperoni and extra spinach.", "Small sized pizza covered in salad and many other elements.", "A pizza is loaded up with green vegetables.", "Closeup of a pizza including sauce and various lettuce.", "A pizza pie with lots of green vegetables on it."]
["Sliced pizza in delivery box with bottle beverage on table.", "someone has eaten a slice of this pizza.", "A pizza is cut in 8 pieces with one piece 3/4 of the way eaten.", "there is a glass bottle next to a pizza box ", "a pizza inside of a card board box next to a wine bottle "]
["A pizza and beer sit next to a finished painting.", "a bottle of beer sitting next to a big pizza", "Eating beer and drinking pizza while observing a piece of art. ", "A pizza and beer are on a table by a work of art.", "A painting on an easel in the background of pizza and a drink. "]
["A couple of young men sitting down sharing a pizza.", "Two men pose for the camera with pizza and beer. ", "Two young men are eating pizza with beer.", "Two friends having pizza and beer in a cafe", "Two men sit in a booth with pizza in front of them."]
["A man prepares to serve a pizza topped with french fries. ", "The giant pizza has mounds of french fries on it.", "a pizza covered with french fries on a cutting board", "A person making a vegetarian pizza from scratch", "French fries are on top of a bread crust and someone is spooning a sauce."]
["There is a pizza with some slices taken out of it", "A pizza on cardboard with one slice gone", "A pizza with a slice missing on a white sheet in the sunlight.", "The pizzas are sitting on plates on the white paper.", "Large pizza pie with one slice missing on the table"]
["A cheesy pizza sitting on top of  an oven pan.", "A pizza with half pepperoni and half veggies.", "a close up of a pizza with different toppings ", "A big and nice pizza with cheese and looks tasty.", "A pizza that is a little over half pepperoni, the other side has other added ingredients."]
["Several slices of pizza are on a baking tray. ", "there are several pieces of food in a pan", "Several sliced of pizza sitting on a tray.", "Several squared pieces of pizza sitting on a pan.", "Several small rectangular slices of pizza with cheese and mushrooms."]
["a large flat pizza that is odd shaped", "I long and skinny piece of home made pizza.", "A piece of food is sitting on the rectangular plate", "A pizza with olives, mushrooms and ham waits to go into the oven.", "Long pizza bread with lots of toppings out of focus."]
["Three white plates topped with pizza on an orange table.", "There are three single sized pizzas on the table.", "Three personal sized pizzas sit on a table.", "A table that has three plates of pizza.", "Three different personal pizzas are on this table."]
["A man standing on a tennis court holding a tennis racquet.", "A tennis player holds a ball as if to throw it in the air to serve it. ", "A person on a court with a tennis racket.", "A man is on the field with his Tennis racket. ", "A person holding a tennis racket on a tennis court."]
["The desk has a potted plant near a remote, books, and a cell phone.", "A wooden table topped with lots of clutter.", "A desk with a phone and a vase of flowers on it", "a desk with a vase and remote control on it ", "An organized table with shelf above including a telephone, flowers and alcohol. "]
["A mirror reflecting a clock next to a shelf in a kitchen.", "a mirror reflecting all the objects on the other side of the room", "The mirror shows dishes on a shelf, pots and pans, and a clock.", "Kitchen items and a clock reflected in a round mirror", "A shelf with dishes and a clock in a mirror reflection."]
["A glass table holding a cup of coffee and a cellphone.", "A latte and a cell phone sit next to each other on a glass table.", "A cup of coffee and a cell phone on a table.", "Cell phone rest next to a cup on a saucer on the glass top table.", "The cellphone is left out by the coffee cup. "]
["A building with large windows sitting inside of a building.", "Church alter with blue and yellow stained glass ", "a building with a door way and many windows above", "Indoor open area with stain glassed window and clock.", "This is a picture of church at night."]
["A desktop computer sitting on top of a desk.", "a couple of computers are sitting on a desk", "On a table a computer,a laptop,papers,books,some eatables in a tray and other things are kept.", "A very big nice looking desk filled with many items.", "a desk with a monitor a keyboard and a laptop"]
["Young man wearing glasses lounging on a sofa with three white laptop computers on his lap.", "A young man lieing down with three apple computers on his chest.", "A man has three laptops stacked on his knees on the couch. ", "A man relaxes with three laptops on his lap.", "A man sits lies on a couch with 3 laptop computers stacked on him."]
["a small laptop is sitting on a desk", "A laptop computer sits on a computer desk next to a mouse.", "A silver laptop computer on a desk in an office.", "The laptop is sitting on the desk and is turned on.", "This is a desk with a macbook pro with a wood themed background on it."]
["A man holds up a laptop computer for others to see.", "a screen showing a man with laptop in his hands", "A man holding a laptop in one of his hands", "A man standing on stage holding a small computer", "A man holding up a laptop computer in his right hand."]
["A lot of computers that are on a table.", "There are lap tops on tables ready for a class to start.", "This is a conference room with a lot of laptops", "As laptops are sitting in position for a seminar a woman checks over one.", "Two tables filled with desktop computers and papers."]
["A classroom type setting with rectangular tables that have chairs and laptop computers at each desk.", "A woman is looking at the laptop in the classroom.", "A dark computer room with one woman inside of it. ", "A girl is playing on a laptop in a computer lab.", "A meeting room with tables covered in computers."]
["Rows of computers sit on a group of desks in a classroom.", "Two desk with apple laptop computers littered all over their surfaces.", "Several tables with laptops on them and a projection screen.", "A woman in a class room preparing a slide on the projection screen ", "A classroom with several laptops around the room and text displayed from an overhead."]
["The computer technician is repairing several different laptops.", "A man working on a row of laptops on a semi circular desk.", "A man who is looking at a laptop computer.", "Technician installing laptops on a curve table in a lecture hall.", "A man working in a room with a bunch of laptops. "]
["The technicians are making sure all is operational for the upcoming class.", "A class room with numerous laptops at desks with chairs.", "a room full of laptops on the tables while on", "a conference room with a few people in it", "Five people stand in a room with many laptops on the desks."]
["A little boy leaning over a lap top computer on a foot rest.", "A baby is trying to type on the computer.", "A boy in recliner playing with a white laptop.", "A child kneeling on the foot rest of a recliner playing with a laptop.", "a child on a recliner chair with a laptop"]
["A woman sitting in front of a laptop computer at a desk.", "A man approaches a team of two for advice.", "A man is speaking with a lady who is seated near another man in front of a laptop.", "Three people gather over an open laptop computer.", "A group of  people gathered around a laptop computer."]
["A pair of high heels sitting near a vase with flowers in it.", "A person doing a woman's makeup near a vase with flowers and shoes.", "a woman is standing in a room with flowers", "Two people in the background doing make-up with shoes and flowers in teh foreground.", "Two people in a white room next to stairs."]
["Three people standing next to each other and a computer.", "Two boys and a man smiling while standing in front of monitors. ", "A group of young people standing around a computer.", "A man and two boys are standing by some computers.", "Two boys with a man in a room smiling for the camera."]
["An open laptop computer sitting on top of a table.", "This is an image of a laptop computer", "LAP TOP COMPUTER WITH CORDS ALL OVER THE PLACE", "A laptop computer sitting opened on a table.", "a close up of a laptop and a mouse "]
["A smart phone being held up in front of a lap top.", "The person is holding his cell phone while on his laptop. ", "A hand holding a cellphone with a laptop in the background.", "IPhone with screen full of icons in front of a laptop.", "someone holding a cell phone in front of a laptop"]
["Close up of pencil cup with pens, pencils, and scissors.", "Orange scissors and pencils sit in a cup in front of someone's face.", "A child is looking through a pair of scissors", "A person behind a cup of office supplies.", "A person looks through the holes of a pair of scissors. "]
["Man sitting on his bed while using his laptop.", "A man is sitting on a bed while using a laptop computer.", "a man with glasses sitting on a bed using a laptop computer", "a male in a red shirt and a black laptop", "A man contemplating something he's looking at on a laptop."]
["A desk with five different computers on a blue table cloth. ", "A table topped with laptop computer and a monitor.", "very many computer monitors in a room not well arranged", "Computer monitors, a keyboard, a laptop and other electronic equipment is spread across a table.", "a room full of computers and monitors and keyboards"]
["A person is holding something next to an open microwave.", "A man is pictured taking a item out of the microwave", "A man standing in front of an open microwave door holding a piece of black plastic.", "A frowning man holding a small black piece by an open microwave door.", "A man removes a broken piece from his microwave"]
["A pair of red scissors sitting on a newspaper.", "A pair of scissors sitting on a newspaper under an advertisement.", "A pair of red scissors sitting on top of a news paper.", "a pair of scissors sitting on a piece of paper ", "Red handled scissors laying on a arts article in a newspaper."]
["A refrigerator and a stove occupy a kitchen.", "A white stove top oven sitting next to a refrigerator.", "A kitchen with a stove, microwave and refrigerator.", "This picture is taken at someone's kitchen area.", "A kitchen with different appliances inside of it."]
["A row of fluffy bears in t-shirts sitting on the floor.", "Several white colored stuffed animals wearing black shirts.", "Stuffed teddy bears wearing black t-shirts sit on a table.", "A group of small teddy bears wearing black t-shirts.", "some teddy bears wearing tshirts sitting together "]
["A young man with a goatee talking on a cell phone", "A man with glasses smiles as he holds a cell phone.", "A man with a goatee smiling and talking on the phone", "A man lookin at the camera talking on a cell phone.", "Mirror image of a smiling man talking on his cell phone"]
["A man walking across a street near a light pole.", "People walk on the city street with patches of snow on it.", "Several people walk along the snow covered streets.", "this is a man using his phone and walking", "A man that is standing near a pole."]
["A group of people are eating at a restaurant.", "a bunch of people that are sitting at a table", "some people at a table with food and drinks", "A group of people sitting around a dinner table.", "All of the people are having dinner together."]
["A group of men and women raising their glasses in a toast", "A group of people eating at a table raise their glasses", "this is a group of people out to eat together", "A group of people sitting around a table eating food.", "Tables full of smiling people, eating and drinking."]
["An oven and a range on a table", "A light blue conventional oven undergoing some repairs.", "Closeup of a miniature oven and stove on a bench.", "Two very old vintage pieces of oven equipment sitting outside on a table.", "An oven and stovetop sitting on a table in the back yard."]
["a kitchen with a refrigerator and tiled floors", "A fridge in an empty kitchen with nothing on the shelves.", "There is a refrigerator sitting in the kitchen.", "A partial view of a kitchen primarily the refrigerator is showing ", "A refrigerator sits in the corner of the kitchen."]
["An old man is trying to use his cell phone.", "An elderly man looks at a cell phone.", "An old man holding up a cell phone to his face.", "An elderly disabled man looks at a cell phone.", "An old man looks at a cell phone screen."]
["A man talking on a cell phone on a boat with a city in the background.", "A man is on a boat using his cell phone.", "a man is standing by the water and talking on the phone", "A man uses a cellphone on a boat near a city", "The young man is making a cel phone call from a boat."]
["Man sitting at a table looking at silver cell phones in a circle. ", "Man sitting at table with assortment of cell phones.", "A man sits behind six cell-phones in a star pattern on a white table.", "A man that is sitting at a table with cellphones.", "A man sitting at a table in front of cell phones."]
["Cell phones in a circle around kernel corn.", "six cell phones positioned in the shape of a flower", "a number of cell phones on a table near one another ", "these cell phones are lying on a table together", "Six cell phones are arranged in a circle."]
["A man in glasses using a telephone in a salon.", "A man sitting at a table talking on a cellphone while another man stands by a mirror behind him.", "The man is sitting down talking on his cell phone. ", "A man in white shirt and glasses at a salon.", "A person on a mobile phone with a clock in the background."]
["A cellphone is in front of a purse. ", "A cell phone sits beside a small crocheted change purse.", "A Samsung fliphone rests in front of a purse.", "A cellular phone next to a purse sitting on a table.", "A cell phone laying in front of a woven clutch."]
["Guy looking down girls shirt while holding cell phone.", "A man is holding a cell phone next to a girl, who is holding a drink. ", "A man holding his cellphone towards a girls drink. ", "A man holding a cell phone near a womans chest.", "Three people are gathered together in a group"]
["a man leans against a brick wall while he talks on his cell phone.", "A woman standing against the wall, with her cellphone in her hand.", "A boy standing against a wall while on a cell phone.", "A young man standing against a wall talking on a cell phone.", "A person is talking on a cell phone."]
["A man holding a smart phone in his right hand.", "A man sitting in a chair looking at a cell phone.", "A man in a blue shirt looking at his cell phone.", "A distressed man looking at the phone in his hand.", "A man looks intensely at his Iphone's screen."]
["A cell phone is laying on a crossword page from a newspaper.", "A cellphone sitting on top of a newspaper.", "a cellular phone sitting on the comics section of a newspaper.", "An old cellphone on top of a table", "Closeup of a black and grey cellphone atop a newspaper."]
["A man sitting at a table with his eyes closed.", "A man sitting at a table with his eyes closed and a woman behind him on a cell phone. ", "a man with eyes closed and behind him a woman on a cell phone", "A man sleeping in front of a young woman talking on a cell phone.", "A man with his eyes closed and a woman on the phone in the background."]
["Several older electronics, including cellular phones and a palm pilot with a  broken screen next to each other in white box enclosure.", "Several cell phones, one of them with a cracked display.", "a bunch of old palm pilots and old cell phones", "a table full of different hand held gadgets", "A group of retro cell phones and beepers, one of which has a broken screen."]
["A microwave is sitting idly in the kitchen. ", "A shiny silver metal microwave near wooden cabinets.", "There are wooden cabinets that have a microwave attached at the bottom of it", "A microwave sitting next to and underneath kitchen cupboards.", "A kitchen scene with focus on a silver microwave."]
["A man cooking some square food in an oven.", "He tests to see if the cookies are ready to come out of the oven.", "An employee checking the quality of a product coming out of the oven.", "A man cooking cookies inside of an oven.", "A man is in front of an open oven door."]
["A wall click with decorations hanging below it.", "Round objects hanging from a wall under a clock.", "a black and white circle clock mounted on a wall above a shelf holding drinking glasses.", "A clock on the wall up near the ceiling.", "A clock has two decorative balls hanging below it."]
["Inside of a kitchen with a refrigerator and counter top.", "A refrigerator next to a counter with bottles of wine.", "A tan fridge is sitting in a kitchen.", "A small kitchen with an old fridge in the corner", "A refrigerator in a basic kitchen with bottles on counter."]
["A store is filled with chandeliers hanging form the ceiling and various furniture.", "Chandeliers, clocks, lamps, storage units, and statues clustered together.", "A shop with clocks, sculptures, and other items", "Black and white photograph of various furniture on display.", "Several lights and clocks are in a shop."]
["a metal box is sitting on the floor", "An ice machine is one the floor next to a dishwasher.", "A silver ice dispenser on a tan tiled floor.", "A ice machine on the ground in a room.", "an ice dispenser next to a dishwasher in a kitchen"]
["These are archways with mini lights and a clock", "A large building displays glittered clock decorations in its interior.", "The clock is suspended in the middle of columns covered in lights.", "Two archways are decorated with white lights and a clock.", "a building that has a clock on the wall"]
["Glasses sitting on top of a stainless steel refrigerator. ", "kitchen cabinets and a refrigerator with glassware and plants", "glasses sitting on top of a fridge and a planter on top of some cabinets", "A plant is on top of the cabinets in the kitchen.", "Three wine glasses and a glass bowl are on the top of the refrigerator."]
["Assortment of kitchen appliances displayed in white cupboard.", "a cabinet holds kitchen machines like a food processor", "A cluttered kitchen cabinet containing a food processor, blender, ice cube tray, and other supplies.", "A couple of cabinets opened with juicers and blenders in them.", "a open cabinet with a chopper inside "]
["A blender full of fruit stands next to an empty blender.", "One full blender and one empty blender sit on a countertop.", "One of two blenders is full of unblended ingredients.", "two blenders sitting beside each other on  a kitchen counter ", "A counter top with two blenders on top of it."]
["A tilted square photo of a book shelve full of books and a teddy bear with a bow tie in the middle.", "there is a stuffed bear sitting on a book shelf", "A stuffed teddy bear sitting on top of a book shelf.", "A teddy bear sitting on a shelf in a library.", "A stuffed bear and some books in a room."]
["A table topped with a wooden block and an open book.", "Still life color photograph of items on a desk", "We see a low angle view of a cluttered desk top.", "A crowded desktop is shown in very dim lighting.", "A desk holding several items including a clock and an open book."]
["A thing is in the outline and it shows up like something \n", "A white vase with flower sitting on a chair.", "A white chair topped with a vase full of flowers.", "A vase with flowers sitting on wooden chair", "A tin vase filled with apple blossoms sits on a folding chair."]
["A man holding up holding an object inside of a plastic case.", "A bearded bald man in a grey shirt holding up a hairbrush and smiling", "A man holds a cellphone in front of a building.", "a man smiling at a photo in a room", "A bald man smiles and holds up an item for the picture."]
["A blue sculpture with a clock on it outside.", "a clock in a curved blue and metal decorated tower", "An artistic blue sculpture with a clock in it stands in front of a two-story building.", "An artsy blue clock stands outside of a large building.", "There is a clock inside of a curvy blue sculpture."]
["A white plate sitting on top of a plate filled with food.", "Plate of food consisting of greens potatoes mixed vegetable and meat", "A round, white plate is filled with several helpings of different types of food.", "A plate is piled high with an assortment of different foods.", "a white plate with a good variety of food items on it"]
["A woman rushes with a handbag through an empty train station with a large clock.", "A train terminal is often located in a huge brick building.", "A woman is walking near the clock in the middle of a transit station.", "A woman walking through a major train station", "a person walks in a big building "]
["A clock is standing in the middle of the grass in the middle of the afternoon.", "A pole that has a clock on top of it.", "A clock stands along a quiet golf course.", "A clock sitting in the grass near several trees.", "A clock put on a post in the middle of a golf course."]
["A brown teddy bear sitting on top of a pregnant woman's belly.", "A pregnant belly with a teddy bear on top of it", "A teddy bear sits on top of a pregnant woman's stomach.", "an image of a pregnant woman with a teddy bear on her stomach ", "Small teddy bear sitting on the stomach of a pregnant woman. "]
["A clock that is on the side of a tower.", "A tall clock tower reaching into the sky.", "A picture of a historic clock tower. ", "An old clock tower is photographed against the sky.", "A picture of a large stone clock tower."]
["A couple of people walking over a bridge going over a street.", "People are walking across a bridge near a clock tower.", "a bridge with two people and a steeple with a clock", "two people walking across a bridge that is high in the air.", "A clock tower sits behind a high bridge."]
["A clock on a pole sitting next to tall buildings.", "a large post with a clock outside ", "An analog clock on a pole outside near buildings. ", "A large clock is at the end of a street. ", "A clock attached to a pole on the sidewalk"]
["A glass table with a plate of bar cookies, a potted plant and a vase filled with chocolate eggs.", "a vase with candy and a potted plant", "A plant in a clay pot and a vase of red potatoes on a table.", "Foiled wrapped chocolate \"eggs\" in decorative glass, next to a potted plant.", "There are a bunch of chocolate eggs in the glass vase."]
["Flowers in a vase in a dimly lit room.", "The large flowers are in a metal vase on a table.", "some flowers are siting on a dimly lit table", "A bouquet of blooming flowers inside a steel vase.", "A metal container with flowers in it rests on a tabletop next to a matching bowl. "]
["A selection of pottery vases in various colors", "Several vases of different colors on a grey background.", "Several ceramic vases of various colors on display.", "Group of pots intended to be used for flowers.", "A number of brightly colored vases laid out on a table."]
["A decorative container with mini roses is sitting on a pedestal. ", "A plant that has been potted and placed on a pedestal. ", "A vase holds green leaves and red flowers.", "A vase that has some red flowers in it.", "A GREEN VASE SITTING ON THE TOP OF A PLANTER "]
["A large pot with a bunch of white and yellow flowers inside of it.", "a close up of a vase with flowers inside it ", "A vase with an arrangement of wild flowers and branches in it.", "a plant is in a vase on a table", "An orange vase full of flowers with an orange floor and a brown stripe."]
["A vase sitting on a hard wood floor with flowers sticking out of it.", "A red vase with long pink daisies set on a floor.", "Flowers in a red container on the floor.", "A plant grows from a nice piece of pottery", "A flower vase with pink flower inside of it."]
["A pair of scissors and a booklet on the table", "A pair of scissors sitting on a  piece of news paper.", "A red pair of scissors are sitting on top of newspaper.", "A pair of scissors are sitting on top of a newspaper.", "A pair of scissors on a paper on a table."]
["Blue scissors cutting up a plastic credit card", "A pair of scissors is lying on a table with a clipped card in it's blades.", "Pair of scissors cutting credit card in half with wood table", "A pair of scissors cutting a credit card in half.", "scissors on table cutting credit card into pieces"]
["A little girl that is walking in the road.", "A young girl in a pink shirt holding a stuffed animal", "A little girl in a red shirt and blue dress standing on a road.", "A little girl is holding a teddy bear.", "A little girl posing for a picture while holding a teddy bear."]
["A table with scissors and a bottle of podge next to a cutting board.", "Paper, glue and scissors are things needed for this project", "A paper cutter and other crafting supplies are sitting on a table.", "A variety of craft supplies set on a table.", "Design paper sits on a cutting board beside scissors and glue."]
["A lot of stuffed animals that are hanging up.", "Stuffed animals and dolls are hanging and stacked everywhere inside a store.", "a person standing next a many stuffed animals and dolls", "People looking at a vast amount of stuffed animals. ", "A shop with stuffed animals of every kind on display."]
["Bows of food with spoons in them sitting on a table.", "A person holding a bowl of oats, next to bowls of other condiments.", "A table has a variety of foods to serve.", "A table with bowls of grains and fruit and a hand with a plate.", "A large dining table set up buffet style with many bowls of food."]
["A white plate topped with heart shaped waffles next to bacon and eggs.", "A hand is on a plate that is on a table that has heart pancakes, egg, and bacon.", "some heart shaped waffles on a white plate", " heart shaped waffles an egg and some bacon with syrup and coffee", "A breakfast plate with heart-shaped waffles, bacon and a fried egg. "]
["A plate of food and a cup of coffee on table.", "A photo of an omelet and toast with coffee on the side.", "Some bread and egg on a white plate", "A plate of food is shown on a table with coffee.", "A plate on the table that has eggs and toast"]
["Noodle soup with meat slices, in white bowl.", "We see a bowl of meat and noodles in a broth.", "some plates and silverware with some noodles and meat ", "This is a white plate filled with spaghetti and beef with beef broth. ", "Close up photo of a plate of food with two plates behind it."]
["A plate with eggs, sausage and bacon sitting on a table.", "A bowl sitting on top of a table filled with food.", " very cooked food on a grey plate on a wooden table", "A bowl with an egg on top of crumbled bacon.", "Silver bowl with eggs and bacon next to a cup of coffee."]
["Scrambled eggs are accompanying dinner foods on a plate.", "This plate contains beans, scrambled eggs, some sort of weiners, and cherry tomatoes on the vine.", "a breakfast is displayed on a plate on a table", "A couple of different types of food on a white dish.", "A white plated topped with different types of food."]
["A plate of food with sauce and chopsticks. ", "An asian food dish with chopsticks and a cup of tea sits on a table.", "a blue plate filled with ravioli and a kids spoon", "A plate of food and a mug of tea.", "a plate of food near a cup of coffee on a table"]
["Two plates filled with food siting beside a book.", "A plate of food and a book on a table.", "a plate of food with a book next to it, and an eyeglass case in front", "A meal set out on a counter with buttered bread and an open book", "Plate with vegetables and open book on stand"]
["A white plate topped with rice and sauce covered beef.", "A plate of beef and rice on a plate.", "A plate full of food that is sitting on the table.", "A plate full of meat and rice with a drink on a table in a restaurant.", "A plate on chinese food including rice. "]
["A basket filled with food and a cup of salsa.", "Deep fried treats and dip are in a basket.", "A bowl of food with a small container of salsa on a table.", "A person at a table with some food.", "This is some ones lunch and drinks that they are having for lunch."]
["A man sitting on the floor holding a plate of food.", "A man eating a meal up against a purple wall.", "A man against a purple wall eating a sandwich and a plate of food.", "A man in glasses eating a a sandwich on a paper plate with a fork. ", "A man is leaning against the building eating a sandwich."]
["some people at a table with food and drinks", "A group of people seated around long tables look towards the front of the room.", "Man people sitting at rectangular tables; a few people taking pictures. ", "People seated in a restaurant all turned in one direction with some taking pictures.", "A group of people sitting around a restaurant."]
["A person with a hooded jacket is working on a laptop while sitting on a bench in the park.", "A person sitting on a bench using a laptop.", "A person in a red sweatshirt is at the park on a laptop.", "A man in a red jacket has the hood up and is sitting on a bench near a landscaped area with his laptop computer.", "A person sits on a bench outdoors next to shrubbery typing on a laptop."]
["Red ties hanging like nooses in a museum. ", "Red ties hang in an unusual display and cast shadows on the wall.", "A room with red high heels on the floor and red ties dangling from the ceiling.", "A person walks by several red ties hanging and a pair of red shoes on the floor.", "A person walking past a bunch of red neck ties."]
["A collection of books and knick-knacks on shelves.", "a shelf with books some speakers, whatnots and pictures", "A shelf with many books and coffee cups.", "A trio of shelves hold books, speakers, cards and cups. ", "A lot of books that are inside of a shelf."]
["A man in a kitchen instructing a woman on what to do ", "A man and a woman talking to one another in a kitchen with a lot of food", "a man talking to a woman in a kitchen with a lot of food in it", "A man and woman talking in the kitchen.", "A man with an apron on and a woman standing in a messy kitchen. "]
["Hands typing on light colored electronic computer keyboard.", "a close up of a person typing on a keyboard", "A person typing on an old keyboard rather quickly", "two hands are typing on a white keyboard", "Black and white photograph of hands on a keyboard."]
["A kitchen area with counter, sink , stove and windows.", "A kitchen with wood floors and one brick wall.", "A kitchen counter sitting in the middle of a kitchen.", "A modern kitchen including a stove, sink, and utility island. ", "an open concept kitchen with a counter stove and sink"]
["Lamps are the only lighting in this kitchen. ", "a kitchen with a sink windows and a coffee maker", "The only lights on in the kitchen are over the sink and all the dishes are clean.", "A picture of a kitchen and a dining area.", "A kitchen with two sinks under a couple of windows."]
["A woman holding shears in one hand a tile in the other.", "a person standing holding a large pair of scissors ", "The woman in the blue shirt is using really big scissors ", "A smiling woman holding a large pair of scissors.", "a woman in a blue shirt holding a pair of large scissors"]
["A man standing next to a white frisbee flying over a field.", "Several people are playing with a toy in a park.", "A close view of frisbee traveling through the air during a game.", "A frisbee flying through the air after being thrown.", "The frisbee is hovering in the air as people watch. "]
["there are many men playing soccer in a field", "a group of boys playing in a field next to a forrest", "Two teams compete at a sport in a park.", "A group of young men jump in the air playing a game.", "A group of Frisbee players are running around a field. "]
["a smiling woman wearing sunglasses in the snow ", "A woman standing in the snow wearing sun glasses.", "A portrait of a woman skiing in the snow. ", "Someone on skis in the background of the picture.", "A lady smiles while skiing at a snowy ski resort."]
["A black and white photo of an older man skiing.", "Two people on the snow for cross country skiing.", "The old man cross country skis through the forest.", "A younger man and an older man skiing in the forest.", "Two people on skis going through the woods.\n"]
["A kitchen filled with appliances and lots of cupboard space.", "A kitchen with cabinets, a stove, utensils, a toaster oven, microwave and refrigerator.", "A side of a kitchen with a white refrigerator and stove", "A kitchen with a refrigerator and a stove.", "A kitchen is featured with a refrigerator, microwave and stove."]
["A kitchen with a stove, microwave, telephone, table and chair. ", "A kitchen that is mainly made from hardwoods.", "A neat and tidy residential kitchen with white appliances", "A kitchen has a large opening over the sink.", "A large kitchen filled with lots of white appliances."]
["A brick building with an open window next to a few colorful bushes.", "The stone building has an opened window on it's side.", "A building with wide open windows and red ivy", "A view form under a tree of a window", "There is a small window in a stone building"]
["A kitchen sink inside of a center island.", "A white kitchen with stainless steel appliances and granite counter top.", "A kitchen has a stainless steel sink island.", "A stove and a sink in a room.", "An empty kitchen with all stainless steel appliances."]
["A close up view of an orange and other fruit. ", "An orange sitting beside an apple and a banana. ", "An orange sits in front of a lemon.", "Close up of two oranges and a small part of a banana.", "A group of different fruits that are on a table."]
["An adult stands near the counter in a kitchen. ", "A person is working in the corner of the kitchen.", "Woman preparing meal in the kitchen as light comes in", "The person is doing something in the kitchen.", "A person standing in the kitchen by a microwave."]
["A renovated kitchen with stainless steel appliances and a huge stove", "This kitchen has white cabinets and a wood floor.", "a kitchen with a stove a refrigerator and a microwave", "Theres a kitchen with a stainless steel fridge", "This kitchen is well decorated but not colorful."]
["A blurry image of a busy city street at night", "A black and white photo of a city.", "A group of people who are crossing the street.", "Street view of a large Asian city at night", "Several people walking across a crosswalk in a city."]
["The kitchen is clean and ready to be used", "A large kitchen has gray counters and brown cabinets.", "A spacious kitchen with an abundance of wood cabinetry.", "Two ovens are stacked up in the frame work of the kitchen with a microwave next to bottom one.", "A kitchen filled with a center island made out of wood."]
["A group of people enjoying a day at the beach.", "Some people are enjoying time on a beach.  ", "a group of people sitting on the sand with a lake in the background", "Adults and children gather near a dock on the beach.", "Some people are next to a pier on the sand."]
["A cat sits next to a bike that is garnished with flowers. ", "A black and white cat sitting in front of a bicycle parked by a tree.", "A memorial bicycle with a floral arrangement on the handle bars.", "A cat sitting next to a white bicycle on a green lawn.", "A white bike with flowers on the front by a cat."]
["A toilet with a hammer on it in a small room.", "A bathroom being remodeled, with only the toilet left.", "The toilet in the bathroom is broken someone needs to fix it. ", "A bathroom with the sink and its cabinet knocked out", "The remodel of a restroom, with a toilet in it."]
["A nice spacious bathroom with light brown tile.", "A bathroom complete with a bathtub and a sink.", "A bathroom with marble tile, a shower, tub and sink.", "A spacious bathroom contains a large tub and sink with broad counter. ", "there is a sink and shower/bathtub in the room"]
["a orange colored cat peering down on some unknown object", "A cat laying on top of a counter looking down.", "Brown and white cat laying its head over couch. ", "A close-up image of a cat looking intently at something outside of the image. ", "a close up of a cat on a couch "]
["A dual sink vanity with mirrors above the sinks.", "A long marble like bath room vanity with a stool, two sink basins with mirrors and lights over them", "A double sink with mirrors and a stool underneath it.", "There are two sinks in the clean bathroom.", "A bathroom with his and her mirrors and sinks."]
["A white toilet sitting under a window next to a sink.", "A bathroom with a sink, counter, cabinets and a window. ", "A large bright bathroom with tile flooring in it", "This persons bathroom is very clean with nothing in it.", "The bathroom has one window near the bathtub."]
["Woman riding her bike down a small side path.", "A woman walking past a bar with a bicycle parked in front of it.", "A woman rides her bicycle down a narrow street.", "The woman rides her bike down a small alleyway.", "Looking out from a bar window a woman can be seen on a bicycle."]
["A CLEAN AND COLORFUL BATHROOM WITH A LARGE MIRROR", "A public bathroom with large vanity, mirror and stalls", "A corner of a rest room with some sinks and a big mirror.", "This bathroom has plenty of stalls and a couple of sinks.", "a bath room with many stalls and two sinks "]
["A black and white photograph of something I cannot quite make out. ", "a black and white photo of a something on display", "Black and white photograph of a vase in display case.", "A weird box with a strange object inside of it;", "An unclear photo of some type of plumbing."]
["A bedroom with a bike parked in it", "A bicycle rests against a dresser in a bedroom. ", "A bike sitting at the end of a bed in a bedroom.", "A clean bed that is in a room.", "A bicycle leaning against a white dresser next to a bed. "]
["A man standing outside of a building next to bicycles.", "Two people stand outside of a very old building.", "a mirrored door showing the reflection of a couple", "a man in a red jacket and a woman mannequin in a red top", "A room with a ladder, small table and bicycle and two people outside."]
["A man taking his picture in the mirror with a camera.", "A man is taking a photo of himself in the mirror", "a man in his bathroom taking a picture of himself", "Young man with crew cut and dark denim shirt taking selfie in bathroom mirror. ", "A man is taking a picture of himself in a bathroom mirror."]
["Two bikes are sitting in the sand on the beach.", "A couple of bikes sitting on top of a beach.", "Two old-fashioned bicycles parked together on a beach.", "A couple of bikes are parked on a beach", "Two black bikes stand side by side on the beach."]
["A bathroom with a shower and a white sink on a wooded counter.", "A hotel room bathroom with walk in shower", "A bathroom with yellow lighting, a glass shower, and a black countertop sink.", "A bathroom scene showing the shower and sink.", "A high end bathroom with a shower stall"]
["there is a bathroom that has a lot of things on the floor", "A run down building is shown, with dingy white walls.", "An abandoned house slowly falls into neglect and disrepair", "interior of windows and an old bathtub in one room", "A long tub lies in an abandoned room."]
["A car is carrying several bikes on a bike rack.", "A car with bikes on top of it in front of a crowd of people", "Car with bikes and crowd with umbrellas on wet road", "A CAR LOADED WITH BICYCLES ON TOP AND PEOPLE STANDING AROUND WITH UMBRELLAS", "A black and red Pontiac vehicle with a group of bikes on top of it and people standing near by with umbrellas. "]
["A white toilet sitting underneath a picture on a wall.", "A bathroom area with photograph, toilet and white walls.", "a painting hanging above the toilet displays a fancy picture", "A picture frame on the wall above a toilet.", "A small framed picture is hanging above the toilet"]
["A car with an argyle racing stripe in the rain. ", "A car carrying bikes on a roof rack.", "A silver car with an advertisement on the side and bikes on top on a street.", "A Pro Cycling Team's bikes on a car in a parade in the rain", "A silver car driving down a rain soaked street with bikes on top of it."]
["There is a car with bicycles on the top of it.", "The black car has bicycles mounted on it's roof.", "A car that has some bicycles on top of it.", "A car driving down a road with bikes on top of it.", "A automobile with multiple bicycles on a roof rack. "]
["A group of people riding on the back of a tour bus", "A large double decker yellow bus with people all over it.", "A bunch of people standing outside a colorful bus during the day.", "A double decked bus holding a group of people.", "Yellow school bus designed to allow people to sit above and on it. "]
["A red and yellow bus next to some bikes", "Several bikes sit parked in front of a red bus with a yellow flame paint.", "A custom painted bus with a row of bicycles parked against it.", "A lot of bicycles standing beside one another and a bus. ", "Many bikes lined up against a large bus."]
["A very plain and undecorated bathroom with a sink and a toilet.", "a bathroom with a black counter around the sink ", "A bathroom sink with a black counter top.", "THIS IS A PHOTO FROM THE DOORWAY LOOKING INTO A SMALL BATHROOM", "A small sink in a cabinet lies in a lavatory."]
["A commuter train traveling down train track next to a rural road.", "A train that is moving past a residential neighborhood. ", "A man on the road next to a train on the tracks. ", "A train traveling during the day on a track.", "A train approaching the rail road track crossing"]
["A white toilet sitting next to a bathroom sink.", "A white bathroom with a toilet and a counter.", "a toilet cabinet drawers and a towel rack", "A plain white restroom toilet appointment in corner", "The bathroom is very empty and in need of updating."]
["Two wash basins side-by-side next to a toilet and a bidet.", "The picture shows a nice bathroom with a double-sink, toilet, and bidet", "A large and nice white bathroom with lights under the counter.", "Neat and upscale appearing bathroom with toilet in far corner.", "A model bathroom in an upscale house decorated in light tones."]
["A picture of a modern bathroom with a glass door to the toilet and large glass mirror.", "a tiled bathroom with a toilet and sink inside of it ", "A white bathroom with a  white toilet and sink.", "A bathroom that has a door just for the toilet area.", "A bathroom with a toilet, counter, and mirror."]
["A bathroom that has a special shelf for towels. ", "A modern bathroom with rolled towels and wooden side panels.", "This is a photo of a bathroom in someones home. ", "a toilet a mirror towels drawers lights and a picture", "A small bathroom has a vanity, toilet and mirror."]
["The bathroom has a sink, and see through shower.", "A large bathroom with a decent size shower and wooden sink area. ", "Modern bathroom with exotic tiling and counter top.", "This bathroom has a glass shower and a granite counter top", "A bathroom with a shower and a double sink arrangement being shown."]
["A bathroom is shown with white decor and brown cabinets.", "This photo shows a bathroom with sink, mirror, toilet and window. ", "A toilet, sink, mirror, sanitizer and a window", "Picture of a bathroom with shelf over toilet ", "A bathroom is mostly decorated in white. "]
["this is a bathroom and a tub with tile", "The bathroom has a shiny wall and tub", "A woman with a black purse and a bath tub.", "a person is standing near a white tub", "A cean lookign bathroom is laid out with tile"]
["A white toilet under a window next to a sink.", "Some unfinished looking wood is in a white bathroom.", "A white toilet and a window in a room.", "A bathroom with toilet, vanity and a window.", "Corner view of a bathroom with a window above the toilet."]
["A lot of traffic are traveling near the green lights. ", "Cars parked outside if a retail store ", "A street that has different cars in it.", "A white car is driving down a road past some traffic lights.", "a street with a lot of cars and some green street lights "]
["A modern sink is on top of a bathroom counter top.", "A white toilet and sink in a small room.", "A bathroom toilet that is next to a bathtub.", "A bathroom with a wash pan, toilet, and tub.", "this bathroom has a wooden cabinet and a sink on top"]
["A birthday boy with car shaped cake and candles on it.", "A little boy standing next to a car shaped cake.", "A small boy next to a table upon which sits a birthday cake shaped like a racecar.", "A boy sitting next to a race car cake.", "A little boy posing with a race car shaped birthday cake."]
["a bathroom with a sink and a toilet in it", "A bathroom with a sink, toilet, mirror and toilet roll stand.", "A white toilet sitting next to a bathroom sink.", "a bathroom vanity missing its doors and a toilet ", "A small white bathroom  with a wooden cabinet."]
["A black and white of a small bathroom.", "A bathroom with a sink, toilet and large mirror.", "This black and white photograph shows a tiled bathroom with a sink and toilet.", "We are looking through the door of a small bathroom.", "A bathroom that has a tile floor and a tile wall with a white sink and towels hanging off a rack."]
["A toilet is just inside a bathroom doorway.", "Shot inside a plain bathroom from entrance with toilet nearest door.", "A bathroom that has a small divider from the shower.", "a walled of shower is next to a toilet in a bathroom", "Open door to white tiled bathroom with toilet."]
["A bathroom features a picture of a woman a toilet and a sink.", "A nice bathroom has a sink on glass.", "A bathroom with a sink, toilet, and a bath tub.", "A large bathroom with a Marlyn picture behind the toliet .", "A very pretty rest room with a large basin sink."]
["A bathroom filled with a bath tub and his and her sinks.", "A high end bathroom with double sinks and bathtub.", "A bathroom with two sinks and a luxurious tub.", "a bathroom with a tub and double sink", "Two sinks stand next to a bathtub in a bathroom. "]
["A car parked by a parking meter in front of a building.", "A car is sitting parked at a curb in front of a parking meter.", "A black car on the street next to a parking meter.", "A gray car parked in front of two parking meters.", "A black car parked on the side of the road."]
["A giraffe walks through a line of cars in a parking lot.", "A huge giraffe walking between some cars on a road.", "Giraffe walking between cars as taken by a driver", "A giraffe stands in the middle of some cars. ", "A giraffe is walking around in daytime traffic."]
["A car is parked on a street at night.", "Car parked on street next to sidewalk in night scene", "A gray Ford Crown Victoria parked on a city street at night.", "A car parked next to a brick sidewalk on a street at night.", "a car that is parked next to a fire hydrogen "]
["A large white teddy bear sitting on top of an SUV.", "A christmas bear on top of the roof of a truck", "A stuffed animal is sitting on the top of a vehicle.", "A jeep with a giant christmas teddy bear strapped to the stop.", "A large teddy bear attached to the roof of an SUV."]
["A street scene looking down at cars and motorcycles parked.", "A view of the top of cars parked near a curb.", "There is something caught here in this photograph. \n", "a couple of vehicles are parked by a curb", "A van is cordoned off in a parking space along the street."]
["A black and white photo of a child putting on gloves next to a suitcase.", "A boy wearing a coat is putting on gloves near a suitcase.", "A little boy wearing gloves standing next to luggage.", "A boy wearing a winter outfit stands next to some luggage.", "A young boy dressed in winter clothes is pulling on a glove."]
["A couple of women standing in the back of a car with an open trunk.", "Two women putting luggage into a car from the 1950's", "Two ladies holding suitcases standing behind a car with the trunk open.", "vintage photo of two women loading the trunk of a car", "Two women are putting luggage into a car trunk."]
["Each of the three bathroom stalls have trash cans beside the toilets.", "a view into the bathroom looking at three toilets", "A trio of toilets is lined up in a dark public bathroom.", "Three bathroom stalls with toilets in a restroom", "There are three stalls in this public bathroom"]
["A bathroom with a bunch of white tiles in it.", "a tiled wall sits next to a toilet ", "A bathroom that has a toilet and toilet paper roll.", "There is a toilet with the lid up.", "A toilet paper dispenser on a tiled wall next to a toilet"]
["A girl with a drink sitting on the toilet.", "A girl is sitting on the toilet in a bathroom.", "A woman using the restroom without pants on.", "this is an image of a woman on the toilet.", "A lady is sitting on a toilet surrounded by bright pink walls."]
["A motorcyclist riding down the street with a dog in a basket.", "A motorcyclist drives down the road with a dog standing in the basket in the back.", "The white dog with black spots is riding in a basket on the back of the motor bike.", "A man riding a motorcycle down the street.", "A man riding a motorcycle with his dalmatian dog sitting on the back."]
["A toilet with a blue seat cover with a note that reads \" Please Don't Use Sorry\".", "Toilet with blue rug and blue rug cover saying please do not use. Sorry!", "A note is left to advise bathroom visitors not to use the toilet.", "A toilet has a sign that says please don't use.", "A broken toilet with a polite request not to use."]
["Two messy toilet stalls with toilets where one lid is raised. ", "A couple of toilets sitting in bathroom stalls.", "Bathroom stalls with trash on floor in commercial business.", "a couple of toilets in a public restroom", "A bathroom with two stalls, one toilet has the seat up, the other one has it down. "]
["A couple of people standing next to a food cart filled with smoke.", "a lady buying from a man on the street", "A street vendor serves food to a customer. ", "People buying food at a food cart on the sidewalk.", "Two people standing next to a street food stand."]
["A  soldier riding a red motorcycle down a busy street.", "The guy wearing camouflage outfit with the orange reflector vest is riding a motorcycle.", "A safety conscious military dressed motorcyclist in traffic. ", "A motorcyclist wearing an orange vest and driving on the motorcycle down the street.", "A man is riding a motorcycle on a street in traffic."]
["There is a tall tower connected to a building.", "A church steeple rising high in the sky.", "A black and white photo of a clock on a tower.", "Large building with tower and clocks on nice day.", "A tower that is park of a church building and has stained glass windows."]
["A medieval style tower and clock against blue sky.", "A stone clock tower sits beneath a cloudy blue sky.", "A clock sits atop a tower claiming the time to be 2:56.", "A historic clock tower turret still keeps the time.", "A stone clock tower with a wind vane on it's steeple.  "]
["a very tall building with a city clock on it", "On the tower of the building has a clock displayed. ", "A clock tower seen over a pile of rocks. ", "A tower that also has a clock on it.", "A very tall clock tower on top of a rocky hill."]
["A street scene of the intersection with people and cars.", "A group of bikers riding near a cross walk.", "A couple of cops at a busy intersection", "Police officers parked in the street on motorcycles.", "Two police officers on motorcycles stopped at an intersection. "]
["A tall building with a clock on it near a cemetery. ", "There are tombstones in the cemetery next to an old church.  ", "A large tall tower with a graveyard in front.", "The graveyard is outside of a church with a clock tower.", "The church by the cemetery has a clock on it. "]
["A close up of a very large church with a clock. ", "A very tall clock tower sticking out of the side of a church.", "A tower that has a clock on the side of it.", "An old church with a clock tower and oval entry door.", "Church tower, beige stone color under partly cloudy skies. "]
["The graveyard in front of the church is very spooky.", "a tall tower with a clock in the middle near a cemetery ", "Eight tall building that is outside by some grass.", "blurry image of a cemetery with a clock tower in the background", "A clock tower sits against a blue sky in a graveyard."]
["A man on a motorcycle with a woman on back", "A man is on a motorcycle with a woman riding behind him.", "Two people on a motorcycle in front of a white house.", "Male and female posing on a parked motorcycle", "A man riding a motorcycle with a woman on the back."]
["A bathroom with a white toilet next to a sink.", "A bathroom with white, yellow, and blue colorings.", "A small bathroom with a shower, toilet and sink.", "a fully stocked bathroom, cluttered with everything one needs", "This is a large bathroom with white tiles and a large sink"]
["A white toilet in a bathroom next to toilet paper.", "Close up of a clean white toilet with the top up.", "A toilet with a roll of toilet paper is shown next to it.", "A small stall with a toilet seat and its open lid. ", "Toilet with lid open in stall and white tiled floor"]
["A motorcycle near a curb with a building in its mirror. ", "A look down at a nice looking motorcycle with big screen.", "A motor bike parked on a city street.", "Chinese characters are reflected on the mirror of a motorcycle.", "A black and white photo of a motorcycle, with writing in the reflection of a the motorcycle.."]
["a bike that is parked next to a brick wall", "A motor scooter sits parked in front of a brick wall.", "The motorbike is a beautifully designed machine,  a work of art on wheels.", "The parked motorcycle is silver with black handle bars.", "A new silver motorbike parked in a garage."]
["A couple of kittens standing around metal bowls on a tray.", "two baby kittens at the feeding bowls one is drinking", "A kitten drinking water out of a bowl on a tray. ", "Two little kittens drinking water out of the bowls", "Two kittens drink water from some bowls. "]
["An office desk with several monitors and birthday balloons", "A desk with two monitors, a keyboard, a laptop and balloons on it.", "this is a desk with balloons on it", "An office cubicle contains a bouquet of bright helium-filled ballons.", "A desk holds several computers and a few balloons.  "]
["Two men riding on a motorcycle with a young girl.", "two adults and a child riding a motorcycle", "Three people on a scooter on the street.", "A woman, man, and girl riding on a motorcycle together.", "A black and white picture of a scooter with three people riding on it."]
["A black and white still life of a branch with flowers in a vase", "a vase with a flower growing very well", "A black and white photo of a steam of flowers inside a vase.", "a black and white photo with a vase and flower coming out of it", "A black and white photo of a flowing growing out of a vase."]
["A bowl of oranges sitting on top of a wooden table.", "a sock monkey sitting in front of a bowl of oranges", "A monkey stuffed toy sitting on a table in front of a bowl of oranges.", "A stuffed animal sitting on a table, with oranges behind it.", "a table with a bowl of oranges on top"]
["A computer desk with various monitors and speakers.", "A few office desks with three desktop computers. ", "an  image of a two large monitors in a computer center", "a desk with multiple monitors keyboards and laptops", "A full view of a working office with computers. "]
["A spiral of bananas sitting inside of a large bowl.", "Three bananas arranged on a colorful plate on a small table.", "Three bananas lying in an intricately patterned dish", "three bananas in a bowl on a table ", "3 bananas sit in an ornate bowl on a table next to mail"]
["Banana slices and peanut butter on a blue plate.", "A number of cut up bananas with peanut butter on a spoon sitting on a plate", "A sliced banana is displayed on a plate with a spoonful of peanut butter.", "A plate holds a fork with peanut butter and half of a sliced banana.", "A plate of bananas and a spoon of peanut butter on a table. "]
["a bunch of motorcycles are parked on the street together", "A road where many motorcyclists with their vehicles are standing.", "Lots of bikers talk among either other near motorcycles.", "A group of people are gathered around parked motorcycles.", "some parked motorcycles and people and a building"]
["Hundreds of people gathered around looking at motorcycles.", "A group of men standing around a red motorcycle.", "Men converse near a number of parked motorcycles. ", "A group of men talking in between some motorcycles.", "Three men are standing next to a motorcycle, one is wearing a helmet."]
["Man in period costume rides vintage motorcycle with German flag on back", "Some people are standing on the side of the street. ", "A man riding on the back of a motorcycle down a city street.", "The guy is riding his motorcycle down the road with the people watching.", "A man in leather straddles an old motorcycle"]
["A crowd stands around motorcycles parked beside each other.", "A group of motorcycles are set up on display", "Motorcycles parked on cobble road near group of people.", "Motorcycles parked on cobblestone area at outdoor event.", "Several motorcycles are parked together as people stand around them. "]
["a woman riding a little pink motorcycle by a car", "a woman on a pink motorcycle with bull horns", "a woman rides a pink motorcycle that has bull horns on the handle bars", "A woman is riding a pink motorcycle with a scowl on her face.", "A woman is riding a pink motorcycle with cow horns attached to the handlebars."]
["Red motorcycle parked outside of large building in the city, ", "A motorcycle parked on a sidewalk with a man in the background. ", "A red motorcylcle parked outside a building on the sidewalk.", "A motorcycle is pictured outside of a building with a man walking away from it.", "A motorcycle on the sidewalk outside of a building. "]
["A man on a motorcycle outside in a black and white photo ", "A motorcycle is being riden by a young man.", "A man is posing for a photo while on his motorcycle", "a women that is on a motorcycle out side", "A man posing for a pic in a black and white photo."]
["A motorcycle parked next to a yellow thing and tree.", "A black and orange motorcycle on a sidewalk.", "A shiny motorcycle is parked on a city sidewalk.", "Two motorcycles parked on a bricked sidewalk against a newspaper rack.", "A motorcycle parked next to a yellow object on a sidewalk."]
["A black and white dog sleeps in front of a blue door.", "A dog is sleeping on the step by a blue door.", "A blue door with a white and black dog in front of it.", "A healthy cat us lying I. The step if a house", "A dog sleeping on the front poor of a building with bright blue doors."]
["The large building has many windows and a white door.", "Two benches are located in front of the small garden", "Two wooden benches sit in front of a tall brick building.", "An old brick house with a white door", "two park benches in front of some hedges out side of a building"]
["a giraffe standing in the doorway of a barn", "a giraffe in its pen and rocks and a building", "A giraffe standing in a large doorway looking to his right..", "A giraffe standing in a pen with the doors open.", "Giraffe standing inside an open building with three doors. "]
["THERE ARE MOTOR BIKES THAT ARE PARKED ON THE STREET", "thee motorcycles parked next to one another ", "Motorcycles and a car parked on the street in front of stores", "Three motor cycles are sitting in the street outside a coffee house as people walk by.", "A row of parked motorcycles sitting in front of a building."]
["A chair and a couch in a room.", "White furniture and fireplace with a tv over it decorate this living room.", "Interior of a living room with furniture, plant, fireplace and a TV.", "A TV mounted above a fireplace in a nicely furnished living room.", "A TV sitting above a fire place in a living room."]
["A living room filled with furniture and a flat screen TV.", "A living room with a TV and couches is shown.", "Shot of living area that includes chairs, a couch, a coffee table and a television.", "a living room with a couch a chair and a tv", "Daylight shining on television and living room furniture"]
["a man sitting on the end of  a bed in front of a small TV.", "A man sitting on the bed watching tv", "There is a man sitting on a bed watching TV", "a man sitting in the bed looking at tv", "a person sitting on a bed in a room with two beds"]
["A modern flatscreen television sits upon a nostalgic console model.", "A picture of a TV on top of another TV.", "Flat screen television on top of an old tv console", "A new flat-screen T.V on top of an older model television.", "A new tv on top of an old tv."]
["An airplane flies high in the sky while a ship is up close.", "An aircraft flying over a mast with cables.", "a plane is flying way up in the sky", "An airplane flies high above the mast of a ship.", "A plane that is flying high above the power lines."]
["A twin engine airplane parked at a small airport with men in yellow vests looking it over.", "A small airplane being boarded for take-off on the runway.", "A close up of a large, white plane with someone standing beside it.", "Plane parked on tarmac at small airport with service personnel nearby.", "A man standing next to an airplane and in front of a propeller. "]
["The airplane is on the runway with two young men standing by.", "Two men walking the tarmac of an airport.", "Two men at on an airport tarmac. \n", "Two young men walking down a runway toward an airplane.", "Young men are preparing to board a small passenger plane."]
["airplanes floating in the lake on a cloudy day", "a airplane that is on top of the water", "a plane glides acoss thesurface of the water", "A plane is riding along the water in the middle of the evening.", "A plane with pontoons landing on a lake."]
["a very big boat that is in some water", "A seaplane lands in a bay where a cruise ship is docked. ", "A ship is parked next to a big hotel.", "A boat and a sea plane in the same body of water.", "Large white ship dock next to an airplane on the water. "]
["An airplane high in the sky flying overhead.", "A commercial aiplane in flight against a cloudy sky.", "A large airplane flying overhead in the sky", "A plane flying high up in the air.", "A plane is flying through the sky on a fairly clear day."]
["An airplane is doing tricks and emitting smoke.", "An aerial stunt plane in a climb with smoke coming out of the back.", "A biplane performing tricks in the sky with smoke coming from behind. ", "White and yellow propeller stunt plane trailing smoke while climbing steeply.", "a plane in the air with a trail of smoke"]
["An airplane flying through a smoggy gray sky.", "A remote control airplane being flown in a clear sky.", "Blue sky with a green plane with lettering on wings", "A vintage plane that is flying in the air.", "An old propeller war plane flying in the sky."]
["A large passenger jet flying through a cloudy sky.", "a large white airplane flying through the air.", "A Lufthansa airline flight flying in the sky.", "A black and white close up of a large plane. ", "A commercial passenger plane flying in the air."]
["A little girl lies on a wooden bench, eating snacks from a bag.", "A little girl with a snack laughing on a bench.", "A small child is laying on a bench with a small open snack bag on its chest.", "A little girl laying on her side on a wooden bench.", "A small child lies on a bench, holding a plastic snacks bag."]
["A park bench is beside a stone wall and a flowering bush.", "A blue bench in front of a stone style wall and a bush with red flowers to the side of it.", "A blue bench and a flowering bush, in front of a stone wall.", "A blue painted park bench next to a bountiful bush with red flowers", "a berry bush sits next to a park bench"]
["The man is sitting on the bench close to the asian section.", "A man is sitting on a bench by a busy street.", "A man sitting on a bench alongside the curb of a busy street.", "A young person sitting on a bench across the street from a big building. ", "A man in a religious outfit talking on a phone across from others."]
["A traffic light turns green on the corner of a city street.", "An intersection of two streets in a city.", "A green street light in between two buildings.", "A traffic signal sitting on the corner of a street.", "A corner of an empty city street with cars parked on the road."]
["three traffic lights hanging off a pole and some buildings", "Street traffic light that is on blinking yellow.", "A streetlight in front of a cloudy storm.", "A yellow traffic light with over cast skies in the background.", "three stop lights hanging high up in the air"]
["A man and a boy standing next to a tall giraffe.", "Man in blue shirt taking picture of giraffe", "Two men are watching a giraffe while one takes a picture.", "Two people are observing and taking photographs of a giraffe. ", "The women is taking a picture of the tall giraffe."]
["The bench at the tree offers a respite and a scenic autumnal view of a grand valley ", "A bench beneath a tree outlooking a valley in autumn.", "A bench sits next to a tree near a cliff. ", "A wooden bench sitting in a park surrounded by trees.", "The back of a sign in a park on a fall day."]
["A traffic light with a smile green light above a red sign.", "A traffic light is displaying a green smiley face.", "Picture of a traffic light with a green smiley light showing.", "A smiley face made out of black tape on a green traffic signal.", "Tape on a green like makes it look like it has a happy face. "]
["A man riding a bike down a dark city street.", "A man riding on a bike in the middle of the city.", "A person is biking along a city street near road construction at night.", "Bicyclist riding on a city street at night.", "A man rides a bike past construction workers on a busy street."]
["A woman standing on the outside of an airplane.", "A group of people are boarding a small plane. ", "People are loading up their luggage and themselves onto a tiny plane.", "a person with red backpack boarding a small plane.", "People are standing outside of a plane with luggage."]
["a giraffe and a zebra are standing in a field", "A Giraffe is in the forefront and a Zebra is in the background.", "A giraffe and zebra cross paths in a habitat.", "The zebra and the giraffe are walking in opposite directions.", "A zebra and a giraffe walking in opposite directions. "]
["A LOT OF SHEEP IS IN THE GRASS WITH A SHEEP DOG", "A border collie herds three sheep toward a pen.", "A sheep dog is herding three lambs across a field.", "A man sitting in front of the pen with a dog herding sheep in the background.", "A dog chasing a group of three sheep."]
["An airplane flying through a blue sky next to a helicopter.", "a plane is flying high in the sky", "A far away shot of a propeller driven plane.", "An osprey plane flying with a helicopter in the background.", "A plane that is flying in the air."]
["An American Airlines passenger jet takes off from an airport.", "A large commercial airplane taking off into the sky", "American Airlines 747 jet very soon after takeoff. ", "A large plane is pointed upward after take off.", "A passenger plane that belongs to American Airlines taking off."]
["there is a bench on cornet looking out at the water", "A bench overlooks a harbor with several large ships. ", "A bench overlooking a marina where tall ships are moored", "An empty park bench is shown with some ships in the distance.", "A bench sitting on concrete in front of a lake with boats in the lake "]
["A man sitting on a bench next to pigeons holding a news paper.", "An older gentleman sits on a bench reading the newspaper. ", "A man is reading a newspaper on a park bench surrounded by pigeons.", "An older man sitting on a park bench reading a paper near some pigeons.", "A man sitting on a park bench reading the paper."]
["A giraffe walking through a tree filled forest.", "A large giraffe is walking through the trees in a forest.", "A giraffe walking through some tall tree trunks", "A giraffe is walking through the forest with tall trees.", "Giraffe walking in dense tree'd forest on clear day."]
["A tiger striped cat being petted on a wooden bench.", "A brown tabby cat is laying on a wood bench.", "this tabby cat is loving the attention she is getting from this man", "Cat on wooden bench clawing bench arm being petted.", "A cat getting some attention on an outdoor bench"]
["The black cat is wondering what isw behind the wall.", "A cat sitting on a bench pawing the side", "A black cat with white paws scratches and the wooden back rest of a bench.", "A cat that is sitting on a bench.", "A cat sitting on top of a wooden bench."]
["some lightening is striking off in the distance", "An airport filled with lots of airplanes under a lightning filled cloudy sky.", "An airport up close and a strike of lightning in the distance. ", "A lightning bolt hitting a city. The view is from miles away.", "lightning striking during a storm in a city "]
["An old black and white picture of a bus and homes in the background. ", "A large truck parked on a city street.", "A black and white photo of a child standing near a bus", "A black an white age of a very old bus.", "A youth waits for an older bus in a neighborhood."]
["a group of people that are taking a picture", "A bunch of school boys and their teachers at school", "A black and white photo of a young classroom. ", "A vintage photograph showing young students and their teachers. ", "An old class photo of boys and their teachers."]
["The two people sit on a bench overlooking the park", "A couple sitting on a park bench facing the water.", "Two people in hats sit on a park bench.", "Two people in hats sitting on a bench", "Two hipsters sitting on a wooden bench next to each other."]
["People waiting to cross a busy street at night.", "Two people crossing a traffic filled street at night.", "The cars are passing by while a pedestrian in blue shirt is waiting to cross the street.", "Two people cross the street in a crosswalk on a busy street.", "People walking at night in the brightly lit city street."]
["Two traffic lights showing red on a pole with a camera. ", "some red traffic lights a camera and telephone poles", "A traffic camera between two traffic lights that are red.", "A long metal arm with two red traffic lights and a traffic camera", "Two stop lights hang next to each other at twilight."]
["A very tall old building sitting on the corner of a street.", "An old building appears to be in a country which is not US.", "an old building under gray skies at the corner of an intersection", "A very big pretty building on the corner of a street.", "many cars driving on a city street with a bus "]
["A black and white photo of four young children.", "A group of young boys sitting next to each other.", "An old photograph of four schoolboys in short pants.", "A black and white picture of some young boys sitting next to each other. ", "an old black and white photo of children sitting"]
["a street light with the walk symbol on", "A snow covered street light shows that the walking light is green.", "pedestrian sign on a street corner covered in snow", "A traffic light sitting on the side of a building.", "A walk light covered in snow on a corner."]
["A woman rides a horse in the middle of a street.", "A horse riding down the street on a road.", "A woman riding a horse on the road in a small town. ", "A woman that is sitting on the back of a horse.", "A woman riding on the back of a horse down a street."]
["An older black and white picture of a cue of people boarding a bus", "A black and white photograph of kids waiting in line at a bus stop.", "A large group of children and adults lined up to board a double decker bus.", "A group of people form a line next to a bus.", "a group of children line up to get on a bus"]
["this is a group of giraffes walking together", "Several giraffes are walking away at a zoo. ", "Group of six giraffes walking away outside under the trees..", "A group of giraffes running through a grassland area in a zoo.", "We are looking at a small herd of giraffes."]
["The reflection of a woman  in a rear view mirror standing next to a bus taking a picture", "A person takes a selfie in a school bus mirror.", "A person taking a picture in the mirror or a vehicle.", "A woman taking a photo in the rear side mirror of a vehicle.", "A rearview mirror that shows a vehicle and a person taking a picture. "]
["An old van has been given a mirrored finish", "A silver hippy van and a bus for vegans.", "A VAN MADE TO LOOK LIKE A DISCO BALL NEXT TO A TOUR BUS", "a silver tiled van parked next to a red bus in a parking lot.", "A small van painted in silver glitter paint parked next to a double decker bus."]
["a close up of a giraffe behind a fence", "A giraffe walking beside a wire fence near a person.", "A giraffe is next to a fence in an enclosure.", "A giraffe walking by a fence with building in the background.", "A giraffe dwarfs a zoo visitor as he walks past the pen."]
["A herd of goats walking along a dirt road.", "There are plenty of sheep walking together outside the ranch. ", "A group of sheep walking through a desert type area", "A group of sheep walking along a dirt path in a dessert area with a house in the background.", "Some animals are walking down the road on a hot day. "]
["A woman in a blue dress holding an artistic vase.", "A woman is sitting in a chair with a jug.", "A woman in a blue dress that is sitting down.", "Woman sitting on a chair holding a vase on the floor.", "a lady in a chair touching a vase that is on the floor"]
["A park with many trees and benches at night. ", "very many benches outside the house in the field", "A nighttime picture of a park with empty park benches.", "Two park benches are illuminated by lamp light in a park.", "a park setting with a lot of park benches"]
["A wooden bench sitting near a group of buildings.", "An empty bench on an empty sidewalk in front of some shops.", "Bench on the sidewalk of a quaint, old town", "An old fashioned bench is sitting on the sidewalk.", "A solitary wooden bench on a city walkway."]
["a stop and go light on red out side of a building", "A red traffic light located near an office building.", "A stoplight oriented horizontally is mounted on an city street.", "A traffic light suspended from a metal pole near a building.", "A red streetlight with asian writing near a building."]
["A traffic light is showing a green arrow.", "A traffic light of some sort on a busy road of some sort.", "a stop and go light displaying a green light", "A traffic light on the side of the road.", "A green traffic light sitting next to a traffic filled road."]
["People sitting and standing on a bus at night.", "A group of people sitting and standing inside of a bus.", "People standing up to ride on a bus.", "Multiple male commuters traveling in a subway car.", "People standing up on a crowded subway train."]
["two giraffes standing next to each other with a fence between them", "The giraffes are walking together in a zoo habitat.", "The giraffes are walking together along a fence.", "Two giraffes that are on opposite sides of a fence.", "Two giraffes are walking, one on each side of the gate."]
["this is a bus with an ad for a casino", "a yellow and blue truck is driving down the street", "A bus with a Casino Advertisement on it next to a fire hydrant.", "there is a large bus with casino on it going down the street", "a gambling bus ,with logos written ,on it ,in a parking space."]
["A traffic light on a table with a checkered cloth.", "A traffic light sits on a table with other vintage items.", "A great picture of some street lights placed on top of a table. ", "There are several antiques displayed here including a vintage road sign and a set of  traffic lights.", "An old  traffic signal sitting on a table by a window."]
["A white bus sitting on top of a grass field.", "A bus that has bags of luggage on the side of it.", "An old battered bus sitting by itself with junk beside it.", "An old bus sits in a grassy field. ", "A very cool looking old style bus in a field."]
["a woman is wearing a yellow jacket and a man in a white shirt", "A man and a woman are sitting on a park bench.", "Two adults seated on a wooden bench near a river.", "Two people sitting on a wooden bench looking at the camera.", "Man and woman sitting on a bench near a body of water."]
["a giraffe leaning over a fence to eat out of a bowl that a woman is holding ", "A woman holding up a bucket to a giraffe.", "A woman feeding a giraffe by a house.", "A woman is holding a bowl of food to feed the giraffe.", "A WOMAN HOLDS UP A BOWL AND IS FEEDING A GIRAFFE"]
["Three people stand in front of the giraffe zoo section.", "Three people are standing near a tall giraffe's head.", "Two men and a woman people interacting with a giraffe", "A giraffe putting its head near some onlookers at the zoo. ", "A group of tourists looking at a giraffe in in a zoo."]
["Traffic drives down a street on a green light passed tall buildings.", "A traffic light above a street next to a tall building.", "Large dome building sitting behind a city street. ", "A picture of a road and a green stop light.", "View of a partially shaded city street with autumn leaves."]
["Cars parallel-parked on a street with a street-light in the background.", "Several cars driving down a busy street at Markham Ave.", "The cars were parked along the street near the traffic light.", "Cars sitting on a street near a stoplight. ", "A view of parked cars on a city street."]
["The green traffic signals are near two parked vehicles. ", "A car is parked outside behind a street pole", "All of the lights on the street have turned green.", "A truck driving down a street under yellow traffic lights;", "A green traffic light beside cars parked on the side of the road"]
["a red and white fire hydrant is sitting by a curb", "A red and white fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.", "a fire hydrant sitting next to a street ", "A fire hydrant sits on the side of the road", "A fire hydrant sitting on the side of the road in the dirt."]
["A couple of animals that are in the grass.", "Two sheep standing in brambles on a grassy hillside.", "two animals standing in a field with different plants ", "Two sheep, one looking at the camera, while the other looks away are in the wilderness. ", "A picture of sheep grazing on a hill side."]
["A red fire hydrant sitting on a muddy green hillside.", "A red fire hydrant surrounded by lush foliage.", "A red fire hydrant surrounded by mud and grass. ", "A red fire hydrant is placed in the muddy ground.", "A red fire hydrant located between heavy vegetation."]
["The fire hydrant on the side of the road is painted a bright yellow and orange.", "A yellow fire-hydrant on a grassy yard of some sort.", "A yellow fire hydrant with a pole sitting near a field.", "Yellow and orange painted fire hydrant in front of an unkempt lawn. ", "A yellow fire hydrant on the side of a street."]
["A tree in bloom with pink flowers near a rural area.", "A bright pink tree stands next to a small wooden house.", "A pink flowering tree in a back yard garden.", "Beautiful pink floweing tree spread over park bench, landscaping and striped garden shed. ", "pink floral tree next to a log cabin looking shed"]
["A large blue bus on a city street.", "A transit bus pulling through a shopping area.", "The city bus has pulled over the side of the road.", " A bus has stopped on the street beside a building.", "A commuter bus leaves a stop in a commercial parking lot"]
["A brown sheep standing on top of a lush green field.", "A brown sheep in a pasture looking at the camera ", "a sheep standing in a field in front of a house", "A lamb standing on a hillside with a blue house in the background.", "a chocolate colored sheep standing in the grass"]
["A wooden park bench overlooking a valley full of trees.", "A wooden bench sitting next to a tree in a forest.", "A bench is in an area to have a view of the colorful trees", "A wooden bench overlooking a scenic autumn view", "The brown  bench is in the woods "]
["A flock of sheep crosses a dusty road.", "A herd of sheep being herded down a dusty road.", "People are riding in small vehicles around a flock of sheep.", "A herd of sheep crossing a dirt road in front of a red car.", "A herd of sheep cross a dirt road."]
["a large herd of sheep walking down a dirt road.", "A large herd of sheep are walking down a road.", "very many sheep moving together at the path", "A large herd of sheep covering a section of a road ", "Sheep blocking a dirt road in the country."]
["a woman posing on a wooden bench in the woods", "a young woman is posing on a wooden table ", "A woman in white shirt sitting on a park bench next to bushes.", "A female on some wood posing in the woods.", "A woman sitting on top of a picnic table posing for a photo."]
["A red fire hydrant sitting in a parking lot next to a metal post.", "A street level view of a fire hydrant.", "A red fire hydrant on a brick sidewalk next to a street.", "Closeup view of a red Chinese fire hydrant.", "A red fire hydrant seems to have sprung from a bricked sidewalk"]
["A fire hydrant in front of a graffitti written brick wall. ", "A fire hydrant has been painted to look like it has a face.", "A vandalized red fire hydrant in front of a brick wall", "Fire hydrant sitting by a brick wall covered in a mural.", "The fire hydrant sits in front of the grafitti splattered wall."]
["A black and white picture of a bird flying over a ocean", "A mountain under a cloudy sky near the sun.", "a large bird flying over a mountain and river at sunset", "A black and white image of a bird flying over the lake. ", "A body of water in front of a mountain."]
["A fire hydrant is placed in a wooded area", "A red teddy bear standing in a forest on dry grass.", "Picture of a fire hydrant in front of a large group of trees. ", "Red fire hydrant next to fence and trees.", "A red fire hydrant placed by a broken fence and trees"]
["A bright yellow fire hydrant sits among landscaping rocks between the sidewalk and the fence. ", "A yellow fire hydrant next to a sidewalk on a stone ground.", "A lone fire hydrant sitting outside a gate alongside a sidewalk.", "A yellow fire hydrant surrounded by pebbles near a fence.", "A yellow fire hydrant sitting in the middle of a bed of rocks."]
["a red fire hyrdant next to two red poles ", "A red fire hydrant sitting between two red post.", "a red fire hydrant outside in a yard.", "A picture of a red fire hydrant in the shade. ", "A red fire hydrant protected by two tall red metal posts"]
["a giraffe is looking over a fence at a man in sunglasses", "a giraffe looking at a guy while eating some leaves ", "A man feeding a giraffe leaves from a deck area.", "a man stands in front of a giraffe ", "A man looks into an enclosure with giraffes and rhinos inside."]
["a giraffe with a man sitting in front of the girraffe", "A view of a giraffe standing behind a man in an enclosure.", "Two people sit on a bench beside a giraffe.", "a man sitting in a chair next to a giraff", "A giraffe that is standing near a person sitting down."]
["Pair of giraffes standing next to a wooden pole barrier fence. ", "two giraffes eating some leaves in front of them ", "A couple of giraffe standing next to a fence.", "A couple of giraffes eating out of a feeding bin in a zoo type facility.", "two giraffes inside of a cage under a cage"]
["A fire hydrant that is spewing water in the middle of a city.", "Water sprays from a fire hydrant on the sidewalk in front of a brick building in the city.", "An open fire hydrant in an industrial city area squirts water", "A city street with a brick road and a fire hydrant that has a hose connected to it and it is spraying water into the air.", "A fire hydrant on a street is spraying water."]
["A crowd of people standing near a fire hydrant.", "a fire hydrant surrounded by a large crowd.", "People stand on a street near a fire hydrant that is leaking. ", "A leaking fire hydrant with groups of people in the background.", "A large group of people are gatherer together on a street."]
["this school bus is yellow and black with dark windows ", "A school bus on the road behind a truck.", "A large yellow school bus on a road.", "A large yellow school bus driving down a road.", "a school bus is stuck in traffic behind a truck"]
["An older white motorhome pulled over on the side of a highway.", "A van on the side of a two lane road", "A bus on the side of a desert road..", "The van with a trailer on the back is parked by the side of the road. ", "A white van parked on the side of a road."]
["A large herd of sheep stands on the edge of a field.", "Flock of white sheep huddled together in a brown field.", "A large herd of sheep walking across a dry grass field.", "A herd of sheep in a field behind a barbed-wire fence.", "Sheep are gathered together in a dry, grassy fenced-in area."]
["People walk on the side of the street past a bus.", "Pedestrians, cars and buses pass by a busy street.", "People walking down the street doing different things", "A crowd of people walk along a sidewalk near a busy road.", "A group of people walk alongside a bus in the city."]
["a group of people getting off a parked bus", "People milling around a row of two story busses.", "A group of people are standing beside parked double decker buses.", "A group of people are on the grass by busses.", "Rows of double decker busses in grassy area next to people."]
["a couple of buildings that has some cars outside of them", "Old fashioned photo of city street with car", "A car is driving down the street next to a sidewalk. ", "A traffic direction sign on a street with few cars.", "a car drives down a dirty olf rainy road"]
["A road and traffic sign that reads \"motorcycles use caution.\"", "an orange warning street sign on a metal tripod base on the side walk next to a partially paved, unfinished, street.", "an image of a cautionary construction sign ", "A sign reading \"Motorcycles Use Caution\" on a road.", "The sign on the side of the road is telling motorcycles to use caution. "]
["A group of sheep standing in a field.", "Three sheep in a a grassy field with more sheep in the background.", "A flock of sheep are on a green sloping field.", "A group of sheep standing in a rocky field of grass.", "sheep look towards the camera as the stand in a field"]
["A couple of sheep standing on a lush green field.", "A few sheep eating and grazing in someone's yard. ", "Several sheep in a grassy field by a car.", "Some sheep are in the grass next to a house.", "Animals standing in the green yard of a house."]
["A picture of the sun setting in the trees. ", "A STOP sign is sitting in front of the yard. ", "A stop sign next to other signs on a residential street.", "The stop sign is across the street from a large house.", "A stop sign on the side of a quiet street across from a house."]
["Two giraffe standing together and looking towards an area of trees and bushes.", "a couple of giraffes walk next to some trees ", "Two giraffes standing in the grass near trees.", "Two giraffes side by side in the tall grass look into the shaded tree line.", " a couple of giraffes that are walking in the grass"]
["The bikes are parked along the side of the building.", "A family mart store with several bicycles parked outside", "a building with some bikes on the outside", "A busy corner market with many bicycles parked in front of it.", "A corner store has a row of bicycles outside."]
["A couple of people walking down a sidewalk with stars.", "A row of stars on the Hollywood walk of fame.", "a couple walking in the rain using and umbrella", "The sidewalk with stars names on the sidewalk with shops on one side.", "Two people under an umbrella on a wet sidewalk with stars."]
["A baby giraffe is lying down in an enclosed grassy area while a larger giraffe is walking around.", "A pair of giraffes standing around in their enclosure. ", "a giraffe walking in a grassy area inside a fenced area", "An adult giraffe and a baby giraffe in an enclosed field.", "Two giraffes one standing one sitting on green grass"]
["Three white storks with black legs and beaks wading in some water.", "A group of birds with large beaks in the water", "Three water birds wading and  fishing in shallow water.", "Three long legged white birds walking through the water.", "several birds are walking in a line through some water"]
["A good stands in the grass next to the water.", "The brown duck has a long, dark neck.", "A black, grey and white duck on grass area by water.", "A bird that is standing on grass near water. ", "A single goose standing on the bank of a lake."]
["A street sign is posted to watch for senior citizens.", "A yellow street sign warns to watch for senior citizens.", "a close up of a street sign with a sky background", "a black and yellow sign and a red and white sign", "A sign that reads \"WATCH FOR SENIOR CITIZENS\" sits on a pole on a residential street"]
["A yellow street sign sitting on the side of a road.", "Two signs on a curb near a street.", "A sign warns motorists to watch out for older people walking.", "A parking and traffic sign are on the same pole.", "A \"No Parking Sign\" sitson top of a \"Watch For Senior Citizens\" sign."]
["Many cages of birds are stacked at a pet store.", "Stacked bird cages with a variety of birds in them.", "Stacks of cages with small birds in them.", "Many cages of birds in this pet store", "A bunch of cages stacked on top of each other mostly of birds."]
["The animals are in the cages hanging from the wire.", "A group of bird cages sitting next to a tree.", "Birdcages in a row adorn a street with Asian writing. ", "Several wooden bird cages hanging from a wire ", "Five birdcages line the deck in this house"]
["A little boy dressed up like he is on a safari.", "A young boy in a hat and boots playing on a lawn.", "A person stands on the grass with a hat.", "The little boy is wearing boots and a hat outside.", "A young boy dressed in a pit helmet and tall boots."]
["a bicycle and parking sign that is upside down", "The sign on the pole shows bicycles go in a separate direction. ", "a black and white sign on a wood pole", "A sign is posted upside down on a pole.", "A tree in a building has a white sign on it."]
["outside and cars park on the street and a sign name Duke Ellington Bld", "A large red street sign next to a pedestrian traffic signal.", "Several street signs appear on a city street post.", "The street sign says Duke Ellington BLVD W 106 st.", "An intersection on what appears to be a suburb area of a city. "]
["A green arrow sign pointing up next to a stop sign.", "A stop shown is covered by a pole with another sign.", "a stop sign and a green and white arrow sign and some cars", "An arrow points traffic forward, in front of a stop sign.", "A stop sign is behind a sign with an arrow."]
["A man wearing a hat while standing next to a body of water.", "a man is standing in a jacket and hat", "A man wearing a hat and jacket stand in the foreground with boats in the background.", "a black and white photo of a man wearing a hat", "A man standing in front of canoes in the water."]
["Two black horses standing next to each other.", "Some women are riding their horses and taking a picture. ", "A black-and-white photo of two women sitting on horses.", "Two women on horses outside of a building.", "two women are sitting on two horses "]
["A light that is above a white sign.", "The lamp post has a no parking sign on it.", "A light post with a no parking sign posted on it.", "Decorative street light with \"no parking\" sign, next to a wall.", "An older style light pole with a no parking sign attached to it."]
["A cargo train is sitting at a train station.", "A dirty train is riding on the tracks", "A worn and rusty train moving through a freight yard.", "A train traveling through a train yard next to a parking lot.", "Long train on one of several tracks near a train station."]
["Two young boys on horses wearing pith helmets. ", "Two boys in jackets and hats ride horses together.", "Two young boys with hats sit on their horses. ", "Two young boys who are riding on horses.", "A couple of people on horses on a street."]
["A man that is sitting on a horse.", "A person on a horse on a street.", "A child atop a horse in front of a brick building.", "A boy is sitting on a horse in front of a building.", "A boy sits on top of a thin, small horse in front of a brick building."]
["A gentleman and child in a vintage picture with a horse. ", "A man holding the reigns of a horse on which a little boy sits.", "A man standing next to a horse with a boy on it.", "A vintage photo of a boy sitting on a pony that is held by a man. ", "A man standing next to a horse being ridden by a young boy. "]
["a red white and black sign against a white background", "a do not enter sign with a sticker of a man on it", "A street sign hanging on a metal hook from a building.", "A red sign with a picture of a black stick figure man on it.", "A round red sign that shows a silhouette of a person carrying a large white rectangular object."]
["Three street signs located next to a brick building.", "Street signs and direction signs are by a brick building.", "A Hawthorne , Derby, and a \"right lane must turn right\" sign. ", "The two green street names are above another sign.", "A group of street signs is displayed by a building."]
["A railroad crossing sign next to railroad tracks with someone walking on the tracks.", "A person walking down an old railroad track ", "A person walking along train tracks next to crossing guards.", "A filtered photo of a person standing on train tracks.", "A person walks along rail road tracks in a wooded area."]
["a woman stares as a bird flys through the air ", "a woman with eye glasses in front of a pair of birds", "Two seagulls flying in a clear blue sky.", "Two birds are flying toward each other by a boat mast, with a woman looking on.", "Two seagulls flying in the light blue sky. "]
["A person in a hat is riding a horse.", "A man with a hat sitting on top of a horse.", "A man wearing a hat riding a horse. ", "person on a horse poses for photograph in front of a tree", "A man sits on top of a large horse and has his picture taken."]
["A white street sign hanging from the side of a pole.", "A street sign has been erected with two languages.", "A street sign in multiple languages with trees in the background.", "A street sign that is in a foreign language.", "a street sign written in english and arabic "]
["A train engine is sitting at a train station.", "A large long train on a steel track.", "Locomotive on track with official seal displayed on side.", "A train is traveling down the railroad tracks. ", "A train that is is sitting on the tracks."]
["A large building with two white towers with a crowd of people next to it..", "An old black and white photo with street car wires in the air.", "A SCENE OF A STREET WITH CARRIAGES AND A BIKE BOY", "An old black and white photo shows a town from a long time ago. ", "A building and a young boy with a bicycle."]
["A yellow double decker bus on street next to buildings.", "A trail car going down a street lined with buildings", "A city street has a orange double deck bus on it and signs with Asians writing.", "Yellow trolly centered with foreign signs and tall skyscrapers", "A city street that also has tracks for a trolley. "]
["A black and white train passing over a body of water.", "an image of a train traveling over a bridge", "very long train going across a bridge over water", "A long freight train crossing on a bridge over the ocean.", "A train traveling across a large bridge over water."]
["A flock of birds standing on top of a body of water.", "Birds on a small island on a lake.", "A close up of several birds feeding in a body of water.", "some birds are standing by a body of water", "Ducks are enjoying the water off of the shore."]
["A little boy wearing a hat and leather boots.", "Small boy in dress clothing sitting down on a white bench. ", "An old photograph of a smiling boy in high leather boots and a wool coat.", "A young boy sitting on a white bench.", "an image of a boy sitting on a bench posing for a photo"]
["A red and black train traveling through a grass covered countryside.", "Train blowing smoke as it comes around the bend of the tracks", "A steam train runs next to power lines.", "A large long train on a steel track.", "a black and red trains engine is pulling its train cars "]
["A train with many cars is rolling on the tracks. ", "A \"steam rail\" train steaming across a track. ", "A train is coming downt he track and it is full of steam.", "a black and red steam rail train riding on a train track ", "A train riding past trees in the forest."]
["A train sitting in front of a tin building and a dry grass field.", "two train engines sit back to back on a track", "A train on a track near a field with tall grass. ", "An old train engine and caboose are parked in the train yard.", "An old railroad engine at a railway yard."]
["A train traveling down tracks near a rural area.", "A red train chugs over tracks under wires. ", "Two red train engines pull the passenger train through the city.", "A train that is on a track under some wires.", "a red and yellow trains engine is pulling its cars"]
["A yellow and red train traveling down train tracks.", "A TRAIN IS COMING THROUHG ON THE TRACKS", "A yellow and red train is traveling down the tracks", "The long train is passing through an intersection.", "A train makes its way down a train track."]
["One of the blues brothers characters as a statue . ", "a statue of a person wearing a hat and glasses", "a picture of a statue of a man with a microphone.", "A statue of a blues brother holding a microphone.", "Person in front of restaurant window with hat, glasses, tie and holding a microphone to mouth."]
["Locomotive pulling cars on tracks in outdoor area.", "A train on the tracks with smoke coming out the top.", "A train sitting on top of train tracks near  forest.", "A train travelling on a track passing two white gates while smoke is coming from it. ", "An old fashioned steam engine with cars attached."]
["A train traveling through a forest with tall trees.", "A paasanger train is coming down the track", "A long train riding through a wooded area.", "A train making its way down the tracks.", "A small train on train tracks next to a tree."]
["A group of children sit at a craft table.", "Children sitting at a table with paper hats on their heads. ", "Some kids at a birthday party having cake. ", "A group of kids sitting at a table together.", "A black and white photo of three children around a table."]
["The boy is wearing a party hat, and entertaining the table with his noisemaker.", "A young boy who is wearing a tiny hat.", "A young boy wearing a small hag and holding something.", "a kid at a birthday party with something in his hand", "A young man with a little hat is wearing a tie."]
["A beautiful old steam locomotive in the railhouse", "A steam engine train sits in a building.", "a large train is pulled into a tunnel of brick", "A black train parked next to a brick wall.", "A large long train on a steel track."]
["An antique train with green engine and red passenger cars.", "A green and red train with smoke coming from it.", "A green and red train traveling down train tracks.", "An old train travelling on a railroad and going away. ", "A train engine bellowing smoke from it riding down a track."]
["a train on a train track near many trees ", "A steam train traveling through a landscaped area. ", "A train traveling down tracks next to a  forest.", "A train that is sitting on the tracks with smoke coming out of the top.", "A red train travels on a track and pulls several cars."]
["a green sign on a pole with a street light", "Street signage directs traffic moving right along Broadway.  ", "a pole that has a sign on it", "A street with a stoplight on the yellow light. ", "A picture of a traffic sign that says no turn on red arrow."]
["Two street signs with Chinese lettering on them.", "Two street signs, one with the street name in two languages and the other with a cartoon police officer.  ", "Signs showing different street signs on the corner of the street.", "Advertisements in an Asian language in a city.", "Street signs with a cartoon policeman in Shanghai"]
["A street sign is at an intersection by tracks.", "the back of a stop sign on a street", "The stop sign is located in an industrial area.", "A street sign on top of a stop sign along  country road.", "Street signs on the side of the road."]
["A set of train tracks with a street sign next to them that reads 34th Street.", "Railroad tracks and power lines along 34th Street.", "A sign reads 34th street near a train track.", "There is a long stretch of empty train tracks.", "The train tracks run through 34th street, according to the sign. "]
["A street sign sitting along side of train tracks.", "A white street sign next to train tracks.", "The street sign is clearly posted for us to see. ", "A sign is shown next to the train tracks.", "a street sign near a rail road crossing."]
["A train engine traveling down train tracks through a countryside.", "An old-fashioned train riding on the train tracks.", "A train is riding on the tracks into a station.", "Old style train on the tracks in the sun", "A very small train on a empty train track."]
["A picture that has a lady with a laptop.", "A painting of a woman sitting in a chair with a laptop computer.", "there is a picture of a woman holding a lap top", "A picture of a woman in a good frame", "The portrait is anachronistic in that a Victorian lady is photographed with a laptop computer."]
["A small bird sitting on a tree branch.", "Yellow bird staring off in distance on tree branch", "A small bird standing on a wooden branch.", "An angry looking yellow bird on a branch.", "The yellow bird is waiting for its mate."]
["A large bird sitting on top of a tree.", "A green, yellow and grey bird perched on top of a branch.", "A green bird is sitting on top of a branch. ", "a bird stands on top of a wooden stick ", "A portrait of a small bird perched on a tree "]
["A train driving on the tracks near trees.", "A steam train carrying a lot of people is going down the tracks.", "An older style steam engine is pulling a short line of passenger cars.", "A train traveling through a lush green forest.", "A train moves along a quiet country railroad."]
["A train with smoke coming into the train depot", "A train coming down the track blowing steam", "A TRAIN EMITTING SMOKE WHILE MOVING IN A FOREST-LIKE PLACE.", "An old fashioned steam engine chugging on the tracks.", "A locomotive train is passing by a switch point. "]
["A man hangs off a stationary train indoors.", "A man holds onto the side of a train inside a museum.", "A man holding onto the side of a train in a museum. ", "A man holds on to a train car inside a building.", "There is a man standing alone side of a train "]
["A woman waiting on the subway to disperse", "A blue train parked at an indoor station.", "A lady is walking past a train that cannot be boarded.", "A lady walking pas a train in motion. ", "A lady is walking along side a blue train."]
["a train that is on a train track", "This is a plane from the front view", "a japanese bullet train is in a docking station.", "A modern train on a rail line near a station", "A white and blue train pulling into the train station"]
["A city area with various signage and busses.", "a city street with moving cars and buses and lined with advertisement billboards.", "Advertising and traffic clutter a busy city street", "Singage and street vehicles in crowded metropolitan area.", "an image of busy street sign scene "]
["A blue and yellow train coming to a stop at a station.", "A blue and yellow train loading and unloading", "a blue yellow and white train at a station and some people", "A blue and yellow train, is stationary on the tracks. ", "A person is waiting for a train at the station."]
["a man is standing next to a stop sign outside", "A stop sign and people on the street in front of a double decker bus.", "A stop sign and traffic cones are in the middle of the street.", "A man standing next to a stop sign.", "A stop sign with people walking down the sidewalk."]
["An old train moving on a train track.", "An old green steam engine in the country.", "An antique coal powered train on the tracks.", "A locomotive on tacks with smoke coming out of it's stack.", "A train riding down train tracks in an open field."]
["A green train is rolling down the tracks", "A steam engine train travels down a country track.", "A train coming steadily down the tracks, with smoke coming out.", "a train makes its way through a grass area ", "A steam train with cars traveling through the woods."]
["A stop sign with words substituted for each of the letters. ", "A stop sign is posted on the wooden pole", "a stop sign that is nailed to a big pole", "A stop sign is being used as an acronym. ", "There is a stop sign on the road."]
["A fast train crossing over a small bridge.", "A train traveling a trussle over a river.", "A passenger train going across a bridge over water. ", "a train traveling over a river on a bridge", "A train crossing a bridge over a river."]
["a public transit train on a train track with trees in the background", "A small commuter train pulling into the train station", "A train is stopped next to a station platform.", "A commuter train driving past a tall building surrounded by trees.", "A passanger train pulling to a stop at a station."]
["The train could be going as fast as lightning", "A silver and red train traveling down the tracks", "A train moving down a track in the open field.", "A train on a track that runs along a hill side.", "A bullet train is traveling by a hill. "]
["A stop sign is fashioned into a snack store sign.", "A stop sign calling out a snack bar beneath a three-masted ship display.", "A DECORATIVE SNACK SHOP THAT LOOKS LIKE A SHIP", "some signs for a food place with one looking like a stop sign ", "A few signs tyring to get people to eat at a restaurant"]
["A stop sign has some graffiti on it.", "There is a stop sign with spray paint on it", "There is a red and one graffiti'd stop sign.", "The stop sign has some graffiti on it.", "A red stop sign that reads \"Clay Rox\"."]
["A train is travelling on a railroad track.", "A 4-car train is moving along a countryside.", "a train moving on train tracks next to a grass feilds", "The double train tracks allow trains to come and go.", "A red train traveling down the tracks past grass and trees."]
["A train is moving along train tracks through the woods.", "a train travels along a curved forest track.", "An old, short train traveling through a wooded area.", "Short traing coming down the tacks in the middle of the woods.", "a train withe a few rail cars coming down the track"]
["A train that is going by some grass.", "TRAIN WITH WINGS ON FRONT OF IT, TRAVELING DOWN THE TRACKS", "A train engine with multiple cars attached going down a set of train tracks.", "A train driving down a set of railroad tracks.", "A train on one of two of the train tracks."]
["A train going down the tracks that has just gone under a bridge.", "A set of train tracks with a locomotive train travelling on one set and pulling cars behind it.", "There is a train traveling down the tracks.", "A red train with several attached train cars passing under an overpass.", "A train that is sitting on the tracks."]
["A stop sign with road signs sitting on top of it is displayed.", "Red STOP sign with blue street signs attached to it. ", "A stop sign on a pole by some trees.", "A red stop sign with a  Akins Blvd sign above it.", "A stop sign with two street signs intersecting"]
["The stop sign on the street is vandalized. ", "There is a stop sign with graffiti on it.", "a red stop sign that is under some trees", "A stop sign with the word Hate written on it.", "Street sign with a message signed at the bottom of it. "]
["a stop sign sits on a street corner ", "Somebody replaced the y with a r in an all way stop sign. ", "A STOP ALL-WAY sign which someone has changed to read \"STOP ALL-WAR\"", "a red stop sign at a street intersection", "The stop sign on the roads is an all-war stop sign. "]
["A stop sign located at a cross section in a rural area. ", "On a country road, a stop sign stands by a white post.", "A stop sign on the corner of a patch of grass.", "an image of a stop sign that is at the street", "A lonely stop sign on a corner in a remote place."]
["People stand in a city street at a rally.", "A crowd of people on a street with a \"Stop\" sign being held up.", "Large crowd moving together down a city street. ", "A crowd of people marching down a street in front of a red stop sign.", "A sign saying stop is held above a group of people."]
["A large group of trains parked next to each other on railroad tracks.", "A railroad train yard that is very busy", "A number of trains entering and exiting a terminal.", "Many trains are on the busy train tracks.", "A train station with various trains on the tracks."]
["a train being run on a train track near trees", "A railroad train on the tracks letting off steam", "A old coal engine train coming down the railroad track.", "a green and black train engine and its cars on its track", "A stem engine train traveling through a lush green country side."]
["A big train engine with a city skyline behind it.", "The large train is painted yellow, blue, and grey.", "A train engine painted blue and yellow is making its way down the track.", "A train moving with a view of a city in the background.", "A train that is passing by a very large city."]
["a train carries people over wooden tracks in a jungle", "A tourist train with open carriages traveling through a forested area", "a train that is on a long train track", "A locomotive with three cars filled with people, goes over a wooden bridge.", "A train traveling over a wooden bridge with people hanging out of the windows."]
["THIS IS A IMAGE OF A VAN DRIVING DOWN A STREET", "A truck labeled as \"horses\" drives down a street. ", "A truck that says horses on it is on the road near another car.", "A small truck labeled \"Horses\" is driving down the road in the middle of the afternoon.", "A black horse truck driving on a highway."]
["A delivery truck is parked while a man is standing in the back.", "A large moving truck with a giant red and brown throne sitting on the back of it.", "The back of a moving truck that has a man standing on a lift with a royalty style chair next to him.", "a man standing next to a chair in the back of a truck", "A man is inside the back of a moving truck."]
["THERE IS A VAN THAT IS PARKED UNDER A SHED", "a truck with a camper attached under an outdoors canopy", "A small camper truck is  parked under a car-port next to a house. ", "A camper on the back of a small truck parked in the driveway of a house", "A white motor home parked under a cover."]
["a big blue truck sitting on the snow next to some trees ", "An old cargo truck parked on a snowy driveway", "A blue pickup parked in the snow by trees.", "Old truck sitting in snow near house with trees. ", "a truck parked on a snow covered street "]
["A large black steer walking away with a small stuffed teddy bear in a pile of brush.", "A bull walks up to a pile of wood and a teddy bear. ", "A large black bull with horns standing in a forest.", "An ox and a teddy on a pile of wood with trees in the background", "a large bull is standing by some wood"]
["A white and gray cat laying underneath an umbrella.", "Black and white cat sitting under an umbrella.", "A cat is nestled under an umbrella on a tile floor.", "a cate laying under a black umbrella on the floor ", "A white cat sits under a black open umbrella."]
["A black purse and cell phone on a table next to an orange peel and newspaper.", "A cell phone on top of a hand bag laying on a table.", "a coin purse with a orange peel sitting next to it", "A clutch purse and a printed paper with orange peel on top, all atop a wooden surface.", "a table that has a few things on it"]
["An Ox standing in a street while a person rides by on a bike.", "A large brown cow with horns standing on a sidewalk.", "A bull standing in the street of a city with people riding bikes.", "A large steer standing in the street ", "A man on a bike riding past a large horned animal."]
["Man herding some skinny cows in a street.", "The old man is herding the cows in the street.", "A man in India herds a number of cows on the street.", "An older man walking down a street full of cows.", "A man walking in the street with a herd of cows."]
["A truck full of boxes is next to a car.", "The car is travelling beside the truck hauling a load of hay.", "a big truck that has a bunch of cardboard on it", "The truck has a large load that its hauling. ", "A car that is next to a truck with boxes."]
["Several horses are seen milling about this grassy area.", "A few cows grazing grass on a farm.", "cows on the field eating grass besides a factory", "Some brown and white horses are separated by stick fences.", "Some animals grazing in a big grassy field."]
["A car that is outside in the dirt.", "A old firetruck in a dessert scrap yard.", "An old red fire truck parked in rural area.", "An abandoned vintage red convertible fire department truck.", "A red rusted ou fire truck parked next to a dry grass covered hillside."]
["A ca teating green stuff off the floor", "A cat eating some grass as another looks on intently.", "Two grey and white cats in a kitchen area.", "two multi colored cats playing with a leaf on the floor.", "Two young cats eat catnip off of the carpet."]
["A dog wearing a red bag on his shoulder runs in the snow.", "a dog with a pack on his back running through the snow", "A dog wearing a doggy life vest is running through the snow. ", "THERE IS A DOG WITH A PACK ON HIS BACK ", "a dig with a bag on its back runs through the snow"]
["a cat on a chair on the ground ", "A cat cleaning itself on an up-side down chair.", "A cat licking itself on a broken chair.", "The cake is laying down on a chair that toppled over.", "A cat sitting on top of a broken chair."]
["A large black bear sitting on to of a stuffed animal.", "THERE IS A STUFF BEAR ON THE WALL.", "The bear is hanging in the corner of the room.", "A large black teddy bear is in the corner.", "a black and yellow teddy bear hanging on a wall"]
["A long blue classic truck parked in a parking lot.", "An old 1950 's truck is parked in front of a sidewalk.", "An old pickup truck sits outside among other classic cars.", "A pick up truck parked in a lot on the road.", "a long low truck parked on a city street"]
["A cat laying on a blanket in a cage. ", "And old cat looks out while inside of a cage. ", "a blind cat is sitting in a cage", "A tiger lay laying on a blanket in a cage.", "A black and white close up of a car in a cage."]
["This is a gas station with a lot of trucks.", "A truck stop filled with lots of different trucks.", "Service truck parked beside line of tracker trailers under cover. ", "Semis and other commercial trucks lined up at gas pumps.", "A photo of a truck stop fuel station. "]
["Two men standing in front of a white monster truck.", "Two men in suits beside a decorated monster truck. ", "Two men in tuxedos lean against a large truck.", "Two men in formal wear standing next to a monster truck.", "Two lean up against a monster truck decorated with streamers. "]
["A cat walking across a wooden floor next to some chairs.", "A black and white cat walking across the wooden floor. ", "A cat, reflected in the mirror behind it, slinks along a slatted wood floor.", "a cat walking on a wooden floor ", "A tabby cat stands on a wooden floor next to a chair."]
["A cat looking at his reflection in the mirror.", "A cat that is looking in a mirror.", "A cat looking at itself in a mirror.", "A cat looking at itself adoringly in a mirror.", "A cat stares at itself in a mirror. "]
["A cat wearing a collar is looking in a mirror.", "a cat looking at someone while sitting by a mirror ", "A cat that is looking forward towards the camera.", "a black and white cat staring at the mirror", "A siamese cat is looking at itself in the mirror."]
["A brown cat is sitting in front of a mirror.", "A cat looking at itself in the mirror.", "Grown cat looking at its own reflection in a mirror. ", "A cat stares at its reflection in a mirror.", "A cat looking at itself in a mirror."]
["Two brown cows laying in the grass next to a tree.", "Two cows laying on the ground outside, sleeping.", "Two cows sitting in the grass under a tree.", "A cow laying down in the grass next to a tree.", "Two cows laying out together underneath a tree. "]
["A large crane truck driving on top of wet mud.", "A very big construction site with some big vehicles.", "We are looking into the excavation on a building site.", "Construction site with machinery and trucks near a large hole.", "THE DUMP TRUCK AND THE CRANE ARE WORKING "]
["a line of big trucks that are parked in grass", "A small old fashioned truck parked on top of a green field.", "A row of old trucks on a grassy field.", "Three vintage trucks sitting on the grass near each other.", "An old jalopy truck with a flat bed in a car show."]
["A row of vintage cars in a grassy field.", "A blue and black truck sitting on top of a field.", "A row of old cars parked on grass. ", "a blue truck parked on a green field next to other vehicles.", "A vintage Ford pickup truck parked on grass."]
["a brown and black ox and a white and black one and grass ", "Two steer lie on short grass, facing opposite directions, next to a high fence. ", "Large horned cows sitting on grass in an enclosure", "Two cows are sitting next to a tree and a fence.", "Two cows laying in the grass under a tree."]
["A large cow walks over a fox in the grass.", "A cow running in a field next to a dog lying down. ", "A cow running in a field next to a dog.", "A dog laying in a field with a cow walking behind it.", "A bull trampoline a coyote in a field of grass"]
["A cow attempting to get water from a leaking pipe.", "There is a cow under a tree branch looking up.", "A brown humped cow is drinking from a pipe.", "A brown cow has its head under a piece of bark. ", "a  brown cow reaching for a tree limb"]
["Four people are sitting on the dock near boats. ", "a couple of people are sitting on a dock", "Four people posing on a dock near boats", "This is a family sitting on a dock between two boats.", "Three women, a man, and a dog relax on the dock between boats."]
["A couple of men standing on a boat next to a small dog.", "Two men on a blue boat with dog fishing.", "Two men fishing off of a blue boat with a dog.", "Two standing men fishing in a boat with a dog.", "Men are fishing in small boat with a dog. "]
["A black and white photo of a man sitting by the water holding an umbrella to give him shade. ", "A man with an umbrella sitting near the water.", "A man with an umbrella is sitting on a boat.", "A person sitting in a boat on the water, holding an umbrella.", "The silhouette of a man under an umbrella sitting next to the water."]
["A dead fish laying on a platform next to a knife and pliers.", "Fish sitting on a boat with a gutting knife and lure sitting next to it.", "a fish, lure, knife an pliers on a table", "A fish, hooks, pilers and a knife is on a board.", "this is an image of a dead fish with tools "]
["A brown cow standing on top of a dry grass covered field.", "a cow sitting on the bank of a water area with birds sitting on the ground", "A cow with small horns standing near the water's edge.", "a black and white cow and some white birds and water", "White and black cow stands over dead grass by a river"]
["Shaggy cattle with horns graze on grass in a meadow.", "A large bison standing on top of  a lush green field.", "Three cows grazing on a field with grass", "A long haired cow in a field with others in the background.", "Long-haired buffalo are grazing among the open field."]
["A group of cattle laying on top of a dirt barn.", "Two cows laying on the ground in a fenced off area.", "a group of cow resting on the ground in an enclosed fence", "COWS LAYING ON SAND INSIDE A FENCED AREA.", "I cant tell what kind of animals these are"]
["A boat is washed up on the shore.", "A boat sits washed up on the shore of a large body of water.", "A small white boat on the shore of a beach.", "An abandoned boat sits on the shore of a beach.", "An abandoned boat sitting on the edge of the beach"]
["A goat standing in front of a store next to a metal hook.", "A big, brown cow sticks out his tongue while a hook hangs in the background.", "The head of a cow hangs on a meat hook.", "A cow sticks his tongue out in the barn.", "a cow looking out while standing by a barn"]
["Two boats with people preparing food on them.", "A couple of people in boats with food.", "People in small boats deep frying food in a wok.", "A couple of boats filled with lots of bananas.", "four boats with people  carrying lots of bananas and other foods"]
["Small black and white dog laying down on top of a bed. ", "black and white photo of a dog laying on a sheet", "A small black dog laying on top of a bed.", "A small black and white colored dog laying down while facing the camera.", "A dog is looking ahead while laying on a bed."]
["A picture of brothers and sisters in a family.", "Five children in a black and white photograph.", "Two children are sitting and three children are standing. ", "OLD PHOTO OF FIVE CHILDREN, TWO GIRLS SMILING AND THREE BOYS FROWNING", "A black and white picture of boys and girls at a young age. "]
["A group of school children pose for a class picture.", "A group of kids posing for a group picture.", "the people are sitting and standing some are wearing sweaters", "an old photo of people standing close to one another ", "A group children pose together for a picture."]
["A group of young men sitting next to each other on a wall.", "Good friends pose for a picture sitting on a wall.", "Group of young men sitting on a stone fence.", "Young school boys smiling and posing on a stone wall.", "five males and one female sitting on a stone fence"]
["A boy wearing a white dress shirt and sweater with shorts", "A young boy standing in a living room next to a lamp.", "A boy posing for a picture with his scooter.", "a small boy in shorts and a tie and a lamp", "A little boy standing in a living area, in a black and white picture"]
["A section of a yard being dug up next to a building.", "A dug up are in a yard that had grass in it.", "The earth next to a house is upturned.", "A space of yard dug up in front of a storage unit.", "A section of yard is dug up by a fence.  "]
["A MAN WEARING A SUIT AND A TIE STARING ", "A man wearing a grey suit and tie looking at something.", "A man with a tie and a suit.", "A man who is wearing a suit and tie.", "a man in a tie and a suit is indifferent "]
["A man with white shirt and lose tie with messed up hair.", "A man in a neck tie and striped shirt.", "There is a man in a tie looking into the camera", "A man with a tie on giving a curious look to the camera. ", "This young man with tousled hair and goatee is sitting in an office in his shirt and tie."]
["A statue of an elephant hanging off the side of a building.", "an elephant statue attached to a building ", "An elephant sign hangs from the side of a building.", "A golden elephant working as signage on a building facade.", "A statue of an elephant hanging over a sidewalk."]
["a man with a suit and tie and glasses and a pie chart", "A businessman giving a slide show presentation in a meeting room.", "A man does a hand gesture while standing in front of a power point.", "Businessman giving a presentation using a pie chart", "A white haired man with glasses standing in front of a projector."]
["A group of schoolboys in jackets and ties poses for a picture outside a building.", "a group of people that are posing for a picture", "a number of children wearing suits and ties siting near one another ", "A black and white photograph of young schoolboys. ", "Old photograph featuring school age boys all wearing identical uniforms."]
["A group photo of boys in front of a building.", "An older looking photo shows a group of school age boys.  ", "A group of young boys lined up outside a building.", "some boys are wearing green and red vests and ties", "A group of young boys standing next to each other in front of a building."]
["Six little boys are smiling in front of a wall.", "a bunch of kids are lined up against a wall", "A group of boys in suits and ties standing against a building.", "a group of young boys standing side by side up against a wall", "A group of smiling children pose against a building."]
["A group of children posing for a picture with two adults.", "A group of children posing for a picture with older men.", "A large group of people posing for a picture", "An old back and white photo of a group of people posing for a picture.", "This picture from yesteryear shows a group well-dressed boys posing with their two mentors. "]
["Three children taking a photo together in a back yard.", "three children and the girl has on a bathing suit and cap", "Kids stand and sitting by a wall on a summer day.", "Three kids with one kid in swim suit other in suit and shorts and other in skirt and blouse.", "A child in a bathing suit and two other children hugging outside."]
["Boats floating close together in a calm body of water.", "A row of ships in the water along side a dock.", "There are several ships docked at the port. ", "Multiple boats docked in a marina on a large body of water.", "A couple of boats parked on the dock."]
["A crowd of young children sitting next to each other.", "A bunch of very young children posing for a photo.", "A group of kids are wearing dresses and suits and ties.", "A group of kids posing for a class picture.", "A large gathering of small children in a building."]
["Lots of boats anchored in a harbor. ", "Boats are lined up at dock that is on a coastline.", "a small lake full of bright boats and some houses", "Several boats are sitting docked in a harbor.", "A bunch of boats are moored in a harbor"]
["Three young boys dressed in formal clothes, two are standing one is sitting", "a few little boys that are sitting on a couch", "A group of boys that are standing up.", "Group of finely dressed children paying respect in nice house", "Three boys how are standing by each other."]
["Black and white photograph of boys in living room.", "A group of boys playing with each other.", "A group of boys in school uniforms looking at something.", "A group of young boys sitting on top of a couch wearing uniforms.", "A group of similarly dressed small children on a sofa."]
["A black and whit photograph of a boy tying a tie.", "A little boy on a bed has an undone tie.", "There is a boy playing with a tie", "A black and white picture of a bow trying to tie a tie", "A boy sitting on a bed tying his tie"]
["Two people who are walking under the same umbrella.", "Two ladies on a road with an umbrella", "Two people walking down a street in the rain under a umbrella. ", "Two people walking down a street under one umbrella.", "There are two women walking under an umbrella."]
["an old photo of a large group of children", "A black and white photo of school boys wearing ties.", "Group of children standing close together for a picture. ", "A very large group of children pose together for an old professional photograph.", "Vintage black and white picture of a classroom of school boys."]
["A man and a woman eating lunch outside while sitting under a large umbrella.", "Picture of boardwalk with tables covered by large umbrellas", "A couple sits under an umbrella oustide a store. ", "two people sit on a patio under an umbrella on the deck of a restaurant", "Two people that are sitting in chairs under an umbrella."]
["A man with an evil smirk on his face wearing a vest.", "a person wearing a vest, collared shirt and tie in front of bookshelves", "THERE IS A MAN THAT IS TAKING A PHOTO OF HIMSELF ", "A man with his focus looking up at the camera.", "A man with a goatee is wearing a vest and paisley print tie"]
["A group of children are sitting together wearing dresses and suits and ties.", "A group picture of students with their teacher.", "Many children sitting next to each other in a group.", "A large group of children pose together in an antique photo.", "a large group of children wearing ties and dresses"]
["A yellow lab is sleeping on a brown couch.", "A brown dog laying on top of a brown couch.", "A very cute brown dog laying on a brown couch.", "A light brown dog laying on a leather sofa.", "The light colored dog is sleeping on the couch."]
["And elephant eating grass at the zoo with other elephants behind him.", "Elephants in a zoo eating and standing around.", "an image of two elephants at the wildlife park eating ", "The two elephants are grazing in their pens.", "A couple of elephant standing next to each other on a rocky walkway."]
["A giant elephant laying on top of a dirt ground.", "Two small children stand together scrubbing an elephant.", "a black and white photo of children washing an elephant", "Children helping clean an elephants back with a brush", "Two children using brooms to help clean an elephant. "]
["The young couple smiles close beside each other.", "A man standing next to a woman with blue eyes.", "A picture of a woman and man wearing a suit and tie.", "A couple posing for a picture at a formal event.", "A man and a woman formally dressed posing for a picture."]
["A man wearing a white t shirt and a neck tie.", "a man that has a shirt and a tie", "a close up of a person wearing a tie ", "a man in a suit looks into his camera", "A man wearing a suit with a tie.  "]
["A man in a stadium standing next to stacks of chairs. ", "The man is standing near many stacks of chairs.", "A man stands in an empty auditorium next to stacks of chairs.", "A man with glass stands in the middle of an empty auditorium.", "a fish eye lens photograph of a man standing in a stadium with stacked chairs"]
["A woman sitting on the ground holding a purple stripped umbrella.", "A woman with an umbrella crouching down to smoke", "an image of a woman smoking a cigarette in the rain", "A woman kneels on the ground with an open umbrella.", "A woman with a striped umbrella squatting next to a wall."]
["A group of men and boys in suits and ties.", "A large group photo of many different people.", "OLD BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO OF AN ALL BOYS SCHOOL", "About 75 men and boys arrayed for a photograph.", "This black and white photo shows many men young and old"]
["a bunch of people are taking a photo together", "A group of young men sitting side by side for a picture.", "A group photo shows a great number of male school boys and men.", "Black and white photograph of boys and their teachers", "A black and white photo of students in a school posing for a school photo."]
["Many children are posing together outside of the building window. ", "A group of boys wearing suits and ties are posing in front of a building.", "A group of smiling children pose in front of a brick building.", "a large group of little kids out in front of a building", "A group of male children and adults posing for a picture."]
["A woman smiles while sitting in a leisure area under an sun umbrella.", "A smiling woman perched on a chaise long under an umbrella", "A woman is sitting on a lounge chair.", "A woman sitting on a chair under a umbrella.", "A woman sitting on a chair under an umbrella."]
["A round swimming pool has privacy trees around it.", "A round swimming pool with a table, chairs and umbrella. ", "A round pool in front of a table with a blue umbrella and two chairs.", "A small in ground pool situated on a terrace.", "A nice circular swimming pool is in a back yard."]
["A little boy wearing a white shirt and tie.", "School picture of a young boy with a tie on.", "A young boy in a white shirt and tie.", "Young body wearing a dress shirt and tie poses. ", "A black and white photo of a small child with a tie"]
["An old creased photo of a group of boys and men", "A black and white photograph of boys posing for a school picture", "An old black and white photograph of boys sitting and standing in rows in front of a brick building, all wearing coats and ties.", "Vintage black and white class picture probably from boy's school.", "A bent black and white photo shows a group of children"]
["Boys and men are lined up for a group photo.", "A group of school boys in their uniforms posing for a picture.", "a bunch of kids and adults are sitting together", "Men and boys are posed for a group photo.", "An old black and white photo of people posing for a picture."]
["Young boys sitting enthused at front in class picture.", "Two boys sitting on the butts do nothing", "A black and white photo of two boys, with more little kids behind them.", "Two boys are seated on the floor wearing sweaters and ties.", "Two young boys are seated with their legs crossed."]
["a couple of elephants are walking in a line", "Several elephants wearing decorations walking in a line.", "Two elephants that are standing up in the street.", "Several elephants walking in a line for a circus.", "Several elephants dressed for the circus are in line next to people. "]
["A parade of circus elephants lead by an SUV.", "A herd of elephants take their place in traffic.", "a herd of circus elephants walking down a road behind a car", "A car is followed by a group of elephants in a street. ", "A police escort leading the way as several circus elephants travel along the street."]
["there is a young boy eating a candy and taking a picture", "a kid that is in a suite and a black tie", "A boy rolling his tongue for the camera ", "The small boy is holding something in his mouth.", "Cute boy dressed in neck tie and making a silly expression"]
["A person wearing a vest and tie in a yearbook photo", "A cute young lady with an old style hair cut.", "There is a black and white photo of a girl in school uniform", "A young girl wearing a striped tie and a sleeveless sweater.", "This is a black and white picture of a school girl."]
["A group of young children sitting on a bench", "A group of young children sitting next to each other.", "An bunch of kids posing in rows for a photograph.", "Vintage black and white school picture of young boys and girls.", "A black and white photo of young boys and girls."]
["A man in glasses wearing a tie with aliens", "A man in glasses is wearing a tie with extraterrestrials on it.", "A man wearing an alien tie takes a picture of himself.", "a man with an alien print tie who is wearing glasses", "A man is posing for a self photo"]
["A man dressed up and posing for a picture", "A hipster wearing glasses and a tie in front of a wooden wall.", "A blonde haired male posing for a photo in a suit.", "This man is wearing glasses in order to see better.", "A person that is dressed nice taking a selfie."]
["A group of kids that are sitting together.", "A group of children who are posing for a picture.", "A group of children are posing for photo.", "An old picture of a bunch of kids on a small section of bleachers. ", "a bunch of kids are sitting for a photo"]
["A person walking in the rain holding an umbrella.", "A person standing in the rain holding a large umbrella.", "a person with an umbrella some lights and a street", "A person walking in the rain with an umbrella at night.", "A person standing outside in the rain holding an umbrella."]
["A boat sailing on top of a body of water.", "A sailboat is in the distance with a buoy ball nearby.", "an ocean with a sail boat sitting out in it", "ocean showing a boat sailing on the waters", "A boat in the distance on a clear lake."]
["A blurry photo of a cat and a grandfather clock.", "A cat and a large clock in a room.", "A cat is sitting near a clock posing for the camera. ", "Even though the picture is fuzzy, the cat and grandfather clock can be seen.", "Cat near grandfather clock in living room staring away."]
["A marina with several boats tied up to the docks", "A group of boats next to a harbor with buildings in background.", "A group of boats inside a harbor with old buildings behind them. ", "A dock in a city with many different types of boats that are docked. ", "a bunch of boats are are sailing in a body of water "]
["A group of people standing in the rain under some umbrella's.", "People with umbrellas looking towards the grassy area", "people walking in the park in the rain\n", "A large group of people standing with some umbrellas.", "Some people are standing with umbrellas in the rain."]
["A group of men washing a baby elephant in a river.", "a couple of en are washing an elephant in the water", "Men clean a young elephant in a river.", "A group of men washing an elephant's body in a stream.", "Several people are washing an elephant in a large body of water."]
["An elephant with a large trunk sitting on top of a ground.", "a close up of a large elephant with bushes in the background", "A close up view of an elephant's skin, trunk, tusks and eyes. ", "The face of an elephant staring straight ahead..", "An elephant is standing outside in the dirt."]
["An office area with two computer monitor and two hard casesset on a rolling chair.", "Two briefcases are stacked up on a desk chair.", "Two huge cases sitting on a chair in an office.", "Two suitcases that are sitting on a chair.", "A couple of black suitcases are stacked up"]
["A man with a scarf is next to a suitcase.", "A man near several pieces of luggage. ", "A man standing next to several cases of luggage. ", "A man sitting next to a pile of stacked suitcases", "An oriental man stands beside a cart of luggage being pulled by someone."]
["a row of umbrellas opened advertising a beer company", "A cluster of advertising beach umbrellas open together", "There are several Corona Extra umbrellas set up.", "The umbrellas labeled with the Corona logo stand side-by-side outdoors", "A line of corona beer umbrellas under a cloudy sky."]
["A very cute boy smiling and holding luggage.", "a vintage photo of a kid holding a suit case ", "A boy holding a suitcase and smiling with trees in the background.", "A happy boy is waiting outside with his suitcase.", "A boy in a coat holding a suit case and blanket."]
["A group of young women standing under trees in a park.", "a group of women stand in a park area ", "Two ladies with umbrellas greet a man with a guitar.", "Two woman under umbrellas talking to a man with a guitar in a park area.", "ORIENTAL LADIES DRESSED UP EACH CARRYING AN UMBRELLA"]
["A pile of luggage and trunks sitting under a cloudy blue sky.", "Different types of luggage trunks stacked up together", "Pile of dirty old luggage on a city street (possibly an art installation).", "A couple of suit cases stacked on top of one another.", "An art display shows multicolored chests of different varieties stacked on top of each other.  "]
["Two elephants standing next to each other in a grass field.", "THERE ARE TWO ELEPHANTS STANDING NEXT TO ONE ANTOHER", "Two elephants standing side by side in the grass.", "The twin elephants are standing together in the tall grass.", "an image of two elephants with sharp tusks"]
["Numerous individuals are appreciating life and having an incredible time. \n", "Boys are camping in the yard of a home. ", "a group of small boys sitting outside a tent", "A woman standing over a group of young boys outside a tent on a yard.", "The boys are preparing for a tent sleep out in the backyard."]
["A woman carrying an inside out umbrella past a wall covered in graffiti.", "a black and white image of a woman by a graffiti wall ", "A WOMAN WALKING THE STREETS WITH AN UPSIDE DOWN UMBRELLA ", "Woman, with reversed umbrella, walking down sidewalk by wall with grafitti.", "A woman holding an umbrella, which is bent upwardly, passes along the sidewalk in front of a wall with graffiti on it."]
["A family of elephants walking through tall grass.", "A baby elephant elephant is walking along with grown elephants.", "A large elephant walking with two smaller elephants", "three elephants walking in a field and one is a baby", "Two adults and one baby elephant walling the plains."]
["there is a small blue luggage along with other luggages", "A piece of light blue luggage sitting on top of a leather bag.", "Four luggage bags are stacked close to each other.", "Multicolored bags and luggage carelessly strewn on the floor.", "Various types of luggage lying on the floor."]
["A young woman is grabbing a pile of luggage.", "a young girl with a hat moves her luggage away from a hotel", "A woman pushes several bags of luggage outside. ", "Woman holding up a group of suitcases in public. ", "A person with many suitcases on a street."]
["A woman in vintage hat holding a tan suitcase.", "A woman in a black hat and coat looks straight ahead.", "A person dressed up and sitting behind some old luggage ", "The woman is posing for a picture on the side of the road. ", "A woman sitting on a road with a suitcase."]
["A hipster emo woman sitting on luggage in the middle of a road.", "a girl wearing all black sitting on suitcases on the road", "The woman is posing sitting on suitcases for a photo.", "Woman sitting on suitcase in middle of unpaved roadway.", "A picture done by Independent Expression Photography of a girl posing in an empty road sitting on her suit cases."]
["A woman standing next to a brown horse and small dog.", "Woman walking a horse on one leash and a dog on another", "A woman has a horse and a dog both on leashes.", "Man holding a brown horse and a dog on a leash. ", "girl with dog standing next to a horse"]
["A little girl walking a black dog across a field.", "Little girl hold the leash of a puppy on a grassy lawn.", "The little girl wants to go one way, but the pup has other ideas", "A girl holding a pug dog on a leash by shoes and cover.", "a little girl that has a dog on a leash"]
["A man in blue is holding a brown umbrella.", "A view from below of a man holding an umbrella. ", "A man holding an umbrella over the top of his head.", "A man holding an umbrella in his hand.", "A man is holding an open umbrella in his hand."]
["Several people are waiting outside an airport with their luggage.", "A group of people with their luggage wait to board a bus. ", "A group of people standing in a train station.", "A group of passengers with luggage stands by a bus stop.", "A woman holding her child by the pick-up area of an airport"]
["A man riding a paddle board with two dogs on it.", "A man is wave boarding with two dogs.", "Two dogs wearing life jackets riding a paddle board with their human.", "There is a man paddling a board along with his dogs.", "A man and two dogs on a green surfboard out on the water."]
["a little boy holding onto a suitcase in an airport", "a small boy wearing black and standing next to a red suitcase", "A little boy with a travel suitcase in an airport.", "A little boy is at a station holding an upright suitcase.", "a small child holding a luggage bag in an air port"]
["a small child holding on to his luggage", "a small child holds onto a piece of luggage.", "A small person handles a suitcase in a terminal.", "A little boy stands looking away from the camera holding on to a red suitcase.", "A boy with his luggage in an airport."]
["A group of women walking across a parking lot with umbrellas.", "Three women walk through a parking lot carrying umbrellas. ", "Three woman walking on the cement holding umbrellas.", "Women walking down the street holding umbrellas in their hands ", "Three elderly women talking to each other while holding umbrellas in a parking lot. "]
["A long row of nice looking chairs in the sand.", "Empty lawn chairs and umbrellas on a beach.", "A group of chairs under an umbrella on a snowy day. ", "a couple of benches sit under an umbrella ", "Some lounge chairs are arranged on the sandy beach."]
["A teddy bear is on the pillow and a jacket is on the bed.", "A teddy bear laying on a pillow on a bed.", "The teddy bear lays on the pillow in the unmade bed.", "A stuffed animal that is sitting on a pillow.", "A bed with a stuffed animal looking out a window"]
["A brown teddy bear lays on a bed spread.", "A brown teddy bear is laying on a bed.", "A teddy bear lying on a bed with a bird themed cover.", "A teddy bear laying on a bed with a bird comforter.", "a stuffed animal sits on a messy bed"]
["a woman holding an umbrella and walking next to a graffitti wall", "The woman is walking by with an umbrella.", "A woman standing with an umbrella by a drawing of a person on a wall.", "A woman standing in front of a wall with graffiti holding an umbrella.", "a person near an open umbrella near a wall"]
["An umbrella on top of the desk in a home office.", "An open umbrella is on a table next to a computer monitor.", "An umbrella sitting on a desk.with a computer.", "A cubicle at an office with an open umbrella laying on the desk.", "A computer desk with an open umbrella hooked up to wires."]
["a man in a white shirt and his luggage", "A man is leaning down looking at his luggage.", "A man sits with bags of luggage in front of him.", "A man sits surrounded by luggage in a train compartment.", "man looking bewildered looking over all the suitcases\n"]
["A person is walking in the sand near the water.", "A man is running in the sand on the beach.", "A man with a frisbee on a beach near the ocean.", "A man plays Frisbee on the beach at low tide.", "A man running on the beach in swimming trunks. "]
["A polar bear keeping cool in the water.", "a white polar bear swimming in the water near gray rocks", "A polar bear is having fun in the water. ", "A polar bear swimming in a river. ", "A POLAR BEAR SPLASHING AROUND IN THE WATER"]
["Tow men with dog in park playing with flying disc.", "A man reaches down to a black and white dog as they stand on green grass.", "A man playing a game of frisbee with his dog.", "A man and dog in grassy field with cars in the background.", "A man holds a frisbee and a dog stands nearby. "]
["there are two men playing fetch with a dog in the field", "A man standing next to a black and white dog on a green field.", "Adults playing in grassy park with dog and trees", "a person playing with a dog on some grass", "Two men playing frisbee with a dog at the park."]
["A dog that is standing up with a frisbee.", "The black dog is waiting to play frisbee.", "A dog running with a frisbee in it's mouth.", "A dog is gripping the Frisbee while approaching. ", "A large black dog walking across a gravel field with an orange frisbee in it's mouth."]
["Woman laying on a sofa with two dogs.", "A woman laying on a couch with three dogs snuggling.", "A woman is lying on a couch with several dogs.on a couch.", "A smiling woman laying on a sofa with three dogs.", "A woman sitting on a couch with her dogs. "]
["A group of people play Frisbee in a field.", "A group of people play frisbee on the grass.", "Several youth play Frisbee in the field with a monument in the background.", "A group of people run around under a flying frisbee. ", "some people are playing frisbee on the grass"]
["A polar bear walking down the snow in the day.", "Three polar bears that are walking in the snow.", "Three polar bears look in the same direction as they walk. ", "Three polar bears are walking through the snow.", "a big long line of bears in some snow"]
["A bear that is standing in a field.", "A black bear stands in the tall grass gazing into the distance. ", "The black bear is standing in tall green grass.", "A black bear walking across a lush green field.", "a black bear is standing in some tall grass"]
["A black dog standing above a mirror on the ground.", "A dog looking cautiously at its reflection in a mirror like object.", "The dog is drawn to his reflection in the mirror", "A dog in some grass looking at its reflections.", "A black dog is standing near a reflective disk."]
["A close up view of a zebra near trees. ", "A front view of a zebra with an indifferent look on its face.", "A beautiful zebra that is standing still, looking into the camera.", "a zebra stares into the camera with vegetation in the background ", "A zebra that is walking in an enclosure."]
["A herd of zebras grazing with a rainbow behind.", "A herd of zebras grazing in a field and a rainbow.", "The zebras are outside under the rainbow in the sky.", "A group of zebras and other animals grazing in a field with a rainbow in the background.", "Clouds with a rainbow in the sky of an open field with zebras grazing on the grass."]
["a giant rainbow piercing the sky while zebra's eat ", "A group of zebras eating near a rainbow. ", "A zebra herd with a rainbow, behind it.", "a beautiful scenic depiction of zebras near a rainbow", "A herd of zebra standing under a rainbow."]
["A dog laying on desk next to keyboard, phone and monitor.", "A small dog with long hair sits on a computer desk.", "A gray shaggy dog sits on top of an old desk next to a computer.", "This dog is sitting on a desk that has a computer on it.", "A large gray dog sitting on top of a wooden counter."]
["Black and white photo of a boy with a dog.", "A young boy in an old fashioned desk with a dog next to him", "A young boy holding something above a dogs head.", "an old black and white photo of a person playing with a dog", "This is a boy holding up something for his dog to get."]
["Three young men playing a game of frisbee on a sandy beach.", "Asian man in white sleeveless undershirt and grey shorts about to throw a Frisbee. ", "A man about to throw a frisbee in a game with other people.", "Man holding a frisbee in his hand on a sand field. ", "A few men playing frisbee on a sandy court."]
["Someone is holding the muzzle of this black and tan dog.", "A person is showing a dogs upper teeth.", "A brown and black dog getting its teeth brushed. ", "A person grabbing a dogs nose with sharp teeth.", "Someone playing with the mouth of a dog."]
["A close-up of a zebra's face, eating dry grass in a pen.", "An up close photo of a zebra eating hay", "A zebra is eating hay in a fenced enclosure.", "A zebra that is bend down eating hay.", "Close up of a zebra's head while it grazes."]
["Two zebras grazing in the high brown and green grass on the Savannah", "two zebras and eating grass in a dry grasslands in the wild ", "Two zebras standing in the grass near trees.", "Two zebra are standing in the field of tall grass and bushes. ", "Two zebras in the wild graze in a grassland scattered with low trees."]
["Young men playing frisbee in a grassy field.", "A group of people on a field with a Frisbee.", "Several boys on a field playing with a frisbee.", "A bunch of guys that are standing in the grass with a frisbee.", "A group of men dressed in red and blue shirts plays Frisbee."]
["A group of zebra standing on top of a lush green field.", "A group of zebras are grazing on the land.", "Two zebra mothers nursing their babies in the grass", "A group of zebras is grazing and grooming.", "four zebras near each other on a field near grass"]
["Guy jumps up to catch the frisbee in the gym", "A man is in mid-jump on an indoor basketball court. ", "A person off to the side is wearing an orange tank top and a man in the middle is jumping up in the air catching something and across from the gym is a woman and a child.", "a man is jumping in the air with a tennis racket", "A man in a red shirt in midair catching a flying disc."]
["Two women play frisbee in a park. ", "Two young woman in a park doing tricks with a frisbee.", "Two women playing frisbee with one trying to block the others catch.", "a pair of women in a park with other people", "Two girls wearing black shorts are in a park while one girl holds her leg up in front of the other as the other holds a white Frisbee."]
["A herd of zebra are taking a stance while posing for a photo.", "Large group of zebras and wildebeests in a zoo like environment ", "A lot of zebras walking on a field.", "A herd of zebra standing around in a field.", "A lot of zebras are standing around on the grass "]
["A couple of zebra standing on top of a lush green field.", "The two zebras stand across the field from trees.", "Two giraffes are shown in a large grassy field.", "Two zebras standing next to each other in the grass.", "A pair of zebras standing in the middle of a field."]
["A zebra standing on a dirty field next to a forest.", "a zebra is walking around its pen at the zoo", "A zebra bows its neck in a zoo enclosure", "A zebra is walking around in the dirt.", "A zebra walks along a clearing in front of logs and trees."]
["An adult and juvenile zebra standing next to each other in a grassy area.", "A large zebra eats grass and a smaller zebra looks toward us.", "A zebra and a young zebra grazing in a grassy pasture.", "Two zebras stand in the wild, as one looks at the camera and one at the ground.", "Some very pretty zebras in a grassy field."]
["Zebras and rhinos grazing together at the zoo. ", "Rhinoceros are eating hay and some Zebras are standing behind them.", "A herd of rhino standing next to a herd of zebra.", "Zebras and rhinos eating some died up grass.", "Two zebras and threes rhinos eating dried grass. "]
["A zebra laying on it's side on a grass covered ground.", "A zebra lies down on the dusty ground. ", "A zebra is laying in the dirt outside", "The zebra looks up while laying on it's side.", "A single giraffe laying on the ground in the dirt."]
["At least three zebras are standing together affectionately.", "A couple of zebras standing together in the dirt.", "Two zebras next to each other. One is bowing its head.", "Two zebras standing next to each other in a field.", "Two zebras are nuzzling up to each other."]
["Two zebras are eating grass under an umbrella.", "Two zebras are feeding on the ground together", "Two zebra are eating the grass underneath an umbrella. ", "there are two zebras that are eating from the grass", "Two zebras that are standing near each other in the dirt."]
["A pack of zebras are grazing in a field by a bonzai tree.", "A group of zebras stand near a tree in the desert.", "Many Zebra are standing in the desert wild. ", "A group of zebras are standing in a field.", "A field with a tree with a lot of zebra's standing.", "A field with a tree with a lot of zebra's standing."]
["A person riding on the back of a horse drawn carriage on a beach.", "A horse is pulling a two-wheeled card and man on the beach.", "a man riding a horse trailer on a beach", "A horse carrying a person walking on along the beach.", "A brown horse pulling a trailer near a shore line."]
["a horse stands on a beach as a light house over looks it", "a horse on a beach near a body of water", "A horse is standing across the water from a lighthouse.", "A horse grazes on beach grass with a lighthouse in the background.", "A horse grazes in a field by a large pond."]
["A black and white photo of a boy and a horse.", "the boy is standing next to a small horse", "A young boy standing next to a baby horse.", "A black and white photo of a boy and his horse.", "a young boy in swim trunks standing by a small horse"]
["Two horses are standing in a snowy pasture", "A couple of horses that are standing in the dirt.", "Two horses standing near a fence on snowy terrain", "Two horses in a snowy field behind a fence", "two horses standing in the snow inside a fence"]
["A fenced in pasture with four horses standing around eating grass. ", "Four horses are grazing on grass near a fence.", "Several horses are in a field grazing on grass.", "A group of horses walking together in a field. ", "All the horses in the pen are grazing."]
["two horses in a field with a mountain in the background", "Two horses are standing in a field and grazing.", "A little horse is standing behind a big horse.", "A couple of horses standing in a field.", "A large white horse next to a calf in a meadow."]
["A horse grazes on grass in the shadow of a mountain.", "a horse in a field eating grass near a body of water ", "A horse grazes in a field in front of a mountain.", "a horse is standing near a large lake", "A brown horse grazing in a field near water."]
["A brown and white horse crossing the street", "The  brown and white horse is walking in the road.", "A horse is walking down the street alone.", "A horse crossing a street near a field and trees.", "A brown horse walking down the street alone."]
["A group of people posing for a picture next to two brown horses.", "A group of people rising horses and sitting on a fence", "A family of seven posing near two brown horses. ", "A group of people gathered together, three of which are sitting on horses.", "A black and white photograph of two adults and a group of children near a fence, some on horseback."]
["A group of horses are drinking from a river", "Horses drink water from the pond in a lush pasture.", "A group of brown horses are drinking from a pond.", "Several horses are drinking from the water while others walk on the bank.", "Horses stopping at the river to drink some water."]
["Woman on a horse jumping over a pole jump. ", "an equestrian riding a horse jumping an obstacle ", "A woman rides her horse over a jump", "A woman in a black helmet jumping a hurdle while riding a horse.", "British woman competing in a horse jumping event"]
["A couple of horses standing in a river next to an island.", "Two horses standing in a stream next to a wooded area.", "two horses are walking through a river together", "Horses standing in shallow water in a wooded area", "Two horses that are standing in some water."]
["Two people on horses walk down the middle of a street", "A man on a horse and another on a draught horse pass people watching from their front yard", "Riders on horseback on roadway in urban area with onlooker nearby.", "Two adults riding their horses on the street. ", "two men riding on two horse near houses "]
["A man that has fallen off a bucking horse at a rodeo.", "A brown horse standing in an arena next to a cowboy.", "A cowboy that has fallen in the ground during a rodeo", "A horse that threw a man off a horse.", "Rodeo cowboy falling into dirt next to bucking horse"]
["some people are walking up a trail and some are on horses", "THERE ARE PEOPLE RIDING HORESES IN THE STREET ", "The view from a horse being led down a path with others", "People walking and riding horses on the dirt path of a park.", "Group of people on horseback riding towards a red building. "]
["A group of horses pulling a man on a cart.", "Three horses are pulling a wagon full of hay.", "A group of horses that have a cart behind it.", "Three horses pulling a cart with a man riding it", "A group of horses carrying a man on a carriage."]
["A small child riding a pony in the park.", "Small child with white clothes on riding on top of a horse. ", "A small child sitting on top of a horse.", "A little boy that is sitting on a horse.", "Young child riding a horse in a field of black and white"]
["A white horse grazes in a fence in area.", "A golden horse eats grass in the pasture", "A lone horse standing and munching on something for the camera man. ", "A large beige horse standing near a fence", "The adult beige horse is standing close to a wooden fence."]
["A person standing in the stands at a baseball game", "Fans stand as they watch a batter hit a baseball.", "A group of men sitting down at a baseball game.", "There is a baseball player at bat at a game", "A baseball field in which a man in a green shirt is standing up in the crowd."]
["Miniature fruit and chocolate chip cookies are ready for the doll house occupants.", "A small amount of bananas and cookies are placed on the red table. ", "Bananas and cookies sit on a table, with oranges nearby.", "There are bananas and a plate full of cookies on tgectable", "A children's room with toy food on little plates"]
["A pizza sitting on top of a white plate.", "A plain pizza is shown on a wooden table with empty plates.", "A small pizza sits in the middle of a table.", "a tomato cooked pizza on a wooden table", "A plate full of pizza with an empty plate beside it."]
["There are four fruits balanced on the neck of the bottle.", "A  bottle with fruit balanced on top of it", "A wine bottle that has fruit on top of it.", "A glass bottle filled with fruits stacked on top of each other.", "A bottle with different fruits balanced on top of it."]
["a pitcher of orange juice with orange slices in it ", "a close up of a small pitcher of orange juice", "A pitcher of fresh squeezed orange juice as a center piece along with oranges arranged on table.", "A small pitcher or orange drink next to a glass of lemonade.", "Oranges and a pitcher of orange juice sit on a table."]
["A left handed baseball player swinging a bat in front of a catcher and umpire.", "a baseball player swinging a bat at a ball ", "A man hitting a baseball in a professional baseball game.", "Baseball player hitting a ball with a baseball bat.", "A baseball batter trying to hit a baseball."]
["Three skiers posing for a picture on the slope.", "Three skiers pause for a photo at the top of a mountain.", "Three people standing on a mountain taking a picture as they ski. ", "A woman and two men on skis on a snowy hillside surrounded by trees", "Three skiers have stopped to pose for a picture."]
["Two apples, an orange, and a banana form a smiling face", "Two green apples, an orange and a banana arranged to look like a funny face.", "A banana, orange, and apples arranged to form a smile.", "Two green apples, one orange and one banana arranged in the shape of smile.", "Various fruits are placed to look like a happy face."]
["A woman in a white coat in the snow wearing skis. ", "A woman in a long white coat stands on skis in the snow.", "A woman on skis on the snow at night. ", "A woman that has skis standing in the snow.", "A woman wearing a pink jacket holding two ski poles."]
["A baseball player scratching his balls while he stands on the field.", "A catcher is holding a particular area while player in the background look on. ", "A pitcher on the pitching mound gripping his crotch.", "A group of men on a field playing baseball.", "A pitcher on the mound adjusts his cup."]
["A man riding skis on the top of a sky slope.", "A skier on the top of a snowy slope.", "The bearded man poses for the photographer taking his picture.", "a man poses on a snowy mountain with his skies ", "A man smiling as he stands on the top of a mountain wearing skis."]
["A man on a green field throwing a baseball.", "A baseball catcher running out onto the field after a ball.", "A catcher in red helmet on a baseball field.", "A man wearing an umpire uniform throwing a baseball.", "A catcher going after a ball at a baseball game "]
["A person sitting at a table with bagels and a donut.", "Two donuts, banana, cup and a book on the table.", "A hand holding a book on a table with a breakfast and coffee next to it", "Assorted food and drink displayed on table next to adult with reading material.", "Someone sitting at a table with two bagels, a banana, a book and a beverage. "]
["A group of yellow bananas hanging by a door", "Plantains on a stalk sitting on a porch on a sunny day.", "The bananas in the bushel are very large.", "A bunch of ripe bananas hanging outside a home.", "A bunch of ripe banana hanging from a white shelf."]
["A box filled with fresh fruit and vegetables.", "Fruits and vegetables packed in a card broad box.", "There is a box with many vegetables and fruit in it", "A cardboard box full of various fruits. ", "A large box filled with assorted fruits and vegetables."]
["A young boy standing on the top of a sky slope.", "People preparing to snow ski atop a mountainside.", "People with sports gear walking around in the snow.", "thERE ARE MANY SKIERS ON TOP OF THIS MOUNTAIN", "A person on a ski slope looking down."]
["A man on a snowy hill during the day.", "A skier smiling while standing at the top of a mountain.", "A man standing on a snowy hillside by skis and a snowboard.", "A man wearing skis, smiling, on a mountain in the snow.", "A smiling male skier posing near a snow covered hill."]
["A skier stands next to skis stuck into the snow.", "A man standing on the ski slope with his pair of skis.", "A man standing on top of snow covered ground.", "A man that is standing in the ice.", "A man standing in the snow beside his skis"]
["A couple of people on top of a snow covered ski slope.", "Two people in ski gear sitting in the snow.", "Two skiers taking a break beneath a partly cloudy sky.", "Two skiers sitting on top of a snowy mountain.", "Two skiiers sitting down by a rock in the snow. "]
["A piece of partially-eaten cake sits on a paper plate.", "A desert topped with gummy bears sits on a yellow and orange plate.", "a close up of a plate of food with a fork", "A slice of chocolate cake with dark chocolate glaze.", "A slice of chocolate cake with dark chocolate icing."]
["an image of a banana tree in the air", "A live and fruitful banana tree with green bananas.", "A plantain plant with green fruit on it.", "A plant and some leaves in front of the sky.", "A green banana plant next to building and skyline."]
["A person holds a small, rather stumpy banana.", "a person holding a banana in their fingertips", "A person holding a yellow, black spotted banana. ", "A person holding a small banana in their hand. ", "A man holding a yellow banana in their left hand."]
["A display in a store filled with ripe bananas.", "A store display that has a lot of bananas on display for sale.", "a large display of colorful bananas for sale ", "A bunch of bananas are put up on display. ", "Bunches of bananas are neatly arranged on a display."]
["Two people standing next to each other on top of the snow.", "Two people standing in the snow with skies on the ground and standing in the snow.", "Two people standing in the snow with ski equipment.", "two people with hats standing next to ski gear", "Skiers with equipment looking at snow covered rise in distance."]
["A plate with dozens of bananas stacked high.", "A lot of bananas that are on a table.", "A plate with a pile of bananas sitting on a counter.", "an image of a paper plate stacked with bananas ", "A stack of peeled bananas set on a paper plate."]
["A field filled with baseball players playing a game of baseball.", "Several baseball players on field during a baseball game", "A group of players fumbling for a ball on the field", "A baseball field with players looking at the umpire.", "A few baseball players running around a field."]
["a couple of people that are standing on a baseball diamond", "Two boys in red shirts playing baseball in a field.", "Two youngsters in orange tops have catchers gloves and are playing.", "two kids are playing baseball on the field", "A COUPLE OF YOUNG BOYS PLAYING BASEBALL ."]
["A picture of a kid picking up a ball.", "A boy reaches for the ball during a baseball game.", "Two boys playing baseball run to catch the ball.", "two young boys run towards a baseball during a baseball game", "The boys are playing baseball in the field. "]
["A boy running across a field holding a catchers mitt.", "A young boy is running with his baseball glove.", "A young boy in a red hat and shirt with a baseball glove on a baseball field.", "a boy wearing a red shirt is playing baseball", "A young boy running with a baseball glove."]
["some baseball players are playing baseball a batter and a catcher", "Two young boys playing in a baseball game", "Two kids playing a game of Little League baseball.", "A little boy holding a bat during a game.", "A few young boys playing little league baseball."]
["A banana tree with an unripened clump of bananas hanging from a tree vine.", "The green bananas are almost ready to be picked.", "There are several green bananas growing on this plant.", "A collection of bananas grows on a tree. ", "A bunch of unripe bananas hanging from a green plant."]
["A large banana tree filled with lots of bananas.", "A plant with various banana like flowers on it.", "Flowering tree displaying native bloom on sunny day.", "The tree is just now budding in the sunny weather. ", "A flower that has already bloomed in the sun."]
["A small cluster of bananas growing near a fence", "some bananas that are growing but still too ripe to harvest", "A bunch of green fruits in a bundle.", "A bunch of green bananas by a wooden fence.", "A plant that looks like a bunch of unripe bananas."]
["The small frog is lying on leaves of the same color as it's body. ", "Small tree frog blending into plant it's perched on.", "A small front is lying down on the leaf.", "A frog is sitting near a bunch of bananas.", "A bright green frog on a bright green plant."]
["A large green banana plant sitting next to a wooden fence.", "Bananas growing on a stalk near other tropical plants and a fence.", "A banana tree with bananas hanging from its branches", "Green bananas on a tree with a flower at the end of the branch.", "The banana plant is growing fruit that is almost ready to be picked."]
["Grapes, banana, and kiwi are displayed on a plate.", "A bunch of different fruits sitting on a plate", "Various fruit prepared and arranged on a plate.", "a fruit tray with an array of different fruits on it ", "A sliced banana with grapes, kiwi, strawberries and melon."]
["A cake sitting on top of a pan on a table.", "A pizza with lots of cheese on a table.", "A plate is covered with meat covered in melted cheese.", "some kind of food that is on a brown plate", "A cheese topped vegetable dish on a plate."]
["A catcher crouching at the plate in a baseball game.", "A man leans down while wearing baseball catcher gear.", "Young man in catcher's gear playing baseball on a sunny day", "A catcher squats in full baseball catcher gear.", "A baseball catcher is squatting and wearing a red baseball helmet and his mit is facing the ground."]
["A bunch of vegetables that are on a table.", "Cabbage, broccoli and other assorted vegetables are arranged on a table.", "The stack of vegetables include celery, broccoli, and cauliflower. ", "Broccoli, cauliflower, and other vegetables on a black background.", "Cauliflower, onions, broccoli and other vegetables gathered together."]
["a woman on skis with a red shirt is posing for a picture in some snow", "A man on skis, posing for a picture on a snow covered mountain range.", "A woman skiing on a large white mountain.", "A woman on skis is in the mountains.", "A skier preparing to go up a large mountain."]
["A couple of baseball players standing on top of a field.", "a batter is bunting a baseball pitch that was thrown at him", "A man holding a baseball bat in front of a ball coming towards him.", "A full view of a baseball batter about to hit the ball. ", "A baseball player getting ready to bunt in a game."]
["A person riding skis on top of a snow covered ground.", "a man on snow snow skis and two people on a snow mobile ", "A person on skis being carried by a snow mobile.", "A person skiing in the snow while others sit on a vehicle made for the winter time.", "a person riding skis on a snowy surface"]
["Plates of raw carrot, zucchini, squash, broccoli and beans", "a collection of vegetables on plates sitting on a table", "A wooden table topped with three plates of food.", "There are plates with broccoli, and zucchini, and a bowl of carrots.", "Three plates of food on a table contain vegetables."]
["The sandwich is on the table by the glass of milk.", "A peanut butter and banana sandwich with a glass of milk.", "Milk served with a peanut and banana sandwich served on a white paper towel at a grey table.", "A peanut butter and banana sandwich on a paper towel with a glass of milk.", "A peanut better and banana sandwich with a glass of milk"]
["A counter top with meta and veggies cut up.", "A plate containing broccoli, cauliflower, carrots, and meat.", "Several types of food on a ceramic plate.", "A cooked steak, cauliflower, and carrots on a plate", "Large platter of cooked meat is displayed on a table."]
["A spoon filled with peanut butter on top of a banana.", "A person is holding a spoon of peanut butter next to a glass of milk and a banana.", "A teaspoon of peanut butter, a banana and a glass of milk", "A glass of mil, a banana, and a spoon of peanut butter.", "A glass of milk, a banana and a spoon filled with peanut butter."]
["Four male subjects, young and old, that are enjoying winter sports.", "Two men and two boys are posing in the snow.", "Two adults and two children posing on a ski slope", "people with kids posing for a photo on the snow", "Two men and kids are standing out in the snow"]
["in this picture you can see that there are bananas in a tray", "a plate with some ripe bananas on it", "A pile of ripe bananas sitting on top of a table.", "A group of bananas sit on a tray in a messy room.", "Bananas, garlic and a plastic container on a white tray."]
["A man stands on a snowy hill with skis.", "A man standing on a mountain top wearing skis.", "a man on skis stands on a snowy hill ", "a man is wearing yellow and blue in skis in the snow", "A skier stands at the top of a snowy mountain."]
["a kid performs a trick on a skate board ", "A man riding a skateboard into the air.", "A person doing a trick on a skateboard while another person is in the distance holding a skateboard.", "Skateboarder playing in a deserted, concrete city square", "A man jumps into the air in an outdoor plaza."]
["A group of three people standing next to each other on a ski slope.", "A group of people in skis on a snowy slope.", "There people in snow gear standing on slope with skis.", "A group of people holding snow ski equipment.", "A group of people in ski gear at a snow filled slope."]
["A boy is doing a trick on a skateboard", "A young man doing tricks on a skateboard using a bench", "A guy on a skate board up in the air.", "THERE IS A BOY THAT IS JUMPING ON THE SKATE BOARD", "Boy on a skateboard in mid air at a public space."]
["A man with a skateboard flying a kite.", "A man holding a skateboard in one hand and flyimg a kite in his ither hand.", "A man is flying a kite high in the sky.", "A man flying a kite with a skateboard in his hand. ", "there is a man holding a skateboard and flying a kite"]
["A clear bowl of broccoli and chopped nuts.  ", "A food entree is served in a dish.", "A bowl full of broccoli and a mystery topping.", "a bowl of broccoli topped with chopped nuts.", "Prepared dish of broccoli and nuts served in a glass bowl."]
["A table topped with lots of different ingredients for food.", "A counter covered with many various food items.", "There are various food items on a kitchen counter", "Several containers on a counter, containing milk, an egg, flavoring, fruit and utensils", "A table with measuring cups and bowls on it"]
["A saute pan of broccoli and onions stirred by a wooden spoon", "A meal is being prepared in a wok that includes onions and broccoli", "A large black skillet containing broccoli and onions.", "vegetable stir fry cooking in a wok with a wooden spoon stirring.", "Someone sauteing broccoli and onions with wooden spoon."]
["The bowl has mushrooms, broccoli and meat with chopsticks.", "a bowl of some kind of food on it", "A bowl full of Chinese vegetable and chicken with chopsticks.", "Asian stirfry dish with mushrooms, meat, and broccoli sitting on a table.", "A meal of beef, broccoli, and mushrooms is eaten with chopsticks."]
["A man wearing a clown wig while riding on skis.", "Two people posing on a mountain wearing skis.", "Group of skiers in colorful outfits on top of a mountain. ", "Two people that are standing beside one another while wearing snow skis.", "Two people riding skis at a ski slope"]
["a plate of rice and broccoli with meat", "A meal of a broccoli and beef melody with a side of white rice.", "A plate with a mound of rice and a serving of chicken with broccoli.", "A white plate holding broccoli, meat and rice.", "A small square plate of broccoli with seeds and a scoop of rice"]
["some broccoli and potatoes with seed on top in a bowl", "A bunch of broccoli sitting in the middle of the bowl.", "A vegetable dish with broccoli is served in a bowl.", "a plate of brocolli and sesame seeds in a bowl", "Food dish filled with broccoli and chicken topped with seeds."]
["a guy in a half pipe gets ready for his trick", "Several people skate in a skate park in a wooded area.", "guys on a course made for skate boarding", "A man standing on top of a wooden skateboard ramp.", "A wooden skateboard ramp with a person at the top of the ramp with a skateboard at his feet and other people around the ramp."]
["Two people standing on top of snow with skis. ", "Two people posing for a picture, in the middle of a forest.", "A man and a child on skis pose for a picture in front of a snowy stand of trees.", "The man and child smile while wear skis in the snow. ", "Man and young boy posing for photo during ski outing."]
["A young man on skis is skiing on the mountain slope.", "A young boy in skis  and ski gear in the snow.", "A little boy in ski gear riding down a hill.", "A small child on skies smiling in the snow.", "A child smiling and skiing in the snow. "]
["A young boy on the skateboard at the skate park.", "a little dude shredding the gnar at a local skate park", "A boy learning to skateboard in a park", "A young boy riding on a skateboard with a red truck in the background.", "A boy is riding on his skateboard while turned and looking behind him."]
["A grocery store display filled with lots of apples.", "THERE IS AN OPEN MAKRET WITH A LOT OF APPLES FOR SALE ", "TONS OF BASKETS OF APPLES FOR SALE AT AN OUTSIDE MARKET", "Open air market in the city with baskets of red apples for sale.", "A market with many baskets of apples being sold. "]
["Two white bowls that are sitting on a table.", "Bowl of broccoli next to beans on a wooden table.", "A square dish filled with fresh broccoli sits next to a dish containing some sort of seed or bean.", "a bowl with broccoli next to a bowl with a lentil in it ", "a plate of broccoli being prepared to be eaten "]
["A man on a skateboard is performing a trick at the park.", "A man jumping a skateboard with tall buildings in the background.", "A young male in the air with his skate board.", "A skateboarder on his board in mid air.", "A man does a skateboard trick at a park in a city."]
["A man with a backpack on ski's hiking up the side of a mountain.", "Person on skis with a backpack trekking through the snow.", "A guy cross country skis across the snow. ", "A skier heading up a very steep snow covered hill.", "A person with backpack cross country skiing on a hill."]
["The broccoli florets are blue and green in color before cooking.", "a couple of broccoli stalk pieces and leaves.", "The are lots of pieces of fresh broccoli.", "A close up of chopped broccoli florets with some leaves", "close up shot of a bunch of uncooked broccoli florets "]
["A person on skis in the snow pulling on a cord.", "A man riding skis behind another person towing a bag.", "A skier is being towed over the snow.", "A boy on skis being towed by another.", "A person on snow skis is pulling a rope that is attached to something heavy."]
["a variety of a different type of vegetables", "Broccoli and cashew mix cooking for a dinner", "A vegetable succotash has cashews, broccoli and sauce.", "A close up view of foof including broccoli, peppers and onions. ", "The broccoli is mixed with nuts, vegetables, and cheese."]
["a pole is above a couple of skies", "We are looking down at the skis of a skier riding a ski lift.", "A first person view of someone about to ski down a mountain. ", "A person sitting on a ski lift wearing two large skis.", "Looking down at skies from chairlift and snow."]
["A man riding skis on a snow covered ski slope.", "A man on skis in the snow with some snow covered hills in the background.", "A man is standing in the snow on skis.", "A man posed and ready to ski on a ski hill.", "Two skiers on a snowy mountain on a sunny day."]
["A girl coming home from the store on her skateboard.", "A young girl carrying bags while riding a skateboard", "A skateboarder is carrying groceries on his board", "A young girl riding a skateboard while carrying a plastic bag.", "A skateboarder carrying shopping bags glides down a neglected urban sidewalk."]
["a man riding a skateboard down a curvy road.", "People wearing helmets in a skateboard competition down curvy sidewalk.", "The gaily dressed skateboarder cruises along on his sweet ride.", "a skate boarder going down a steep hill while wearing a black helmet and skating outfit.", "person skating fast down an empty road in a race"]
["GALA APPLES ON DISPLAY IN A PRODUCE DEPARTMENT", "A large group of red delicious apples are on display.", "A group of apples in trays next to a metal area.", "a red pile of apples at a supermarket", "Several rows of stacked apples sit in a market."]
["A single female rides her skateboard on a level surface beneath a huge palm tree.", "A woman on a skateboard rides in a courtyard under some Native artwork", "A pretty young lady riding a skateboard nest to a pole.", "A girl with long hair riding on a skateboard", "A girl rides her skateboard in a public place"]
["A man on skis gliding through the snow.", "A person skiing over the snow clad mountains.", "A skier is headed down the snowy hill", "A person on skis riding down a slope with sun in background.", "A guy skiing down a snowwy maintain slope."]
["Man on a skateboard coming down a brick wall.", "A young man riding a skateboard over a stone bench", "A skateboarder rides along a diagonally slanted wall.", "A skateboarder doing tricks on the walls outside", "an image of a boy playing on a skateboard"]
["Three men sitting on a ski lift at ski resort.", "some people sitting on a tram to take them to the top of the mountain", "Many persons are skiing on the snow covered mountains in a row.", "A group of three men sitting next to each other.", "Men riding the ski lift down a slope "]
["A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A male skier heading down a steep ski slope.", "Man crouched down on skis on a sunny, snowy mountain", "A man skiing on a snowy slope with poles.", "A man is skiing down hill in the snow. "]
["A dish with mean inside of it .", "A table with a metal plate holding pieces of meat.", "A food entree is served in a dish with decoration.", "Pieces of steak with garnish on steel plate on table", "Seared steaks in a metal pan garnished with parsley"]
["A young man with a laptop bag travels on a skateboard.", "a person riding a skate board on a city street", "A man skateboards in front of a group of runners.", "The man is carrying a bag and skating down the sidewalk.", "A man rides a skateboard while people are running a foot race."]
["An assortment of fruit and vegetables includes lime, pickles, carrots, and radishes.", "A mixture of fruit and vegetables on a piece of tin foil.", "Various fruits and vegetables wrapped in aluminum foil.", "Assorted fruits and vegetables are arranged in aluminum foil.", "Assorted vegetables in a tin foil curled bowl."]
["A bunch of kids skateboarding off of various objects in a skate park.", "Two skaters show off their skateboarding skills to the crowd.", "A man riding a skateboard on the side of a car. ", "A man is doing skateboard tricks near an old car.", "A group of guys that are skateboarding together."]
["some skateboarders doing tricks and people watching them", "Boys skateboarding over a rusty car onto platforms, with an audience watching.", "A group of kids doing stunts at a skating event ", "Skateboarders are doing tricks as a crowd watches.", "A group of teens performing stunts at a skateboard park."]
["Men are taking pictures of a skater grinding on a car", "A group of people doing skateboarding tricks on a car", "The boys is skateboarding in the parking lot", "A boy is doing skateboard tricks on an old car.", "Several people standing in a skate park with people watching them."]
["A young man flipping a skateboard through the air.", "Two people skateboarding on a city sidewalk in jackets", "Two people on skateboards, one is doing tricks.", "Two skate boarders and one of them mid-jump.", "Two skateboarders doing tricks next to a coffee house."]
["A young man skating near a residential area", "A young man skate boarding at night. ", "A person standing on a skate board in an alley.", "A young man riding a skateboard down a walkway.", "A person standing still on a skateboard, on concrete."]
["A skateboarder flipping his skateboard going down a ramp", "A person doing a trick on a skate board.", "a guy does a trick on his skateboard", "A person on a skateboard doing a trick on a ramp.", "The boy practices his skateboarding skills on his homemade park, using wooden railings and large pieces of plywood."]
["Skateboarder wearing all black going up a wooden ramp on his board. ", "A person doing tricks on a wooden skateboard ramp", "A person pushes a skateboard up a ramp.", "A blurry image of someone on a skateboard", "The kid is skate boarding up the ramp."]
["a person on a skateboard that is at a skate parke", "a male skateboarder in a black shirt doing a trick", "a man is skateboarding in a bowl outside", "A man on a skateboard riding on the edge of a metal object.", "A man skateboarding in a concert skatepark in front of a large building."]
["A man standing on a sidewalk behind a cart of carrots.", "A man is standing in front of a cart full of food.", "A pile of carrots sitting on top of a metal wagon.", "The man is selling carrots from the stand.", "A sales person selling his wares on a older wooden cart. "]
["A man's feet resting on a skateboard ", "A skateboard being used as a footrest by two tennis shoe clad feet.", "A thighs-down view of person wearing khaki shorts, with tennis socks and blue, laced shoes in front of a skateboard on pavement.", "A person's black shoes are against a skateboard", "a man's feet in shoes and a skateboard on concrete"]
["Sandwiches and beverages sitting on a table ", "Two bottles of soda sit near a sandwich.", "A table topped with two sandwiches and bottles of beer.", "A sandwich and two bottled drinks sitting on a table.", "Sandwiches and drinks sit on a table to be eaten."]
["there are many different plates of food on the table", "A table with food in bowls and on plates ", "Table setting with soup, bread and plates of vegetables and rice.", "The meal on a plate is next to a bowl of soup, and plate of rice.", "The food was set out on the dining table and ready to eat."]
["A close up picture of carrots, corn and other foods on a plate.", "This plate is full of cooked carrots, corn, and greens", "A white plate holds corn, carrots and spinach. ", "there is a food dish consisting of corn, carrots, as well as green and red vegetables", "A plate of food has carrots and corn on it."]
["A white plate topped with fish, vegetables and a fork.", "A fork sitting next to a piece of chicken", "Some grilled fish is on a white plate with a fork and some carrots. ", "A fork lays on a white plate next to some shredded carrots and a piece of cooked fish.", "a silver fork and some sliced carrots and fish"]
["The cat is on the mans lap even when he is trying to use his laptop.", "A person sits holding a cat near a laptop. ", "A black and white picture of someone holding a black cat", "a cat on a persons lap near a laptop", "A woman with a cat in her lap sitting in front of a laptop."]
["people walking and skiing along part of a hill", " people skating on a the mountains full of snow", "there are a few skiers climbing up this tall mountain", "People are skiing down a snow covered mountain.", "A group of people who are hiking up a snowy mountain."]
["Some yogurt and baby carrots with dip are on this plate.", "A plate of food with baby carrots and yogurt.", "a plate of carrots and ranch and a side of yogurt ", "Carrots and dressing on a plate with some yogurt. ", "A plate topped with baby carrots, a cup of dressing and yogurt."]
["A snow skier is on the white snow.", "A person skis on a snowy forested slope", "A man riding skis in front of a snow filled forest.", "a person riding skis on a snowy slope", "A man wearing a backpack going downhill on skis."]
["A young man riding skis down the side of a snow covered slope.", "Somebody is gotten in the peaceful of the picture. \n", "A man that is standing on ski's in the snow.", "Person riding down snowy hill on a pair of skis", "A skier is skis down a snowy hill on a sunny day."]
["A boy kneeling down by his skateboard and holding up his arm cast.", "A boy with a cast is kneeling by a skateboard.", "A boy next to a skateboard wearing an arm cast.", "A young man kneeling in the middle of a street.", "A boy shows off his arm cast on his skateboard"]
["A man kneeling down in the snow next to his small son on skis", "A man talking to a child on skis in the snow. ", "A man is teaching a small child to ski.", "A man and a kid on skis in the snow.", "A kneeling adult instructing a child on how to ski."]
["A woman washing carrots on a counter in a kitchen.", "A woman stands at a kitchen counter covered with vegetables.", "A woman preparing vegetables at a kitchen counter.", "A woman at a kitchen counter in front of a few bunches of variously colored carrots.", "A beautiful woman standing in a kitchen preparing food."]
["a birthday cake is being cut by a knife ", "A birthday cake topped with decorations and the number twenty-two ", "Birthday cake being sliced by a large knife.", "Someone is cutting the blue birthday cake with two no. 2 candles on it.", "A sheet cake covered in blue frosting and two number 2 candles."]
["a female wearing short shorts and cutting a cake with a knife", "A girl in a green shirt and denim skirt cutting a cake.", "A woman in a short skirt cutting a cake.", "a woman in a skirt cuts a cake ", "A woman cutting a cake with a knife."]
["A shirtless person cutting a heart shaped cake with a knife.", "A birthday cake in the shape of a heart is being cut.", "A child cutting a birthday cake on a table ", "Close up of an arm cutting a birthday cake.", "A child is cutting a birthday cake with a knife."]
["A bot with a large drink cup jumping his skateboard.", "Skateboarder in mid air, performing a trick on board", "A man riding a skateboard while flying into the air.", "A skateboarder performing an airborne trick with a cup in one hand", "A teenaged boy on a school campus holding a soda and jumping on his skateboard. "]
["a man is doing a trick on a skateboard", "a man skating on a very high level with his hands up", "The eye view shows a unique view of the skateboarder.", "a boy grinding down a rail on a skate board", "A male skateboarding on a railing with a guy watching."]
["a person that is on a black skateboard", "Skat boarder performing trick on rail in skate park", "Person standing on skateboard at skate park at night. ", "A person in blue is riding a skateboard.", "A skateboarder at a skating park in the evening."]
["a teenager playing in a skate park with a skateboard\n", "A man flipping a skateboard off of a rail in a skate park.", "Skateboarder caught mid-flight from a ramp at a skate park", "A person that is doing a skateboarding trick in the air.", "A man is jumping high on a skate board over a ramp "]
["A man riding a skateboard on a rail at a skate park.", "A skateboarder is grinding a rail at a skatepark at night.", "A man does tricks on his skateboard on a rail", "Man wearing a helmet taking a jump with a skateboard.", "A skateboarder balances on a skateboard on a skateboarding arena at night."]
["A man riding a skate board up a metal rail.", "A man in the air on a skateboard doing a trick.", "a man on a skateboard performs a trick using a railing", "A man wearing a bandana jumps his skateboard over a railing.", "A young man doing a trick on a skating rail."]
["a man is snowboarding on a snowy hill", "A man on snow skis traveling down a hill.", "a person riding skis on a snowy surface ", "A man snow boarding down a hill looks across the sky", "A skier going down a mountain with the sun behind them. "]
["Farmer's market style display of carrots, celery, egg plants and squash.", "Fresh vegetables piled up for sale in a super market", "Sweet potatoes, eggplant, and other vegetables in a produce aisle.", "many types of vegetables in the vegetable section of a market", "A vegetable stand containing carrots and other vegetables."]
["A person on skis jumps down a snowy hill.", "Skier in mid air after performing a small jump.", "The skier is jumping into the air over the snow. ", "A skier making a small jump on the slopes ", "A person leaping into the air as they ski."]
["A woman points at her plate of spaghetti. ", "A person that is smiling holding some food.", "a close up of a person holding a plate of spaghetti ", "A woman is smiling while eating spaghetti and a hotdog.", "A woman smiling while eating a plate of spaghetti and hot dog"]
["A skateboarder jumping off a skateboard ramp performing a trick.", "A man jumping up in the air on a skateboard.", "Man on skateboard mid air during a jump. ", "A person is high in the air on a skateboard.", "a male skateboarder  in a black shirt is doing a trick"]
["A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "A young man doing tricks on a skateboard at a park", "A skate boarder is holding his board in a jump", "A guy doing a trick in the air with a skateboard", "a man holding his skateboard as he does a jump in the air "]
["A boy in a helmet rides a skateboard", "A person in a helmet riding a skateboard.", "Small boy in a blue shirt riding on a skateboard. ", "A person wears a helmet as they ride a skate board.", "A man riding a skateboard down a street."]
["A half a sandwich sitting on top of a plate.", "A plate with a very tasty looking sandwich and salad.", "a plate with a sandwich, salad and dressing on it ", "A half sandwich and a side salad on a white plate", "A plate with a small salad and sandwich on a table "]
["A white plate topped with a hot dog, french fries and condiments.", "Plate of food that includes a sausage, bread and french fries with dipping sauces.", "I plate of food including a hot dog and some french fries.", "A plate of fries and a hotdog with condiments.  ", "A hot dog and fries with several condiments are on a plate."]
["the man is leaning over taking a picture of another man ", "A cameraman taking a photo of a skateboarder in action.", "A guy on a skate board on the side of a ramp.", "One man photographs a skateboarder as he climbs up the ramp.", "A young man, without his shirt, is having his picture taken on the skateboarding ramp. "]
["A person holding a hot dog with a white wrapper.", "The foot long hotdog in the bun is drizzed with golden mustard", "a person holding a long hot dog in a bun with mustard on a paper napkin.", "A person holding a hot dog on a napkin.", "a long hot dog with mustard and ketchup on it "]
["This sandwich has a side of salad on the plate", "A sandwich and salad and fries with a dip", "A plate with a sandwich and salad greens.", "A prepared meal is sitting on a table.", "A white plate topped with a cut in half sandwich."]
["A plate topped with a sandwich covered in seeds.", "A sandwich with a knotted style bread, meat, and cheese.", "A big sandwich with tomato and cheese on a plate. ", "A delicious looking sandwich on a plate with cheese and onion.", "A sandwich with cheese and bacon on a white plate"]
["A man holding up a mustard covered hot dog to his own face.", "A man opening his mouth to eat a hotdog.", "A person eating a hot dog on a bun with mustard.", "A man has an open mouth holding a hotdog.", "A man opens his mouth toward a hot dog with mustard on it."]
["a large hot dog that  is on some paper", "a close up of a hot dog with cheese on a paper plate ", "a hot dog with a bunch of toppings on it ", "The hot dog is topped with several delicious ingredients.", "A sandwich loaded with cheese and other toppings. "]
["A hot dog with red peppers as a topping.", "A bun with food in it wrapped in a paper towel", "A large toasted sandwich covered in fried peppers.", "Sandwich in a carton topped with lots of red peppers.", "A long sandwich is topped with red peppers."]
["Two hot dogs sitting on top of a foam container.", "Two long hot dogs sit in to go containers.", "a meal of two hot dogs and some onion rings.", "Two hotdogs with onion rings on a tray.", "Two chili dogs on a food tray with a drink."]
["A man doing a trick on a skateboard on a street.", "Young man skateboarding on a road near a parked vehicle.", "A guy in jeans does a jumping trick on his skateboard.", "A man attempts a trick on his skateboard.", "A guy doing a flip trick on a skateboard"]
["a kid does a trick on a skate board ", "A man is riding a skateboard in the street.", "A young male skateboarder leaps above his board in the street. ", "This is a man about to fall on his face from failing a skateboard trick.", "A young man doing tricks on the street with a skateboard."]
["A person is standing on a snowy hill overlooking a valley.", "a man is standing on a snowy slope", "A person is standing near a ski-lift with a view of mountains.", "A person on a snowy mountain holds onto something", "A man stands beside a ski lift on a mountain."]
["Two hot dogs on buns and unpeeled corn on the cob on a plate.", "Hotdog sandwiches sitting on ears of corn on a table.", "A plate that has hot dogs and corn on it. ", "There are two hotdogs on the plate underneath unshucked corn. ", "The hotdogs are on the plate with corn on the cob."]
["A woman with glasses that is holding a piece of bread.", "A woman wearing red glasses holding a piece of food.", "a young lady wearing glasses and smiling while holding a piece of eaten dessert", "A woman eating something wearing glasses outside ", "Woman in red glasses grinning while holding half a donut."]
["Two women pose with a hot dog at an outdoor function", "The two women are smiling while eating hot dogs.", "The two women smile as they eat food.", "Two women are posing with their food at an event.", "Pair of young women making ironic gestures in tent area with food."]
["A hot dog with toppings and condiments in a paper wrapper.", "There are a lot of ingredients on this hot dog.", "A delicious pile of condiments complement a hot dog", "A loaded hot dog with mustard and ketchup on white paper ", "A hot dog buried under a pile of toppings."]
["Sandwiches, beer and a bowl of salad are being served on the dining table.", "a beer and cole slaw sitting next to a sandwich ", "A sandwich cut in half with a beer and salad", "a gray plate with a sandwich a bowl and a bottle", "A bottle of beer next to a sandwich and a bowl of salad. "]
["The person holding the doughnut is looking through its hole.", "A man looks through the hole of a large doughnut.", "A young person looks through a donut hole.", "A doughnut that a person is using to see out of.", "Blonde haired person looking through the hole of a big doughnut."]
["A group of four people standing next to each other in the snow.", "Gourd of snowboarders posing for a picture on side of slope.", "A group of people standing in the snow with snowboards.", "a group of people with surf board standing on some snow ", "a group of people with snow board stand on the snow "]
["A hotdog next to a plate of chili cheese fries on top of a table.", "Hot dog and loaded fries sitting next to a drink on a counter top. ", "a paper plate with a hot dog and french fries", "a hot dog with ketchup and some French fries with cheese", "A hotdog with ketchup, mustard, and relish. "]
["A man standing on a snow covered slope holding a board.", "a woman snowboarder holds her snowboard in the snow", "A person standing on a snowy mountain with a snowboard in hand.", "A person holding a snow board vertical in front of them a wooded snowy area.", "A young man is holding a snowboard in the snow."]
["A man pointing at a hand held pizza. ", "A man has a pizza in on a narrow street.", "Man standing posing for the camera with a personal pizza in one hand.", "A man standing in a street showing off a small piece of food.", "Man makes gang signals as standing on street holding pizza."]
["A set of pizzas sitting on top of a display case.", "A counter with a variety of pizzas lined up in a row. ", "Pizza bar containing different pizza topping on top", "A variety of pizzas are on a counter. ", "Several large cooked pizzas in a room on a counter."]
["Part of a pizza is displayed showing it's toppings. ", "A partial view of a thin crust pizza with asparagus.", "A closeup of a pizza on a wooden tray.", "Thin crust pizza with meat and vegetable on wooden palate.", "A close-up of a pizza with ham and spinach. "]
["A display of chocolate donuts and some pink and white cookies.", "A view of an assortment of sugary snacks. ", "A well stocked buffet table that is in a restaurant. ", "trays of frosted cupcakes in a display case", "There are some yummy looking treats with chocolate."]
["A person holding a pastry with maggots in it.", "some worms standing in the middle of a little donut", "there is a donut that has many worms in it", "A person holding a tasty looking treat with insects on it.", "The person is holding a pastry with worms in it. "]
["A tray filled with lots of different flavored donuts.", "A white tray holding various donuts next to a yellow box.", "a close up of a pile of doughnuts on ", "A variety of doughnuts stacked together in a display case.", "a round wooden rack with some donuts on it"]
["A snowboard sitting on a snow covered slope.", "The snow board is propped up on it's end.", "A snowboard is vertical in the white snow.", "A snowboard stuck in the snow standing upright.", "Looking past a snowboard in the snow to a city beyond"]
["A young child sitting in front of a bowl of dessert holding up two ice cream bars.", "A very cute small kid sitting by a big bowl of food.", "A child holding two ice-cream  bars in his hands and a large bowl in front of him.", "a little kid that  has some kind of food in hand", "a young boy holding two chocolate covered popsicles sitting in front of a large dessert bowl"]
["A couple of kids sitting in front of some pizza.", "Some very cute happy looking kids with some pizza.", "Someone is handing a child a slice of pizza on a paper plate.", "a couple of kids are looking at a piece of pizza", "A couple of kids sitting on the ground with some food."]
["A plated sandwich and fried potatoes on a table.", "A large meat sandwich with a side of fries.", "a sandwich and french fries on a plate", "A big sandwich sits on a plate with some french fries.", "A sandwich with a side of french fries sits on a plate."]
["Some tasty and nice food ready to eat.\n", "Many donuts and pastries sit on a tablet with flowers", "A table overflowing with many kids of doughnuts.", "a bunch of doughnuts are on a table together", "a table filled with a large supply of assorted donuts"]
["A close-up of a plate of food containing a hamburger and onion rings.", "Fried onions and a beef sandwich on a bun,", "An order of onion rings on a plate with a hamburger.", "A plate of food that includes a sandwich and onion rings.", "A plate of fried onion rings with a pulled meat sandwich also. "]
["Several men on a field playing soccer together.", "a group of boys playing soccer in a soccer field.", "young people play soccer on a field of grass", "A trio of male soccer players on a soccer field.", "Young men playing soccer on a soccer field."]
["Large sandwich sitting on white plate with other food on table. ", "A grilled ham and cheese is stacked on a plate, accompanied by a cup of coffee.", "A white plate topped with sandwiches next to a fork.", "A grilled ham and cheese sandwich with egg on a plate.", "A breakfast plate with ham and cheese on toast "]
["Two sugar doughnuts with sprinkles and caramel topping.", "A cup with two sprinkle covered donuts on top of a metal table.", "A small bowl with two dessert balls with sprinkles", "Two doughnuts with sprinkles sit in a paper cup.", "Sprinkled doughnuts sit in a bowl of glaze. "]
["a cake with some figures made out of frosting on it ", "A cake that has a surfer and palm trees on it.", "A cake decorated to look like a sandy beach and the ocean with a toy surfing and toy palm trees on a table. ", "A cake with palm trees, and a person on a surf board.", "A cake that has a figurine surfing on it."]
["A tray with a cheese and meat sandwich with tater tots.", "The sandwiches, other food, and drinks are on the table.", "A half sandwich on a plate with tater tots and ketchup", "A close up of the photographers plate with the half eaten lunch.", "A pub lunch with a sandwich and beer. "]
["A man standing on beach with a red surfboard under his arm.", "A lone surfer looking out at the waves holding his surfboard", "a man stands holding a surf board in front of some waves", "A man holding a surf board looks out into the water. ", "A surfer stands on the beach watching the waves coming to shore."]
["people standing on the beach near a body of water", "People standing on the sand surrounded by towels and surfboards.", "A group of people standing on a sandy beach next to surfboards.", "People are standing around at the beach near surfboards.", "People sitting next to surfboards on a beach"]
["A large multi layered cake with candles sticking out of it.", "A cake is decorated with flowers and flags.", "A party decoration containing flowers, flags, and candles.", "A cake decorated with flowers and flags on it.", "A layered cake with many decorations on a table."]
["A crowd of people laying on a beach next to surfboards.", "A group of people on the beach in front of a bunch of surfboards.", "a fence with a bunch of surfboards lined up on it ", "A group of people on the beach with a row of surfboards in the background.", "Surfboards lined up behind people on a beach."]
["A surfer curls to balance on his board atop the foamy white crest of a wave", "A surfer riding the crest of a wave", "A person in a wetsuit jumping a wave on a surfboard.", "A surfer falling off of a wave in the ocean.", "a person on a surf board rides on a wave "]
["A group of men carrying surfboards on a beach.", "Three men walk down a beach carrying their surf boards.", "A group of people on the beach with surfboards.", "A group of many people on the beach with surfboards.", "A group of surfers walking along the beach."]
["a bunch of surfboards are piled up by a hill", "a bunch of surf boards standing in the sand.", "surfboards are sitting against the fence at the beach", "A group of surfboards are stacked up for people to use.", "Guy in sand using his cell phone while multiple surfboards behind him lean up on the hill"]
["A man walking down a beach with a surfboard in hand.", "A man with a surfboard is walking by the ocean.", "A man walking along a wet beach near the ocean.", "A person walks along the beach carrying an object", "Man walking on beach with surfboard near ocean."]
["Well dressed children are enjoying cake at a table", "Children sitting at a table eating and drinking.", "Young children in vintage photograph enjoying cake at birthday party.", "young kids sit around the table eating what looks like cake", "Young children sitting around the table eating cake."]
["Three small piece of fried food on a white plate with writing.", "a cake on a plate on a wooden table", "Plate encircled with different old west branding monograms with three pieces of food in the middle", "A white plate with cowboy logos engraved on them with a couple of brownies on it.", "There are three pieces of food on the plate printed with cowboy brands."]
["A bearded man in glasses is celebrating a birthday. ", "A man looking over a plate of cookies with candles on them.", "A group of people are around a birthday cake.", "there are many people gathered in the kitchen for a birthday", "A man getting ready to blow out candles around a group."]
["a person riding a surf board on a wave ", "A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A man on a surfboard in the crest of a wave.", "A man riding a wave on a surfboard.", "The man is surfboarding underneath a large wave. "]
["A man kneeling over a white surfboard on the flatbed of a truck.", "A man is touching a surf board in the back of a truck.", "A man working on his surfboard in the back of a pickup truck.", "a man with eye glasses doing something to a surf board", "A man waxing his surfboard in the back of his truck"]
["A man holds a surfboard at the beach.", "A man looking at a wooden surf board.", "Young man peers at his wooden surfboard on the beach.", "A dark haired man holding a wooden surfboard.", "A man examines a surf board that has a label on it."]
["Two surfers in the water riding the waves.", "A surfer on top of wave as it breaks", "A surfer rides a wave in the ocean.", "There are two people surfing on a large wave.", "A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard."]
["a man is riding on a surfboard at the beach", "This is a surfer riding a small wave - right to left break.", "The surfer is riding a wave into shore.", "There are two people surfing in the water", "Surfer riding a larger wave on the ocean as it starts to break."]
["A group of surfers in wetsuits amid ocean waves.", "Many people are waiting for the surf to come in. ", "A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "People surfing on the ocean in black wetsuits.", "A group of surfers are waiting for a wave."]
["A man riding on top of a surfboard on a wave.", "A man rides the wave of a surfboard. ", "a man on a surf board riding a wave in the ocean", "A man is taking it slow on the waves with his board. ", "A man on a surfboard riding on the waters waves."]
["A persons finger is covering the lens while taking a picture of a surfer. ", "A surfer in a wetsuit is riding a wave.", "In the foreground, two blurry blobs, In most of the shot a large expanse of water holds two wetsuit wearers, seen only from their torsos  on up,  and a third wetsuit wearer, riding a surfboard on a curl of wave.   ", "a surfer riding a wave, facing away. ", "Surfer in a wet suit surfing on a small wave."]
["A man with a beard standing on the beach with a surfboard under his right arm and he is looking out into the ocean.", "A man walking near the ocean while holding a surfboard.", "A surfer in a wetsuit with his board on the beach", "man at the seashore in wetsuit with surfboard", "A bearded man dressed in black carrying a surf board."]
["People holding surfboards while standing in the ocean.", "Three surfers are heading into the ocean waves.", "Three surfers carry their surfboards out to the waves.", "Three surfers in wetsuits going in to the ocean", "Three females walking out onto the ocean with their surfboards"]
["A bunch of surfers carrying their boards into the ocean.", "surfers walking out in water toward swells to surf", "Surfers are carrying their boards out into the ocean.", "People walking into the surf carrying surf boards.", "Three people in the water holding surfboards. "]
["A distant view of a surfer riding the ocean waves.", "A woman wearing a wetsuit surfs on a foggy day. ", "A lone surfer rides a frothy ocean wave.", "A person is surfing a wave in a light fog.", "A picture of a person surfing in the ocean."]
["A person standing on a surfboard surfing the waves.", "A female surf boarder coming in from a wave.", "Surfer upright on a small wave in a cold sea", "A person riding a wave on a surfboard.", "A surfer stands on their board as another surfer watches."]
["Several adults playing soccer in the snow wearing winter clothing", "A group of kids playing with a ball in the snow.", "Group of people playing soccer in the snow.", "A group of young people playing soccer in the snow", " A bunch of children wearing winter gear playing ball in the snow"]
["A plate with three sandwiches sitting next to shoestring fried potatoes.", "A sandwich on a plate served with chips", "A picture of a sandwich with a side of potatos", "A plate of food that includes a sandwich and shoe string fries.", "a close up of a plate with sandwiches on a table"]
["This is a computer generated image that depicts a surfer riding a wave.", "A man catching a large wave with his surfboard.The picture is digital.", "An avatar surfs a tall wave in a virtual reality world.", "a drawing of a man riding a surfboard in a big wave", "A guy on  a surf board by a very big wave."]
["A man with a Santa Clause beard kicking a soccer ball.", "A man is kicking a soccer ball on the field.", "An older man playing with a soccer ball on a green field.", "A man is on a field kicking a soccer ball.", "A man plays with a soccer ball in front of empty bleachers."]
["A woman standing over a table next to two other people.", "People standing and sitting around while a woman blows out the candles on her cake. ", "A GROUP OF PEOPLE AT A TABLE WITH A CAKE IN THE MIDDLE", "A woman blowing out the candles on her birthday cake at the kitchen table", "A woman blowing out the candles on a cake on a table."]
["A black and white photo of a dormitory with several beds in rows.", "Antique black and white photograph of a room full of beds", "A monochrome picture of a dorm with multiple beds.", "a dormitory consisting of many beds lined up along the wall ", "there is a large room with many beds in it"]
["Two surfboards on a beach in an urban setting.", "A group of people sit on the beach behind two surfboards.", "A beach with two surf boards sitting on it.", "Two surf boards laying in the sand on the beach.", "Two surfboards that are sitting in the sand."]
["A woman tucking a child into their bed at night.", "A woman tucks a child into their bed.", "A mom tucking her child into bed with his favorite stuffed animal.", "Woman tucking in young child in old photograph.", "A woman tucks a small boy into bed for the night."]
["A strawberry cheesecake on a green plate that is on top of a pink and white cloth.", "A round plate that has a white and red pie type dessert on it and a light green pitcher behind it.", "The cheese cake is prepared mixed with strawberries. ", "A cheesecake is sitting on a plate near a teapot.", "A small plate with a cake next to a coffee pot."]
["Three dimensional rendering of a cat and bed in a room.", "A cat standing in a bedroom that is all windows, except for one small wall.", "a large neatly made bed with a cat on the ground", "A bed is on the floor on wooden slats.", "Image of a cat standing next to a chair which is in a room with a bed."]
["A couple of small beds in a room.", "an old black and white photo of multiple beds", "Black and white photograph of three beds and two nightstands.", "This room has three beds and two night stands.", "Two bed-like structures in some room and one of them with a blanket on top."]
["Multiple beds stand on hardwood floors in a simple room.", "Four empty beds are shown made up inside a room.", "there are four small beds all in the same room", "Several neatly  made beds in an empty room.", "A room with four beds placed in various positions."]
["A room filled with single beds and tow large walls of windows.", "A room full of windows and small beds.", "A large white room with many beds and windows.", "AN OLD PHOTO OF A HOSPITAL WITH BEDS ", "An old photo of empty beds at a hospital "]
["A surfer in a black wetsuit rides a wave.", "Surfer wearing a wet suit riding on top of a wave. ", "A surfboard rider rides a small sized wave.", "a man surfing a tide in the ocean water", "A woman rides a wave on her surfboard."]
["A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "a man that is on a surfboard on some water", "a surfer surfs through waves while holding his hand in the water of the wave curling over him", "Man on surfboard riding wave in open ocean.", "a man is surfing through a giant wave"]
["A pair of children kick a ball together.", "Black and white photograph of two boys playing soccer in bricked off area.", "An early picture of two young boys playing soccer.", "A black and white picture of two boys playing kickball. ", "A couple of young boys kicking around a basket ball."]
["A young man reaches for a basketball on a court.", "A man about to kick a soccer ball in a court.", "A man playing with a ball on a basketball court.", "A young man playing a ball game on a cement basketball court.", "A man on an outdoor basketball court going to get a ball."]
["Two boys in beds with a bookcase in between them.", "Two children in a black and white photo sitting up in bed.", "two boys in their beds with a bookcase between them", "Two young boys use a book shelf as an arm rest while in bed.", "Two boys are sitting upright in bed near a nightstand."]
["A room with a bed and some windows in it", "The sun is shining through a bedroom window.", "A set of beds sitting inside of a bedroom.", "A rustic trundle bead in a wooden cabin.", "a large bed in a windowed wood cabin"]
["Two small young girls hold hands as they look into a bedroom.", "A black and white photograph of two girls looking at a bed.", "Two girls come to say good morning to their grandma.", "A girl is standing next to a boy and looking ahead.", "Black and white photograph of two children holding hands."]
["some kids in a bedroom with a lot of beds in it ", "a vintage photo of some kids playing on a bed ", "Children look on in a small room with many beds", "Children in a room with many beds ", "a room with a bunch of beds in it"]
["A man in black shirt falling off of a surfboard in ocean.", "A surfer wiping out as a wave closes its curl", "a man wipes out as he is consumed by a wave ", "A person is crashing into the waves as they roll. ", "A wave pushes a surfer off his surfboard."]
["A man walking down a beach holding a surf board", "A man walking on the sand carrying a surf board under his arm.", "a person holding a surf board on a beach", "A life guard walking with his surf board on the beach.", "A guy walking the beach carrying a surfboard that says \"surf rescue\"."]
["a person is walking with a surfboard along the beach", "Man walking through shallow water holding a surf board.", "A person carrying a surfboard out of the water to the beach.", "A surf boarder walks out of the water", "A woman in a wetsuit is carrying her surfboard. "]
["Two young people laying in two beds in a bedroom under blankets.", "Two women in bed in an early hospital.", "A PHOTO OF TWO CHILDREN IN A HOSPITAL BED ", "Two ladies are lying in their beds while the window is open.", "An old scene of two kids in an old hospital."]
["A person that is laying down on a surfboard in the water.", "The person is in the water underneath a wave. ", "a person surfing on very strong waves in the ocean", "An animal swimming through a rolling blue wave", "A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard."]
["A person is holding a surf board in their hand", "a person holding a surfboard while running on the beach ", "A surfer wearing a wetsuit running down the beach with his board", "A person on a beach with a surfboard.", "a man jogging on a rocky beach with his surfboard"]
["A bed with the covers turned down, a tall wooden headboard, and a bedside table with a lamp.", "A bed in a room with the sheets pulled back.", "A bed with a pillow and blanket on top of it.", "The room is illuminated by a lamp with a square shade. ", "a bright lamp sitting next to a big bed "]
["A lady is in the hospital and sitting in a chair smiling.", "a lady sitting in a chair in the hospital", "Woman with an I.V. in her arm reclining in a hospital room.", "A smiling woman reclining in a hospital bed.", "A smiling woman sitting up in a hospital bed."]
["A man sitting in a  hospital bed hooked up to an IV.", "A man in white gown sitting on the edge of a hospital bed.", "A man hooked up to medical machinery looks at the camera.", "A man sitting in a hospital bed, connected to wires.", "there is a man with a hospital robe on"]
["two medical professionals inside of an hospital. ", "There are two people in a hospital room.", "Two professionals in scrubs are looking at a file.", "A man and a women wearing scrubs standing in a hospital room.", "A woman standing next to a man in a  hospital room."]
["A surfer carries his surfboard beneath a tall cliff", "A man carrying a surfboard is walking among the high rocks.", "man with surfboard standing next to giant rock face", "a person is holding a surfboard near a cliff base", "a man holding a surfboard and walking next to a cliff"]
["a girl on a board riding along a boat in the water", "a person riding s surf board and holding a parachute ", "A woman that is standing on a surfboard in the water.", "A person who is on the lake water skiing.", "water skier in the lake trying to avoid rock ahead"]
["A man water skiing behind a boat on the water", "Someone riding a surf board while being towed behind a boat", "A man hangs onto a boat with a wake board.", "A person is being pulled on the water.", "a person riding a surf board holding a tether "]
["A boy sitting in a chair with a stuffed animal in front of him.", "A young child sitting in a chair with a teddy bear.", "A black and white photo shows a child with a large stuffed animal.", "An old black and white photo of a boy in a chair holding a stuffed animal.", "Small boy sitting in chair holds a stuffed toy almost same size as him. "]
["An empty desk chair next to a laptop computer sitting on a white desk.", "A small desk with a laptop on it, next to a brown chair.", "An usused laptop sits upon a clean desk.", "A simple computer disk and chair with a laptop and mouse on it.", "A desk holds a laptop, mouse, modem, and a lamp and there is a brown chair in front of it."]
["A group of surfers in the water trying to catch a wave", "A group of people in the ocean on their surf boards.", "Six people are in the ocean and most of them are on surfboards.", "A group of people riding on different styles of boards on the ocean.", "A group of people are just beginning to learn how to surf."]
["A young woman in a bikini in the ocean with her surfboard.", "several people with their surf boards surfing on the ocean ", "A woman surfing at the beach during a sunny day.", "Woman walking across the beach with her surf board.", "A woman wading through shallow water with a surfboard."]
["A group of young children sitting on top of a bed.", "Four small children all on the same bed.", "a few little kids that are on a big bed", "A group of four children sitting on a bed. ", "Four small children playing on their parent's bed."]
["an image of a person slicing pizza with a knife", "Someone cutting a piece of thin crust cheese pizza. ", "Two hands cutting some food on a plate.", "Person using a butter knife to cut a cheese quesadilla.", "a person cuts some food with a butter knife "]
["A large bed sitting next to a small Christmas Tree surrounded by pictures.", "There is a small stuffed doll laying on the bed.", "A bed with four square wooden posts with balls on top and a striped Christmas stocking lying on it, with a decorated Christmas tree beside the bed, a corner wall single shelf, and four framed photos on wall in a room.", "a bed room with a bed a christmas tree and pictures on a wall", "The Christmas tree in the bedroom is next to a bed. "]
["a pizza with a variety of toppings in a box", "A picture of a pizza that was delivered.", "There is a small pizza with toppings on it in a box", "a close up of a pizza on a table", "A box of pizza with peppers, onions and sausage on it."]
["Black and white photo of a family with a dog and females holding tennis rackets.", "a photo of a male and a female children and a dog", "a family with some rackets posing for a picture", "A family who takes tennis very seriously pose with their rackets.", "a group of people and a dog standing in front of a camera with two tennis rackets"]
["a small dog is laying on a bed", "A small dog is lying down on the bed", "a dog that is siting on a blanket", "A brown and black dog laying on a bed with grey sheets.", "Small Yorkie dog laying on a large bed next to a computer with headphones."]
["A dog sitting up straight on a bed looking stoic.", "A dog is sitting on a pillow next to a window.", "A dog that is sitting on top of a big pillow. ", "A dog sitting between two pillows on a bed. ", "A dog sitting on a bed between two white pillows."]
["A woman sits in a chair holding a tennis racket.", "a women that is sitting down with a tennis racket", "A woman in a tennis outfit poses with her racquet.", "Woman sitting in a chair while holding a tennis racket.", "A woman is posing with a tennis racket for an advertisement."]
["A plate of partially-eaten pizza is seen on a restaurant table.", "A pizza sitting on a table near a pitcher of soda.", "A restaurant table with partially eaten pizza and soda.", "The pizza is next to a pitcher of soda in a restaurant. ", "A pan on a table with lots of pizza."]
["A person with their feet up taking a picture.", "A photo stitch of a room with a sofa, laptop and television.", "A person watches tv in a room with a couch and a laptop", "A person with their feet placed on a coffee table sitting in a living room.", "A living room with a TV and laptop computer."]
["Two women are playing a game of tennis on a green court.", "Two women playing tennis on the tennis court ", "Two girls play a game of tennis on a sunny day.", "Two people playing a game of tennis. ", "two people on a tennis court playing a game "]
["a female tennis player in a black top playing tennis", "A woman standing on a  tennis court holding a racquet.", "A female tennis player preparing to serve the ball.", "a woman is holding a tennis racket on a court", "a woman getting ready to reach for a tennis ball on the ground "]
["A pink upholstered chair is in front of the television.", "A small living room has very little furniture", "a lounge chair in front of a television set", "An easy chair next to a bookshelf and in front of a small tv in cramped quarters", "A big comfortable chair in front of a flat screen TV."]
["Computer desk with two desktops and a television with large mess of wires behind", "A messy desk with three screens and cables", "A desk and entertainment area with multiple monitors, speakers, and consoles has many cords.", "A television, computer monitors, keyboard, mouse and video devices.", "The three laptop computers are sitting together on the table."]
["A man serving the ball to the opponent in a tennis match.", "A man on a tennis court holding a tennis racket.", "A crowd watching a professional tennis player serve", "A male tennis player aiming for the ball.\n ", "A man in athletic wear preparing to compete."]
["A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "The man is playing a game of tennis on the court. ", "A Tennis player getting ready to hit the Tennis ball.", "A man with a tennis racquet in his hand.", "A man swings his racket on a tennis court."]
["A tennis player in an orange shirt and black shorts holds black tennis racket on a tennis court surrounded by onlookers.", "A man playing tennis while people watch from the stands.", "A tennis player holding a tennis racket at tennis match.", "A person stands on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A man holding a tennis racquet in his hand standing on a tennis court."]
["A tablet sitting on top of a computer desk.", "a keyboard attached to  a cell phone on a tray", "The desk has two drinks and a small computer on it.", "An electronic device connected to a computer keyboard.", "A desk with a mini computer, keyboard, a bottle and a glass of orange juice."]
["An older woman sitting at a table in front of a pizza.", "An elderly woman looks to the side as she sits in front of a cheese pizza in a restaurant. ", "A woman sitting near a table with a large pizza in front of her", "A woman sits at a table with a pizza in front of her.", "A woman looks away from a pizza at a restaurant."]
["A man wearing a yellow shirt hitting a tennis ball.", "a person on a tennis court with a racket", "A tennis player runs in order to hit the ball.", "Professional tennis player running for the ball during a match", "Professional tennis player moving to intercept a ball heading his way."]
["A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "a tennis player finishing a swing in front of an audience\n", "a male in a bright shirt and shorts with a white hat on a tennis court", "A tennis player uses his muscles to hit the ball.", "A man swings a tennis racket as people watch from the stands."]
["A tennis player is jumping up to hit the ball. ", "A man jumping in the air to hit a tennis ball with his racquet, with onlookers behind.", "A tennis player playing tennis on the tennis court", "A male tennis player jumping and swinging a tennis racket.", "He jumps up in the air to meet the tennis ball."]
["there is a male tennis player on the court in a game", "Tennis player getting ready to hit a tennis ball.", "A tennis player is on the court with his racket. ", "A man that is standing on a tennis court with a racquet.", "a young man is playing a game of tennis"]
["A young man swinging a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A man taking a swing at a tennis ball", "a male tennis player getting ready to return a serve", "A tennis player on his toes as he returns a ball.", "A man playing tennis on a tennis court."]
["A woman sitting at a table with a plate of food.", "A woman sitting at a table in front of a plate of food.", "A table with a plate full of pizza on it.", "A young lady with a plate of French fries looks at a pizza with mushrooms.", "A woman is at a dining table with a pizza."]
["A man is playing tennis with a racket on the tennis court", "A man in a tennis court holding a tennis racket getting ready to hit a ball.", "A man on a tennis court in the middle of playing tennis.", "a tennis player getting ready to swing a tennis racket", "A man with a racket goes to hit a tennis ball."]
["The tennis player perferms in front of a crowd ", "A man swinging his racket while playing tennis in front of a crowd. ", "TENNIS PLAYER ON COURT GETTING READY TO RETURN THE BALL", "A man playing tennis and holding back his racket to hit the ball.", "A tennis player is getting ready for a shot."]
["a female tennis player in a black dress and fans", "A tennis player in a black suit waving.", "A woman tennis player is waving at the fans while she holds her tennis racket.", "A beautiful young lady holding a tennis racquet on top of a court.", "a couple of people that are on a tennis court"]
["A tennis player at a match prepares to return the ball.", "a tennis player swinging a racket at a ball", "The strong, athletic tennis player wearing the backwards hat skillfully returns volley, flexing his sinewy, hardened muscles.", "A tennis player swings his racket in front of a large crowd.", "Tennis player swinging at tennis ball coming towards him"]
["a woman with a hat swinging a tennis racquet", "A tennis player leaps in the air as fans observe. ", "A tennis player jumping and swinging a racket.", "The woman is playing tennis on the court. ", "Fans watch as a female tennis player hits a ball during a game"]
["A man next to a large wall holding a paddle.", "A young man wearing a pink shirt walking past a very tall wall.", "A man is walking away from a wall.", "A man stands next to a concrete wall.", "A man in a soccer jersey walking with a paddle. "]
["The piece of pizza is ready to be eaten. ", "A slice of pizza with toppings on a plate on the table. ", "A slice of pizza is on a small plate.", "A slice of pizza on a plate sitting on a tablecloth covered table.", "A large piece of pizza on a plate that's on a table."]
["A pizza is shown in a box uncovered and cooked.", "A pizza that is cut up is in a box. ", "The pizza with chicken on it looks delicious.", "A good looking pizza is still in the box.", "Pizza with chicken is overbaked and is in a pizza box."]
["A child holding a knife admires a pizza. ", "A young boy is making a silly face while staring at a whole pizza. ", "a little kid freaked out by a big pizza in front of him", "a young kid sits in front of a pizza", "A child looking confused at a pizza on the table."]
["A tennis player in white wearing a white cap holds a red tennis racket.", "A professional tennis player holds his racket looking exhausted.", "a close up of a tennis player holding a racket", "Tennis player looking at racket during match play.", "A man with a racket on a tennis court. "]
["A sub sandwich on a plate with sides.", "A steak sandwich served with some side entrees.", "A roast beef sandwich  with vegetables and sauce on the side sits on a table.", "A meat sandwich on a plate with a bowl of dipping sauce on a plate.", "Sandwich on a plate with sauce on side."]
["A woman is playing tennis on a tennis court.", "A tennis player in mid-serve with a backhand swing", "There is no picture here to describe with a caption.", "A woman stands in a tennis court, racket in the air. ", "A tennis player is getting ready to hit the ball."]
["a woman is getting ready to strike a tennis ball", "A woman holding a tennis racket reaching up to catch the ball with her hand.", "A woman in a pink dress is about to serve a tennis ball.", "A woman that is standing on a tennis court with a racquet.", "A woman throwing a tennis ball in the air and a racket it her other hand. "]
["A pizza sitting on top of a plate on a table.", "A pizza with mushrooms is sitting on a white plate.", "a pizza with mushrooms is on a blue yellow and white table", "A pizza with toppings on a white plate.", "A pizza pie with several toppings being served.", "A close up of a pizza pie on a plate."]
["A plate topped with a piece of food sitting net to a paper plate with a knife on it.", "A half-eaten pita is sitting on a plate among other dishes.", "half of a piece of pizza on a plate", "A plate sitting on the table with half eaten flatbread.", "This is a scrambled egg omelet on a white plate. "]
["A small pizza sitting on a decorative plate.", "A homemade pizza cut in half on a colorful plate.", "A large pizza is sitting on a table over a cloth.", "A white table holding a plate with a pizza on it.", "a pizza with several topping cut in half "]
["a desk with  container full pens, remotes and other nic nacks", "A cute pink punk office organizer with a remote in it", "A remote on a table surface in a room.", "a  unique caddy holding various nail supplies", "A remote control holder and accessory holder sitting on a table"]
["Person holding up food on a stick of good to a dog. ", "A person sitting in front a dog holding something in their hand.", "A person with a toothbrush trying to brush a dogs teeth.", "A man sitting down while brushing his dogs teeth.", "Someone tries to attach a ribbon to the dog collar."]
["Toothbrush sticking up out of water in sink drain.", "An altered photograph of a plastic toothbrush in a smoky ring", "A pink and green swirl tooth brush standing upright in a drain.", "An abstract picture of a toothbrush going into a black hole.", "a toothbrush submerged in a sink clogged with hair"]
["a closeup of a toothbrush on the table ", "A black toothbrush with white bristles sits on a wooden tabletop.", "A black tooth brush sitting on top of a wooden surface.", "A black handled toothbrush with new bristles on it.", "A black toothbrush with white bristles laying on a table."]
["Group of children holding up toothbrushes posing for picture", "a group of young children holding up toothbrushes", "A group of children show their toothbrushes and toothpaste.", "A group of kids with some popsicles standing in a room.", "The children are showing their appreciation for the gifts."]
["A young man brushing his teeth in front of a mirror.", "A man is standing while brushing his teeth.", "a man that is brushing his teeth and posing to take a picture.", "A man making faces while brushing his teeth. ", "A boy with messy hair bent over brushing his teeth."]
["A group of people trying out the new Nintendo Wii U.", "A group of young men interacting with their cell phones.", "a group of people standing near each other playing with small devices", "The boys stand next to each other using the devices.", "A group of young men holding video game controllers."]
["A young boy holding a toothbrush in his mouth.", "A little boy holds a green, blue and yellow toothbrush in his mouth.", "A little boy holds a toothbrush in the bath.", "A small child brushes his teeth in the bath tub.", "An up close picture of a child brushing their teeth."]
["A lamp with a red wall with a large clock on it.", "A living area with a clock, lamp and a stone facade.", "Lamp turned un lights up room next to a wall clock", "This lamp is standing near a wall that is painted red.", "A floor lamp turned on in a dark room."]
["A woman with headphones is playing the Wii.", "A woman standing with a remote in a room.", "Let's dress in all white and play Wii in public!", "A woman is standing in front of a video game.", "The people are playing games behind the fence. "]
["A woman playing a game with some remote controllers.", "A person playing a boxing game on a Wii.", "A woman standing in front of a TV next to a window.", "A woman stands in front of a TV and plays a boxing video game", "A woman is standing in front of a television set with a remote in her hand."]
["A child standing in a room with various paintings and a bed.", "a person standing in a bed room with a bed and a table", "A child plays at a table in a living room.", "a little girl standing by a table in a living room ", "There is a person that is standing in the living room"]
["This room is decorated in a simple yet elegant style.", "A television and some furniture in a room.", "A typical living room with all the furnishings.", "A living room filled with furniture and a flat screen TV.", "A central theme of this living room is not easily detected."]
["A man with a beard in a vest  plays Wii.", "a person standing in a room playing nintendo wii", "A man with a beard is playing wii with a pink controller.", "A man and boy are standing in the middle of the living room.", "A bearded man stands indoors holding a pink wii mote."]
["A living room filled with furniture and a wall mounted paintings.", "A couch and chair are in a room with a television.", "a red and black suitcase a table a couch and a picture", "A suitcase is sitting in a hotel room", "A suitcase sitting in a living room of a home."]
["Two men standing up and playing the Wii.", "two males are playing a video game and chairs", "A couple of men holding Wii game controllers.", "Two people playing motion-controlled video games in a living room.", "Two young people holding Wii controllers playing a game in the living room."]
["A living room scene is shown with a couch and table.", "A living room containing modern art, glass coffee table, a couch, and a television.", "a living room with a leather couch and a telelvision", "a living room with leather couch, zebra print cushions and a glass coffee table", "A living room with white walls and modern furniture."]
["A young woman is holding a video game steering wheel.", "Young person using white steering game control wheel in room.", "A women who is holding a steering wheel, possibly for a video game.", "A young woman sits playing with a video game remote.", "A woman in black shirt holding a white steering wheel game controller."]
["Girl walking through a living room with a huge leather sectional.", "a living room with couches a table and a lamp", "A living room with a large couch and a coffee table.", "A living room filled with lots of furniture and a window.", "Woman standing behind large white leather couch in modern living area."]
["A young man sitting with a laptop computer on his lap.", "a man playing a video game as his friend looks at a laptop screen", "A guy on a laptop and a guy holding a Wii remote.", "A guy is playing Wii with his friend.", "A man is playing a video game while his friend is on his laptop."]
["A large living room with a kitchen in the background ", "A view of a living, dining and kitchen area of an apartment.", "View of a decorated living room, dining area opening to kitchen area.", "Some Tan furniture in a large home livingroom", "a large living room with a couch, table and chairs and a dining room table"]
["Living room arrangement centered around TV and a look into the kitchen.", "a living room with a big TV and furniture ", "A room with a large television and other furniture.", "a living room with a couch chairs a table and a tv", "A flat screen TV in a living room in front of a brown couch."]
["A living area with table, chairs and a sofa.", "A living room with a long beige cough, a large ottoman, an easy chair and a dining room set.", "A spacious living room with a couch and foot rests.", "A kitchen and dining room table and chairs sitting next to a living room with a chair and couch in it.", "a living room with a couch a table and chairs"]
["There is a table in the middle of the room. ", "A room with a couch, table, lamp and a chaise.", "A living room with couch, chaise, track lighting, and a large window.", "A room with large windows, a couch and a table.", "A living room with lots of furniture and a large window."]
["A table that has a candle on it in a living room.", "The view of a small living room from up high.", "a room with a chair coffee table stereo potted plant by a window", "a living room is littered with cozy equipment", "A clean living room is seen in this picture."]
["A living room with wooden walls and furniture.", "There is a man outside the living room doorway.", "A living area with chair, coffee table and tall cabinet.", "The inside of a cabin with the door open and someone outside.", "A man is picking something up from outside of his cabin."]
["A couple of women playing a game on the Wii.", "Two professional women playing with a Nintendo Wii.", "Two women in a public place playing on a Wii system.", "The two woman are playing a video game in the club together. ", "Two women playing a video game in a booth"]
["A living room filled with furniture and a fire place.", "A  living room and kitchen with a fireplace, dining area and alcohol rack in it. ", "The glass table is set with the dishes.", "This depicts a modern, white dining and living area in a home.", "An elegant  well furnished living and dining room."]
["Modern looking living room with white flooring and furnishings", "A large open living room has many seating options.", "A big room with a large sectional and a table and kitchen.", "a living room and a kitchen new to each other. ", "A living room, dining room, and kitchen flow gradually into each other. "]
["A Wii remote is in s hand with a thumb on a button", "A person holding a small remote in their hand.", "Left hand holding electronic video game controller unit.", "someones hand holding a wii game controller with lights lit up", "A person is holding a Nintendo Wii controller."]
["the fully furnished basement looks clean and orderly", "this living room has a day bed and a white couch", "A living room with a red/brown area rug, two couches and a large flat screen TV.", "A empty living room that has couches and a television.", "A den with couches and a large screen television."]
["There are some people relaxing and watching TV", "There are some people playing a video game.", "In a room two boys are watching television while lying on bed.", "Several men comfortably watching television in living area.", "Three guys are sitting in the living room playing the Wii."]
["A beautiful woman standing next to a man holding a Nintendo Wii controller.", "Two adults playing a video game while others watch.", "A couple of people that are playing a video game.", "People happily playing Wii in an office setting", "four people and two of them are playing avideo game"]
["A glass coffee table sits in a living room.", "A nice room in a house that is clean.", "The living room  features natural oak furniture with fabrics/carpeting in brightly colored  circles and stripes", "A living room decorated with many loud patterns.", "A living room with a wooden entertainment center."]
["A man holding a game controller for the Nintendo Wii.", "Two guys are being filmed while playing video games.", "Two men with wii remotes playing video games.", "some people are playing a video game ", "A man in a white shirt plays with a remote while next to a man in a green shirt."]
["The top of the head of a man sitting in front of disorganized computer desk", "A man sitting in front of a wooden desk, filled with papers and a desk top computer.", "A man with blonde hair in front of his computer.", "A man with blonde hair sitting at a computer desk with a desktop computer.", "A man looks away from the camera as he sits at his messy desk. "]
["A wine bottle and glass sit on a table in front of a couch. ", "Living Room with Black Leather Couch and coffee table with Wine Bottle and Wine Glass", "A wine glass and bottle on a black coffee table near a black couch.", "A living area with a couch and a small table ", "An empty wineglass next to a bottle of wine in an empty living room."]
["a living room with a couch a table and large windows", "A couple of couches and a table in a room.", "A room filled with furniture and lots of windows.", "A living room with mirrors and windows overlooking an ocean. ", "The living room is clean and empty of people."]
["A desk topped with computer monitors and laptops.", "A desk contains two laptops as well as two PCs.", "An office space with multiple computers ready to use. ", "A computer station with two monitors, keyboards and two laptops.", "A countertop with several computers, monitors, and keyboards."]
["A keyboard next to a mouse and some batteries wrapped up.", "A matching computer mouse and keyboard with some batteries.", "Black computer keyboard, mouse and batteries on a blanket.", "A table containing a black mouse and keyboard.", "A wireless mouse sits next to a wireless keyboard."]
["A man is holding a cell phone in front of a mountain.", "An older man standing on top of a snow covered slope.", "A man looking at a vast mountain landscape.", "a man looks out into the mountains ", "A man takes a picture of snowy mountains with his cell phone."]
["a room showing a screen and a table ", "A living room has couches and chairs, as well as a fireplace.", "The living room has a fireplace and two couches in it. ", "a living room with some big couches and a bookshelves by the fireplace", "A living room with couches, chairs, glass doors, pictures and other things."]
["The woman throws a tennis ball into the air during a serve.", "A woman taking a swing at a tennis ball", "A women is serving at a tennis match. ", "A female tennis player tosses a ball in the air for a serve.", "A woman holding a tennis racket in her hand and throwing a ball in the air."]
["A woman holding a tennis racquet while standing on a tennis court.", "A woman hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racket", "A female Tennis player is getting ready to take her swing. ", "Adult woman swinging her racket as she plays tennis.", "A tennis player is reaching her racket far into a swing."]
["A simple apartment living area, with a couch and a television.", "This is a plain and small living room with a sofa and TV.", "A couch sitting in front of a TV near a window.", "A small, curtained living room during the day.", "This simple living room has black furniture and a TV"]
["A night snowy view shows a clock tower lit up.", "A clock tower lit up in the night", "An illuminated clock tower looks down upon snowy streets.", "The pinnacle of the building is illuminated at night.", "A beautiful building with alit up clock and snow on the ground"]
["A living room with a fire place and a mantel.", "A beige living room with a large fireplace.", "A cozy living room has a chair and fireplace.", "A large living room with a fireplace and a book shelf.", "A tidy living room interior with lots of memorabilia "]
["A group of couches in a tidy living room.", "An assortment of brown furniture in a white living room.", "A picture of a very clean living room in the house.", "A living room scene complete with a couch, chair and a fireplace.", "A bland living room with white walls and beige furniture."]
["a sunny beach filled with a lot of curved kites", "Large variety of sail being flown over beach area at ocean.", "A bunch of people that have wind surfboards in the water.", "Dozens of colorful kites being flown on the beach", "a bunch of kites that are by a ocean"]
["A lone kite flying in a city plaza near people.", "A street area next to buildings and people on street.", "A city with people walking and buildings in the background.", "A group of people standing in a street.", "A downtown street with tall brownstone buildings and pedestrians."]
["Many people are enjoying the lovely day flying kites on the great lawn", "a couple of people on a big park playing with their kites", "People are scattered across the field and kites are scattered across the sky.", "Several kites are flying in a large park.", "A large group of people flies kites in a field of green grass."]
["many different kites flying in the sky ", "Birds are flying around over the edge of large body of water.", "A variety of birds fly over the water.", "a bunch of birds fly over a beach ", "Birds in the sky around the water at the beach"]
["Legs and a bird are sticking through the clouds.", "Colorful and unusual kites fly in the wind.", "Body part kites are flying through the air beside a fish kite.", "Kite in the design of female legs in the cloudy sky.", "A group of kites in a sky, some of which look like human legs."]
["Old brick buildings are reflected in a glass door.", "a top of a roof of a building with some flowers on it", "S ome big glass windows with some plants displayed.", "A balcony with a table and planters seen through a glass door.", "There are plants on a table on an apartment balcony."]
["A child sitting on top of a chair holding a teddy bear.", "A small cute boy holding a cute stuffed animal.", "a small boy sitting in a chair holding a teddy bear", "A boy holding a stuffed animal is sitting on a chair.", "A young boy sitting on a wooden chair with a teddy bear."]
["a child in a field with a kite ", "A boy plays with a kite in a yard.", "A young boy trying to get a kite to fly.", "A child playing in a field with a frisbee.", "A young boy prepares to fly a kite."]
["A kite is flying high above the choppy waves as the surfer cuts through the waves.", "A person sailing over a ocean on a glider.", "A para-surfer is surfing rough waves on a foggy day.", "A lone kite surfer riding the waves on a stormy sea", "A empty ocean surf with a parachute in the background."]
["A painting of a person walking along a field holding a kite.", "Painting of a child with a kite in an orange sky", "A painting of a person walking with a trailing kite.", "A child is flying a kite in this drawing", "Illustration of a silhouetted person with a kite. "]
["a person riding a surf board with a parachute ", "A group of people riding kite boards on top of a beach.", "A person on beach with people windsurfing in the background.", "A man on the edge of a beach holding a surfboard and two wind gliders in the water.", "a bunch of people surfing on the waves with parachutes"]
["A tall brick clock tower sitting in a park.", "A clock made of stone sits in front of the building.", "A stone clock tower in front of a building.", "Stone and white colored structure in front of white modern building. ", "a clock tower with a building in the background"]
["A man holding a bat to hit an incoming baseball during a game.", "A pitcher pitching to a batter during a baseball game.", "Pitcher throwing ball with batter ready to strike and umpire ready to catch.", "A pitcher throwing a pitch at the batter", "A pitcher throwing the ball towards the batter and catcher. "]
["A baseball player taking a swing during a game. ", "A professional baseball game in progress with the batter swinging at the ball on home plate.", "A man swinging at a pitch during a baseball game.", "A baseball player swinging his bat in a baseball game. ", "A baseball player swinging a bat over a base."]
["A baseball field full of baseball players standing on a field.", "a baseball player sliding in to home base", "baseball players playing on a baseball field making a home run.", "An Arizona Diamondbacks sliding to homebase in an MLB professional baseball game.", "some professional baseball players playing a game for a large crowd "]
["Young man up to bat during a ball game.", "A boy preparing to hit a ball with a bat.", "This little boy is taking batting practice before his game.", "A young boy holding a baseball bat getting ready to swing at the ball.", "a young person standing on a baseball field holding a baseball bat"]
["A young boy with baseball bat raised waiting for the ball", "a young baseball player holding a bat on a field", "A young person holding a bat preparing for a pitch.", "A young boy taking a swing at a baseball", "A young person with a bat and helmet playing baseball."]
["castle with lights and a clock tower by a bridge", "A large building in a city is all lit up.", "a very large building that has a clock on top", "Big Ben is always recognizable in London England.", "A scenic view of Big Ben in the evening hours."]
["A baseball player swinging a bat on a field.", "Teammates are watching along a fence line as a baseball player swings the bat.", "A man swinging a bat on a baseball field.", "A batter is swinging at a ball at the game.", "A batter swinging at a ball on the baseball field. "]
["Small boys are playing a softball game on grass.", "a baseball player swinging a bat on the field", "A boy swinging a bat at a baseball", "There is an umpire and kids playing ball.", "A child swings a bat during a baseball game."]
["A very young boy is trying to bat a ball being thrown to him.", "A little boy with a red shirt on getting ready to hit a colorful ball.", "a small child is trying to hit a ball with their bat", "A boy in a red shirt with a helmet and yellow bat", "A small child attempts to hit a ball with his bat."]
["Ms Williams is participating in the championship tennis match.", "A woman in pink dress playing a game of tennis.", "pretty lady in a pink tennis dress with crowd of large crowd", "A lady dressed in pink playing a game of tennis.", "A tennis player in a pink outfit about to play a match."]
["A person on a court with a tennis racket.", "A tennis player on the court dressed in pink.", "The tennis player in a pink sport dress is holding her racket.", "a tennis player on a court with a racket", "A female tennis player is looking at her racket."]
["A young woman holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.", "The tennis player is reaching for the difficult serve.", "A young woman playing professional tennis in front of a large crowd.", "a woman running whilte trying to hit  a tennis ball", "a woman in a skirt gets ready to hit a tennis ball "]
["A pizza sitting on top of a white plate on a wooden table.", "A small tomato and basil pizza is shown on a table.", "A fresh pizza on a white plate is being cut.", "Several people sitting at a table with a couple of pizzas and drinks.", "two big pizzas with little cheese and basil are on the table. "]
["A white plate topped with a slice of pizza on a table.", "a piece of pizza on a white plate", "A large slice of pizza on a paper plate.", "A red checkered table cloth with a slice of pizza that has cheese and other toppings on it.", "A slice of pizza with meat and cheese on a paper plate on a red and white checkerboard table."]
["A man with a tennis racket with a crowd watching.", "The tennis player is confident about the difficult shot.", "A tennis player holds his racquet with both hands, ready to swing.", "Man playing tennis at tennis match with spectators looking on.", "a man in tennis gear holding a tennis racket on a tennis court"]
["A man swinging a racquet on a tennis court.", "A tennis player reaching out with his tennis racket.", "A man playing tennis in front of fans. ", "a tennis player races to return the ball in front of an audience", "Athlete in motion during attended competition on gray and blue court."]
["A female tennis player holds her body and racket poised. ", "A tennis player in the middle of a game.", "A woman in a tennis match getting ready to hit the ball.", "A woman bending over on top of a tennis court.", "A woman leans in to hit a tennis ball."]
["A man swinging a racquet on a tennis court.", "A man on a tennis court is playing tennis in front of a crowd.", "A man with a tennis rack on a court.", "A man on a tennis field getting ready to strike a ball. ", "A tennis player serves the ball in front of an audience. "]
["The man is playing tennis on the court. ", "A man in white is playing tennis on a lime green court.", "The tennis player is about to hit a ball with his racket.", "A man in white shirt and shorts playing tennis.", "a person hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racket on a tennis court."]
["A woman holding a tennis racquet near a ball.", "the woman on the court is playing tennis.", "The lady in the pink shirt was playing tennis", "A woman tennis player is wearing a white hat and has her arm extended out with her tennis racket as the ball approaches.", "this woman is returning a served tennis ball"]
["A woman holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.", "A girl playing tennis in front of an empty stadium.", "A young person that is serving a tennis ball to his opponent. ", "A female tennis player runs while holding a racket.", "A woman in black shorts and a white top playing tennis."]
["A man with a slice of pizza in his mouth.", "A man holding a slice of pizza in his mouth.", "A young man is eating a slice of pizza in his room.", "A man with a silly look holding a slice of pizza in his mouth.", "A man eating a slice of pizza without holding the slice in his hands."]
["A clock mounted on the side of a building.", "A clock that is on the side of a building.", "An elaborate clock tower decorated with gold zodiac symbols.", "A large clock sits on the side of the building.", "A large gold clock on the side of a tan building."]
["There are vases of flowers behind a large window.", "An image from the outside of a window with flowers on the windowsill.", "a window with some vases sitting in it ", "Potted plants rest on the sill of a window", "some plants sitting next to a window "]
["LOOKING AT A WINDOW FROM THE OUTSIDE IN", "A tall window with roses and other flowers in it.", "tree vases with plants in them on a window", "A window ledge with two potted plants on it.", "A window sill topped with vases filled with flowers."]
["An office room with multiple laptops and computer equipment.", "A couple of laptops on a couple of desks in an office.", "Dimly lit room with desks and computer equipment.", "The laptop sits near the double hung window", "A laptop computer sitting beneath a window next to a desk."]
["The laptop is on a desk near an office chair.", "A small table with a laptop computer and a chair in front of it.", "A computer, lamp, and books sit on a desk.", "a laptop sits on a desk next to a mouse", "A computer desk, chair, table, and laptop. "]
["a virtual blonde girl is on the floor", "Female depicted lying on floor in simulated computerized photo.", "A computer generated woman looks from behind a computer laptop.", "A blonde video game character laying on a wood floor next to a laptop. ", "a close up of a person with a laptop near a tv"]
["Laptop on a desk with an external mouse attached", "A laptop and an empty chair in a room.", "A grey laptop has a corded mouse connected through its usb port.", "A computer and mouse are set on a desk. ", "A mouse is hooked up to a laptop on a makeshift desk."]
["A little boy sitting on top of a teddy bear.", "A black and white view of a boy sitting on a teddy bear.", "Small boy sitting on top of a stuffed animal.", "A young boy is sitting on top of a stuffed animal.", "A boy points a toy gun at the stuffed bear he is sitting on.  "]
["a opened book and half of a mask sit on a floor", "An opened book on a table and something else I don't know what it is.", "An open book is on a table with a broken mask.", "Half of a mask featuring large teeth and a slanted eye sit on a table near an open book.", "a book that is open and laying by a white mask"]
["A man sitting in front of a laptop computer.", "The man is watching hockey on his computer.", "A picture of a man watching a hockey game on a laptop.", "A man sitting in the airport watching a hockey game on his laptop.", "A man watching sports on his laptop. "]
["A large brown bear sitting up against a building.", "A stuffed bear in a basement and a outside view of a building.", "A painting with a bear and an office building", "A teddy bear sitting in a corner near city street.", "A teddy bear in an empty building and the outside of a building"]
["A small store with various stuffed animals arranged in front of it. ", "A group of stuffed animals sitting next to some ducks.", "An old coutnry store has a display of stuffed animals outside.", "A country store with several teddy bears and geese there.", "Stuffed bear are set in chairs outside of a store."]
["A young boy photographed in black and white is holding a bear.", "A little boy in an old photo holds a teddy bear.", "A young boy holding a teddy bear next to a tricycle.", "A young boy holding a teddy bear next to a tricycle.", "A young boy holds a teddy bear in his hands."]
["A woman sits at a desk with a lap top that has a post it on it", "A girl sits and looks at the screen of the laptop computer.", "A photo of a woman using a laptop on a table.", "A young woman working on a laptop computer.", "a close up of a person sitting at a desk with a laptop"]
["The huge stuffed bear is lying on a couch.", "A gigantic teddy bear sprawled out on the couch.", "Large teddy bear laying face first on a sofa.", "A giant teddy bear laid across a couch. ", "A very large stuffed toy on a couch."]
["Two small stuffed animals are placed on the bed. ", " A couple of stuffed animals laying on top of a bed.", "A monkey and teddy bear sitting together on a bed.", "A sock monkey stuffed animal next to a teddy bear on a bed.", "A teddy bear and a sock monkey stuffed animal on a bed."]
["Three slices of french toast with orange juice on a restaurant table", "a white plate with some food on it", "A plate filled with french toast sitting next to a drink.", "picture of food in restaurant - grilled meat on white plate with orange drink and side dish", "A meal is being displayed on a table."]
["A man sitting at a table with a laptop computer.", "Three men sit at a table and use laptop computers.", "Three young men sit at a table using four laptops.", "A few boys are all sitting on their laptops at the table. ", "people sitting around a table while using their laptops "]
["A pretty woman sitting at a desk using a laptop computer.", "A woman gesturing with her hands and sitting at a table with a computer. ", "A woman is giving a presentation with a laptop.", "A woman sits at a table with an open laptop in front of a screen.", "A woman hosting a seminar to a class"]
["a toilet and a microwave sitting out for the trash", "A pile of thrown-away items near the corner of a building.", "A microwave and toilet sitting on a wooden cart on a curb.", "A microwave oven, toilet bowl, paving tiles and a wheeled cart stacked near a wall by a sidewalk", "A pile of trash next to a building."]
["A purse sitting next to its contents and a laptop", "The contents of a purse laid out on a bed.", "A wallet, MP3 player, headphones, change, cellphone, flash drive, mascara, pencil, bracelets, keys, and handbag sit on a bed in front of a laptop.", "The contents of a purse sitting on top of a bed.", "A purse, laptop, iPod, cell phone, coins, earphones and a pencil laying on a bed."]
["A kitchen cabinet that has glassware inside of it.", "Various plates and cups in an cabinet in a room", "An oven with a toaster oven sitting on top of it.", "A stove sitting next to a display cabinet.", "A kitchen has a full china cabinet and stand."]
["A crowd of people standing on a subway platform.", "People standing on side of subway track waiting for train.", "Tired commuters wait at a subway station for the arrival of the next train.", "A group of people are standing by a train track waiting for the subway.", "Several people waiting for the train to arrive."]
["A man standing under an umbrella  in the rain using a cell phone.", "a couple of people holding an umbrella ", "Adult man standing under umbrella on rainy day looking at cell phone.", "A man wearing a hat and covered by an umbrella is on his cellphone.", "A person is using their phone under an umbrella."]
["a teddy bear under tree branches and plant life with trees in the background", "A teddy bear is behind some fallen wood in the forest.", "A brown teddy bear in a forest with trees and shrubbery.", "A teddy bear is sitting in the woods.", "an image of a stuffed teddy bear behind a rock"]
["A woman dressed in black using the phone", "THERE IS A WOMAN THAT IS TALKING ON THE PHONE", "A woman talking on a phone while wearing a black shirt.", "A woman walking and talking on a cell phone.", "A woman smiles as she talks on a cell phone."]
["A counter top, a microwave, a stove, and a fridge.", "Picture of a microwave mounted under kitchen cabinets", "A black microwave oven sitting above a stove top oven.", "a large black built in microwave over an electric stove", "A kitchen with a microwave, stove, oven and refrigerator."]
["An white oven with cookies being baked inside.", "A kitchen with cookies in the oven baking", "The cookies are inside an oven in the kitchen.  ", "an oven with a pan of cookies baking inside it", "A white oven with a stove on top of it sitting in a kitchen."]
["A woman using a smart phone with her two hands.", "A blurry picture of a person texting on a cell phone.", "a close up of a person looking at a cell phone in the store ", "A picture of someone doing something on their phone.", "A person is holding a pnk and black object."]
["A person in a wheelchair plays music on a CD player while talking on a wireless telephone.", "A man in a wheelchair holding a phone to his ear, in front of a CD player and CD's on the side.", "A man sitting at a table in a wheelchair while on a phone. ", "A man sitting in front of a Ghetto Blaster while talking on a phone.", "a person sitting in a hair talking on a cell phone "]
["A table on which a typewriter, books are kept and other gadgets are there.", "A table with several pieces of  classic audio equipment", "A black and white picture showing an office with a radio, and a desk with a typewriter on top.", "An old turn table record player and a microphone.", "an old black and white photo of a desk with a microphone"]
["The phone is laying on the desk with all of the other stuff.", "A view of a cell phone and a watch on a table.", "A cell phone on disorganized work space with other things", "Two cell phones, a camera, a watch, a passport, chapstick, and a clip of money litter the table.", "there are two phones and a watch on the table"]
["An unknown man making a call on his cellphone.", "a man with red shirt talking on a cell phone", "A man in a red shirt is talking on a cell phone.", "A man is talking on a cell phone.", "A man with a red shirt standing back to is holding a cell phone up to his ear."]
["Young boys and girls taking pictures with their cell phones.", "a child using a smart phone next to other kids ", "A young child taking a photo with a mobile phone.", "Several children take pictures with their cell phones.", "a boy is taking a picture with a flip phone"]
["A woman holding up a smart phone to her face.", "A closeup of a phone covering a person one eye", "a person looking through the lens of a cellular phone", "A close-up of a persons face who has their eyes closed and face scrunched up, with a cellular phone covering on eye.", "A woman with a scrunched up face and a camera covering one of her eyes."]
["A little girl talking on a cell phone while sitting down.", "A girl sitting in a chair talking on a cellphone.", "A girl on a cell phone sitting down.", "A pretty young blond girl talking on her cell phone.", "A girl talking a phone sitting in a chair."]
["A woman and a man sitting to each other  blue couch.", "Several people sitting in a room one of them looking at a phone.", "A man and woman posing for a picture while another person uses his cellphone", "Mature man with women sitting apart from man with cell phone.", "A couple pose for a photo on a couch while a man checks his phone in the corner."]
["A very small cute kid with a cell phone.", "a toddler listening to someone on a cell phone ", "a kid with a phone putting it on the ear", "A child holding a flip phone and looking up.", "A boy holding a cell phone to his ear while looking up. "]
["A pink cellphone and white palm pilot on a table.", "A pink phone is sitting next to a white phone on a table.", "An old style phone next to a newer phone.", "Two types of devices sitting next to each other on a woook table", "An older Nokia sits next to another newer phone on a table."]
["A lady is riding a bicycle while talking on a cell phone.", "A woman rides her bike and talks on the phone", "Woman on cell phone bicycling down the street.", "A woman on a bike while on a cell phone.", "A woman riding a bicycle making a call on the road near a building with cars parked outside"]
["A person holding a cell phone with a picture of grazing cows on it's display.", "Reality and fantasy meet in this phone image of grazing cattle unaware of What Lies Above.", "Someone displaying a silly image on a smartphone", "The YouTube video is shown on the mobile phone.", "a hand is holding a small video player "]
["A woman sits on a bench and talks on the phone.", "A woman in a short dress talking on a phone while sitting on a bench.", "A woman in leather boots sitting on a bench on a cell phone.", "A woman sitting on a bench while talking on her phone.", "a woman sits on  bench while using a cell phone "]
["A sitting man holding a cell phone near a ship.", "A man sitting on a ships mooring anchor at the dock.", "A man is sitting outside while holding a closed umbrella.", "A man that is sitting down near a boat.", "A man sitting on a boat anchor looking at his phone."]
["A woman sitting in a chair beneath a sign saying not to sit there.", "A young woman is sitting in a chair on her cell phone.", "A woman using a smart phone while sitting down.", "A girl taking a self portrait as she sits in a place marked \"Do Not Sit Here.\"", "A girl is messing with her cellphone in a chair"]
["a man walks and talks on his cell phone", "A business man in a suit walks while he talks on a cell phone.", "A man walking down a street next to tall buildings talking on a cell phone.", "A man walks down a brick sidewalk while talking on a phone.", "A man walking on a sidewalk talking on a cellphone."]
["A beautiful young lady talking on a phone while smiling.", "A woman with a lanyard and name tag while on a cell phone.", "A woman standing in a corner by a curtain taking a cell phone call. ", "A woman smiling while talking on her cell phone. ", "A woman is sitting in a corner talking on the telephone."]
["While in a restaurant a young man is playing with his phone.", "A male fiddles with a smart phone in a restaurant.", "A cluttered restaurant has a boy at a table with a phone.", "A young man using a smart phone in a cafe.", "A young man looking at his cell phone while seated at a restaurant."]
["A mini fridge with an open door and a white interior.", "A freezer on top of a refrigerator in a kitchen.", "A freezer was left open with little food inside", "An freezer with the door open and little food.", "a kitchen mini  refrigerate  black square "]
["a man in black opening a fridge smiling", "A guy in all black holding a refrigerator door open.", "The man is standing half way in the refrigerator. ", "A man is standing partially inside an open refrigerator.", "a male in a black shirt and a refrigerator"]
["A kitchen with a dishwasher, refrigerator and pantry.", "A kitchen with a refrigerator that still, has stickers on it.", "The kitchen has dark colored cabinets but clean. ", "A room with a refrigerator and a larger object with a door.", "Picture of a fridge in a kitchen next to grey items"]
["A kitchen with marble counter tops and black appliances", "A kitchen has granite, cabinets, an electric stove, refrigerator, and sink in the kitchen island", "An empty kitchen has a large island in the middle.", "an image of kitchen setting with black appliances", "Kitchen with an island sink, stove, and a refrigerator. "]
["a large and old brick building with a clock on it", "A tall brick building with a large clock on it's side.", "A brown brick wall with windows and a clock.", "A clock on the front of an old brick building.", "A clock on a brick building wall of some sort."]
["A stone building that has a clock located on it.", "A large clock mounted to the side of a tall building.", "a clock on top fof building that is very high up.", "The face of a clock against a concrete brick building.", "A clock on a building has dots for the numbers."]
["A woman stands next to a fridge that has several glasses on top.", "A woman standing behind a mini fridge, which has two glasses and a bottle on it.", "The woman is painting behind her refrigerator in the kitchen. ", "Appliances in the middle of a kitchen while it is being painted", "A kitchen scene with a person moving a refrigerator."]
["Two vases filled with water and lots of colorful flowers.", "A couple of glass vases with flowers on a desk.", "A couple of vases that are sitting on a table filled with flowers.", "Two vases with multi colored flowers in them.", "There are two vases of pretty flowers on a table."]
["A round window showing a man's face in the upper corner of a building.", "A stained glass window on a brick and stone building.", "Beautiful stained glass window surrounded by brick architecture. ", "A tall building with a round glass window and a sculpture of a creepy old man's face above it.", "A round windowoutside of a building with a statue of a man's head on top of it."]
["A picture of a night time scene featuring a building with a large clock.", "A tall clock tower lit up in the evening.", "a clock tower with its lights on during the evening ", "A large clock tower at night beneath a cloudy sky.", "A very tall clock tower illuminated by lighting."]
["Teddy bear and clothing hanging from clothes lines outside window.", "A stuffed toy is hanging on a laundry line.", "A few items that were left out to air dry.", "some clothes and a teddy bear pinned to an outdoors clothes line ", "a stuffed bear is hanging out of a window"]
["clock on the front of an old stone building", "An old building with a blue door and clock.", "A multi-room building presents a clock on its face and several chimneys.", "A clock above an entrance to an historical structure.", "a stone building with a clock at the front of it"]
["a vintage photo of a tower with a clock inside of it ", "a tall tower with two clocks built in to the side of it", "A stone tower clock sitting outside on a cloudy day.", "A very tall tower with with a big clock on it.", "A black and white photograph of a clock tower showing two clock faces on 2 of the sides of the building."]
["A clock sitting on top of a table in front of a window.", "a glass window with a clock behind it and trees reflected in the glass", "A number of items on display in a glass window. ", "The clock is displayed in the window. ", "a glass with a clock sitting behind of it "]
["A golden block sitting in a  room on red carpeting.", "A fancy clock stands in the room with red carpet.", "A fancy antique standing clock is on display.", "We are looking at a closeup of an ornate clock.", "a big gold grand father clock sitting in the inside of a building "]
["A pair of glasses hung on the side of a vase", "an image of a vase next to a pair of glasses", "Pair of glasses on end with earpiece resting inside glass vase.", "The leg of a pair of glasses is stuck inside a clear vase. ", "The eye piece of the eyeglasses is inside the glass vase.\n"]
["A table with a bowl, pitcher vase, and coffee mug.", "there is a red tea pot that has flowers in it", "A display of flowers sits on a living room table.", "A red coffeepot with flowers on the table.", "some cute pink flowers sitting in a red watering can"]
["A dining room with table, chairs, windows and doors.", "It must be nice to have a dining room that overlooks the water.", "Home dining area with white walls and furnishings overlooking water.", "Bright white eating area with lots of windows facing a lake.", "A long white table sits in front of glass double doors."]
["A wooden table topped with glasses with plants.", "there are many glass vases with flowers in them", "multiple clear vases with tulips in them on table", "SEVERAL CLEAR VASES ARE ON THE TABLE WITH TULIPS IN EACH ONE", "A few vases sitting on a table with flowers in them"]
["A woman in a red shirt holding a pink vase.", "The woman has a nice bouquet of flowers and a pink vase to put them in. ", "A happy young lady that is showing off her latest vase that she bought.", "Lady holding a pink vase with a bouquet of flowers behind it.", "a lady holding a vase for her flowers."]
["A close shot of someone holding a small pair of scissors. ", "A person holding a pair of small metal scissors.", "A person holding a small pair of scissors by a desk.", "Someone is holding a small scissors in their hand.", "A person sitting next to a desk holds onto a little pair of scissors. "]
["Scissors on the counter next to radio with spindle on top.", "A night table set with tissues, a clock and sewing supplies.", "A radio sitting on top of a counter next to a pair of scissors.", "A stand with various items on it including thread on scissors.", "A full view of some materials laying on a table. "]
["A piece of bread with wrapping around it with scissors.", "A pair of scissors next to a rock wrapped in paper.", "A scissors, a rock and a piece of paper displayed on a flat surface.", "A pair of scissors and crumpled paper sitting on a table.", "A depiction of rock, paper, scissors with scissors, a rock and crumpled paper."]
["A piece of white hair, scissors and a rose.", "A rose with scissors and a lock of hair.", "a pair of scissors leaning against a red flower.", "Scissors, a flower and a lock of hair sitting on a table.", "A roll of cotton and a pair of scissors"]
["A leather satchel opened up containing various cutting tools.", "There is a black case with metal scissors in it. ", "A black case filled with scissors and wire cutters.", "Scissors and tools lay in a black case on a green surface.", "Shiny silver tools are sitting inside a black case."]
["a close up of a pair of scissors on a counter top", "A large pair of old scissors sits on a table near a wooden box.", "There are a very large pair scissors on a counter.", "A large, black scissors sits out on a desk.", "a large pair of scissors sitting on a table in a button storage area"]
["a group of stuffed animals sit next to each other ", "A shelf of teddy bears that say Feliz Navidad.", "A stuffed Christmas teddy bear lays on a shelf.", "A shelf filled with lots of stuffed teddy bears.", "Many stuffed bears are in the toy rack."]
["a teddy bear sitting by some blocks like he's playing with them", "Stuffed bear and toy set sitting on floor.", "A teddy bear and wooden toy on a brown floor.", "Stuffed bear with toy hammer and wooden pegs.", "A teddy bear sitting on the floor in front of a block type game."]
["The man hold the electric guitar in front of the ornate teddy bears.", "A man holding a wooden guitar next to a pile of stuffed animals.", "A guitarist eyes a collection of stuffed animals", "A guitar player stares suspiciously at a group of stuffed animals.", "A man playing with a guitar in front of teddy bears."]
["A breakfast plate includes fried hotdogs, eggs, cheese on bread and a scoop of potato.", "An up close picture of some food on a table.", "A plate with breakfast food on it, including eggs sausage, bread and other items.", "A platter of food that includes eggs, hot dogs, and cheese.", "A white plate topped with food sitting on a black table."]
["The large platter has a bagel, fruit, butter and sour cream.", "a plate with a bowl of fruit, a bagel, and some butter and cream cheese", "A bol of fruit and ice cream sit on a plate with a bagel.", "A plate with a bagel some fruit and cream cheese.", "a plate containing different varieties of food each in their own bowl"]
["A tray of food sits on an outdoor table. ", "a black table with purple tray with a drink and food on it", "There is a tray full of food and a cup of water on the tray.", "Eggs, bacon and sausage in a paper trough. ", "Breakfast foods on a plastic tray at an outdoor cafe"]
["A plate that has different food on it.", "Breakfast items served at table with hot and cold beverages.", "Rice with red sauce with eggs over the top and orange slices on the side.", "A plate of rice and ac couple of sunny side eggs.", "A plate that has different kinds of food in a pile."]
["a couple of plates that have some food on them", "a close up of a plate of food on a table ", "Pastries on a wooden table top in kitchen", "Many ingredients are placed on a table for cooking.", "A table with various meets, breads and tomatoes on it."]
["There is a group of people that are sitting at the table eating food", "People are eating at a very large gathering.", "a crowded restaurant with people having something to eat", "People are sitting around a table and sharing a meal.", "A group of women eating at a dinner table and conversating."]
["people sitting around a table eating dinner at a restaurant", "A group of people sitting around a table eating food.", "A group of people eating food at a dinner table.", "A group of people enjoying a meal at a table.", "there are many people sitting at a table eating"]
["Two asian people pose for a picture while sharing drinks at a table.", "Two people drinking alcohol that are smiling for a picture.", "A couple enjoying wine at a dining table.and food.", "A couple posing for a picture at a table.", "The Asian couple is sitting at the table enjoying wine with dessert"]
["Three flutes of champagne sit on a table with a white table cloth.", "some people at a table some menus and drinks", "Three wine glasses are on a restaurant table.", "A group of wine glasses sitting on top of a table.", "A table has a menu and wine glasses on it."]
["The man grins in a restaurant holding a glass of wine.", "a man sitting at a table holding a glass of wine", "A handsome man holds a glass of white wine and looks at the camera.", "A man with a glass of drink smiles", "Man takes a picture while holding a glass of wine"]
["People enjoying a meal and wine under white umbrellas.", "A couple that are sitting at a table.", "A couple of people with umbrellas sitting at a table.", "Two people smile sitting at a table covered with wine glasses.", "two people sitting at a table with many wine glasses"]
["A person riding a bike in the rain while holding an umbrella.", "a man riding a bike in the pouring rain", "A man on bicycle holding an umbrella passing by a building.", "An old poor market is alone on the street.", "A man riding a bike with an umbrella is going past a shop."]
["A man riding a bike across a street.", "A man that is sitting on a bicycle.", "a person on a bike that is going across the road", "A person riding a bicycle on a road with cars. ", "a person riding a bike on a city street "]
["A person on a motorcycle is next to parked bicycles on the sidewalk.", "a guy on a bike sitting next to a bicycle ", "A person parked on the side of the street on a motorcycle.", "An individual sitting on a crotch-rocket next to a parked bicycle. ", "the motorcycle is next to the bikes on the street"]
["Various people walking on a street in front of a wall advertisement.", "A young boy holding a skateboard behind his head.", "People stand outside a large ad for Gap, featuring a young boy ", "A group of pedestrians are walking by an advertisement.", "A group of people walking down a sidewalk by a large advertisement on the wall."]
["a lady sitting on a concrete picnic table", "A sexy young woman sitting at a bench with a paper.", "A very fit looking lady sitting alone at a table.", "Back view of girl sitting at a picnic bench reading.", "Woman sitting on bench reading in large open space."]
["A woman holding an umbrella standing next to a black wall.", "A woman is standing under her umbrella in the rain.", "A woman holding a brown umbrella standing behind another umbrella on the street.", "Woman with umbrella standing on sidewalk in the rain.", "Woman with umbrella on a rainy day, near a broken, abandoned umbrella."]
["People are hiding under colorful umbrellas on a rainy day.", "Three umbrellas with various patterns and a building in the background.", "people walking on a city street holding open umbrellas", "an image of polka dot umbrella being held", "A number of umbrellas decorated in different patterns."]
["Three men sit at a conference discussing a topic", "Three people sitting in an office with a big screen on wall", "three men on computers having a discussion with each other", "A group of people sitting next to each other.", "Three people with laptops in a small room."]
["a person in a white t shirt cooking on a stove", "A person cooking food at a kitchen stove.", "A person appears to be cooking on their stove ", "A person cooking in frying pan on the stove.", "A man stands in front of his stove preparing a meal."]
["A man holding a microphone while sitting down.", "A man with brown blazer and glasses holding a microphone", "A man holding up a microphone talking . ", "A balding man is holding a black microphone.", "A man is sitting down and talking on a microphone. "]
["A wooden center island in a kitchen next to two flat screen TVs.", "A staged kitchen is ready for filming on set.", "a fake kitchen area with a tv and a counter", "A room that has various types of electronics in it.", "A car a tripod is set up near a small kitchen."]
["Two television that are sitting on stands in a room.", "this is a room with several tvs and a man", "A room with a desk, tables, and television screens.", "a large piece of wood furniture in a room", "The view of a small kitchen display between two television screens."]
["A window in a kitchen filled with green plants.", "Plants sitting near an open window inside a house. ", "Several potted plants in front of a window.", "A dining room window with many potted and hanging plants.", "A chair and some plants are sitting next to the window."]
["An older woman walking behind a bus on a city street.", "an older woman walking in the street and a bus ", "An older woman in the street has a bus with a face advertisement behind her.", "Woman crossing a city street behind a commercial bus", "A woman crossing the street behind a bus."]
["A microwave oven sitting on top of a counter top.", "A stainless steel microwave on a kitchen counter top", "Microwave sitting on a counter with other kitchen furnishings around it", "A kitchen counter has a microwave, sink, and dishwasher.", "a kitchen counter with a microwave and a sink"]
["A large kitchen with a stove and a sink.", "A kitchen with a stove top oven next to a kitchen counter.", "The large kitchen has wooden cabinets and drawers.", "A large kitchen has lots of brown cabinets and a silver stove and dishwasher.", "The kitchen is clean and ready to use. "]
["A couple of birds fly through a blue cloudy sky.", "Group of three people sailing kites up in the sky. ", "A beautiful blue and pink sky overlooking the beach.", "Group of people are flying kites on the beach.", "This is a gorgeous sunset at a beach with a parasailor in the distance."]
["The person stands in a field flying a yellow kite. ", "A man is flying a kite at a park outside", "The woman is flying a yellow kite outside in the day,.", "A young woman standing on top of a green field flying a kite;", "A man flying a kite on a cloudy day"]
["A couple of people standing in a field flying a giant kite.", "A large blue bird balloon flying in the sky.", "Two people are flying a large character kite on the grass.", "Two people in a grassy field with a colorful owl floating in the air near them.", "Men flying a kite that looks like a big blue bird."]
["a woman is standing next to an oven", "A woman getting ready to cook some food in a small kitchen.", "A woman that is standing near an open oven.", "The woman in the kitchen is tending to her food.", "A woman standing in a  kitchen baking bread."]
["A kitchen with many pots and pans hanging on the wall ", "A kitchen with pots hanging over the stove. ", "a long line of pans that are hanging on the wall", "there are many pots that are hanging on the wall in the kitchen", "Hanging frying pans in small, tidy commercial kitchen."]
["A person laying on an inflatable mattress with two sleeping bags.", "A man lying on an inflatable mattress on the floor.", "A shirtless man is lying on a raft in a dirty room.", "A man a sleep on a mattress inside of a sleeping bag.", "A man sleeping in and unfurnished room on a blow up mattress with a sleeping bag."]
["A kitchen with an island and window over the sink.", "Kitchen and dinning room view of a house.", "A fancy, sunny kitchen with bowlfuls of watermelon slices on the counters.", "A kitchen gets lots of sunlight, with watermelon on the table.", "Watermelon and plates sit on a kitchen island in morning"]
["A long, narrow yellow kitchen with black and white floor tiles.", "yellow kitchen with black and white floor and pendant light.", "The kitchen had a yellow wall and checkered floor. ", "a yellow walled kitchen with a black and white checkered floor", "A kitchen scene with yellow walls and a checkered floor pattern."]
["A white and black checkered floor in a kitchen.", "A checkered design kitchen floor with a black fridge.", "A room with yellow painted walls and black and white checkered floor.", "A yellow kitchen with black and white checkered linoleum flooring.", "A kitchen with a dining area and black and white checkered floor."]
["The man is walking down the street with no shirt on.", "a shirtless man skating down a somewhat busy road at night ", "A person on a skateboard on a city street.", "A man with no shirt on a skateboard.", "A shirtless smiling man skates down a street with his skateboard."]
["A person in a room with knives and scissors hanging on the wall.", "A person sitting in front of several knives being displayed on a wall.", "a person is standing near a bunch of cutting instruments", "A woman looking down while standing in a room with a bunch of knives", "A woman with dread locks in a kitchen beside a wall of knives and scissors. "]
["A young woman is curling her long hair.", "There is a woman holding scissors to her hair.", "A woman that is holding her hair and a pair of scissors.", "A woman looks apprehensive as she prepares to cut her own hair with scissors. ", "a lady cutting her own hair with a pair of huge scissors"]
["A large professional kitchen has a stainless steel counter.", "The restaurant kitchen is closed until lunch tomorrow.", "The large, industrial sized kitchen has many pots and pans. ", "A commercial kitchen is full of clean dishes.", "a kitchen with a bunch of appliances inside of it "]
["A kitchen that is in the process of having the floors done ", "A kitchen that is in the process of a renovation.", "A kitchen wit ha lot of tools and other items in it", "A kitchen with a white stove top oven and a refrigerator.", "this kitchen seems to be being fixed or under construction"]
["A glass cup full of some drinks set on a table counter.", "an image of a glass of wine on the counter", "A marble counter holding a glass of white wine.", "A glass of wine sitting on a counter top.", "A wineglass with wine on top of a dining table"]
["People are in a circle at a table on laptops.", "A group of people engaged at a business conference.", "People with laptops sitting in a semi-circle around a conference room.", "a meeting room with several people and laptops discussing a project", "A room filled with people sitting at desk using laptop computers."]
["An older man carrying a plate of food and making a silly face. ", "A man walks through a kitchen with a plate of food.", "A man carrying a plate with food on it.", "A man holding a plate of food while standing in a kitchen.", "A man opening the oven with food in one hand."]
["Various bowls with food in them sit on the counter.", "A stove top and counter is full of food.", "There are bowls of vegetables next to a large pot.", "The first picture is blank, there is nothing here.", "A pan filled with something on top of a stove top."]
["a shelf with a bunch of stuff on it", "A wall shelf holds an assortment of items.", "A shelf has many different items displayed on it. ", "A unique bookshelf is pictured that contains a lot of pots.", "The crooked shelving is unstable and will eventually fall down."]
["Two individuals riding bicycles on a board walk.", "People riding bikes on a small wooden pier that stretches far into the water.", "Two people riding bikes down a boardwalk by a body of water and some docked boats.", "People and boats around a pier as the sun sets.", "A person rides a bike down a pier at sunset."]
["A bathroom sink and towels hanging on the door.", "Two towels hanging on a door of a bathroom", "A bathroom with a sink and two burgundy towels on the door. ", "A bathroom with checkered tile and maroon towels.", "A bathroom with a checkered black and white tile floor"]
["A bike and a dog on the sidewalk outside a red building.", "a dog sitting on a side walk with a bike near by", "A black and white dog standing next to a bike.", "Bicycle parking outside a store with a dog along side it.", "a dog and a bike sitting next to a red wall "]
["A restroom filled with graffiti and two toilet stalls.", "A public restroom has graffiti all over the stall walls.", "Bathroom with two toilets and graffiti on the walls.", "There is a large amount of graffiti drawn on the bathroom walls.", "Bathroom stalls with graffiti written on the walls. "]
["a small dog is tied up to a bike outside", "A dog chained to a post beside a bike", "a bicycle is leaning against a pole outside", "The little dog is tied to the bicycle. ", "a black and white dog a bicycle and a person and buildings"]
["A white sink and mirror in a room.", "Bathroom scene of a sink and decorations surrounded by pink walls.", "A bath room painted in pink with feminine decor", "A home bathroom obviously decorated by a woman", "A bathroom sink sitting underneath a bathroom mirror."]
["a rainy day with people on the road with umbrellas and a person with a cycle waiting in the shade. ", "An older man standing and watching pedestrians on a sidewalk", "A gentleman waiting out the rain with a bicycle. ", "MAN WITH AN UMBRELLA AND A BICYCLE GETTING OUT OF THE RAIN", "A man in plaid shirt standing by a bicycle next to street."]
["a dirty room packed with a bunch of stuff", "There is a room with things all over the place.", "An interior room with clutter overlooking the city and water.", "A living room filled with furniture and lots of clutter.", "A messy living area with various items all over the place."]
["A bike parked on a sidewalk near a street.", "a  bike on the street being parked at night", "A bike standing on a sidewalk next to a road at sunset.", "A bicycle is parked on a brick sidewalk.", "A bike in the road with its shadow on the ground "]
["A kitchen sink sitting next to a toilet.", "A black and white, checkerboard bathroom with a red towel hanging up.", "A red towel hanging in a black and white bathroom.", "the bathroom is tiled black and white floors\n", "a bath room with a toilet a sink and a mirror "]
["A small bathroom has a toilet, sink, mirror, and a small trash can.", "Shower view of the toilet next to the sink with a large mirror above it.", "A compact home bathroom with toilet, pedestal sink, and tub/shower.", "A small bathroom with a toilet and a sink.", "Corner view of a home restroom with toilet, mirror, sink, and bathroom products."]
["A bathroom with a reflection of a television and a sink.", "A bathroom with a sink and mirror and tissues on the counter.", "Bathroom area with multiple sinks and mirrors with television reflected.", "A sink and mirror in a motel room.", "A bathroom with a television, sink and two boxes of tissues. "]
["there is a glass vase with a cloudy liquid in it", "A table topped with a mushroom and  vase filled with liquid.", "The jar of fluid is next to a mushroom. ", "a vase half filled with water and a mushroom ", "A milky residue is at the bottom of the vase on the table."]
["A shower head with an electric device hooked up to it.", "A removable, adjustable sprayer in a shower is running", "a shower head in a shower with water coming out of it.", "A fancy massage shower head mounted on the wall.", "an image of a shower head that is by the sink"]
["The narrow corridor of a restroom for men with stalls and urinals. ", "A burgundy and white tiled public men's restroom", "A bathroom with tiled floors with stall doors and urinals.", "A white bathroom with wall mounted urinals and stalls.", "A narrow men's room features no privacy for its urinals. "]
["A white colored vanity area with a mirror, sink and double light on the wall above the mirror.", "A bathroom vanity is adorned with an elegant lighting fixture.", "Bathroom counter with lighting on over mirror and sink.", "A bathroom has decorations hanging on the wall.", "a bathroom with a sink a mirror and a towel holder"]
["A bathroom showing a necklace rack and toiletries grouped on the sink ", "A bathroom with hygene products and a place to put necklaces.", "A bathroom with a sink, counter and electrical outlet.", "A bathroom sink sitting under a large mirror.", "Personal care items and jewelry are next to a bathroom sink. "]
["a glass walled shower in a small bathroom", "A fairly modern bath with tiles a clear glass shower door and a bowl sink, with a mirror.", "A sink sitting in the middle of a bathroom.", "A white bathroom sink sitting next to a walk in shower.", "A shower and a white sink with a wooden cabinet"]
["A bathroom with a toilet sitting next to a tub.", "An open bathroom door with a toilet and shower tub.", "A door open into a tiled bathroom with a shower and toilet", "A toilet and shower curtain in a bathroom", "A small bathroom is shown from a door."]
["a man putting his bike on a rack in front of the bus", "Man inspects bicycle on the front of a city commuter bus. ", "A man is placing a bicycle on the front of a bus.", "A man putting a bike on the front of a metro bus.", "A bus driver putting a bike on front of a bus"]
["A row of three wall mounted urinals in a bathroom.", "Blurry photograph of a modern public restroom with urinals", "Three urinals with modern wavy dividers between them.", "A public men's restroom has three urinals. ", "THERE ARE THREE URINALS IN THE BATHROOM STALL"]
["A white sink sitting under a bathroom window.", "A bathroom toilet, sink, and wooden hamper and cabinet.", "A bathroom that has one window and a white toilet and sink under the window.", "Bathroom scene dominated by brightly sunlit window over pedestal sink", "A bathroom with a white toilet and sink."]
["A bathroom with a toilet, sink, and shower.", "A full bathroom with a wicker laundry basket.", "A little bathrood decorated with many colorful objects", "A small bathroom containing a toilet and sink. ", "Bathroom containing a toilet, a sink and a wicker basket."]
["A tiled bathroom with a single vanity, toilet and shower.", "a bath room with a toilet a mirror and a sink", "Three pictures are framed above a toilet in the bathroom.", "Picture of a bathroom with three paintings over the toilet.", "In a bathroom, three scenic photos, framed in black, are hung above the toilet."]
["A bathroom with a stall shower and a white sink basin.", "A bathroom with raised shower, sink, widow and mirror.", "A full view of a bathroom with the shower and sink. ", "A bathroom with a sink and shower stall only.", "A simple gray bathroom including sink and shower."]
["A bathroom showing sink, toilet, and shower ", "An old average looking bathroom that looks clean to use.", "A bathroom with a toilet, sink, mirror and a shower stall.", "A white toilet sitting next to a walk in shower near sink.", "A corner of a rest room with a shower with glass walls."]
["A white bathroom mirror mounted to it's wall.", "A mirror over a shelf with a light and a shelf below.", "The medicine cabinet, shelf and light fixture in an old bathroom", "a frosted bathroom mirror hanging on a wall", "A medicine cabinet that is on a wall in a room."]
["A white tub sitting next to a toilet in a bathroom.", "A bathroom with a toilet and a bath tub and wooden walls.", "A restroom with a bathtub and a toilet.", "There is a bath tub and a toilet in the bathroom.", "A bathtub that has a blue mat inside of it."]
["a bathroom with bright lights and white carpet ", "A light is reflected in the large bathroom mirror.", "A hotel bathroom sink with black counter tops.", "A bathroom area with sink and a large mirror.", "a black and white counter a sink mirror and a light"]
["A bathroom scene with a bathtub and a sink.", "A large yellow walled bathroom with white curtains", "A bathroom with marble bath tub and sink.", "A bathroom view shows a white shower curtain.", "A hotel bathroom has towels as well as a shower, mirror, and scale."]
["Women smiling looking into a mirror while fixing their hair.", "Pair of adult women in bathroom looking at mirror.", "Two young women smiling in mirror of a public restroom.", "Two women taking pictures of themselves with a camera in a public bathroom. ", "Two woman pose for a picture in front of the mirror"]
["A white sink sitting underneath a mirror in a bathroom.", "A small little table with some toiletries next to a sink.", "a bathroom with a little desk next to a white sink ", "Bathroom with white tiled walls and white oval mirror.", "A bathroom with a desk and a small sink"]
["A cat looking out of a vehicle window during rain.", "A cat sitting on the side of a car door window.", "A cat ridding in a car looking out the window with a small building in the background.", "A cat looking out a window of a car.", "The cat was sitting in the car looking out at the rain."]
["A orange tabby cat laying down on a black car", "An orange cat laying on the hood on a car.", "A cat sits on top of a black car.", "A cat that is sitting on top of a black car.", "A yellow cat sleeping on the hood of a black car parked in the garage."]
["A red and black smart car parked next to a parking meter.", "The red and black compact car is parked on a street with a green parking meter.", "A small car in a small parking space.", "A small electric car parked in a spot on a street side.", "How many people are able to fit into this itty-bitty car?"]
["A  lawn sitting on a snowy sidewalk by a hydrant.", "a lawn chair on a sidewalk in the snow", "A lawn chair on a snowy sidewalk in the rain", "A lawn chair sits outside in the snow.", "A chair sitting at a fire hydrant near a road."]
["A car accident between a car and a bus", "A car crashed into a passenger train next to a building.", "A transit train and a black car have collided in the street.", "A car that appears to have hit a trolley", "A white train colliding with a black car."]
["A walkway suspended over a street with a clock mounted to it.", "A bridge spanning over a street with a clock on it.", "A building overpass displays and advertisement for office space.", "I clock on a bridge that goes over a city street.", "A clock and sign on overpass with cars driving below. "]
["An above snap shot of a flushing toilet bowl.", "The toilet is in the process of being cleaned. ", "a close up of a toilet with tiled floors", "White toilet being flushed in tiled floor bathroom.", "Blue foam that is sitting inside of a blue toilet."]
["A person pouring water into a drain from a bowl.", "a man pouring water from a blue bowl onto a with object", "A man pours water from a blue bowl into a white basin.", "The man is cleaning the toilet bowl. ", "A person pouring a bowl filled with water into another bowl."]
["two legs a toilet a stall door and white tile", "A men's bathroom door with a large window cut in the bottom of the door. ", "a half bathroom door showing the bottom half of someones legs", "A toilet cubicle door that you can see through the bottom half, revealing a mans feet and calves standing in front of a toilet ", "A bathroom stall door that only goes half way down."]
["A pile of toilet paper sitting on top of a toilet.", "Three packs of bath tissue stacked on a toilet.", "Some toilet papers are stacked up on top of a toilet. ", "Several stacks of bath tissue stacked on top of a toilet.", "Three packages of toilet paper sitting on top of a toilet seat."]
["A woman is kneeling down next to a toilet.", "A woman sitting on a bathroom floor leaning over a toilet.", "Women wearing black clothes sitting next to the toilet. ", "a girl in a blue top a toilet and a bidet and blue tiles", "A woman that is kneeling next to a toilet."]
["Artistic toilet piece sitting in the center of a museum gallery. ", "A toilet seat turned into a piece of artwork at a art room. ", "Tall toilet covered in artwork and seat shaped like a instrument. ", "A modern art piece on display in a museum.", "A small toilet bowl on display in the center of a room"]
["The grinch riding a motorcycle with a small dog with antlers.", "A man on a motorcycle with a green painted face", "A man and dog on a motorcycle in Christmas costumes.", "A man painted green wearing a Santa Claus costume and his dog ride a motorcycle.", "A person with a painted face is riding a motorcycle"]
["A dog sitting on top of a motorcycle in an intersection.", "A monkey is riding a motorcycle down the road.", "A group of people watch a dog ride a motorcycle. ", "a person walking behind a motorcycle with a dog on it ", "A dog rides on a motorcycle while a man walks behind."]
["The bathroom is neatly decorated in a retro style.", "A neat, organized bathroom with bathroom furniture and decor. ", "A white sink and toilet in a room.", "A clean bathroom with two towels on a towel rack.", "bathroom with a toilet with the lid up"]
["A cat sitting on top of a white toilet in a bathroom.", "A cat sitting on top of a toilet bowl in a bathroom.", "A cat sitting on the toilet lid in the bathroom", "Small cat looking out from a top a toilet.", "Calico cat is sitting on the toilet seat."]
["A row of urinals stand on a wall in a bathroom area.", "A row of urinals that has two short ones at the very end.", "Urinals at differet levels in a bathroom with a brick floor", "a row of urinals in a public bathroom.", "A row of 5 toilets, the last 2 are at different height than the first 3.  "]
["A red motorcycle riding down one side of the street and a cow walking down the other side of the street.", "A motorcyclist going past a black cow on the road.", "A man on a motorcycle photo shopped into a picture ", "A guy on a red motor bike rides next to some cows. ", "A man on a motorcycle riding past a herd of cows."]
["A man in yellow jacket on black motorcycle with a tan teddy bear.", "A person on a motorcycle with a giant teddy on back", "The cyclist is carrying a very large teddy bear.", "A man on a motorcycle with a very large teddy bear.", "A man on a motorcycle with a huge teddy bear riding with him."]
["A local hero rides through the streets of town on his motorcycle with stuffed animals.", "A man on his motorcycle with a teddy bear attached.", "A man rides a motorcycle that is decorated with three teddy bears.", "The man is on a motorcycle with three stuffed animals fastened on at the headlight and each front tire.", "A man riding on a motorcycle with three stuffed teddy bears attached to the motorcycle."]
["A restroom stall with a white toilet and a toilet paper dispenser.", "A public toilet seat with public toilet paper.", "The small room contains a toilet and toilet paper dispenser. ", "A toilet sits under a toilet paper dispenser.", "A toilet and toilet paper dispenser are in the stall."]
["Two motorcycles parked beside one another in a garage.", "A row of motorcycles in garage with deer's head in background.", "Motorcycles sitting beside each other in a garage. ", "A couple of motorcycles parked in a quite spacious garage.", "A group of parked motorcycles in a garage. "]
["A cat wearing a sweater and glasses under a book shelf.", "a cat in a red shirt is wearing some glasses", "The cat under the table wears glasses and a sweater.", "A cat is sitting under a shelf wearing a pair of glasses. ", "A cat wearing a sweater and a pair of glasses"]
["A large clock on the side of a building has biblical pictures.", "A clock on a building with people painted around it.", "a clock with religious icons painted on a wall", "A clock mounted to the side of a building.", "A clock with Latin writing and paintings on it."]
["The interior of a public bathroom with multiple sinks.", "A lined with four sinks under a large mirror.", "a blue and white bathroom with a mirror and four sinks", "A bathroom is decorated in bright blue marble designs.", "A colorful bathroom with four sinks in front of a large mirror."]
["Two horses grazing in a field with ruins in the background.", "Two houses grazing in a field next to a brick building.", "two horses are eating grass in a pasture.", "A couple of horses standing on top of a lush green field.", "two horses standing in the grass by a bighouse "]
["A person on a motorcycle with a stuffed reindeer on the window.", "A person sitting on a bike on the street.", "there is a woman wearing a pink scarf on a motorcycle", "A man on a motorcycle has a stuffed Rudolph on his windshield. ", "A man is riding a motorcycle with a stuffed reindeer mounted on the front. "]
["A man riding down the street in a horse and carriage", "A group of cars parked in a lot.", "A horse drawn carriage comes down the street on a clear day.", "a horse drawn carriage on a city street", "The cars are sharing the busy road with the horse."]
["A black dog in a bathroom drinking out of the toilet.", "a dog with its head in a toilet ", "A dog is putting his head in the toilet.", "A black dog with a red collar is drinking out of a toilet bowl.", "A black dog drinking from a white toilet."]
["A white toilet in a bathroom next to a white sink.", "Black and white photograph of a bathroom with sink and toilet.", "A dimly lit bathroom just has a toilet and dirty sink.", "Light and dark walled restroom with sink and toilet.", "The small bathroom has a small sink and a toilet."]
["People walk by a row of parked motorcycles. ", "A row of motorcycles is parked on the street as people walk by.", "A group of people on street next to a row of motorcycles.", "A woman looking a motorcycles with balloons lined up on a street", "A group of motorcycles parked next to each other on a street."]
["A man riding on the back of a motorcycle next to a muscle man.", "Two people are next to a small motorcycle.", "A man leans next to a man on a motorcycle, next to a bunch of old furniture and other cast off items, including tires. ", "A man on a moped smoking a cigarette with another man standing next to him with his arm around him.", "A man sitting on a motorcycle smoking with another man's arm around him."]
["a bunch of toilets laying on some cement stairs next to a building", "Several broken toilets lie on a cement staircase.", "A few toilet bowls and sinks sitting outside on some steps.", "Several bathroom fixtures are sitting on the stairs.", "Broken toilets and sinks are outside on the stairwell."]
["A storage room full with wooden furniture and bikes.", "A back alley with two mopeds and various furniture.", "motorcycle and bike stored away next to some chairs", "A room filled with a motorcycle and lots of junk.", "A bicycle is in a storage closet near other old objects."]
["Baskets of oranges and a basket of pears.", "apples in buckets ready to be sold and other fruit", "A basket of pears surrounded by baskets of oranges.", "Several bowls filled with oranges and one with pears.", "Multiple baskets filled with fruit including oranges and pears."]
["Two cats sitting on a  sill looking out the window", "two cats in a home office looking out of a window", "Two cats in an office look out the window.", "The large adult cats sit calmly on a work desk.", "two black cats sitting by a window looking outside"]
["a close up of a cat on a desk near stuffed animals ", "black cat sitting near a printer with 2 stuffed animals", "A black cat sitting on desk with two teddy bears.", "A black cat is standing on the desk with a printer and small stuffed bears. ", "A black cat on a desk with a printer and two stuffed bears."]
["A black cat sitting at a computer desk topped with a monitor.", "The cat is at the desk near the computer.", "A black cat setting on a computer desk.\n", "This is a picture of a black cat by a computer.", "Black, green-eyed cat sitting by a computer desk and monitor."]
["A man riding a motorcycle with a helmet on. ", "There is a man driving a red motorcycle.", "A person on a motor bike on a road.", "An advertising photograph of a motor cycle rider", "The man on the motorcycle is traveling down the road."]
["A woman in white jacket on skateboard in a building.", "A woman standing on a skate board in an office. ", "A woman standing on a skateboard inside an office.", "A woman standing on top of a skateboard.", "a woman on a skating board in a room smiling"]
["A bathroom with a small toilet and a brown lid and a larger white toilet. ", "A white toilet sitting next to another toilet in a restroom.", "Two toilets are together with no separation in a public bathroom.", "Looking down at a bidet designated with a pictogram ", "Toilet bowls in a public bathroom with a sign behind it"]
["A computer monitor sitting on top of a desk.", "Lazy cat on a workstation shelf above a computer monitor.", "cat laying on the top shelf above the computer monitor", "A cat laying on a shelf over a computer screen.", "Computer screen displaying a page of small print. "]
["A man is sitting on a little scooter in traffic.", "Looking out from a vehicle onto the street at a man on a motor bike and a car stopped in front of him.", "a man riding a red moped stopped at a stop light ", "Man on a scooter parked at a traffic stop. ", "An individual is doing something that is uncommonly entrancing. \n"]
["A cat is sleeping on a computer desk.", "A black cat is sleeping on a wooden desk next to a computer monitor.", "A black cat sleeping on a desk next to a computer monitor.", "A cat taking a nap on a desk beside a computer. ", "A cat is sleeping on desk beside a computer."]
["Two desktop computer monitors sitting on a desk with a keyboard and mouse.", "A dual monitored computer atop a corner-fitting glass tabletop.", "A desk with two computer monitors and a wired keyboard and mouse.\n", "two computer screen with keyboard on a glass desk ", "An office area set up with multiple monitors"]
["A man riding a motorcycle in pink furry boots.", "A man on a motorcycle wearing pink fuzzy boots", "The man on the large black motorcycle has pink chaps.", "Biker in pink boots rides down the road.", "A motorcyclist in leather wearing hot pink furry boots"]
["a couple of motorcycles are parked outside of a building", "There are 5 motor bikes lined up near the wall.", "Five motorcycles parked and a man standing next to one of them.", "A row of motorcycles parked under a large stained glass window.", "a man standing talking on his phone in front of a building"]
["A black and white cat sitting on the side of a computer monitor.", "Black and white cat with collar peeking out from behind monitor", "A cat sitting next to a computer monitor next to a speaker.", "A black and white cat is sitting behind a speaker.", "A cat peeking around the side of a computer screen."]
["a dog with a plate of food on the ground", "A brown and white dog standing over a bowl of food.", "A small dog looking up from his feeding bowl", "A small dog looking up while standing in front of a food dish.", "A brown and white dog looking at the camera."]
["A cubicle with two computers at the desk. ", "A desk that has two computers on it.", "An office cubicle with a desk, a laptop and desktop computers.", "A work station with a computer and a lap top.", "A computer is set up on the office desk."]
["MIXTURE OF FRUITS KEPT IN A BIG BOWL.", "A big bowl of assorted fruit on display among a crowd of people.", "A glass bowl filled with fruit on a silver platform.", "A large bowl of grapes, apples and oranges sits in a market stall. ", "An open air market with a lot of fruits in a bowl "]
["A row of motor scooters at a motorcycle festival.", "Crowds on the street walking around in town. ", "A stretch motorcycle is parked next to a curb.", "Several people walking down a sidewalk next to motorcycles", "People walking by a row of motorcycles that are on the sidewalk. "]
["two males on computers and a gray keyboard", "a closeup of a computer keyboard and mouse with workers in the background", "A computer keyboard with two men sitting beyond.", "The side of a computer keyboard with people in the background", "A closeup view of a desk with a keyboard, mouse, and monitor."]
["A fully furnished living room with a television leads into a bed room.", "A living room with a view and bedroom in the background.", "A living room with furniture with a look into the bedroom.", "A hotel room with two chairs a couch and a tv.", "Nice looking front room with brown furniture to decorate it with."]
["A woman riding a red motorcycle wearign a helmet", "The woman is riding her motorcycle down the street. ", "A WOMAN RIDING ON A RED FLAMED MOTORCYCLE WEARING CHAPS.", "A lone motorcyclist is on his bright red bike.", "A woman riding on the back of a red motorcycle."]
["A person sits on top of a motorcycle with a stuffed toy.", "A person riding a motorcycle with a stuffed animal on the back.", "A person on a motorcycle with a stuffed animal on back.", "A motorcyclist riding with a stuffed animal attached to the back.", "A person in full leather riding a motorcycle with a stuff animal on the back."]
["A black cat is sitting on the bench and turning back its head. ", "A black cat sitting on a bench in the open.", "A cat sitting on a bench in front of a building.", "A cat sitting on a bench in the sun ", "a black cat sitting on a bench "]
["the bike is coming down the street with his lights on", "The motorcycle rider is cruising the street at night.", "Two people ride the motorcycle on the city street.", "It's a cloudy night for a ride on the motorcycle.", "Police on a motorcycle drive down a city street."]
["a man sitting on a motorcycle in a bike shop", "A man sits on a motorcycle while another man makes adjustments.", "A man working on a motorbike in a garage", "Two people working on a white dirt bike", "A guy sits on a motorbike while another fixes it."]
["A row of motorcyclists lined up while passer byers watch.", "A group of motorcyclists waiting at the beginning of a track.", "Group of police officers riding on yellow motorcycles with people looking on. ", "Police riding motorcycle down a road next to people.", "Three police motorcycles at a crosswalk talking to pedestrians."]
["A man riding on the back of a blue motorcycle.", "A man on a blue motorcycle on the sidewalk.", "a person sitting on a parked motorcycle near a building", "A man sits on a motorcycle on a sidewalk.", "A rider in jeans, a jacket and a helmet sits on a bright blue motorcycle outside Flying Tiger Motorcycles."]
["The front of a motor cycle against a black and white tiled floor.", "A motorbike parked on a bay with a car beside it", "The handlebars of a motorcycle with a bow on it are viewed up close. ", "A vintage green motorcycle handle bar with a bow on it.", "A picture of the handle bars on a motorcycle. "]
["A man dressed in mostly all black riding on a black motorcycle.", "A motorcyclist wearing helmet and goggles on his motorcycle. ", "A person on a racing bike wearing a helmet and backpack.", "A man riding a motorcycle in the road.", "A person riding a motorcycle on a street."]
["A person is riding an orange motorcycle doing a hand motion", "A person on a black and copper motorcycle.", "Guy riding his  gold motorcycle giving a signal.", "A woman on an orange motorcycle with a helmet", "Person tiding an orange motorcycle with one had raised."]
["a person riding a motorcycle on a city street ", "A man wearing a helmet rides his motorcycle down a street. ", "A man riding a motorcycle down a street.", "A PERSON WEARING A HELMET IS RIDING A DELUXE MOTORCYCLE", "A person riding a motorcycle on a roadway."]
["A subway train with a row of orange and white seats.", "Three chairs under a window on a train.", "inside a subway with a view of the door windows and seats", "A full view of a train in a subway station.", "A seat and door on an empty train. "]
["A bedroom with a large bed sitting under a painting.", "A bedroom that has a door to the outside in it.", "A couple of folded pillow cases are placed on the made bed. ", "a white bed a green wall a television a chair and lamps", "A green hotel room with a large bed set with two sets of pajamas. "]
["A large bedroom with big windows and a patio.", "A hotel room with a balcony and computer. ", "A spacious  bedroom with access to a balcony.", "a bed room with a bed and large clear doors", "A hotel room with a large bed and two giant windows."]
["A small TV on the hard wood floor of a building", "A black tv is on the wood floor in an empty room.", "Looking into a large window at a television in the corner on a wood floor.", "a tv in a room behind a window ", "A view from the outside of a window of a building "]
["An airplane is parked on a runway and someone is standing nearby.", "a airplane tha tis parked on a concrete runway", "A man is walking by a plane on an airport field.", "an aircraft that is on a airplane runway", "A man standing on top of a tarmac next to a small airplane."]
["A picture of a plane is flying in the air.", "An airplane with two propellor engines flying in the sky.", "A propeller plane flying through a blue sky.", "A small airplane is flying through a clear blue sky.", "A propeller plane flying through a blue sky."]
["A large jetliner sitting in front of a tall building.", "A plane is on the tarmac at Naha Airport.", "a red and white tail of a large plane", "An airport with an airplane that has a red tale", "An airplane is parked in front of a large building. "]
["A man driving a car across an airport runway.", "two airport workers transferring cargo from one plane to another", "people are transporting something to another area at the airport", "A worker driving a cart pulling a trailer loaded with cargo.", "Airport vehicles carry items and other equipment to parked planes"]
["An airliner is descending over the water to an airport.", "air liner flying over a large body of water", "A large jetliner flying over the ocean and mountains.", "A jet airliner flying over a body of water with a barrier.", "An air plane jet liner flying over the water."]
["Four air planes are flying in the air leaving fog. ", "Four airplane flying in formation. Smoke trails are coming out of 3 of the plane", "there are four planes that are flying in a organized pattern", "The four airplanes are flying through the sky.", "Four planes that are flying and turning in the blue sky."]
["A jet is flying through the air leaving smoke behind it.", "A JET IN THE AIR IS HAS A LOT OF DARK SMOKE COMING FROM IT", "A plane with smoke coming from the tips of both wings.", "An jet plane with smoke coming off the ends of both wings flying through the sky.", "a jet flying in the sky with smoke "]
["A fighter jet flying through a  cloudy sky.", "The yellow fighter jet is turned sideways in the sky. ", "A model plane is flying through a cloudy sky.", "a yellow plane flying in a blue sky.", "A small yellow plane is flying in the air."]
["Yellow military jet making pass against gray cloudy sky.", "jet fighter flying in a banked left turn ", "a fighter jet flies through the blue sky ", "A figher jet plane flying on its side through the air.", "A fighter jet in the air with a cloudy sky in back."]
["Two airplanes release smoke while flying near each other.", "Two planes are mirror image of each other in the air. ", "two red and black airplanes doing a trick in the sky", "two planes ride toward each other as smoke trails behind them", "two old aircrafts flying towards one another in the sky"]
["People watching a plane take off from a runway.", "Airplanes on an airstrip beneath a hazy sky.", "A large passenger jet taking off from an airport runway.", "Two people watching airplanes taking off from the airport.", "Two people watching a jet airplane coming in for a landing."]
["A man stands in front of an airport with many airliners on it.", "This is a photo of an airplane on a runway and someones head is in the photo. ", "A man is standing near a busy airport.", "A view of plane sitting on a runway in the middle of the  airport.", "The view of an airport runway from a distance."]
["The giraffe is sticking out its long tongue, perhaps tasting the fence rail.", "A giraffe sticks out its neck and its tongue", "An adult giraffe extending it's tongue over a fence.", "A giraffe standing next to a wooden fence licking a fence.", "A giraffe sticking its tongue out over a wooden fence."]
["Four giraffes in the wild eating from trees.", "Four giraffes in a grassy plain with trees in the background.", "Four giraffes are standing in front of some trees.", "Four giraffes standing in front of trees on a grassy field. ", "Several giraffe somewhat distant standing on the edge of a wooded area."]
["A monkey runs past some giraffe standing by the trees. ", "A herd of giraffe standing next to a small monkey.", "a monkey runs away from a herd of giraffes", "Several giraffe and a monkey in a plain.", "The giraffes are grouped together on the desert plane. "]
["A giraffe grazing from a tree with rock wall in background.", "A lone giraffe standing next to a wall.", "A single giraffe that is eating some leaves off of a tree.", "The giraffe is eating leaves from the tree.", "A very tall giraffe looking at the trees."]
["A sun spot is the only mark in a clear sky with a plane traveling over a snowy expanse with a bunch of detritus on it.  ", "an air plane flying in the sky over a snow covered surface", "A plane flies over a row of snow mobiles.", "An airplane flying over a snow covered field.", "A plane is flying over a group of recreational snow machines."]
["a man using a cross walk to cross a street", "A man walking across the street at an intersection. ", "some people walking across a crosswalk with a car parked by it ", "Pedestrians crossing the street of a downtown area.", "People cross a city street from different sides."]
["A small town street filled with traffic beneath a mountain.", "There is a lot of traffic on the road. ", "A busy city street with a mountain view", "Traffic on a busy street is contrasted with a mountain far away.", "cars driving down a somewhat busy road with a green light "]
["A couple of giraffe standing on top of a field near a rock mountain.", "Two giraffes are standing in a field with heads down.", "Two giraffes standing near the grass, with their necks bent low.", "These giraffes are standing together on a dirt path", "Two giraffe standing on grass near a rocky wall."]
["A United jet liner flying through the air.", "a large blue and white airplane in the sky", "An airplane is flying in a blue sky.", "Blue and white propeller airplane flying through the sky. ", "A airplane that is flying in the sky."]
["Adult giraffe with young standing near wall and tree in enclosed area.", "A tall giraffe bending down to snuggle a baby giraffe.", "A mother giraffe and her baby are touching nose to nose.    ", "there's a mamma giraffe kissing her baby giraffe ", "a large giraffe and a small giraffe behind a fence"]
["A street intersection at night with no vehicles on the road.", "An empty street is lit up at night.", "Bright lights flare over an empty city street.", "A deserted intersection of main roads in a city at night", "An empty city roadway is lit with street lights and traffic signals."]
["A bird sitting on the back of a giraffe next to a tree.", "a little bird sitting on the back of a giraffe ", "The rear end of a giraffe with a bird sitting on it ", "A bird is sitting on the behind of a giraffe.", "A bird sitting on the back of a giraffe. "]
["A giraffe is walking up a grassy and rocky hill.", "A giraffe stands on a hill covered in rocks and grass.", "A giraffe walking on a grassy hill with mountains in the background.", "A lone giraffe walks on a rocky, grassy hill.", "A tall giraffe standing on top of a lush green hill."]
["A city with tall buildings and a large green park.", "Cars driving on a road in front of a city scape on a cloudy day.", "Cars drive on a road just outside of a city.", "A city landscape with cars, trees, and tall buildings", "A picture of an open air zone that looks incredible.\n"]
["A dog and a goat with their noses touching at fence.", "A dog greets a sheep that is in a sheep pen.", "Two animals get close through a fence. ", "A sheep and a dog touching noses through a fence.", "a couple of animals that are beside a fence"]
["two airplanes sitting on the air field another going down the runway", "A plane sitting on the runway at sunset.", "The twin engine airliner is being towed on the runway. ", "An airplane sitting on the runway at dusk.", "Jet airplane parked at an airport at twilight."]
["A street going through a city with tall buildings.", "Shot of various traffic signs and traffic light in city area.", "A street intersection in some Asian city somewhere in Asia.", "street signs and a street light hanging on a metal pole above a street.", "Large, tall buildings stand close together in an Asian city."]
["An airplane is waiting at the jet bridge", "a picture of a plane with characters on the side", "An airplane parked on the tarmac at the airport.", "A plane with drawings on the side waiting for people to board.", "An airplane with Hello Kitty characters on it at an airport."]
["A street light sitting next to a building on the side of a road.", "A red lamp post holds two flags on each side.", "some signs on the road showing the street and direction", "Street signs next to a large brick building.", "A pole with two lights, two signs and a street sign on it. "]
["A giraffe looking at something in some bush.", "A giraffe eating the natural foliage in the wilderness.", "A giraffe standing in a wooded area, and looking at the camera. ", "A tall giraffe stands in the green shrubs.", "a tall giraffe in tall green grass "]
["An airplane flies in the sky amid blue sky and big, puffy, white clouds.", "A plane flies above in a cloudy sky.", "A plane prepares to land on the tarmac.", "A large passenger jet plane flying directly overhead.", "A large commercial plane flying overhead in a cloud filled sky"]
["A Jet2 airplane parked out on the edge of the tarmac", "An Air Plane is parked at the station. ", "A large airplane parked in a stationary position.", "there is a gray and red plane on the run way at the airport", "A red jet on a runway loading passengers."]
["A big city street at night with the ghost of a taxi driving through an intersection.", "a see through car gets ready to turn at a street light ", "A double exposed picture of a brightly lit up part of the city.", "A yellow taxi caught in motion making a right turn on a street.", "A city street at night with light traffic."]
["A plane with water skies for landing gear coming in for a landing at a lake.", "Float airplanes use a lake as a runway.", "A small airplane in the sky and another in the water.", "A plane flying through a sky above a lake.", "a red and white plane is flying over some water "]
["A gray tiger cat sitting underneath a metal bench.", "Grey and black cat sitting under a bench.", "A kitten is sleeping underneath a metallic bench.", "a close up of a cat laying on concrete under neath a bench", "Grey tabby cat resting beneath metal bench with eyes closed."]
["An orange cat laying in front of  a green wooden bench.", "A cat laying on the sidewalk near a wooden bench.", "A cat is laying in front of a bench on a patio.", "An orange cat lounging on a floor in front of a bench.", "An orange cat laying on the ground in front of a bench."]
["A blue and white giraffe reaching for food up in a tall tree.", "A blue and white giraffe statue position outside", "A sculpture of a blue giraffe stands erect.", "a piece of art depicting a blue and white giraffe ", "A blue and white statue of a giraffe."]
["a small cat stands on some snowy plank ", "Cat looking out from atop a frozen bench.", "A cat is walking on a wooden deck in the snow.", "A black cat walking on top of a wooden bench.", "A black cat is on a wood bench in the snow."]
["A cat sitting on the back of a bench while looking upward. ", "A cat standing on top of a wooden bench.", "An orange cat sitting on top of a bench.", "An orange cat climbing up a green chair.", "A orange and white cat stands on a bench."]
["Two cats, brown  and black cats on a bench", "An orange cat sitting on the ground with a black cat atop a bench.", "Two cats cleaning themselves near a park bench. ", "A couple of cats bathing themselves on a bench.", "A cat sitting on the ground while another cat sits on a bench."]
["Two orange cats on steps with a  bench in the background.", "A cat sits on the steps as another climbs up.", "A cat is sitting in front of some steps", "A cat that is sitting on some steps.", "Two orange tabby cats near a set of stone steps. "]
["A cat is sitting on a basket under a bench.", "A kitty in a basket under a bench.", "A house cat siting in a basket underneath and bench.", "Cat lying in woven basket under wooden bench outdoors.", "A cat that is sitting in a basket under a bench."]
["A cat sitting on a wooden bench outside.", "A cat is sitting on a bench outside.", "A cat with a concerned look sitting on a bench.", "A cat sitting on a wood bench near leaves. ", "A large orange and white cat sitting on top of a wooden bench."]
["A traffic light next to a set of stairs.", "A street traffic signal posed on the side of a snowy road.", "A street light and one way sign point the way.", "Snow on the ground and the steps are clear next to a green signal light.", "A snow covered street corner reads \"one way\"."]
["A tall giraffe is standing by a fence.", "A photo of a giraffe standing in a field.", "A giraffe stands in an enclosure among trees.", "A giraffe standing on the grass near some trees. ", "A giraffe standing alone with a low fence behind it."]
["Two people sit with a small child, who is wearing a large hat, on a park bench.", "Two parents on a bench with a little girl wearing a large hat. ", "The woman adjusts the hat of her small child as a man holds the child's hand. ", "Middle aged couple playing with toddler on bench in park.", "Two parents are helping a baby put on a hat."]
["Many posters are placed on a wall near a busy street.", "People are holding signs, maybe protesting, next to traffic. ", "a street sign on a busy city street", "a crowded street filled with people and their signs", "People holding signs on a one way street."]
["A wet rain soaked street surrounded by buildings and trees", "A street light on the corner of an empty, wet street.", "there is only one car that is parked on this street", "A view down a quiet street in St. Louis.", "Vehicles parked along street with dome-topped building and arch in background."]
["A man in a black shirt rides an elephant as a man walks near it down a street.", "A man leading an elephant down a street carrying another man", "on a road, a man rides an elephant, while another man leads", "Men riding and walking an elephant down a street.", "The men are walking and riding an elephant down the street."]
["There stoplight in front of the buildings is green. ", "Green traffic signal and a do not walk sign in front of high rise buildings.", "A green light is going and a walk signal has just expired", "A traffic light is green at a city intersection.", "A traffic light flashes green against the backdrop of a city."]
["A book sitting next to a cup of coffee on a bench.", "a bench with a piece of paper and a coffee cup on it", "A notebook and a Dunkin Doughnuts cup are sitting on a bench.", "A white cup and a napkin sitting on a black park bench.", "A black bench with a coffee cup sitting on it"]
["A bus stops next to a street sign.", "This bus,  parked at the curb, is destined for downtown.", "an  image of a bus that is going down the street", "A metro bus is pulled up to a bus stop.", "A bus is parked on the corner of a street."]
["A sign on a bus that welcomes passengers and gives safety instructions. ", "some white black blue and red signs and a building", "A bus interior shows an industrial facade and a car and the word facility from a large window, as well as a portion of the driver's area, and directly behind it  a vertical wall with a welcoming sign. ", "A welcome sign on the passenger/driver divider on a city bus.", "The view of a welcome sign on a bus "]
["A bus is displaying rider information pamphlets at the front of the bus.", "A row of pamphlets are sitting on a shelf at the front of a bus.", "the area for bus route booklets on a bus", "A bulletin board filled with blue pamphlets on a city bus.", "A holder of bus schedules taken during the travel"]
["A shorn sheep behind a chicken wire fence", "A small sheep standing next to a white tub in a field.", "Sheep and a duck behind a wire fence.", "a white goat a duck and some animals on a hill", "A lamb has made its way to the food trough alongside a grassy hill."]
["A bus stop is decorated with blue brochures.", "A metal sign is holding Metro route pamphlets.", "A metro station with various route pamphlets in a holder.", "The displays houses bus schedules and a route map.", "a display case holding assorted bus ride guides"]
["Looking out of a commuter bus at a small town grocery", "a view of the inside of a public transit bus", "Blue seats in a bus in a city.", "A city bus with hard blue double seats", "Some seats in a bus parked near a grocery store."]
["A green bus is parked near a city curb.", "Metropolitan green and white bus on roadway on sunny day.", "The public bus is proud to be an environmental one.", "a green and white bus sitting by the curb?? ", "A bus with a bike rack travelling down a street."]
["A couple of giraffes that are standing in the dirt.", "A couple of giraffes are sitting in the wild. ", "A giraffe habitat with a lot of grass for the to graze.", "a giraffe leans over into the grass in a habitat", "This is a picture of three giraffes inside of a zoo."]
["A man sitting on a bench near a pole.", "A person is sitting by themselves on a park bench.", "The young man is sitting on the bench alone. ", "A man sits on a bench outside under a lamp.", "A man sitting on a bench near a pole with lights. "]
["Many sheep are inside a wire fence near a large hill.", "a fence with a mountain in the background", "A gated area that has some sheep grazing.", "A fence leans away from a scenic mountain view.", "A lush green hillside with animals grazing on top of it."]
["Several giraffes, including an infant, stand in an exhibit.", "Two giraffes standing near water and different types of trees.", "a large giraffe and a small giraffe posing in the picture", "A couple of dead stuffed giraffe standing in a museum", "three giraffes some trees and plants and blue sky"]
["a large giraffe is outside eating from a tree", "a giraffe eating some leaves off a tree ", "A giraffe is eating something leafy off a pole.", "A giraffe that is standing in the grass eating from a tree.", "A giraffe eating from a small tree while standing."]
["Two giraffe walking through a lush green field.", "A giraffe is standing in the middle of the field with its baby.", "A giraffe with their young on a plain.", "A giraffe and its baby standing in a field of glass", "A giraffe and its young on an open prairie."]
["Three giraffe standing next to each other on a field.", "Three giraffes stand together in a grassy foothill area.", "a small group of giraffe walking in a grassy area", "The giraffes walking walking across a flat grassland.", "Three giraffes stand in the grass by a dirt pile."]
["An empty park bench next to a park under a blue sky.", "Paint peeling off of a bench with others lined up down the sandy stretch.", "A horizontal close up view of a park bench.", "A close up picture of a park bench with peeling paint.", "A wrought-iron city park bench seen through the armrests."]
["a man standing on a sidewalk next to an rv", "a man departing a bus onto the street and another man standing next to the bus from the sidewalk.", "A man with water bottles watching while another gets off of a train.", "A man has two water bottles standing by a bus.", "a man standing in front of a motor home with blue containers of water."]
["THERE IS A PARK BENCH FACING A SNOW COVERED MOUNTAIN ", "a bench sitting next to a river with snow on the sides", "BENCH OVERLOOKING SNOW CAPPED MOUNTAINS AND GREEN WATERS", "Wintery scene of a bench by a mountain lake", "landscape of a bench overlooking a body of water and mountains in winter"]
["A pair of children sit on a giraffe while other children stand nearby.", "Two children are playing on the back of the giraffe statue. ", "Children playing on and around a giraffe sculpture.", "Children sitting on the back of a giraffe statue with other kids nearby.", "children in a park two are sitting on a play giraffe"]
["A bus stopped at a bus stop in front of  a tall building.", "A bus and truck on a downtown city street in front of buildings.", "A bus on the side of the road in a city in front of a tan building with green awnings. ", "A view of a bus in front of a large building in the city.", "A city bus is parked on the far side of an empty city street."]
["A city bus parked next to a bus stop.", "A bus stopped at a curb on a city street.", "A bus is pulled up along a curb with no passengers waiting.", "A bus carrying passengers driving down the street.", "A bus at a bus stop on the street."]
["A group of people that are standing around giraffes.", "People watching giraffes stand around in a cage. ", "A group of people standing around a giraffe.", "A group of people looking at two giraffes.", "Giraffes lean over fences toward a group of people."]
["A city street filled with traffic and traffic lights.", "A bunch of street lights in a town hanging from ropes", "Traffic lights are hanging over a city street.", "A line with stop lights strung on it over a road ", "A very dark image of people and cars by a street."]
["A mechanical street light and a traffic sign in the street next to a moving car.", "A temporary sign in front of a temporary streetlight at an intersection.", "There is a portable street light being used on this street.", "A sign warning people to stop at red lights.", "A traffic light and a red sign saying \"WHEN RED LIGHT SHOWS WAIT HERE\""]
["A herd of sheep grazing on grass in a field.", "a field full of sheep on some nice green grass", "A bunch of very pretty sheep in a grassy field.", "an open field with many sheep grazing and nursing", "A small sheep getting milk from its parent in a field."]
["a black and yellow fire hydrant is near the street", "A black fire hydrant with a yellow top.", "A yellow and black fire hydrant sitting on a sidewalk.", "A yellow and black fire hydrant sitting on a sidewalk.", "A close up of a black and yellow fire hydrant."]
["A white bus has the words, crosstown, on the front while a man walks near the side of the bus which is front of a brick building.", "A close-up of the front of the mass transit bus.", "A city bus sitting at a bus stop.", "A bus loading and unloading passengers near a building", "The white-colored 51 Crosstown bus on the street"]
["Many flowers are laying in the dirt in the sun.", "Two flowers peer above the others in front of a wooden bench.", "The flower is starting to grow and bloom in front of the bench.", "a small field of white flowers with a bench in the background ", "Small wildflowers are blooming near a wooden bench."]
["A large white public bus parked on the street.", "A city bus pulled to a stop at a curb.", "A bus stopped along the side of the road at a bus stop", "a city bus is parked along a deserted side street", "This is a front shot of a public bus."]
["A large white city bus stopped at a bus stop.", "A city bus parked doors open on  a city corner", "The bus is by the bus stop now.", "a city bus on the street pulled near a bus stop", "A city bus stops at a city bus stop."]
["The bus is parked alongside the road and is empty.", "A white city bus traveling down a street next to a building.", "an image of a bus picking up people on its route", "a white bus traveling down an empty street", "A community bus parked on the side of the road."]
["A black and brown dog laying on a grass covered ground next to a yellow fire hydrant.", "A dog lying by a fire hydrant next to the sidewalk.", "a dog laying in the grass by a fire hydrant", "Black dog laying down next to a yellow fire hydrant on the grass. ", "A dog rests in the grass next to a fire hydrant."]
["A very cute black dog by a yellow fire hydrant.", "a black dog in the grass beside a yellow fire hydrant", "A dog sitting next to a hydrant in the grass", "a dog sitting in front of a fire hydrant in the grass next to the sidewalk", "A dog sitting on the grass in front of a fire hydrant."]
["A silver and rusted colored fire hydrant sitting next to a crosswalk.", "an old metal fire hydrant sitting by the curb and a crosswalk ", "A fire hydrant is sitting on a sidewalk.", "This fire hydrant is predominately silver in color, a cross walk can be seen in the background.", "a fire hydrant sits next to a city street "]
["An orange and black fire hydrant at the edge of a street.", "an orange and black fire hydrant is by a curb", "an orange and black fire hydrant sitting near the street ", "this is a fire hydrant sitting on the sidewalk", "An orange fire hydrant on the sidewalk of a street. "]
["A tent in a forest next to a silver and brown RV.", "a camp site and a trailer on the road", "Two pictures of a tent and a bus.", "Two juxtaposed pictures show a tent and a motor home.", "There is a tent with a photo of a bus under it."]
["Running track and playing field in a mountainous landscape", "A park with a walking track is pictured with mountains in the distance.", "A track is brightly colored underneath a sky with darkened clouds.", "The track is round and made of clay.", "an empty red track circling around a quiet park"]
["A public bus stopping on a street corner", "A bus with digital sign parked next to a curb.", "A Hyde park bus pulled over to the side of the road.", "A city bus has stopped in front of a store.", "A green and white bus number 51 that goes to Hyde Park."]
["A close-up view of a green and yellow fire hydrant.", "The green and yellow fire hydrant is on a residential sidewalk.", "there is a fire hydrant that is painted green and yellow", "a close up of a green and white fire hyrdrant next to a side walk with trees", "A yellow and green fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road."]
["A bench that is on a hill covered in snow.", "A skateboard and pole on a snow covered area", "A view of a bench overlooking a mountain range.", "An object is shown on top of white surface.", "A bench is sitting in the snow on the hill"]
["Several people are standing on a city street.", "School is out and the students cross the street to their bus.", "A group of people walking toward a bus.", "A group of young people walk across a street.", "Group of people standing in front of a blue-and-white passenger bus. "]
["A group of people standing next to a bus and a flag pole.", "There are a group of people standing outside a bus.", "The bus picks up the passengers outside of the building.", " a bus stops in front of a school to pick up people", "A group of people waiting at a bus stop."]
["There are some cars and trucks parked at a bus depot", "a big blue and white bus parked next to a car and truck", "A blue and white bus parked in front of an azure building. ", "A blue and white bus next to various cars on the street.", "A bus station that is loading the luggage for the bus."]
["A white bus driving down a street next to power line.", "a passenger bus with a billboard on the side of it ", "A bus is parked and waiting on passengers ", "Large city bus stopped on the side of the road", "A city bus that has advertising on the side and it is parked on the side of a street."]
["a white and black bus is driving down the street", "A transit bus is parked at the side of the street.", "A bus labeled \"Crosstown\" is parked on the side of the road.", "A white bus is traveling down the road. ", "A bus that sign reads \"Crosstown\". It is a metro bus."]
["a bus that is parked next to a street ", "A bus parked on the side of a road.", "This is a picture of a bus stopped letting a person out.", "A bus stopped at a bus stop to pick up passengers.", "This white passenger bus is waiting at a stop"]
["A blurry image of a dark colored bus at a bus stop.", "a black bus pulled over on the side of the road", "Black city bus pulling up to a street sign. ", "Black bus parked on the side of the curb.", "A bus pulls into a bus stop on the street."]
["Woman interacting with giraffe at fence in zoo.", "A woman face to face with a giraffe.", "a woman standing very close to a giraffe leaning over a fence", "A woman attending to a giraffe that's leaned over a fence rail.", "A giraffe stares at a woman standing close to it."]
["a  yellow fire hydrant on the corner of a street", "A yellow fire hydrant is sitting on a broken side walk.", "A yellow fire hydrant next to a street corner. ", "A yellow fire hydrant is sitting on the corner across from the park.", "A yellow fire hydrant is on the corner of an old sidewalk."]
["A giraffe standing in a lush green field.", "A giraffe at the zoo, with people watching.", "A giraffe in a fenced in area eating food.", "The giraffe is outside for the visitors to see. ", "A cute giraffe is next to a feeding box."]
["A colorful bus is parked on the street.", "Crosstown bus driver at curb waiting for his passengers.", "A bus with its door open on the side of the road.", "A commuter bus parked in a parking lot.", "A transit bus parked at a stop on a street side."]
["A crosstown bus is parked on the street.", "A white bus driving down a small street.", "A city bus with advertising on its side by a curb", "A public transit bus stops in the street ", "A large city bus is parked on the side of a street."]
["A red double stacked bus traveling down the road.", "A two-floor bus riding along a busy road.", "A double decker bus is driving down a street.", "A red two level city bus on a street with cars behind it and in the other lane.", "A red and black double decker bus travelling on a street. "]
["an image of a woman smiling at the camera and behind her is a giraffe", "A woman is posing in front of a giraffe.", "A woman is standing next to a display of giraffes.", "There is a woman posing in front of two giraffes.", "A smiling woman is in the foreground as a captive giraffe peers over the fence in the background."]
["A road is covered with snow with some tire tracks.", "A road covered in thick snow with large pine trees.", "A snow-filled uncleared road in a suburban setting.", "A road covered with thick snow in a neighborhood.", "Tire marks carve paths down a snow covered street."]
["A white and blue bus parked on the side of a road.", "The back of a stopped bus is on the side of the street with an open door.  ", "a city bus parked on the curb with an ad on the back", "An advertisement poster is on the back of this metro bus.", "A large bus parked on the side of the street."]
["The passenger bus is stopping alongside of the street.", "A commuter bus parked in front of  bus stop.", "A bus next to a bus stop sign waiting for passengers. ", "A bus pausing at a bus stop for passengers. ", "a bus sitting at a bus stop in the street."]
["A bus driving down a road next to a park.", "A public transportation bus with a bike rack on front.", "A passenger bus parked at the sidewalk of a quiet street.", "A bus that is empty on the street on a cloudy day. ", "A mass transit bus parked on the side of the road."]
["A very cute cat near a bunch of birds.", "A cat is standing outside next to a group of pigeons.", "A cat looking at a large group of pigeons.", "a cat standing on the sidewalk looking at a dozen of birds", "A cat is looking at a large group of pigeons."]
["A white and orange cat sitting on top of a sidewalk.", "A cat sitting near a group of pigeons.", "A cat is sitting angrily as a flock of birds peck behind.", "A white and orange cat in front of a flock of birds.", "The cat sits looking the other way as the pigeons congregate."]
["A black and white image of a huge heard of sheep. ", "A large herd of sheep near a stream on a farm.", "Hundreds of sheep walking in the water and a ranch.", "A group of sheep that are standing in the grass.", "Two herds of sheep standing on both sides of a long stream and valley."]
["A large white bus stopped at a bus stop covered in snow.", "a public transit bus on a city street with snow", "A public transportation bus sits by the sidewalk on a snowy day.", "A bus parked on the street on a snowy day.", "White METRO bus parked at curbside with door open."]
["There are a lot of animals on the hills.", "A flock of sheep grazing in the hilly area.", "A herd of cattle spread across an arid western meadow.", "A herd of animals grazes and lounges about in a grass.", "A heard of sheep, goats and lamas on a mountain side."]
["A green and white bus traveling down a road.", "The large city bus is painted lime green.", "A green and white bus on a snowy road.", "A bus is parked on the side of an empty street.", "A bus sits at a curb on a snowy road. "]
["A number 41 bus heading to Mt Airy on a road.", "A close-up of the front end of a mass transit bus.", "A white and blue bus driving down a road next to trees.", "a big white bus parked on the road.", "The Route 41 bus makes its rounds on a cloudy morning"]
["A transit bus stopped at a street side that's filled with snow.", "A white bus with a painting of a blue flower on the front stopped on a street near a snow covered sidewalk. ", "An empty bus parked on the side of a road.", "A picture of a bus stopped on the street.", "A bus pulled over on the road next to some snow."]
["A bus pulled up to the curb along a road.", "A city bus parked on the side of the street.", "A cross town metro commuter bus parked at the curb", "A city bus number 51 that goes crosstown", "A bus with the number 51 traveling crosstown."]
["A white bus sitting on the side of a street.", "A city bus waits on a street for passengers to show up.", "A bus is parked on the side of the road. ", "a passenger bus parked on the side of the road ", "A city bus pulled up alongside a curb"]
["A white bus driving down a street next to trees.", "The driver of a bus is parked alongside a street as he talks on a phone.", "A large white city bus on the street.", "The city bus has stopped at the side of the road. ", "a bus parked on the side of the road with the driver talking on a cell phone "]
["A bus sitting on the side of a road.", "A transit bus pulling into a stop waiting on passengers.", "A bus at a bus stop sports a bicycle rack.", "A white bus on side of road next to a fence.", "a public transit bus on a city street"]
["a close up of a street sign on a street corner", "A picture of pushing a button to cross the street", "Sign with an arrow pointing to where the bike lane is.", "A sign for bicyclists to press a button to cross the road. ", "That son is directing the bike riders where to go."]
["A bird that is playing in the snow.", "A grey bird in the middle of a snow-covered ground\n", "A small bird sitting on top of a sandy beach.", "A small bird is standing in the snow.", "A small bird standing on the snowy ground."]
["A long white red and blue bus driving down a street next to trees.", "A bus for Bearcats Basketball Ohio on the road ", "A bus is sitting on the side of the road.", "A white, blue and green passenger bus with an advertisement on the side.", "a public transit bus on a city street"]
["A cake cover is made to look like a wire birdcage. ", "A fancy wedding cake under a protective cover.", "Two-tiered white fondant cake on pedestal with tiers separated by two rows of white and green roses covered with a dark wire wide-mesh birdcage top with a bird perched atop for a handle.", "a cake sits inside of a protector case ", "A large cake with flowers and a metal net hanging over it."]
["a public transit bus driving on a city street", "A red and white bus driving on the left side of a street.", "a red and white bus traveling down a tree lined street.", "An old bus traveling on a road way. ", "A bus is moving along a narrow street next to trees with houses in the background."]
["a large giraffe eating  something off of a branch.", "This giraffe is chewing on branches under a canopy.", "A giraffe eating branches next to a  tent near a  forest.", "a giraffe reaching up to a branch to eat", "A giraffe is standing on all fours and reaching it's neck and head up to eat a  plant that is hanging from above."]
["many cars parked in a lot around several stores", "A parking in front of a very large brown clock tower.", "Cars parked outside a building with a clock.", "A clock tower on a building of a business establishment.", "The cars are lined up in a row in the lot."]
["A white bus on street next to sidewalk and buildings.", "A city bus is stopped on the side of the road.", "A bus departing from a stop on the side of a street.", "A bus parked in front of a bus stop on a street.", "Bus stopped at the bus stop with no passengers"]
["A passenger bus is parked on the side of a road. ", "A bus is sitting on the side of the street.", "A white bus is traveling down the road. ", "A big white bus on the crosstown route.", "A bus sits parked at the curb on an empty street"]
["A white bus passing street next to a fence.", "an image of a bus that is driving down the street", "The bus is traveling  on a wide street with two-way traffic.", "A bus and several cars parked on a street.", "A bus rounds a corner on a city street."]
["A clock is shown on a wood panel.", "A wooden clock on the side of a building.", "a clock with a painting of a bird on a branch on it ", "A square wood clock with a picture of a bird hanging on a wall.", "A wooden clock with a design with a bird on a branch."]
["A wooden box with a bird in a tree painted on it.", "This is a piece of art work featuring a tree and a bird. ", "A white painted wall with a wood clock that has a bird on a tree limb on it.", "A square, wooden clock features a print of a bird.", "The wood carving is a bird on a limb."]
["THERE IS A WALL WITH FLOWERS ON IT AND A BIRD ", "A wooden clock with decorative hands and artwork.", "A wooden box mounted to the side of a house with a picture of a dove on it.", "  a clock with a bird and some branches painted on it", "A wooden picture of birds with  white flowers"]
["A very tall building with a giant clock on it's face.", "A church with a tower has a clock on it. ", "a big building that has a large clock in it", "A very big and pretty tower with some clocks on it.", "A statue of a bird is anchored to the top of a clock tower."]
["A stop sign with an oriental symbol above the English version.", "A stop sign on a pole by a building in Japan or China ", "A stop sign is posted near a sign on the wall.", "A stop sign written in Chinese and In English.", "A sign on a pole and on a building in another language. "]
["The street signs are clearly posted on the street for people to see. ", "Image of a stop sign, street sign and several directional signs.", "A stop sign next to a one way, steet sign and no parking sign.", "A city street corner with multiple street signs.", "A stop sign, one way sign, no parking and street sign."]
["Giraffe walking through a field next to a forest.", "Two giraffes in a field with lots of trees behind them. ", "Two giraffes in an open field with a forest in the background.", "Two giraffes out in an open area of the wild ", "Two giraffes walking next to each other in an open field. "]
["Three giraffes standing at different locations behind a fence. ", "Three giraffes standing in an enclosure overlooking Sydney, Australia.", "some giraffes eatting some grass from some cages", "A group of giraffes that are in the dirt.", "Giraffe in a zoo overlooking the city skyline."]
["A pizza restaurant sign sitting up against a brick wall.", "An old sign for a pizza shop sits on the sidewalk.", "The old pizza sign sits on the ground.", "A sign for a pizza place rests on the ground.", "an image of a pizza sign against a brick wall"]
["A swan is swimming near snow covered rocks.", "A swan swimming next to a snow-covered rocky shore.", "A swan swims next to a snow covered bank.", "A swan in the water next to a snowy bank.", "A swan in water next to a snowy, rocky area."]
["a sunset over the water with birds in the air", "A view of a lake and trees at sunset. ", "The sun sets on a rustic backcountry setting.", "The river is calm and peaceful this time of night. ", "a small creek sits underneath a sun set"]
["A group of birds stand on partially water covered ground.", "Birds standing in shallow water in outdoor water way.", "The flamingos are outside in the water together.", "A bunch of white birds walking a long a water covered beach.", "A group of seagulls are standing in shallow water."]
["Three immature gulls are wading in shallow water.", "These birds are standing in water near a branch.", "Three white birds walking around in the water.", "Birds walking at waters edge in the rain.", "Three birds wade in the water looking for food."]
["A couple of swans swimming in a pond next to two people.", "Two young boys are feeding ducks in a pond.", "Two boys standing next to geese in a pond.", "two young people standing in grass near some goose", "Two boys are looking at two white swans."]
["Two children under a \"Sesame Street\" sign on a light post.", "a couple of little kids play in front of a pole", "two girls standing underneath a Sesame Street sign", "A pair of young girls stand beneath a sign for Sesame Street.", "two girls standing under a sesame street sign "]
["a brown black and white bird and some plants grass and leaves", "A small bird standing on the ground near grass.", "A small brown colored bird, standing on the ground with small plants next to it.", "The bird is standing on a stone in the yard.", "A bird is standing on the ground surrounded by leaves. "]
["A street sign is seen over a river in a city.", "a sigh welcoming the public to the area and a river sign", "Sign indicating river near bridge and traffic in background.", "Two green signs that are on a metal pole.", "A sign for Marion County and the Willamette River."]
["A man that has a happy new  year hat on.", "A man scowls while wearing a Happy New Year headband in a crowded bar.", "A man with a tie on and a head band in celebration of a holiday.", "A man wears a tiara to celebrate the new year", "A man wearing a white foofy hat with the words Happy NewYear on top of it."]
["A beautiful young woman bending over while holding a back cat.", "A woman bending over holding and kissing her cat.", "A girl holds her black cat in her arms and gives it a hug.", "a woman bent over while giving her black cat a kiss", "A woman holding and  kissing a black pet cat"]
["A row of birds are flying against a blue sky.", "A flock of birds are flying in formation.", "A bird flying high up in the sky.", "A flock of birds in sequence flying through the air.", "a bunch of birds flying in a line in the sky"]
["cars parked near a all black corner store", "Cars are seen on the street outside a tall building.", "A traffic light at the corner of a business building with traffic going by.", "a large building stands on the corner of an intersection under a blue sky", "A corner of a street next to a building "]
["Person in profile and sunlight at a barred window.", "there is a man standing by a window alone", "A man with his head near a slotted window.", "A man next to a metal fence, next to a field.", "Man with a shadowed face posed near a fence. "]
["a person holding a camera up to the window", "Someone in a room taking a picture with phone out a barred window.", "A woman in a window either taking a picture or video taping something outside.", "A person who is taking a picture out of a window.", "Someone taking a pair of something with their cell phone."]
["Passenger rail train moving quickly, everything around indesicriminate blur", "a red white and blue commuter train traveling fast", "A passenger train speeding through a train depot.", "a colorful passenger train speeding down a track", "A train driving down the tracks near trees."]
["a train travels o some tracks next to some water ", "A train traveling down the rail road tracks near a road.", "A train travelling next to a rural highway with water on the other side.", "a train on a track near many bushes", "A very long, yellow train coming around a corner. "]
["Stop sign at the intersection of two streets on a fall day. ", "A stop sign that has some street signs on top of it.", "a stop sign that has some signs on top", "Two street signs that are on top of a stop sign.", "Traffic and directional signs are displayed on a city street."]
["A very beautiful woman wearing a black hat, black shirt and tie.", "a girl dressed in black hat gloves and clothes", "A young woman is dressed in gothic clothing. ", "a lady wearing black in a club and black hat", "Blond haired woman wearing a black top hat."]
["An odd couple of formal woman in black dress and pearls with casual boy in a cap and untidy clothes and hair.", "Two women sitting on couch dressed in elegant clothes..", "A people who are cuddling on a couch together.", "Two young women are reclining on a vintage couch.", "A woman sitting next to a man on a couch."]
["a person wearing a gorilla costume and a suit and tie", "an image of a man dressed up like an ape", "a man wearing a suit and monkey head walking down the road ", "A man walks wearing a black gorilla costume.", "a person in a gorilla costume and suit jacket with a number pinned to their suit jacket."]
["An old brick building along side of a river", "a wooden street sign next to a tree and a river", "A flooded road and a sign that says, \"East Street\".", "A black sign that is standing in the grass.", "A street next to a large building is flooded."]
["A train goes down the side of a mountain in the snow. ", "A red metro train winding through a snow covered hillside.", "A train going down the railroad tracks in the middle of snow. ", "Three tracks, one with a train,  follow contours of a hill.", "a red and silver train is coming down a hill and snow"]
["A sign warning no camera and no videos on the side of a road.", "a street sign on a sidewalk next to a construction site.", "A sign is displayed on the side of the road.", "A SIGN WITH DIFFERENT SYMBOLS ON IT ", "A sign states that you can not take pictures or videos there."]
["A tall green street sign sitting on the side of a road.", "A red car and white van riding down the street. ", "There is a street direction guide on the corner of a busy street.", "Looking down a city street with informational signs in the foreground", "A street sign sits on a grass meridian between a street with cars and a sidewalk."]
["Roadway signs on post on sidewalk of large urban city.", "A road sign for a freeway entrance outside of a building.", "A traffic sign sitting below a building next to bikes.", "a number of bikes parked near one another ", "Some bicycles are leaning against a pole with south I5 signs on it."]
["A white and grey train car with graffiti on it.", "A train evangelized with colorful graffiti still on train tracks.", "a train with colorful graffiti painted it ", "A train covered in graffiti sits on train tracks. ", "A train with colorful graffiti on it "]
["A train covered in graffiti sitting on top of  train tracks.", "a train sits parked as it is covered in graffiti ", "A tram has multi-colored graffiti on the side.", "The side of a train with windows with a lot of graffiti. ", "a train that has been painted on "]
["A small toy that looks like a witch next to a keyboard.", "A TOY IS ON THE KEY BOARD DESK SMILING ", "A smiling wooden witch toy in front of a computer.", "A wooden doll stands in front of a computer keyboard.", "A figurine with a plastic witches head is standing in front of a computer keyboard."]
["A downtown urban street scene with skyscrapers and historic buildings.", "A red sign posted on the side of a building ", "A street sign sits in front of a street lined with buildings.", "A street lamp across from rows of buildings", "A number of parking signs on a post on a city street."]
["A passenger train making a stop at a train station.", "a train stopped at a train station with people near by", "An underground train station waiting at the station. ", "An Asian subway station with a subway car stationary. ", "A train sits inside a train station, people stand on the platform."]
["A train is passing another train sitting on a track.", "Commercial train moving quickly passed a commuter rail", "The train passes by another train as it moves through a rail yard.", "a train that is rolling by a large building", "A moving train pulling tanks down the tracks."]
["A steam engine strain is decorated to look like a character from \"Thomas the Train\" books. ", "A green train engine with a face on it.", "Cartooned faced green locomotive tended to by railroad worker.", "a person working on a train on a train track", "A green Thomas the Train locomotive being worked on"]
["Thomas the tank traveling down train tracks next to a  bush.", "Thomas the Tank train with smoke coming from its chimney.", "A cartoon tank engine is traveling down some tracks", "A blue children train sitting at a station.", "A locomotive that looks like Thomas the Train on a track."]
["Street signs for W 53 ST - JERRY ORBACH WAY.", "A street sign with tall buildings behind it.", "Street signs are on a pole near a tall building.", "A pole with street signs and the side of a large building.", "Street signs are on a pole next to buildings."]
["A very long shiny train on a bridge over some cars.", "A train on a trestle over a highway.", "The elevated metro train passes over a parking lot. ", "a train on a overpass and cars traveling below ", "A train driving on an elevated rail in front of a flag."]
["A train with a flag flying near the tracks", "A train passing by the American flag on a clear day", "A passenger train moving along an over pass with a flag flying in the background.", "A passenger train goes by an American flag.", "a train going by a flag on an elevated track"]
["A stop sign and a no access sign in the grass.", "A stop sign at the end of paved road by a chain link fence", "A stop sign at the end of a dead end road", "This is a stop sign at the end of a road in front of a fence. ", "The stop sign is clearly visible for the world to see. "]
["A black fence guarding a building next to a trash can.", "Stop sign sitting on a fence signaling wrong way directions.", "Several stop signs that say you are going the wrong way.", "A garbage bin next to a fence and a traffic gate.", "A fence with many signs and a guard rail."]
["A stop sign that has various stickers on it.", "a stop sign altered to say 'stop hammertime'", "A red stop sign sitting on the top of a road sign.", "A red stop sign with various stickers on it.", "A stop sign on a pole in a city "]
["Pickup truck on a ramp preparing to merge with heavy Interstate highway traffic.", "An on ramp to a multiple lane road and a red pick-up truck proceeding to a stop sign at the merging point.", "A red truck moving towards a busy highway.", "A red pickup truck entering traffic onto a busy highway.", "A red pick up truck driving onto a freeway onramp."]
["The two yellow trains are coming down from the mountain.", "Few people walking along next to trains on the tracks", "Two yellow buses and people standing beside mountains. ", "Cable cars are on tracks as a snowy mountain stands in the distance.", "A group of people walking to an electric train."]
["a yellow tram some mountains snow and trees", "A short train traveling through a mountainous landscape", "A train sits on the tracks in front of a mountain range.", "A yellow passenger train coming down the tracks.", "A train is riding the tracks near a mountain range."]
["A bullet train is going through a tunnel.", "A train pulled into a station with skylights.", "A speeding bullet train docking into a station.", "A silver train traveling into a train station next to a platform.", "A large passenger train passes through a train station."]
["A new home banner sits beside a small curvy road.", "There are not any pedestrians using the crosswalk.", "A stop sign by a major highway intersection.", "Stop sign across from a development selling estate homes.", "A stop sign by a cross roads on the roads."]
["A gray train riding on a track as people are walking. ", "a train that is on a train track thats next to a fence", "Train sitting on track with another track beside. ", "A train with a red stop sign Cal train logo sitting on the side of it.", "Train engine passing an outside station platform, in California."]
["A set of five train tracks in front of a graffiti covered wall.", "A train car that has some graffiti on it.", "some train cars with graffiti painted on them", "Spray painted boxcars are parked in a mostly empty train yard.", "a train car with some graffit all over the side of it "]
["a green and blue parking meter siting on the sidewalk", "A green parking meter sits on the side of the road", "A green parking meter on a city street.", "A parking meter sitting idly on a sidewalk.", "Multi colored parking meter with a parking sign on it."]
["A red and white tug boat drifting in the water.", "A tug boat out on a large body of water.", "A picture of a red chug boat in the water.", "A red boat is out on the water while buildings can be seen across the river.", "A large red tugboat navigating shallow channel waters."]
["Parking meter that is expired, with damp street below", "A metal parking meter sitting on the side of a road.", "a black parking meter on a green pole", "A rainy street scene has a yellow line with a car moving by it, and in the foreground, a parking meter. ", "An old looking coin meter that has expired on a rainy day."]
["A train parked in front of a train station.", "A small train is parked at the station on the track", "A train is stationary at a station waiting for passengers. ", "a purple and yellow train that is near other tracks", "A train resting on the tracks at a train station"]
["A parking meter sitting in the snow next to a parked car.", "A parking meter at a street side with snow around it.", "A car is parked on a street next to a parking meter. ", "a parking meter on the side of a road", "A parking machine that is next to a car."]
["Parking meter with a solar panel on top of it.", "A machine that is on a sidewalk near cars.", "A solar powered parking meter on a street.", "A solar powered parking meter in a downtown location.", "A parking meter with a solar panel on top of it."]
["A parking meter sitting on a sidewalk next to a parked red car.", "A street side ATM which transmits information by satellite.", "A solar power parking meter on a city street", "A solar powered parking kiosk on a brick sidewalk near the street", "A solar-powered parking meter sits on the sidewalk on a sunny day."]
["A parking lot with a line of parking meters.", "A row of parking meters sits next to the parking lot.", "A parking filled with parking meters and palm trees.", "A row of parking meters shown in a deserted parking lot with surrounding palm trees", "The parking meters are lined up down the street."]
["A garbage truck parked next to a food vendor.", "A refuse truck is parked on the street next to a stack of goods.", "Dump truck picking up trash in front of a building. ", "A garbage truck parked next to scores of random items.", "A green garbage collection truck parked behind a pile of various items including a blue mailbox."]
["A white semi truck traveling down a road.", "A huge white semi truck in the road next to a pole.", "The truck is parked on the side of the road. ", "A white semi-trailer truck parked across the street from construction", "A white semi truck is on the street."]
["A truck traveling down a road filled with people in the back.", "A group of men ride on top of a truck.", "Group of people riding in back of a truck", "a truck is full of people in the whole truck. ", "A truck driving down a street with men sitting on the roof."]
["Many book bags are on the bed with folded cords, and clothes. ", "a bunch of stuff is laying out on a bed", "a bed with some clothes on it ", "Several shoes and clothes sitting on a bed near luggage.", "Clothing and items sitting on top of the bed. "]
["A woman looking straight ahead while she wears a hat on her head. ", "a lady that has  a grey hat on her head", "A woman in a black shirt is posing with a hat on her head.", "a women posing in a fashionable hat and shirt ", "A young adult female in hat and black v neck is looking into the camera."]
["a women that is posing for the camera", "Black and white photograph of a girl wearing a hat", "A young girls with long hair and a hat makes a gesture with her hands.", "A woman making gestures with hands in black and white", "a close up of a person posing for a photo"]
["A man riding a brown horse next to a cow.", "A man that is riding a horse in the grass.", "A person on a horse in the grass and a cow on the road.", "a male is riding a horse and some cows a street and trees", "A man on a horse wrangling some cattle from a road."]
["a truck painted like a a shark sits in a driveway with a horse statue in the yard", "A pick up truck is parked outside a home", "A pickup truck parked in front of a house with a horse statue.", "A white pickup truck with a design on the front and the front grill cutomized with teeth in it, parked in front of a garage with a shark attached to the front and a horse statue on the side of the yard.", "There are several large sculptures, including \"Bob's Big Boy,\" at this home. "]
["A group of people standing outside of a food truck", "some people are standing in front of a red food truck", "There are some people standing around a food truck", "A food truck parked outside at lunch time.", "A red food truck has a crowd of people by it."]
["a cat laying in a cat bed near an open umbrella", "A cat is under a large umbrella in a pet bed.", "A cat relaxes in its bed under the shade of an umbrella.", "a gray and white cat resting by a door with an umbrella", "A cat is sleeping in a cat bed under an umbrella."]
["A dirty truck parked on the side of the road.", "there is a truck that has something mounted on the top", "A black four wheel drive pick up with a bicycle mounted to the top.", "A muddy truck with a topper and a rack holds a mountain bike.", "A large, black truck driving on a muddy road with a bicycle rack on top."]
["A tabby cat wearing a tie is laying on a couch.", "A striped cat laying on a couch wearing a green tie. ", "a brown black and white cat sitting on a couch", "a cat with a tie sitting on a couch", "A cat in a tie sits on the couch. "]
["A big steer is just about to walk onto the road near the folks on the bike. ", "A brown and black cow stepping off ledge onto a street.", "a brown white and black animal and two people on a motorcycle", "A large cow walking onto a city street.", "A bull walks through the middle of the street."]
["A cat laying in a box full of bubble wrap.", "A cat sleeping inside of a box on top of packing materials.", "A cat curled up in a card-board box with bubble wrap.", "A striped, mixed tabby cat is curled up sleeping on bubble wrap inside of a packing box.", "an image of a cat lying in side a box"]
["a cat laying in a box next to an open suitcase", "Cat lying on desk near a chair top. ", "a cat lying on the chair with its eyes wide open", "Adult cat laying in a box on a table", "a cat that is laying down in a box"]
["A tagged cow and a calf lying in a field.", "A black cow and a brown calf laying together on some grass", "A cow with a tag on its ear lying down next to a baby cow.", "A large black cow laying next to a  small brown cow.", "A cow and calf sitting on the ground."]
["A red fire truck driving into a parking lot.", "People are standing near a fence as a fire pickup truck arrives.", "A parking lot with several cars and a truck.", "A parking lot area with various cars and a fire department pick-up truck near two people standing in the lot.", "two people standing at a gate with a group of cars"]
["A brown and white cat sitting in a chair.", "a close up ofa cat sitting on a couch", "A tan and white cat sits upright on a tan office chair.", "A large overweight kitty cat seated in a chair like a human.", "A cat that is sitting in a chair."]
["A field of cows being looked at over bushes.", "A group of cows grazing in a grassy field.", "Dairy cows grazing in a pasture behind a fence.", "A herd of cattle grazing on a grass covered field.", "A herd of cattle grazing on grass in an open field."]
["A black cat laying under a green chair.", "A cat sitting under a chair on tiled floor", "A black cat laying underneath a green chair.", "A black cat with its head resting on the legs of a tipped over chair.", "A black cat under a green chair leg cross beam."]
["a white cat sleeping in a wicker chair covered with a blanket", "A white cat sleeps in a blanketed basket.", "White cat curled up asleep in a blanketed chair", "A white long-haired adult cat sleeping in a wicker chair.", "A cat sleeping in a wicker seat with a green blanket"]
["A black cat rest comfortably on a wooden chair next to a green plant.", "A black cat laying on a chair next to a potted plant.", "A cat sitting in a chair next to a potted plant.", "A cat is sitting on a chair next to a fake plant", "A cat sitting on a chair next to a plant and window."]
["Brown and black cows in a grassy field by trees.", "two cows standing together in the long grass ", "Brown and black cow standing next to each other in tall grass. ", "A black and a brown cow standing in the ground. ", "Cattle are standing in the pasture among the grass."]
["A bus with passengers who are getting out of bus with their luggage at their destination.", "Pedestrians walking by and waiting at a food truck parked on the side of a street.", "The people stop for food at the lunch truck.", "People standing and walking by a food truck parked on the street.", "A group of people on a street next to a food truck."]
["A large brown cow laying on the ground in a penn.", "A cow laying on a sawdust area behind a fence", "A cow lies down in a pen and looks at the camera.", "A cow in a pen lying on the ground.", "A brown cow lies on hay in a barn."]
["Cattle grazing on a green grass covered field.", "A large number of cows grazing on farmland", "A herd of cows grazing in a grass field.", "A herd of cows grazing in a green field.", "multiple cows grazing in a large green pasture."]
["A cat napping inside of a large planter.", "A large cat sitting on top of a plant potter.", "A cat is laying in a pot next to some boots. ", "A cat laying in a pot by some boots.", "A cat lying in a planter sleeping outside."]
["A couple of black cats laying on top of a bed.", "Two black cats cuddle together on a blanket.", "Two black cats sleeping together on a bed.", "Two black cats cuddled together on a bed.", "A couple of cats relaxing with each other on the bed."]
["A cat is out stretched on a large bed.", "A cat laying on a bed and pawing at the air. ", "A cat rolling around on the sheets of an unmade bed.", "a cat lays down on a bed ", "A striped cat laying upside down on a down comforter,"]
["A group of people riding bikes down a street.", "a couple of people are riding bicycles down the road", "Bikers ride down a street in a large city.", "A small group of cyclists travelling up a city street.", "Several bicycle riders are biking down a city street."]
["Two black cats sit on a windowsill looking into the backyard garden.", "Two cats are seated on a windowsill and look into a back yard.", "Two black cats sit in the window sill looking out the window. ", "two cats sitting on a window sill looking out", "A couple of black cats sitting in a window sill looking out a window."]
["A cat standing in front of a TV showing a dog in a  cage.", "A cat looks at a dog on television", "A cat looks at a dog that is on tv.", "A cat is looking at a television displaying a dog in a cage.", "A cat stares at a dog on TV. "]
["a couple of cows are standing in a field", "Cattle standing in large open area near hill on cloudy day.", "A couple of cows standing on top of a lush green field.", "a couple of cows that are on some grass", "Cows in a pasture with a mountain in the distance."]
["a red and white boat with a flag and water and trees", "A boat with a dog on the deck and a country flag in the back.", "A very nice boat on the water with a dog on it.", "A dog stands on a boat in the water.", "A large boat with a flag floats across the water."]
["The boat includes several rows of orange chaird.", "People are sitting on a ferry bench holding umbrellas.", "A ferry with three passengers sitting under an umbrella on a bench on a deck.", "A ferry with some people sitting on it with umbrellas.", "Three people with umbrellas sitting on a boat."]
["The two men are outside with coats and umbrellas. ", "Two men are standing with umbrellas within a group of white chairs.", "two men standing outside under a bridge in the cold", "one man looking frightened, leaning on an umbrella while the other man is smiling", "Two men in black coats stand next to white chairs."]
["A herd of cattle grazing on a lush green field.", "Several cows are seen grazing in a huge field.", "Cows grazing in a field on a sunny day ", "Beautiful green pasture with cows grazing and blue skies.", "A herd of cattle are eating in a field."]
["A man walking down a street holding a red and gray bag.", "Man standing in the middle of a cross walk in a suit with a lunch box.", "A man in the street all dressed up with a bowtie", "A MAN WITH A CAP AND BOW TIE IS WALKNG THE STREET", "A young man wearing a bow tie, dress shirt, belt, and pleated pants."]
["A cat lying between a computer keyboard and monitor. ", "A cat falling asleep between a computer and its keyboard.", "A black cat with yellow eyes near a keyboard.", "The cat is laying next to the computer keyboard.", "A sad looking cat lays next to a keyboard."]
["a close up of a person with a tie in his mouth", "A bearded man wearing a suit has his tie in his mouth.", " a man  in a suit holding a piece of material in his mouth.", "an image of a man eating a tie", "A man pulling a tie out of his mouth."]
["Several boats in the water near an amusement park. ", "There are a lot of boats on the lake shore.", "Four boats are in the water outside of the carnival. ", "Boats float in the water across from an amusement park.", "there are many boats in the water by this carnival"]
["A young man with long red hair drinking from a glass.", "A man sitting a table with a glass held up to his mouth.", "An old photo shows a man having a drink.", "A man sitting at a table drinking from a glass.", "An old picture of several guys at a table and one is drinking."]
["A man sitting in front of a microphone at a table.", "A man in a suit sitting in front of a microphone.", "A man wearing a suit and tie sitting at a table speaking into a microphone.", "A man is sitting at a conference in front of a microphone.", "The man is speaking at a meeting in a conference room."]
["Anolder man sitting with his head tilted back while wearing a suit and tie.", "A man in a suit has a green striped tie.", "A person wearing a suit takes a picture", "Man wearing a suit and tie standing in a darkly lit room. ", "A well dressed man leaning against a wall."]
["A man standing under a light while making a high face.", "A man in a suit and tie looking up at a light.", "Person wearing a suit and tie in a dark room looking up at light.", "This man could be dead or maybe just faking it.", "A man in a suit who is looking up."]
["an image of a water barges that are docked", "Colorful boats docked near a bridge over a waterway.", "Two yellow boats are docked near a bridge in a water way in a city.", "A couple of small boats in the water.", "Boats on a river in a city near a bridge."]
["a couple of elephants fighting in a grass area ", "Two elephants touching trunks in a grassy field.", "A pair of young male elephants tussle in the open grassland.", "Two young elephants bumping trunks on a grassland.", "Two elephants playing on a grassy plain in the sunlight."]
["Many small boats in the water in a harbor.", "A harbor full of boats with a building in the background.", "A river filled with lots of different colored boats.", "A large number of boats all together at a harbor", "many small boats in a body of water near a building"]
["a close up of two elephants rear end", "Two elephants are standing around with their butts showing.", "Two gray elephants are showing off their behinds.", "Two elephants stand tail first to the camera.", "This is a picture of two elephants rear ends. "]
["A pair of elephants are standing in their zoo enclosure.", "A large and small elephant in an enclosed area with water, tree logs and rock formations.", "a adult elephant and a baby elephant standing near a water hole", "A younger and older elephant standing next to a watering hole. ", "This is a picture of a zoo outdoor. \n"]
["A couple are walking with an umbrella through the street.", "A couple holding hands walking down a city street", " A couple walks down a building lined street in the city.", "People walking along a scenic street with stone buildings.", "A group of people walk down a city street."]
["A herd of elephants walking across a river filled with muddy water.", "many elephants crossing a river with many waters", "THERE ARE A LOT OF ELEPHANTS CROSSING THE LAKE ", "The family of elephants are walking in a straight line together.", "A small herd of elephants crossing a river."]
["People watching elephants enter  the water by a river.", "A herd of elephants go in the water with people watching.", "a number of elephants walking into a body of water ", "There are many elephants walking into the water.", "A large herd of elephants being led into water. "]
["A herd of elephants in the wild near a river.", "Several elephants walking on dirt and grass near body of water.", "A herd of elephants standing next to a river.", "Elephants in the water and on the banks under palm trees.", "Elephants are standing in and near a water source."]
["A picture of a dog on a bed.", "A gray dog wearing an orange bow tie laying on a sofa.", "A dog with a bow is shown sitting on a cushion.", "A dog sitting on a bed wearing an orange bow tie.", "The puppy has an orange tie on his neck."]
["A snowy day in a colorful forest where leaves have already changed colors. ", "a small boat near a wide river with a dense forest on the other side", "View from window across water with fall foliaged trees on other bank.", "View from behind a tree of a lake and fall colored tress on the other side.", "a boat some water and some red and green trees"]
[" A man sitting under an umbrella next to a body of water.", "a person sitting on a chair over a body of water", "A man sitting under a sun umbrella by an industrial port", "The man is sitting on a chair under the umbrella by the water. ", "A man sitting in a chair under an umbrella by a harbor."]
["A lady in a black and orange Halloween costume.", "No image on this page to describe. so don't knot what to describe.", "a lady that is dressed up as a witch", "A woman in a Halloween costume takes a stroll.", "Halloween costume on woman with orange hair wearing orange"]
["An airport with lots of people walking to and fro.", "umbrella hanging fron the ceiling of a terminal ", "There are many decorative umbrellas on the ceiling. ", "A room with Chinese hangings hanging from the ceiling. ", "several  customers shopping at their local shopping mall"]
["A young girl wearing a red tie is adjusting her glasses. ", "A person with glasses and a tie in a room.", "a woman wearing glasses a shirt and tie", "The man wearing a red tie is standing near an animal's plastic house.", "The man in the red tie is putting on his glasses."]
["A man in a white pants and a white shirt and colorful tie.", "Man in light tone clothes with colorful tie.", "There is a man with glasses wearing a colorful tie", "A short man in a short sleeve dress shirt.", "A man dressed in white is smiling for a picture"]
["A woman walking down a street at night holding a red sheep umbrella.", "A close up of an umbrellas with cars and people in the background.", "some buildings and people at night and a red and black umbrella", "A person using a red umbrella at night.", "A bright red umbrella protects a walker from the rain at night."]
["Man in shorts running with a necktie on top", "A man running in shorts, tennis shoes and a neck tie.", "The man is running in shorts and a tie.", "A man jogging shirtless with a tie around his neck. ", "A man jogging with no shirt and a tie. "]
["A large gray elephant with huge white tusk.", "a statue of an elephant behind a fence ", "A statue of an elephant in a park next to a street.", "A life-sized statue of an elephant stand in a park.", "An elephant statue in front of an iron fence."]
["A person that is in the air over the water.", "a couple of big of buildings next to each other", "Jet water pack in a marina with highrises in view.", "a man jet skiis across the water in a city", "A man flying over the water, with a jet pack."]
["a male is riding an elephant next to some water", "A small gray elephant standing on a beach next to a lake.", "a man in a hat rides an elephant in a river", "A man sitting on a large elephant that is standing in water.", "A man rides an elephant that has a chain wrapped around his foot in a water way."]
["Two men and a baby at a Christmas party.", "Two men who are standing together with a baby.", "this is two men holding a baby in their arms", "Two men and a baby are posing in a room.", "two guys making silly faces for a picture"]
["Cat lying in bathroom sink with assorted grooming supplies on edge.", "The calico cat curls up inside the white sink.", "A cat relaxed and asleep in a bathroom sink.", "a cat lounges in a sink with his paws hanging over the edge of the sink", "A cat lies in a pedistil style bathroom sink"]
["A MAN IN A SHIRT AND TIE SMILING FOR THE CAMERA", "A man wearing a tie with a cartoon character.", "A man smiles while wearing a joke tie.", "A man in a white button up shirt with the image of a woman and polka dots on the tie.", "Person is wearing white shirt and tie. He is smiling"]
["A man with a bear wearing glasses in a business suit.", "A man with a beard in glasses grinning at the camera", "A bearded wearing a suit and glasses sneers.", "Man with black glasses and a black suit with patterned tie.", "The bearded man in glasses is barely smiling."]
["A man holding a baby in a white baptism outfit.", "A man that is holding a baby on his chest.", "A man in a black suit holding a young child dressed in white.", "A man in a suit making faces and holding a baby.", "A man with glasses holding a baby in a white outfit."]
["A man is standing in the shade of the tree near a large field.", "A man standing under a tree in front of a grassy field.", "The man wears dark clothes with a green tie.", "A man is standing in a large field under a tree.", "a man that is standing under a tree"]
["A serious looking man and woman posing for a picture.", "A woman and man posing together in black attire.", "A man and woman dressed in black are standing by a wall.", "two people dressed in black stand near one another ", "A man and woman standing together against a wall."]
["A little girl is in store with an umbrella.", "a little Asian girl holding mickey mouse umbrella.", "A little girl holding an umbrella in the middle of a store.", "A young girl standing in a store selling handbags, holding an open umbrella.", "A young girl who is holding an umbrella."]
["Two boats that are sitting in the water.", "Those boats are waiting by the pier in the water.", "A large city is on the water with boats.", "City skyline as seen beyond waterway docking area.", "A large body of water filled with boats next to a tall building."]
["A black and white photo of a man wearing several ties.", "A man wearing a tie already is draped with another tie.", "A man sitting with two ties on. ", "A man with a beard has a tie around his neck.", "A man with a tie sitting by some paper towels."]
["A group of people walking down a sidewalk next to a wagon of little children.", "A group of people walking down the road.", "People are walking with two children in a red wagon.", "ADULTS WITH CHILDREN AN A WAGON OUT FOR A WALK", "A family on an outing, pulling kids in a wagon."]
["A couple of young beautiful women holding umbrellas.", "Two Asian females pose with decorative traditional umbrellas on the street.", "An Asian woman poses with a red umbrella.", "Two woman with umbrellas standing on the street.", "Some very attractive woman with umbrellas in front of a crowd of people."]
["An individual is in the open view in the picture. \n", "Two oriental women walk with their decorative red umbrellas.", "Asian women parade through the street holding fancy umbrellas", "Models wear dresses and hold umbrellas as they walk.", "a lady in red and a lady in blue both carrying umbrellas "]
["A cat laying on the arm of a chair in a living room.", "A cat is resting on the arm of a chair.", "Pet cat lazing on the arm of a sofa in a living room", "A cat sitting at the edge of a couch looking ahead.", "A cat laying down on the arm of a couch."]
["a big mama elephant with her baby in a natural setting", "Mother and child elephants in a zoo enclosure.", "There are two elephants standing besides each other", "Two grey elephants walking side by side in the sand. ", "A baby elephant standing next to a parent elephant."]
["A beach filled with law chairs and a blue umbrella.", "a blue canopy over a chair at the beach", "A blue umbrella on the beach over a folding chair", "A beach with blue chairs and umbrellas on it", "a blue umbrella is standing up at the beach"]
["Four adults riding on a boat that is homemade.", "A group of people out on a strange looking raft.", "A group of people who are on a boat made of barrels and other odd parts.", "The people in the homemade boat have a bicycle and a big green umbrella.", "A group of people on a small boat with umbrella."]
["Heavy rain falls on a man holding a black umbrella.", "People walking in the rain with open umbrellas in heavy rain.", "A man is walking holding an umbrella in the snow", "A person is holding an umbrella in a snowstorm.", "a man walking with an umbrella on a very rainy day"]
["Two people sitting on a small sail boat on the ocean.", "A couple in a sail boat in the middle of the water.", "Two people boating on an empty body of water,", "Two people sitting beside each other in a row boat with small mast and sail, and two oars sticking out, in fairly calm water.", "Two people rowing in a boat on the water."]
["A group of elephants standing together in a field of grass.", "A group of elephants gathered around a bush in the forest.", "A herd of elephants grazing in a wild area.", "Pack of elephants in tall green grass as one has its trunk raised.", "One large elephant holds up his trunk near a herd of elephants that includes several, small baby elephants."]
["The top of an old fabric parasol next to fern", "Torn and battered umbrella laying out on the ground.", "Closeup of the tip of a pink and white umbrella.", "A large white and pink object is in the picture.", "A lamp shade turned inside out to look like a plant."]
["A MOMMA AND BABY ELEPHANT ARE BY THE WATERING HOLE", "A big and a small elephant in its habitat at a zoo ", "A large and small elephant are walking on the dirt.", "a small elephant and a large elephant on a dirt surface", "A mother and baby elephant walking next to a pool of water."]
["A person pulls a suitcase across an urban intersection. ", "A WOMAN ON A WINTER DAY IS WALKING WITH HER SUITCASE", "Adult pulling purple suitcase crossing street on city sidewalk.", "A woman crossing the street with a backpack and headphones on while rolling a suitcase. ", "A woman with a pink suitcase walks down a city sidewalk."]
["A woman walking across a street holding a pink umbrella.", "A woman with a pink umbrella is walking across the street as traffic passes in the city behind her. ", "A street scene with a woman holding a pink umbrella.", "A woman is using an umbrella on a wet and busy street.", "A group of people are holding umbrellas in the city as it rains."]
["A couple of people carrying bags of luggage.", "Neither one of these people had a good flight.", "A man and woman are standing on the curb holding suitcases.", "The couple has gathered their luggage for the trip.", "the man and woman are waiting with their travel bags"]
["A scooter parked with a purple umbrella over the seat.", "A electric scooter is parked outside, with an umbrella over it. ", "A moped parked along the street with a purple umbrella.", "A purple umbrella sitting on top of a motor scooter.", "Motor scooter with built in umbrella and fur-lined gloves"]
["A piece of red luggage sitting next to a bench.", "Luggage, a back back, a bench and a piano. ", "a group of luggage sitting on the ground next to some tables", "A pile of luggage sitting on the floor beside each other.", "this is luggage scattered about on a floor"]
["Two briefcases are used as decoration above these clothes", "Two suitcases have been mounted on the wall as decor", "A couple of bags of luggage sitting up against a wall.", "Above a rack of clothing, two suitcases are attached to a wall with shelf brackets.", "two pieces of luggage are sitting on the shelf"]
["a person standing with a broken umbrella ", "a woman is standing outside holding an umbrella", "a woman is outside and holding an umbrella", "A woman standing by a street with a broken umbrella.", "a woman holding a broken umbrella in the rain"]
["A woman holding up an umbrella near a stage.", "THERE IS A WOMAN THAT IS RECORDIGN A CONCERT WITH HER CELL PHONE ", "A lady holding up an umbrella in a dark place.", "A woman recording something in the rain under an umbrella. ", "A woman hold an umbrella in one hand and taking a photograph with the other hand."]
["A person with an umbrella walking down a rainy road.", "A woman in a red coat can be seen in the background talking on a phone.", "People are standing next to a grated area in the rain.", "The people are walking near an area with a green fence. ", "A person with a blue, red, and green plaid umbrella"]
["Is this picture of a girl and her suitcase hand tinted?", "A cat holding a book and placing flowers on a suitcase", "A little girl standing behind a suitcase holding a book.", "A person with a hat and a suitcase.", "A young girl in a dress standing next to a piece of luggage and flowers. "]
["A wrestler walking with his arm around a mans neck holding a purple umbrella.", "A close up of several people with one holding an umbrella. ", "A man wraps his arms around two of his friends", "some people and one has a wrestling suit on ", "Man hug as they are dressed in colorful costumes."]
["A bunch of very pretty umbrellas very close together.", "A group of colorful striped umbrellas opened up for display.", "A number of open umbrellas blocking the sun. ", "a group of colorful umbreallas blocking the sun", "Striped red and white as well as yellow and white umbrellas opened."]
["Costumed friends walking down the street arm in arm in a parade", "A group of people congregate ins some sort of rally. ", "People in a crowd touch each other for support.", "Several people standing in a row with their arms around each other.", "A group of people show open affection in public."]
["A brown and white dog on a skateboard next to group of people.", "People watch from the sidelines as a bulldog rides on a skateboard", "A dog runs alongside a skateboard with one paw on.", "a close up of a dog riding a skate board", "a dog is pushing a skateboard while kids walk."]
["there is a polar bear playing with a water bottle in the water", "A bear that is in the water, with a jug.", "A polar bear watches a large jug floating by.", "Bear in water playing with a large bottle.", "Bear in water staring at plastic bottle with sunlight shining on bear and bottle"]
["some peoples luggage has been abandoned at the air port", "Various sizes and colors of tagged and bundled luggage.", "A collection of various types and colors of luggage.", "Bags of luggage sitting on the ground at an airport.", "A bunch of unattended luggage sitting on the ground."]
["A person standing on top of a green grass hillside.", "A person standing in a big grassy field with a racket.", "A person holding a racket out in a field ", "a person with a tennis racket in a field of grass", "a woman playing with her dog in the field"]
["a person standing next to many luggage bags", "A man standing with a lot of luggage.", "A man stands with several pieces of luggage.", "A man leaning against his luggage at a terminal.", "A man standing with suitcases of different colors."]
["A brown dog laying next to a bottle of wine", "A small dog lying on the ground next to a wine bottle.", "a small brown dog and a bottle of wine", "A orange dog laying next to a wine bottle. ", "A dog lays on a sidewalk next to a bottle of wine. "]
["Lots of luggage sitting on the ground at an airport ", "Luggage with airport luggage tags on the handles.", "A bunch of luggage is sitting and waiting.", "Several suitcase on the floor with tags on them.", "A row of suitcases is lined up in an airport."]
["Luggage on a carousel at a crowded airport.", "Luggage coming down a carousel at an airport. ", "Suitcases revolving around on an airport baggage belt.", "A bagage track takes bags at the airports", "Luggage at an airport on a turn table waiting for pickup."]
["a number of luggage bags on a cart in a lobby", "Wheeled cart with luggage at lobby of commercial business.", "Trolley used for transporting personal luggage to guests rooms.", "A luggage cart topped with lots of luggage.", "a cart filled with suitcases and bags "]
["A Pokemon and Mickey Mouse standing next to a light pole.", "The people are wearing costumes and selling items on the street.", "We see two men in character costumes on the sidewalk.", "Two people stand on the sidewalk dressed as cartoon characters.", "A pair of people dressed up as Mickey and Pooh with balloons for animals"]
["A display of flowering bushes in pots on a backyard patio.", "A lot of flowers that are by a walk way.", "Pots of flowers are shown in a backyard next to patio furniture.", "A very large section of small trees near a black dog. ", "A dog standing next to several plants on a patio."]
["A dog carrying a Frisbee at a dog competition.", "A dog participating in a dog show or competition.", "A dog carries a frisbee in its mouth.", "A white dog catching a novelty flying disc in a competition.", "Gated dog park area where some dogs have frisbees"]
["A dog running in a field with people around.", "A dog running in the park with a Frisbee in his mouth.", "A black and white dog participating in a competition.", "A dog running on a course in a park with a frisbee in his mouth.", "A dog runs with a frisbee in its mouth."]
["A baseball player taking a swing at a ball", "A baseball player holding a baseball bat while playing a game of baseball.", "The catcher extends his glove as a batter awaits a pitch.", "A baseball player swinging his bat, while the catcher and one spectator look on.", "A person is batting at a baseball game as the catcher and a man observes"]
["A man standing up while holding a red plastic cup and a large frisbee type disc in his hand, preparing to throw it.", "The picnic table is located in the isolated field.", "A man is getting ready to throw a frisbee at a picnic area. ", "A man throwing a frisbee in a field. ", "The man holding a beverage is about to throw a Frisbee."]
["A couple of young men are playing frisbee.", "Two men stand under a tree and look at a frisbee that is near two sticks in the ground. ", "Two guys standing in front of a tree and next to two poles prepare to catch a frisbee. ", "Two guys are excited to be catching a Frisbee in this tournament.", "Two young men standing on a lush green park."]
["A couple stands smiling next to a sitting older couple.", "A man standing next to a woman holding a frisbee.", "Couple takes a picture in front of windows holding a frisbee", "A couple of people standing in a building.", "Young couple displaying red disc near older couple at dock area."]
["A man in glasses sitting next to a woman and holding up a red frisbee that says \"Cheese Shop\" on it.", "A woman and man hold a frisbee together.", "A couple posing for a picture holding a red frisbee.", "A couple sit together while holding a round, red sign from a cheese shop.", "A man and a woman pose holding a frisbee."]
["They are holding a frisbee together while hugging each other.", "A couple standing by a table holding a Frisbee.", "A couple of people standing together with a Frisbee.", "A man and a woman holding a frisbee on a deck.", "A man and a woman posing with a frisbee."]
["A shot shows pale blue wall over a well-stuffed blue couch that dwarfs the already small, fluffy dog resting face-forward on one of its cushions. ", "A small adorable dog sitting on a sofa cushion.", "a white dog is sitting on a couch", "A small dog sits on a blue sofa", "a small fluffy dog sitting on a blue couch"]
["Many people are playing a game and having fun. ", "A group of people playing a game of frisbee.", "kids playing Frisbee in a park on a bright day", "Teens out in the park playing a game of frisbee", "a group of people playing frisbee in a field"]
["Friends playing Frisbee on a dry grass field in the afternoon", "A man catching a Frisbee in a park, with another man.", "Couple plays with a Frisbee in the park", "Two young men playing frisbee on a playground.", "A couple of men in the dirt playing frisbee."]
["The man standing beside a tree has thrown a Frisbee.", "the Frisbee was headed straight to the man with the blue shoes.", "a man by a tree waiting for a frisbee to come ", "a man standing in the grass catching a frisby", "Man standing in yard of home playing with flying disc."]
["A group of young men catching a frisbee.", "Four boys playing with a Frisbee in a park.", "Men playing with a frisbee in a dry field ", "A group of four young men playing with a frisbee.", "Four men are playing a game in a park."]
["Two people in a park who are playing frisbee.", "Two people playing frisbee near a picnic table.", "two young men play with a Frisbee, throwing it at each other in a picnic area", "two people playing frisbee some dirt grass and tables", "A couple of people in the grass with a frisbee."]
["A bear that is standing in a tree.", "a small black bear up in a big tree", "A BLACK BEAR IS SITTING AMONG THE TREES", "a cant that is sitting on a big branch", "this is a bear climbing on a tree"]
["people standing on the beach while one grabs for a frisbee", "A group of guys playing a game of Frisbee on a sandy beach.", "Several men stand on a beach looking over the ocean.", "Several people at the beach playing with a frisbee.", "three men on a beach playing a game of frisbee"]
["A brown bear next to a fence with words reading \"bear and wolf museum.\"", "A bear walking in front of a fence.", "The brown bear is alone caged outside for people to visit. ", "A picture of a brown bear at the Bear and Wolf Museum", "a close up of a bear behind a fence"]
["A brown bear licking the ear of another brown bear.", "Two bears resting in the grass and looking around.", "Two brown bears laying down near a log.", "Two small brown bears with one licking the other.", "A small brown bear licks it's paw near logs."]
["three bears outside in the woods in the bushes ", "Three bears walking together in a wooded area.", "Two baby brow bears are close behind a larger bear in a wooded forest.", "A bear and two cubs are walking through a field.", "An adult bear and two bear cubs wander through a field."]
["Car mirror with dog's head reflected on sunny day.", "a dog that is looking into a window", "A small white dog's reflection on a car's side view mirror.", "A dog sticking his head outside of a window.", "There's a dog's head in a rear view mirror with sky and trees in the background."]
["Zebras eating hay at a fenced wildlife habitat. ", "Two zebras walking in between rocks at a zoo.", "Pair of zebras walking past rocks in zoo enclosure.", "Two zebras walking among heavy boulders and grass.", "Two zebras that are standing in the grass."]
["Zebras crane their necks as they stand in a group in the desert.", "Three zebras, two are fleming in a grassy pasture.", "Three zebras are walking through the tall grass.", "A group of zebra standing on top of a grass covered field.", "three zebras in a brown and green field "]
["A man is trying to catch a red Frisbee.", "A man in blue sweater with a red frisbee in street.", "A man is trying to catch a Frisbee", "There is a man playing with a frisbee.", "A person is outside with a frisbee on his arm."]
["A boy touches a frog on an orange Frisbee.", "A young boy touching a small frog that is sitting on an orange frisbee.", "A boy petting a frog on a frisbee", "A boy touches a frog that is sitting on a frisbee. ", "A boy looks at a small frog that has been placed on an orange Frisbee."]
["A little boy is all grins as he is shown a toad sitting on a Frisbee.", "A boy is shown a frog being held by a Frisbee", "A boy closely examines a frog in his yard.", "A young boy enjoys looking at a small frog on a Frisbee.", "A little boy looking at an orange frisbee with a frog on it."]
["Dog running in a park with a frisbee in his mouth.", "A dog that is catching a frisbee in the grass.", "Black dog holds frisbee in his mouth as he's running. ", "A dog in a park is playing frisbee", "A black dog has just captured a Frisbee using its mouth."]
["A black and white dog laying on top of a field of grass.", "A dog eating a Frisbee on the ground.", "A dog laying on the grass with a toy in its mouth.", "Black and white dog with flying disc lying on grass.", "A dog laying on grass with a frisbee in his mouth."]
["A couple of wild animals and a zebra standing on grass.", "Zebra and gazelle standing in the grass field.", "a couple of antelopes stare at a zebra ", "There is a zebra and some antelopes in a field", "A zebra and other animals stand on a grassy area."]
["a bunch of people on a beach with a freez be", "A man flying through he air while holding a frisbee.", "A man is performing tricks with a frisbee while others watch.", "there is a man that has jumped in the air with a frisbee", "a person on a beach playing with a frisbee "]
["A man is jumping in the air catching a Frisbee.", "A man in white shirt and black shorts playing frisbee in a grassy area.", "A person catches a frisbee while leaping up from a lawn.", "A person leaps in the air to catch a Frisbee in the park.", "A person in the air catching a frisbee over lawn of green grass lined with trees."]
["a couple of zebras are standing in a green field", "Five zebras standing around grazing in a field.", "some zebras rocks dirt and some green grass ", "A herd of zebras in a grassy field grazing. ", "A picture of a group of zebras in a grassy field. "]
["a couple of men that are walking around on some grass", "Two young men in a green park playing with a Frisbee.", "Two men are playing with a toy in a wooded area.", "A couple of men standing on top of a lush green forest.", "Two men standing in a grassy field with a frisbee."]
["A young man tossing a frisbee in a  forest.", "A man is playing with a frisbee in the park. ", "Man in grey shirt throwing a red frisbee at the park.", "A man is playing frisbee amidst the trees.", "The young man in shorts tosses the frisbee to his partner."]
["A man throwing a Frisbee in a parkland", "The man throws the red frisbee in the open field.", "A woman standing in the background with a frisbee coming toward her.", "A young person throwing a frisbee while standing on a park.", "A person is at the park with a red frisbee."]
["A large number of zebras running in the wild.", "A herd of zebra running across a field", "A herd of zebra moving in a line across a savannah.", "Herd of zebras in a long line in tall brown grass.", "A herd of zebra walking across a dry grass covered field."]
["A zebra standing on a lush green field next to a brick wall.", "Lone zebra pacing in a small zoo enclosure.", "A zebra carefully walking around in a zoo pen.", "A zebra standing in an enclosed grassy area.", "a close up of a zebra walking on a field "]
["A zebra standing in the middle of a forest.", "The zebra is standing near the leaves outside.", "A young zebra standing in a shady spot by a fence.", "a zebra standing next to a big tree", "A zebra standing in front of a fence on a sunny day. "]
["Two zebras standing around, one is eating grass", "Two zebras are eating grass and standing outside.", "A zebra eating in the middle of an enclosure.", "Two zebras are in a pen eating grass.", "Zebra in a cage at a zoo next to lots of trees."]
["Three zebras grazing in a grassy field next to shadow.", "Three zebras at the zoo eating hay off the ground.", "Two adults and one young zebra eating grass side by side.", "Two large and one small zebra eat some grass.", "a little zebra eating grass next to two bigger zebras"]
["The room was clean with the bed neatly made. ", "A neatly made bed with a red sheet. ", "This hotel room has a king size bed. ", "There is a large bed made with white sheets and a table on each side.", "A Large bed with a red blanket with vine print on it in a white room."]
["The woman is riding her horse on the beach by the water. ", "A person riding a horse in a big open sandy area.", "an image of a person on a horse walking on the beach", "A person riding a white horse on what looks like a sandy beach while a couple of other people are walking on foot.", "A person riding a horse on the beach, silhouetted against a light sky."]
["A woman is carrying a large flag while riding a horse.", "Person rides on a horse while holding a large flag on the field", "A child sitting on a horse holding a flag on a field. ", "A person riding a white horse carrying a flag with a stadium full of people.", "Photograph of an outdoor arena that looks neat.\n"]
["A cop riding on the back of a brown horse down a street.", "A man riding a brown horse in the street.", "A police officer is riding a horse down the street.", "An officer is on a large brown horse as a man with a bike is next to them.", "A street with a police officer riding a horse in front of storefronts and pedestrians on the street."]
["Downtown intersection of large city with pedestrians and vehicles.", "A group of people standing on the corner of the sidewalk. ", "A horse with a child on top is standing on a street.", "A car going down the street while people walk down the street.", "A woman walking next to a horse on a  sidewalk."]
["A few cars waiting for their turn to drive around the corner.", "A intersection with little traffic surrounded by tall buildings.", "Cars stopped at an intersection waiting to proceed", "Several cars at an intersection with buildings in the background.", "Pedestrian crossing on a slow city road with few cars. "]
["A herd of zebras standing together in a field.", "Herd of zebras standing on a rocky field.", "A herd of zebras standing in a dirt field.", "A group of zebras stand together on the rocky ground.", "a close up of a number of zebras on a dirt ground"]
["A zebra in front of a group of large rocks standing next to a tree.", "A zebra stands under a tree at the zoo.", "A zebra standing beside a tree at the zoo.", "A zebra standing next to a tree on a dirt lot.", "A black and white zebra stands next to a tree."]
["No image is being shown on the page right now.", "A zebra standing in the middle of a dirt area.", "Three zebras can be seen grazing in a zoo enclosure.", "A group of zebras grazing in an enclosed area.", "Zebra's looking for food in a sanded area "]
["A brown horse standing on a lush green field.", "A horse grazes from grass next to Teton Village", "Two horses fenced in grazing on the grass. ", "Horses roam around a field alongside a village.", "A horse and a cow are walking in a field."]
["A lone zebra is eating grass in a field.", "A zebra eats grass in a tree filled field.", "A zebra eats vegetation in a fenced, grassy area.", "A zebra foraging for grass among dead branches.", "A zebra is eating grass next to sticks. "]
["A row of wagons being pulled by horses. ", "A wagon train traveling through a forest with tourists.", "A view of a horse pulling a carriage with tons of people in it.", "Horse drawn wagons with passengers pulled on path in forest.", "A line of horse pulled carriages on a road."]
["Vintage picture of a man and a horse on the farm.", "A man standing in the dirt behind a horse. ", "A horse pulling a plow for a man in what appears to be a  vintage photo. ", "A picture of a farmer and a horse plowing the field.", "A man standing behind a horse on a  field."]
["Horses standing and laying down in the grass on a hill above a lake.", "a number of horses on a hill with mountains in the background", "Several horse are in a meadow by a lake.", "Horses standing and laying in grass near a body of water and a mountain.", "A group of horses standing on top of a lush green hillside."]
["A group of horses standing around in a field, grazing.", "Horses in a field with mountains in the back ground. ", "Several horses can be seen on the rolling hills.", "there are many horses that can be seen on this field", "A group of many horses going about in a grassy meadow. "]
["Jockeys racing horses on a track during a race.", "A group of jockeys riding horses around a track", "The horses are racing around the track. ", "Several people are riding in a horse race.", "A group of men that are riding on horses."]
["Racers racing on their horses around a track. ", "Horses racing around a race track lined with yellow flowers.", "A group of horse racers approaching a turn on the track.", "A round track has many jockeys wearing different colors riding horses around it.", "A group of horses racing down a track next to a green field."]
["Four children standing behind a fence petting a horse.", "a man that is sitting on a horse with kids near by", "A man sitting on a horse while rubbing him and kids are rubbing him also.", "A jockey sitting on a horse while several kids reach up to pet it.", "A jockey on a horse allows children to pet it"]
["Two people in yellow vests and helmets riding horses.", "Two people in neon vests ride Clydesdale horses. ", "Some people are riding horses on a road", "Two men that are sitting on top of a horse.", "A couple of cops riding on the back of horses."]
["a couple of horses grazing on some green grass", "A couple of horses standing on top of a grass covered field.", "Two horses eating grass in the middle of a field. ", "Two gray colored horses grazing in a field of short cut grass, with trees and a white fence in the background.", "Two horses grazing together in a field "]
["A couple of animals that are walking around the street.", "Horses are grazing in a grassy area with trees.", "A field and trees with several horses grazing.", "Several horses milling about under trees eating grass.", "A white horse standing next to a tree."]
["Many horses stand in a field and eat grass", "A lot of animals that are in the grass.", "Horses are eating the grass in a field.", "A herd of horses grazing in a grassy field.", "many horses in a field eating grass with trees in the background"]
["A horse drawn carriage standing in front of a city building", "A horse and carriage going down the street.", "A horse drawn carriage going down a city street.", "A street intersection with horse and carriage on the road.", "A man driving a horse carriage on a city street."]
["A black horse that is tied up eating grass.", "A photo of a black miniature horse eating grass.", "A black horse is eating some hay in a field.", "A black and white shaggy horse grazing on hay.", "A black scruffy- looking horse is grazing in the straw."]
["a close up of a pizza on a plate with knives and forks", "The cheese pizza is on the plate ready to eat.", "The gourmet pizza is uneaten on a plate.", "A pizza topped on a pizza pan on top of a table.", "a pizza on a white plate and some silverware"]
["A man holding a giant banana while riding a scooter.", "A person on a scooter in a gorilla suit with a banana.", "A man in a gorilla suit holding a banana.", "Someone in a gorilla suit on a scooter. ", "Man in a gorilla suit holds an inflatable banana."]
["A group of jet skiers being pulled across the lake", "Three people water skiing at the same time while folks in another boat watch", "a few skiiers that are in some water", "Water skiers in river with boat full of people nearby.", "A group of people on ski's inside of the water."]
["A man riding a snowboard on top of a snow covered slope.", "A person on a snowboard riding it in the snow.", "People riding down the side of a snowy hill.", "A pair of skiers on a snowy hillside dressed for cold weather.", "A person rides a snowboard in a forest setting."]
["The snowboarders are posing for a picture on the slope.", "Two people are standing on the snow on a mountain.", "Two snowboarders celebrating their day on the slopes", "Two snowboarders posing on a snow covered landscape. ", "A couple of people with snowboards in the snow."]
["Different fruits are being served on a long, white plate.", "This is a contemporary photo with fruit on it.", "Kiwi fruit, banana, apples and an avocado in a dish", "A white oblong serving dish has four kiwis, a banana, two apples and an avocado in it. ", "A dish of fruit which includes apples, and bananas among others."]
["there is a male baseball player that is at bat at a game", "A group of men on a field playing baseball.", "a batter, catcher and umpire during a baseball game", "A baseball player holding a bat next to a base.", "A young man holding a baseball bat at home plate, the ball passing him."]
["The carrot cake has white frosting and is sprinkled with walnuts.", "A close up of a piece of cake on a plate with a fork.", "A nice thick piece of fattening and delicious carrot cake looks very tempting..", "A piece of half-eaten cake sits on a plate.", "A piece of cake is half eaten on a plate."]
["A closeup of an apple in the foreground with three oranges in the background.", "A close up of some pieces of fruit, an apple and oranges.", "An apple in front of three oranges. ", "A closeup of an apple and some oranges.", "A bunch of apples and oranges sitting together."]
["A couple of people riding a jet-ski on top of water.", "Two people wearing life jackets on a watercraft.", "These two women are hurtling through the water on a Jet Ski.", "two people riding a see doo in the water", "Two people sitting on a jet ski while riding through the lake."]
["A baseball player taking a swing at a ball.", "An umpire behind a batter hitting a ball at a baseball game. ", "A man dressed in a baseball uniform swinging a bat at a ball.", "A man hits a ball with a baseball bat.", "A baseball player hitting a baseball in a baseball game."]
["Ants that are in selling oranges on a table.", "Four oranges stuffed with chocolate ice cream sitting in a pan.", "A fruit with chocolate stuffed inside of it", "a close up of oranges ith something stuffed inside them ", "Several cut oranges with brown cake falling out from inside."]
["Two bunches of bananas at a market stand.", "Bundles of bananas hanging on a rope at a farmers market.", "A vendor with his vegetables with bananas on a string.", "The two bunches of bananas are hanging from the ceiling on a string.", "Bunches of bananas are hung on a string."]
["Two children hold large crocheted stockings on Christmas.", "Two kids that are standing in a living room.", "Two small children are holding large knit stockings.", "Couple of young children holding large stockings on Christmas.", "two children standing holding stalkings in a living room"]
["A baseball player holding a bat while standing next to other players.", "A baseball game going on while people watch.", "Catcher and batter ready for baseball to be thrown", "A group of men on a field playing baseball.", "A man holding a baseball bat in front of a man with a glove."]
["A baseball player swinging his bat at a baseball game. ", "A baseball player has just swung his bat.", "A baseball hitter swinging his bat during a baseball game.", "A baseball player playing on a baseball field.", "A baseball batter swinging at a baseball pitch."]
["An orange being held up to a christmas tree bulb.", "A hand holding a large orange next to a Christmas tree.", "A person holding an orange in front of a decorated tree.", "A person holding a orange next to a tree.", "an orange is held in front of a christmas tree"]
["A plate of food containing fruit, bread, cheese and an egg.", "An egg on top of bread that is surrounded by orange slices and bacon.", "Plate filled with toasted bread, orange slices and bacon.", "A hot dog with cream, oranges and strawberries on a plate", "The plate has bread, orange slices, and a fried egg on it."]
["Three pots of bright colorful food cooking on a black stove top.", "A group of big metal pots filled with colorful food.", "A black stove with several pots of food.", "A group of different types of pots on a stove.", "Three pans filled with food sitting on a stove top."]
["A very tasty looking fruit salad on a piece of pita bread.", "A plate of sliced fruit on top of a tortilla.", "A combination of raw mixed fruit on a flat, open pastry shell.", "A plate with  a crepe covered with fresh cut fruit.", "A fruit salad piled on top of flat bread."]
["Remnants of a meal sit on a square plate on a colorful surface.", "A fork lying on a mostly empty plates with some shrimp shells left behind and a single pepper strip", "A plate with shells and one piece of vegetable.", "A plate of half eaten food with a fork on it.", "A dirty dish on a table at a restaurant."]
["A team of baseball players stand in a field and visit and wait.", "A group of boys wearing baseball uniforms stand on a baseball field. ", "A group of baseball players in a field", "Members of a baseball team stand on a lawn", "Men on a baseball team standing together on the playing field."]
["A piece of pizza sitting on top of a plate.", "a green plate sitting on a table with a piece of half eaten food on it.", "a close up of a small piece of pizza", "Large white and green plate with a single piece of pizza.", "A white plate with a half eaten piece of pizza."]
["A man is performing in a tank with dolphins", "a woman is riding two dolphins in front of a crowd.", "A woman riding a dolphin while people watch her.", "An animal trainer rides two captive dolphins by standing on their heads.", "A woman standing on two dolphins holding a harness in a pool of water."]
["an image of food items including meat and vegetables", "A meal is being displayed on a dinner plate.", "A plate containing pork chops, rice, broccoli and carrots.", "A plate filled with meat veggies and potatoes.", "Plate made up of meat and a variety of vegetables. "]
["A counter topo filled with different types of vegetables.", "an image of a variety of vegetables on a table", "Fresh organic vegetables and herbs from the garden", "A bunch of various vegetables spread out on a snowflake table cloth.", "Fresh fruits and vegetables sit on a table."]
["The young girl is sitting at the table eating a piece of cake. ", "A girl in yellow dress eating a piece of cake on table.", "A little girl eating a piece of cake. ", "a girl eating a piece of cake from a pink princess plate ", "A person sitting at a table with some food."]
["A pile of un ripe bananas sitting on a table on newspaper.", "A bundle of fruit on a wooden table.", "Green plantain sitting on newspaper on a dining table.", "A dining room table with a large stack of unpeeled bananas set on a newspaper.", "A big bunch of green bananas is on a table."]
["A man on a snowboard flying through the air", "A snowboarder is flying through the air, trailing snow behind them.", "Snowy powder is around a man in the air on a snowboard.", "A snowboarder is over the snow by a tree.", "Snowboarder jumping over a street with a backdrop of trees."]
["A skier that has just made a jump in the snow.", "a person on skis riding through the snow ", "a snow skier stirring up the snow in his jump", "Skier doing jump off a small snow mound in a red jacket", "Skier in red jacket kicking up snow while jumping. "]
["A woman skiing poses on a snow slope. ", "A man riding skis across a snow covered slope.", "Person getting ready to ski down a slope", "A woman is standing on her skis on a slope.", "Someone smiling while skiing in their skis at a ski slope. "]
["a bunch of people on skis going through the snow ", "A group of people are getting ready to ski at a resort.", "Lots of people gathered near a chair lift at the bottom of a ski run.", "A number of people on skis stand at the bottom of a mountain.", "a person riding a snow boar on a snowy surface "]
["A price sign for broccoli is in front of some radishes.", "A sign describing broccoli for sale at a market", "a bunch of veggies are on display together", "Vegetables are displayed on the shelves of a store.", "Broccoli, onions, radishes and other vegetales in a display."]
["A pretty young lady riding a pink scooter on a street.", "A girl rides a scooter while wearing a red cowgirl hat.", "A girl in purple and orange on a scooter", "The young girl in colorful clothing rides a scooter.", "A young girl is on a little tiny skateboard with handles."]
["A man is doing a trick on a skateboard", "A man riding a skateboard down the side of a ramp.", "A man riding a skateboard performs a trick.", "A man doing a trick on a skateboard on a rail.", "a person riding a skate board on a ledge"]
["a trey with a bunch of vegetables on it ", "THERE ARE VEGETABLES THAT ARE ON THE TABLE ", "A white plate covered in lots of greens.", "A collection of green vegetables sits on a table.", "A view of a bunch of different kids of green vegetables."]
["Chives, radishes and other vegetables on a white cloth.", "A table topped with different types of vegetables.", "Group of festival sitting on top of a white towel together. ", "Broccoli and veggies on a pillow with designs", "A variation of vegetables are placed on the sheet."]
["a person standing on top of skis holding ski poles.", "Female skier on a mild slope, posed for photograph.", "Skier wearing red coat standing on snow covered slope in alpine area.", "A woman poses while skiing down a mountain.", "A skier poses at the top of a snowy slope."]
["An apple and a paper weight on top of wooden blocks before a mirrors.", "a coupe of mirrors with a couple of objects in front of them", "An apple and an artifact on wooden pieces each with tilting mirror behind each of them.", "An apple and a nick knack sitting on a wooden block reflected back in a mirror. ", "An apple and a metal object sitting on blocks of wood with mirrors over them."]
["a person skiing in the snow during a marathon", "A person in black skiing down a snow-covered slope.", "A woman cross country skiing in a competition.", "A woman racing on skis in the snow.", "A woman wearing black with a number on her leg is moving forward on skis."]
["a person with a hat and some ski poles", "A person riding skis down a snow covered ski slope.", "A wintery day with a skier pulling a sled.", "A person who is on snow skis, going down a hill.", "A person wearing a hat is in the snow on skis."]
["A male competitive speed skier coming around a curve.", "a Olympic snow skier wearing red and white in a competition", "A cross country skier skies on a field of snow.", "A skier in white clothing is attempting to go faster. ", "a man that is skiing down a snowy slope"]
["A man riding a skateboard down a brick sidewalk.", "a guy skateboarding down a long stretch of sidewalk", "A fuzzy image of some people on skate boards.", "A man skateboards on a sidewalk at night.", "A very dark scene of a man with his skateboard and shadow on the wall."]
["A man riding skis down a snow covered ski slope.", "A cross country skier on a snowy course", "A skier in a black suit and orange toboggan. ", "A skier in an orange hat skiing across the snow.", "a person skiing down a hill in a black outfit "]
["A group of young and old are skiing on the snow.", "Family posing on the ski slopes wearing skis", "Three adult and two child skiers posing on a slope.", "A family of snow skiers lined up for a picture before their run.", "A family poses for a photo while skiing on a snowy mountainside."]
["A group of people riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A young boy stumbles as he skies down a mountain", "A skier crashes while a group of seven travels in the background.", "A man is struggling to ski in the heavy snow.", "There are people skiing down the snowy hill."]
["A group of people skiing down a snow covered slope.", "A person riding on ski's down a slope.", "Two young men on skis with view of people on a ski lift.", "People are skiing down a long ski slope.", "A group of skiers going down a snow covered hill next to the ski lift."]
["A man on a skateboard who is performing a trick. ", "A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "A skateboarder performing a trick on a stairwell.", "The boy is skateboarding down the long  steps", "a man is flying over some steps on a skateboard"]
["A skateboarder rides his skateboard across a parking lot.", "A young man riding on his skateboard down a street.", "A man riding a skateboard down a road.", "The boy  is skating during the day.", "a man skate boarding down an empty street"]
["A man holding two ski poles and two skis.", "a person is out in the snow with some skis", "Adult skier standing in snow covered field while holding equipment.", "A person with some skis posing in the snow.", "Girl standing in snowy area holding a ski and ski poles"]
["A person riding a skateboard on top of a tennis court at night.", "A man on a skateboard in the dark", "The skateboarder in pink rides on a tennis court.", "A skateboarder dressed in pink and black at night.", "A young person riding a skateboard about to preform a trick."]
["Dude grinding on the edge of the ramp with his skateboard", "A skateboarder hangs his skateboard on the lip of a ramp to make a turn.", "A skateboarder is balanced on the lip of a half pipe.", "A guy on a skate board on top of a big ramp.", "A kid wearing black and white is on the ledge of a skateboard ramp on his skateboard."]
["A plate topped with lots of greens next to a bottle of wine.", "An up close image of a broccoli dish on a plate next to a glass of white wine and a bottle. ", "A meal is on a plate beside a wine glass and bottle.", "A food entree is served on a plate.", "A plate of food and a bottle of wine"]
["Multiple images are seen showing forest scenes and a small cottage.", "A collection of different plants and fields, with a tomato plant being the most prominent. ", "Various types of pictures that are of different plants.", "Colorful collection of pictures of a wooded area. ", "A collage of several photos show outdoor scenes."]
["A little child riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A person riding a pair of ski's down a hill.", "A child stands on skis on a snowy hill.", "A child skis down a gentle slope without poles.", "a person riding skis on a snowy slope"]
["a close up of a basket of fruit on a bike ", "A bicycle with a basket filled with fruit.", "The bicycle basket is full of yellow apples.", "A black bike with a basket full of fruit.  ", "A bicycle's front basket is filled with fresh apples."]
["A man slicing up an apple on top of a wooden cutting board.", "An apple is being cut into slices on a cutting board.", "A man slices an apple on a cutting board.", "A person is cutting an apple on a cutting board.", "a close up of a person cutting apples"]
["a bowl full of mixed vegetables and pieces", "some sliced veggies sittting  in a bowl ", "a steel bowl with julienne carrots and other vegetables", "some chopped up vegetables in a metal bowl", "Several different kinds of julienned vegetables in a bowl."]
["A man is standing with a skateboard in his hand.", "A man standing holding a skateboard vertical in one hand.", "A man standing on the street holding  a skateboard", "A man with a hat on backwards stands with a skateboard.", "A man is standing outside with his skateboard."]
["A white plate topped with a pile of fries next to a cut in half sandwich.", "A patty melt is shown with french fries.", "Grilled cheeseburger with a pickle on the side with a side of fries. ", "A sandwich, fries and pickle sitting on a plate.", "A large plate of french fries and a sandwich ."]
["A big pile of assorted fresh produce close together.", "A table with all kinds of different vegetables on it. ", "A pile of different colored vegetables sitting on a  table.", "Assorted vegetables and greens on a table cloth.", "A big pile of vegetables sitting on a table."]
["3 dogs sitting in front of a fruit and veggie stand.", "There are three dogs sitting Together under a umbrella", "Three dogs sitting side by side in the street.", "A group of dogs in front of a wooden crate", "Three dogs standing in front of a counter at a shop wearing leashes."]
["LOTS OF PEOPLE AND VEHICLES ON A BUSY CITY STREET", "People skateboarding and riding bikes on a city street.", "A man wearing a jacket walking across a street at a cross walk.", "A man standing in the crosswalk at a busy intersection", "Person in gray hooded jacket attempting t cross busy street."]
["two people riding skate boards on a city street", "Many people skateboard through an intersection, stopping traffic.", "These skateboarders need to be careful with all of the street traffic.", "Skateboarders ride beside people crossing a crowded street.", "A group of skateboarders riding down a busy street"]
["Kneeling on the skateboard, the rider uses their arms to propel them.", "Little boy riding a skateboard down the side walk.", "A boy sitting on a skateboard with his hands behind is back.", "A boy is sitting on a skateboard and pushing himself along.", "A young boy kneels down on the sidewalk"]
["the man is riding a skateboard around the empty lots", "The skaters are trying their tricks on the abandoned street.", "A man riding a skateboard down a walk way.", "A man riding on a skateboard on a sunny day.", "A man is riding a skateboard in the distance."]
["assorted desserts sitting on an outdoors table ", "A table with different foods and dishes on it. ", "there is a tray with different layers of sweets", "a table that is outside with food on it", "A four tiered dessert plate full of dessert on a table outside."]
["A cup of coffee sitting next to a computer keyboard.", "a desk that has a keyboard and a cup on it", "Black and white photograph of a cup of coffee and a  keyboard.", "a desk with a cup and a keyboard ", "a coffee cup is next to a white keyboard"]
["A pile of broccoli and carrots sitting on a  wooden table.", "A bunch of different vegetables on a white cloth.", "Vegetables and greens laid out on a cloth. ", "A batch of lettuce and carrots sitting on a chair.", "Green leafy vegetables and carrots laying on a bag."]
["A group of carrots sit in a glass dish.", "some carrots are in a  glass tray on a table", "Baked carrots in glass pan on counter with green napkin", "A bunch of carrots in a roasting pan", "Some roasted carrots are in a glass dish."]
["A pile of tomatoes, carrots, squash, lettuce and spinach.", "An arrangement of fresh produce including tomatoes, kale, and cabbage on a white tablecloth.", "A tray with tomatoes, oranges, kales, cabbage and other vegetables", "A bunch of various vegetables on a table.", "A variety of vegetables adorns a cloth covered tray."]
["A batch of very deformed looking carrots among a group of different types of vegetables.", "Fresh carrots hang tied together on a pole.", "There are some oddly shaped carrots hanging up", "Some carrots that have grown in an irregular twisty shape hang from a post.", "Oddly shaped carrots hanging in front of other vegetables."]
["A man riding a skateboard on top of a sidewalk.", "A man executing a skateboard trick into the street.", "A man in white shirt doing a trick on a skateboard.", "A young man in a white shirt skateboarding on an empty street.", "A person that is skateboarding on a sidewalk."]
["Carrots in a bowl on a metal surface.", "A lot of peeled carrots inside a round metal bowl.", "A bunch of carrots that are in a container.", "an image of a pot of carrots with stalks", "A silver bowl containing many carrots with long, green stems"]
["Three people are skiing in the snow near a hill.", "A mom and her two children on snow skis getting ready to go downhill.", "One adult and two children pose for a picture in their ski equipment.", "Three people on skis in the snow together", "A woman with two children on skis on a hill."]
["The colorfully dressed woman is skiing through the snow.", "A woman in a blue clown wig skiing down a snow covered slope.", "A person in a costume skiing down a snowy slope.", "A woman in red snow skiing down a hill.", "Person in blue hat is skiing in a competition."]
["a bride and groom prepare to cut the wedding cake", "a man and woman are standing next to a cake", "A couple at their wedding reception cutting the cake.", " A man standing next to a bride in front of a wedding cake.", "A man in uniform and a woman in a bridal gown stand near a cake."]
["A young boy riding skis down a slope", "A person wearing a colorful helmet and skiing down a slope.", "a person on skis with a multicolored cat skiing down a snowy hill", "A man is downhill skiing in the snow. ", "A person is skiing while wearing an Indian headdress."]
["Several peeled vegetables are sitting in a baking dish.", "On a metal pan are some skinned vegetables, and fruits.", "The vegetables have been cut and are now in the pan. ", "A pan has fruit and vegetables on it.", "A large metal pan filled with peeled food items."]
["Bunches of carrots and broccoli on display stand.", "A pile of carrots next to other green and purple vegetables.", "Vegetables are stacked up high on a market stand.", "A row of broccoli heads, carrot bushels, and radish bushels.", "A table full of many carrots and broccoli."]
["A man flying through the air riding a skateboard.", "Man on a green skateboard kicking his board into the air. ", "A teen is seen mid-jump while flipping his skateboard in an indoor skate park.", "A man on a skateboard in mid-air on a skate ramp.", "A guy doing a trick on a skateboard on a indoor half pipe."]
["Guy jumping over the railing while on his skateboard", "there is a male skateboarder that is doing a trick", "A man is high in the air on a skateboard.", "a man is in the air on a skateboard", "A skateboarder in mid air after a jump "]
["A knife sitting next to carrots on top of a cutting board.", "Carrots are being cut into pieces with a large knife.", "A butcher knife next to carrots cut to various sizes.", "Carrots are sitting on a counter in different stages of cutting with a knife.", "A knife and progressively finely chopped up carrots."]
["A man walking across a field covered in white snow.", "A man skis through the snow on a hazy day.", "A person with skis on riding through a snowy plane.", "The area is completely covered in snow with one guy walking through it.", "A man who is walking in the snow on skis."]
["A boy does a jump with a skateboard while a girl watches. ", "Young skateboarder displaying aerial skills with young girl looking on.", "a skateboarder catches a lot of air in front of a girl ", "A kid that is jumping in the air on a skateboard.", "a couple skateboarders doing trips at a skateboard park"]
["A tall green and blue sculpture sitting in a park next to a skateboarder.", "Green and blue plastic containers sitting side by side outdoors.", "A man performs a skateboard trick on a large, twisting structure. ", "A person on a skate board about to descend a ramp.", "Boy on a skateboard coming down from the top of a blue and green statue."]
["A woman holding a child on top of her lap.", "The little asian baby is eating a small carrot.", "A young child is held by an adult while chewing on a carrot.", "a boy plays with his food and his mouth", "A lady holding a baby eating a carrot."]
["A half eaten hot dog sitting on a paper napkin", "The hotdog has mustard and bacon on it.", "A hotdog on a bun with bacon and mustard.", "A hot dog with mustard and bacon on a napkin next to two mustard packets.", "A hot dog with bacon and mustard packs. "]
["A table topped with trays full of hot dogs.", "The table is set up with the food for people to grab what they like. ", "A table of food that includes hotdogs and desserts.", "A table covered in hotdogs, sodas, and cake is pictured.", "a table with many different food items and a cake"]
["A man holding a giant half a sandwich on top of a table.", "there is a man sitting at a table eating a sandwich", "a person holding a sandwich and sitting at a table", "A man eating a sandwich at a restaurant.", "A person is holding a large sandwich in a restaurant."]
["Woman eating a hot dog standing in front of a fountain.", "A woman holding a hot dog in front of a water fountain.", "A woman is posing by a statue with a hot dog.", "A woman sits in front of the fountain holding the hot dog", "A lady with a hot dog in front of a statuesque fountain."]
["A moustached skate board rider holds his board", "A still shot of a skateboarder and his skateboard.", "A man stands holding his skateboard on a clear day.", "Man holding skateboard standing at curb in populated area.", "A man that is standing on a sidewalk with a skateboard."]
["A display case inside of a bakery filled with doughnuts and cakes.", "A display with a lot of cold cuts and stuff.", "A coffee shop with many pastries to choose from.", "a bakery with food on display behind a glass", "The bakery display case of a sandwich shop"]
["a hotdog with cheese, with a side of chili fries", "A foam container filled with chili cheese fries.", "THERE IS A PLATE OF HOT DOGS AND FRIES ON THE TABLE ", "Some chili cheese fries next to a hotdog with slaw and ketchup.", "Loaded french fries in a container sitting beside a hotdog."]
["A person using a skateboard on the side of a wall.", "A man in striped shirt riding a skateboard on a ramp.", "A person on a skateboard is riding up on the wall and his shadow towers above him.", "A man riding a skateboard on a ramp in a park.", "A man riding a skateboard down the side of a ramp."]
["A tray of hot dogs with different toppings on them.", "Various hot dogs with different toppings are on the tray.", "Hot dogs sitting on an red tray next to french fries.", "A platter full of hot dogs with different toppings.", "A plate of hot-dogs with multiple toppings like mustard, cheese, chili. "]
["A collection of hot dogs topped with a variety of toppings.", "A photo of a dog dog covered in cheese noodles.", "Two hot dogs with different toppings on a tray with French fries.", "Food items displayed on red trays on table.", "A hot dog that has some cheese on top of it."]
["A young male is riding his skateboard on the ramp.", "A young boy practicing his balance on a skateboard.", "The boy in the white t-shirt rides his skateboard on the concrete structure.", "A boy riding on a skateboard on the concrete.", "A person is standing on the street on a skateboard."]
["A man in a white shirt riding on a skateboard.", "Young boy displaying skateboard skills on cement surface.", "Two people ride skateboards on a concrete area.", "a young person riding a skate board on cement ", "A young man rides a skateboard while others play in the background."]
["A man riding a skateboard next to another man.", "A man with a skateboard and another man on a sidewalk.", "Two guys with skateboards standing on  a hill", "Black and white photo of two men in hats, one on skateboard.", "Two men are standing at a skate park."]
["A woman in sunglasses eating a hotdog in grassy area.", "The lady in the sunglasses is holding something toward the camera.", "A woman wearing some sunglasses holding a sandwich.", "A girl looks up at the camera while sitting on grass. ", "A woman wearing sunglasses, holding a partially eaten hotdog."]
["A little girl is sitting in an IKEA kart enjoying a snack. ", "The young girl is eating a hot dog while riding in a shopping cart.", "A little girl sitting in a shopping car holding a piece of cake.", "A little girl is partaking in a brown bag lunch while riding in a shopping cart.", "A little girl is eating a hot dog and riding in a shopping cart."]
["Woman in sunglasses preparing to take a bite of a sandwich.", "A woman is opening her mouth to take a bite of food", "A woman makes a face as she bites into a sandwich.", "A woman eating a sandwich with her left hand.", "A woman wearing big red glasses eats a sandwich and holds a water bottle."]
["A white plate topped with two donuts on a wooden table.", "Two donuts on a plate next to a mug. ", "Two donuts and a cup of coffee on a table.", "A plate with pastries near a mug with a creamy heart in it.", "Two donuts are on a plate near a cup of coffee."]
["A person is windsurfing near several waves on a hazy day.", "A man para sailing through the ocean waves. ", "A person is taken in this very picture.\n", "A person windsurfs near large and violent waves.", "A person is windsurfing amongst some huge waves."]
["A snowboarder holding a snowboard standing under a sign.", "The snowboard is almost as big as the snowboarder.", "There is a person that is holding something in front if a sign", "A woman stands in front of a sign with a snowboard.", "An individual is doing something that is uncommonly entrancing. \n"]
["A doughnut with sprinkles is sitting on a piece of paper.", "Closeup of a donut with pink frosting and sprinkles on white paper.", "Fancy sprinkled donut and napkin on a table in a donut shop.", "A doughnut with frosting and sprinkles on a napkin.", "There is a single frosted donut with sprinkles."]
["A large pile of a variety of donuts seen from above", "A large stack of a variety of donuts, all set on top of each other to make a pyramid like design.", "A pile of different flavored donuts topped with chocolate and coconut.", "Overhead shot of a pyramid of assorted cake donuts.", "Various decorated donuts are stacked on top of each other."]
["Three donuts in a box that is open and on a bike.", "a box of doughnuts on the back of a bicycle", "Doughnuts sit on the back of a bicycle.", "Three donuts sit in a box on the back of a bicycle.", "The red bicycle is holding three leftover donuts."]
["A hot dog on a plate with sauerkraut and some small green pickles", "A hot dog with pickles is on a plate next to some paper.", "A hotdog on a plate with two green peppers ", "A plate with a hot dog and fresh pickles.", "A hotdog on a plate with two green things"]
["a glass covered donut fryer frying a ring of donuts", "Donuts are being made in an automated machine.", "  There are donuts being freshly made in a machine", "Donuts are entering a frying oil in a half circle fashion.", "A photo of donuts frying in oil behind glass."]
["A piece of pie and donut on plates at a table with three beer mugs.", "A table with mugs of beer, a slice of pie, donut and passports.", "A table filled with bowls of dessert next to mugs of beer.", "A table is set with three mugs of beer, a slice of pie, a donut with a segment cut out, and few other objects.", "A meal of dessert and beer is sitting on a table."]
["A man holding a donut in his right hand.", "A person holding a piece of food in between two other people. ", "A smiling man holds a doughnut with smiling women next to him. ", "a man is holding a doughnut out in front of him", "Man with a half eaten bagel surrounded by two women."]
["A snowboader falling face first into the snow.", "A man laying on top of snow with a snowboard.", "Someone is one the ground with snowboard on their feet.", "A person with a snow board laying in the snow.", "A view of a snowboarder as they crash into the snowy ground."]
["A guy seems overly happy about some fried food he is holding.", "A man in grey shit holding a small piece of fried food.", "Man smiling while displaying food item in kitchen area.", "A man holds a piece of food in his hand.", "A man holding up a piece of food ."]
["A television playing Battlestar Galactica with pizza on a plate on the floor.", "A television with some food sitting on the floor near it", "Battlestar Galactica is playing on a flat screen television and there is a plate of pizza on the floor.", "A TV turned on to a video game and some pizza.", "Food sitting on a white plate below a television with video game. "]
["A close up of a ring shaped cookie with green icing.", "A hand holding a desert item with green frosting.", "A person is holding something donut shaped in their hands. ", "a donut that is convered in green icing and powder", "A person holding a donut with a green frosting."]
["Three men are at a restaurant table with donuts and beer.", "A group of people around the table with doughnuts and soda.", "Three men at a wooden table with drinks and donuts. ", "a group of people sit at a table with doughnuts", "Some people that are eating some food together."]
["A pink box filled with donuts next to a bottle of coke.", "A pink box full of mostly eaten doughnuts", "A pink box of doughnuts, a two liter bottle of Coca Cola, a bottle of liquor and a shot glass are on a table.", "A box of half eaten donuts that is sitting on the table.", "a close up of a box of doughnuts "]
["A man in a hat eating food with chopsticks.", "A man smiles while holding his food at the table.", "A man is eating food with a pair of chopsticks.", "A man eating dumplings with chop sticks at a table.", "A man smiles while eating a meal with chop sticks."]
["A woman holding up a chocolate doughnut with icing on top of it.", "A woman is holding up a chocolate covered doughnut.", "A woman holding a donut with the letter M on it.", "A smiling lady holding up  a tasty looking pastry.", "A woman is smiling and holding up a chocolate iced pastry."]
["A man holds a box of donuts while eating one.", "A man taking a bite out of a doughnut. ", "A man outside at night eating donuts from a box.", "A young man eating doughnuts in a parking lot at night.", "Boy eating a donut with a box of Tim Horton donuts in his other hand."]
["A big pile of pastries with powder stacked on top of one another.", "There is a dozen of sugar coated doughnuts on the table. ", "A bunch of doughnuts stacked on top of each other.", "Sugar covered doughnuts are heaped in a pile.", "A close-up of a pile of glazed doughnuts."]
["A Christmas ornament shaped like a donut on a Christmas tree.", "A Christmas decoration designed to look like a chocolate covered bagel", "A doughnut shaped ornament hanging from a tree.", "A Christmas ornament in the shape of a bagel hangs from a tree.", "a Christmas ornament shaped like a doughnut decorated in gold "]
["A man is carrying a surfboard towards the water.", "A surfer is carrying his board into the water.", "A man holding a surf board on a beach. ", "A man laughing while holding a surfboard on the beach.", "A surfer holding a surf board on the beach."]
["White plate with small pieces of a sandwich on it. ", "A plate with a sandwich on it and several pieces of silverware on the table. ", "A plate has potato chips and fish with wooden skewers. ", "A unique looking meal is placed on the plate with silverware. ", "A long narrow plat holding a sandwich, waffle chips, and some salad. "]
["A group of four surfboards laying on top of a beach.", "A group of very colorful surf boards in the sand.", "Four colorful surfboards laying on a sandy beach.", "Surfboard laying on sandy beach on a cloudy day.", "Surfboards drying on the beach in the afternoon sun"]
["a man surfing a small wave on part of a river", "A man on a surfboard that is on a wave.", "A man is surfing through the waves of river rapids.", "A person riding waves on a surfboard on a river.", "A man in a wet suit is on a white surfboard on a river."]
["A person rides a surf board in wavy rapids.", "A person on a surfboard on rapids in a river.", "A man surfs down a small wave in the water.", "The man in the wetsuit rides his boogie board down the river.", "A surfer standing on a board in a river."]
["a person surfing down a river on a surf board", "A man is surfing in a river while another person watches.", "A man riding a surfboard on top of a wave.", "A person on a surfboard casually riding calm waves.", "A man is surfing in a wave simulator."]
["A man in black surfing in wild choppy water. ", "A man riding a surfboard in the rapids of a river ", "Man in a wet suit surfing river rapids ", "a person surfing in a large deep river", "A person surfs waves in a river. "]
["A man who is on a surfboard in a river.", "a man surfing on part of a river ", "a man surfing on a river with so high waves", "A man surfing down a rushing rivers wave", "A man on surfboard in a river with another person standing in the river behind him. "]
["A chili cheese dog with french fries on a plate.", "A meatball sub served with french fries on the side.", "A meatballs sub and french fries on a plate.", "A meatball sandwich and french fries is on a white plate.", "Plate of fries and meatball sandwich sits on table"]
["A plate of food with sandwiches and some fries on it.", "A club sandwich is served with a pile of crinkle cut fries and coleslaw. ", "The sandwich cut into four pieces is next to french fries.", "A black plate topped with sandwiches and french fries.", "some sandwiches and fries on a black plate"]
["person in shadow watersking in large body of water", "A guy in the water para sailing. ", "A man partaking in a water sport in the ocean. ", "Man boarding on the water on a lit watery afternoon.", "Silhouette of a person hang gliding in the water."]
["A big wedding cake with three white stories. ", "a very large cake with flowers around it", "On the table is a three tiered wedding cake, wine goblets, and some roses.", "a wedding cake that is 5 layers high and has flowers on it.", "A large four-tiered whited frosted cake with purple trim displayed."]
["A group of kids and adults eating cake at a table. ", "Various crowd of people at a party eating cake.", "A group of people eating cake at a birthday party.", "a big table that has some plates of food on it", "A group of children are enjoying cake at a party."]
["A little girl blowing out the candles of a cake.", "A child blows out the candles on her birthday cake", "The family watches a little girl blow out her birthday candles.", "A young girl surrounded by people watching her blowing out the candles on her birthday cake", "Several children and some adults celebrating a birthday party."]
["There are men playing a soccer game on the yard", "five soccer players taking a brief time out ", "People interact during a soccer match with a large crowd.", "The guys are  playing ball  in the field.", "A group of people standing around a field with a soccer ball."]
["A picture of a birthday cake on a kitchen counter.", "A birthday cake sits on a wooden block.", "Collin's 25th birthday cake wishes him a happy birthday.", "A white birthday cake with candles on a cutting board.", "A wooden board with a birthday cake on top of it."]
["An adult standing holding surfboard and a child kneeling by water.", "The man carrying a surfboard looks out at the water.", "A person standing on top of a roof holding a surfboard.", "a woman holding a surf board and a young boy looking at a body of water", "A woman stands near water with a surfboard."]
["There was a sandwich and cheese and meet served.", "A cutting board with 2 quarters of a sandwich, bacon wraps and cheese cubes. ", "A cutting board has slices of sandwich and cheese on it.", "A sandwich with a bite out of it and cheese cubes.", "a close up of a sandwich on a table "]
["A man sitting on his surfboard looking out into the ocean. ", "Sitting on a surfboard in a wet suit, the surfer takes a break from the waves.", "A man sitting on a beach looking at the ocean.", "A surfer sits on his surfboard at the shoreline. ", "A person sitting on a surfboard on the edge of the ocean."]
["there is a cupcake and a piece o cake on a plate", "A white plate topped with a slice of cake and a cupcake.", "tow pieces of a desert on a plate on a table", "A two part dessert with strawberries and chocolate on a plate.", "A fancy cake and cupcake are on a plate."]
["A deli sandwich is in its container on the table.", "A sandwich sitting on top of two bowls of meat.", "A sandwich sits on a plastic tray containing ham.", "A picture of something and it appears like food.\n", "A large submarine sandwich sitting on two plastic containers of ham."]
["A slice of pastry with a cream filling.", "A white plate holding a piece of cheese cake on table.", "A cake piece in the plate.A spoon is in the plate.", "There is a small piece of eaten cake on this plate", "Slice of dessert item on monogrammed small plate."]
["a man that is standing on a beach with a board", "People are taking their surfboards into the ocean.", "Several surfers are heading out into the waves.", "Four people walking out into the ocean with surfboards.", "A group of people standing in the water with surfboards."]
["a woman holding a birthday cake filled with lit candles.", "A woman holds a birthday cake filled with many lit candles.", "A woman wearing a pink shirt is holding a blue cake with brown stars that has many lit candles.", "A woman carrying a birthday cake with lit candles on it", "A woman holding a lit birthday cake at the base of the stairs."]
["A woman handing another woman a birthday cake filled with candles.", "A woman holding a blue birthday cake with stars and candles on it and another woman in front of the cake.", "a women recieves a cake that is blue", "a fat girl blowing out candles on a cake", "One lady is holding a birthday cake while another blows out the candles."]
["two people riding surf boards with sails ", "Two people windsurfing on water next to trees.", "A couple of guys are out wind sailing on a lake", "A couple of people riding wind sails on a body of water.", "Two people on boards wind surfing in the water."]
["A hotel room filled with beige and blue furniture.", "a room with a bed and sliding glass doors", "A large bed in a bedroom next to a wall.", "A full view of a beautiful hotel room next to the ocean. ", "A ROOM WITH A BED DESK AND VIEW"]
["A bed in a bedroom next to a slide glass door.", "A nice looking room with a very big bed.", "A hotel room in colors of brown and blue.", "A room with a bed, chairs, a table, a mirror and several lights. ", "A bed that is in a room with a light next to it."]
["A surfer laying on a surf board and paddling with her hands and feet.", "A woman in a santa hat is moving to stand on a surfboard\n", "The girl wearing a Santa hat is on a surf board. ", "A girl on a surfboard in the ocean.", "A woman surfing in the ocean on a surfboard. "]
["Many kids are on the field playing soccer as the adults look on. ", "Young boys playing soccer on field with adults looking on.", "A group of young kids play a soccer match while older men watch.", "a group of children playing soccer on an open field", "It is good to start young children in sports to learn camaraderie."]
["A man that is on a surfboard in the water.", "A man in a wetsuit surfs a wave.", "A man is surfing on a wave in the ocean. ", "A man in  shorts and a top is surfing in the ocean.", "a person that is standing on a surfboard"]
["a group of surfers are riding waves in the ocean", "A group of people are having fun in the ocean. ", "A surfer rides a wave as others paddle over the water. ", "A man riding a white surfboard on top of a wave.", "Group of people surfing in water with waves."]
["A group of people are watching boys play soccer.", "a young boy is running at a ball", "Young children contending over soccer ball during game", "Some children play soccer while adults watch on the sideline.", "Young children kicking a soccer ball in a game"]
["A bedroom suite with a large bed and amazing view", "A large white bed sitting in a hotel room next to a red couch.", "A large room with a ben and some chairs", "Large hotel room with a king sized bed and large view of the ocean. ", "A large hotel room has a bed, couch, and desks."]
["Two boys are playing soccer on the grass.", "Two boys are chasing after a soccer ball. ", "A pair of children race for the soccer ball.", "Two children on a soccer field kicking a soccer ball during a game.", "Two young boys fighting to get to the soccer ball."]
["The open drapes show the view from the room.", "Resort hotel room with king bed, balcony and sitting area.", "The hotel room is decorated with soft gold and deep rose tones.", "A bedroom that has a bed, a couch, and a chair in it.", "A hotel room with twin beds as a kind and rose chairs"]
["A group of people riding surfboards in the ocean.", "Surfing students listening intently to their instructor in the water", "A man teaches children to surf on a hazy day.", "Young girls gather around an instructor for surf lessions", "Group of people enjoying a day at the beach. "]
["Two persons are practicing surfing on sand.One man is standing nearby. ", "Two people are being trained by an instructor in order to learn how to surf.", "A man that is standing next to two people laying on surfboards.", "Two young people are having fun learning how to surf.", "A surf teacher and two students practice on the beach. "]
["Two teams of small children are playing a soccer game. ", "A group of young kids kicking around a soccer ball.", "A bunch of young children playing a game of soccer.", "a group of little kids play a game of soccer ", "a couple of kids are kicking a ball in a field"]
["Cake iced sitting on top of cake stand with bowl next to it", "A cake with frosting sitting on a pedestal.", "A cake is kept on a stand and some fruits in a bowl.", "A white cake sitting on top of a green cake plate.", "A cake on a cake pedestal sitting on a counter "]
["A bed and a window in a room.", "Dark lit bedroom with a white bed and an open window. ", "a photo of a bed in front of a big window", "A poster bed in front of a three-arched window.", "A bedroom scene with focus on the bed and the window."]
["A birthday cake with candles on it. ", "A chocolate birthday cake covered with decorations and candles.", "a close up of a cake on a table ", "Chocolate cake with lettering on the top of it on blue table. ", "A chocolate cake for a ninety second birthday."]
["Two men who maybe spear fishing one is on a surf board.", "Surfers with paddles riding waves in open ocean.", "two men wearing all black doing a water sport ", "A person on a surfboard in the water.", "A man is on his surf board riding the wave. "]
["A group of boys playing soccer on a field.", "a group of little kids playing soccer on a field ", "kids playing football in the field with a red ball", "Children on beright sunny day playing soccer who appear to be about 5 years old. ", "Many young children play soccer on a field. "]
["A knife being used to cut a dessert on a plate", "A chef's knife slicing through a stuffed dish.", "A cake made to look like a turkey is being cut.", "A cake is being cut on top of a turntable on a table.", "There is a cut cake that is in tge counter top"]
["A cake shaped like a stuffed and roasted chicken.", "A person cutting into a plate of food on a table.", "a cake made to look like a turkey ", "a fake turkey with fake vegetables in a pan", "A person cutting through a cake shaped and decorated like a roasted chicken."]
["Nice large hotel room separated into two parts", "A hotel bed and sitting area with chairs. ", "A hotel room filled with furniture and a sliding glass door.", "A large room with a room divider, showing a bedroom on one side and a sitting area on the other.", "There is a living room suite in a large hotel room"]
["A small vanilla birthday cake topped with strawberries.", "Four candles have been lit on this birthday cake. ", "A cake seems to be lit with candles. ", "a cake with lit candles sitting on a kitchen table", "A cake with lit candles on top of it."]
["Two soccer teams playing a soccer match in a stadium.", "a group of guys on the soccer field playing in front of a crowd", "a bunch of soccer players are playing a game", "Two soccer teams wear different colored uniforms while playing a game.", "The soccer players are competing for control of the ball."]
["A man dressed in green kicks a soccer ball.", "a male soccer player in green fans and a ball", "A soccer player running and kicking a soccer ball during a match.", "A soccer player in a green uniform is trying to control the ball. ", "a soccer player getting ready to kick a soccer ball"]
["A surfer falling backwards off a surfboard on a little wave.", "A man on a surfboard falling back into the water.", "A Surfer riding his surfboard through the waves", "A man surfing on a surf board in the ocean. ", "A man riding a surfboard in the ocean on a wave."]
["A neat hotel room with a bed, some furniture, and a patio.", "A living area with bed, two chairs and a desk.", "A hotel room with a king sized bed and a balcony", "A bed sitting between two lamps in a bedroom.", "A hotel bedroom with balcony overlooking the ocean."]
["A hotel room scene with a double bed and a view of the patio.", "A very big room with a big bed and some windows.", "A really nice hotel room with a gorgeous view.", "A suite with a large bed and balcony view", "A nice clean bedroom with a great view"]
["two colorful pillows on a made bed with a backboard", "An orange bed with two decorative pillows on it", "A bed with white sheets, an orange headboard and bedspread and colorful pillows.", "An orange and white bed spread with yellow and floral accent pillows.", "A bed with an orange bed sheet and pillows."]
["A group of three people splashing on top of a wave.", "two men and a child play in the waves on boogie boards", "A few people are in the ocean splashing around.", "Some people in the ocean splash with some wakeboards.", "A group of people splashing in the water in the ocean."]
["a person with a wake board in a body of water", "A woman is walking in the ocean surf.", "A woman approaching a wave to surf on.", "A person in the water with a surfboard.", "a girl in with a body board in some water "]
["A person on a beach with a surf board.", "a person holding a surf board on a beach", "Man standing on shoreline by ocean holding surfboard", "A man with a surfboard stands on the edge of the surf.", "a man that is holding a surfboard walking on some sand"]
["A large bed sitting in a bedroom with a giant head board.", "A large bed in a hotel bedroom with a variety of pillows. ", "A room with a bed, lamp, curtains and pillows in it.", "a bed room with a neatly made bed ", "a well-made bed with many pillows in front of a window looking out into a night scene"]
["The woman sits in bed as a child stands at the foot of it.", "A young girl at the foot of a hospital bed with a woman in the bed.", "A woman is in a hospital bed holding a baby, with a girl standing at the end of her bed. \n", "A woman sitting on a medical bed in a hospital.", "A woman in hospital gown lays in bed with a child by her bedside and another woman sweeps in the background"]
["A couple of young men playing a game of soccer.", "Men playing with orange soccer ball on grass and dirt field.", "Little boys playing soccer in an open field.", "Several kids in a park playing soccer. ", "Some children who are playing soccer with each other."]
["a pepperoni pizza on a white platter and a person", "A homemade pizza with sausage and peppers on plate", "a small pizza sits on a plate in front of a person ", "A pepperoni and pepper pizza on a plate on a table.", "A serving plate with a pepperoni and bell pepper pizza."]
["A sleek bedroom has gray walls and a white and orange bed.", "A bed sitting in the middle of a small room. It has an assortment of pillows on the bed.", "A bed with lots of pillows next to a table with a lamp.", "A small grey bedroom with orange accents and a canopy bed.", "a white bed with orange and white pillows and some pictures"]
["A man standing on a beach while holding a surfboard.", "a male in a swimsuit standing in the ocean with a red surfboard", "A lone surfer is carrying is board out to the waves.", "A man holds a red surfboard on a wavy shore.", "a man is walking with a surfboard at the beach"]
["Two hot women laying in bed together next to pillows.", "Two young fully clothed ladies on a made-up bed.", "Two women laying next to each other on the bed .", "Two girls in their pajamas lounging on a bed.", "Two girls smiling while sitting on a bed with tv in background."]
["A woman taking a picture of her lunch at a restaurant.", "A girl taking a photograph of pizza on a paper plate.", "Woman photographing a meal on paper plates on a table.", "Person eating pizza that is on a paper plate.", "A girl with a camera photographing some food."]
["Two children in a bunk bed with white blankets ", "Two little kids enjoy the bunk bed, one on top and one on the bottom.", "Two young children smiling in their bunk beds.", "a young child sits on top of a bunk bed ", "Two kids are in their individual bunk beds. "]
["A male tennis player holds balls and the racket", "A person on a court with a tennis racket.", "a man that is on a tennis court with a racket", "a male tennis player gathering his balls ", "a man is standing on a court with a tennis racket"]
["a bunch of people at a table with food", "Group of many people enjoying each other and dinner", "Group of people sitting around a wooden dinner table talking. ", "a group of people at a table with many plates of food ", "A large group of people eating around a table."]
["A pizza buffet with one slice taken out of a pizza.", "Multiple style pizzas sitting under a heating lamp.", "Several different types of pizza are sitting in a display case.", "Pizza on a tray in front of a window.", "A pan pizza and a thin crust pizza."]
["A small pizza is displayed on a small plate.", "A close up of a small piece of pizza on a plate.", "A plate of pizza that is on a table.", "A small pastry with cheese plated upon a white dish.", "Small pizza looking meal set on a white plate."]
["Several slices of pizza on a white paper plate.", "Several slices of pizza with pepperoni sitting on a plate.", "Slices of peperoni pizza on a paper plate.", "There are four slices of pizza on the plate. ", "Four pieces of pepperoni pizza on a plate."]
["The person is holding a forking and eating food.", "A delicious meal with veggie and meats to eat. ", "a man with a fork ready to eat a pizza ", "A table topped with plates of food and a pizza.", "a person at a dinner table eating salad"]
["a child on a couch using a laptop", "Boy in beanbag chair looking at macbook air.", "a little girl sits on a couch while using a laptop ", "a girl with a laptop on her lap sitting on a couch", "a little girl sits on the couch while using a laptop "]
["Large pizza covered in pepperoni, olives, peppers, onion, and mushrooms.", "Pizza with everything on it sitting on counter.  ", "A pizza with one folded edge sits inside of a box.", "A very big pizza that was just made to order.", "A whole pizza with many toppings in a pizza box."]
["A pizza and grapes sit on a tray next to a drink. ", "some thick crust pizza and some green grapes ", "a pizza sliced up on a paper plate next so some grapes ", "a plate of pizza next to a bag of grapes on a plate", "A personal pizza, grapes, and a beverage sit on a tray table."]
["Fresh pizza sits on plates, ready to be eaten.", "The pizza sits on a platter on the table.", "two plates of pizza with different toppings and a stack of white plates in the middle", "A table with a stack of plates and pizza to be served", "A large pizza on a counter with dishes stacked nearby."]
["Pizza on a wooden table being cut into slices.", "A table with a deep dish pizza that includes pepperoni.", "A fully cooked pizza that has been cut into pieces.", "A pizza and spatula sitting on a table by plates.", "A serving knife rests on a deep dish pizza on a wooden table."]
["A woman hitting a tennis ball on a court.", "A woman swinging a tennis racquet towards a tennis ball.", "A female tennis player finishes her swing after hitting the ball. ", "A woman bending slightly to hit a tennis all with a racket.", "a female in a red shirt is playing tennis"]
["A beautiful young woman eating a giant slice of cheese pizza.", "an image of a girl eating a large slice of pizza", "A person biting into a large piece of pizza", "A women eating a very large piece of pizza.", "A woman with long hair eating a slice of pizza"]
["a little girl eating pizza and playing with a fake aquarium ", "This child is sitting at a table and looking to her left.", "A young girl sitting in a food court with a bottle and plate.", "A baby girl sitting at a white table with a plate of food.", "A little girl having lunch with a thermos and pizza."]
["A pretty young lady sitting on top of a red couch.", "A woman is reading a book in a living room.", "A woman is on a couch reading a book.", "A woman sitting on a couch reading a book.", "A woman sitting on a couch with the television on."]
["A woman and a kid in a room.", "A woman sitting next to a  child while holding a smart phone.", "A woman sits on a couch with a child sitting next to her", "a women sitting next to a child on a bed", "A woman sits next to her small child who is holding pens."]
["A coffee mug sits in the corner on a counter with several items in it.", "A cup of teeth cleaning instruments and toothpaste says \"Of Course You Can\"", "A coffee cup filled with tooth paste and toothbrushes.", "a coffee mug filled with a tube of toothpaste and toothbrushes", "a mug holding two brushes and toothpaste on the counter"]
["a living room that has some furniture in it", "A large room with white, tan and green chairs and a wooden floor and a fire place.", "Nice living room with furniture all around the hardwood floor", "A living room filled with furniture in front of a fire place.", "Some sofas, chairs and tables are in a room."]
["Hotel room with shag carpet and a little table on the balcony", "A view of a living room and patio during the night.", "A living room area with a balcony that has a small sitting area.", "A room that has a door to the outside in it.", "A living room with a white sofa and rug, a picture on the wall, and a table by a window."]
["A large hotel room with a television on the wall", "A room with a bed, two chairs, desk, television and balcony.", "Elegant hotel room with a beautiful balcony landscape.", "The large room has a bed, two chairs, and a desk in it.", "a bed room with a bed a tv and a desk"]
["An empty room with a table, a desk, and chairs.", "an offuce full of chairs and some tables", "A room with a large window that is fully furnished.", "A living room filled with furniture and a framed poster on it's wall.", "Several chairs and tables are in a bright room."]
["A living room filled with lots of furniture.", "A very big nice looking room with pretty furniture.", "A couch and a chair in a room.", "a room with a bed and a couch in it", "A large room that doubles as living room and bedroom "]
["Soccer players in uniform stand on a playing field.", "Opposing soccer players look at each other during a game.", "A soccer game with a team wearing blue and a team wearing orange. ", "A group of athletes are waiting to compete on a playing field.", "The players are waiting for the next period to begin."]
["A kid that is holding a toothbrush in her hand.", "Baby running towards camera with toothbrush in hand.", "a young baby is smiling and holding a tooth brush", "A baby holding a toothbrush while smiling at the camera.", "a small boy in a white shirt is holding a yellow toothbrush"]
["A cat is sleeping on the arm of a couch.", "a cat sleeping on the arm of a sofa", "A cat is sleeping on the arm of a couch ", "A tired cat falls asleep on the arm of a chair.", "A cat laying on a couch in a room."]
["Men are playing a video game on a wii.", "a bunch of people play some video games ", "Some guys playing a video game on a big screen.", "Two guys playing a game on a game system while others look on.", "A group of people are watching television in a bar."]
["A man is holding a baby with a toothbrush in its mouth.", "a man holds a small child in his arms ", "A man holding a baby with tattoos on his arm.", "An adult holding a baby that is brushing their teeth.", "The baby is brushing his teeth with his tooth brush"]
["A couple of young girls sitting next to each other playing a game on the Nintendo Wii.", "Two young girls play video games next to each other.", "an image  of two girls that are sitting in front of a tv", "Two young girls sit holding a remote control in front of a television.", "There are two little girls sitting on a table"]
["A child and an older female in the bathroom with a toothbrush.", "A woman and small child in a bathroom with a toothbrush.", "A woman is helping her child brush his teeth.", "Small child stands in front of a bathroom sink while a woman prepares a toothbrush. ", "A woman helps her child brush their teeth."]
["A man holding his song while he brushes his teeth.", "A man smiles as he holds a toddler with a toothbrush in his mouth and a tube of toothpaste in his hand.", "Man smiling while child holds a tube of toothpaste and brushes his teeth.", "A man smiles while a baby brushes his teeth.", "A man holding on to a baby who is brushing his teeth"]
["Two men standing in a living room playing video game with remotes.", "Two men playing with the Nintendo Wii in a living room.", "Two men in a living room playing games", "tree are two men in a living room playing a video game", "Two men in a living room play there wii ."]
["This is an image of man playing wii.", "guitar teacher with eyes closed gestures with hands", "A man standing with his eyes closed holding on to a Wii remote.", "A man holding a controller posing for a picture in a living room.", "A man holding a video game remote in his hand"]
["A living room filled with furniture and hard wood flooring.", "In this room a bag is in the chair and another bag is on the floor.", "A small living room has a lot of furniture in it.", "A room with a television, a desk, and some chairs.", "A den with chairs, table, lamp and television."]
["A young woman flipping the finger next to a young man.", "The boy and girl are playing a game on the wii.  ", "A young man smiles as a young woman sticks up her middle finger.", "A young man smiling while looking at a young person displaying an obscene gesture with her fingers.", "Two boys play the Nintendo Wii in a house."]
["A man sitting on a couch with a remote in hand.", "A bearded man sits on a couch with an electronic device in his hand.", "A guy with messy hair on a couch with a remote.", "One roommate playing a video game and a second emerging in the hallway with a towel", "a man standing in an archway looking at a  man sitting down"]
["A room that has a couch, chair, and table in it.", "The room has a blue couch and easy chair near three lamps. ", "A couch, a chair and some tables are in a room.", "A living room decorated in blue and yellow.", "A blue couch sitting inside of a living room."]
["a room with a desk and some book shelves in it ", "A home work space by a open window.", "A corner desk with a computer by a bright window.", "The room has a chair and desk with a computer.", "A desk nook area has a desk, a chair and a book shelf."]
["An upstairs living room is decorated nicely and holds a sewing machine.", "A sewing machine on a table in a cluttered living room.", "The living has a table where someone can do sewing on. ", "A family room with sofa, television, sewing area, and book shelves.", "A living room with a sewing machine during a sunny day."]
["A couch and a chair in a small room.", "a cozy room with leather furniture and a fireplace", "a fireplace a red couch two chairs and some lights", "A living room has plush furniture and a fireplace.", "This living room has leather furniture, a television, and a model ship on top of a fireplace. "]
["A living room/dining room area with wood furnishings.", "A living room with a wall of windows for a great view.", "A smoky living room with a large bay window.", "A darkened living room has a large window showing apartments outside of it.", "A living room with a view of a large apartment building."]
["A home office with a computer on the desk and personal items.", "A computer, headphones, eyeglasses globe and watch on a desk.", "A set of headphones sits on a notebook at a computer desk.", "A computer and it's monitor sitting upon a desk among smaller items.", "a desk with a computer, headphones. some glasses and a little globe on it "]
["A living room with chairs and a wall of windows looking to a patio.", "A room with a hardwood floor and various types of chairs and furniture in the room.", "A living area with contemporary furniture in it", "A living room with any chairs and a balcony area. ", "A room is filled with fancy furniture including a large amazon \"a\"."]
["A close up of a pile of paper clips on a home office desk.", "a close up of some paper clips ", "A pile of papers clips sitting on top of a desk.", "A pile of paper clips sitting on top of a desk.", "The computer on the desk was left on in the room."]
["I really cant see this image very well.", "An open book in front of a keyboard and monitor ", "A book is open in front of a keyboard. ", "very blurry picture of what looks like 2 open books", "Someone is taking notes or an open book test on the computer."]
["A pink doll house filled with miniature furniture.", "A room with pink walls and white display shelves and chair.", "an image of a bedroom with floral print", "a bedroom filled with pink and white cabinets", "A full view of a living room filled with pink color. "]
["A woman in a red jacket is holding a red phone.", "A pretty young woman talking on a cell phone.", "A woman wearing sunglasses while using her cell phone.", "A woman with shades talking on the telephone", "A woman engaged in a cell phone conversation."]
["A rose that is laying down on a bed.", "A made bed with a rose on top and champagne in the background.", "A white bed has a red rose in the middle of it as wine is chilling on a table.", "There is a red rose on the white bed", "The room has champagne in a bucket and a rose tied with ribbon and a note, resting on a bed.   "]
["A couple of chairs and a large bed in a room.", "a tan and white bed some chairs white pillows and a lamp", "That looks like the bed in a hotel room.", "A hotel room with a well-made bed, table,a and two chairs.", "A picture of a hotel room having just been cleaned."]
["THERE ARE A LOT OF PEOPLE WALKING AROUND WITH KITES", "a group of people at the park with some flying kites", "LOTS OF PEOPLE OUT FLYING KITES WHILE OTHERS LOOK ON", "People kite flying in a park on a sunny day", "landscape of a park with many people flying kites in the air"]
["Kite flying in the breeze on the beach.\n", "People on a beach flying a large kite.", "A man is flying a kite at a beach.", "A man flying a colorful kite with a long tail on the beach. ", "a person playing with a colorful kite on the beach"]
["A person standing in a field holding a kite.", "a man on a beach with a kite", "a man at the beach trying to fly a kite", "A person is walking with an air glider or parachute.", "A person in a large field waving a large flag."]
["A lady and a little girl are on the beach, flying a kite. ", "A woman and a young girl fly a kite while standing in water.", "A woman helping a girl fly a kite on a beach.", "A woman and a child standing in the sand.", "An adult helps a child fly a kite."]
["A colorful kite flying over a rocky hill.", "a man flies a kite over a rocky terrain ", "The vibrant colors on the kite stand out against the blue sky.", "A man flies a rainbow-colored kite over a rocky hillside.", "A person standing on a mountain side flying a kite."]
["Three dogs standing together, they all have leashes on.", "Three dogs are in the street near a man flying a kite.", "three dogs wearing leashes while waiting for their owner", "A group of three dogs sitting on a road with a man in the background", "Three dogs are tied up with leash ropes."]
["The man gives a thumbs up while standing near a kite.", "A man is standing with a huge paper airplane.", "there is a man holding a home made large kite", "a man with a very large man made kite", "A young man holds his paper airplane and about ready to go test it."]
["Three kids are trying to fly their kites.", "A group of people standing on top of a green grass field.", "Kids run to launch their kites in a school yard.", "a couple of kids play with a kite ", "Two young children trying to fly kites next to dirt road. "]
["a person kneeling on sand with a kite", "A man in white shirt sitting in sand with a kite.", "a person standing on sand next to  a kite.", "A man kneeling in the sand with a colorful kite.", "an image of a man with a kite in the sand"]
["A large group of people flying kites in a large open field.", "People fly kites at a festival on a sunny day in a field.", "a number of kites flying over a field ", "A group of people in a field flying their kites.", "A group of people are flying kites in a field."]
["A woman holding a kite in her hands in front of a woman tying her shoes.", "One person sits in the sand while another flies a kite.", "A girl flies a kite while sitting on the beach.", "A women who is flying a kite on a beach.", "A woman is kneeling down in the sand while holding a kite."]
["A family flying a kite at the beach.", "people flying a kite on the beach near a cliff", "People are on the sand watching their kite in the sky.", "A group of people on the beach flying a kite ", "Three people stand on an empty beach watching a bird in the sky."]
["People in the water and parachutes overhead.  ", "Many different sails flying over a large body of water.", "Several gliders floating on the ocean next to an island.", "dozens of kite skiers out in the ocean", "Parasails glide above the blue water of the lake."]
["A pretty young lady flying a kite in the sky.", "Woman flying a kite in the air on a single string.", "A girl flying a white rectangular kite in a sunny sky.", "A woman wearing glasses flying a small kite on a clear day.", "A woman flies a kite in the blue sky."]
["A young man holding a kite while sanding in a grassy park.", "A young person is presenting an elaborate kite to fly.", "A young boy is in the park holding a kite.", "A boy in a park holding a kite in one hand.", "A young boy holds a kite in a grassy park. "]
["A person flies a kite in a park while another watches.", "Adult watching hildren flying kites in an open field.", "Two boys watch their kites as their kites fly. ", "There are a bunch of kites being flown from this field.", "Two people watching several kites flying over a grassy field."]
["a person that is flying a kite that is sitting on the ground", "People move about a grassy field while many of them fly kites.", "a young boy sits on the grass guiding his kite ", "A person sitting on the green grass flying a kite.", "A person sitting in the grass facing a group of people."]
["a desk with a couple of computer screens on it.", "Modern workspace with dual monitors, microphones  and other electronic equipment.", "A desk has two computer monitors, a cell phone, mouse, laptop, and keyboard on it. ", "There are three computers on the desk, two of which are turned on. ", "a desk with two computer screens a keyboard a laptop a mouse and a cellphone "]
["A person flying a kite high up in the sky.", "The cloudy sky is peppered with dots of kits as a woman with black hair stands on the grass holding a string.", "A person flying a kite in a grassy field.", "A woman flying a kite on the side of a hill.", "A bunch of people flying kites while on a grassy field."]
["A field full of people and a colorful kite.", "a woman and a boy flying a kite in a park", "Children fly a colorful kite in the park", "The little boy and woman are watching the kite fly in the sky.", "Perfect weather brings people to the park for soccer and kite flying."]
["The group of people are flying their kites in the field. ", "Small child at the bottom of a grassy hill flying a blue kite.", "A woman flying a kite in a grassy field.", "A person in a field flying a kite.", "a person in the park playing with a blue kite in thesky"]
["A person that is about to fly a kite.", "A man in sunglasses holds a large red and purple kite in a grassy area.", "Man preparing a kite to fly in a green park", "Man in a large field holding onto a kite.", "A man in a field grasps onto a large kite."]
["A man and boy in grassy area with a kite.", "A man and a boy are at the park with a kite.", "A little boy and his father preparing to fly a brightly colored kit.", "an adult and a child playing with a kite", "A man and a young boy holding the strings of a kite."]
["A man flies a kite by the water side.", "The man flies a kite by the water.", "A man flying a kite in a parking lot by a lake.", "A person on the water flying a kite.", "A man flying a kite in a parking area near a lake."]
["A glass field with a few chairs and vehicles in the distance, along with people standing in the field and one kite being flow in the air.", "People flying a kite at a camp ground ", "There are people camping and flying kites in a field.", "a bunch of people at a park fly a kite ", "A group of campers flying kites outside in the rain."]
["A large crowd of people standing in the grass near a monument.", "A massive crowd of people standing around the Washington monument.", "many people cars grass trees and a white monument", "A large crowd gathers around the washington monument.", "A crowd has gathered outside of the monument to fly kites."]
["A wooden table with an umbrella over it.", "A table with an open umbrella on a deck.", "A laptop computer is on a table outside with an umbrella above it. ", "An outdoor set of chair and tables with an umbrella.", "A laptop computer sits under an open umbrella."]
["A man and child that have a kite.", "Two people are playing with a kite on a beach.", "A man and a woman flying a kite of a sandy beach.", "The man and a young person are flying a kite on the beach. ", "Man and child flying a colorful kite on the beach."]
["A tall glass vase on a balcony. ", "a clear glass with some water in it standing over a street ", "A giant shot glass is displayed in front of some houses.", "A glass vase that is sitting on a rail.", "A tall glass vase on a balcony railing."]
["A woman and child are flying a kite.", "A woman and a child are flying a kite.", "Two people flying a kite before a blue sky.", "A woman holds her son as they fly a kite.", "A woman holding a child while flying a kite."]
["Two people standing next to each other while flying a kite.", "The lady and child fly the kite high.", "Two people flying a kite in the  sky together", "Two people flying a kite in a cloudless sky.", "Two people fly a kite together high in the sky."]
["Baseball players seen playing the game through the fence. ", "a number of baseball players on a field playing", "A baseball player pitching a ball on top of a field.", "A pitcher just threw a baseball from the mound.", "A baseball pitcher throws a pitch to the batter standing at home plate."]
["A young man tossing a baseball bat on a field.", "A baseball player throwing the bat after hitting the ball ", "A baseball player reacts to hitting a ball during a game.", "A man throwing a baseball bat as he leaves home plate.", "a man throwing a bat after hitting a ball "]
["A group of young men standing around in baseball uniforms.", "A group of baseball players standing around, while some hold baseball bats.", "a group of baseball players standing in a group", "There are many baseball players gathered together here", "A team of baseball players are gathered closely together."]
["A man with a bat swings at the base.", "A baseball player swinging his bat to hit a baseball.", "A b baseball player taking a swing at a ball.", "The batter has just hit the baseball with the bat.", "A baseball player has his bat outstretched on the field."]
["Baseball on its way to a batter while a runner is on his way.", "A baseball player taking his turn at bat.", "A baseball game in progress with the ball in the air.", "A group of people playing baseball together in a field", "A batter, catcher and umpire in a baseball game."]
["A group of people on a field playing baseball.", "A kid throwing a baseball towards two coaches.\n", "A kid throws a ball to coaches at baseball practice.", "A pitcher is throwing a baseball during practice.", "a baseball player throwing a ball at a person"]
["a little boy that has a baseball bat in hand", "A woman is attempting to hit a ball with a bat. ", "The woman in the red shirt smiles while swinging a green plastic bat.", "A person in a hate is preparing to hit a ball with a green bat.", "A young woman holding a green baseball bat on a field."]
["People are sailing on a small boat in the water.", "a sailboat sails with its sails full in front of a city", "A sailboat passes in front of an oversized clock and multiple city buildings.", "A sail boat with a large Colgate Clock in the distance.", "a white sailboat with a blue green and white sail and people"]
["A batter and catcher and group in dugout during a baseball game.", "A guy starting to run to first base after hitting the ball in a baseball game.", "The men are playing a game of baseball. ", "A young boy about to run to a base after having hit a baseball.", "A baseball player starts running after hitting the ball. "]
["A baseball player standing next to home plate holding a bat.", "Batter preparing to swing at ball during major game.", "Ball being thrown to batter at a baseball game", "A stand view of a baseball player up to bat.", "Ball flies down the field towards the baseball batter ready to hit it"]
["Baseball players about to deliver hit to ball with many spectators.", "A big baseball diamond where a player is about to hit the ball", "a baseball game takes place as some people watch ", "A man that is standing in the dirt with a bat.", "A batter readies to swing at first plate"]
["A baseball player is getting ready to hit a ball.", "A man hitting a baseball with a bat.", "a man is hitting a baseball with a bat", "A baseball player wearing gray pants and a black jacket holds out a bat near a baseball that's in the air.", "This is a picture of a baseball player  hitting the ball."]
["A young man swinging a baseball bat over a base.", "a batter swings at a pitch while a catcher holds his mitt up to catch the ball", "The bat is about to make contact with the ball in this picture.", "A boy is up to bat at a baseball diamond.", "A batter swings at a pitch during a baseball game."]
["A young male baseball player is about to swing for the ball.", "A batter stands at the plate, ready to swing, as the ball approaches, and the catcher and umpire look on.", "Young baseball players on a field with a pitch being thrown", "Batter about to make contact with the ball in a baseball game", "A picture of a scene in a baseball game."]
["A young man throwing a baseball bat as he runs across a field.", "a baseball player with a black shirt and a bat", "A batter is throwing a bat and getting ready to run.", "A batter is running for first base after a hit.", "A boy in a baseball uniform runs on the diamond."]
["Baseball players in the middle of a game with a small crowd.", "A baseball player taking a swing at a ball", "A person in a baseball uniform holding a bat. ", "A baseball player hitting a ball in a game.", "a couple of kids that are playing baseball"]
["A batter at a baseball game gets ready for the pitch.", "Batter and catcher during a baseball game with people watching.", "A baseball getting ready to bat while a catcher waits behind him and people watch from benches.", "A person stands in front of an umpire with a bat.", "a man standing at home base hoping to hit a ball "]
["A baseball player swinging a baseball bat at a baseball.", "A player taking a swing at a baseball on the field", "A baseball player in an orange jersey is swinging at the ball.  ", "Woman baseball batter swinging at baseball in white pants, orange uniform top and black helmet with 3 spectators behind black chain link fence.", "A baseball player hits the ball during a swing."]
["A tennis player reacts during a match on a tennis court.", "a man standing on a tennis court while people watch him ", "A man with a tennis racket is standing on a court.", "A black man is standing ready to play tennis.", "A male tennis player on the baseline of a hard surface tennis court, with people in the stands watching him play."]
["A man and woman holding a tennis racket over another mans head.", "A group of tennis players are enjoying themselves", "A group of people standing around a tennis racquet.", "Three people on a tennis court, one with a racquet and one sitting touching anothers leg.", "a man is on the ground examining the leg of another man on a tennis court"]
["A group of friends sitting around a table eating pizza.", "People are sitting outside eating pizza from a box.", "Several children with slices of pizza in their hands.", "A group of girls eat a pizza outside at night.", "Group of people sitting at a table eating pizza out of a box. "]
["a man with a plate of pizza and drink in hand", "A man is drinking iced tea in front of a pizza.", "A man enjoying a cool beverage and a flat bread pizza", "A wooden table topped with a white plate with a  pizza.", "A person sitting at a table with a pizza on a plate."]
["Six women pose together with a couple of tennis rackets.", "A group of women sitting around each other holding racquets.", "Six women wearing tennis outfits sitting on a bench and standing with an award plaque. ", "A black and white photograph shows older women with tennis racquets. ", "A black and white photo of a ladies tennis team."]
["A man sitting at a table with two kids.", "An adult sits with three children at a table as they eat pizza. ", "Kids are sitting at a table eating pizza.", "Father and his kids eating some pepperoni pizza.", "a man in an orange shirt and three children and a laptop"]
["A lady sitting in booth with a huge pizza in front of her.", "A gigantic size pizza on a table in front of a woman. ", "A woman seated on a bench with a big pizza on the table", "A woman sitting in a booth is posing with a huge pizza.", "A giant pizza in front of a woman sitting at a booth."]
["Two people sitting behind a large pizza on a table.", "Two people who are sitting next to a pizza.", "A couple of women sitting in front of a giant pizza.", "Two girls sit close on the bench with a giant pizza on the table", "Two young ladies are sitting with a huge pizza. "]
["a female tennis player in a white top", "A women is standing with a racquet in her hand on a tennis court.", "A woman tennis player standing on the tennis court holding her racket. ", "A black and white picture of a woman playing tennis.", "A tennis player pumps her fist at a match."]
["A woman bending over while holding a racquet.", "a woman leaning over with a tennis raacket and ball", "A woman is bending over while holding a tennis racket.", "A person bending down while holding a tennis racket. ", "The woman is playing tennis on the court."]
["man on blue tennis court preparing to make serve", "A man swinging a tennis racket at a ball on a court.", "A man playing tennis on a blue tennis court.", "A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A man is playing tennis on a blue court."]
["a sausage pizza a butter knife and a black platter and plate", "A slice of pizza has been removed from the whole pie", "There is a slice taken out of the pizza", "A slice of pizza sits on a plate on a stove counter.", "A slice of a pizza is cut and sitting on a plate. "]
["The young boy is holding a tennis racquet.", "A boy wearing pants and a shirt holds a tennis racket while standing near a set of steps.", "A young boy is standing on the front porch with a tennis racket.", "A young boy holding onto a tennis racket.", "A man holding a tennis racquet in front of a house."]
["A beautiful young lady standing in front of a bathroom mirror.", "A reflection of a young girl in a mirror by a curtain", "The young woman admires herself in the bathroom mirror.", "A young lady is posing and taking a selfie.", "A girl looking at herself and her hair in a mirror."]
["A kitchen filled with lots of counter space.", "an image of a kitchen setting with counter tops", "Grey and yellow kitchen with modern appliances and island.", "A kitchen with a wooden island and wood cabinets", "A kitchen area with counter, sink and stove."]
["A desk beneath a bookshelf that has computers on it.", "A laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.", "A table with food, computer screen and lab top and papers on it.", "An open laptop in front of a monitor on a desk.", "A large desk has a bookshelf above it."]
["A person using a mouse on top of a wooden desk.", "A persons hand on a computer mouse and a keyboard.", "A hand that is on a mouse, next to a laptop.", "A hand on a computer mouse with part of a computer also showing.", "A person is using a wireless mouse with this laptop"]
["An open room with a tile floor and wooden cabinet", "A beautiful large dresser next to a small shelve set up against the wall", "The unfinished wood dresser is set up against the wall.", "A wooden cabinet and a wooden shelf next to one another.", "The armoire looks large next to the bookshelf."]
["A clock hanging from a white wall in a kitchen.", "a clock hanging on a wall next to a blue vase ", "A clock hanging on a wall next to colorful vases.", "A clock hangs on a wall near a blue vase. ", "an old clock hanging on a wall in an antique shop"]
["A kitchen scene with an oven and a stove.", "A desk with drawer on which daily use item are kept.", "A teddy bear is sitting in a cooking pot on a stove. ", "A vintage stove and washing tub on a brick floor.", "There is an old stove with old pots on the burners"]
["A refrigerator with a box sitting on top and a stove with a shelf above it that has a toy red truck and candles.", "A plastic bowl on a plastic mat on a stove next to a refrigerator.", "A black cat sits on top of the refrigerator in a kitchen", "Kitchen with a small oven stove combination and refrigerator.", "A black cat sitting on a box above a refrigerator."]
["a gray and white teddy bear with a flower on its head", "A fluffy teddy bear wears a floral head piece. ", "A stuffed animal with a flower in its hair.", "A teddy bear is sitting down wearing a bow.", "An odd looking stuffed animal with a pink flower in it's hair."]
["A bunch of stuffed bears and gift boxes in a suitcase.", "Three teddy bears are on display on a shelf.", "A chest that contains three teddy bears, a book and a wrapped gift", "Three teddy bears are sitting in a luggage box.", "Three stuffed teddy bears sitting in a suitcase with other items."]
["A woman and man standing behind a counter with a teddy bear.", "a stuffed bear is sitting in the window", "a teddy bear in front of a store", "2 patrons looking at a large teddy bear being displayed ", "Large stuffed bear sits on counter next to beverage bottle with adults in background."]
["A child sits at a table with stuffed toys.", "A little girl in a store playing with four large white Teddy bears.", "there are many stuffed animals sitting at a table", "A LITTLE GIRL AT A TABLE SURROUNDED BY FOUR BIG TEDDY BEARS.", "A lady and child at a table with some very big stuffed bears."]
["A coupe of laptop computers with a cell phone", "Two laptops sits beside each other in a cluttered room.", "A pair of laptops sitting next to each other in a room.", "Two working laptops seated side by side on a cabinet.", "Two different laptops sitting on top of a desk."]
["A gray and white cat sitting on a laptop keyboard with a photo of two people on the screen.", "a cat sitting on a laptop keyboard that happens to be on someones lap", "A cat is sitting on a laptop computer.", "The grey kitten is lying on the keyboard of a laptop. ", "A cat lays on a laptop computer, which is on a person's lap."]
["A black and white photo of two teddy bears posing near two cameras.", "The two stuffed bears are near two cameras on a bed.", "Black and white photograph of two teddy bears and two cameras.", "A black and white photo of two teddy bears sitting next to Nikon cameras.", "two teddy bears sitting next to two cameras "]
["A couple of shiney teddy bears with penises.", "Shiny, stuffed bears oddly come complete with penises. ", "Two teddy bears of different colors sitting next to each other. ", "A white and red colored shiny sex toy teddy bears.", "Two shiny bears are sitting next to each other."]
["A woman is editing a video from her laptop using 2 large television screens.", "a lady that is at a computer screen", "A young woman using a notebook computer watches television.", "Woman on laptop while large screen in on above her", "a person sitting at a desk with a laptop"]
["A woman sitting at a wooden table in front of an open laptop.", "A woman with a laptop talking to a group of women at a conference table.", "a group of ladies sitting at a table chatting.", "Lady teach a class and uses her laptop", "A woman at a table with a laptop talking."]
["Men are resting in a grassy area outside a building.", "Man with a laptop sitting a lawn with his colleagues", "Three young men sitting on a lawn while one uses a laptop.", "A group of men sitting on a lush green field.", "Men are sitting on the grass with a computer."]
["Men on phones standing in white room with lights", "some people and one male is looking at his cellphone", "Guy with cap on and cup in hand shows another whats on the phone.", "A pair of people stand and talk and play on a phone.", "A man in a red at is standing next to a man with long hair."]
["A smiling woman reclines in a chair with a newspaper.", "a woman sits on a rocking chair next to a vast", "A woman with a newspaper is sitting in a chair.", "A woman with a white shirt sits in a chair with a newspaper on her lap.", "The woman is reading the newspaper while sitting down in the chair. "]
["A child in a vehicle holding some toys.", "A young child in the back seat of a car pretends to talk on a phone.", "A little child sitting in a car seat in the back seat of a car.", "a girl in the car on the phone with something in her hand", "A small Asian child playing with toys in a car seat."]
["A funky looking clock with a bottle next to it.", "A very odd shaped but pretty style clock.", "A clock with wildly shaped numbers sitting on a table.", "A clock on the table and a wine bottle ", "A clock that looks like it has melted sitting on the edge of a shelf. "]
["An iPod and a laptop computer on a desk", "An open laptop computer rests beside an MP3 player and other items.", "A laptop computer is sitting on a desk.", "A laptop's screen is off and there is an ipod, mouse, cups, and other office supplies beside it.", "A laptop sits on a desk next to cups and an mp3 player."]
["A small bamboo plant inside of a vase.", "a case with some vegetation growing out of it sitting on a table ", "A green stem of a plant in a small pot.", "a pot with small flowers on a table ", "A small vase has a good luck plant in it."]
["A kitchen in an apartment with a wooden floor.", "A messy kitchen area showing the fridge and adjoining hallway.", "There are bags sitting on the floor in front of the stove. ", "Bags on the floor in a large kitchen. ", "Wide open kitchen area with wooden floors and small refrigerator. "]
["Three coffee mugs are in front of a microwave.", "some cups are sitting near a microwave on a table", "Three coffee mugs in front of a microwave.", "three cups that are next to a microwave", "A microwave has been heavily used and is dirty in the kitchen."]
["A coffee pot filled with tea sitting in front of a toaster oven.", "A coffee pot and a package set in front of a toaster oven.", "Ingredients sitting outside of a metal toaster oven", "A pot of tea sits in front of an open microwave.", "A pitcher full of tea sits in front of a microwave."]
["A man sitting on a chair in front of a computer.", "people sitting around a table filled with laptop and snacks ", "A man sitting back in a chair with his hand up in front of a laptop next to a woman. ", "There are people are sitting at the table eating and using their laptops", "A man and woman are sitting in front of their laptops with snacks."]
["A tree with balloons tied onto it and candles at the base of it.", "A telephone is decorated like a memorial with candles.", "A picture of stuffed animals on the street.", "The tree is covered in stuffed animals and balloons.", "A street side tree is filled with candles, teddy bears and balloons."]
["A person is taking a picture of three people with a camera.", "A man viewing a video on his smart phone.", "A person observing some people on a camera.", "A woman is holding an iPhone and trying to take a picture.", "Man holding a mobile phone up to see a picture on it."]
["A woman in her underwear next to a naked man holding cookies.", "Two people almost naked with cookies from the oven.", "Scantily clad couple in kitchen with pan of cookies.", "Half naked man and woman holding up a batch of cookies. ", "A young couple baking almost naked in the kitchen with one another. "]
["a cream colored refrigerator and a table and chairs ", "A refrigerator freezer sitting in a kitchen next to a wall.", "a refridgerator having two gallons of milk placed on top", "a fridge with some bottles on the top of it ", "A refrigerator and some chairs in a room."]
["A man is taking photo of a baby.", "A woman holding a baby while a man takes a picture of them", "A man is holding a cell phone near a woman holding a baby.", "A man taking a photo of a woman holding a baby.", "He was taking a picture with his cell phone of her holding the baby."]
["A small gold and black clock tower in a village.", "The clock tower is visible between large houses.", "Three homes and a clock tower in the background.", "Cream colored buildings with green shutters, and a tower with a clock in the distance. ", "Giant clocks place on the sides of a tower in the distance"]
["A tall clock tower being reflected in a window.", "There are different levels of the tower shown.", "An all glass building showing the reflection of another building.", "A large building with walls of glass that reflect it's surroundings.", "a very large building that is reflecting off a buliding"]
["A group of people holding cell phones and posing.", "A group of people standing in a room together.", "One guy and three ladies on their cell phones.", "A group of people with their cell phones in their hands. ", "The actors are posing in their costumes for a play."]
["A smiling, young couple snuggling cheek to cheek ", "A man snuggling up to a woman with a cell phone.", "A smiling woman pressing her head against a mans head.", "a man and woman pose for a picture ", "a man and woman are face to face for a picture."]
["A man dressed as a town fryer walking across the street using a cell phone", "a man dressed in a red jacket and tri point hat walking down the road talking on a cell phone\n", "An older man in a pirate outfit is walking down the street in a big city while talking on the phone", "a man wearing a small pirates hat walks across the street while on his cellphone", "The man is wearing a pirate hat, talking on the phone, and walking down the street."]
["Two hands holding and dialing a cellular phone.", "Someone is using their phone to send a text or play a game.", "someone is holding an iphone or an ipod", "Busy thumbs type a text message on a mobile phone.", "Hands holding a cell phone with fingers in motion."]
["A man on a cellphone near two other men.", "a group of men checking out their cell phones ", "A man in a grey jacket, a man in a long-sleeved green shirt and a man in a black coat holding their cellphones. ", "Three men stand in a group, all looking at cell phones", "an  image of a man that is holding a cell phone"]
["The woman has her cellphone strapped to her head using a rubber band. ", "A woman with a phone held to her head with a rubber band.", "A woman with a make shift cell phone head set containing a rubber band.", "A woman has yet to learn that a rubber band strapped to your head does not a hands-free headset make. ", "A woman keeps a cell phone at her right ear with a rubber band around her head."]
["A microwave oven sitting on top of  a counter.", "a microwave is on a table by a doorway", "A microwave on a counter in front of a glass sliding door.", "There are glass sliding doors and a microwave on a counter", "There are no doors in that entry way."]
["a kitchen with a small refrigerator and a microwave oven", "A microwave sitting on top of a mini fridge.", "A microwave oven sitting on top of a refrigerator in a kitchen.", "A yellow kitchen contains a small refrigerator and microwave.", "A microwave sits on top of a mini fridge. "]
["A woman looks around a very small kitchen. ", "A woman standing in an old fashioned kitchen.  ", "A woman is looking at a sink in a kitchen.", "A woman in a blue shirt standing in a small kitchen. ", "A woman wearing a dark dress stands near a dismally small kitchen."]
["a male in a gray shirt is moving a pot in the oven", "A man is preparing a pot of food in a top oven.", "A man putting a pan inside of an oven with a light on.", "A man is placing a cooking pot into an oven.", "A smiling man is next to an open oven with a pan."]
["There are refrigerators lined up to be trashed", "A bunch of trashed and old refrigerators in a dump.", "Old refrigerators await disposal as heavy machinery works in the background.", "A row of junked or abandoned refrigerators are shown outside.", "A group of abandoned refrigerators standing side by side."]
["A young boy looks in the fridge with mom and grandma", "people standing in the kitchen with the fridge door open", "A couple of women standing with a boy inside of a kitchen.", "Two woman and a boy in the kitchen with the fridge open.", "Why does everyone want to go to the refrigerator at the same time?"]
["The inside of a kitchen with different appliances", "There is an old fashioned blue refrigerator and ice chest in a kitchen.", "TEAL BLUE OLD APPLIANCES WITH BOWL OF FRUIT AND TRASH CAN", "There are matching old style freezer and fridge", "The room has two teal appliances in it."]
["A bright blue stove looks like an antique", "A blue double oven has a slightly open bottom drawer. ", "a close up of a stove with different cupboards", "An old fashion gas stove with dual ovens.", "The kitchen with green oven atop white tiled floor."]
["an old antique clock hanging on the wall ", "A large round clock sits on a dim wall.", "A large clock with roman numerals on it. ", "The inside of a building and a large clock.", "Large clock sitting on the side of a wall towards the ceiling."]
["An ornamental clock is covered in bright gold.", "a golden clock statue in a glass display box", "An ornate golden clock is exhibited in a clean room.", "An elaborately decorated and gilded mantle clock with a mechanical figure on top.", "A gold clock that is on the table."]
["A night view of a city with illuminated skyscrapers seen from across a river.", "a body of water in front of some buildings ", "A great shot of the island with the two large, lit-up buildings. ", "a few skyscraper buildings across the water at night", "View from a distance of a few tall buildings and a clock in a city at night."]
["Two kids making a smoothie in a blender.", "Two children making a milkshake in a blender. ", "Two young boys making something in a blender.", "Children mixing drinks in a blender in a kitchen.", "A young girl and boy in the kitchen preparing a drink in the blender "]
["A boy is making a blender recipe with a girl looking on.", "A boy and a girl put ingredients into a blender.", "a young boy filling a jar with something white out of a cup", "A young boy is adding ingredients to the mixture. ", "A boy is helping a girl put ingridients in the blender. "]
["Vase holding some type of flower with large pink bloom", "A vase with round pink flowers that are partly wilting.", "a pink flower in an blue designed bowl", "Two pink flowers sit in a light blue vase. ", "Pink flowers sitting in a blue vase on a wooden table"]
["The top of a building with a clock on it.", "A brown and white building has a clock up high in an alcove.", "A view of a building with a clock in its tower.", "a city clock on a very beautiful house", "A large building with a clock hanging above several bells."]
["A large clock on a wall in a building.", "A German clock on a wall with a German quote about time. ", "A metal clock on the wall of a building", "A clock on the wall shows 11:55 with the words \"IST NOCH ... ZEIT\" above it.", "A clock on the wall with German words above it."]
["A baby watches as a ping pong ball floats over a hair dryer.", "A little boy that is standing up with his hand on a hair dryer.", "there is a small baby boy playing with a white ball", "A small boy watches a ball go up in the air.", "A child testing the air flow of a hair dryer."]
["a close up of a plastic container of food", "Laptops surrounding a bowl and a cup on a table. ", "A half eaten meal in a bowl near some laptops.", "A table topped with a soft drink cup next to a bowl of salad.", "A food container and drink surrounded by Apple laptops."]
["a building with two clocks and another clock on the tower", "A stone clock tower soars into the blue sky", "A large clock and bell tower that is adjacent to a church.", "A large tall tower with a clock on top.", "We are looking at a clock tower on an old animal."]
["Closeup of a black and gold clock with blue sky in background.", "a clock on a pole with a sky background ", "A clock tower reads the time as 3:00.", "Old clock showing the time against the sky in the afternoon.", "An ornate outdoor clock with streetlamps above and below it."]
["a pole with a clock on the top of it ", "The view taken up a city street with no cars on the road.", "A clock sitting in the middle of a sidewalk.", "There is a large clock displayed on a poll in this urban area.", "a clock on a pole on a city street"]
["A wooden table with a white plate containing cake and a cup of coffee.", "A picture of a cup of coffee and a plate of cake.", "A piece of cake and a cup of coffee are sitting on plates.", "A decorative plate with a piece of cake on it", "Looking down at a cup of coffee and a piece of cake"]
["Broken stand-up clock lying on a cluttered floor.\n", "A clock in a wood box with a hanging pendulum.", "a small cock with a pendulum in the bottom part in it ", "Wooden grandfather clock with a pendulum bob at the bottom.", "A wooden grandfather clock with a pendulum bob at the bottom."]
["Two teddy bears on a couch with a pillow", "Two white teddy bears sitting next to each other on a bed covered in pillows.", "Two Teddy bears sit next to each other.", "Two teddy bears one larger than the other sit on a couch.", "The two eddy bears are leaning on the purplish pillows"]
["A shelf topped with golden clocks behind a plate of glass.", "a old looking clock in a room on a table. ", "Several ornate clocks are showcased on a shelf behind glass.", "A antique clock store with clocks for sale.", "Ornate clocks on display behind a glass case"]
["A clock tower stands above an old building.", "A stone building with a clock attached to the steeple.", "A stone building with lots of windows, lights and a clock. ", "A stone building with a clock tower is shown from a low angle.", "A large old building with a clock attached to the outside of the building."]
["A child is smiling for the camera while outside", "A young child smiles for the camera while a tall clock tower dominates behind her.", "A child is smiling next to a tower with a clock on it. ", "A girl making a face near a large clocktower", "A child on a  bench with a clock tower in the background. "]
["The thin vase on a table has flowers in it. ", "black and white image of flower buds in a vase on a table", "a vase with some flowers near a window", "A flower vase is holding a bunch of white flowers.", "A vase containing flowers is sitting on a table."]
["a person holding on to a small pair of scissors ", "A woman is opening up the blades of a small pair of scissors.", "a close up of a person doing something with their hands", "a ladies hand holding a tiny pair scissors", "A person holding an open pair of very small scissors."]
["A hand holds a collection of orange and blue scissors.", "A person his holding an assortment of blue and orange scissors.", "a person holds a bunch of scissors in their hands ", "A hand is holding a group of scissors.", "a close up of a person holding a number of scissors"]
["A small pair of scissors sitting next to a penny.", "A large pair of baby blue scissors sitting next to a  coin.", "A small pair of scissors laying next to a penny.", "The scissors are laying beside of the coinm.", "a tiny pair of scissors next to a coin"]
["A pair of red scissors on a white surface. ", "The handle on this pair of scissors is red plastic.", "The handle of the scissors are bright red.", "A pair of red scissors sitting on top of a white surface.", "A pair of bright red handled scissors are being photographed."]
["A table topped with pieces of cloth and large piece of paper.", "A white piece of paper and a pair of scissors on top of colored pieces of fabric.", "A piece of paper and some scissors on a table.", "A table with a number of fabrics in different colors. ", "A table displaying linens of assorted colors next to some scissors and paper."]
["A white poster board with scissors and pieces of cloth.", "A sheet of white paper with a pair of scissors on it", "a blank canvas with a pair of scissors", "A pair of scissors with white handles sits on a white piece of paper near several sheets of flannel.", "A large white sheet of cardboard on top of colored fabrics."]
["A child cuts pieces of pink fabric with scissors.", "A young man sitting at a table holding a piece of paper.", "A person in green shirt using scissors at a table.", "person cutting paper with scissors at a table", "A person wearing a tshirt is cutting a piece of paper using scissors"]
["a person at an office supply store holding a pair of scissors", "Scissors with a blue handle are in a plastic package. ", "Someone holding a package of scissors with multiple blades.", "A pair of scissors with multiple blades in  a package", "A pair of brand new scissors with more then one blade."]
["A woman holding a scissor close to her hair", "We are looking through a pair of opened scissors at a young woman.", "The woman is getting ready to cut her bangs with scissors.", "A woman holding a pair of scissors in front of her face.", "A woman holding a pair of scissors near her hair."]
["A little girl sitting on her dads back.", "A little girl riding on someones shoulders with her butt crack exposed.", "A man holding a girl on his shoulders looking at the ocean.", "A young child holding a teddy bear and sitting on a adults shoulders.", "a child riding on the shoulders of an adult"]
["a table top with some plates of food on it ", "Plates of partially eaten food at the table.", "Two plates of breakfast foods on a restaurant table.", "Several plates of partially eaten food with silverware.", "Two plates with food sitting on a table"]
["A group of people eat a meal at an outdoor event", "A young man is making a silly face while eating. ", "Man smiling with food and hands squeezing ketchup", "Two men at a blue table eating food that includes eggs.", "A person is smiling next to someone pouring ketchup."]
["The restaurant presents a gourmet breakfast of eggs and toast.", "A full plate of dessert, bread, and a veggie pizza. ", "A breakfast plate containing eggs, bread and french toast.", "A plate of food that includes toast, hash browns and eggs with cheese.", "A cheese omelet with toast on a plate."]
["A rectangular plate with a waffle, fork and bowl.", "A waffle is dusted with sugar beside a bowl of gravy", "A white plate covered in a waffle with a cup of syrup.", "a trey that have some pastries and a fork on it ", "a waffle on a tray with a fork and a bowl of chocolate "]
["A white table with various plates and dishes of food.", "A table is covered with many dishes of various foods.", "the table is filled with lots of different foods. ", "A hand that is holding a spoon in food.", "An individual reaching for a bowl of various vegetables."]
["A table set with place settings of food and drink.", "A glittering light is shining on a table full of food.", "A person at a table with plates of food.", "A table that has various foods on it.", "A table topped with lots of plates of food."]
["A bowl of berries sitting next to a bowl of salad.", "A table holding two bowls of food that include strawberries and salad.", "A bowl of ripe strawberries and a bowl of salad sitting on a counter top.", "A bowl of strawberries and a bowl with tossed salad on a counter top. ", "A bowl of raspberries next to a bowl of chopped salad."]
["Two people sitting at a table with bottles and glasses.", "People at wooden tables covered in beverages in frotn of a store", "Men sitting outside drinking beverages and smiling. ", "Men in sunglasses are sitting at a table smiling.", "Two men are smiling while wearing sunshades at an outdoor restaurant."]
["Two men sitting at a table with smiles on their faces.", "Two men sit at a table outside and talk.", "A couple of people sitting at a table with food.", "Two people are sitting at an outdoor table.", "Two men smile while sitting at a table outdoors."]
["A bowl of pudding sitting on top of a white plate.", "White china bowl with pudding and cinnamon on top.", "A bowl of something with a spoon it.", "A bowl of food with a spoon in it on a table.", "A bowl of cream wheat with a spoon in it and cinnamon on top."]
["A table topped with plates of food and wine glasses..", "A dinner table with three plates of gourmet hamburgers.", "a table full of restaurant food that includes gourmet hamburgers with sweet potato fries, onion rings, and dips.", "There is a bunch of plates of gourmet meals.", "Burgers, fries and onion rings served at a restaurant"]
["Two men standing next to each other in front of a table full of alcohol.", "Two men standing in front of a table of bottles and wine glasses.", "A table of products with two men standing behind it, one of whom is talking on a microphone.", "Some old men are advertising some wines to sell. ", "A man speaking into a microphone at a wine tasting event"]
["A group of people standing at a table with bottles of wine.", "A group with drinks posing for a picture.", "A group of people posing for a picture at a corporate event", "A group of people toasting with a table full of bottles in front of them", "A group of people celebrate with champagne around a table with liquor bottles."]
["A group of people standing around a table with wine on it.", "a few people that are standing by some wine bottles", "A group of people are wine tasting at a table. ", "A group of people celebrating with bottles of alcohol.", "a line of people stand behind a table with many bottles of wine as some of them sip at glasses of wine"]
["A man holding a wine glass in order to smell the wine", "A man smelling a glass of white wine. ", "A man smells his wine before drinking it at a wine tasting.", "A man drinks out of a wine glass in a public restaurant.", "A man is sniffing a glass of wine."]
["a man drinking from a glass while sitting in front of a table full of food", "A man drinks wine while sitting at a table of food.", "a man takes a drink in a restaurant.", "A man drinks wine at a small table with food.", "A man drinking wine at dinner in a restaurant"]
["People outside a building on a street with a gay crossing, girl with bicycle, and a motorcycle rider with helmut.", "a person walking with a bicycle on a city street", "A girl pushes her bike across the busy street.", "A girl waits to cross a street with her bicycle. ", "a woman walking her bike on the side of the street"]
["A woman riding a bike next to a red compact car.", "a lady riding her bike next to a red car", "The woman is riding her bike with the traffic. ", "A person on a bike riding by a car.", "A woman riding a bicycle on a street next to a car."]
["A number of people riding bicycles in a metropolitan area.", "A group of people riding bikes down a street.", "a line of bikes that have people on it", "Several bike riders are traveling up a street", "Many people riding bicycles down a busy city street."]
["A man walking down a street holding an umbrella.", "a man walking on the street using an umbrella", "A person walking across the street in a blue umbrella with white trim in a city. ", "A man that is on a sidewalk with an umbrella.", "THERE ARE PEOPLE THAT ARE WALKING ON THE STREET"]
["A young boy holding a blue surfboard in his right arm.", "A surf boarder is superimposed into a computer-generated scene.", "a little boy posing for a picture holding a surf board ", "A boy is standing with a surfboard on a beach.", "A young boy with a snowboard heading to the water."]
["Two people are on a bike together traveling down the road. ", "She is riding on the back of that motor bike.", "Group of people traveling on a busy city street. ", "a green and yellow car and two people on a scooter", "A pair of people ride on a moped on the street."]
["a road that has a bunch of bikers driving down it", "Men who are on  police motorcycles driving down the street.", "a number of people riding motorcycles on a city street ", "A large group of motorcycles driving in a parade with parade onlookers.", "A group of police officers on motorcycles in a parade."]
["A couple of bikers riding on top of motorcycles down a street.", "Two people riding on a motorcycle in the street near a gas station.", "a couple of guys riding down the road with bikes", "Two guards look at each other while riding motorcycles.", "A LARGE CROWD OF PEOPLE SITTING ON THE SIDE OF THE STREET WATCHING A PARADE"]
["A person on a red and black moped on a sidewalk. ", "An Asian man riding a motor scooter on a street", "A person on a scooter passing a blue garage.", "a man on a scooter at the top of some steps", "A man riding a motor scooter on a wet road."]
["a stainless steel tabletop covered in dinnerware in a kitchen", "a kitchen with many plates and bowls on a counter top", "Kitchen area with dishes, bowels an utensils. ", "White dishes stacked on a stainless steel counter with utensils and towels hanging over head.", "There are large stacks of kitchenware neatly arranged on the stainless stail counter."]
["A man standing next to another man as they prepare food.", "People are preparing food in a commercial kitchen.", "Two people in a butcher shop processing meat. ", "A man and women working in a butcher shop.", "Two Asian men, one of whom is preparing a large fish."]
["He was standing in the kitchen by the stove talking on the telephone.", "A man standing in a kitchen talking on a telephone.", "a man talking on a regular phone in the kitchen", "A person wearing glasses using a land line telephone. ", "A man standing alone in a small kitchen."]
["A man carefully places the food on the pan as a small crowd watches.", "A man preparing food inside of a kitchen on a table.", "A group of people watching a man assemble some food. ", "A man getting food ready while people watch.", "there is a chef making food as people watch"]
["A group of people that are standing in the grass.", "several people in a field with some tables and umbrellas playing Frisbee ", "People standing in the grass playing with a frisbee.", "A group of teens playing a game of Frisbee.", "a group of people in a field with a frisbee "]
["A red headed boy sits hugging his Black Labrador dog.", "A person sitting in the grass with a dog on their lap.", "A young man is sitting and holding his black dog.", "A black dog sitting on a mans lap on a grassy slope.", "The man is sitting in the park on the grass with his large, black dog on his lap."]
["A woman with a braid holds her dog in her lap.", "A woman sitting on a bench holding onto a dog", "A woman holds a dog on her lap. ", "A woman is sitting with a large dog in her lap.", "A woman is sitting down holding a dog in her lap."]
["A pan full of food on top of a stove.", "There is a saucepan filled with liquid on top of the stove.", "a pot of food cooking on a stove ", "A pot that is on the stove with some food in it.", "a kitchen with a pot of soup on the stove"]
["A couple of people flying kites on top of a beach.", "Some people are flying a kite at the beach.", "People standing and some sitting on the sand of a beach with a kite flying and water in the distance.", "A couple of people fly a kite on the beach.", "A couple flies a kite on a large beach."]
["A couple flying a kite at dusk on the seaside.", "two people flying a rainbow colored kite on a beach", "Man and woman standing on the beach in the process of flying a kite. ", "A couple is flying a rainbow kite on a beach.", "A couple flying a kite at the beach."]
["A kitchen with a metallic refrigerator and stove top oven.", "View of a kitchen with stainless refrigerator and black dish washer.", "A view of a kitchen shows a gas range, sink, and refrigerator.", "A modern kitchen features several appliances, including a fridge, stove, dishwasher and microwave. ", "This kitchen has wooden cabinets and silver and black appliances"]
["A black stove top oven sitting next to a window.", "A brand new black stove in a primarily white colored kitchen. ", "A kitchen with wood cabinets and a black stove and microwave.", "A kitchen has wooden cabinets and a black stove.  ", "A kitchen with a microwave over the stove and a window by the sink."]
["a dining room table that is in a room", "A kitchen with white cup boards and a brown table and chairs", "a table top sitting inside of a kitchen ", "A wooden table is sitting just outside a kitchen.", "A bright, clean, modern kitchen sports track lighting and white cabinetry. "]
["A woman in a red robe is sitting at a dining table.", "A woman in a red flowered shawl sits at a table while a man wearing jeans is in the kitchen looking at her.", "A person sits at a table and another person stands in the kitchen.", "A woman is sitting at a table wearing a robe while a man is cooking.", "Man and woman in a kitchen looking in the same direction. "]
["a kitchen with a big sink and a rack for the pots", "A kitchen sink that has pots hanging above it.", "A neat and well organized kitchen is a tool in itself.", "A kitchen with two large metal sinks under a window.", "A modern and bright kitchen with green walls."]
["A woman sitting at a table smoking cigarette.", "A woman sits smoking at the table in a mostly blue kitchen.", "A woman smoking a cigarette is seated at the table", "A woman sits at a wooden table smoking a cigarette.", "A woman sits at a kitchen table smoking a cigarette."]
["A kitchen with a stove, sink, microwave and various other items.", "This is a picture of a organized kitchen.", "A view of a kitchen with a tile backsplash", "A small kitchen with a stove and counters.", "Small kitchen with white countertop space and a small stove. "]
["A very roomy, clean kitchen in green and white tile. ", "A kitchen with tiled floors and counter tops", "Functional tiled white and green kitchen with sink and stove.", "A kitchen with lots of white counter space.", "A kitchen with tiles counters and a stove."]
["A couple of girls are standing in a kitchen", "Ladies standing in a kitchen posing for the camera.", "Two women preparing a meal in a modern kitchen", "There are two woman smiling in the kitchen", "Two happy women smiling together in a kitchen."]
["A narrow kitchen with a refrigerator at the end of it.", "A small kitchen with an even smaller fridge.", "A long narrow kitchen with small stove and refrigerator", "a narrow kitchen with a white fridge at the end", "A skinny kitchen with a visible fridge, microwave and sink."]
["a kitchen with a sink a shelf and a chair", "an all white kitchen with a sink and stove ", "A kitchen with a shelf, cabinets, a sink and stove. ", "A home kitchen with a door leading to the living room", "A narrow kitchen with beams in the ceiling leads to a family room"]
["The silver refrigerator is across the kitchen from a black stove.", "An empty kitchen in a house with sunlight coming through.", "A kitchen with a stove, sink, and fridge.", "A clean kitchen with a sink, stove, and refridgerator. ", "View of new, unused home kitchen with ample counter space and cabinets."]
["Small woman with a cooking apron around her waste reaching into the oven and pulling out a plate of food.", "A women who is taking something out of an oven.", "A person holding a plate of food next to an open oven", "A woman leaning over an open over door, holding a towel and a dish.", "A woman crouches to remove a dish from an oven."]
["A group of people that are gathered around a table.", "A crowd of young people in a kitchen at a table", "A number a girls around a table while one girl pour a mixture into a pan. ", "A classroom is gathered around a lady about to bake cupcakes ", "A group of people are being social around a table. "]
["A man watches a giraffe eating from a tree. ", "too dark I can't see the image here.", "The back of a man looking at an adult giraff.", "A man sitting in a chair watching a giraffe eat.", "A man sitting in a chair in a field next to a giraffe."]
["A boat is parked alongside a row of parked bicycles.", "a red barge is floating in a duck filled river", "a bunch of bikes lined up along the river", "A large red shit sitting next to a row of bikes.", "A large barge docked next to a long bike parking area."]
["A cyclist and bus splash past one another on the street.", "A bus and a bicyclist driving through a large puddle.", "A bus riding through a puddle of water near a man on a bicycle with a poncho on. ", "A street full of water with a bus and a bike rider traveling through the water", "A person with a rain jacket on their bike."]
["People standing and sitting around at a pier", "People are walking and sitting near a body of water. ", "A city pier with benches to enjoy the view", "People sitting on benches and walking along a water front.", "A group of people hanging out next to the ocean."]
["A lucky bamboo plant in the window of a small bathroom.", "Small white bathroom with a sink, shower, and small window. ", "A bathroom with a plant and vase in window.", "A pristine white bath room with a pedestal sink, black and white tile and a window at the far end", "A small, white bathroom has a bamboo plant, a single sink and a shower with a shower curtain."]
["An old, dirty, grubby tub, sink and toiled is in a dirty, old room.", "A very dirty bathroom with bathtub sink and window.", "The bathroom has been demolished, and still required renovation.", "A dirty bathtub that is inside of a bathroom.", "A dirty bathtub sits in a bathroom with a big window on the side. "]
["A white toilet sitting next to a white sink in a bathroom.", "A bathroom is shown with a toilet, sink and bathtub.", "A white bathroom is in need of a good cleaning and new spot to hang toilet paper.", "The toilet is sitting with the toilet cover open, and a mop next to it.", "Small toilet with the seat up next to a shower and sink. "]
["A view of a bathroom with an old tub and a hanging shower curtain.", "A very small bathroom with a green tub and sink.", "A bathroom with a green tub and a white curtain.", "A bathroom with a curtain and green bathtub.", "A bathroom with a mint green tub and sink, filled with various personal items."]
["A hot tub sitting under a window in a room.", "An object is seen here in this unique image.\n", "a big deep tub sits in a bathroom ", "A large light blue bathtub near a window with several bottles stacked on the edge.", "A bathroom has a large teal tub that takes up the entire room."]
[" A bathroom with a toilet, sink, counter and large mirror", "A picture of a very clean and tidy modern looking bathroom. ", "The door leading to a bathroom is open.", "a bathroom in a hotel room with the door open ", "An open door reveals a toilet and a bathroom counter and shower."]
["A cat sitting behind a white toilet next to a rug.", "A CAT IS SITTING NEAR A TOILET SEAT", "A cat is peering out from behind a toilet.", "Small grey and white cat sticking its head out from behind a toilet. ", "gray and white cat hiding underneath a toilet"]
["A man standing in front of a mirror shaving", "A man with no reflection as he shaves", "A man shaving his face in a bathroom mirror above a sink.", "Picture of man shaving but mirror looks headless.", "A man in a blue shirt shaving his face."]
["A man sees a double reflection in his mirror.", "A man with black hair looks in the mirror while holding a toothbrush.", "A man looking into a mirror holding a tooth brush.", "A young boy making a silly face in the mirror with a toothbrush in hand.", "a man taking a selfie as he brushes his teeth in the bathroom"]
["A bathroom with a blue toilet next to a sink", "A bathroom with a toilet, sink, mirror, and toiletries.", "A small tiled bathroom with a sink and a toilet with the tank high above the toilet.", "Tiny toilet with an elevated tank next to a small sink", "A bathroom with the color scheme of orange and white."]
["A toilet sitting next to a bathroom counter.", "A bathroom sink complete with a sink, shower and toilet.", "Remodeling the bathroom with white tiles on the wall.", "A bathroom has a glass sliding shower door.", "A bathroom with a white wall and toilet."]
["A toilet is sitting in an empty bathroom with a shower.", "A clean and naturally lit bathroom with a walk-in shower.", "A residential bathroom with tan floor tiles and a single window.", "A doorway leading to a tiled bathroom with white appliances", "Sunshine streams through a small room and lights up a toilet."]
["A white sink and shower in a small bathroom.", "A bathroom containing a mirror, sink and shower.", "a bathroom that is stylish with a walk in shower", "A sink, mirror and shower in a bathroom.", "A bathroom with mirrors, a sink and railing with a towel draped over it"]
["A white bathroom sink sitting next to a toilet.", "a sink sits in a bathroom with a tiled floor ", "A bathroom with a sink and empty shelves.", "A brightly lit bathroom with busy tile has a large sink.", "The bathroom includes an extra long sized sink."]
["A walk in shower next to a white sink.", "A blue tiled bathroom is shown with a blue curtain.", "a blue tiled bathroom with a stand alone shower.", "A very blue tiled shower and sink in a newly decorated bathroom. ", "a blue bathroom with a shower and a sink"]
["A bathroom with a shower and a sink.", "a small bathroom with a walk in shower ", "A small bathroom with a sink and a stand-up shower.", "A glass enclosed corner shower sitting next to a pedestal sink.", "A white sink and shower in a room."]
["An empty narrow bathroom with the sink outside of the door.", "A bathroom with a mirror, and paper towel dispenser.", "A white sink and mirror in a room.", "A photo of a public bathroom with a hallway leading outside", "A bathroom sink has a mirror above it with towel and soap dispensers."]
["Tub and shower on platform in modern tiled bathroom.", "A bathroom with a shower combination tub and sink.", "A  tiled bathroom with a sink, shower, and tub.", "A modernized full bathroom with several small LEDs.", "A bathroom with a sink and a tub and a minimal, modern style design."]
["A bathroom with a toilet, towel rack and a tub in it. ", "a black and white tub in a home bathroom", "Interior of bathroom with tub and sliding glass divider and dark tile.", "A dark bathroom with a white bathtub and a white toilet.", "A bathroom that has white towels in a rack over the tub."]
["Bathroom with wood trim and toiletries with window", "A bathroom with a tub, toilet and mirror is shown.", "A large bathroom with sink, toilet, tub and shower.", "Very neat and clean bathroom with white and hardwood colors", "A bathroom showing a toilet, sink and shower and tub."]
["A clean bathroom is seen in this image.", "There are two sinks and a toilet in the bathroom.", "A bathroom with two sinks, a toilet, and shower.", "Bathroom with two sinks, one toilet and one shower.", "a bath room with two sinks and mirrors "]
["A white toilet sitting on top of a wood floor in a bathroom.", "A white toilet in a white bathroom seen partially through glass.", "a nice toilet site right beside the shoer in a bathroom", "A modern bathroom features a shower as well as a toilet. ", "This bathroom has a toilet, a metal spiral towel rack, an a shower with a glass door. "]
["a bath room with a toilet a bath tub and curtains", "The small bathroom has brown tile on the shower walls and floor.", "A bathroom with brown tile and a white shower curtain.", "A bathroom with a sink, toilet and shower with curtain.", "A washroom having toilet,bathtub.In between is a partition by curtain."]
["A tiled bathroom containing a vanity sink, toilet and bathtub.", "a bath room with a toilet a bath tub and a sink", "There is a bathroom with a toilet and tub.", "A white toilet and bath in a room.", "A white bathtub sitting next to a  toilet."]
["A shower door with a white towel hanging from it.", "A towels hanging from a towels rack outside a shower.", "A white towel hanging on a glass shower door.", "A white towel hanging on a glass shower door.", "A frameless glass shower door with a white towel hanging from the handle. "]
["A shower has a removable shower head and a glass door.", "Shower head in Bathroom with beige colored wall.", "A large shower with hanging faucet and hose", "A shower that has a detachable attachment. ", "A bathroom with a see through glass shower"]
["A very rusty old car near some pretty flowers.", "A view of an old automobile, flower bush and a yellow fire hydrant. ", "The older car is parked on the side of the road. ", "A fire hydrant in a clump of flowering bushes.", "A car is parked in front of a building.There is a water hydrant at the side of the road and flower plants behind water hydrant."]
["A nice shower has a glass enclosure and sliding door", " WHITE BATH TUB, WITH TOWEL HANGING OVER THE SIDE", "Renovated bathroom's walk in shower and bath tub", "A bathroom with a tub set against full-length mirror walls.", "A white bath tub sits empty in a tan, clean bathroom. "]
["A clean bathroom is pictured in this image.", "A bathroom counter with a white sink inside of it.", "a bathroom with a black counter and a big mirror", "A black topped sink and mirror in a bathroom.", "A motel style bathroom vanity, sink, mirror and toilet."]
["A small blue and white bathroom with a toiler and sink.", "A bathroom with a toilet next to a white sink.", "A small bathroom with a pedestal sink and toilet.", "A bathroom with a toilet, sink and shelves.", "A bathroom with a toilet and a sink."]
["A white urinal in a small red tiled bathroom.", "A bathroom with a red and black tiled wall next to urinal.", "A white urinal mounted to a wall in a restroom.", "this bathroom has a urinal and red and black tiles", "The corner of a bathroom with a urinal on the tiled wall."]
["A bathroom sink sitting underneath a mirror mounted on it's wall.", "A BATHROOM WITH A MIRROR AND A SINK", "A pink and green dated bathroom still has flair.", "A bathroom with a pink sink and blue tiles.", "A bathroom scene with focus on the sink."]
["A small white car with a small white dog riding in it.", "A parked white car with and open door and a dog inside.", "A dog sits in a white car with the door open.", "a little white car that has a dog in it", "there is a dog that is sitting in a car"]
["An adorable dog looking out the side of a car door window.", "a close up of a dog in a car window", "A small dog is peeping out of car window on the road.", "No image is displaying for this image description.", "A Pekinese dog looking out a window wearing a yellow leash."]
["A teddy bear is seen looking out the window.", "A teddy bear sits in a blue car.", "A window reflecting a giant yellow teddy bear.", "Small stuffed bear near dashboard of blue motor vehicle.", "The teddy bear was left in the car over night."]
["A person on a motor bike and a car on the street.", "A man in the city riding a motorcycle in traffic without a helmet. ", "A person on a motorcycle with a large back wheel riding on a street.", "A man riding on the back of a motorcycle behind a red car.", "A group of cars driving through an intersection."]
["a brick clock tower in the middle of a street", "There is a small tower in the center of a sidewalk ", "A clocktower that is on the sidewalk alongside a street is showing four twenty as the time. ", "Clock tower in middle of town made of brick and painted whote.", "A clock tower stands on the side of two streets. "]
["A cat crawling into a white toilet seat.", "a white and black cat inside of a toilet", "a black and white cat sticking its head in a toilet bowl", "A black and white cat sticking it's head inside of a toilet.", "a cat putting its head in a toilet pit"]
["This room has a wall with a mural on it.", "A toilet next to a wall painted with trees. ", "the toilet in this bathroom is in disrepair", "A toilet with no service sits in a room with a wall painted with palm trees.", "A living area with a painting of palm trees and a toilet."]
["A bathroom with an odd shaped toilet next to a shower.", "A simple bathroom with a toilet and shower.", "a toilet with a shower near by with tiled walls", "Buckets are in the corner of a bathroom with white tiled walls.", "A bathroom with a toilet and a shower with no stall."]
["A white toilet seat in some lavatory somewhere.", "A small bathroom with a toilet and a shower stall.", "The interior of an airplane bathroom with toilet.", "A open toilet in a very small room.", "a small bathroom with a toilet and a trash can"]
["A public restroom with a  garbage can and shower hose", "A toilet in a stall with the toilet seat up.", "A white toilet in a restroom next to a small trash can.", "An empty bathroom stall with toilet and trash can.", "A toilet with an odd lever on it and a water hose next to it."]
["a small toilet stall with a toilet brush and 3 rolls of toilet paper ", "A clean, European toilet with toilet paper and cleaning brush.", "A public toilet stall with toilet paper and a cleaning brush.", "An empty, clean toilet stall with a stack of toilet paper.", "There is a white toilet in a very narrow bathroom."]
["A dog sitting in the sidecar of a motorcycle.", "A yellow dog sits in a sidecar attached to a motorcycle.", "A dog sitting in a seat on a motorcycle.", "A large brown dog sitting in the side car of a motorcycle.", "A dog sits in the black sidecar of a motorcycle."]
["a toilet a toilet paper roll and a newspaper", "A toilet paper dispenser with an empty tube and a newspaper stuffed behind it", "A close up in the bathroom with newspaper instead of toilet paper.\n", "There is newspaper in the spot where the toilet paper should be.", "A dirty public washroom with a newspaper near the toilet roll."]
["A women holding up a very large pair of scissors .", "A woman is holding a giant pair of scissors.", "a woman with eye glasses holding a giant pair od scissors", "A lady holding a large pair of scissors.", "A woman holds a giant pair of scissors. "]
["A cruiser bike in line with others at a biker gathering", "A red motorcycle parked next to other motorcycles", "Motor cycles parked in a lot near a building.", "A red motorcycle parked with other motorcycles in front a building.", "A red motorcycle parked with others in a parking lot."]
["A big teddy bear on a black motorcycle. ", "A large stuffed bear takes up the back seat of a motorcycle.", "A bear waits for the bikes owner to get back to take a ride. ", "A parked motorcycle with a large stuffed animal on it.", "A huge teddy bear sitting on a parked motorcycle. "]
["A biplane flying over a small church with a steeple.", "An airplane flies past a building with a steeple.", "A black and white photo of a small plane.", "An airplane flying low and in front of a church", "A low flying pane lands in the UK"]
["A building tower has two clocks on it. ", "A SUPER LARGE CLOCK TOWER ON A CHURCH HAS THE MOON BEHIND IT", "Clock tower of old cathedral with full moon emerging on side.", "A very tall brick clock tower with a clock on each of it's sides.", "A couple of clocks that are on the side of a building."]
["A pan filled with veggies and a block of butter.", "Butter or cheese on top of some vegetables in a pan.", "Spoon in a bowl of chopped vegetables with butter", "A pan with butter and other ingredients for a dish.", "Pot with variety of chopped vegetables, big chunk of butter and spoon."]
["A couple of red motorcycles parked in front of a building.", "Cars and bikes are sitting outside of a storefront.", "Motorcycles and cars are parked outside of an old building.", "A car with its doors open on a street in the city with motorcycles parked on it. ", "A car with doors open sitting in front of  a group of motorcycles."]
["A citizen stands pointing to a Police motorcycle as the cop looks on. ", "A man standing beside a police motorcycle with the cop", "A man gesturing next to a police motorcycle with a police officer nearby.", "A man pointing at a police motorcycle  and officer", "a man standing by a police motorcycle with a policeman"]
["a motorcycle on the back of a truck with a fence in the background", "A motorcycle being transported by a car. ", "A motorcycle tied down to a trailer on the road.", "A motorcycle parked on the trailer behind a truck.", "A blue motorcycle strapped onto a vehicle trailer."]
["A view of a building with two clocks on it. ", "A view of a church's roof top between some trees.", "A clock is shown at the top of a building.", "A clock tower with a steeple rises above shingled roofs.", "A large tall building with a clock on the top."]
["a pointed clock tower of an investment building", "A clock tower is shown above a building. ", "An \"Investments\" building with a clock tower above it. ", "A building with a clock on top and a sign that says investments ", "A steeple on top of a building with clocks on it."]
["A white toilet sitting next to a window in a bathroom.", "A framed photo of a restroom showing a toilet next to a window,", "A clean restroom with a view of the outside.", "A photo of an organized bathroom pulls from the black window trim.", "A home bathroom with a window right by the toilet"]
["A toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a scale.", "a bath room with a toilet and a bath tub", "The weight scale is next to the toilet in the bathroom. ", "a tan toilet sitting by a mint green wall ", "An aerial view of a toilet and a tub with sliding shower doors."]
["A PINK TOILET AND A PINK BATH TUB IN THE BATHROOM", "A pink toilet and a pink bathtub in a bathroom.", "A colorful bathroom with a pink toilet and tub.", "a bathroom with a pink tub and toilet and a gray tile floor", "The bathroom has a pink tub and pink toilet."]
["A very large tower has a clock on it.", "The clock is at the base of a tall spire.", "A clock sits on the top of a tower.", "A tall, spiral-shaped building with a bright blue and white clock", "An antique clock tower rises above into the cloudy skies."]
["A clock sits at the top of the ceiling", "An ornate metal balcony with a banner hanging.", "a clock on a wall with paintings on a ceiling", "The clock has many designs and sculptures carved around it. ", "A clock and other items near the ceiling in a room"]
["A very tall building has a clock on the front of it.", "A bird flying near a clock tower in a city.", "A large church steeple with a clock on it", "A very tall clock tower next to other tall buildings.", "A large tall brick tower has a clock on top."]
["some white and blue porcelain designer toilet bowls", "Porcelain bowls inside of a museum with placards describing them.", "Pottery is displayed on a shelf in a building.", "Several similarly designed dishes are presented on platforms.", "Assorted blue and white vases sitting on top of a shelf."]
["A man works on a motorcycle inside a motorcycle repair garage", "A man in a shop working on some motorcycles.", "A mechanic assembles a custom motorcycle in his shop.", "Mechanic in the garage working on a motorcycle.", "A young man working on a fork assembly in his garage."]
["A motorcycle being held up slightly by its back tire.", "A silver motorcycle in the foreground of an area where there are other motorcycles.", "A futuristic looking gas powered motorcycle in a garage.", "A black and silver motorcycle with back wheel on a mount", "A unique motorcycle is parked in a garage."]
["A toilet in the ground next to a trash can.", "A dirty urinal in the floor of a bathroom.", "A toilet that is on the ground near a trash bin.", "A white toilet sitting on the floor next to a trash can.", "a squat down toilet with a trash can near by"]
["A toilet as is typical in Asian countries. ", "Interior of a public toilet stall in a country that squats to defecate", "Dirty toilet sitting in the middle of a room.", "There's a toilet in a bathroom with a mirror behind it.", "Bathroom with an in the floor toilet bowl."]
["A motorcycle with a red seat is on top of a stand. ", "a motorcycle with a red seat up on a red jack", "A motorcycle is raised on a jack inside a house.", "A motorcycle with red seat sits parked in a garage.", "People looking at a motorcycle that is on display. \n"]
["A large white clock tower sitting on top of a large building.", "A clock tower attached to a white building.", "The top of a cathedral tower rising from behind the main structure.", "A church steeple is portrayed against a blue sky. ", "A white church steeple with a clock, crock, and black shingles."]
["A man looks over a parked motorcycle that has an American flag on the back. ", "A man looks at a motorcycle in a parking lot", "A man standing next to a red motorcycle in a parking space.", "Man studying motorcycle very closely in parking lot", "A man looking at motorcycle in a parking lot"]
["A group of people on motorbikes ride on a path.", "A group of people on some motor bikes on a road.", "A group of people on motorcycles with grass on each side and trees.", "Motorcyclists are lined up in formation along a driveway.", "Motorcyclists riding their bikes on a hot summer day."]
["A bowl filled with food and a white spoon.", "A spoon and bowl of green pea soup and red beans with onions, carrots and cabbage.", "The soup is cooked and ready to be eaten ", "a bowl of bean soup with carrots and a spoon", "The soup in the bowl has peas, noodles, chicken, and carrots."]
["An unfinished bathroom with a boarded window and exposed pipes.", "The bathroom in this home needs to be remodeled. ", "A toilet, sink and mirror sitting in a bathroom.", "A toilet and a sink in a washroom being renovated.", "A bathroom with a toilet, sink and mirror."]
["Two magazine photos of a motorcycle and rider.", "A photograph of a man riding a dirt bike on a dirt track.", "An open book displays earlier times of motocross racing.", "a close up of an open book with a person riding a dirt bike", "A book opened to a page depicting a motor bike race."]
["a man rides a motor cycle across a field", "A book on a carpet opened to a page with motorcycles and riders.", "Open book with a magazine cover of motorcycle", "a book folds open on to an image of a person on a motorcycle", "A book containing a picture spanning two pages of a motorcycle rider."]
["there is a one way street sign under a street name sign", "A one way sign that is in front of a building.", "Street signs sitting in front of a building.", "The one way sign is in front of colorfully painted doors.", "a building with a door sitting behind a sign "]
["A motorcycle parked on the side of a road.", "A motorcycle is parked in front of a cemetary.", "a motorcycle stting by the side of the road ", "A motorcycle parked outside on the side of the road.", "a motorcycle with a blue vortex at the bottom because its by a grave yard"]
["They are standing next to some stylish motorcycles.", "Three men are standing around looking at sports motorcycles.", "A small group of men are standing around a motorcycle.", "Two men surrounding a blue motorcycle and others", "A few blue motorcycles are parked in a lot."]
["Two metal bowls filled with apples and oranges.", "A closeup of a bunch of oranges and apples", "Many whole oranges are stacked together close to apples.", "Two bowls containing produce: many oranges and a few apples", "Two bowls of oranges and apples next to a shelf."]
["A small child in pajamas is holding bananas.", "A smiling child in a blue sleeper holding two bananas and sitting on a kitchen counter.", "A young child in a blue jumpsuit holds two bananas.", "A child sitting on a counter with some bananas.", "A boy in blue pajamas holding bananas on counter."]
["The door of a public bus with a reflection of a woman's photo in the side window of the bus.", "A bus pulls up to a sidewalk and bus stop.", "A bus that is stopped on the side of the road.", "A red and white bus is on a street at night while a ad is seen in a bus window.", "A female model in an advertisement on the side of a city bus."]
["Motorcycles and helmets are parked on the sparse grass.", "Three police motorcycles sitting beside each other in the grass.", "Cop motorcycles lined up parked next to each other with the helmets on them", "Several police motorcycles that are parked next to each other.", "There white motorcycles on grassy area next to trees."]
["there are many motorcycles that are parked by each other", "a white and black parked motorcycle and some other parked bikes", "A group of motorcycles parked on the side of a road.", "A group of bikers standing next to each other on a road near a field.", "A line of motorcycles parked on a small street."]
["A man working on a motorcycle suspended in a garage.", "A man fixing a motorcycle with a hat", "A man working on a motorcycle that is hoisted in the air.", "A man working on a raised motorcycle in a garage.", "MAN WORKING ON A MOTORCYCLE IN A GARAGE"]
["A man standing next to a parked motorcycle.", "A man in a garage tinkers with a motorcycle", "Man at a cycle shop inspecting a motorcycle on a cycle lift.", "A man is working on a motorcycle in a garage.", "A guy is in a shop working on a motorcycle. "]
["A parked motorcycle sitting on a lush green field.", "A motorcycle parked in grass next to a building with cars and an airplane parked nearby.", "a black motorcycle is parked on the grass", "A motorcycle is parked at the edge of a field.", "a motorcycle parked in the grass by a factory"]
["Row of motorcycles parked at curb in outdoor area.", "A group of motorcycles parked on the side of a street near a picnic table.", "Few motorcycles parked next to each other on a parking lot. ", "A row of parked motorcycles sitting on the side of a rod.", "A line up of motorcycles sitting on their kickstands"]
["This motorcycle is parked on the side of the grass.", "A motorcycle with a side satchel compartment sitting in a parking lot.", "A black motorcycle parked on the side of a road.", "A motorcycle parked near a grassy area with a flag in the background", "A motorcycle outside parked somewhere in a park-like setting."]
["On a small stage, a stylish motorcycle sits on display.", "THERE IS A MOTOR BKE THAT IS ON DISPLAY ", "a motorcycle on a black showcase floor ", "A Triumph motorcycle in a showroom, surrounded by informational displays.", "Triumph motorcycle and informational wall signage on display at an indoor showroom. "]
["Two men sit on boxes with their motorcycle on the side of the road. ", "A pair of young men sit on a case beside a motorcycle.", "A man sits by a motorcycle on a box.", "two guys sitting on a crate near a motorcycle", "Riders rest on a travel box beside a motorcycle that appears to be packed for a long trip."]
["A police man on a motorcycle drives down the road.", "An officer on a gray motorcycle next to buildings.", "A man riding on the back of  a motorcycle down a street.", "A person on a motor bike on a street.", "A police officer riding a motorcycle down the street"]
["A large group of motorcycles that are parked in a lot.", "A parking lot with many different motor bikes.", "a big line of motorcycle that is parked on a concrete ", "a large group of motorcycles is parked in a lot", "a bunch of bikes are parked in a lot"]
["A wooden bench sitting in front of a white building.", "a green wooden bench outside of a row of white houses.", "a bench in front of a building near flowers", "A row of white houses all down the road", "A very cute green wooden bench and some very pretty flowers."]
["a painting is hanging over a television in a room", "A desk sitting against a wall that has a picture on it.", "A painting is displayed next to a chair in a room.", "A view of a desk with computer screen and a colorful painting of a house with people in striped shirts standing around.", "a room that has some furniture and a picture on it"]
["Person riding a motorcycle with someone holding a child.", "A child sits on the back of a motorcycle in heavy traffic.", "Two people sitting on a motorcycle sitting in traffic next to a bus.", "A man and a woman is on the motor bike", "A couple of people are riding a motorcycle"]
["A small private plane that is coming in for a landing.", "a gray red black and white airplane flying", "a small plane flying through a blue sky", "An airplane flying in the big blue sky. ", "A small plane flying through a blue sky."]
["A plane on a runway at a small airport.", "A plane on a runway in front of a stand of trees.", "An airplane driving down a runway at an airport.", "A white and black jet airliner on runway next to trees.", "There is a large plane on the runway for takeoff"]
["A helicopter flying through a light blue sky.", "This is a red, white, and blue helicopter with the initials LAR.", "A gray red and blue helicopter flies in a bright blue sky", "A helicopter is flying in the clear sky.", "A red and blue chopper is hovering in the blue sky."]
["An airplane close to the ground with its landing gear dropped", "a big white airplane that is in the air", "A jet airplane is coming in for a landing.", "A large airplane in the air on top of a runway taking off.", "A plane landing on a runway, in the middle of the day."]
["a white and green plane is in the sky", "a plane on air ready to land at the airport", "The green and white airplane is preparing to land.", "A plane taking off over a large field", "A airplane in the air flying south in direction."]
["A large jetliner taking off from a runway.", "AN AIR PLANE IS ABOUT TO TAKE OFF THE RUNWAY ", "An ANA airline plane taking off from an airstrip.", "A large commercial plane about to fly at the airport.", "A plane is taking off from an airport"]
["A huge airplane looks small against a wide open concrete area.", "A commercial airplane being pulled across the runway by a truck.", "A white ANA jet sits on the runway", "A small vehicle taxis a large jet down a runway.", "an airplane that is on a empty runway"]
["A plane on the runway is being led by a tow cart", "Large airplane being tugged by a small airport vehicle. ", "A large white and blue plane is at the airport.", "A commercial jet liner being taxied on runway.", "AIRPLANE AT AN AIRPORT ON THE TARMAC WITH A VEHICLE IN FRONT OF IT"]
["Airplane with vintage bus in front of air plane hangar", "A bus parked in front of an air plane.", "A bus parked in front of a private jet plain at an airport hanger.", "A green bus is parked next to a passenger jet on the run way.", "Large white airplane with a green and yellow bus next to it. "]
["An airport with large jetliners and a bus traveling on a tarmac.", "An airplane and busses are lined up at the airport.", "a group of buses driving around at the airport", "Airplanes sit at the gate as transportation vehicles move about.", "A busy runway with buses and luggage carts driving around"]
["A large jetliner sitting on top of an airport tarmac.", "A airplane that is on a tarmac behind a glass.", "at the airport showing a bus and a plane", "A view out the window of an airport terminal", "A busy landing area with planes and vehicles at an airport."]
["Planes lined up at an airport with the city skyline in the background.", "Airplanes are parked in a row at the airport", "A view of four airplane tails from inside an airport window.", "A few planes parted out on the runway at their gates", "A bunch of airplanes lined up in a row at an airport."]
["A runway has many old-fashioned planes and helicopters. ", "A propeller plane sitting on top of a runway.", "A military cargo plane on a runway with other aircraft's.", "Several airplanes are parked  on an airport runway.", "a very old rusty looking airplane with two propellers"]
["A plane on a runway in an airport", "The huge four engine airliner is driving on the runway.", "A large blue and white airplane on a lot.", "A large jumbo jet on the runway of an airport.", "A commercial airplane on a runway at an airport."]
["A group of planes sitting on a runway, in the day.", "An outside view of airplanes and buildings at an airport.", "A view of three plane tails on an airport tarmac", "The various airplanes are waiting for repairs at the terminals.", "An airport with several planes at gates and trucks on the tarmac."]
["A large airplane flying over a city above a bird.", "An airplane flying over a high rise building while a bird flies in the distance.", "The airplane and bird are flying above the skyscraper ", "a plane is flying in the sky near some buildings", "a big plane flying through the air over some building"]
["A couple of airplanes sitting on top of a runway.", "A pair of planes parked in a small rural airfield.", "Two small planes sitting near each other on a run way.", "Two small planes are parked on the tarmac.", "Two different types of airplanes are parked on the runway. "]
["A large jetliner parked an airport near a passenger loading terminal.", "A passenger plane at the gate loading passanger", "The jet bridge from the terminal extends to the plane", "An airplane attached to the walkway for people to get on and off", "A jet airplane with the loading ramp next to it."]
["A large passenger jet sitting on top of an airport runway.", "A large commercial airplane is parked for luggage.", "An airliner is loaded passengers on the tarmac.", "Red and white plane on a runway with cars.", "a white and red jet is parked at an airport and some cars and trucks"]
["a white plane is going low to make a landing", "A large passenger jet flying over the ocean.", "A jet airplane flying low with its landing gear down.", "A plane descending out of the air to the ground.", "A plane in the process of landing at an airport."]
["a traffic light on a side walk near a street ", "A traffic light that is near a brick building.", "A red fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.", "A stone building is near the end of a road that has a streetlight. ", "A view of a city sidewalk, building, and a stop light."]
["A large jetliner flying through a cloudy gray sky.", "An airplane flying high in the air with the blue sky", "An airplane marked ANA flies against a grey sky.", "A large white and blue airplane with the word ANA painted on the side is flying in the air.", "A view of a blue and white airplane in the air. "]
["A 787 Jet Airplane sitting on a runway at an airport.", "A fence sits around a plane on a runway. ", "A WHITE AND BLUE 787 PLANE AT THE AIRPORT.", "A commercial jetliner on a runway at an airport.", "A blue and white large body plane on the runway."]
["The bench is empty at night in the park", "A park bench at night with a residential street in the background.", "A cement bench is in a creepy looking park.", "A bench near a grassy area near a parked car. ", "A park at night is shown, with an empty bench centered"]
["An airplane with its landing wheels out landing. ", "A plane that is taking off at an airport", "A man takes a picture of an airplane taking off.", "A large jet takes off from an airport runway.", "The airplane is taking off on the runway at the airport."]
["An airplane flies up into the sky with the wheel out.", "the bottom side of an air plane on take off", "a large air plane flying thru the air", "A white jet airliner with blue sky in background.", "A commercial airplane flying through the sky during the day."]
["An airplane flying in a blue sky with it's landing gear down.", "A large grey airplane flying through the sky in the daytime.  ", "A large passenger plane is flying through the sky.", "An airplane flying across a cloudless sky with landing gear down.", "A plane  photographed in the blue , cloudless sky."]
["A bright blue and white AMX jet is in the clear sky.", "A blue airplane is flying during a clear day.", "An airplane flying in a blue sky ", "A small two toned blue airplane flying. ", "A small plane is seen flying on a clear day."]
["A woman sitting on a bench with cars behind her.", "there is a woman sitting on a bench in front of cars", "a woman is sitting on a wood bench outside", "Black and white photo of a woman on a bench.", "A woman that is sitting on a wooden bench."]
["A large passenger jet flying over the top of a forest.", "A large commercial airplane is flying pretty low.", "A plane is flying in the sky over trees.", "Airplane flying low over the treeline and field beyond.", "A large airplane flies in blue skies over some pretty trees."]
["A scene of a park with a plane in the sky in the background.", "AN AIR PLANE IS LANDNG AMONGST THE CLOUDS ", "A plane lanes in the distance, behind cherry blossoms", "A variety of people walk in a park with an airplane above.", "A large passenger jet flying over a park filled with cherry trees."]
["A couple of sheep sitting on top of a lush green grass covered hill.", "There are two sheep who are sitting in a field.", "Two sheep laying in th middle of an open field.", "The two sheep are laying down in the grass.", "Two white sheep are resting in a field."]
["Two giraffe standing next to each other behind a wire fence.", "Two giraffes and a zebra standing outside during the day.", "Giraffes and zebras are in a zoo. ", "There are two giraffes in a tall fenced pen", "Giraffes and a zebra stand in their fenced-in enclosures."]
["The airplane flew across the blue skies and over the expensive beachside resort.", "A plane is flying over a building on the ocean. ", "Lone plane flying in a very blue sky with a building below.", "A beach area features a large building while in the sky a lone plane flies high above it.", "An airplane flying near the ocean and two tall buildings."]
["An airplane flying through a cloudy sky flying over the ocean..", "An airplane is flying over a beach crowded with people.", "There is an airplane flying low over a beach. ", "An airplane flying over a crowded beach ", "People on the beach look at the plane flying overhead."]
["Two women sitting on benches in an outdoor setting.", "People are sitting on park benches on a cement area.", "two women sitting on benches one with a black shirt the other blue", "A person sitting on the bench in the park", "A group of park benches occupied by people sitting on them"]
["Three men are sitting outside on a bench.", "Three older gentleman are sitting on a stone bench", "Three men sitting beside each other on a bench. ", "three men sit on a cement bench in a sidewalk", "Three elderly men are sitting on a bench."]
["A airplane that is flying in the sky.", "An airplane rising up over a row of pink tree blossoms.", "Plane ascending into atmosphere from mountains and town below", "a large air plane flying in the air ", "The plane is flying low in the air close to the purple trees."]
["A herd of sheep walking across a lush green field.", "A dog herding sheep in an outside contest.", "A large crowd watches a dog herd sheep.", "Many people are watching a sheep dog competition.", "A group of sheep being herded by a dog"]
["A giraffe eating leaves from a giant rock.", "a close up of a giraffe near a rock and a fence ", "This darkly colored giraffe is trying to find food.", "a giraffe by the fence eating some food ", "A giraffe standing near a rock in a fenced off area."]
["A traffic light hanging from the side of a wooden pole.", "a traffic light some signs a building and some flags", "Several road signs, a traffic light, and walking light on a metal pole.", "a street sign that has all kinds of signs on it", "A pole holding traffic lights and signs at an intersection. "]
["Two women sitting on a bench on an open boat.", "two women laugh while taking a ride on a boat", "Two women smile as they hug on a tour boat.", "two people seated closely together on a boat", "Two women sitting on a boat laughing with their feet up."]
["A bird is walking toward the camera beside a fence post.", "A black bird standing on ground next to a bench.", "A bird walking across a dirty and gravel area.", "A bird walks on the ground beside a park bench.", "A bird is standing on the ground near a wooden fence. "]
["A black and tan cat standing in the dirty grass. ", "A very cute cat standing in the weeds.", "A multi-colored cat with yellow eyes staring upward.", "a yellow and black stripped cat with yellow eyes", "A brown and black striped cat sitting down outdoors."]
["An airplane at the gate in an airport. ", "A large passenger jet sitting next to a loading tunnel.", "An airplane being boarded while a man loads the baggage at an airport.", "Two planes on a runway outside of an airport. ", "An airport runway containing two airplanes as they prepare to take off"]
["Several airplanes sitting on the tarmac being unloaded.", "airplanes sitting on a runway with a pole and a sign before them", "Two airplanes are parked outside of the airport. ", "Airplanes at the airport that are about to board. ", "Airplanes are lined up at the airport with a city in the background."]
["A red bench sitting below tall neon lit buildings.", "A red bench in the middle of a city street.", "a red bench and some buildings and lights", "The backs of red painted wooden benches on a city street.", "The corner of a bench that has some minor scratches and red paint."]
["A giraffe is eating from a leafy tree. ", "A giraffe putting it's head in a leafy green tree.", "a giraffe in a bush eating from tall trees", "a picture of a giraffe's head eating leaves off a tree", "The head of a Giraffe with its mouth on a tree branch."]
["A giraffe that is standing near a tree.", "A giraffe looks out above the tree line.", "A giraffe stares over the top of some leaves. ", "A close up picture of the head of a giraffe.", "a giraffe that is standing over some trees"]
["A lone giraffe stands in the middle of a grassy field.", "A giraffe standing in tall grass in front of trees.", "A giraffe in the middle of a field full of shrubs", "A giraffe is standing in the middle of the grass.", "A giraffe standing alone in a green area in the wild."]
["A green traffic light shines above a street with light traffic.", "A stop light at an intersection and the lights are green.", "The street signal light is showing two green lights.", "The green light is on for the cars to proceed", "A green traffic light with a street street sign next to it."]
["A grey and white bus parked on the grass.", "2 vintage vans parked in a grassy field", "an old vw mini van with luggage on it parked in the grass ", "A VW long van parked on wood strips on a grassy area.", "A small minibus with luggage in the overhead rack."]
["a yellow and white concrete truck next to a bus", "A bus and cement truck on street next to trees.", "A large truck and a bus on a city street.", "A cement truck is next to a city bus.", "Cement mixer and city bus stopped with traffic at a highway exit ramp light."]
["A truck and bus on a street under bridge", "A large truck and a bus on a road.", "A semi truck and a city bus on a roadway.", "A bus driving next to a large tanker truck.", "a bus and a semi on either sides of a dividend"]
["A white tanker truck driving down a street next to a bus.", "A truck, bus and cars travelling on the road. ", "Large vehicles are driving down a busy street.", "An Eighteen Wheeler Truck about to make a left turn as traffic waits.", "A busy urban street lined with billboards and crisscrossing wires. "]
["A woman sitting on a bus while holding a brown dog.", "A woman sitting on a bus next to a dog. ", "Woman in blue coat sits on commuter bus with dog.", "A woman poses for a picture with her dog on the bus.", "Woman sitting on the bus with her dog next to her in other seat"]
["A woman walks across the street as a car waits at the traffic signal.", "A person standing next to a traffic light.", "Person crossing street outside in winter with stoplight.", "A red light hangs above a snowy street", "Someone waiting for the light to change so they can walk across the street. "]
["students wait for a bus to come pick them up. ", "THERE IS A CHILD THAT IS LOOKING AT THE SCHOOL BUS ", "Young boy and girl standing outside waiting for school bus.", "two little kids going toward the school bus", "A couple of young kids standing outside of a school bus."]
["A wooden bench that is overlooking a body of water.", "A park bench with a view of a bay of water.", "a bench near a path near a body of water ", "A bench is sitting in front of the water.", "A wooden bench is in a park overlooking the water."]
["A very short van is parked with a surfboard leaning against it.", "A surfboard leans against a small red bus.", "an orange small van and a white surfboard ", "A short, parked truck has a surfboard leaned on it. ", "an odd looking red business vehicle with a surf board"]
["there is a red and a yellow bus parked under a tree", "A red and yellow bus parked while a man walks by. ", "A man that is standing on the side of a bus.", "An old fashion with a red truck with someone walking towards the front. ", "A long red bus driving down a dirt road."]
["The double decker bus is heading south through the mountainous region of California.", "a bus cross an intersection with a traffic light and a clock tower", "A double-decker bus decorated with signs is in front of a building with a clocktower", "An older double decker buss driving on a street in a town in the mountains.", "A double decker bus is driving through the city"]
["A green bus next to a shop on a small road.", "a large public transit bus in a narrow road", "Green vintage bus coming down a very narrow road.", "A green bus between buildings on a street.", "A bus parked in a street between two buildings."]
["A blonde woman standing in front of a red double decker bus.", "A lady is waiting by the street as a streetcar and ambulance approach. ", "A woman standing beside a double decker bus.", "The blonde lady looks at the passing bus followed by an ambulance.", "A WOMAN IS LOOKING DOWN A CROWDED STREET"]
["A giraffe and ostriches that are in the grass.", "Giraffes and large birds stand together in a grass field ", "this is a giraffe standing in the middle of grass", "A giraffe and two emus are in a fenced in area", "A couple of giraffes and ostriches feeding at a zoo."]
["Three people in suits posing outside of a bus", "Three people standing on a ramp near a double decker bus.", "Three people standing in front of a double decker bus.", "some people and a red blue and gray double decker bus", "a couple of people are standing on a bus"]
["A wooden bench sitting in a park covered with leaves.", "A bench sits on a brick path among leaves.", "A bench in a park surrounded by fallen leaves. ", "A wooden park bench with colorful leaves on the ground. ", "An old bench is surrounded by colorful, fallen, fall leaves."]
["A white and blue bus driving past houses on a city street.", "A metro bus picking up passengers on the side of a street.", "A bus traveling down the street, in a rural area.", "A city bus that is sitting on the road.", "A passenger bus is on the street in front of houses."]
["A red and white bus sits in front of a large, stone house.", "A tour bus sits outside an old building.", "An old red and white bus parked outside a brick building.", "An old read a white bus parked in front of an old brick building. ", "A red bus is parked outside of a building."]
["Double decker buses driving down the main road.", "A group of double decker buses traveling down the street.", "A couple of buses that are in the street.", "Double decker buses in progress down a crowded street.", "Several double decker buses driving down the road."]
["a bus pulling up to the bus stop in a city", "A bus is parked near a bus stop on a street. ", "White and blue buses parked on the side of the city road to let passengers in.", "A buss stopped at a bus stop on a city street ", "Two blue and white buses stopped at a bus stop."]
["A road in front of a shaded building on which it is written Feed Barn", "A red building with a small plant area in the front.", "A one story red building with a large yellow \"Feed Barn\" sign advertising \"backyards to stockyards.\"", "Red and yellow exterior on a small restaurant. ", "The outside of a red building on a street corner."]
["An old bus makes its way down a city street.", "Black and white bus and jeeps driving on an urban street.", "a bus getting ready to park while the road is filled with traffic", "A large old fashioned bus traveling down a small town street.", "A bus pulls toward the sidewalk behind a cyclist as a line of cars makes their way down the street on the other side."]
["Small cars move to pass around a London bus. ", "A bus and several taxis on a busy street in London. ", "Cars drive past a bus on a street.", "A red number 9 bus on a street with two black cars going in the opposite direction. ", "A red, double decked bus is on a city street as small cars pass it on the street."]
["A man fixing a traffic light while on a cherry picker.", "A man fixing a street sign on a raised up ladder.", "A man doing work on a traffic light", "A construction worker installing and performing maintenance on a traffic light.", "A man is fixing the traffic signal light "]
["A blue bus is crossing the intersection with various vehicles behind it.", "A bus traveling down a busy city street.", "An older bus drives down a busy street.", "A blue bus is traveling down a city street.", "A blue bus on the street of a busy city."]
["A double decker bus stopped at an intersection.", "A double decker bus is red and white in the city.", "A large red and white bus on a street.", "The large double decker bus is driving through traffic.", "A double deck bus traveling along a street."]
["A bus driving down a street next to a lush green forest.", "A large white bus on a city road.", "A bus traveling down a city street on a cloudy day.", "A bus that is by the side of a road.", "A bus drives down an otherwise empty road."]
["A group of people are on a safari in a vehicle and they are viewing a giraffe.", "A giraffe h bunch of people on a safari", "THERE IS A GIRAFEE THAT IS ON THE OPEN FIELD ", "A group of people watching a giraffe as they pass by on a truck.", "A giraffe walking near a tour vehicle in the grass"]
["The green and white city bus is parked a the curb.", "The city bus is pulled over to the side of the road. ", "A green and white bus parked in front of a small building.", "A gren and white bus on street next to a building.", "Green and white bus on an otherwise empty street."]
["A giraffe cocks it's head towards a noise", "A lone giraffe standing in a brush field", "Single giraffe standing amongst green shrubbery and trees", "A giraffe standing in a green grassy area.", "A tall giraffe rests amidst green grass and trees."]
["A city street scene with a green bus coming up a street, with ocean in the background.", "A green double decker bus driving up a city street", "Many cars are parked on both sides a street.", "a double deckered bus driving on a city street", "A STREET IMAGE WITH A BUS AND CARS ON IT"]
["A yellow bus is going under a bridge", "Yellow school bus on metropolitan roadway on sunny day.", "A school bus travelling on a street under a bridge. ", "Bus moving under a raised pedestrian sidewalk over traffic", "A city bus is traveling down the empty street."]
["a pair of buses going down a divided road", "a blue and white bus is driving down the street", "Two buses and cars driving down the road near trees.", "A blue and white busy driving down a street.", "Blue-and-white passenger buses next to each other on a city street. "]
["Several trams are parked with electric lines above them.", "three vintage buses parked side by side ", "Three buses are parked in a parking lot. ", "Some buses are sitting in a parking lot", "A trio of transit buses riding on a street."]
["A red and white striped bus traveling past a store.", "A long passenger bus is stationary in town near several multiple story buildings along a sidewalk.", "A striped bus travels down a city street at night.", "A bus with stripes is on the street outside of some buildings.", "White and red striped bus riding through a city at night. "]
["A bus traveling across a bridge next to a white fence.", "A bus driving over a bridge in the city. ", "A city street scene on a bridge with a bus on the road and pedestrians on the side.", "a public transit bus driving on a city bridge", "A colorful passenger bus makes it's way across the bridge, while pedestrians walk across in the pedestrian lane on the other side of the fence."]
["A double-decker bus near a waterway and a bridge. ", "A bridge over the water with boats in the water", "A double decker bus parked near an arched bridge.", "A tour bus parked in front of a bay with a bridge in the background.", "A double decker bus drives away from the water."]
["Two giraffes are standing next to each other by trees.", "Two giraffe standing next to each other near a forest.", "Two giraffes standing beside each other with tree in background.", "a close up of two giraffes with trees in the background", "Two giraffes standing in front of green trees, one with ears up and the other ears down."]
["A large long bus on a city street.", "A city bus on the street in front of buildings.", "A blue bus traveling down an incline of a busy street. ", "A city bus with full side advertisement in front of a building.", "a public transit bus on a city street "]
["A bench sitting along side of river next to tree.", "The bench is empty but the birds enjoy their alone time.", "A view of a body of water and park underneath a bridge.", "A park bench near a bridge and some water.", "a bench is out near a body of water"]
["A wooden bench in the middle of the wild.", "A wooden bench with mountains in the background.", "A bench made of metal and wood is in front of a mountainous area.", "A bench placed on top of a snowy mountain.", "A single broken bench sits in front of snow capped hills."]
["A silver rusted looking fire hydrant sitting in the middle of a walkway.", "The fire hydrant on the side of the road is rusting. ", "A silver fire hydrant on a city street.", "There is a fire hydrant on this street that is black and silver", "A fire hydrant on a brick sidewalk. "]
["A wooden bench has a company advertise on it. ", "A park bench with a picture on it.", "A wood bench with advertising on the back.", "A wooden park bench with an advertisement on the backrest.", "a park bench that is on top of some bricks"]
["A city street with a storm drain, fire hydrant, and manhole cover.", "the part of a sidewalk with a manhole, gutter and a fire hydrant", "a black and white photo of a fire hydrant a curb and fence", "A fire hydrant sitting next to a storm drain.", "A sewer that is right next to a fire hydrant."]
["A herd of sheep in an open field.", "The sheep are gathered in front of the barn.", "A herd of sheep walk across a grass field. ", "Herd of sheep standing on pasture with stone buildings in the background.", "Heard of sheep walking through the grass/field near a barn."]
["Large tree with wooden picnic bench in wilderness area", "a brown wooden table some brown grass and a green tree", "A picnic table sitting under a large green tree. ", "A large picnic table sitting beside a tree in the wilderness.", "A picnic table sits underneath a tree in the grass."]
["A group of sheep walk along a dirt path.", "Three sheep walking together following a trail. ", "Three sheep walk down a path behind a man. ", "A group of sheep walking down a pathway. ", "A group of sheep following a man down the road."]
["A couple of sheep walking across a lush green field.", "Two sheep in a field with long grass.", "Some sheep in a field near a road.", "A couple of sheep are on a grassy field.", "There are only two sheep in the grassy field. "]
["A wooden bench is under the shade of a large tree.", "A park bench on a grassy green hillside", "A solitary park bench in a grassy, hilly area, overlooking a town.", "There is a view of a bench and houses down the hill", "a bench in the shade with a view of a small town"]
["A little boy standing on one side of a fence looking at sheep inside the fence.", "A young boy points to two sheep grazing.", "A boy watching two sheep in a field.", "A young boy standing out side of a sheep pasture.", "A child stands next to a fence and watches sheep in a field."]
["a white and black fire hydrant is on a curb", "The fire hydrant is decorated with black dots.", "A fire extinguisher is on the side of the road and painted like a dalmatian.", "a close up of a fire hydrant near a building ", "A fire hydrant painted white with black dots on a street corner."]
["A scene featuring a shepard woman is juxtaposed colorful shapes", "A woman looking at a herd of sheep in a field.", "A rural scene of sheep with a modern art background.", "A vintage photograph is updated with computer art.", "an old photo of a person standing next to a group of sheep in afield"]
["A yellow fire hydrant that is missing it's top.", "A yellow fire hydrant is the focal point of this picture.", "A yellow fire hydrant is at the side of the street.", "a yellow fire hydrant that is missing its top", "The top of this yellow fire hydrant is missing."]
["Tourists with a modern articulated bus in Europe", "A man standing in front of a bus.", "A man is standing in front of a double bus.", "A man standing near an extended tour bus parked in a parking lot.", "A large and long blue bus parked next to an old man."]
["A double deck bus, with a convertible top.", "A large red bus parked on the side of the road.", "A bus parked on the side of a road in front of a building.", "A double decker sightseeing bus on a city street. ", "A red bus covered with pictures sitting on the side of the road beside a building. "]
["a man and a woman sitting on a bench in front of a building", "An elderly couple sits at the end of a cement bench.", "An older couple sits on a bench and looks at art displayed in a market stall.", "Sepia photograph of man and woman sitting on concrete bench.", "a man and woman are sitting on a bench and some drawings"]
["A double decker bus driving down a street next to a tall building.", "busy street with two buses and cars ", "two public transit buses on a city street", "A group of buses driving down a city street", "An intersection with two buses and a car"]
["The blue and white bus is travelling down the street.", "Bus riding through the street attached to wires above", "The bus is driving on the city street.", "An old bus rigged out to run on overhead electrical lines", "A blue and white city bus traveling down the street. "]
["A street scene with a double decker bus.", "A large blue double decker bus driving down a road with red brick buildings.", "A blue double decker bus is driving down the street", "a two layer bus drives through a city", "A double decker bus that is driving on the road."]
["A rusty old red fire hydrant in the weeds.", "A red fire hydrant that has overgrowing grass and weeds around it.", "A fire hydrant with wooden benches and a grill in the background.", "A close up of a fire hydrant with benches in the background.", "The fire hydrant is obscured by the rather tall weeds."]
["A giraffe eating leaves off a skinny tree. ", "a giraffe stands in front of a tree ", "A giraffe standing alone next to a small tree.", "a giraffe standing between two trees in a field", "A giraffe standing next to a tree on top of a field."]
["A bird sitting on top of a green lily pad.", "A bird is standing on a lily pad", "A blue bird walking among lily pads in the water", "A bird that is standing on a leaf in the water.", "a colorful sitting in the water with leaves around it "]
["A pack of mountain goats climbing up the side of a mountain.", "Three mountain goats standing on top of a mountain.", "Three goats walking on a grassy hillside by a mountain.", "Rams walk along the edge of a rocky mountain.", "Three rams grazing on grass in the mountains"]
["A yellow bird sitting on an oddly curved branch.", "A black and yellow bird perched on a branch.", "a colorful bird sitting on a tree branch", "A bird sits on the curved branch of a tree.", "A green bird is sitting on a branch."]
["A passenger bus that is making a turn.", "The city bus is turning the corner of the street. ", "An electric bus is driving down a city street.", "A street with man cars, people and a bus. ", "A bus is parked on a wet street"]
["A dog sits on grass next to a fire hydrant while a person holds a leash and a bag filled with dog poop", "Black and white dog sitting next to fire hydrant in urban neighborhood.", "A dog and a fire hydrant on a street.", "The dog is standing next to the yellow fire hydrant. ", "A black and white dog sitting next to a yellow fire hydrant."]
["A field with a cat and chicken next to a fence.", "A chicken and cat walk in a barnyard.", "A chick standing next to a cat on top of a field.", "A cat and a bird walking in a dirt yard.", "Chickens and a cat out on a field."]
["Two giraffes eating leaves at a watering hole. ", "Two giraffes standing among tall trees, near water.", "Two giraffes eating high leaves from in the tree.", "Two giraffes eating leaves off of a tree in an enclosure.", "Two giraffes are eating leaves from a tree."]
["A bird flying over an ocean, with a wave crashing behind it.", "a bird flying above some blue ocean water ", "A bird flying over a wave in the ocean.", "A bird of prey glides through the air high in the sky.", "a brown big bird flying over the ocean"]
["Passenger bus stationary in traffic on city street.", "A modern city commuter bus in traffic during the day", "A bus parked on the side of the road while in traffic", "a modern train is parked against the sidewalk curb", "A bus stops at a curb in a busy city street."]
["a large bus is up by the side of a curb", "A group of people loading onto a bus.", "people are getting onto a stopped City bus", "this is a bus stopping in the middle of traffic", "City bus with passengers boarding for Ballston Station."]
["A group of flamingos standing next to each other in water.", "Several flamingos standing in the water t the zoo.", "A flock of flamingos standing in the water.", "A flock of flamingos standing in a pond.", "A flock of pink flamingos standing in shallow water."]
["many different colored signs people buildings and a street", "A city street with many cars and scooters parked", "A busy city street in an Asian country with lots of traffic.", "a lot of colorful signs with writing handing on the side of some buildings", "Traffic and a cacophony of signs on an oriental city street"]
["There is something captured here in this photo.\n", "A sign is in the middle of a sidewalk tree.", "A no urinating sign is hung up outside.", "a sign on a short pole nest to some little trees ", "A no urinating sign posted outside a building."]
["a person holds a bird on its fingers ", "A parrot sitting on top of someone's fingers.", "A guy holding a white parrot inside of his hand.", "Parrot on glove of owner in darkened room", "a parrot is perched on its owners finger"]
["a blue bird sitting on someone's arm in a room ", "A colorful blue bird perched on top of a persons arms.", "there is a very bright blue parrot sitting on a hand", "A parrot standing on the arm of a person in front of a bookcase. ", "There is a blue bird sitting on the person's hand."]
["a bird with a foot on the top of a pole", "A seagull balancing itself on one leg on a post", "There is a seagull landing on  a post", "A bird landing on a cement post and a boat in the background", "A seagull on one foot, sitting on a concrete post."]
["a white seagull is standing alone on the sand", "a white bird is standing on a beach", "a seagull bends its head backwards to preen its back feathers", "A bird grooms itself on a sandy beach.", "A bird that has its wings stretched out on a beach. "]
["A street sign is posted near the two story building.", "A view of St. Ann street with a warning sign in front.", "A tall white house sitting on the side of a road.", "a green and white sign on a black pole and some buildings ", "a old building on St. Ann street "]
["Traffic mirror reflecting the intersection at Race Street.", "A cool lookign mirror on a street side curb ", "The circular mirror is near the street sign outside of a building. ", "VIEW OF THE BACKGROUND FROM A REARVIEW MIRROR", "A traffic mirror near a building on Race Street"]
["A set of four boxes filled with baby birds.", "Four boxes are filled with small baby chickens.", "Four boxes full of black and yellow chicks on table.", "a bunch of baby chickens in four boxes", "Four boxes of baby chicks sit next to each other."]
["A Street sign standing next to a palm tree.", "This intersection is the most famous in Hollywood.", "Palm tree and the intersection of Hollywood Boulevard and Vine Street.", "Palm tree at the corner of Hollywood and Vine.", "A street sign reads \"Hollywood Bl\" below a palm tree."]
["A car and a van parked side by side.", "two cars parked next to each other in a parking lot.", "some cars parked in a parking lot next to a sign", "Two cars parked in a lot with buildings in the background.", "The birds are resting on the roofs of the cars in the parking lot."]
["A semi busy street in a delightful neighborhood", "A fire hydrant next to a street sign with a cactus on it.", "A street sign near a fire hydrant on a sidewalk.", "A piece of artwork is bolted below a traffic sign.", "A street sign with graffiti on it next to a building."]
["A traffic sign in front of large trees and a building.", "A do not enter sign in front of some trees. ", "A photo of a \"no entry\" road sign and the top of a building and treetops.", "A stop stop with only a white line on it", "A do not enter sign against a background of trees."]
["A painted sign of a blue bird in a tree in the woods.", "A view of a pole with a wooden bird on top of it.", "a wood bird that is up in on some trees", "a man made blue and pink bird and a plaque ", "A picture of a bird above a sign mounted to a tree."]
["A blue and green bird perched on a branch", "A small blue bird perched on a branch.", "a blue black and white bird on a branch", "A bird with blue and green feathers sits on a branch.", "A small bird standing on a tree branch."]
["A small woman standing in front of a baby elephant.", "A person and an elephant around some trees.", "An elephant uses its trunk to paint on a canvas.", "A lady watching an elephant paint a painting.", "A woman having fun with a baby elephant"]
["Young Elephant Training Center with elephants and trainers.", "A group of people and elephants behind a wooden fence.", "Men and a lady stand with three elephants", "Men display the young elephants in training to tourists", "There are people standing next to some elephants."]
["a car driving on a road with decorations avobe", "Red paper boxes strung up across a road in Chinatown", "Decorations above a freeway during the day with a single car.", "There are orange squares hung on lines across the street.", "The town has decorated the streets for the holiday."]
["Two ducks are swimming in the water of a pond.", "Two colorful ducks swimming in pond with grassy reflection", "two cute brown  ducks are in the water.", "A colorful duck floating in the water next to another duck.", "Two different kinds of ducks swimming together on a lake."]
["Birds perched up on a tree branch next to a window.", "Two birds are sitting together on a tree limb", "Three birds perched on a branch with no leaves.  ", "several birds on perched on a old branch", "Birds are sitting on branches with no leaves."]
["A small yellow bird sits on a dried up flower near a man in a gray t-shirt.", "A bird that is sitting on top of a flowers.", "A person standing in front of a bird perched on a dead flower.", "A bird is sitting on a dead flower with a man nearby.", "A man in grey shirt next to dying flowers."]
["A group of withering flowers by a road side.", "A yellow finch is perched in a patch of dead cone flowers across from some wild lavender. ", "It looks as though everything is covered with ice and snow.", "a group of weeds with a small butterfly ", "A small bird perched on some flower on a roadside"]
["A man in an English suit and bowler riding a horse.", "A man riding on top of a brown horse while wearing a hat.", "Adult male traditionally dressed for riding on horseback.", "A man in a riding outfit on a horse", "A man in black jacket on a black horse."]
["Two women wearing hats standing near a fence.", "Two beautiful women wearing hats standing in front of a horse.", "Two women at a horse event wearing hats.", "two people in hats with a horse in the background", "Two girls at a horse race track posing for a picture."]
["A bottle sitting on a window sill next to a window.", "Someone placed a bottle of soda on the window sill.", "A bottle of juice sitting on a window sill.", "A bottle next to a windowsill with light coming through.", "Looking out a home window with power lines nearby with trees in the foreground."]
["Black and white photograph of officers on horses.", "A pair of police officers on horseback riding down a busy street.", "Two mounted police officers walking down the street.", "an image of  two men riding horses down the street", "two people riding on horses on a city street"]
["Two empty seats on a vehicle are in front of a window", "Looking out the window of some sort of transport vehicle.", "There is a picture of inside of a vechile with four seats.", "a photo of a public transit train seat near a window", "The view out the window of a passenger train."]
["An orange detour sign hanging from a metal pole under a cloudy sky.", "Red street sign with black letters sitting on metal post. ", "A street pole with an orange detour sign.", "a close up of a street sign with a sky background", "A red detour sign that is on a pole."]
["A woman is holding an perched owl above her head.", "A woman proudly holds up an owl on her gloved hand.", "A Asian girl in a pink shirt holding a tethered owl.", "a woman in a glove and a perched owl", "A smiling lady holding up a huge owl."]
["A train with passengers is standing on the track while some people are resting in the shade.", "A couple sitting on the beach under an umbrella as a trolly passes by.", "A train travelling next on tracks next to a beach. ", "SANDY BEACH, WHITE LARGE UMBRELLAS RIGHT UNDER A TOUR TRAIN COMING BY", "A red trolley passing by a group of people under umbrellas."]
["A green rail bridge spanning over the width of a river.", "Steel train bridge with \"Pembroke magdalene Fitz-Too Easy!\" writting on brige and graffati under neath. ", "Grafitti on and under a railway bridge crossing a body of water.", "There is a bridge with graffiti on it that has a train on it.  ", "A train crossing a bridge that has graffiti underneath it."]
["An empty city street surrounded by stores and shops on either side.", "Aerial view of road markings in Chinese Characters.", "A man walks down a narrow Asian street.", "an asian street with shops and signs on the buildings", "A street in a Asian community is looks empty."]
["A train is sitting beside a railroad track.", "A train sitting in the grass near train tracks and people walking by. ", "A train that is sitting beside train tracks.", "A train is parked on the old tracks surrounded by grass.", "Several train engines are lined up next to the main railroad track."]
["A green train traveling through a train yard.", "An old-fashioned train going down the tracks with lots of wires overhead.", "Train engine on a train track and releasing steam.", "An old locomotive is on the railroad tracks.", "A locomotive train spewing steam from it's engine."]
["Two bikes are chained to the pole on the street", "a couple of bikes that are standing outside", "Two bikes leaning on a one way sign. ", "There are two bikes parked on a street sign on the sidewalk.", "Two bicycles on a corner on a pole. "]
["A picture of a street sign with various posts on it.", "There is a large board next to the street that has a lot of stickers all over it.", "The back of the sign has lots of stickers on it. ", "A sign covered in lots of stickers sitting on the side of a road.", "a street sign that is covered in stickers on the back "]
["A pole with a sign explaining the traffic signs. ", "the cross walk buttons for pedestrians to use", "Cross walk sign indicating when to cross the street. ", "a white crossing sign above a yellow button", "A bunch of street signs hanging from a pole."]
["a yellow and black train is coming down the tracks", "a colorful train going down a track next to  some hills ", "A train that is sitting on a track near the dirt.", "A photo looking down at an old train going by.", "A train is traveling down train tracks outside a residential area."]
["A train sitting on some train tracks underground.", "A train that is sitting on train tracks.", "A red and white train car in a warehouse.", "A red and white train traveling through a train station.", "A red,whit,and black train inside the train station."]
["The subway train is passing under a walking bridge. ", "A caboose sitting on a track in the city along the side of the street.", "There is a train moving down the tracks.", "A commuter train parked under an overpass in an industrial area.", "A train is moving along a stretch of track."]
["View of a train coming in on the far side tracks", "A train is going down the tracks in black and white.", "Black and white picture of a train going around a curve. ", "Black and white photo of a train and switching gear.", "A black and white image of a train traveling down the tracks. "]
["a directory next to some snow covered benches", "A sign sitting on the side of a road next to a  tree.", "an electronic street sign on a snowy city street", "A city street intersection with a light snow.", "The city streets are wet from a snow storm."]
["A street sign reads \"Rue Paul St\" in the snow.", "A green street sign sitting on the side of a road.", "a big green street sign by the side of the road ", "A street sign that is pointing to Rue Paul Street.", "An interstate exit sign with an arrow going to Rue Paul Street."]
["A group of children ride on a children's train.", "A kid train going around a track at a park", "Several children ride a miniature train with a clown on it.", "A small toy train on a circular track through trees.", "A small colorful train going around its course."]
["The train travels near water with mountains in the background.", "a train moving on a snowy area and besides an ocean", "A train traveling across a snow covered hillside.", "a colorful passenger train going down a track next to a tree ", "A train is driving on the snowy tracks"]
["A city intersection at Castro street with three stoplights", "A street sign on a stoplight pole in the middle of a day.", "A bundle of overhead wires and stoplights are on Castro Street.", "A green and white street sign that reads \"Castro\".", "A sign for the Castro district among 3 lights at an intersection. "]
["A sign says fashion district near some buildings.", "A street sign with the words Fashion District, Peter Street on it.", "A sign is shown that reads Fashion District.", "The street sign is clearly visible for all of us to see.", "A street sign with the name Fashion District Peter St. in front of a large office building."]
["A stop sign on the corner of a street.", "A stop sign and street sign located at the corner of a street.", "a stop sign with a street sign above it at an insection", "A stop sign is sitting on the corner of the street.", "A stop sign stands on the side of the road."]
["It looks like there is writing on the bottom of the Stop sign.", "A stop sign is shown outside a Google facility.", "This is an item that is simple and plain. \n", "A stop sign in front of a Google building.", "A stop sign with a building with a Google logo in the background."]
["A stop sign sitting above a road barricade.", "A black and white photo of a stop sign and a bridge in the background.", "A stop sign blocks access to empty docks.", "A stop sign with several barricades on a cloudy day.", "A stop sign stands in the foreground of a skyline. "]
["A black and white picture of a stop sign.", "A black-and-white photo of a stop sign by some grass.", "A stop sign stands on a pathway near a wooded area.", "Black and white photo of a stop sign on a rural street.", "A stop sign that is in the middle of nowhere. "]
["A blue and white train on tracks with blue sky in background.", "A passenger train car parked on a siding by itself.", "a train on a train track with a sky background", "an old blue and white passenger train sitting on a track", "a train car that looks like a school bus on rails"]
["A stop sign sits in front of a brown and white house as snow lies on the ground.", "two blue and white street signs and a stop sign and a house", "A stop sign on a street near a building.", "Stop sign in front of a Canadian residence on Rue Queen St.", "A large STOP sign at the entrance to a building."]
["A stop sign next to an intersection with wide open heart beyond", "The stop sign is put up by the red flowers", "A stop sign next to a Japanese Maple tree on a street corner.", "a red stop sign is on a pole outside", "A STOP sign warns those turning onto Nicolet St to slow before they turn past the red and green foliage."]
["a red and white sign a fence grass and a building", "Sign on post displayed near fence area outdoors.", "An instructional sign is placed near a fence.", "A warning stop sign beside a wire fence.", "a red and white sign is near a fence"]
["Two benches at a light rail stop during the winter. ", "A red trolly is going down the tracks beside a blue bench in the snow.", "A train in a city passing by two back to back blue benches in the snow.", "a train passing by an empty bench in the snow", "A snowy bus top with a bench and sign."]
["A tug boat sitting in the middle of the harbor.", "Yellow tugboat sitting on water in a marina.", "An old yellow boat among the white and blue boats.", "A rusted yellow tugboats floats among other boats on the water.", "A larger boat amongst smaller ones in a harbor"]
["A close up photo of parking meter on a street. ", "Two parking meters are on top of a pole", "A parking meter sits beside a street intersection where cars are parked.", "a parking meter with two meters and both have some time on them", "Parking meters with approximately 40 minutes left on them."]
["A parking meter sitting on the side of a sidewalk.", "two parking meters on a street in front of a building with windows", "Two black parking meters standing side by side.", "a close up of a double parking meter ", "Two expired parking meters on a city street."]
["A two car train is coming around the bend.", "An electric train traveling next to its station", "A passenger train leaving a small train station.", "a green and silver train is seen riding on the rails", "An electric passenger train pulling up to a station."]
["A parking meter sitting on the side of a road.", "A meter  reader pulls behind a meter on the curb.", "a bus that is parked next to a coin meter", "A parking meter and a vehicle on a street.", "The word plague is written on a parking meter."]
["The top of a parking meter is covered with a big pile of snow.", "Two parking meters that are covered in snow.", "there are two parking meters that are covered in snow", "A parking meter has snow piled on top of it.", "A parking tole on the side of the street with snow on it "]
["A red double decker bus with a busted out window crashing into a large truck.", "A very large red two level bus touching a truck on the road.", "a double decker  bus next to a big truck", "A double decker bus and a flat bed semi in a minor accident.", "A red and black double decker bus next to a truck."]
["A picture of a window opened and something on it. ", "a window with an elephants trunk and some bushes", "There is an elephant trunk sticking out of a window.", "A elephant nose that is over a window.", "A white truck with an elephant sticking it's trunk out of  a window. "]
["An elephant sticks his trunk out the back window of a truck. ", "a creature looking out the back of a truck.", "Windows are open on the back of a truck. ", "A shipping container with a trunk hanging out of a window.", "A back of a truck with doors and two windows. "]
["An elephant with it's trunk laying on a white gate.", "An elephant in its pen sticking its trunk outside.", "An elephant locked in a stall reaching over the gate with its trunk.", "An elephant sticking his trunk on a fence", "An elephant with its trunk over the cage fence."]
["A dog is in the bed of a truck with its tongue out. ", "A dog looking at the camera as men drink and talk in the background.", "A black and brown dog with its tongue out. ", "A down sticks out it's tongue on the back of a truck.", "there is a black dog that looks like he is smiling"]
["a busy road that is next to some buildings", "A flatbed truck, bus and car in traffic on a paved road.", "a big truck rides down a city street ", "A couple cargo trucks parked outside of a few shops.", "A truck that is sitting in the street near a bus."]
["A flat bed truck traveling down the street.", "A truck with no door driving down the street", "A green truck is driving down the road", "A truck with long bed and cargo is driving with other traffic.", "A busy city area, with a large green truck, several vehicles, and people walking and riding bikes"]
["A street scene with a large truck turning a corner.", "A big truck parked on the street next to the curb.", "A truck drives through an intersection near power line. ", "A garbage truck making a turn down the street.", "A large yellow semi truck pulling a gray trailer behind it."]
["A few cows grazing on a shore near some tropical water and boats.", "Cows graze on the coast of the blue ocean.", "Three cows grazing on a hill overlooking a harbor.", "A couple of cows that are standing in the dirt.", "Three animals standing in the grass near a body of water and a boat."]
["Collage of a clay cow in a paper boat in a music sheet sky", "A stuffed animal cow riding on a  paper boat.", "A toy cow with a quarter taped on it's back.", "A little black and white toy cow sits in a paper boat.", "A cow has quarter tied to its back and is sitting in a paper boat."]
["Three black bulls in a roadway at night.", "A group of black cows with horns standing in the middle of a street.", "a couple of bulls sitting on a dirt road", "Steers on a city street at night ", "Two bulls in the middle of a street in a town."]
["cow at the waters edge wading in the water", "A BROWN AND WHITE COW STANDING NEAR THE WATER.", "A cow walks at the edge of the water.", "A cow is standing at the edge of the ocean.", "a cow walking on a beach near water"]
["A close up of a hairy white cat outside.", "A white cat with two different colored eyes.", "a fluffy white cat sitting in the front yard", "A large white fluffy cat standing in front of a house.", "A fluffy white cat has a frowning look on it's face."]
["A cat peeks its head out of curtains.", "A white cat with its head poking through and opening.", "A white fluffy cat is looking at the camera.", "A white cat that has yellow eyes looking straight ahead.", "A white cat sticking his head out through something."]
["A stuffed animal sleeping in a miniature bed under a blanket.", "A cow-doll is put to bed. Probably by the owner of the toy. ", "A toy cow in bed under a blanket. ", "A hand made cow sleeping in a tiny bed.", "A small cloth cow is underneath a blanket on a small bed"]
["A small cat standing underneath an umbrella on a table.", "a calico cat sitting under an open umbrella by a curtain", "A cat under an umbrella inside a home.", "a white cat seated under an umbrella on the floor", "Cat on hardwood floor underneath umbrella with bright lights."]
["A cat, trying on its owner's high-heeled shoes.", "A cat taking nap on top of a pair of shoes.", "The cat is lying on top of a pair of shoes.", "A cat playing with some shoes in a bedroom.", "A cat that is laying on some black shoes."]
["A white and black cat rubbing against a leg.", "A black and white cat walks near someone's legs.", "A white kitty cat with black spots snuggling against a humans leg.", "A black and white cat rubs the leg of a person wearing green shoes.", "Black and white cat standing next to leg."]
["A cow walking through the middle of a crowded sidewalk.", "A brown, black, and white cow makes its way down a crowded Indian street. ", "Cow in the middle of a street full of people.", "A cow tramples through an outdoor market place", "A cow that is walking down the sidewalk in a busy area."]
["A cow seems disfigured and injured on the beach. ", "People walk by two cows who are laid out on the beach.", "A cow laying on top of a sandy beach.", "A cow sitting down in the sand and one laying down in the sand. ", "Some cows with horns laying on a beach."]
["A brown horse standing on a dirt field.", "A bull and calf eating grass near a river.", "Some cows graze in the grass near a mountain. ", "Two cows in a field next to mountains and a river.", "Grazing animasl in sparsly vegetated natural settin near water."]
["Two orange and white kittens sleeping in a pot.", "Two kittens steep in a terra cotta pot. ", "Two orange and white cats sleep in a bowl.", "Two orange kittens curled up in a bowl together.", "Two kittens are curled up next to each other in a pot."]
["trucks on one side of a road with cars on the other side", "Construction on the side of a two lane road, with one of the lanes closed and seperated with construction cones.", "Road construction that takes up one side of the road.", "A street filled with traffic next to a field with lush green grass.", "A stretch of road that has been blocked off with cones."]
["A person on a motor bike next to a cow.", "A woman riding a motorcycle down a dirt road.", "there is a woman riding a scooter down a dirt road", "A woman on a moped, two men and animals walking down the road.", "A woman on a motorcycle is next to a man walking a dog along with other people going down a dirt road."]
["A herd of animals standing in a large field.", "A small herd of cattle are standing in a pasture.", "A group of cattle standing in a grass field.", "A herd of cow grazing in  a frosty field", "An outdoor picture of cows or horses standing in the distance."]
["An open field with cows grazing and a lake in the background.", "Cows in a pasture near a lake with mountains in the distance.", "Cattle are grazing in a pasture of long grass.", "A herd of cattle grazing on a brush covered grassy pasture.", "A large pasture with several cattle grazing on grass."]
["a rusty flatbed truck sitting by a building", "A rusted out tractor sitting in a pile of snow.", "A rusty, vintage truck cab sits near a loading dock in the snow. ", "A yellow forklift that is next to a building.", "A rusty old forklift lifts pallets in the snow."]
["A small white church sitting next to palm trees.", "A man is standing next to a motorcycle in a village.", "Long-horned cattle stand outside a small white church near a fruit vendor.", "Old cathedral with moped and cattle out front", "Two cows, a motorcycle and a man in front of a church."]
["a calico kitty sleeping in an orange chair ", "A calico cat sleeps on a red desk chair.", "a fluffy cat laying in an orange chair ", "A calico cat sleeping on an orange office chair.", "a cat laying down and resting in  a chair on a hardwood floor"]
["a black white and orange cat lying on a blue chair", "Cat enjoying a nap in blue chair in living area.", "A fluffy cat is lying on a blue chair.", "A calico cat lounges in a blue chair in a home.", "Sleepy calico cat fully occupying a soft chair."]
["A cat perched on top of a dresser.", "A cat walks along the top of a bedroom dresser.", "a cat sits on a dresser next to a rocking chair ", "Black cat standing on a blue dresser next to a chair. ", "A cat laying on top of a blue dresser near a chair."]
["Two dump trucks driving down a road past a white pick up truck.", "a big truck going in one direction and a smaller truck going in the opposite direction", "Two dump trucks driving down a two lane road with a white pick up approaching from the opposite direction.", "A truck that can transport materials driving on a highway. ", "A dump truck hauling a trailer on a highway "]
["Blue pickup truck traveling on a city street.", "A blue truck with a white top driving on the road.", "A blue ford pickup truck traveling down the street.", "The blue pick up truck with the white camper is driving down the street. ", "A blue truck that is sitting in the street."]
["An old truck with several years of paint schemes sits parked as if artwork.", "A colorful truck is shown at the dirt lot.", "An old, rusty truck is parked in a lot.", "a colorful vintage truck splattered with paint sits in a field", "an old beat up truck sitting in a scrap yard"]
["A food truck pulled up next to a person.", "People stand at the window of a red food truck.", "Two people standing at the service window of a food truck.", "Two people standing near a red and white food truck. ", "Two people standing at a food truck placing an order."]
["A wooden desk with a cat and lamp on it.", "A cat sits on top of a desk.", "A cat crouches on a desk with a lamp. ", "Striped cat begins to stand up on top of the antique desk.", "A cat getting up off on a brown desk."]
["A heavy old truck sits in the dirt.", "An old car is sitting in an empty area.", "An old truck parked on a dirt surface.", "An old truck parked in a dirty lot.", "A truck parked in a field next to a tree."]
["A police car onsite of an accident involving a truck on a freeway.", "A police car parked near the scene of an accident", "a close up of a police car at the scene of an accident", "A tanker trunk is on it's side on the side of a road near a police car.", "The truck has rolled over on to it's side."]
["A black and white cat sleeping next to a persons legs.", "A cat laying near a man with outstretched legs", "Someone sitting on their couch, with their feet up, watching television with their cat.", "A cat laying near someones feet watching tv", "Fat black and white cat laying down at a persons feet. "]
["A black cat sits in front of a TV screen.", "A cat sits in front of a TV picture of a man and a baby.", "A BLACK CAT IS SITTING IN FRONT OF THE TV", "The cat sits in front of the TV making it hard for others to see.", "A cat sitting in front of a television screen."]
["A blurred cat sitting in front of a screen.", "A black cat sitting on top of a desk.", "The black cat is sitting in front of the television set. ", "A black cat standing next to a television in room.", "A blurry picture of a black cat sitting in front of a flat screen monitor."]
["A black cat sitting in front of a desktop computer monitor.", "A cat sitting in front of a computer.", "The dark cat is near a keyboard and computer monitor.", "A cat's silhouette is visible in front of a computer monitor.", "a closeup of a cat sitting right in front of a keyboard and monitor "]
["a close up of a cat laying on a laptop", "A cat that is curled up on a laptop", "A cat resting on a green laptop during the day.", "a cat sitting on top of a laptop on a chair.", "A cat sits on top of a closed laptop. "]
["an image of a man in a boat with a dog", "A person on a rowboat with a dalmatian dog on the boat.", "a person sitting in a boat with a dalmation ", "an older person on a small boat with a dog in a body of water", "Old woman rowing a boat with a dog"]
["A black dog riding on top of a boat in the water.", "A black dog sitting on a boat in the water.", "A black dog with a red collar in a boat.", "The dog is riding in the boat on the river.", "A DOG IS ON THE BOAT LOOKING AT THE WATER"]
["many cows laying on a field of green grass", "Several black cows laying in the green grass.", "some black cattle are grazing on a green hill", "A herd of cows resting in a pasture near a large house.", "Black cows laying down in a pasture near a house."]
["Three cows standing on a lush green field.", "One black cow and two brown cows are seen through a wood fence", "Several cows in a grassy field behind a fence.", "Three cows standing in a field behind a fence.", "Three cows stand behind a fence in a field."]
["Wooden tables next to the ocean with colorful chairs.", "THERE ARE DIFFERENT COLOR CHAIRS IN THE DOCK", "a bunch of colorful tables that are outside", "Tables placed near the water with different color chairs around each.", "a patio filled with brightly colored chairs and tables "]
["A cat sleeps with its head on a laptop computer.", "A cat rests its head on a laptop. ", "a cat that is laying down on a laptop", "An orange cat asleep on a couch with it's head on a laptop", "A cat enjoying the warmth of a laptop."]
["There is a mountain behind the light house.", "Several boats docked near a lighthouse and a building.", "A tall light house towering over a harbor filled with boats.", "A body of water with some boats with a mountain in the distance.", "A BOAT IS IN THE WATER NEAR AN ISLAND"]
["A small cat laying on the ground with a remote.", "A small striped cat lies next to a remote control.", "A wide-eyed striped cat on the floor by a remote controller.", "Cat lying prone behind an upside down remote control.", "A cat laying next to a remote control on the floor."]
["Young boys in suits and ties posing for photo. ", "Two people with long hair wearing suits and ties.", "Some people are posing for a picture on set.", "Pair of classy men in nice clothing smiling at camera.", "two asian men with long hair in suits and ties "]
["A man dressed in  suit and tie holding a wine glass in his mouth. ", "A man putting something into his open mouth.", "A guy in a suit with his mouth around a wine glass.", "A man in a suit and tie holding a champagne glass in a silly way.", "A nicely dressed young man with a flower on his lapel fits a glass into his mouth."]
["Black and white photo of a man pulling a boat on a beach.", "A man that is standing in the sand next to water.", "A person on a beach and a boat in the water.", "a boat in the water with two people and another man is on the sand", "Woman standing on the beach with a large sailboat behind her. "]
["Shirts and ties displayed all over the walls.", "a display of dress shirts and ties on shelves.", "The room has a wide selection of dress shirts and ties. ", "Men's clothing of casual and business is displayed with price tags.", "A bunch of shirts and ties on display on a wall."]
["A man wearing a motorcycle helmet and a neck tie.", "The man is wearing a motorcycle helmet on his head. ", "a man in a motor cycle helmet pointing his finger ", "The man in the helmet is making a good point.", "A man with a shirt and tie, wearing sunglasses and a motorcycle helmet on his head."]
["An attractive young lady taking a selfy in front of a mirror.", "A woman taking a picture on her mirror.", "A young woman is taking pictures of a plant.", "A woman in a white shirt and black tie takes a selfie.", "A woman in a small tie takes her picture in the mirror."]
["A woman in a white dress marrying a man in front of a field.", "A man and woman exchanging wedding vows outside.", "A man and woman getting married outside. ", "A woman in a white dress holds a hand with a man in a tux.", "A woman and a man holding each others hand."]
["A man taking a photograph of himself in a security mirror. ", "A man sitting at a desk working on a computer.", "People are looking at computer and one man has a camera.", "Several men sitting at a desk with a computer while another man holds a camera upward.  ", "People sitting at computers and one person holding a camera."]
["A man wearing a shirt and tie topped with a motor cycle helmet.", "A man with a neck tie is wearing a motorcycle helmet.", "Black and white image of a man wearing a motorcycle helmet.\n", "Black and white photograph of a man wearing a helmet.", "black and white image of a man wearing a motorcycle helmet"]
["Four elephants partake in shade underneath a tree.", "A herd of elephants standing next to a tree.", "a number of cows on a field near trees", "A group of elephants cluster around the trunk of a huge acacia tree.", "A family of elephants on the plaints under a tree."]
["a man and woman in a canoe with a young child holding oars", "A man a woman and child paddle a canoe across a lake. ", "Parents taking their little one for a canoe ride on a lake", "Two people row their canoe down the river.", "A young man and a young lady row a canoe together on a sunny day."]
["A woman walking in the rain while holding an umbrella", "A person with rain coat and umbrella walking in heavy rain", "A woman using an umbrella to stay dry while walking in the rain.", "A woman walks through the rain with a raincoat and umbrella.", "A woman walking down the road in the rain with her umbrella. "]
["A black and white shot of people standing in the rain in front of a castle structure.", "People in groups walking in the rain during the daytime. ", "some people are walking on a rainy street", "The people has there umberellas up for the rain", "A black and white picture of people standing in front of an old city gate entrance."]
["A person and young girl with a frog umbrella standing next to water.", "A adult and a child on the edge of some water.", "a little child stands next to a person by a lake", "a child holding an umbrella next to an adult", "A child with green frog umbrella standing with a parent near water's edge."]
["A beautiful sandy beach with a grass umbrella next to crystal blue water.", "A white sandy beach has a chair and straw umbrella.", "Beach scene with an umbrella, chair, and other items close to the beach. ", "a chair and a palm frond umbrella sittin on a quiet beach", "a chair under a straw mat umbrella at the beach"]
["A couple of lawn chairs sitting on top of a beach under an umbrella.", "Two chairs are set up on sand near two people standing in the water.", "Two chaits an umrella and two people at abeach", "Two beach chairs under an umbrella, at the beach.", "Two green and wooden beach chairs sit under a blue umbrella on the beach. "]
["A couple of people sitting on top of a elephant.", "Two people riding an elephant with an indian guy steering it.\n", "People riding on the back of an elephant.", "Two tourists are riding on the back of an elephant with the driver.", "two people riding on the back of an elephant"]
["A man is riding an elephant down the street.", "a person riding on the head of an elephant", "A man is sitting atop a large elephant as it walks.", "A man in white shirt riding an elephant with rack on it.", "Guy rides elephant through Indian street in front of building"]
["An elephant sitting while its trainer cleans it with a broom.", "A abusive animal trainer teaching an elephant to sit on command.", "A handler working with an elephant that is sitting down.", "A trainer training a elephant in a closed area.", "A man sweeps an elephant with a broom."]
["A couple of elephants that are standing in the dirt.", "A baby elephant reaching into it's mother's mouth", "there is a adult elephant and a baby elephant standing together", "two elephants on a dirt ground behind a fence", "A small elephant is standing next to a large elephant. "]
["two elephants that are together in an enclosure. ", "Two elephants in an enclosure with their trunks raised", "Two elephants in a pen with their trunks raised.", "an elephant is reaching it trunk upwards in a pin", "An elephant playing with barrels in a pen."]
["A man in suit and tie standing by a white wall.", "A man in a suit and a tie.", "This gentleman is well-dressed in a suit and tie.", "A young man in formal dress is standing.", "A man stands wearing a dark suit and pink tie."]
["Many different boats that are on the water. ", "Various boats floating in a lake next to a bridge.", "some little coloful boats sitting in the water ", "A row of boats in a harbor with paddles near a bridge.", "Several boats without occupants anchored near a bridge."]
["A small boat sitting in a harbor with larger boats.", "A small white boat in the middle of the water.  ", "A small fishing boat on a lake with  a city in the background.", "Empty boat floating on the lake at sunset.", "A boat in still water at a harbor at dusk. "]
["A man in glasses and tie pointing his finger.", "A young man stands pointing in the picture.", "A man points and talks in front of a poster.", "A man standing in front of a poster pointing his finger.", "A man talking and pointing his finger at something or someone."]
["A man with eyeglasses, a checkered tie and brown blazer", "A smiling man in a suit, sitting down.", "A man with a tie sitting in a room.", "A man who is wearing a suit and tie.", "We are looking at a low angle view of a man in a suit."]
["A person riding an elephant that is spraying water from its trunk.", "A man on the back of an elephant which is spraying water from its trunk.", "a person sitting on an elephant that squirts water from its trunk over a fence", "A man riding an elephant that is spraying water out of it's trunk.", "An elephant trumpets while a person rides on its back."]
["The lower half of a man's bearded face.", "A man with a beard and a yellow tie.", "A bearded man wearing a white dress shirt and yellow tie", "A close up of a bearded man wearing a yellow tie.", "A white man with a beard wearing a white shirt and gold tie."]
["Lounge beach chairs near umbrella on sand at sunset.", "two beach chairs and an umbrella on the beach. ", "A beach umbrella next to chairs on the beach", "An umbrella is next to empty chairs on the beach.", "Two lounge chairs and an umbrella have been set up on a beach."]
["A woman going down the stairs with a backpack on and a suitcase in her hand. ", "A person dragging a piece of luggage down a flight of stairs.", "A person with a back pack in a room.", "Man pulling suitcase down long flight of steps", "A woman holding a suit case over a chute for luggage."]
["A small elephant with a seat on it's back.", "an elephant with chains around its ankles walks with an empty chair strapped to its back", "An elephant carrying what appears to be a small sled on its back.", "The elephant carrying a bench on its back.", "Elephant with seat standing in outdoor area near building."]
["A man and a woman ride an elephant for the first time.", "A man and woman are sitting on a very big elephant.", "A man and a woman are riding on an elephant.", "A man and woman sitting on an elephant ", "a man and woman are sitting on the back of an elephant"]
["A man and woman riding on an elephant.", "Two people riding an elephant down a dirt road.", "Two people riding on an elephant down a dirt road.", "Two people are riding along on an elephant.", "A man and a woman riding on an elephant"]
["People are in a boat in the rain with umbrellas.\n", "A group of people in a boat while it rains. ", "This is an image of a gondola in the rain with umbrellas", "People are on a boat in the rain with umbrellas.", "People with umbrellas row a boat down a stream in the rain."]
["a rainbow umbrella that has people under it", "A group of people gather under a rainbow colored umbrella.", "People shop for produce at an outdoor market.", "A man holding a basket standing next to an umbrella.", "some people putting grass in a plastic swimming pool with an umbrella"]
["an open luggage bag near a laptop ", "An opened suitcase lies beside a laptop on a floor mat.", "a black and white photo of a laptop suitcase and legs", "A laptop that is on a small table.", "A laptop sitting on a table near a black suit case."]
["A man standing near an elephant with its trunk outstretched.  ", "The man is standing next to the head of a large elephant.", "A man standing next to a large elephant.", "A black and white photo of an elephant with a person.", "A man appears to be caring for an elephant."]
["a large boat is in the water by a dock", "A large boat floats in the water by a dock.", "A large passenger boat stationary at a dock.", "A passenger ferry at the dock during the day", "A boat is docked while the weather is clear"]
["Two large elephants in the woods with one leading the other ", "A couple of elephants wandering through a field.", "aa couple of elephants are standing in a field", "A group of large gray elephants walking through a forest.", "A herd of elephants walking in the tall grass."]
["An adult and baby elephant grazing in the green grass.", "A big elephant and a small elephant walking through a grassy meadow.", "Elephants are in the tall knee high shaded grass.", "A mama elephant walking next to a baby elephant.", "A large and small elephant in tall grass next to trees and bushes."]
["Person pulling a sled through a trail of snow. ", "A lady standing on a sled holding a bag.", "A woman standing on a sled with two bags.", "A woman riding a sleigh carrying a bag of luggage.", "A young woman ski is down a slope on the back of a sled."]
["A dog and a cat sleeping next to each other.", "A boxer dog and a cat are laying on the floor.", "A dog and a cat are sleeping next to each other.  ", "A dog laying down by a cat, both are curled up in a ball, the cat is laying on the dogs bed.", "A dog and a cat sleeping soundly on the floor."]
["An old opened trunk in an abandoned house", "an open chest in a run down apartment", "This is an image of a trunk in a damaged home.", "Large, open, empty chest in an abandoned, rundown buliding ", "An old open trunk sits in a dilapidated house."]
["A suitcase that is on the floor with its handle up.", "A bag of luggage sitting on a hard wood floor.", "A suitcase on wheels next to three doors. . ", "A suitcase is packed and ready for the person to take traveling.", "a black suitcase sitting in a hallway by some doors "]
["An elephant standing next to a tree outside.", "A couple of elephants standing on top of a grass covered field.", "A couple of elephants out in the field having a snack", "An African elephant stands with the rest of the herd", "a large elephants is outside in a field "]
["Several elephants standing on stools during a circus act.", "A group of circus elephants standing on each others backs.", "Seven circus elephants,  on their hind legs, leaning on each other,  with a standing elephant in the middle of the line.", "a line of elephants standing on some kind of platform ", "Performers and elephants putting on a show at the circus"]
["A group of people sitting on the backs of elephants.", "Three elephants in a circus show with tricksters sitting on top of them.", "Elephants and their riders performing at a circus ", "Three elephants standing on a stool with woman sitting on their necks. ", "Three elephants with three women riding on top of them."]
["A dog is in mid air with a frisbee in its mouth. ", "A spotted dog is jumping to play frisbee outside.", "A speckle coated dog is catching a blue Frisbee.", "A dog catching a Frisbee in mid-air at a park.", "A dog in a field trying to catch a frisbee"]
["A dog with a blue frisbee in it's mouth.", "A dog has a frisbee in its mouth.", "A close up of a dog with a frisbee in its mouth.", "A crazy eyed dog with a frisbee in his mouth.", "A dog has crazy eyes as he tries to keep the frisbee."]
["Two black bear cubs wrestling around with each other.", "two black and white animals are playing on some dirt", "there are two black bears that are play fighting", "Two young animals play on a concrete floor.", "THERE ARE TWO ANIMALS THAT ARE PLAYING TOGETHER "]
["some woman standing on stage doing a dance with umbrellas ", "A group of women dancing with umbrellas in a play.", "Oriental dancers dressed in blue holding blue umbrellas.", "A group of four different women with umbrellas.", "A group of four umbrella twirlers performing in a show."]
["Three women perform a dance with traditional umbrellas.", "Three cultural dancers holding umbrellas on a red stage.", "Theatrical performance of three costumed women with parasols.", "Three Asian women are dancing around with umbrellas.", "Three woman dancing with open umbrellas in their hands. "]
["A young girl standing on a red carpet with her leg up in the air.", "A Chinese girl performing a traditional Chinese dance.", "A lady wearing a China dress is posing with an umbrella.", "An Oriental dancer using a fan of sorts for the dance.", "An asian girl is posing with a little umbrella."]
["Three Asian performers on a stage with parasols.", "Three asian esque girls with umbrellas are dancing on stage.", "There are several people dancing with decorated umbrellas.", "Dancers performing on a stage with sheer umbrellas.", "The women are dancing onstage with colorful outfits and parasols."]
["A little girl holding a red black dotted umbrella.", "A little girl with rain boots and a rain jacket on and an open umbrella to match her jacket. ", "a little girl holding onto a lady bug pattern umbrella ", "The child wears a labybug rain coat with a matching umbrella.", "A little girl wearing a ladybug raincoat and green rubber boots holding a ladybug umbrella"]
["A woman with an umbrella kneels near a child, who also has an umbrella.", "A woman is standing next to a kid wearing a raincoat holding an umbrella.", " a happy smiling little girl holding a ladybug umbrella and wearing a ladybug coat", "A small child and a woman pose while holding umbrellas.", "A woman standing with a girl with a polka dot umbrella."]
["a woman and a child holding umbrellas and smiling", "A woman with a black umbrella and a child with a red and black umbrella.", "A mother and daughter laugh under umbrellas on a rainy day.", "A girl and a woman holding umbrellas. ", "A lady with a black umbrella over her head and a child with a red rain coat and matching umbrella."]
["A little girl is standing in a ladybug raincoat with a ladybug umbrella. ", "A woman and a little girl holding their umbrellas ", "a close up of a child with an open umbrella", "Adult woman and child hold their own umbrellas.", "Woman and little girl hold their umbrellas in the rain."]
["Two adult dogs play with frisbees in the snow.", "A dog is walking with a frisbee and another dog is jumping to catch a frisbee.", "a couple of dogs are playing in the snow", "Two border collies playing with their own frisbee in a yard full of snow.", "Two dogs that are playing with frisbees out in the snow."]
["A woman walking down a street holding an umbrella.", "A woman with an umbrella and a man walking.", "A woman is standing beside an older gentleman while holding an umbrella.", "A woman holding an umbrella while a man walks behind her.", "A woman walking with a man and holding an umbrella looks off to the side. "]
["A puppy laying on a skateboard on a brick sidewalk.", "A black dog laying on top of a skateboard.", "A black dog sitting on a skateboard looking bored.", "a dog sits on top of a skate board ", "A dog laying on its stomach on a skateboard."]
["This is a photograph of several boy scouts waiting in an airport lobby. A couple are sleeping and a couple are on their phones. ", "Scouts are waiting patiently for their flight to be called.", "Bus passengers wait for flights on the floor of an airport.", "Boys laying and sitting on a deck near the ocean. ", "Boy scouts spread out and waiting an airport with their bags"]
["A gray and white puppy on a leash atop a skateboard.", "A small dog is on a leash and on top of a skateboard.", "A dog on a leash is riding a skateboard.", "Young tethered puppy standing with two front paws on skateboard. ", "A grey and white puppy wearing a bandana stands on a skateboard."]
["Three people are moving a cart of luggage.", "One man pulling and the other man pushing a wagon filled with luggage. ", "Two men push and pull a metal cart loaded with luggage down a dirt road.", "Two men pushing and pulling a cart with luggage on an unpaved road.", "A man wearing a backpack is helping another man push a cart."]
["A ceiling with lots of multi colored umbrellas hanging from it.", "A large variety of umbrella of various colors that are high in the air.", "atrium with numerious colorful umbrellas on the ceiling", "Many small colored umbrellas in the air in a room.", "A collection of umbrellas hang from the ceiling in an open space."]
["A dog carrying a water bottle that is empty.", "A dog holding a water bottle in his mouth.", "A dog is carrying a plastic bottle while outside.", "white dog running down a path with a bottle of water", "The dog is in the woods playing with a stick."]
["A computer desk with a computer turned on.", "A wooden desk with a computer and books/cds in the shelves of the desk. ", "A desk with a monitor, keyboard, and various other objects on it.", "The computer desk is neat with everything in its place.", "A desk with many items, including a keyboard, monitor, and books."]
["A large jetliner sitting on top of an airport tarmac.", "a large airplane that is parked on a runway", "a parked plane is being directed by a man on the ground ", "A cart pulling luggage near a plane at an airport.", "A man is waiting to load luggage onto a plane."]
["Five men standing with backpacks and a police officer looking at them.", "A group of men standing next to each other.", "An officer speaking with a group of men", "A man in uniform with a bunch of guys in line.", "A man in uniform addresses a line of standing guys."]
["there is a dog playing frisbee in the snow", "A dog in a snowy yard leaping for a frisbee.", "A dog catching a flying Frisbee in the snow.", "A dog playing in the snow getting the Frisbee .", "A grey and white dog catching a frisbee in snow."]
["Black and white photograph of people with surfboards next to a car.", "The people are trying to load the surf board in the car.", "Black and white photo of four teenage boys loading surfboards in a vintage car.", "a vintage photo of some men standing next to a car ", "Young men are loading surfboards into an old car."]
["Two black bears climbing up a lush green tree.", "Two bear cubs look out from the top of a tree.", "Two small baby bears in the top of a tree. ", "Two brown bears sitting in a tree in a zoo.", "two black bear cubs standing in some tree branches "]
["A dog holds a frisbee with the side of its mouth", "A dog with a frisbee in his mouth in the back yard.", "A dog is sitting and waiting with frisbee in tow.", "Black lab with a red color holding red Frisbee in his mouth.", "a dog holding a red frisbee in its mouth."]
["an image of two bears that are next to a tree", "Two black bears standing up next to a tree.", "Two black bears conversing in the the forest. ", "Two small black bears stand near a tree.", "Two black bears in the woods playing near the trees."]
["The furry animal with long claws is covering its eye with its paw.", "A bear is laying down in the dirt.", "A bear is covering it's face with a paw that has long claws.", "a close up of a bear on a concrete ground", "An animal covers its face with one paw."]
["A bear sits down on the ground with sand.", "Bear laying down on the ground out in the sun", "A baby bear gently sleeps in the dirt.", "A brown sleepy bear is laying on dirt.", "A brown bear laying on a stone area in the sun."]
["A large white and black dog laying on top of a couch.", "A dog with blue eyes is curled up on a blanket.", "Black and white husky dog laying on a black couch.", "A husky dog curled up on a couch", "A large dog with blue eyes on a couch."]
["A bear and a cub sniffing the end of a log.", "Two bears are smelling a piece of a tree.", "A couple of bears eating a large piece of wood.", "a large log that has a bear on top of it", "An adult bear and a cub bear nibbling on a piece of wood."]
["a large bear is standing over by the rocks", "A bear sticks out its tongue while standing in front of a rocky background.", "A big black bear standing on dirt in an enclosure at a zoo.", "A black bear is standing by the rock", "A large black bear standing in a dirt field."]
["Two black bears standing in their man made enclosure", "Two black bears standing next to each other on a dirt floor.", "Two black bears standing on a rock staring down the camera.", "Two bears look at something while standing on a rock.", "Two large black bears standing on and near some rocks."]
["A large black bear walking through a forest.", "an image of a black bear in the woods", "A bear smelling a branch in the woods at night.", "a bear on the ground near trees and bushes", "BEAR STALKING AROUND IN THE WOODS AT NIGHT"]
["A brown bear sitting on top of cement.", "A big brown bear sitting on the ground", "A bear is sitting on a rock in the sun.", "A bear sits relaxing on a large stone surface. ", "a bear sitting on the cement ground next to some rocks"]
["Something has peaked the interest of this bear.", "A close up photo of a brown bear.", "A brown bear holds his head into the bear.", "A small bear cub sniffs the air near the water.", "A bear in a zoo exhibit looking up at something."]
["Two bears interacting with each other at outdoor area.", "Two dogs are cuddled up together over another dog.", "Pair of bears play fighting over small tot", "Two small bears stand next to each other.", "Two large and furry foxes looking at something together."]
["A bear is sitting in the grass in front of a rusty chain-link fence", "A bear sits in the grass near a red chain linked fence.", "a bear that is on some grass next to a fence", "A large brown bear sitting in grass near a fence.", "A brown bear sits on its bottom in the grass next to a chain link fence. "]
["A large white dead polar bear on display in a museum.", "A stuffed polar bear posed in mid stride.", "A polar bear exhibit in a glass case", "The large stuffed polar bear is on display behind glass.", "an image of a stuffed polar bear in a glass case"]
["a couple of black bears are in the grass", "two bears on a field with a stump ", "Two black animals tied to each other, one standing on a tree stump while the other is standing in the grass. ", "Two cutouts of baby black bears beside a lake.", "Two bear cubs are chained to each other outside."]
["Two born bears walking though a forest surrounded by trees.", "Two full grown brown bears in a habitat.", "Two bears are roaming around in the woods.", "Two bears around logs in front of a large rock.", "Two big bears wandering through the woods together"]
["A boy with a monkey backpack throws a Frisbee.", "Young boy carrying white Frisbee with toy stuffed monkey on back. ", "A young blond boy with a monkey on his back holding a white frisbee.", "A boy wearing a monkey backpack holding a frisbee.", "A little boy is playing Frisbee with a monkey on his back."]
["Three zebras in a field of dry brush.", "A group of zebra standing in a grass field.", "A group of zebras standing on a dry grass field.", "Three zebras and a bird standing in a field.", "Three zebras that are standing in the grass."]
["A young child with an orange piece around their head.", "A little girl is wearing a Frisbee on her head.", "A young girl who has a disc around her head.", "A close up of a young lady wearing an orange ring. ", "A young girl who has an orange disc on her head."]
["A large dog holding a Frisbee in it's mouth on grassy field.", "A dog running with a frisbee in its mouth.", "A dog running with a frisbee in his mouth.", "A dog runs with a frisbee that he has caught.", "A black dog is in motion with a frisbee in it's mouth."]
["A small dog is jumping into the air and catching a frisbee.", "A dog jumping to catch a purple Frisbee.", "A black, white and brown dog jumping to catch a plastic disc.", "a dog is jumping up to catch a frisbbe", "a dog jumping up to catch a frisbee in the air "]
["A group of zebras grazing in a field.", "The zebra are standing near a barbed wire fence.", "A group of zebras shown in a outdoor enclosure.", "a group of zebras standing next to a wire fence", "Some white and black zebras in a field behind a fence."]
["Two men playing a game of frisbee together.", "a group of kids playing frisbee chasing it", "Two men playing competitive frisbee against each other.", "Two people wearing jerseys are playing with a Frisbee.", "Two men are outside playing with a frisbee."]
["A dog that is in front of an open refrigerator.", "A dog stands on a tile floor in front of an open refrigerator.", "a black and white dog and an open refrigerator door", "A small dog stands beside an open refrigerator door.", "The white and black dog is in front of an open refrigerator"]
["A herd of zebra in a grassy field under a field", "Small group of adult zebras standing under a tree. ", "a group of zebras under a huge shade tree in the middle of a grassy field", "Four zebras gather together beneath the shade of a tree on the grass-swept plain.", "A group of zebras standing beside a tree."]
["A black and white zebra stands in a grassy field.", "A zebra running at trotting speed across a field of grass.", "A zebra standing in a grassy field with trees in the background.", "A zebra stands in a field of grass.", "A zebra standing in a bright green field of grass."]
["A young girl tossing a frisbee to an older man", "A man and girl playing with frisbee in grassy field.", "A young girl and an older man are tossing a round frisbee at dusk. ", "A young girl who is throwing a disc to an older man.", "A man and a girl toss a ring frisbee to each other."]
["Many zebra and one wildebeest on a savanna ", "A picture of wild livestock in a field. ", "The large herd includes zebra standing amongst antelope.", "A group of zebras and a few wildebeest on the savannah", "Herds of animals are on a grassy plain."]
["A baby zebra drinking milk from a mama zebra's tit.", "A mother zebra nursing her baby in a fenced in area.", "Two zebras relax in the shade of a tree.", "a young zerbra nursing on its mother in a pasture.", "Mother Zebra nursing Baby zebra under shade tree."]
["a woman tosses a frisbee in a public park", "A woman in a grassy field throwing a frisbee.", "a woman throwing a frisbee in an unkept filed.", "A woman throwing a frisbee in a small field.", "A woman in a blue shirt engaged in play with a plastic disc."]
["a large zebra standing on some short grass", "A zebra walks across a field of green grass.", "A zebra that is walking through the grass.", "A black and white zebra walking in the grass. ", "Zebra prodding in an open grassy field looking agitated."]
["a family of two zebras and a baby zebra out on a plain.", "A group of zebra standing next to each other on a  dry grass field.", "Three zebras having some fun in the wild.", "Three zebras are standing close together on the land.", "Three zebras stand in a grassy area in the wilderness. "]
["A zebra walks next to a chain linked fence.", "A zebra is all alone in a field of dirt.", "Zebra walking in it's enclosed fence in the sun", "Lonely Zebra walking in the sandy sunny area.", "A zebra walking in dirt area next to fence and blue tarps."]
["A pair of zebras in their natural habitat.", "black and white picture of two zebras in a savannah", "Zebras hanging out in their enclosure at a zoo.", "One zebra is drinking water while the other is looking out on the field.", "Two zebras by a tree one in the foreground and the other in the background."]
["A cake with animals and candles on it", "a close up of a heavily decorated birthday cake", "In front of a child's photograph many toys and candles are kept.", "An elaborate fourth birthday cake holds plastic animals in a farm scene.", "A birthday cake decorated with plastic animals and green frosting for grass and a picture."]
["Several toy animals and trees on fake grass.", "A farm scene made from small fake trees and animals.", "a bunch of cupcakes with a farm decoration around it", "A tree, dog, chicken and horse figures stuck into the icing of a cake. ", "The miniature plastic toys make up a farm scene."]
["A man is riding a horse and buggy on the beach.", "A photo of a horse pulling a man in a carriage on the beach.", "The man is riding  along the beach in a two-wheeled cart  pulled by a horse.", "A horse pulling a sulky walking on the beach.", "A man is on the beach with a brown horse."]
["An individual is gotten in the quiet of the picture. \n", "A man guiding a horse in a black and white photo.", "an officer with a horse giving a man a ticket", "A black and white photo shows a man next to a horse on a city street.", "A horse in harness is standing in front of a building."]
["A bunch of jockeys riding their horses around a track.", "horses running down the track with their jockets", "Jockeys on horses riding on a racing track. ", "The jockeys ride their horses on the dirt road.", "Five horses and their jockeys are in a race."]
["Four people on horses walk down a trail.", "some people are riding horses in a field", "A group of people riding horses down a street.", "Group of four horseback riding through the snow.", "A group of four people on horseback, riding in an open area that has snow on one side and mountains on the other."]
["Horses standing around eating grass beside a river. ", "A group of horses are grazing in the grass.", "Horses graze in a grassy field behind a stream.", "A heard of wild horses are seen grazing on some grass.", "some brown and black horses some water grass bushes and trees"]
["A pair of zebras standing in pen, in the grass.", "A zebra is standing next to another smaller zebra near some grass.", "Two zebras stand next to each other on a cement slab.", "An adult and baby zebra standing near several logs.", "A zebra and her baby are standing near wooden logs."]
["A female wearing a helmet is riding a horse down a street with stone buildings behind her.", "A man riding on a horse on a residential street.", "A person riding a horse on the street.", "A man rides a brown horse down a residential street.", "A person riding a horse on a city street near buildings."]
["Giraffes are grazing on the grass on the side of the road.", "The trash in the field provides some interest for the Zebra.", "A zebra in the middle of a field with his head down eating.", "A zebra grazes on grass around rocks next to a road.", "A zebra standing on top of a field next to a street."]
["A brown horse leading a horse drawn carriage.", "The horse and wagon is standing in front of a fruit vendor.", "The horse is hauling produce to the market while a child watches.", "some people an outdoor market and a brown horse pulling a cart", "A kid stands in front of a horse drawn carriage"]
["A horse and colt in tall grass near a house.", "A large horse standing with a foal in tall grass.", "A brown horse standing in a lush green field.", "A horse and pony stand together in tall grasses.", "A horse standing in a field of tall brush."]
["A tall black and white horse standing on a lush green field.", "A large black and white horse has long hair.", "A white and black horse grazing in a grass field with trees in background.", "A while horse bending down eating grass .", "A horse eating grass in a green field"]
["A horse eating grass from a grassy field.", "There is a black and white horse eating grass.", "A black and white horse grazes on short cropped grass in a field.", "A black and white horse leaned over eating grass.", "A black and white horse grazing in a grassy field."]
["A black and white spotted horse in a pasture.", "A spotted horse is grazing in a grassy field. ", "A spotted horse grazing next to a decrepit building.", "A spotted horse grazing near to an older model home or barn", "A spotted horse eats something off the ground"]
["A group of men and women riding horses in the dark.", "A woman smiles as she and a group of people ride horses through the mud.", "A group of people riding horses into a field", "A person that is on top of a horse.", "A young woman horseback riding with her friends"]
["A person rides on the back of a horse.", "A woman riding a horse in equestrian clothing. ", "A woman in equestrian dress rides a palomino in a field", "A jockey riding their horse across a field", "A lady in a fancy riding suit on top of a horse."]
["A person riding on a waterski holding a handle", "This picture taken from a boat shows a person water skiing.", "A wake boarder riding on a wave, in the middle of a lake.", "A man skis behind a boat on the water", "A person on a board in the water."]
["A man is water skiing behind a motorboat.", "A guy wearing green shorts and water skiing. ", "a water skier in green trunks is water skiing", "a man waterskiing behind a white boat on a lake", "A man skies across the water behind a boat. "]
["A white plate with an egg, parsley, dates, and lettuce", "A plate of food is arranged with fruit and vegetables.", "A plate with vegetables and a tangerine around the edge.", "A plate holds several different vegetables and fruit including an orange and lettuce.", "A white table with a plate of food that includes orange and egg."]
["Several fruits with Chinese characters written on them.", "the apple has words on it in chinese", "Apples and oranges grouped together in a bowl", "a couple of apples and oranges next to each other", "The red apples near the oranges have writing on them."]
["A series of images of fruit, cake and other items sitting next to each other.", "A series of photographs with an orange and turquoise theme", "A collaboration of colorful pictures with orange and blue and green", "There is a collage of various pictures of various things", "different photos of assored orange and blue items"]
["a bunch of items on a store shelf ", "an assortment of toys being displayed in the store", "Some shelves in a store selling Halloween items", "A store shelf filled with lots of Halloween items.", "An aisle in a store that is selling holiday items."]
["A plate topped with small sandwiches with meat and veggies.", "Those sandwiches look very delicious and are healthy.", "Several sandwich's sliced and neatly arranged on a plate.", "Cucumber sandwiches and tuna sandwiches sit on a plate.", "Small sandwiches with tomatoes and cucumbers slices in them."]
["A bunch of apples and oranges in a closeup ", "We see a pile of apples and oranges.", "There are apples and oranges in a pile", "Apples and oranges pile in well lit color photo.", "A bunch of apples and oranges stacked together."]
["Orange slices, onion slices, and pieces of bologna frying in a pan.", "A pot of liquid filled with fruit and meat.", "An orange and some sausage are in a frying pan.", "Oranges, beets, and meat in a red juice or sauce. ", "a bowl fiilled with a liquid with fruit slices"]
["a day of the dead offering with fruit", "Candles, pumpkins, and skull decorations on a table.", "A table topped with Halloween decorations and food.", "A table decorated with skulls with apples, oranges, and pumpkins. ", "A display on a table, with skulls, candles, and small pumpkins."]
["A banana tree in a forest of trees.", "a banana tree in the woods with bananas on it", "A vine holding several bunches of green bananas. ", "A bunch of fruit growing in the forest ", "Green banana's on banana tree surrounded by other trees."]
["A woman and two men are displayed on a small television", "A picture of two guys and a girl Photoshopped onto a TV.", "The people are watching a show on television. ", "A small old fashioned TV with rabbit ears on a small stand.", "A picture of three people inside an old-time TV set."]
["A woman standing over a table filled with bowls of oranges.", "A woman in a green shirt stands near a table with bowls or oranges on it in a market.", "Vendors in an open air market cell varieties of citrus. ", "An Asian couple working in a market stall selling oranges.", "People at a fruit stand looking at oranges to buy."]
["A man wearing a glove pitching a baseball.", "I am not sure if he is a professional baseball player or not.", "A baseball player throws his arm back to make a pitch.", "a baseball player wearing black and white is throwing a ball ", "A baseball player is preparing to pitch the ball."]
["Bananas hanging from the ceiling by attached strings.", "Bunches of bananas are hanging on hooks in a kitchen.", "Several bunches of bananas hanging from pieces of string", "Several bunches of bananas, some still attached to the branch, hanging from hooks in a kitchen", "Several bunches of bananas hanging in a kitchen."]
["a big plate that has some fruit on top of it", "A plate with oranges and cups on the table", "a plate with a bunch of grapefruit slices on it ", "Slices of orange peel filled with orange jello.", "A white plate topped with blood oranges on a wooden table."]
["A store filled with merchandise with workers and customers standing inside of it.", "A number of small shops set up at a trade show.", "a small square food stand selling bananas ", "A colorful market booth sells bananas to a customer.", "A banana banner is advertising bags of foods while next door a pipe banner advertises for fruit at a grocery stand."]
["A banana, peanut butter, and crackers is sitting on a white plate. ", "A spoon of peanut butter is on a plate with a banana and cookies.", "A white plate topped with a  sliced up banana, peanut butter and cookies.", "A plate that has some peanut butter, a banana, and some crackers on it.", "A banana and some healthy snacks on a plate. "]
["A person holding skis standing in front of a cabin", "A woman standing in front of a cabin in the snow. ", "Individual standing by a set of skis with a lodge in the background. ", "A person outside of a ski lodge with a collection of skis. ", "A man sanding on a ski slope while holding a set of skies."]
["A person skis with mountains in the background.", "The person stands on the snow near the snow covered mountains. ", "A person who is walking with snow skis on.", "a person that's wearing skis near huge mountains.", "This is a mountainous view from the side of a snowy mountain."]
["Two people riding a ski lift with snowboards on their feet. ", "Two people are sitting in a chair lift with their feet on a snow board and skis dangling ", "a couple sitting on a bench and headed up a snow mountain", "Two people sit on a ski lift with snowboards.", "Two snowboarders ride the ski lift to the top of the mountain. "]
["A little boy standing next to a bunch of unripe bananas.", "A boy in white shirt standing next to a bunch of bananas.", "A person picking a leaf off of a banana tree.", "there is a boy and a man standing near a banana tree", "A young boy is standing next to the banana tree. "]
["A bunch of cooking supplies and bananas sitting on a counter.", "Some ripe bananas are on a kitchen counter.", "A kitchen counter with ingredients measured and ready to mix in a bowl.", "A kitchen counter with some bananas and eggs.", "the supplies on a counter to make some banana bread "]
["A man dressed in baseball clothing and holding a baseball glove.", "Man wearing athletic shirt and baseball glove on wooden floor indoors.", "A man indoors in a baseball uniform and ball glove expecting a throw.", "A person standing in a room with a baseball glove.", "A man in a uniform holding a catchers mitt."]
["A man riding skis down a snow covered ski slope.", "Man skiing in a black coat down a snowy mountain.", "A skier using poles while skiing over snow.", "a man skiing by himself through the snow", "A snow skier is going through the glassy snow."]
["A plate of food with vegetables and meat.", "There are vegetables and meat on the dish.", "A plate is filled with stir fried vegetables and meat. ", "A picture of a play on a table.", "A plate of food containing meat, carrots and broccoli."]
["pans filled with assorted veggies, fruit and rice", "TWO CONTAINERS OF FOOD SITTING ON TOP OF CONCRETE STEP", "a close up of a container with many different foods", "Two rectangular boxes with chop sticks have food in them.", "Two bento boxes of stir fry, rice and assorted fruits and vegetables, with one pair of chopsticks resting on a container of the food."]
["A pan filled with meat and vegetables cooking on a stove top.", "A tofu and broccoli dish simmering on the stove", "A spoon sits in a dish of tofu, broccoli, and mushrooms on a gas stove.", "Tofu, broccoli and mushrooms being cooked on a stove.", "A skillet filled with meat and vegetables on the stove."]
["Two skiers sliding down the hill on the pathway.", "Two snow skiers are going down a trail by trees.", "Two people skiing downhill in the woods together.", "Two skiers going through a snowy forest at daytime.", "Two people in the middle of a skiing trail with trees lined on each side of the trail."]
["A baseball player in red and white contorts his body as a ball hovers in the air above him.", "A baseball player throwing a ball towards the camera.", "A baseball player throws the ball in a field", "A baseball player after he threw the ball.", "The baseball player is throwing the ball hard."]
["A person jumping down a snowy hill on a snowboard.", " a single person snowboarding down a hill surrounded by bushes ", "A man with blue pants is on a snowy hillside a couple feet off the ground on a snowboard.", "there is a snowboarder going down a snow hill", "The man is in the air after jumping on a snowboard."]
["an image of a man sitting in front of desert at a restaurant", "A man looking at an ice cream dessert.", "A man looks at a dessert sitting in front of him at a restaurant.", "A young man sitting with a large banana split in front of him", "A young man sits at a restaurant looking at a huge banana split sundae."]
["A plate topped with bananas and red potatoes.", "The fried dough is on a plate next to small bananas.", "A white table holding a plate of food that includes small bananas and fried balls.", "A white and blue plate with raw and fried plantains..", "A group of fried foods next to a small stack of banana's."]
["A man pitching a baseball on top of a field.", "A woman is preparing to throw the baseball at the game.", "A baseball pitcher is in a position to throw the ball.", "A baseball player in a red jersey winding up for a pitch.", "A person throwing a baseball onto the field"]
["A man presses a banana against his forehead while staring forward.", "man with brown eyes holding a banana to his temple  ", "A man holding up a ripe yellow banana to the side of his head.", "An image of a man holding a banana to his temple", "A man is holding a banana up to his temple. "]
["A man riding up the side of a skateboard ramp.", "A young man performing a trick on a skateboard.", "A shirtless man is riding a skateboard on a ramp.", "A person on a skate board flying in the air.", "A shirtless skateboarder enjoying his sport with no protective gear on."]
["A crowd watches as a man rides a skateboard in a skate park.", "A person riding on his skateboard in a park.", "A skateboarder grinding on a bowl in front of a crowd.", "People watching a skateboard competition with one participant about to descend down the ramp.", "A skateboarder does a trick in a crowded skatepark covered in graffiti."]
["The skiing woman is jumping in the air.", "A skier is making a jump off of a ramp.", "a person is in the air on a pair of skis", "A professional ski jumper skiing off a hill.", "a kid doing a jump off of a little hill on snow skis "]
["A kid on a skate board at the top of a ramp.", "a person standing on a skateboard along the side of a wall ", "A skateboarder is balanced on the edge of a wall.", "The man is riding down the wall on his skateboard.", "A man doing a skateboard trick on a ramp."]
["Two plastic black containers filled with food on a table.", "A bento box of food with a powered lemonade mix stick.", "Two bowls of food next to a pack of lemonade.", "Two large pots full of different kinds of food .", "Two ready to go meals along with some lemonade drink mix."]
["a close up of a plate of broccoli and sauce", "a plate full of vegetables and dressing on it ", "A pile of broccoli with bacon bits covered in ranch dressing.", "A white plate topped with cheese covered broccoli.", "Broccoli with diced red pepper and a cream sauce."]
["A human a doing something right now that is full.\n", "A woman standing on skis in the show posing for a picture.", "A women who is wearing some snow skis.", "A young lady thats skiing is smiling for the camera man. ", "A woman on skies standing on a hillside."]
["A man riding  skateboard into the air.", "A guy performing a trick on his skateboard at a skate park.", "a man is doing a trick on a skateboard in a ramp", "A man in the air on a skateboard doing a trick.", "A young man is skating on the ramp."]
["A man riding on top of a hand rail with a skateboard.", "A man skating on stairs next to a building as people watch him", "A man skating down a stair rail in front of a bunch of people.", "A skateboarder is skating down a railing next to some stairs.", "A man riding a skateboard down the rail of some stairs while a group of people watch."]
["A skateboarder in mid air during a stunt ", "A person on his skate board in the air", "A man riding a skateboard while riding into the air.", "a person jumping a skate board in the air ", "An individual is in the open view in the image.\n"]
["a big bowl on a table filled with broccoli ", "A pan that has some meat and vegetables in it.", "A metal pan of food that includes broccoli and nuts.", "A broccoli based stir fry in a metal round pan with nuts on top.", "A bowl of several different types of vegetables."]
["Several pieces of a pie with broccoli on it among other things. ", "A pan with missing slices of pizza that had cheese, meat and broccoli as its toppings. ", "Broccoli and beef pizza on a plate for a meal.", "A pan topped with a half of a pizza.", "A pizza cut into slices with unusual ingredients."]
["A salad of noodles, asparagus and meat in a dish.", "A bowl filled with pasta and broccoli covered in sauce.", "a skillet with some food inside of it ", "some noodles and veggies are in a bowl together", "a pasta dish with broccoli and bacon bits"]
["A man jumping into the air while riding a skateboard.", "A skateboarder riding on a park bench, on a cloudy day.", "A YOUNG MAN IS DOING A STUNT ON HIS SKATEBOARD", "The man is doing tricks on his skateboard.", "A man skateboarding at an outdoor skate park."]
["A man riding a skateboard through the air next to a palm tree.", "A gentleman is trying to pull off a skateboarding trick. ", "A skateboarder is separated from the board as he performs a stunt.", "A boy is flying off of his skateboard", "A boy is practicing jumping on his skateboard. "]
["A newspaper covered in candy, fruit and goodies.", "Halloween trick-o-treat goodies laid out on newspaper after sorting.", "A newspaper that has assorted food items scattered on it", "A bunch of food and candy sorted on a newspaper.", "a lot of treats on a newspaper with candies and apples"]
["A group of young people wearing ski equipment.", "many skiers are standing in a row with red black and blue jackets", "A group of skiers are standing in semi circle for a photo.", "A large group of people in skis are lined up for a group picture.", "A group of people lined up wearing ski suits and skis. "]
["A group of people walking down a street near a river.", "some people sitting  on benches and some people walking", "Many people are near and on the benches close to water.", "A group of people sit and stand in front of water.", "People are walking along the sidewalk next to a river."]
["A little girl taking a bite out of a apple. ", "a small child is eating some red fruit", "The young child is eating a piece of fruit at the table.", "A young girl eats a piece of fruit.", "Small girl eating apple with pink cupcake shirt on"]
["Two apples and a bowl and jar of applesauce on a cloth.", "Apples and applesauce are sitting on a white doily.", "A striped place mat and lace doily are on a table with two apples and apple butter in a jar and bowl with spoons.", "Two apples next to a bowl and a cup with applesauce.", "A bowl and a jar of applesauce sits next to two apples on a white doily and striped red tablecloth."]
["a small cup of oats revolution oatmeal with apples", "Small bowl of oatmeal and the box it came from, with apples.", "A bowl of oats next to some apples.", "A bowl of oats sitting on top of a table.", "A bowl with cereals, a spoon, apples and a packet"]
["a bunch of bowls of soup sit next to a bowl of fruit ", "Ramekins filled and cooked in front of a bowl on apples. ", "Ramekins of food next to a bowl of fresh apples", "A table topped with a white bowl of fruit next to brown cups of something.", "a couple of bowls filled with some soup "]
["A bowl that has various types of food in it.", "A white bowl filled with broccoli and carrot slices.", "A serving of broccoli and carrots in a white dish.", "Broccoli and carrots shown in white serving dish.", "Some of the broccoli in this bowl are starting to yellow. "]
["A table set for two with salad and bread", "a table set for two with servings of broccoli with sauce on each plate", "A birds eye view of a set table containg a meal for two ", "A meal for two of broccoli and bread", "A place setting with bowls of broccoli and cauliflower with utensils"]
["Two plates have brocolli on them that is smothered in cheese.", "Two white plates of broccoli covered in white sauce.", "Two plates with broccoli covered in a white sauce", "There is some roasted broccoli covered in a white sauce", "Broccoli florets topped with hollandaise sauce on a white plate."]
["A bowl filled with lots of vegetables and rice.", "A dish of rice and broccoli on a table ", "A nice looking plate of broccoli with rice", "A bowl of broccolli and something else that I don't know.", "Broccoli and rice in a large bowl on a table. "]
["A tree filled with lots of apples and leaves.", "A bunch of apples growing on a branch together.", "Several apples of various sizes on a tree limb. ", "A bunch of apples are hanging from a branch with leaves.", "some red apples are growing on a tree"]
["A small boy with blonde hair eats an apple", "This little boy wearing a jacket is holding a red apple. ", "A little kid that is eating an apple.", "a small blond boy has a red apple", "The young boy is holding an apple with bites in it."]
["A boy doing a trick on a skateboard off a ramp.", "A man doing a trick on his skate board.", "The skateboarder is attempting a very difficult trick.", "A man who is performing a trick on a skateboard.", "A skateboarder in air after a skateboard jump "]
["A person riding a skateboard down a street lined with parked cars", "A person is riding a skateboard down the street.", "Person riding their skateboard on the street with the cars.", "A closeup of a skateboarder riding on asphalt", "a person skating down the street next to traffic"]
["A woman sitting down holding onto a fork.", "A young woman is sitting at a table eating food.", "A girl eats a bagel at a table in a home.", "Girl sitting at table eating a plate of food.", "Seated teenage girl eating her breakfast at home."]
["a person riding a skate board on a city street ", "A man is standing on a lane getting ready to ride a skateboard.", "A skate boarder pauses at the top of a hill.", "A young man on a skateboard looking down street with people watching.", "a man standing on a skateboard in the middle of the road"]
["A person kneels a bit as they race down a special ski path", "A child wearing a helmet skis along the snow past a sign.", "A young skier skiing down a snowy slalom.", "A person on some skis in the snow.", "A young skiier races downhill past a blue marker on packed snow"]
["A young skier is attempting to go down the hill. ", "A young skier is skiing downhill in a competition.", "A child downhill skiing at a ski resort. ", "A child on skis going down a slope.", "A person skiing on an ski  obstacle course."]
["A person skiing down the side of a snow covered field.", "A skier going down a hill around several flags.", "The person is snow skiing around the blue flag.", "A young skier goes through a slalom course.", "A skier skis down a slope, with blue and red course markers in the background."]
["A skateboarder is about to go down a platform.", "A young boy skateboarding on a high ramp. ", "A skateboarder is poised on the lip of a ramp.", "A teenager preparing to ride down the side of a skate ramp.", "This is a boy on skateboard about to go down a ramp"]
["a small child is standing on a skateboard", "A child on a skate board is performing on a skating wall.", "A girl standing on a skateboard on the edge of a ramp.", "A young girl on a skateboard jumping off of a ramp.", "a person riding a skate board on a skate park"]
["The dish in the pot contains several different kinds of vegetables.", "Sliced onions and carrots in a saucepan with a wooden spoon.", "A wooden spoon inside a pot filled with carrots and onions.", "A mix of vegetables in a pot with a spoon.", "Pot on stove cooking vegetables and being stirred by a wooden spoon."]
["A boy is going up a ramp on a skateboard.", "A little boy wearing a helmet rides a skateboard on a ramp.", "A young boy in a blue tshirt rides a skateboard", "A child rides a skateboard up a ramp.", "He is young, but he definitely knows how to ride that skateboard."]
["A kid on a skateboard on the street.", "A young boy in a red shirt is on a skate board.", "Child in black and red outfit riding on top of a skateboard. ", "a little boy riding on a skate board", "A young boy is skateboarding in a red shirt."]
["some dessert is laying out on a yellow and white plate", "A plate containing a slice of dessert, two forks and some piped cream", "Pastry sitting on top of a golden white plate with forks. ", "Two forks on a plate of cake and cream.", "THIS IS A PHOTO OF A DESERT PLATE FOR TWO"]
["A small child wears a helmet while riding a skateboard", "An action photo of a child on a skateboard ramp.", "A young girl in a helmet riding a skateboard.", "A person is skateboarding while wearing a blue helmet.", "A small child wearing a helmet skateboards at a skate park."]
["a slice of bundt cake sits on a white plate", "A piece of cake sitting on top of a white plate.", "There is a piece of bread and a fork on the plate.", "A PIECE OF POUND CAKE ON A WHITE PLATE ON A WOOD TABLE ", "A slice of banana bread on a plate with a fork."]
["A group of young children playing in the snow next to each other.", "A little kid on skis in the snow with a helmet on. ", "A child is learning how to ski while a parent helps.", "A person offering a hand to a young child wearing a helmet and snow skis.", "A man standing beside his little boy while they are in the snow"]
["Two little boys are wearing helmets, goggles and snow gear as they stand and sit in the middle of the snowy terrain.", "There are several small children riding skies together ", "young boys are skiing in the snow with helmets on. ", "A boy in a safety vest lays in the snow as another boy on skies stands near by while a man in a red jacket kneels in the snow by the boys.", "A group of children in the snow on skis."]
["A guy looking down at a big knife he is holding.", "A man standing in a kitchen standing under a clock.", "A man with a knife cutting something in his hand.", "The man is getting ready to cut the pepper in his hand.", "A man holding a knife in his hand cutting a tomato."]
["Saltine crackers lay next to a wedge of cheese, with grapes and other items surrounding them.", "Bread, crackers, and fruit sitting on a table", "A block of cheese has a piece slice off and crackers in front of it.", "A loaf of cheese, served with crackers, bread and grapes.", "A block of cheese near grapes bread and crackers."]
["A person snowboard on a  snow covered ground ", "Several snowboarders do tricks indoors under a roof.  ", "A few people snowboarding on an indoor snowboarding course.", "a couple of people on snowboards moving across a track", "An arena is packed with snow as snowboarders perform stunts."]
["Many skateboarders going down a very wide city street.", "A city street filled with people riding skateboards.", "The skateboarders are racing towards the popular destination.", "Bunch of people crowding the street all on skateboards", "A large group of skateboarders are in the street."]
["a person is standing in the snow in skis", "A person on skis posing for the picture.", "A woman who is standing on a ski slope", "A woman posing with her pair of skis.", "there is a woman posing on skies at the top of a hill"]
["various food items in bowls on white counter", "A table topped with four cups and bowls filled with food.", "Several containers of food sitting on a table beside a blue mug.", "In portions of the thermos various foods can make a complete meal. ", "A table with aa few dishes of food and some coffee"]
["Two guys wearing skis are posing for a picture. ", "Two people in ski gear standing in the snow.", "two people standing side by side on the snow covered ground", "Some skiers in the snow on a very big hill.", "Two people smile at the camera with their ski equipment. "]
["A skateboarder leaps low above his board in a concrete area. ", "a man on a skate board does a trick ", "A guy and a skateboard in mid air.", "A man is doing tricks on a skateboard.", "A skateboarder in the middle of performing a trick."]
["A man riding a skateboard on top of pavement.", "A skateboarder is taking a break at a skatepark. ", "A man at a skate park with his foot on the side of the skateboard.", "A person with their food on a skateboard that's on the ground.", "A skateboarder with his foot on his board that is laying on its side."]
["The skateboarder has his hands in the air.", "A skateboarder wearing jeans and a black t-shirt rides the rim of a skateboard park.", "A young man is doing a trick on a skateboard.", "A man doing a trick with his skateboard.", "A man riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp."]
["Skateboarder is riding his skateboard down the steps.", "a person jumping a skate board in the air", "He is flying over the steps on his skateboard.", "A man on a skateboard jumping down a set of stairs.", "Male skateboarder displaying leaping ability over steps with handrails."]
["A young man standing on a skateboard wearing a hat.", "A person in black pants and a purple shirt standing on a skateboard in a park area.", "A young teenager is standing on his skateboard.", "A young man is smiling for the camera while standing on his skateboard. ", "A boy rides on a skateboard and smiles. "]
["Two hot dogs sitting side by side with condiments.", "Two hot dogs are laden with relish, ketchup, and mustard.", "two hot dogs on a plate loaded with condiments ", "Two hot dogs covered with ketchup and relish on a plate.", "Two hot dogs in buns are smothered with condiments. "]
["A snow boarder riding a ski lift up a snow covered ski slople", "A skier sitting and riding up the snowy mountain.", "A person sits on a ski lift in a snowy forest.", "Skiers look downward as they ride a ski lift up the mountain. ", "Someone riding a ski lift wearing a snowboard."]
["A young man riding a skateboard down a dark street.", "A skateboarder sits with his feet on his board.", "A man wearing shoes with red shoelaces propping his feet on a skateboard. ", "A man sitting on a bench with his feet on a skateboard.", "A man bending his legs on a skateboard at night. "]
["A hotdog with toppings served in a red basket", "A view of a delicious hot dog and a drink. ", "a container holding a hot dog next to a tall water glass ", "A hot dog with lots of toppings is served in a red basket with a soda. ", "A condiment filled hotdog is in a red basket next to an iced beverage.  "]
["a kid is in the air on a skateboard", "Boy making a jump on at skateboard park with an assembled crowd.", "A young skateboarder is in the air as he performs stunts.", "A young boy in the air on a skateboard.", "a person jumping a skate board in the air "]
["A low shot of a man on a snow board.", "A man riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.", "A snowboarder sits at the top of a slope.", "A person rides a sled down a snowy hill on a sunny day.", "Snowboarder relaxes in the sun on the snow"]
["A group of children eat mini food items.", "children enjoying a new sausage preparation on a field trip.", "A few children eating small finger food in red shirts.", "Kids are trying mini meatball subs with sauce on them.", "Children trying little hamburgers from a tray at school"]
["A young man riding a skateboard at a skate park.", "A skateboarder jumping through the air and doing a trick.", "A man performs a skateboard trick in the air.", "A man skateboarding at a skate park among onlookers. ", "A skateboarder rides on concrete with people watching."]
["A chicken sandwich in a wrapper near a cell phone.", "A fast food sandwich half wrapped in a wrapper.", "A sandwich that is in paper on a table.", "A table with a chicken sandwich and a cellphone.", "A sandwich in a wrapper  on a table. "]
["A young man riding a skateboard down a street.", "A man riding a skateboard down a road.", "A man skateboards down a steep incline on an area painted with graffiti.", "MAN ON A SKATE BOARD CROSSING OVER SOME GRAFFITI ", "A man riding a skateboard down a hill."]
["A group of young men standing next to each other in front of a white wall.", "Snowboarders are standing in a group in the snow.", "a number of people with snow boards on a snowy surface", "Snowboarding competitors and their supporters giving the peace sign", "Several people posing in cold weather gear in the snow."]
["Two hot dogs covered in toppings on a blue tray.", "Two hot dogs in cardboard plate one with pickle and the other with cheese.", "two hotdogs topped with a dill pickle tomatoes and tofu", "Two types of sandwiches sit in cardboard boxes on a tray.", "Two sandwiches in paper baskets sitting on a blue tray."]
["A burger and a bunch of fries on a plate.", "A sandwich and fries are on a plate.", "A breaded patty sandwich with fries on a plate.", "Chicken sandwich with lettuce and tomatoes on a plate with French fries", "A sandwich and french fries are on a plate."]
["The man is wearing coveralls and holding a snow board.", "A man is crouched down holding a skateboard.", "A man is standing in a cinderblock corner with a snowboard.", "A person in a helmet and goggles poses with a snowboard. ", "A man standing in a muscle man post holding a snow board."]
["a close up of a person eating a hot dog ", "A woman biting down into a hot dog.", "A woman laughing and eating a hotdog in a dark room.", "a woman poses with a hot dog to her mouth", "A woman eating a giant hot dog with both of her hands."]
["A plastic container with mustard on one side and a chili cheese dog on the other half", "A chili dog on a bun with mustard in a container. ", "a chili cheese sandwich and some yellow mustard", "A chili dog covered with cheese and mustard on the side in a to-go container.", "A hot-dog with chili is sitting in a styrofoam container next to a serving of mustard."]
["A gourmet hot dog presented with a side of couscous. ", "There is a hot dog and some other food on the plate.", "A hotdog in a bun sitting on a plate with some corn. ", "A plate on a table with a hot dog and corn sitting on it", "A hot dog pastry and a pile of vegtables ont he side"]
["A purple gloved hand holds out a hot dog bun that has chili on it.", "A person wearing a glove holding a chili dog.", "hotdog bun with chili is held by food service worker", "A hot dog bun smothered in chili sitting on a wooden counter.", "A hand in a purple glove holding a hotdog bun full of chili."]
["A man holding a bag with a doughnut in it.", "A man chewing a bite of a donut. ", "A man eating donut out of a paper bag.", "A man eating Dunkin Donuts out of a bag ", "a black and white photo of a person with a doughnut"]
["A tray with four different types of food.", "The plastic tray with a lid has three compartments filled with food.", "A packed meal in a plastic tray that includes a beverage.", "A tray of food on a table with a fork ", "A lunchbox with vegetables, fruit, a sandwich and a cup of tea."]
["A man riding a snowboard down the side of a snow covered slope.", "A snowboarder is sitting on a snowy slope", "Snowboarder in blue coat making turn on large slope.", "a boy is sitting out in the snow with a board", "The snow boarder is sitting in the snow on the hill. "]
["THIS IS A PHOTO OF TWO HAPPY CHILDREN SITTING AT THE TABLE", "The two children are happy about the donuts.", "a coupe of kids sit at a table ", "a couple of kids that are sitting at a table", "a young boy and young girl surprised sitting at a kitchen table "]
["close up of a chicken sandwich and fries on a plate", "A burger with fried chicken, lettuce, and pickles on it.", "A sandwich with lettuce and pickles and a side of fries.", "A fried chicken sandwich on a bun, and fries.", "A very tasty looking sandwich and fries waiting to be eaten. "]
["A chocolate donut with a hole in the middle and a partial hole beside it.", "Person holding a donut shaped object with a chain attached.", "A man holds up what looks like a donut.", "A man holds up a chocolate doughnut with chocolate frosting.", "A young person that is holding a donut in front of their face."]
["The pizza has mushroom, sausage, and black olives.", "Meat, cheese, onions, mushrooms and olives on a pizza.", "A very close up picture of a pizza with several toppings.", "The cheesey pizza has a lot of olives on it", "A closeup picture of a pizza with sausage, olives, and mushrooms."]
["Several skiers on the slop in mid jump.", "A punch of different shots of a man in the air.", "The image shows different stages of a jumping skier.", "A group of skiers in the air making crosses with their skis", "A man who is performing a jump on snow skis."]
["some food is laying out on some plates", "A table topped with two plates of food.", "two plates on a table with some little sandwiches on them ", "A choice of poached eggs and bacon on a bagel or donuts.", "A table set with coffee, sandwiches and donuts. "]
["A small ring of raw meat in someone's palm", "A person is holding a ring of meat.", "A hand holding a donut shaped piece of meat.", "A person is holding something circular in their hand. ", "A circle of uncooked meat in someones hand"]
["A small bowl containing food beside a coffee cup.", "Two doughnut holes in a bowl next to a cup of coffee.", "A cup of coffee and a bowl of muffins on a dining table.", "a close up of a bowl of food near a cup", "A cup off coffee and two muffins on a table."]
["there is a male snowboarder that is in the air", "A snowboarder mid flight doing a trick with clouds in the background.", "A person on a snowboard that just went off of a jump.", "A man is getting air on his snowboard ", "there is a man jumping in the air on a snow board."]
["Two boxes of pizza sit on a wood table and one of the boxes is closed while the other is open to reveal a whole pizza inside of it.", "Two boxes of pizza, one is ham and pineapple.", "A Dominos Pizza with pineapples on the pizza on the table ", "A takeout pizza with pineapple next to a pizza box on the table.", "two pizza boxes sitting on a dining table, one of them left open"]
["A donut on a plate with a fork and knife.", "A donut is on a plate with knife and fork.", "A glazed donut on a plate with a knife and fork.", "A butter knife and a fork next to a glazed doughnut.", "A glazed donut sits on a plate inbetween a fork and a knife."]
["A black and white soccer ball sits in the grass.", "A picture of a soccer ball in the grass.", "a black and white soccer ball on some grass", "An out of focus soccer ball on a green field. ", "A close up of a soccer ball sitting on a green lawn."]
["A plate that has a sandwich on it.", "A white plate topped with a sandwich and mustard.", "A plate of food with bread, grape tomatoes, cheese, cucumbers and sauce on it. ", "A table with a white dinner plate that has a sandwich on it and side of mustard.", "A sandwich with vegetables and cheese on thick bread."]
["A group of people including military personnel play soccer together. ", "A group of men kicking around a ball on a pile of rocks.", "soldiers playing a game with some of the locals in the area ", "Two soldiers kick a ball with several young men. ", "American soldiers playing football with some asians "]
["A plate with an open face sandwiched topped with cheese.", "A generously packed sandwich makes a good lunch.", "Sandwich sitting on a plate next to a glass of juice. ", "An open sandwich with onions on a small plate.", "A sandwich served on a plate with a drink next to it"]
["A woman with a computer is eating a doughnut.", "A women getting ready to eat a doughnut .", "There is a woman eating a donut in front of a laptop.", "The women eats a donut in front of her computer.", "A woman eating a doughnut sitting at a laptop."]
["A kid in a field with a muffin.", "a small boy in a red shirt is holding a donut", "A young boy holding up a piece of food at a park.", "Little boy eating a donut at a fair.", "A boy holds something in front of him."]
["Food items in basket with wine glass on table.", "a couple of sandwiches are sitting on a table", "some sandwiches wrapped in white paper and a drink", "There are two sandwiches in the basket lined with paper.", "a basket that has some kind of sandwich on it"]
["a trey with some bread and juice on it ", "Red Wine, Coffee and pastries are served. There is a statue of a frog riding a snail on the table.", "A table has a plate adorned with desert and coffee.", "a plate of food with cups on a table ", "Wine and desserts are served on a table."]
["There are some whole leaves on a sandwich", "The sandwich is made of basil, tomato, cheese, prosciutto, and bread.", "A sandwich with meat, tomatoes and green leaves.", "A white plate holding a sandwich that includes meat and cheese.", "A sandwich with meat,cheese and vegetable with the top piece of bread slightly off."]
["A cutting board topped with bread, meat and vegetables.", "Basil, cheese, tomatoes and bread on a plate.", "a plate with tomato, lettuce, onion and meat", "tomato, mozzarella, prosciutto and lettuce by a toasted roll", "Ingredients for a sandwich sit on a plate."]
["A sandwich roll filled with meat on top of tin foil.", "A sandwich is laying on its wrapper ready to be eaten.", "A round sandwich sits on a piece of tin foil.", "A beef sandwich on a roll sitting on tin foil.", "A meat sandwich resting on top of tin foil. "]
["A person is holding a pan full of donuts with blue icing.", "A tray icing covered donuts while a person in a kitchen.", "Doughnuts with frosting are being made in the kitchen", "a tray of doughnuts with white icing on it", "Glazed doughnuts on cookie sheet near doughnut machine."]
["A tray of a variety of donuts with glaze, sprinkles and coconut. ", "A selection of doughnuts sits on an aluminum tray. ", "The plate is covered with small donuts with different icings.", "a large plate that has a bunch of doughnuts on it", "People are being tempted by the donuts on the plate."]
["An incredible picture of an individual in the stillness movement. \n", "A boy is jumping from a wave on a surfboard. ", "A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A young boy squats on a surfboard above a wave. ", "a young kid does a trick on a surf boar"]
["A woman decorating a double layer cake on a table.", "A woman decorating a fancy cake in her kitchen", "A woman standing in front of a coloured cake", "A woman is going to decorate a cake.", "A woman stands behind a cake and baking decorations."]
["A person sitting on rocks near the water holding a surfboard.", "A guy carrying a surfboard and wearing a backpack.", "A person with a backpack with on some rocks with a surfboard.", "A woman sitting on a large rock looking out at the water.", "A woman is looking into the water ready to go surfing"]
["A photo of a person carrying a surf board out of the waves.", "Image of a photograph of a female surfer carrying a board on her head.", "A surfer is walking on the beach on a cloudy day.", "a severely edited photo with too many filters", "A woman carrying a surfboard on top of a snow covered ground."]
["kids play soccer is a soccer field, one boy just kicked the ball", "A young man kicking a soccer ball down a field.", "A player defends his goal during a soccer game.", "A group of kids wearing blue uniforms playing soccer.", "A boy kicking a soccer ball during a soccer game."]
["A black and white panda bear sitting on the ground next to a white thing.", "The Panda is licking the large mound of food.", "A panda bear trying to eat from a pack.", "A panda inspecting something that is in front of it.", "A panda bear investigating a strange object in its pen"]
["A black and white panda playing with a rusted sink.", "a black bear feeding in the bush alone", "A panda bear licking an object on the ground.", "A panda bear licking something on the ground. ", "a close up of a panda bear next to a bag "]
["A panda is eating a frozen treat with fruit in it.", "a panda bear laying in a field near a rock", "A panda resting on a hard surface on the ground.", "A panda curled up asleep on a rock.", "A panda bear playing with a rock. "]
["A woman cuts a pan of cookies into bars on a kitchen counter.", "A woman preparing a large pastry in her own kitchen ", "an elder woman cutting cake into slices ", "A woman is using a knife to cut fudge.", "A woman that is standing in front of a tray."]
["a piece of cake on a plate near a cup of coffee on a table ", "A piece of carrot cake and a cup of coffee on a desk.", "A piece of carrot cake and cup of coffee are by a keyboard.", "A piece of carrot cake on a white plate with a cup of coffee.", "A piece of coffee cake on a small plate with a mug of coffee beside it."]
["A group of people standing around a table with plates of food.", "Long table filled with cake on individual plates.", "Plates of cake sit on a long table at a gathering. ", "A long white table holds many small plates with pieces of cake and forks on them.", "Group of people standing along a long table with plates of cake on it. "]
["A cake with a golf scene decorated on it. ", "This is a cake decorated like a golf green with a bag of golf clubs and two balls", "A birthday cake that has a golf bag on it.", "A cake covered in green and white frosting.", "A cake with green and white frosting and a golf theme."]
["A large slice of angel food cake sitting on top of a plate.", "A small plate contains a large slice of cake. ", "A quarter of a cake on a plate", "A large piece of yellow cake sits on a plate.", "A large slab of sponge cake sits upon a flowery plate."]
["A man carrying a surfboard across a field.", "A man with goatee carrying a wooden surfboard.", "The man has a surfboard under his arm.", "A man is standing while holding a wooden surfboard.", "A man smiles at the camera while holding a board."]
["A man holding a surfboard inside of a room.", "His surfboard is a perfect fit for his height.", "A man is standing in a room holding a surfboard.", "The older man is getting ready to surf again.", "the man holds a newly made surfboard before it is painted"]
["A man standing over an ironing board wearing a gas mask.", "A man wearing a mask holding a sander.", "a male in a black shirt is sanding a board", "A man wearing a protective mask is sanding wood.", "A man wearing a mask is doing some woodworking."]
["A large sheet cake with pools of fruit filling.", "Several items outlined in white with some orange and red items.", "A cake made with several different sections with a candle behind it.", "A very large cake showing the year sits next to a lit candles.", "A cake that has various gelatins in it."]
["A giant sonic the hedgehog standing on a beach with a surfboard.", "A cartoon character and North Shore surfboard are in the sands of this beach.", "A large figure and a surf board in the sand.", "A large Sonic statue on a beach next to a surf board.", "A cartoon character standing on the beach by a surf boards standing in the sand."]
["A sandwich on a plate near a bowl of chips and glass of water", "A chicken and tomato sandwich with chips and water on the side.", "A sandwich sits next to a bowl of chips, and glass of water.", "A sandwich sits on a green plate with a glass of water near.", "A red tray with plates of food and a glass of water."]
["A plate that has a piece of cake and ice cream on it.", "Slices of cheese cake and a glass of wine on a table.", "Several desserts and a glass of wine on a table.", "some plates with little desserts on them ", "A white plate with a piece of cheese cake on top of it."]
["two people standing next to a table with a cake", "A bride and groom cutting the wedding cake together.", "A bride and groom cutting their wedding cake.", "A bride and groom cutting a cake together.", "a couple cutting their wedding cake with a knife."]
["A young couple shows off a birthday cake on a plate. ", "A photo of two people next to a birthday cake.", "Two people near a big cake that is decorated.", "A young man and older woman pose for a picture with a birthday cake.", "Two people are posing in front of the cake. "]
["A man riding on top of a paddle board.", "A man standing on a surf board with a paddle.", "A man on a surfboard paddling through the water. ", "a man that is floating across a body of water", "A person with a surfboard in the water."]
["The lamp shines next to the made up bed.", "A bedroom area with a bed, lamp and tall windows.", "this bed is very large and is under a window", "A bed next to a lit lamp sits empty.", "a large bed sitting next to a wall with open windows"]
["A group of people riding sailboats on blue water.", "People are in the water on boards with sails.", "A couple of windsailers out at the beach", "A man stands in the surf and watches people windsurfing on a calm ocean.", "Three surf boards with sails on them in the water. "]
["A television sits on the counter in a small room.", "An empty hotel room with a small bed, tv, and desk with speakers. ", "A bedroom with a bed and other furniture and decor. ", "A bed in a room next to a television.", "The view of a motel room taken from just inside."]
["A group of boys play a game of soccer outside. ", "a group of people playing a game of soccer ", "A group of players kicking a ball on a soccer field. ", "A group of youth soccer players playing a game.", "A team of soccer players playing a game on a field."]
["Soccor players approach a ball that is in the air.", "Several young male soccer players play on a field as a ball sails overhead.", "a group of people playing soccer in a field", "Soccer players look on as the soccer ball flies in the air.", "Several men playing with a soccer ball in a park."]
["A pink and red couch in a room with a pink rug.", "The sun hits the floor in a rustic bedroom. ", "A bed in a bedroom with plaid pillows and blankets.", "a small bedroom all filled with pink colors and accents", "A room that has a brick wall and wood floorings with throw carpets on the floor."]
["A couple of women standing in front of a large sheet cake.", "Two women are at a food table cutting a cake.", "Two women standing at a table where these it a dessert and other people around in the background.", "some people and a table with food and drinks", "Two women are cutting and serving cake at a party. "]
["A person on a surfboard jumping out of the water", "A man riding on top of a board on a wave.", "A man surfing the waves on his surfboard in the ocean. ", "A person on a skate board in the air above a wave.", "Surfer performing aerial trick over breaking ocean wave."]
["Man on surf board surfing on ocean waves.", "A man surfing in the water attempting tricks. ", "a person riding a surf board on a body of water ", "A man on a surfboard catching a wave.", "A person who is riding a wave on a surfboard."]
["A toddler is drinking from a bottle while sitting on a bed.", "A small child is sitting on the bed while drinking.", "The little boy is sitting on the bed", "A small boy with a cap with a bottle on the bed", "A young boy sitting on a bed drinking a bottle of juice."]
["A little boy drinking out of a bottle.", "A toddler boy drinking from a sippy cup.", "a little boy tipping up  a bottle", "A child sitting on the bed drinking from his bottle. ", "A boy in striped shirt drinking from a bottle."]
["A little boy sitting on a bed drinking from a cup.", "A toddler sitting on a bed, drinking from a sippy cup while holding a remote control.", "A young boy sitting on a bed with a remote control in his hand.", "a young kid in a hat drinks from a cup", "A child drinking from a bottle in one hand and holding a remote control in another."]
["a laptop that is sitting on top of a bed", "A laptop charging on top of a bed", "A laptop that is sitting open on top of a bed.", "A laptop sitting on top of a bed with the desktop open.", "a laptop is sitting on a blue bed"]
["A couple cutting their red and white wedding cake", "A man cutting a cake with his bride.", "A bride and groom cutting their wedding cake.", "A man cutting into a cake as a woman watches.", "A young man and his bride about to have a piece if wedding cake."]
["A young woman is laying in bed with a phone.", "A lady wearing a black and white dress laying on a bed.", "A beautiful young blond laying on top of a bed.", "Woman asleep on a bed fully dressed in a black dress.", "A woman covering her eyes lying on a bed next to a cell phone."]
["A minimalist bedroom with low furniture and a quote on the wall.", "A large white bed sitting in a bedroom next to pictures.", "An image of a bed with a quote at the top", "a message poster with a bed and writing above it ", "A advertisement for a bed spread and mattress. The room looks very elegant."]
["A very orderly office with a bed in it was very well lit cause of open windows.", "a laptop sitting on a desk in a small office", "A home office has a desk and a laptop.", "A room with a desk and a dresser.", "A bedroom scene complete with a desk and laptop."]
["A bedroom with a dresser, tv, and a lamp in it.", "A bedroom with the door open and a few items on the bed", "The bedroom features a good size dresser and mirror.", "A bedroom with a bed, dresser, mirror and television.", "A tv monitor on the desk and a bed "]
["Two people sitting on a bed working on Mac laptops", "Two people in bed using their Apple laptops.", "Two people in bed covered up and  using laptops.", "there are two people in bed using lap tops", "A couple of people lying in a bed holding laptops."]
["A Woman sitting on top of a bed while using a laptop computer.", "a girl laying in bed with her laptop", "A girl sits on her bed using a laptop. ", "a person sitting in a bed with a laptop", "Woman in a bed with a laptop on her lap next to a window."]
["A young child is playing with the television remote", "A toddler in a striped shirt and tan hat holding a remote control. ", "A young boy wearing a cap plays with the remote control.", "A little boy on a bed with a hat holding a remote.", "A young boy is looking away from the camera, holding a remote. "]
["a small boy with a hat playing with a remote", "A young boy on a bed using a remote control", "A little boy sitting on a bed holding a remote control.", "The young child is holding the remote control.", "Small child in pink shirt holding up a grey controller. "]
["The book is laying open on the bed.", "A open book laying on a bed in a room.", "A book is open and face down on a bed with colorful bedding.", "an open book laid on top of a bed", "A small paperback book that was left on a bed."]
["there is a surfer that is riding a wave in the ocean", "a person standing on a surfboard and riding a wave", "A man on a surf board surfing on the sea.", "a person is riding a wave on a surfboard", "a man that is on a surfboard in some water"]
["A man and two children laying on surfboards in the sand.", "A group of people riding on top of surfboards.", "Kids and an adult are laying on a surfboard on the water.", "a man with the kits sailing on the waters", "A man and children balancing on surfboards in the water"]
["A man riding on top of a paddle board on water.", "a man standing on a surf board in the ocean", "a man is standing on top of a surf board at sea", "The man is standing on a surfboard in the ocean with a paddle.", "A man in calm waters has a stick that he is using to stir his surfboard."]
["A person standing on top of a bed covered in a blanket and pillows.", "A man is standing on top of a bed.", "a person in a striped shirt standing on an unmade bed", "A person stands on an unmade bed in a wallpapered room.", "A man whose head is not pictured stands on his bed"]
["A bedroom with a bed and chair along with a nightstand with lamp on top of it.", "A white bed has a red and green pillow on it.", "people forgot to clean up after they messed the bed up", "A bedroom with a bed that has some personal items on it", "A bed has a white bedspread and decorative pillows along with some personal items on it."]
["A large bed sitting in a bedroom next to a chair.", "a nice bed and a rainbow chair and big window ", "A typical hotel room, set up with a bed and chair.", "A bed made up with a comforter and  pillows in a hotel room.", "A bedroom has green carpeting, blue walls, a bank of window with blinds,  with colored partitions, a chair with colored stripes, and a double bed with a headboard of differently hued wood panels, and yellow and blue linens and pillows. "]
["Inside of a bedroom with a bed and lamp.", "a large white bed that is next to a blue wall", "A bed in a bedroom with blue shades of paint", "A bedroom area with a bed, nightstands and a chair.", "A bed with black and silver pillows on it next to a blue background."]
["Four surfers ride the waves in the ocean with other people visible further out to sea", "Surfers on their surfboards line up for waves.", "A group of surfers in the ocean riding on the waves.", "Several surfers riding a small wave while another watches.", "The surfers are ready for the waves coming their way."]
["A group of people in the ocean on surf boards.", "A dozen people are in a body of water, some with surfboards", "Many people in the ocean on surfboards with some riding a wave.", "Several people are swimming and surfing in the ocean.", "People play and swim in the ocean water."]
["A person riding a surfboard in the ocean.", "Person on surfboard riding small waves toward shore. ", "Today is not a good day with no waves to surf.", "A woman riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A person that is laying on a surfboard in the water."]
["A hotel room with two beds and a painting on the wall.", "A hotel room that has two beds in it.", "this is a hotel room with two beds", "A hotel room with two beds, only one has been slept in.", "A hotel room with two beds and a framed picture of a man."]
["A man on a surfboard in the water.", "A man being pulled on a water board behind a boat.", "A man surfing the wake behind a boat", "A young man is enjoying the waves on his board. ", "A young man surfing in the ocean waves."]
["A bedroom with a giant clock hanging in the wall.", "An unmade single bed in an upstairs bedroom in the early afternoon", "A clock that is on the wall near a mirror.", "A bedroom that has a large clock on the wall.", "A bedroom with an unmade bed and a large wall clock."]
["A crowd of people standing next to a bed on a sidewalk.", "a large group of people around a bed that is outside.", "A group of people and a bed in an outside setting. ", "A bed is in the middle of the street with a crowd of people.", "A crowd gathered around a person standing next to a bed."]
["A crowd standing around a bed next to a building.  ", "A crowd of people surrounding a bed in the street.", "A man is surrounded by people in the street. ", "A group of people surrounding a bed in the middle of town.", "A large crowd of people surrounding a bed."]
["a man working on a pizza in a kitchen", "A man standing in a kitchen preparing a pizza.", "The person is cutting a pizza on the kitchen counter.", "there is a man standing in the kitchen cutting a pizza pie", "Person cutting a pizza on top of wooden cutting board. "]
["A man holding a red surfboard at a beach looking at the water.", "A man carrying a surfboard is entering the ocean.", "A man carries a red surf board to the water.", "A man carrying a surfboard out to sea.", "A man carrying a surf board with water and mountain background."]
["A man riding a wave on a surfboard.", "Man on surf board riding a wave while another is padding in a canoe.", "The men are surfing on their boards in the water. \n", "A man riding a surfboard while another person is paddling a kayak.", "Two people on surfboards, one standing and the other paddling while seated."]
["A man and two children paddle on top of a surfboard. ", "Adult male taking children for a ride on surfboard.", "There are several people on the water trying to surf.", "a couple of people that are on a surfboard", "Two children are riding a surfboard with a man."]
["a sleeping baby wearing gray red and black ", "A baby wearing bear slippers lying peacefully asleep.", "A baby laying in a bed in a room.", "A very cute small child laying on a big bed.", "A child lays on a bed with a sheet."]
["A man touching an iron board in a room filled with other items. ", "A man that is standing next to a ironing board.", "A guy in a small room rubbing an ironing board.", "a man is crafting a surfboard in a garage", "A man varnishing a surfboard in a shop."]
["A red soft bed with light shinning through", "Two red beds sit near each other in a sunny room.", "a bed room with two beds near each other", "Two beds set right next to each other in a room", "A bed with red sheets and a large wooden headboard."]
["A unique style bed with red covers and a mirror behind it.", "A room with a double bed and curtains.", "A red sleeping area in a bedroom scene\n", "The beds in this bedroom are placed side by side one another. ", "A living area with mirrors, two beds and curtains."]
["a couple of people that are standing up by a surfboard", "A man standing next to a  little girl in front of a surfboard.", "A man and a little girl pose with a surfboard in front of a shop.", "a man and a little girl standing outside of a surf shop", "a man is standing with his daughter next to a blue surfboard"]
["A woman in a short red dress standing on top of a tennis court.", "A girl getting ready to hit a tennis ball that is in the air in front of her ", "a girl dressed in red returning a served tennis ball", "Small girl in red skirt outfit swinging at a tennis ball. ", "A girl holding a tennis racket is hitting a ball."]
