["Two elephants stand next to each other in a field", "Two elephants standing near a tree, with some foliage behind.", "Two elephants in an enclosure standing next to each other.", "Two adult elephants grazing and eating grass in a fenced in area.", "Two elephants taking a stroll in the wilderness."]
["An elephant on a grassy field during the day.", "an elephant is eating some food and some trees", "An elephant walking in grassy area next to trees.", "A large elephant standing in a grassy field.", "An elephant walking across the grass, carrying leaves in its trunk."]
["A rather large heard of elephants, including a baby. ", "A family of both adult and child elephants.", "some elephants are in some water  and there is also dry grass", "African elephants play and hang out by the water.", "Several elephants giving each other a bath in a pond.  "]
["A woman is waiting for a train. ", "A woman waiting at a train station with a suit case.", "A person with a suitcase stands waits near the train tracks. ", "A young woman in a red skirt is waiting on a train platform with her suitcase. ", "A woman waiting for a train with her luggage beside her."]
["A harbor area with boats and a carousel in the background.", "A dock with boats and a carousel is shown.", "A lit merry go round a dusk on a dock", "A photo of boats and carousel on a boardwalk.", "A picture of boats in the harbor and a \"Merry-go-round\" ride in the distance. "]
["A large elephant standing next to a stone wall.", "A very pretty and plump elephant by some trees.", "A backwards facing elephant standing on a concrete surface.", "The elephant is walking towards two large columns.", "Bored elephant in bright sun in a zoo enclosure."]
["A luggage bag filled with various colored pieces of clothing.", "A piece of luggage covered in lots of clothing on top of a bed.", "A suitcase is open with clothes lying on it.", "a mess of various clothing on a chair ", "A cat sleeping in a full, open suitcase."]
["A group of people on small boats with lights as it is getting dark outside.", "an image of military boats with lighting on them", "A group of boats docked on rocks with trees in the background.", "Many people standing on small boats on top of a lake", "The junk boats at night with colorful lanterns."]
["A group of boats floating on a body of water.", "A big ship docked at a dock across the water from smaller boats at a dock.", "large boast are docked at a small pier", "The coast guard sits at the dock awaiting any mayday calls", "Several boats that are in a body of water."]
["A trunk filled with plants with a mirror behind it.", "Small plants have been placed in an old suitcase.", "An old styke suitcase being used as a decorative flower pot.", "a trunk sits open full of cactus type plants", "A suitcase is being used to hold potted plants."]
["Two elephants in a dry lot contained by fencing.", "Two elephants stand in a pen and are touching each others faces with their trunks.", "Two gray elephants can be seen, one with it trunk in the other's mouth.", "two elephants are in their pen and some trees", "Two elephants standing next to each other inside of a cage."]
["A person riding on top of an elephant near a tree.", "A man that is on the back of an elephant.", "A person riding on the back of an elephant.", "a large elephant that has a man on top", "A man riding on top of an elephant on the street. "]
["A little baby sitting inside of a dog bed.", "A small baby sitting in a suitcase full of clothes.", "An infant sits in a suitcase full of clothes.", "A baby sitting in an open suitcase filled with clothes. ", "A baby looking up while sitting in a suitcase full of clothes."]
["Two women are standing with umbrellas outside of a building.", "Two people standing facing each other with umbrella's.", "A couple of people holding umbrellas next to a giant vase.", "TWO PEOPLE ARE STANDING NEXT TO A VERY TALL BUILDING", "Two women with umbrellas meeting in the mosaic tiled room of a palace."]
["A persons foot standing next to a dogs foot.", "A sneaker and a paw are seen on the grass.", "The toes of an animal and the toe of a white tennis shoe in grass", "A puppy paw and the tip of a white sneaker.", "a person shoe sits in front of a dog paw "]
["A cat sitting inside of a red bag of luggage.", "A black and white cat sitting inside a red suitcase.", "black and white cat in a red suitcase", "A black and white cat laying in a red suite case.", "The black and white cat peeks out of the zipper of a red bag."]
["A group of people that are standing near a gate.", "A person walking along a metal fence holding up an umbrella.", "some people are standing behind a black fence", "a group of people stand behind a fence ", "Several people holding balloons and standing behind a fence."]
["A group of people with umbrellas on a road.", "there are many people that are standing outside in the rain", "a group of people that have umbrellas in their hand", "A group of people some with umbrellas watching something. ", "A crowd of people, some with umbrellas, stand in the walkway by a wall,  overlooking the road below, where there appears to be a gathering."]
["a woman in the street holding a large opened umbrella", "A woman standing outside holding up an umbrella.", "A woman standing with a umbrella in a parking lot.", "A woman standing in a parking lot with an umbrella open.", "The girl is standing under an umbrella in the rain."]
["A black dog catching a frisbee in grassy area.", "A dog jumping up to catch a Frisbee.", "This dog, romping on the roped in  lawn, is protected from the water hazard.", "A dog is catching a Frisbee in a park.  ", "A black dog in a yard jumps up toward a yellow Frisbee."]
["a dog that is on some grass in front of a building", "A dog standing in the grass near bushes.", "A black dog standing next to a house.", "A dog standing in the grass as a frisbee flies pass him towards the bushes. ", "A shrub that has been shaped to look like a dog."]
["a dog walking on his hind legs carrying a Frisbee ", "A black dog holding a yellow frisbee in it's mouth.", "A very cute curly haired dog with a toy.", "a close up of a dog jumping in the air with a frisbee in its mouth", "A dog catching a frisbee in a yard "]
["a dog in a field near a fence ", "A dog that is sitting down with a frisbee.", "a dog sitting on the grass with something in it's mouth", "a black dog a yellow frisbee and a fence and grass", "Hey dog catching a frisbee now in yard"]
["A small dog running on a field with a Frisbee.", "a black dog running to catch a Frisbee", "A dog that is in the grass with a frisbee.", "Curly haired black dog runs after a flying disc.", "Black curly haired dog chasing yellow flying disc in grass yard."]
["The dog is achieving high jumps in the yard.", "a dog leaping into the air above a grassy field", "a dog that is running around on some grass", "A black dog in the field with grass playing", "A black dog wearing a red collar jumps off the lawn."]
["Many brightly colored umbrellas hanging downward from a domed ceiling.", "Chandeliers of an atrium in a building are decorated with flowers.", "A ceiling with lots of colorful umbrellas hanging from it.", "A domed ceiling is decorated with umbrellas that have bright red and yellow flowers on them.", "Flower umbrellas hanging upside down inside a room."]
["A large green trunk sitting on top of a wooden floor.", "A painted trunk sitting on a wood floor ", "A green suitcase sitting on a wooden floor.", "The green plastic looking box is setting on the wood floor.", "A green suitcase sitting on a wood floor."]
["Some luggage against the wall of a hallway", "A hotel hallway with various luggage next to paintings.", "A pile of luggage sitting in a hallway next to doors.", "Several stacks of luggage sitting a hotel hallway.", "A hotel hallway with suitcases sitting outside the rooms."]
["A view of a red sports car with luggage on the back of it.", "a suitcase is on the back of a red car", "The suitcase is on the rack of the car.", "A red convertible has a piece of luggage on the back.", "Classic red car with leather suitcase attached to rack."]
["A couple cross country skiing with their dog.", "A man a woman and a dog walk in the snow.", "Two men are walking in the snow with a dog.", "Two skiers cross country skiing with their dog nearby. ", "Two people and a dog are cross-country skiing across a snowy field. "]
["A lady is on the beach hiding in her umbrella. ", "A person on the water with a umbrella.", "A person is walking on a beach holding an umbrella.", "a female wearing black and a red and white umbrella", "there is a woman on the beach holding a red and white umbrella"]
["A man and a dog are on a board in the water. ", "a man that is on a surfboard with a dog", "A man riding a paddle board with his dog on front.", "a person riding a skateboard with a dog ", "Someone riding a raft board in the water with their dog. "]
["A person who is playing piano under an umbrella.", "Two people are passing a man playing a piano on the street.", "a vintage photo of a man playing a piano outdoors ", "this is a man and woman walking in the rain", "Two people walking by a piano player on a rainy street."]
["A piece of luggage with a rainbow strap and a ticket on it.", "A piece of luggage sitting on the ground wrapped in a rainbow belt.", "Large traveling case with elaborate patterns and multicolored banding.", "There is a suitcase with several colorful traveling tags.", "A plaid suitcase with a rainbow ribbon around it"]
["A person sitting with a cup on a luggage buggy in a waiting area.", "Man sitting in a chair drinking a shake", "A man sitting on a luggage cart inside of an airport.", "A man sitting on the end on a cart holding a drink.", "Man sitting with luggage on a cart in an airport."]
["A bed that is made with a stuffed animal on it . ", "A stuffed animal laying on top of a bed.", "A stuff animal rest on a pillow on a bed", "A stuffed animal on a pillow on a twin bed.", "a grey stuffed animal laying on a bed"]
["someones bed where they left a teddy bear ", "A child's toy bear is laying on a bed with a blue and orange pillow. ", "A bed sits in front of a painted wall. ", "A teddy bear lays upon a pillow on a bed.", "A bedroom scene with focus on a bed and a teddy bear."]
["a black and white photo of a building and two people with an umbrella", "A couple walking away from a palace in the rain. ", "People walking on the sidewalk in the rain.", "A walking couple under an umbrella in the rain outside a large building.", "A couple embraces under an umbrella in the rain"]
["A small black dog standing on a tiled kitchen floor.", "a  black dog with a donut behind at the tail", "A black dog is in a kitchen by a box.", "a black dog is standing in a room", "Dog standing on kitchen floor with pastry items place or his rear."]
["Small dog sitting on a carpet with a rubber doughnut toy.", "A black dog sitting on a rug on the floor with a doughnut.", "A dog is waiting to eat a sprinkled donut.", "Black dog with pink doughnut on tile floor.", "A little dog laying on a rug with a chew toy."]
["A black and brown dog sits on a white rug with a toy donut in front of him. ", "A small brown and black dog plays with his toy on the floor.", "A small black dog is laying on a rug with a toy.", "A small dark colored dog with a pink donut toy, sitting on a throw rug next to a black carrying bag.", "a little brown dog with a pink doughnut toy"]
["A horse is peaking out of a small window in a barn.", "A horse is shown in a window of a barn.", "A horse that is looking through the window of the barn. ", "A horse looking out a window in a log building.", "a horse looking out of a wooden barns window"]
["A black curly haired dog is playing with a frisbee.", "A dog is holding a Frisbee in a yard.", "A dog holds a Frisbee in its mouth in the grass.  ", "A dog is in the grass holding a frisbee in its mouth. ", "Dog fetching and lip laying with frisbee in a green park."]
["A polar bear relaxing in a pool of water.", "A polar bear lounging in a pool of water.", "A polar bear is on it's back in the water.", "A polar year rolling around in a pond at a zoo.", "A polar bear playing in the water at the zoo"]
["The polar bear holds onto a metal cage while swimming.", "A polar bear standing beside a cage. ", "a polar bear biting at a yellow cone and chain", "A polar bear plays in its habitat next to a yellow traffic cone.", "A polar bear in water puts his paw on a cage."]
["a dog looking at a frisbee in the air on a green sports field", "A dog standing under a frisbee on top of a field.", "a dog is runnign around in a large field", "A dog is catching a frisbee on a football field.", "A dog is running for a frisbee in the middle of a playing field in a crowded stadium.  "]
["A polar bear swimming through water in a zoo. ", "A bear is swimming near a rock in the middle of the afternoon.", "A young polar bear swims through icy waters.", "The animal is swimming in the water on its back.", "A polar bear swimming in an enclosure, with fake ice."]
["A group of people standing in a field.", "a number of people in a field playing frisbee ", "some women standing in a yard while holding some frisbees ", "Three women play with Frisbees in a shady park. ", "three women playing with frisbees outside on the grass"]
["A woman is placing Frisbees into a Frisbee basket.", "A beautiful woman putting a frisbee inside of a metal net.", "A woman is placing a frisbee into a metal device. ", "A lady putting a Frisbee back into the holder.", "A lady puts a frisbee in a frisbee goal. "]
["A woman holding a frisbee next to a frisbee golf basket.", "A woman holding a white frisbee standing next to a rusted net.", "A women holding a plate observing a very strange object with chains.", "A woman holding a bowl stops to look at some chains.  ", "A woman is holding a plate and a bottle"]
["A large panda bear sitting on top of a wooden post.", "A panda climbing up on a wooden bench.", "A panda is sitting on top of a few logs.", "A giant panda sitting on logs lazily yawning.", "A large panda bear with its mouth open sitting on top of some logs."]
["A dog sitting on a couch under a blanket.", "A dog laying down on a comforter on a couch.", "A large brown cat laying on top of a blue chair.", "A dog sitting on a couch with a pile of blankets.\n", "The dog is relaxing with his blanket on the loveseat."]
["A dog sitting on a couch looking to its side.", "A brown and white dog resting on a gray couch.", "A brown dog laying on a couch in the sun.", "A brown boxer dog is sitting on a sofa.", "a brown and white dag laying on a gray couch with the sun shining through the window"]
["A pretty lady wearing sunglasses holding a white frisbee.", "A being is doing something at this point that is brilliant. \n", "Woman in pink shades holding up a white frisbee. ", "A woman with glasses holding a frisbee at the park", "A girl posing with pink sunglasses and a Frisbee."]
["A large white polar bear standing on a icy pool.", "A wet polar bear holding a green cone in its mouth.", "A snow bear holding a paper cap in its mouth standing on the snow. ", "A white polar bear holding a green cone.", "a polar bear on the ice with a green cone in its mouth"]
["A polar bear in water with a round cage that contains an orange round object.", "A polar bear playing with an orange ball in a cage.", "a polar bear swims around in a pool", "A wet polar bear half submerged in water playing with a ball.", "A polar bear in water near an orange ball in a cage."]
["a sexy naked woman on a bed in front of a window", "A naked woman in black heels laying on a bed.", "A naked woman laying on a bed in shoes.", "A naked woman in high heels laying on a bed. ", "Naked woman with heels on bed and curtains"]
["A nude lady lying on a bed with white sheets", "The woman lays naked on her belly over the bed.", "A woman in heels laying on the white bed.", "A woman in nothing but heals on a bed.", "A woman is laying on a bed wearing heels with butt exposed."]
["LARGE BLACK AND WHITE PANDA BEAR WALKING AROUND IN AN ENCLOSURE", "A panda bear walking across a cement covered area.", "The large adult panda is walking around the gravel.", "A panda bear is walking along the ground.", "A cute panda bear walks inside a zoo."]
["A large panda bear walking along a dirt road.", "A panda bear walking around in the middle of a enclosure.", "A bear that is standing up in the dirt.", "A panda bear tilts its head to the side", "There is a panda who is standing up."]
["A panda is eating bamboo on the ground.", "A black and white panda bear playing with bamboo.", "A lovely polar bear playing with some bamboo. ", "Panda bear on back eating bamboo on top of rocks.", "A panda playing with some bamboo in a pen."]
["This is an image of a panda eating bamboo.", "A panda bear sitting down and eating a bamboo stick", "A panda chews on bamboo at an exhibit.", "A panda sits on the ground eating bamboo.", "A panda bear eating bamboo in a wooded area."]
["A panda bear with its hand to its mouth.", "a panda bear sitting up  smiling and covered in snow", "A very big cute panda in the snow.", "A black and white panda eating food in the snow.", "THERE IS A POLAR BEAR THAT IS LOOKING AT SOMETHING \n"]
["A large panda bear sitting in an enclosure.", "a black and white panda bear is sitting and eating", "A panda bear eating in its zoo enclosure", "A panda sitting in a dirt enclosure with trees.", "A panda sitting in its enclosure with trees and bushes."]
["A black and white panda bear walking down a dirt road.", "A black and white panda bear is walking towards the camera", "A panda bear walking across the ground behind a fenced in area", "A panda bear walks in its enclosure on bare ground.", "A panda walking slowly in his dirt enclosure."]
["Panda bear chewing on bamboo in a forest.", "A panda bear sitting in the grass near some branches.", "A large animal laying on top of a dirt and grass ground.", "a panda bear chewing on some plants ", "A panda is getting its fill of bamboo."]
["The panda bear is relaxing on the cool rocks.", "A panda enjoys lying down and sunning itself.", "A panda bear rolls around looking ridiculous. ", "Black and white bear resting near vegetation in enclosed area.", "a panda bear relaxing on a ledge in the shade"]
["A plate with a picture of a movie character painted on it in the sand", "Disc on beach, with dog prints in sand", "Frisbee lying in wet sand with dog tracks", "a blue frisbee sitting on the beach with dog paws next to it", "A blue frisbee with a star wars character painted on it on a sandy beach."]
["A panda bear eating something in an enclosure", "A panda bear sitting up in a tree next to green leaves.", "A panda bear in tree inside a zoo enclosure.", "A panda smiles from its enclosure at the zoo.", "Panda climbing up a tree to his wooden bed in zoo."]
["A brown bear cub and a raccoon eating berries in the woods.", "Pair of grizzly bears prowling for food on hill", "a couple of bears are in a grassy field", "Two bears are foraging in a bushy field.", "two brown and white bears and some plants "]
["A bear in an enclosure with dead wood, grass and large rocks.", "A bear stands on all fours near rocks and fallen trees. ", "A bear is surrounded by tree branches, and a fence. ", "There is a black bear eating grass in the wild", "A black bear surrounded by logs, rocks, and grass."]
["Close up of dog holding a soft frisbee in it's mouth", "Adult black dog holding a fabric chew toy. ", "Dog holding a padded frisbee sitting on a lawn.", "A black dog holding a frisbee in its mouth.", "A black dog with a frisbee in its mouth."]
["A small brown dog wearing a leash next to a bike.", "The dog is wearing a leash and is standing by the door.", "A dog on a leash sniffing at a door.", "A little dog on a leash is sniffing at a door.", "A dog on a leash standing at a doorway."]
["A dog holding a pink Frisbee in it's mouth.", "A snapshot of a light colored dog holding a pink Frisbee.", "A dog that his holding a frisbee in his mouth.", "A dog with a pink frisbee in its mouth", "A dog holds a pink frisbee in its mouth."]
["Some zebras are seen grazing in the field.", "Four adult zebra are grazing on a field of grass. ", "Four zebras are grazing on grass in a pasture.", "Four zebras eating grass on a field. ", "A herd of zebra standing on top of a lush green field."]
["Several zebras on a plain, grazing and congregating.", "Green hilly landscape with zebras in the foreground.", "Herd of zebra eating grass with hills in the distance.", "A grassy field with four zebras standing in it.", "Some zebras grazing in an open field near some hills."]
["A man and a woman walking walking two large dogs on a leash.", "A man and a woman walking dogs outside of a store", "A man and a woman with three dogs read the menu outside of the deli.", "People are standing in front of a store with dogs.", "two  people standing in front of a restaurant with their dogs"]
["Small black dog with paw on man's knee.", "A dog looking up from under a computer desk.", "A dog sitting in a couch with his owner hand on him", "A black dog sitting under a wooden computer desk holding a mans leg.", "a god on the floor near a desk with a keyboard on it"]
["A man sitting in a chair with a black dog in front of a computer.", "A man watching TV and a medium sized black dog in his lap. ", "A man sitting on a chair with a dog in his lap.", "A man on a chair with a dog in his lap. ", "A man near a desk with a dog on his lap"]
["A very cute dog sitting by a bright monitor.", "A dog, leaning against a laptop, looks gloomy. ", "A dog getting attention in front of a laptop", "A dog that is sitting near a laptop.", "Dog close up in front of tv in room with candles"]
["a dog with blue eyes standing in front of an oven", "A dog looks at the camera while standing beside a stove.", "The dog is looking anxiously at the camera operator.", "A dog looking forward while standing next to a stove. ", "a brown dog with a very big eyes"]
["The dog is wondering if he will get to have a piece of the roast tonight.", "A dog is cocking it's head while looking into an oven.", "A dog looking at something inside the oven", "a dog is looking into a black oven", "A very large dog looking in the stove."]
["A dog is standing in a sink ready for a bath.", "Dog standing in sink ready to be bathed in kitchen.", "A dog lowers its head to the ground ", "A dog is standing in a kitchen sink. ", "A small black dog standing in a sink"]
["A man with his dog out near a lake.", "A dog and man rest on the bottom of an overturned boat sitting on the bank of a body of water.", "A man and his dog sit by the water.", "A man sitting at the end of a boat with a white dog.", "A man and a dog sitting by a lake."]
["A man and two dogs laying on top of a bed.", "black and white image of a man in bed with two dogs", "Man and two dogs laying down on top of a bed. ", "A man laying on bed next to two dogs.", "Black and white photograph of a man on bed with two dogs."]
["A black and white picture of hills or mountains ", "A black and white photo of mountains and the sky  . ", "A black and white photograph of mountains with snow.", "A black and white picture of the top view of a snow capped mountain somewhere.", "A large mountain range partially covered with snow."]
["A dog skims across the water chasing something.", "A dog jumping in the water, chasing something.", "A dog jumping after something in the water.", "a dog jumps into a body of water ", "A dog leaps into the water chasing after a thrown object."]
["Two small dogs playing on the grass covered ground.", "Two dogs having fun wrestling on a grass covered field.", "Two dogs are playing with each other on green grass.", "A black dog on top of brown and white dog.", "Two puppies playing and rolling in the grass."]
["Two small dogs standing next to each other in a field.", "Three dogs, one being held by a harness approaching the camera.", "There is a woman with three different dogs in the park.", "A close of of two dogs help by their owner at a dog park", "Two dogs posing for a picture with a woman."]
["Two people on the beach are playing Frisbee. ", "A woman in her bathing suit about to catch a frisbee.", "The couple is playing frisbee on the beachfront of the hotel", "Couple of the beach with lady reaching out to catch a Frisbee.", "A woman on a beach is playing with a blue frisbee."]
["There is a mom zebra and a baby zebra on a large field", "The mother and the baby zebra are standing in the open field.", "A couple of animals that are in the grass.", "Zebra takes care of its young on grassy plain", "A mother zebra and her calf walking in a grassy field."]
["A big zebra and a small zebra are standing in a grassy field. ", "Two zebras standing in a field beside a goat. ", "A mother zebra and her baby are standing in grass.", "Two Zebras are standing in the middle of a pasture and there is a buck nearby. ", "a baby zebra standing in front of a bigger zebra "]
["Woman throwing a ball into the air in front of a house. ", "a woman running to catch a ball in a back yard", "a heavy set woman makeing a sudden movement towards a ball in the back yard", "A woman is running with her hand out.", "a woman playing catch in backyard near grill"]
["some oxen and a zebra laying on the ground ", "a number of animals laying on a dirt ground near a wall of rocks", "A zebra and some other animals are laying down.", "Zebra and wildebeest sitting in a sandy enclosure by a rock fence", "A zebra and other animals sit on the ground. "]
["Two zebras that are eating grass in a field.", "Two zebras grazing while a bird watches. ", "An adult zebra with the baby zebra in an open field.", "Two zebra standing next to each other on a grassy field.", "A zebra and its foal grazing on the savannah near a bird."]
["A zebra walks by himself in the brush. ", "One zebra grazing on shrubs in the wild.", "A zebra grazing in the wild by itself ", "Zebra looking for sparse grass within heavy bush cover.", "A zebra standing and grazing alone in some brush."]
["Horses are pulling a trailer with barrels on it.", "A horse is pulling a cart with barrels of beer on it.", "Some very big horses pulling a big wagon loaded with barrels.", "Clydesdale horses pulling kegs of beer down the street.", "Two horses that are pulling a trailer with a bunch of wooden barrels on it."]
["these cupcakes are decorated green with small horses", "A cake and cupcakes decorated with multiple horse figurines.", "there are many cupcakes on top of the table", "A large cake with horses on and next to it sits next to cupcakes. ", "A cake was made with plastic horses on top and seven cupcakes to spell a name"]
["A cake shaped like a horse with white frosting and decorative candies in different colors.", "White horse shaped cake with colorful candies on it. ", "A horse-shaped cake with white frosting and sprinkles.", "A close-up photo of a horse shaped cake.", "A BIRTHDAY CAKE IN THE SHAPE OF A HORSE"]
["a purse a pair of shoes and a horse behind a display glass", "A window show of some items for advertisement. ", "The store has a window display of their merchandise. ", "The front window of a clothing and accessories store.", "Sepia photograph of a store window with pillows and purses."]
["this is horses racing each other on dirt", "One horse has taken the lead in the race.", "Four horses are running along a dirt track.", "Race horses running down the track at top speed.", "Several horses running down the track near a fence."]
["A large horse stands outside of a barn and a silo.", "a horse next to a tall red structure", "A horse standing in front of two red silos on a farm.", "A red tower sitting on a farm next to a horse.", "A brown and white horse standing in front of a red silo."]
["A herd of zebra walking across a dry grass field.", "A large herd of zebra standing in the grass.", "Group of zebras traveling single file through grassy plain.", "A her of zebras standing around in the middle of a dry field.", "some zebras are walking in a grassy field"]
["The two zebra are surrounded by a herd of deer. ", "A couple of Zebras are in the center of many deer. ", "Two zebras standing next to each other surrounded by other animals.", "A couple of zebras being affectionate around gazelle", "Two zebras stands in a field amid a herd of antelopes"]
["Three people riding on horseback by the beach with a dog following. ", "Three people on horses on a beach with a dog", "Three people ride horses along the beach while a dog follows.", "Three horses with three people riding them along a beach with a dog walking off to the side.", "A group of people riding on the backs of horses."]
["A man riding a black hose in the snow through a forest.", "Person on the back of a horse on a snow field with snow on trees. ", "A person riding a horse through a snow covered forest", "A person is riding a horse through a snowy field", "a person riding a black horse on a path beside snow covered trees"]
["The man is walking up the stairs near a horse and rider statue.", "A man is walking up steps to a large building.", "A man walking up steps toward a monument of a gentleman on a horse.", "A man walking up steps with a statue the background. ", "A man walking up a stairway near a statue in a town square."]
["A man standing behind a brown horse on top of a field.", "a couple of people standing behind a horse.", "A man stands behind a large brown horse near a car.", "A man tends to his horse using a ribbon.", "Three men are standing behind a large horse."]
["Horse standing on sidewalk with white carriage in city traffic.", "TWO PEOPLE SITTING IN A CARRIAGE BEING PULLED BY A HORSE", "Two people being pulled in a horses drawn carriage.", "horse carriage carrying two people stopped on the street.", "A horse stands while carrying a cart of people"]
["two brown horses standing behind some rocks ", "Horses are sticking their heads out from the rocks", "Two brown horses hold their heads above a rocky wall.", "Two horses looking over a short stone wall.", "a couple of horses poke their head over a rock pile"]
["Two women are on a set of brown stairs.", "Two young women walking down brown carpeted stairs.", "Two girls coming down steps in heels and dresses.", "Two women on a staircase, one eating a banana and the other one reaching for a peel.", "A woman walking down the stairs with another trying to pick up a banana peel."]
["a grape fruit sliced in half on a plate ", "Two halves of grapefruit on a plate on a table ", "a large grape fuit cut into pieces on a plate", "Two pieces of fruit lay on a plate. ", "A plate with a grapefruit cut in half. "]
["A white paper plate topped with orange slices.", "The orange sections are displayed in an orderly fashion.", "A plate of orange segments laid out in a circle.", "A white paper plate with oranges on it", "A peeled orange with orange segments arranged in a plate."]
["A baseball player swinging a baseball bat on a baseball field.", "a batter swinging at something with a catcher behind him", "a person swinging a baseball bat on a baseball field.", "There is a baseball player who's just swung his bat", "a baseball player swings his bat at a ball "]
["A grocery basket full if fruit and vegetables walking in a store ", "a bunch of veggies and fruit in a shopping cart", "A shopping cart is full of fruits and vegetables.", "A shopping cart full of fruits and vegetables.", "A shopping cart is full of colorful produce."]
["A tray full of food including orange juice and bananas.", "Breakfast for two including fruit, juice, milk, and bread.", "An oval tray has breakfast for two on it.", "An elaborate breakfast plate with fruit, croissants, tea and cold cuts.", "Breads, meats, cheeses, and fruit are on the breakfast platter."]
["Person on skis on a snow covered path.", "A cross country skier is moving down a path", "A woman is cross country skiing through a tree lined path. ", "A woman is walking up the hill in the snow on skies", "A woman in a purple jacket is snow skiing."]
["People walk through a buffet line of bottled water and fruit. ", "A group of people getting food from a table.", "People in line by a table with waters, grapes and bananas. ", "THERE IS A BUNCH OF KIDS THAT ARE AT THE TABLE ", "young people collecting food fruits and water from a table"]
["A bunch of bananas are sitting in a glass server.", "a clear glass holder that has bananas inside of it ", "The cover and back of a Chiquitta Banana cookbook", "A bunch of bananas on a clear glass dish.", "A picture from a cookbook of a selection of banana's in a glass stand."]
["A man that is sitting down in a fruit stand.", "A man sits in a small food stand, selling bananas and other items.", "A person sitting on a counter near bananas.", "A man in white sits under an awning by some bananas.", "A man sitting in a vendor booth with bananas and food hanging by hooks. "]
["The plate is empty on the table. ", "A white plate with a plastic fork and food crumbs on it.", "A dirty plate and fork sitting on a table.", "A plate with a few crumbs, fork and scraps. ", "A fork is laying on an empty plate with crumbs."]
["there is a man sitting on the ground with many vegetables", "A man selling vegetables and potatoes at a roadside market.", "Two men sit in front of large baskets of fruits and vegetables. ", "A man sitting around a bunch of fresh produce.", "a man sitting on the sidewalk weighing some potatoes "]
["A man poses with some fresh fruit at an outdoor market.", "A man standing at a table thats top is covered with lemons.", "a man in a gray jacket and a table of oranges", "A man wearing a suit inspecting oranges at a market.", "A fruit or vegetable stand and a man looking at a fruit or vegetable."]
["A person is skiing down a snowy hill.", "A person skiing fast down a snowy hill.", "A person skiing down a snow covered mountain.", "A person snowboarding down a snow covered hill.", "A skier is skiing down the snowy slopes."]
["A man on skis goes down the snow covered hill.", "A male snowboarder traveling down a ski slope.", "a person skiing down a hill next to some trees ", "A skier skiing down a snowy mountain with trees in the background.", "A skier is making their way down a snowy slope."]
["Two female skiers are standing in the snow wearing purple attire.", "A couple of skiers in front of a sign", "A couple of people standing on top of a snow covered slope.", "Two women in skis standing by a sign and trees.", "A couple of people on skis examining a park description sign."]
["A man wearing skis holding two ski poles.", "A person on skis in front of stairs", "A man on skis poses as he prepares to leave the lodge.", "A man standing in the snow on his skis. ", "A man on a pair of skies near a building."]
["A bunch of bananas on a leafy stalk.", "A banana tree filled with lots of unripe bananas.", "A lush green banana tree with bananas on it.", "a bunch of bananas that aren't ripe yet", "Bananas growing around other vegetation and trees in the background."]
["four ripe bananas hanging on a banana tree stand", "A table with a bunch of bananas hanging from a holder", "Four ripe bananas hanging on a black stand", "there are a pack of bananas hanging on a hook", "A bunch of bananas hanging from a banana rack."]
["A sandwich on a plate with a bowl of soup with a pickle next to it.", "A plate of food has a croissant sandwich and soup", "A sandwich on croissants, soup and a pickle.", "A sandwich and a pickle with a bowl of food on a plate. ", "A bowl of soup, a pickle, and a sandwich are on a plate. "]
["A baseball player has his arm outstretched with a mid air ball near his hand.", "A baseball player throwing a baseball on a baseball field.", "A baseball player throws a baseball from the pitchers mound.", "A pitcher throwing a ball in a baseball game", "A baseball player throwing a ball during a game"]
["A group of people on a field playing baseball.", "Baseball player at home plate waiting for pitch.", "The baseball player  is getting ready for the pitch.", "A man looking back at another man catching a ball with a glove.", "A baseball player is at bat while watching another player await a pitch."]
["A table topped with a green bowl of cereal next to a ripe banana.", "A green bowl of cereal, a banana and a cup of black coffee.", "having a quality nutrition includes banana and oatmeal", "A box holding a healthy drink sits next to a banana and a bowl of granola.", "A banana, cereal, and coffee sitting on a table"]
["Someone holding a pancake with bananas in it. ", "A piece of bread with banana slices and cream on it.", "A piece of bread that has some pickle on it.", "A piece of bread that is on a napkin.", "A fluffy pastry item is in a napkin."]
["A slice of pizza is loaded with pepperoni and resting by itself.", "A slice of pepperoni pizza sitting on top of a black table top.", "a close up of a plate of pizza on a black surface", "A slice of pepperoni pizza on a white paper plate", "A large slice of pepperoni pizza on a white paper plate."]
["A pizza sitting on a table, it appears to have everything on it.", "A pizza is shown with several toppings on it.", "The pizza has black olives and green peppers on it. ", "There is a pizza with olives, peppers, meat, and cheese on the table.", "Baked pizza ready to slice and serve displayed on wooden table."]
["A baseball player holding a bat during a game.", "A baseball player is bunting at a pitch.", "a baseball player getting ready to bunt a baseball", "A player is in the middle of playing baseball", "A baseball player is about to hit a ball. "]
["A baseball player is running into home base, seen fro the stands.", "A group of men on a field playing baseball.", "A baseball player runs to the next base in the game.", "The view from the stands of a runner about to cross home plate at a baseball game.", "A base ball player runs towards home base."]
["The people are preparing to go skiing in the snowy forest", "A lot of people getting ready to enjoy some skiing.", "All of the people are gathered, getting ready to ski.", "A group of people that are standing in the snow.", "A group of people ready their skiing equipment in the snow."]
["Cream of wheat and milk in a blue bowl with sliced bananas as a topping.", "A blue bowl with bananas and oatmeal and milk.", "Banana slices added to a bowl of cereal.", "A blue bowl with oats, mils, and bananas.", "A bowl food containing milk, granola and bananas."]
["A plate with a slice of cake on top.", "A white plate topped with dessert and cream.", "A fancy dessert with chocolate cake, icing and other bits.", "A cake of some sort on a plate that is white.", "a plate filled with assorted desserts and cake"]
["a male pitcher is practicing throwing the ball", "A man on a field throwing a baseball.", "A baseball player in action on the field.", "a man throws a baseball next to a fence", "A baseball player throwing a baseball during a baseball game."]
["The market is selling bunch of bananas. ", "Fruits and vegetables being sold underneath a tarp.", "Bananas and variety of fruit at a market.  ", "Several bunches of bananas hanging over some produce", "A large number of food in a store "]
["A couple of sliced pizzas on a table.", "A cheese and broccoli pizza is served up on tin plates. ", "A slice of broccoli pizza is shown on the table.", "Nutritious pizza with toppings of egg and broccoli are kept in plates. ", "A tray of broccoli pizza with two slices pulled from it"]
["Baseballer standing with mitt in fenced field and grass", "A person standing on a field with a baseball glove.", "A teenager is in his baseball uniform on a field.", "a base ball player wearing a red and white uniform", "A young man in red and white baseball uniform on a field."]
["A baseball player catching a ball on the field ", "The young boy is playing a game of baseball.", "A boy with a glove throwing a baseball on a field.", "The young baseball player is throwing a pitch.", "A child pitcher gets ready to throw the baseball"]
["A banana sitting on top of a counter next to glass pots.", "A banana sits on a counter in front of Christmas themed dishes.", "A banana sits in front of some Christmas dishes.", "A banana is sitting on a counter next to pots.", "A banana sits in front of a display of Christmas pottery."]
["Bunches of bananas sitting on a wooden table beyond a metal gate.", "A large bunch of green bananas sitting on a table.", "a pile of bananas that are piled up on the table.", "Clusters of small bananas on a table behind bars.", "A group of bananas sits on a table trough a set of bars. "]
["A stand with four tiers holds bunches of bananas.", "A large display of bananas is seen on trays.", "We see a tall round rack full of bananas.", "lots of bananas on a four tiered shelf", "A bunch of trays that have bananas on it."]
["A family climbing up the side of a snow covered mountain with ski equipment.", "A group of people taking pictures in the snow with children", "a man, women and two children preparing to ski.", "A family takes a break from cross country skiiing", "Parents and two kids smiling  tramping through the snow."]
["A catcher kneels as a batter prepares for a pitch.", "A baseball player holding a bat during a game.", "A baseball player and a catcher wait for a pitch while an umpire looks on.", "A batter, catcher and umpire during a baseball game.", "Uniformed players at the home plate of a field."]
["The couple is skiing down the hill together. ", "The skiers are coming down the ski slope.", "A couple of people hiking up a ski slope riding skis.", "Two people skiing down some ski slopes with poles", "there are many skiers going up and down this mountain"]
["A apple with a face carved into it.", "a apple that is sitting on top of a knife", "An apple with a funny face carved into it.", "An apple is carved with facial features and teeth", "An apple on a table sits in a dark room"]
["A group of people standing on top of a snow covered ski slope.", "people holding skiing poles on the snow near mountains", "Skiers are preparing to hit the snowy slopes", "several people at a ski resort skiing in the snow", "Several people standing around in the snow with their skis on. "]
["A red-shirted skater doing tricks in a skate park.", "Three time lapse photos of a person skateboarding at a park.", "A person is riding down a ramp on a skateboard.", "three photos of a guy riding a skateboard in a pool", "The people are skating and skateboarding in the pool."]
["A group of boys are skateboarding on a skateboard ramp.", "People on skateboards are riding down a ramp.", "Five teenage boys are skateboarding in a skate park", "Stop motion shots of a skateboarder dropping in.", "A person with a blue helmet is skateboarding on concrete."]
["a man doing a jump in a swimming pool with his skateboard", "A man riding a skateboard shirtless with knee pads on. ", "A shirtless man performs a trick on a skateboard. ", "a shirtless man is skateboarding in a pool", "a shirtless young man on a skateboard at the rim of an empty swimming pool"]
["a white plate filled with pasta and broccoli", "A white bowl filled with pasta and broccoli.", "a white plate with some broccoli and some noodles", "A bowl with pasta, broccoli and meat, red pepper flakes and sprinkled cheese.", "A close-up of a plate of pasta containing broccoli."]
["An assortment of fruits on display at a market place.", " Row piles of apple, oranges fruits for sale", "Assorted fruits are propped and signified by signs. ", "A neatly stacked assortment of fruits line a market stand.", "A display at a grocery store filled with lots of different fruits."]
["a male skateboarder in a blue shirt doing a trick", "Boy doing a trick on skateboard in front of cement steps", "Dude jumps into the air on his skateboard off the steps", "A person jumping in the air with a skateboard.", "A skateboarder is doing tricks on public stairs."]
["Grape tomatoes, apples, and an onion are on a table.", "Baskets of tomatoes, apples, etc. placed among a sign that reads ORGANIC.", "A wood table full of vegetables and fruits on it", "Organic fruits and vegetables on display in containers.", "A table full of different kinds of organic fruits "]
["A man is performing a trick on skis.", "A skier is doing a backflip against a background of trees", "A skier is suspended upside down during a trick above a snowy ramp.", "Skier in an upside down flip off the hill", "A person doing a trick on a snowboard off a hill."]
["A blue plate with a pile of vegetables on a table.", "A blue plate loaded with broccoli and cauliflower", "A plate of broccoli and cauliflower with a slice of tomato.", "A pile of broccoli and other vegetables sits upon a blue plate.", "A blue patterned china plate filled with broccoli and cauliflower. "]
["A boy jumping a skateboard ramp jump in front of others.", "Young men at a skateboard park and one of them is making a jump.", "A young man is doing a trick on a skateboard at a skate park.", "a bunch of people watch a person do a trick on a skate board ", "A group of hipsters hanging around a skate park."]
["A person on a skateboard does an air trick.", "a person jumping a skate board in the air", "A person jumping into the air on a skateboard.", "A woman jumping a skateboard at the top of a ramp.", "A young man is doing a skateboard trick."]
["A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "A skateboarder on a red skateboard, making a jump.", "A skateboarder performs a trick on his board while others watch.", "This is a person doing tricks on a skateboard.", "A close up of a person on a skateboard at a skate park."]
["A plate of broccoli covered in a sauce. ", "A plate topped with broccoli covered in sauce.", "A close up shot of some sauce on broccoli. ", "A white plate of broccoli with some dressing.", "Broccoli with an orange sweet glaze on top."]
["A container filled with broccoli and cheese and a spoon.", "Broccoli pieces cooked in a cheese sauce in a microwave tray.", "a serving of broccoli with a spoon in a container.", "A spoon sitting in a tray filled with a broccoli based meal. ", "a microwaved broccoli and cheese dish and a spoon"]
["A group of people are meeting to discuss future plans about their skateboarding. ", "A group of boys at some steps with skateboards.", "Many people with skateboards sit on the edge of a set of stairs. ", "A group of teenage boys in jeans and T-shirts are congregated on the steps of a shopping center. ", "Several skateboarders are looking at papers while sitting and standing."]
["A plate full of bread and chicken alfredo.", "Pasta with sauce and meat on plate on wood table", "A plate of food consisting of pasta and bread.", "A plate of food with bread and pasta with broccoli. ", "A plate of noodles, broccoli, and some meat."]
["a plate of food with broccoli on a table ", "a plate with some chow mein and meat mixed with broccoli", "A plate of food including broccoli is setting on a stove.", "The plate of mixed food has a side of rice. ", "A plate with a mound of rice and  pile of broccoli stir fry on it."]
["A dinner plate with broccoli, carrots, and stuffed peppers.", "The vegetables are on the plate near large stuffed peppers. ", "a plate of food and a thing of juice is arranged", "A plate of food with several colorful vegetables.", "A plate of food with stuffed chilies and a side of vegetables next to a pitcher of a pink beverage."]
["a person riding a skate board ata skate park", "Bright light showcasing a skateboarder flipping up off the ramp.", "A man riding up the side of a dry pool on a skateboard.", "a boy performing a skateboard trick in a skate bowl at night", "A person that is doing a skateboarding trick in the air."]
["Two boys walking along a wall in the dark with skate boards in their hands.", "Skateboarders are holding their boards while resting on a wall.", "a boy with a hat holding a skate board", "A couple of kids standing with a skateboard.", "A boy with a skateboard and a helmet standing in front of another boy."]
["The lady is outside in the sun eating.", "A woman sitting in the grass eating an apple", "a person sitting in a field eating something ", "A woman sitting outdoors eating an apple and wearing sunglasses", "a woman in glass bites into an apple "]
["A person extending a white plate holding a sandwich.", "a close up of a person holding a plate wit ha sandwich", "A person holding a plate with some food on the top.", "The sandwich is made up of several different ingredients.", "A person holds out a sandwich on a plate."]
["A man with a hat on is sitting at a table waiting to eat.", "The man eats a sandwich across from someone having a salad.", "A man in a pubcap winks at the photographer while sitting an outdoor table of food.", "A man is sitting in front of a small plate", "A man squinting with one eye as he eats a sandwich at an outdoor table."]
["A person that is skateboarding down a hill.", "there is a man riding a skateboard down the road", "A man with a helmet on a skateboard", "A shirtless man wearing a helmet on a skateboard.", "A skateboarder with pads and a helmet travels at speed."]
["A man riding a skateboard while wearing a helmet.", "A person on a skateboard going down a hill ", "a person riding a skate board on a street ", "A person with helmet crouched on skateboard in motion.", "a man rides a skateboard down the street"]
["A man in glasses is eating a sandwich.", "A boy is taking a bite from a sandwich.", "A teenage boy in a food court eating a sandwich.", "A person sitting in a restaurant, eating a sandwich.", "The man is enjoying the large cheesy sandwich."]
["Hot dogs and french fries are lined up at a table.", "A table with some containers of fries and some hot dogs.", "Hot dogs and french fries in paper serving dishes.", "A lot of food that is on top of a table.", "That looks like enough food for a couple of people."]
["A table that has a large assortment of snacks.", "Retro magazine spread for a garden buffet party", "A table with several plates of colorful foods", "A vintage recipe shows a photo of a table filled with food and dishes.", "A recipe article with a picture of various food items above the recipe text. "]
["A pile of fresh produce sitting inside of a container.", "A box is field with carrots, cabbages, potatoes and an assortment of other vegetables. ", "A case of fresh vegetables features peas carrots, cabbage, potatoes, kale, asparagus and red onion. ", "A variety of vegetables inside a box or crate ", "a bunch of carrots and other vegetables in a box"]
["The skateboarders practiced their jumps on the road.", "A young person ridding a skateboard between orange cones down a street.", "A person who is standing on a skateboard.", "A skateboarder riding past some cones out side.", "a guy on a skate board does a coo trick"]
["A man in a black snow suit sits in his snowmobile in a snowstorm. ", "A man sits on a snowmobile that is parked beside his companions.", "A man in a snowsuit is sitting on a snowmobile.", "the person is sitting on a snow mobile ", "It is snowing while someone sits on their snowmobile."]
["Bearded skateboarder maintains balance while skating up wall.", "Man skateboarding over a skate park arena area.", "A young man riding a skate board up a ramp.", "A skateboarder in black and white is in mid air.", "A man doing tricks on his skate board. "]
["A man riding up the side of an empty swimming pool.", "a person riding a skate board at a skate park", "A skateboarder skateboarding in an empty swimming pool.", "A man riding a skateboard on the edge of a pool.", "A skateboarder is performing a trick off of a concrete area."]
["A young male is riding his skateboard in his empty pool.", "A person on a skateboard does a trick in a pool.", "A boy is skateboarding in an empty swimming pool.", "A young man with his shirt off is on his skateboard near the ramp.", "A young skater is boarding inside of an empty pool."]
["People watch while two people are on a small ramp covered with snow with snow skis on.", "The two  people is skiing  down the hill.", "A group of people skiing down a hill of snow.", "A crowd watching two people ski down a ramp.", "Group of people watching two skiers come down a slope."]
["A little girl putting a carrot in her mouth.", "A girl is putting a carrot in her mouth.", "A little girl wearing glasses and a purple shirt eating a carrot.", "A little girl making a funny face as she enjoys a fresh carrot.", "A young girl with glasses eating a carrot"]
["A man wearing a hat standing next to a pile of produce.", "A man sitting at a table with fruits and vegetables", "A man sitting next to a table laden with produce.", "A man stands in front of piles of vegetables at a market.", "A farmer selling his wares at a farmer's market"]
["A man riding a skateboard over a metal rail in a parking lot.", "A person on a skateboard doing tricks outside", "Kid skateboarding on a rail, surrounded by a large group of people.", "A person on a skateboard does a trick.", "A skate boarder raises his hands while performing a stunt on a rail."]
["A girl on a scooter rides in a park.", "A young girl skating on the tarmac with a friend", "Two young children riding scooters in a parking lot.", "A girl wearing a helmet riding a scooter. ", "A girl with a helmet riding a skateboard."]
["A birthday cake with a knife in it", "a birthday cake made to look like it's bleeding after being stabbed", "an image of a 3 tier cake with blood coming out", "Knife sticking out of a cake decorated to look like squirting blood", "A two layer white and red cake with a knife through the middle."]
["a horror themed double tier cake with a bloody knife and an arm reaching into the cake", "A decorative birthday cake stored in the refrigerator.", "A cake that looks like a severed arm and a knife.", "A knife is stabbed into an unusual layer cake.", "A unique custom made cake sits in the fridge."]
["A feast of meat, potatos, and veggies on a plate", "A wooden plate topped with sliced meat and vegetables.", "A PLATE OF MEATS AND POTATOES AND VEGETABLES ", "A pork roast with greens and potato side dish", "A wooden plate with different types of food on it."]
["A platter topped with sliced vegetables with ranch dip in the center.", "Vegetable tray that contains carrots, cucumbers, peppers, tomatoes and celery", "A platter of raw vegetable crudites and dip sits on a table with other condiments. ", "a snack plate with dip carrots celery tomatoes pickles and cucumber on a table", "A vegetable platter with dip on a table "]
["The skier is wearing a blue snowsuit and the person behind her is wearing red. ", "Woman on skis stopping at the bottom of the slope.", "a woman who is skiing has stopped to pose for the camera", "Two people skiing down a slow filled mountain. ", "A woman skier on a snowy plain with another skier in the background."]
["A man flying through the air while riding skis.", "A man doing a twist in the air on skis.", "The skiier jumps high into the air doing a trick.", "a skiier doing a high jump in the air under a blue sky", "A skier jumps high into the air crossing their skis in a ski jump."]
["The skateboarder is checking his technique in the mirror.", "A man riding on top of a skateboard next to a woman.", "a male skateboarder in a blue jacket and a skateboard ", "A boy and a girl are under a canopy, and the boy is a skateboard while watching a television. ", "A woman is standing near a man on a skateboard."]
["A person with a skateboard on a street.", "a man holding onto a skateboard before he does a trick ", "A young man holding a skate board in one hand doing a trick.", "A man doing a trick with a skateboard on a sidewalk.", "Young man performing skateboard maneuvers at a skate park."]
["Boy on a skateboard in a skateboard park. ", "a person riding a skate board at a skate park", "A skateboarder doing tricks at a skate park.", "A boy does a skateboard trick on the edge of a ramp", "Young man on skateboard cresting the top of the bowl."]
["A hotdog is smothered in cheese and mustard and sitting next to onion rings.", "a large hot dog in a bun with onion rings", "Sausage with cheese and condiments and side of fried dish.", "A long hot dog is next to some onion rings.", "A very cheesy hot dog and some fried onion rings are ready to be eaten. "]
["a person with a snow board kneeling in the snow", "A person sits in the snow in front of a snowboard.", "A women sitting on the ground, in the snow with a large mountain behind her.", "The woman smiles while posing in the snow with her snowboard on. ", "Kneeling snowboarder smiles on snowy slope with mountain in the background"]
["A man riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.", "an  image of a guy that is on skiis", "A man in a red snowsuit riding a snowboard.", "A person wearing cold weather attire on a snow board.", "A man in a snow suit snowboarding down a slope."]
["A young man riding a rail down some stairs on a skateboard.", "A skateboarder doing tricks on a hand rail while people watch.", "A skateboarder is going down a stair handrail while people watch.", "skate boarder slides down a hand rail on stairs for onlookers", "Stairs with a group of young men sitting nearby"]
["A sandwich sitting on top of tissue paper on top of a wooden table.", "A person showing off what has been put on  a sandwich", "A sandwich with meat and cheese on a white paper.", "The small sandwich appears to have sour cream on it.", "A hand lifting up the top half of a sandwich. "]
["A hand is holding a hot dog wrapped in foil.", "A person holding a wrapper with a hot dog in a bun with relish and mustard.", "Hot dog smothered with mustard, relish and onions", "the person is holding a hot dog in there hand", "A person with a green shirt holds a hot dog."]
["a person at a table with a plate of food", "A woman sitting in front of a plate of food.", "Woman eating a really large sandwich at a dinner table. ", "a young woman with glasses holding a chicken wing in front of her body", "THERE IS A WOMAN THAT IS EATING FOOD ON THE PLATE"]
["A chef is holding a hot dog in a container.", "a male cook holding a paper bowl with a hot dog and standing next to a bun warming machine", "A man holds a hot dog while several people walk in the background.", "An older man in a chef coat holding some food.", "A chef holding a hotdog outside at a food stand."]
["A man doing a trick on a skateboard on a ramp.", "A skate boarder is doing a trick on the side of an empty pool.", "The young skateboarder is completely upside down during his trick.", "a young man flipping over on his skateboard in a skate park", "The skateboard rider is doing a trick upside down."]
["A skier is high in the air performing a jump while under a canopy of a dark grey sky.", "A snow boarder jumps high in the air with stormy sky.", "A young man riding a snowboard through the air above a mountain.", "A snowboarder doing a jump in the snow.", "A man skiing in the air above a snow filled mountain top"]
["A couple of hotdogs are on a plate", "Two hot dogs with various toppings sit on the plate.", "Two plated hotdogs with mayonnaise and pickles. ", "A couple of hot dogs covered in mayo and pickles.", "A pair of hot dogs with mayo and a pickle."]
["A bacon and cheese covered hot dog on a paper.", "A bacon cheddar hot dog bun in paper", "A hot dog in a bun topped with bacon and cheese.", "A cheesy covered hot dog sits in a bun", "A hot dog bun filled with strips of bacon and nacho cheese."]
["A young person riding a skate board up the side of a ramp.", "A woman does some tricks on a skateboard.", "Man leaps off the wall of a skate park on his skateboard", "a skater doing a gnarly front side indy in a pool", "A person doing skateboarding tricks in a skate park"]
["Boys playing on an indoor skate mat ramp", "A young man boarding down a ramp with spectators.", "A man on a skateboard doing down a skate ramp.", "A young person goes down a slope on a skateboard with no wheels.", "A young person is going down a skateboard ramp."]
["man practices snowboarding on indoor court while women look on. ", "A man who is jumping up on a snowboard but not on the snow.", "a man that is on a surfboard going down a ramp", "A man that is on a snowboard on a box.", "A man with a snow board is performing on a obstacle."]
["Kids are riding the ramps with their skateboards", "A group of young men riding skateboards on ramps.", "Skateboard ramps set up in a parking lot with boys skating on them ", "there are many skaters that are riding on the ramps", "People watch as a couple of people are skateboarding on ramps."]
["A tray that has plates on top of it.", "Three plates of hotdogs and french friends on a red tray.", "A tray with three plates of food is sitting on a table.", "Three plates of junk food sitting on top of a red tray. ", "a close up of a plate of food with french fries"]
["A large sandwich in a styrofoam container with a fork.", "A giant sandwich inside of a foam box next to a container of sauce.", "A container with a sandwich and a cup of sauce sitting in the grass.", "A barbecue sandwich in a foam container on the grass.", "A container with a meat sandwich and fork is sitting on the grass."]
["A chili cheese dog sitting on a red tray next to french fries.", "A hotdog on a bun with cheese and onions", "A hot dog with toppings sits in a container on a red tray.", "Some delicious food with French fries on top of a red counter. ", "a hot dog in a paper tray with toppings next to a paper tray of french fries."]
["A close shot of a hot dog, burger, and fries. ", "A hot dog and hamburger on a table.", "A hot dog with ketchup and mustard, in a bun, with French fries on the side.", "A professional photo of a hot dog, hamburger and fries", "A plate with a hotdog, hamburger and fries."]
["Man eating food item at table in indoor setting.", "A man eating food by shoveling it in his mouth.", "A man in plaid stuffing food into his mouth", "A man is holding food to his mouth. ", "Man eating hamburger, trying not to spill on shirt."]
["A man eating a pink frosted sprinkle filled doughnut.", "Man, sitting in car, eating pink frosted doughnut.", "A man in his car eating a donut.", "A man eating a donut with pink icing and sprinkles.", "A man in a car bites into a frosted doughnut. "]
["A little boy with glasses and a blue parka eats a doughnut.", "a little boy that is eating some kind of fruit", "A little boy eating a pastry while wearing a coat", "The child in a large blue coat is holding food in his hand. ", "There is a small child holding food in his hand."]
["A person is holding up some kind of sandwich to the camera.", "Open faced sandwich being held by someone at a table.", "A hand holds half of a meat and cheese filled sandwich.", "A diner holds a sandwich in their hand, while a side dish of noodles sits in front of their plate.", "A reuben sandwich in the hand of a person."]
["Pastry and bottle of liquid on table with various bottles ", "A doughnut and soda are shown sitting on a table.", "A glass bottle near a doughnut on a plate", "a sandwich and green bottle of drink on a table", "A table with a white plate of food and a bottle of beer."]
["A man holding a slice of pizza while wearing glasses.", "There is a man eating a sandwich with lots of cheese on it", "a man in red is eating some food", "A full view of an individual in the image\n", "A man looks at the camera while holding a hot dog"]
["A pizza sitting on top of a pan under a glass counter.", "A pizza with an unknown topping on it.", "A pizza with corn dogs on it sits on the pan", "there is a small pizza that has toppings on it", "some food is laying on a silver pan"]
["Small baskets of food are seen in this picture.", "Four paper containers filled with different kinds of food.", "a close up of different plates of food ", "Four small trays with a donut and other edible treats. ", "Containers with different types of food inside of them. "]
["A desert pastry with a filling in the middle.", "A person is holding up a frosted doughnut", "A person holds a donut with filling in front of a stage.", "The chocolate pastry has filling in it's center.", "A chocolate-glazed, cream-filled donut being held up in front of an outdoor concert stage."]
["An urban farmers' market with produce stalls and crowds of shoppers.", "A sunny day for all strolling at the Farmers Market.", "An outdoor product stand on a pedestrian street in the city", "THIS LOOKS LIKE A FARMERS MARKET ON A BRICK STREET", "A fruit stand in the middle of a busy outdoor mall."]
["A square pizza being cut into pieces by the pizza maker", "A man cutting a slices in a large pizza", "A cook is cutting a pizza into slices.", "A man cuts into food being cooked on a grill.", "A large square pizza being cut up by a person."]
["A young boy eating a doughnut with sprinkles at a table.", "Young boy eating a big donut in a restaurant.", "A boy eating a sprinkled donut in a classroom.", "A boy in blue shirt eating a donut covered in sprinkles.", "a kid in a classroom eating a donut"]
["A social occasion of people are uncovered before the open day.\n", "Two children sitting at a table eating some donuts. ", "a group of small shicldren drinking coffee and eating dougnuts", "An older man and woman observing a small boy and girl sitting at a table at Dunkin' Donuts eating donuts.", "Many kids eat donuts out of a box of donuts"]
["A man holding a sandwich in his hand.", "a man smiling while holding a  wierd sandwhich", "A person is smiling and looking at his sandwich.", "A smiling man lifts up a piece of bread.", "a close up of a person holding a sandwich"]
["a large number of people parasailing on the water ", "a water skier being guided by a kite", "Several people windsurfing on the water near a beach.", "A man para sailing on a sail board in a lake.", "A man surfing while flying a kite at the same time."]
["A boarder is jumping high into the air with a sail.", "a person riding a parachute wake board jumping in the air", "A man on a wind surfboard doing a trick on water.", "A man suspended above the ocean on a knee board.", "A man is wind surfing over the water."]
["That is a great place filled with things to see.\n", "A group of people surfing and flying kites in the ocean waters", "Several wind surfers are on the blue water.", "People kite surfing in the water near the beach.", "A couple of people on surf boards in the water."]
["A person standing on a beach flying a kite on the beach.", "A person on the beach flying a kite. ", "A person flies a kite on a beach.", "this is a person flying a kite in the water", "A view of a man holding a kite from far away."]
["A man is holding a sandwich while sitting at a dinner table.", "A man holds a sandwich to the camera. ", "A sandwich with food in between during the day.", "A person in a striped shirt holding a sandwich over a plate.", "A man holding a sandwich in his hand."]
["A man eating food while holding a smart phone and wearing a goggle shirt.", "A man with a phone wearing a google t shirt", "A man holding a cellphone ad eating a donut in a parking lot.", "Man with black shirt and cellphone eating a sandwich.", "A person holding a phone is eating a burger."]
["THERE IS A MAN THAT IS STANDING ON THE BEACH ", "A man looks at a surfboard while holding the ankle strap on a beach.", "A man is holding his shark surf board up by a piece of string on the sand.", "A man holding onto a surfboard on the beach", "a tall male holding a surfboard on a beach near the ocean"]
["A slice of pie sitting on top of a white plate.", "A plate on top of a table that has a chocolate cake and ice cream on top.", "A plate that has a dessert on it sitting on a table.", "A slice of rich and decadent cake covered with frosting sits on a plate.", "A desert topped with whipped cream is sitting on a plate. "]
["A steak sandwich on a bun with peppers, pickles and cheese.", "HOT DOG BUNS FILLED WITH GREEN PEPPERS AND ONIONS ON A PLATE", "Meat and vegetables sit on buns on a plate.", "a plate of sandwiches that is sitting on a table", "A plate topped with two hot dogs smothered in condiments."]
["A woman is getting ready to take a bite out of a large sandwich.", "A woman holds up half of her chicken sandwich ", "A woman holding a sandwich and sitting in front of plate with onion rings.", "A woman holding sandwich and a plate of food at a restaurant. ", "A woman is holding half of a sandwich while the rest of the sandwich sits on a plate."]
["a cake decorated with trees and a river", "A large decorative chocolate cake sit on top of a table.", "A cake was made that looks like a forest with dirt, bears, and trees made from frosting.", "A cake made to look like a water fall with rocks and tress around it", "A woodland scene created with cake and frosting."]
["A three-tier wedding cake with a tree decoration.", "A triple layer cake sitting on top of a blue plate.", "Three tiered decorated cake displayed on a table.", "A white three-layer cake with a tree decorated on the side.", "A wedding cake decorated with a tree design."]
["A sandwich cut in half next to a drink.", "A sandwich cut in two sits on white paper in front of a drink in a clear plastic glass.", "A very big tasty looking sandwich next to a drink.", "A sandwich on toast and a glass of juice with ice", "a sandwich a fork and a drink on a table"]
["A sandwich is on a long bun in paper wrapping.", "A sandwich of grilled meat and vegetables on flaky bread. ", "Close-up of a sandwich in a deli paper wrapper.", "The sandwich has mead and a variety of vegetables.", "The hoagie sandwich is piled high with meat and vegetables."]
["A guy on a surfboard riding a wave in the ocean.", "A man in a wetsuit rides his surfboard.", "man in black wet suit riding a wave in ocean", "A person who is on a surfboard in the ocean.", "A surfer is riding through a small wave."]
["a surfer on top of a wave in the water. ", "A person that is surfboarding through the waves in the ocean.", "A man on a surfboard surfs through the waves of a windy coast.", "A surfer rides a wave while another surfer paddles towards the wave.", "a guy going out to the wave and a guy coming in on a wave"]
["A man in a wetsuit on a surfboard in the ocean.", "A man on a surfboard rides a wave.", "A surfer riding the crust of a wave.", "A man on a surfboard riding a wave.", "a surfer in a wet suit is riding a white and black board"]
["one surfer if riding a wave while the other is sitting on his board", "A man with a wet suit on riding a surfboard on a wave.", "A surfer rides the middle of a shallow, white water wave.", "A guy surfs a wave on a surf board. ", "A man riding a foamy wave on top of a surfboard."]
["A bed and a laptop in a room.", "A bedroom with bed, laptop, and Italian flag in it.", "a flag is hanging above a bed in a room", "A bedroom filled with furniture and decor and lights.", "Italian flag hanging above a bed in a small room. "]
["A small bed in a room with a small white sink.", "A laptop is on next to a sink in a small room.", "A small room shows a twin bed and sink.", "A sink, a desk and chair and a cot in the corner of a room.", "A bed next to a closed window near a laptop computer and a sink."]
["A group of people carrying surfboards on top of a beach.", "Group of adults and children carry water equipment into the ocean.", "Adult and child surfers are along the ocean shore.", "Some boys with surfboards and wetsuits are on the beach with two adults.", "Some people are carrying a surfboard at the beach."]
["The circular bed has a chandelier above it.", "Huge circular bed with an open magazine on it sits in front of balcony doors", "A round bed with a chandelier hanging from the ceiling.", "A round bed has a chandelier hanging over it.", "A magazine lays open on a round bed."]
["A woman works the counter at a bakery.", "A woman standing in front of a counter full of baked goods.", "A woman in a bakery smiling behind the counter. ", "A chocolate cake and a woman standing behind and to the side.", "A women standing in a bakery with cakes for sale."]
["A cat that is laying on a bed looking at the wall.", "A cat sitting on the corner of a bed.", "A black and white cat laying on a bed", "A black and white cat sitting on a bed.", "A cat sits on the corner edge of a bed."]
["A white table topped with black plates filled with cakes.", "Four colorful pastries on black plates atop a white table.", "Plate of various deserts placed on chocolate circles.", "A platter of various colorful appetizers ready for serving.", "Objects are displayed on a circular white table."]
["A boy smiles next to a birthday cake. ", "A young kit stands before a birthday cake decorated with captain America.", "A young boy standing in front of a themed birthday cake.", "A little kid that is smiling in front of a birthday cake.", "A little boy is smiling over a birthday cake."]
["Soccer players are sprinting neck and neck for the ball.", "Girls running after a soccer ball during a game", "A group of young children playing a game of soccer.", "A group of kids run after a soccer ball.", "Several young women playing soccer on the field."]
["Two young women playing a game of soccer.", "a girl playing soccer and kicking a ball", "a group og young people playing soccer on a field", "A young lady jumping in the air while playing soccer.", "Kids playing soccer while one falls down with others sitting under umbrellas."]
["A girls soccer game is in the works onthe field.", "girls soccer teams playing against each other both wear blue", "A couple of girls playing a soccer on a field.", "Two girls on a soccer team chasing after a ball.", "Young girls prepare to get the ball as they play in a soccer match."]
["a female in a green top and a laptop", "A woman laying on her side using a laptop.", "Woman laying on her bed while using a lap top.", "A girl using her laptop computer on her bed.", "Girl using her laptop computer while laying on a bed."]
["Man walking into ocean holding surfboard under arm", "A man is stepping into the ocean carrying a surfboard.", "A person walking into the water holding a surf board.", "A man walking across a wave covered beach.", "A man walking into the ocean with a surfboard. "]
["A piece of cake sitting on a plate next to a drink.", "A cheese cake is turked upside down on a plate.", "A slice of cake sits half-eaten beside a beverage in a glass.", "there is a very tall piece of cake that is on this plate", "A plate of dessert sitting beside a drink in a cafe."]
["A chocolate cake with lots of candles in it.", "Someone pinches a bite off of a homemade chocolate cake.", "The person is getting ready to serve the cake. ", "A person takes a piece of chocolate cake.", "a chocolate cake with with some candy on it "]
["A group of people cutting cake at a table.", "three people standing near a table with a birthday cake", "Three people are sitting at the table together over cake. ", "A woman cutting a piece of cake at the table. ", "PEOPLE CELEBRATING WITH CHOCOLATE CAKE AND WINE "]
["a girl in black wet suit  in a kayak with lots of water splashing\n ", "A female sitting on a surfboard in the water.", "A surfer takes a video of herself as she surfs.", "a person riding a surf board on a body of water", "An underwater photograph of a woman in a canoe."]
["A woman riding a red surfboard waiting for a wave.", "a girl paddling behind a surf board and a drop of water on the camera lens", "Fuzzy view of a person at the beach holding  a surfboard", "An out-of-focus female surfer looks toward the ocean.", "An artistic view of a woman surfing on a red surfboard in the setting sun."]
["A pretty young lady riding a red surfboard in the ocean.", "A woman on a surfboard on the water.", "THERE IS A PERSON ON THE SURF BOARD IN THE OCEAN ", "A woman is on a red surfboard in the ocean.", "A girl is surfing on a surf board in the ocean. "]
["A man riding on top of a surfboard in the ocean.", "A woman wading on a surfboard in the water waiting on a wave.", "Sitting alone at dusk looking at the sky and water.", "A woman in black wetsuit laying on a red surfboard.", "A person is riding a surfboard in the water"]
["A woman sitting on a surfboard in the ocean.", "A woman on a surfboard in the ocean.", "Woman on a red surfboard with heavy clouds in the background.", "a person sitting on a surf board in a body of water.", "Woman surfer awaiting next wave on a cloudy day."]
["A woman straddling a surfboard in the water with a camera on the surfboard.", "A beautiful young woman riding a surfboard in the ocean.", "a woman on a red surfboard looking away from the camera", "A woman sitting on a surfboard in the ocean.", "The girl surfer is waiting to catch a wave."]
["A couple of men walking across a sandy beach.", "some people on some sand water and clouds", "A crowd looks out at the ocean as two joggers pass on the beach.", "A bunch of people on the beach doing different things.", "A group of people relaxing and exercising on the beach."]
["A selfie of a woman laying in bed.", "Black and white photograph of part of a naked girl lying in bed", "A black-and-white photo of a person sleeping in a bed.", "A woman laying in bed with one eye open.", "A beautiful young lady laying on a bed looking into the camera"]
["A closet filled with clothing next to a white bed.", "A bedroom contains a bed, drawer, and rack of clothing. ", "A rack of clothes in a closet next to a dresser and bed.", "Room with many hanging clothes, a bed and dresser.", "A rack full of clothes in a small bedroom."]
["A young girl standing under a red tarp on street.", "a person standing under a canopy by a building ", "an outdoor area with a red umbrella covering over a street market and several people standing around it.", "A man and child standing under an umbrella next to a building.", "an image of a kid with a parent shopping"]
["A group of people holding boards looking out onto the ocean.", "several children with surf boards, looking out at the ocean.", "A beach with a group of people standing in the sand with a surfboard and body board and looking out to the water.", "A group of children looking at the ocean.", "Three people on beach with surfboard and boogie board."]
["A man surfing on a large wave in the water.", "A wetsuit clad surfer takes on a big wave.", "A man catching a wave at the beach.", "Man surfing during high tide on a gorgeous day.\n", "A surfer is riding a wave on his surfboard"]
["A baby is sitting on the floor with a small cake in front of him.", "A baby sitting at a table with a blue and white cake.", "A baby putting it's hand in a blue and white cake.", "The baby is eating a small blue and white cake.", "A baby digging into a birthday cake wearing nothing but a diaper."]
["A large white bed with a wooden headboard.", "A made bed in a hotel, with a mirror on the wall behind it.", "a bedroom with yellow curtains a bed some pillows and a light", "A few items sit on a white bed", "A hotel bedroom with white linens and yellow curtains."]
["A person walking towards the ocean with a surfboard", "A woman standing on a beach holding a white surfboard.", "A surfer is standing at the edge of the water", "A woman in a black wet suit holding a surfboard under her arm.", "A surfer looks out to sea on a dreary day."]
["Mother and son on the beach with surf board in the foreground.", "two people on a beach with a surf board", "A surfboard on the sandy beach and a mother and child in the background..", "A woman and a child walk away from a board placed on the beach.", "An adult and child on the beach with a surf board."]
["A man walks on the beach holding a surfboard on his head.", "A surfer carrying his surf board over his head on the beach. ", "A man walking across a beach carrying a surfboard.", "A person is walking on a beach holding a surfboard.", "The surfers balances the surfboard on his head while he walks."]
["A person is walking with a surfboard outside", "a person holding a surf board near water ", "A man carrying a board out of the water", "A man walks out of the ocean with his surf board.", "A person in a wet suit carrying a surfboard out of the ocean."]
["There are different types of Italian food in the picture. ", "Four pictures of Italian foods, pizza, lasagna, an appetizer and a cheesy looking dip. ", "four photos of different dishes of italian food ", "The four images show dinner plates with different dishes in them.", "the table has different food on it, mostly pizza"]
["Woman placing a dog on a white and yellow surfboard.", "A woman holding a black dog on top of a white and yellow surfboard.", "A woman in a wet suit holding a dog on a surfboard.", "a person standing over a black dog standing on surfboard on a shore line.", "A woman putting her dog on her surf board"]
["A surfer rides an ocean wave, a swimmer looking on.", "Two people surfing in the ocean on surfboards", "A person is riding the waves on a surfboard.", "A person riding a wave on a surfboard near a swimmer.", "One guy zooms the waves on his surfboard while another guy looks on."]
["A person is riding a wave on a surfboard.", "A man rides a large wave on a surfboard.", "A surfer rides the crest of a small wave.", "A surfer in color surfing on a wave that is black and white. ", "a person that is surfing on some water"]
["A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "Man surfing a wave in front of a cliff.", "Someone riding a wave on there surf board .", "A surver is on a surfboard riding a large wave.", "A man surfing with the waves in the sea near mountain side."]
["There is a man with long hair with a pizza in front of him on the tablr", "A person who is holding a pie in front of them.", "A man with long hair sitting at a table with a pizza. ", "A boy is sitting at a table with a pizza.", "a man is sitting in front of some food at a table"]
["A hotel room with a large bed and a tv", "A room with a large bed, television, dresser and glass doors leading to a balcony. ", "A hotel room with king bed and a TV on a dresser.", "A bedroom with a balcony, a bed and a flat screen television. ", "A bedroom with a balcony in a hotel"]
["A person laying on a bed with a dog and two cats.", "A picture of a persons hand in bed with a cat and possibly two dogs.", "Some animals laying on a bed at home", "Several pets and a human on a bed with gray linens.", "A cat and a dog lie next to each other on a bed."]
["A bed with a  white shirt on top of it and pillows.", "A clean and crisp looking bed with a light on and a robe waiting.", "A made bed with a blue bedspread and a folded shirt.", "A picture of bed with a white shirt laying on top of the blanket.", "THERE IS A SHIRT THAT IS ON THE BED "]
["A small boy is asleep on the side of a bed.", "a little boy sleeping in his bed sideways", "a little girl taking a nap on a big bed ", "A boy with thumb in mouth lying sideways on a bed with book on nightstand.", "a small boy in a black shirt is sleeping on a bed"]
["A couple laying on a big bed in a bedroom.", "A couple is smiling while posing for a picture on a bed.", "an image of a couple in bed on gold sheets", "A COUPLE IS LYING ON THE BED ", "two people laying in a neatly made bed"]
["This looks like a bunch of burned food on top of burned bread.", "A very close up view of some tasty looking food.", "A closeup of a meal with different toppings on it.", "a pizza covered in various items cut in pieces", "There are roasted red peppers on the pizza."]
["a black and white cat is laying on a bed", "Two cats sitting on a bed that has not been made.", "Two cats sitting on top of a messy bed. ", "Two cats curled up on a messy bed.", "Two cats are lounging on an unmade bed."]
["A woman with a tennis racket is tying her shoes.", "A tennis player bends over to tie her shoe.", "A woman on a tennis court tying her shoe.", "She must tie her shoe first so that she doesn't trip.", "A tennis player is tying her shoe with her tennis racket on the ground. "]
["A lady plays a game of tennis outside.", "A tennis player is swinging a ratchet while playing on clay.", "A male tennis player at the court with a racket in his hands", "A man is holding a tennis racquet waiting to swing on it.", "A woman is playing tennis on a tennis court."]
["A group of people standing on top of a tennis court.", "Four people playing tennis and shaking hands after game.", "a group of tennis players chatting with one another ", "A few friends are getting ready to play tennis. ", "People shaking hands while they get ready to play a tennis game"]
["a small bed room with a lamp and luggage. ", "A big nice looking room with a very bright window.", "Something pink on a bag on a small table in a bedroom .", "A small bedroom with a bed and end table ", "an empty bedroom with a bed and a bedside table with a lit lamp and few bags and jacket"]
["A ground tennis match between two guys while a bunch of people are watching in a stadium. ", "A man who is jumping in the air while playing tennis.", "A man is swinging a tennis racket with a back swing.", "Man in red and white outfit swinging at a tennis ball. ", "Man in white and red hitting a tennis ball."]
["A hand holding a piece of pizza with more pizza on a plate.", "A person taking a slice of pizza from a plate.", "a close up of a person holding a slice of pizza", "Someone holding a piece of pizza in their hand. ", "A person picking up a small rectangular piece of pizza."]
["Adult man sitting at table while using electronic equipment.", "A man sitting in front of a laptop computer with a cup of coffee.", "a person sitting at a table with a laptop", "A young man works from his laptop and talks on his cell phone over a cup of coffee at a coffee shop.", "A man talks on his cell phone while he surfs his computer "]
["A person playing tennis stands surrounded by strawberries.", "a person waling through a field of strawberries carrying a tennis rackett", "there are a lot of strawberries on the tennis court.", "A man holding a tennis racquet while walking on top of a field of strawberries.", "A tennis player in a field of strawberries."]
["an image of a couple that are on the couch", "Man and woman sitting on a couch while the man works on a laptop.", "There are a man and a woman sitting on a large chair together", "A couple on a love seat with the man working on a laptop while the woman is curled up next to him.", "A man and woman sitting on a small couch while he works on a laptop."]
["An artisan pizza with fresh tomato cut into slices.", "A pizza covered in cheese and veggies on a table.", "A thin crispy pizza is displayed with red peppers and cheese.", "A pizza with tomatoes sitting on top of a black cloth.", "A cooked pizza sliced into four equal pieces."]
["A table topped with three computer monitors sitting side by side.", "Three screen monitors are put together as a display", "A desk with three computer monitors side by side.", "Three computer screens are displayed with one image.", "A lot of computer screens that are on a  desk."]
["A large pizza sitting on top of a table covered in cheese", "A large pizza with various toppings is sitting on the table.", "A pizza with the works on a table ", "The pizza in the box needs to be cut into pieces.", "A large pizza is cut up into slices and ready to be served."]
["A woman in white dress playing a game of tennis.", "a tennis player stretching to hit a ball", "A woman in all white lunging at a tennis ball.", "Spectators watching a person chasing a tennis ball.", "A woman runs on a tennis court as she holds out her racket."]
["A tennis player looks forward before she serves the ball.", "A female tennis player preparing to hit a ball.", "Resting while waiting for the judge's signal to serve.", "A female tennis player ready to serve in a match.", "Tan young tennis player prepares to serve ball on grass court."]
["A woman smiles with a fork as pizza sits in front of her.", "a lady with a pizza in front of her.", "A smiling girl has her face up to a pizza.", "A woman holds a knife ready to cut into her pizza", "Two home made pizzas that the lady in yellow is smiling over."]
["Man playing tennis in motion with crowd and tennis court", "A man swinging a tennis racquet on a court.", "A professional tennis player swinging at a tennis ball.", "TENNIS COURT WITH SPECTATORS WATCHING ON THE SIDELINES", "a man with a racket reaches to hit a tennis ball "]
["a tennis player getting in position to hit a tennis ball", "A guy stands ready to hit a tennis ball. ", "A tennis player waits for a ball that is coming past the net. ", "A tennis player poised to return the ball.", "A man at a spectator tennis game running to hit the tennis ball."]
["A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A MAN IS PLAYING TENNIS ON THE TENNIS ON COURT ", "An audience watching a man play tennis on a blue court.", "A tennis player prepares to hit a ball on a tennis court with spectators sitting in the stands.", "A male tennis player has his foot out and his hand back ready to hit the ball."]
["A man is striking a tennis ball at a game", "Three men playing in a men's doubles tennis match.", "Three guys playing tennis on a tennis court. ", "A tennis doubles match is in session with four men playing.", "A couple of men standing on top of a tennis court.", "a small crowd of people watching a doubles match of tennis"]
["a tennis player about to serve the ball", "a tennis player standing on tennis court about to serve a ball", "A young woman wearing a short dress on a tennis court.", "A tennis player about to serve a ball.", "A female tennis player about to serve the ball."]
["A woman in tennis whites is facing forward and clasping a racquet on a tennis court,  while a man in street clothes is standing at the back of the court, looking off to the side.", "a tennis player with a racket on the field ", "A tennis player is on a tennis court and is getting ready to hit the ball with her racquet.", "Woman prepares to be served to in a tennis match.", "a woman holding a tennis racket gets ready to return the serve "]
["A man standing next to a woman in front of a table.", "A bunch of people hanging out drinking together.", "A group of people holding beers and food on the table. ", "a group of people that is standing around drinking beers", "A group of men standing with some bottles by a table."]
["Man wearing a red shirt holding a racket and badge ", "an older person standing holding a tennis rackett", "A man holds a medal and tennis racket next to a fence.", "A man hold a tennis racket and a small metal trophy.", "A man is posing with a racket in front of a fence."]
["A close up view of a cheesy pizza in front of a person.", "A man sitting in front of a large pizza.", "A smiling man with glasses with a pepperoni pizza.", "A man in glasses posing in front of a large pizza.", "a man with eye glasses in front of a pizza"]
["a man is outside holding a ball and a racket", "Male tennis player surveying a clay tennis court for imperfections.", "Athlete deciding on ball to use for service during match play.", "A person is standing in a court with racket in one hand and balls in other hand.", "A man with a tennis racket walks with two tennis balls in his hand."]
["A pizza sits on a piece of aluminum foil.", "The pizza has a lot of different toppings on it.", "this is a pizza on some tin foil", "Pizza pies sitting on top of a tin foil covering. ", "A small pizza on a sheet of aluminum foil. "]
["A couple of sliced of pizza on top of a paper plate.", "Two slices of pizza sitting on a plastic plate. ", "Two slices of mushroom pizza with BBQ sauce.", "Two large pieces of pizza are on a plate.", "Pizza slices topped with mushroom and barbecue on a disposable plate."]
["a man with white and blue on playing tennis", "A man holding a tennis racquet while standing on a court.", "A man swinging a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "a man is out in the dirt playing tennis", "A tennis player playing tennis in a field."]
["A person swinging a tennis racquet at a tennis ball.", "A tennis player prepares to hit the ball with his racket.", "A male tennis player hitting a tennis ball on the court ", "A tennis player swings his racket during a match.", "A man swings for a tennis ball in a tennis court."]
["A woman seated in front of a buffet of pizzas.", "A woman with many selections of pizza to choose from.", "a woman sitting at a table with multiple boxes of pizza ", "a woman is sitting down in front of several large pizzas", "A woman standing in front of an assortment of different pizzas with a plate in front of her. "]
["A tennis player is getting ready to hit the ball", "A female tennis court about to serve the tennis ball.", "A tennis player launches the ball and prepares to serve.", "A woman is near contact with a tennis ball.", "Lady swinging at tennis ball above her head."]
["A large pizza sitting on top of a cutting board.", " a long fully baked pizza sitting on a table ", "Long pizza with pepperoni, mushrooms and cheese on a wood board.", "A wood fired pizza containing mushrooms and pepperoni.", "a sliced up pizza is laying on a cutting board"]
["A young girl is preparing to swing on a tennis court.", "a child on a tennis court getting ready to swing a tennis racket", "A little girl in a white tennis outfit and big sunglasses holds out a tennis racket.", "A little girl wearing sunglasses holding a tennis racket.", "This little girl is taking tennis lessons to learn how to play."]
["A guy is returning a tennis ball that was hit to him. ", "A tennis player in action on the court.", "A man standing on top of a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A man playing tennis on the tennis court", "A man is holding a tennis racquet prepared to hit the incoming ball."]
["A photo of a black lap top sitting on a table ", "An old fashioned laptop chained to a desk. ", "Open laptop style device chained to a table.", "A laptop chained to a desk  with odd buttons on top", "A laptop with a small screen is chained to a desk."]
["a boy taking a selfie in a mirror while brushing his teeth ", "A person vigorously brushing their teeth and taking a photo.", "A man that is brushing his teeth in the mirror.", "Someone in brushing their teeth while taking a mirror selfie. ", "a woman taking a picture of herself bushing her teeth"]
["A persona putting tooth past on their toothbrush over a sink.", "A person squeezing toothpaste onto a toothbrush over a sink.", "A person is squeezing toothpaste onto their toothbrush", "A person is putting tooth paste on the tooth brush.", "A person hands putting toothpaste on a toothbrush getting ready to brush their teeth."]
["A man in plaid shirt holding up a giant remote.", "a person holding a really large remote control", "A man in an office holding up a large remote control.", "A man is sitting in a cubicle holding a television remote.", "a man sitting in a cubicle holding onto a large remote"]
["A close up of food, cigarettes and a remote controller. ", "A packet of ramen, remote control, cigarettes and a lighter on table.", "A table topped with food and a remote control.", "A bag of snacks sitting on a table next to a glass of beer, cigarettes an a T.V. remote.", "A strange display of ramen noodles,soda, cigarettes, a lighter, and a tv remote can be seen."]
["Four young adults standing and playing a video game.", "Young kinds playing video games in a hallway.", "A group of people playing a video game on the Wii and a projector.", "A group of young men and women standing around a projector.", "A group of people are playing a video game."]
["a man is playing video games on a screen", "A man prepares to swing while playing a video game.", "An person relishing it on a good daytime\n", "A person is playing wii on the tv in the room", "the boy is holding a remote as he plays a game"]
["Various people are acknowledging life and having a good time. \n", "Two girls are moving to a game on the television", "A couple of people standing in front of a TV.", "Two people stand in front of a television playing a video game.", "a couple of young kids play in front of a television "]
["Two girls in a room playing a Nintendo Wii.", "Two girls are watching a tv screen while playing Nintendo Wii", "Two women playing a video game in a living room.", "A woman standing in a room with a remote.", "a couple of people that are staring at a t.v"]
["A man standing in a room with a remote.", "A man standing next to a fireplace with a Wii remote.", "A man standing on a carpet with a remote.", "A young man is playing the Wii by himself. ", "A man with a Wii remote stands in an immaculate living area."]
["A couch and a television in a room.", "A children room with lot of toys,television and a sofa.", "a room with toys and a kid walking from it", "A flat screen Tv sitting on top of a Tv stand in a living room.", "Room with toys around the edges with young boy running into other room"]
["This couple is playing wrestling on their Wii. ", "A man and woman standing playing with a Wii video gaming system.", "A man and a woman holding a video game remote while playing it. ", "the people are standing playing a game holding remotes.", "A woman standing next to a man holding a Wii controller."]
["A living room with couch, settee, and a tiled floor.", "A large window admits light into a living room.", "A living room consisting of couches and a coffee table. ", "there are beige couches and curtains in this living room", "Living room with tiled floor and wooden ceiling."]
["A living room with a black leather sofa and chair.", "A living room set contains black furniture set.", "a living room with some black furniture and a colorful rug ", "A den with a couch, chair, table and lamp.", "A dog laying on a leather sofa in a living room."]
["A statue and other pieces of art are along a wall.", "A brown and white living room with an ornate fireplace.", "A mix of modern and vintage decor around a fireplace.", "Walls with a stencilled or hand drawn, oversized leaf motif", "a living room with chairs a fire place and paintings on the wall"]
["A picture of a very clean living room.", "A living room complete with a chair, couch and a fireplace.", "A living area features an orange chair, a green chair, several wood chairs and a light colored sofa.", "This room is caught in a design time warp.", "There is an empty and mismatched living room."]
["An apple computer with a keyboard and mouse underneath it.", "This is a computer monitor, keyboard, and mouse.", "An Apple computer with a mouse and a keyboard. ", "A close up picture of the apple symbol on  a computer.", "A mouse and a keyboard in front of an Apple logo.  "]
["The brown sectional sofa has two colorful pillows.", "A living room with a TV and a brown couch.", "Sunlight streams in the window of a living room. ", "A large sectional couch in a living room", "Corner shaped personal living room couch colored brown."]
["a close up view of a keyboard and a mouse", "A computer keyboard with a computer mouse on top of it.", "A computer mouse sits on a clean white computer keyboard.", "A white mouse is on top of a white keyboard.", "This photograph appears to be looking truly wonderful. \n"]
["A living area with a fireplace, television and couch.", "A stone wall with a fireplace built into it", "A rock fireplace wall with built in television and wood receptacle", "A couch and a television in a living room.", "A stone fireplace with entertainment center and mantle."]
["An up close picture of a computer mouse on a  desk", "A black computer mouse near a computer keyboard", "A mouse and other office objects are on the desk.", "A mouse and a post-it note on a desk.", "A computer mouse with other desk items nearby."]
["A slice of pizza partially obscuring a cell phone.", "A man is holding a cell phone reading a message.", "A displayed text message on a black cell phone.", "Looking over a person's shoulder who is looking at a text message on a phone.", "A person is reading a text on a cell phone."]
["A girl who is checking her cell phone.", "An African American girl is looking at her cellphone. ", "The woman is sitting down checking her messages on her cell phone. ", "A girl looks at a text message on her flip phone.", "A woman reading a text message on her cellphone."]
["A man holding a camera in between his hands.", "A man holding something in his hand while watching the screen. ", "A man looks at the action on the baseball field close up with phone.", "a close up of a person messing with a digital camera", "a man is looking at a tiny screen in his hands"]
["a laptop that is sitting on top of a table", "A computer sitting on a table near flowers.", "A laptop that is on top of a desk.", "A lap top computer sits on a rustic wooden table.", "The laptop and the plant are the only items on the homemade dining table."]
["A dog walking away from a stone wall with a man on it.", "a man holding a kite and a dog in a field.", "A black dog is next to a man with a kite.", "a man standing on a pile of rocks with a dog walking in the grass", "this is a black dog walking in the grass"]
["Two people parasailing in the ocean while onlookers watch from the beach.", "Kites fly in the wind above the sandy beach.", "A group of people parasailing in the ocean and onlookers watching. ", "Kites are in the air over the beach.", "a few people that are flying some kites"]
["A bunch of people riding kiteboards on top of an ocean.", "A photo of people parasailing in the ocean along the beach.", "A very pretty beach with a bunch of sails flying.", "Large assortment of flying sails over waterway near beach.", "The kites are all flying up in the air outside."]
["A man flies a kite in the sky above a stone retaining wall.", "A man flying a kite over a small stone wall", "A man is flying a kite in the cloudy sky.", "A man flying a kite in front of a stone wall.", "A man flying a kite near a stone wall."]
["A young boy trying to get his striped kite to fly.", "A boy outside about to fly his kite", "A collage of four photos of a young boy holding a kite.", "Four pictures of a boy and his kite in a field.", "A boy standing in a field flying a kite."]
["a female in a black top and a child in a green shirt", "A couple of people running in the sand.", "A woman and child are walking down a dirt path.", "A person holding the hand of a child on a path to the beach.", "Woman carrying balloon and small boy walking in deep sand."]
["A group of people standing on top of a beach near the ocean.", "A group of people at the beach flying kites ", "People relaxing on the beach watching a kite.", "The people at the beach are enjoying watching the kite.", "Several people on the beach looking at something in the sky."]
["A brown teddy bear sitting in a chair wearing a blue shirt and red hat.", "A teddy bear with its tag still on it sitting on a table.", "A stuffed bear with a hat on a table.", "A small stuffed animal bear with a red hat and blue coat sitting on a table.", "A small bear wearing a red hat and blue coat."]
["Several people in a green field flying kites.", "A group of people standing on top of a lush green field.", "A group of people are flying kites in the sky.", "Many people are standing in a field underneath flying kites. ", "A large group of people flying and looking at kites. "]
["An older gentleman flying a kite at a park", "The  red kite is flying in the air.", "A man, in a country setting, is flying a kite.", "A man flying a kite in his yard.", "A man flies a kite on a nearly cloudless day"]
["A person holding a kite in a green field.", "a open field with a person holding a kite", "A person holding a colorful kite in a large yard.", "A person running with a kite in an open grassy area.", "A kite on on the ground on a grassy field"]
["A girl is carrying a bird kite under her arm. ", "a person that has a large colorful kite in hand", "A woman walking in the sand with a colorful bird kite. ", "Child carrying kite shaped like a big bird on a beach.", "A young child is holding her kite and walking down a beach. "]
["A man riding a kiteboard on top of the ocean.", "A man engaging in a water sport near a wave in the ocean. ", "The man holds a surfing kite in the ocean.", "A wind surfer riding a wave into the beach.", "a man being pulled by a air kite "]
["A couple people flying kites on a beach.", "a couple of people on a beach flying some kites.", "People are flying a red kite in the sky.", "A group of people flying a kite at the beach.", "some people on the sand and they are flying kites"]
["A couple of glass items that are in a room.", "Four large vases of different color on display in a lobby.", "Three colorful and elegant vases displayed on three pedestals.", "Three vases in red, yellow, and blue color", "Four colorful vases sit atop podiums for a centerpiece."]
["A group of people on the beach flying some kites.", "people on the beach watching the many kites", "Several kites being flown on a beach with people.", "Lots of people are gathered on the shore of the beach, some of whom are flying ribbon kites. ", "A beach area with multiple people and kites in the sky."]
["The man is taking a pizza out of the small brick oven.", "A man cooking in an outside oven. ", "A man is cooking pizzas in a brick oven. ", "A man standing in front of a brick oven holding a poker.", "a man in the street checking on something inside a brick oven"]
["A couple of people flying a kite on top of a sandy beach.", "This is a couple walking at the beach pulling a parachute behind them.", "Two people are walking on a beach with a large kite.", "a male and a female on the sand and a large kite", "A couple of people are on the beach with a large kite."]
["A woman holding a bat over the top of a baseball base.", "some people standing around playing a game of softball ", "She is standing in the proper stance to hit the ball.", "two teams playing a game of baseball, and a woman is attempting to hit the ball.", "The ball is heading towards the batter as the catcher waits."]
["A baseball player hitting a ball during a baseball game.", "BATTER SWINGING ON HOME PLATE, WITH REFEREE BEHIND", "a baseball player hitting a baseball on a field", "A baseball player is striking on the bat with a base ball game ", "A professional baseball player hitting a pitched ball."]
["The statues were of famous old baseball players.", "The two statues show baseball players holding bats.", "A statue of a baseball player stands on a raised platform.", "There is a statue of a baseball player that appears to be wax.", "Statue of a baseball player in batting position."]
["A batter has just attempted to hit the ball being pitched to him while waiting at home plate.", "A group of baseball players standing on top of a field.", "A man hitting a baseball and a man catching it.", "A man taking a swing at a baseball", "Baseball player up to bat with catcher and umpire."]
["a little boy holding onto a big bat", "A man standing next to a child who is holding a bat.", "A man stands behind the smiling child with a baseball bat. ", "A boy plays baseball while two men watch", "A little boy is in a batting cage with his dad, who is serving as catcher. "]
["a view of a woman dressed nicely and holding a baseball bat and a man squating awaiting the pitch of a ball", "A vintage image of a lady holding a baseball bat.", "Woman playing baseball in a field with an old man", "a black and white photo of a woman holding a baseball bat", "A woman holding a baseball bat with a man catching behind her."]
["A baseball player holding a baseball bat on a baseball field.", "A baseball player waiting for the ball to be thrown.", "Batter, catcher and umpire at a baseball game.", "A baseball player is getting ready to hit the ball.", "A batter stands on him pate with the bat over his shoulder."]
["A baseball player takes his stance in preparation for a pitch while the catcher and the umpire wait, too.", "Major League Baseball player is in the batter's box waiting for the pitch to be delivered", "A professional baseball player about to bat at home plate.", "The batter is winding up, getting ready for the pitch.", "A baseball player holding a bat on top of a baseball field."]
["a baseball player with a bat on the field ", "A baseball player prepares for a pitch with catcher and umpire looking on", "A baseball player standing on a field with a bat over his shoulder.", "There are some men playing a game of baseball.", "A batter is ready to bat with a catcher and an umpire nearby."]
["A small boy gets ready to hit a ball.", "A boy on a baseball field hits a baseball ", "this is some chidren playing a baseball game", "A game of little league baseball, with a batter on the base.", "People are standing on the baseball diamond in the grass and dirt."]
["A young child swinging a bat at a tee ball.", "A little boy swinging his tee ball bat.", "A young boy practicing hitting a baseball with a baseball bat.", "A child who is playing tea ball outside.", "There is a boy swinging at a t-ball"]
["A small boy is swinging a baseball bat a tee.  ", "a kid is  standing in front of a ball with a bat", "A boy holding his bat next to a 't-ball' stand.", "A young boy prepares to hit a baseball off a tee on a baseball field.", "A boy standing in front of a tee ball tee with a bat."]
["An baseball player is swinging at a moving ball while the catcher behind him is ready to catch it.", "A batter swings at a baseball while the catcher reaches for it.", "A young boy is at bat playing on a baseball team.", "Youth baseball game where the batter appears to miss the ball.", "The young men are playing a baseball game."]
["A man swinging a bat at the baseball during a game. ", "a man is swinging a baseball bat at a game", "A catcher is ready to get the ball after the batter misses.", "A baseball batter in the middle of a swing on the field.", "Somebody is gotten in the peaceful of the picture. \n"]
["A woman and man shaking hands on the tennis court. ", "two tennis players shaking hands after a game ", "A man shaking a womans hand on top of a tennis court.", "Two tennis players shake hands on the court. ", "A man and woman tennis player shaking hands on the court "]
["A male tennis player in action on a court.", "A tennis player on a court holding a racket in his hands.", "A man holding his tennis racket on the tennis court. ", "A man preparing to hit a tennis ball on a court.", "A man on a tennis court holding a yellow tennis racket. "]
["A woman playing tennis on a grass court", "Tennis player shows off back hand swing at match", "a girl on a tennis court holding onto a racket", "A young lady is in the middle of a tennis shot. ", "A tennis player has her racket fully extended across her body."]
["A woman standing next to a podium holding a tennis racquet.", "A lady swinging tennis racket near a treadmill.", "an image of a female tennis player hitting her racket", "A lady appears to be practicing her Tennis swing while people in the background look on. ", "a female tennis player with a hat adjusting her tennis racquet"]
["Cheese stuffed crust is a relatively new type of pizza.", "close up of a cheese crust stuffed pizza on a table", "A pizza sitting on a table with lots of cheesy bread bites around it.", "Meat topped pizza with cheese filled bread crust. ", "a close up of a pizza on a pan on a table "]
["A pizza pan with a slice of pizza on it.", "A girl sitting in front of a Happy Birthday sign and a slice of pizza.", "There is one slice of pizza on the tray and a woman sitting behind a sign.", "a piece of pizza on an empty tray", "This is a birthday party for one of these people."]
["A pizza is served on a dish above a table.", "A half-eaten deep dish pizza on a platter. ", "A deep dish pizza served to a table on a tray", "A spatula ready to serve deep dish pizza.", "A table with a metal tray and a deep dish pizza."]
["A woman standing on a tennis court hitting a tennis ball.", "A woman playing tennis while people watch from the sidelines.", "A woman in a blue tennis dress looking to the sky while playing tennis on a tennis court.", "A woman in blue dress playing a game of tennis.", "A female Tennis player is just about to make her serve. "]
["A young man sitting at a table with a pizza.", "A person sitting at a table with some pizza.", "a man sitting at a table along with a pizza ", "A young man is sitting at the table with a full pizza. ", "a man sitting at a table with a cheesy pizza on it "]
["A person on a tennis court swinging to hit a tennis ball.", "A woman playing tennis on the tennis court", "woman prepares to hit tennis ball with backhand swing", "A young woman standing on top of a tennis court holding a racquet.", "She has an intense look as she awaits the tennis ball."]
["A man holding a tennis racquet in one hand a lifting his fist in the other.", "Man at a tennis match holding a tennis bracket.", "A man with a tennis racket in his hand.", "Tennis player celebrates while holding racket in his hand. ", "A man that is  celebrating a tennis match outdoors"]
["A long table set for a Christmas seafood feast ", "The meal is prepared and on the table. ", "White dishware and a red table cloth lines a table. ", "A VERY NICE TABLE SETTING READY TO SERVE SEVERAL PEOPLE", "Large group of food sitting on top of a table with white dishes. "]
["a large vase next to a smaller vase on the ground", "A vase with flowers and water reflecting light.", "A glass vase reflecting light onto the wall.", "Two vases sitting side by side and one with flowers in it.", "an image of a vase sitting on the floor of the living room"]
["A laptop computer on a desk with a lamp and office supplies.", "There is a laptop computer on a desk.", "A computer sits on a desk next to a can full of pens and pencils.", "An open laptop on a desk in an active workstation.", "a laptop sitting on top of a desk"]
["An open laptop computer sitting on a wooden desk.", "A laptop is sitting on a table with a cup, notebook, and cell phone.", "A laptop is kept open on the table along with mobile,notebook and pen.", "A laptop, mouse, cell phone and a notepad sitting on a table.", "a laptop and notebook on top of a brown wooden desk"]
["A baby sitting on a bed between two laptop computers.", "A baby is playing with a laptop computer.", "A baby sitting on a bed playing with a laptop.", "A baby is shown with two computers and a toy.", "A baby sitting on a bed comparing toy and real laptop computers."]
["The computer screen of a laptop open to a website PRU13", "An open laptop sitting on a persons lap", "A person sitting cross-legged with a laptop in their laps.", "Silver and black laptop sitting on the edge of a bed. ", "Laptop computer on a lap shown booted up browsing a website."]
["A laptop next to a book and someones lunch.", "An open book, a plate of food, a canned drink and a laptop on a wooden surface.", "A Starbucks can, book, laptop and plate of food.", "A laptop that is next to a plate of food and a drink can.", "A wooden surface holds an opened beverage can, an open book, a meal and plastic fork on a glass plate, used and unused napkins, and most importantly a laptop, not on.  "]
["A guy with glasses is biting the box for an Apple computer.", "A person with glasses on biting an apple laptop box in an apple store. ", "A young fellow with black glasses is biting his box. ", "a close up of a person holding a laptop box", "A picture of a kid and  a computer."]
["a room with balloons, flowers and many pictures decorating the walls", "Some very pretty flowers with a bunch of balloons.", "A collage of photos, balloons and flowers on display.", "a decorated building with baloons and picture frames on the wall", "There are flowered vases and framed pictures set against a wall with balloons hanging above it.", "There are flowered vases and framed pictures set against a wall with balloons hanging above it."]
["A person is completing a task while on a laptop.", "A boy reading his lap top page ", "man working on al laptop with multiple stickers on the back of it. ", "A man using a laptop covered in stickers", "A boy on his laptop, which has a lot of decals."]
["A baby putting his finger on the keys of a laptop", "A curious toddler reaches out to touch a laptop computer.", "A baby is sitting on a laptop and reaching for the keys.", "A baby pressing a button on a laptop", "A baby pressing a key on a laptop."]
["a clock hanging on a wall with pictures of animals around it", "a clock in between animals potraits hanged in a wall", "Three pictures and a clock hanging on an orange wall.", "A clock between two pictures of kittens and a picture of a horse.", "A clock with a horse painting below and two cat pictures on the sides."]
["A dark room with a man at a desk that has a laptop and an projector image on the wall.", "A large screen being watched by a group of people", "a brightly colored window on a dark street ", "A dark room with a projector screen and a person on a laptop.", "A person sitting at a desk looking at a laptop while something is being projected on the wall next to him."]
["Someone looking at a computer monitor in the dark.", "A woman working on  a screen plugged into her laptop.", "A woman at a desk with a computer monitor and CD case.", "The worker is looking for information on the compuiter.", "Someone is sitting in the dark with their computer on."]
["a woman sits on a chair with a laptop on her lap ", "A woman sitting in a red chair working on her laptop.", "People sitting in a circle waiting for something.", "A group of people sitting on chairs that make up a circle.", "A woman is using her laptop while surrounded by others."]
["Two laptop computers sitting on top of a desk.", "Two men sitting down in front of laptops.", "People sitting in front of laptops in a lecture hall.", "Students on their laptops look down at a lecturer.  ", "Two men on their laptops while listening to a speaker."]
["A pretty lady laying in bed with a laptop.", "A lady stares into her Apple laptop in bed.", "A woman sitting in a bed looking at her laptop. ", "A woman in a bed with a laptop.", "A woman rests in bed with her laptop."]
["A crowded room filled with people using laptop computers.", "Dozens of people in a large room working on laptops.", "People are sitting at desks on laptop computers.", "A large group of people at a conference working on laptops.", "A group of people and desks using laptops."]
["A table topped with a tray full of cookies and a vase filled with flowers.", "A tray with a vase of greenery and a plate of cookies on it.", "A wooden table in a corner displaying a tray with flowers and snacks on it.", "Odd plant in a vase on a tray with cookies.", "Some cookies left out on a tray sitting on a table along with a satchel and vase of flowers."]
["A man sitting at a table with two laptops on it.", "A boy sitting at a table beside his laptop and another person with their laptop ", "Two people at a table looking at a computer.", "A guy with a desk in front of him with a computer and a coffee mug.", "A guy is showing another guy something on a laptop."]
["A group of friends sitting down at a table working on laptop computers.", "A group of people at a table using laptops", "Old and young men sit around a table with laptops.", "people sitting at a table with their laptops ", "Men working around a kitchen table with their laptops "]
["A dimly lit dinning table with a flower centerpiece ", "Someone having dinner in a dimly lit restaurant with wine.", "A blue vase with flowers is on a dimly lit table.", "A blue vase with flowers on a table surrounded by wine and glasses. ", "The table has two wine glasses, a bottle of wine, and a vase sitting on it."]
["A large brown clock tower mounted in the face of a building.", "A tall clock tower behind some snow covered trees.", "A large ornamental clock tower is positioned alongside a building.", "A building with a snow topped roof and clock tower.", "Large clock sitting on top of a snowy building roof. "]
["There is a white vase with red stems that have red balls on them", "I just bought this vase to fill it with these pretty red flowers.", "A vase with berries on branches sits on a table with other knick-knacks. ", "a white vase with some red flowers and a candle", "A lot of flowers that are in a vase."]
["A cluttered desk with several computers on it", "A small desk is cluttered with a white lap top, a monitor and a silver laptop and a computer mouse.", "There are three computers on the desk all on at the same time.", "Two laptops and a desktop are lined up on a desk.", "A desk has two laptops, a monitor, mouse, and keyboard on it."]
["A kitchen with built in microwave and dark wooden cabinets.", "A kitchen has a microwave, an oven, and a countertop.", "a picture of a built in stove in a kitchen with marble counters", "A stainless steel built-in microwave in a kitchen area", "a kitchen with brown cupboards and a silver microwave "]
["A white boom box with an mp3 player on top of it.", "A very nice looking music device sitting on a table.", "A cell phone and a radio by a book.", "The radio by the bed on the table is turned on. ", "an alarm clock radio with an ipod, a cell phone and a book"]
["A person holds a finger over one ear when listening to a cell phone on the other.", "A woman on a sidewalk tries to hear her cell phone.", "A woman plugs one ear in order to hear her cell phone.", "a person talking on a cell phone on a side walk ", "A couple of women standing outside of a building."]
["A person dressed as jesus texts on his phone", "A man using his smartphone in a group of people covered in fake blood.", "A few males with blood on their shirt walking with a group of people.", "A group of people dressed in fake blood and robes.", "TWo men standing near a crowd dressed in costumes."]
["A door stands in front of a refrigerator with a microwave on top.", "The refrigerator, microwave, door, wall and window are all white.", "A kitchen with a refrigerator, microwave and a window in it. ", "Kitchen corner with refrigerator/freezer and microwave next to an open closet door", "A fridge is partially blocked by a folding door."]
["A woman stands in the kitchen using a microwave.", "a woman is touching the buttons on a microwave", "A woman using a microwave sitting in a  kitchen.", "A person standing in a room with a microwave.", "A woman operating a microwave in a kitchen."]
["Two people working in a kitchen preparing a meal.", "A man and woman cooking together in a kitchen.", "A man and a woman are working in a restaurant kitchen.", "A MAN AND A WOMAN BEHIND THE SCENES IN A KITCHEN", "Two kitchen workers make preparations to a meal."]
["A person holding a camera phone in their left hand.", "A person holds a smartphone in front of the camera.", "A person playing with his phone, with a butterfly on it.", "a phone with a wallpaper of a butterfly", "A man holding a cell phone in his hand. "]
["A young woman holds a cell phone to her ear.", "A woman walking down the street talking on a cell phone.", "Female in coat holding cigarette and talking on cellphone", "A smoking women in a scarf makes a phone call.", "The woman is walking while talking on her phone. "]
["An old double door oven that was in a fire.", "An old dirty and broken stove in a dug up room.", "A double stove in a building with rubble on the floor.", "An old stove with doors open and trash on the ground.", "An old oven sitting rusted out in a room"]
["A tall, stone clock tower seen from below", "THERE IS A TOWER CLOCK IN THE CITY", "A high tower made of bricks stretches high in to the sky and features a tower clock toward the top.", "A large brick clock tower underneath a cloudy sky.", "a brown brick steeple with a white clock"]
["A tall stone building with a massive clock on it's side.", "An old stone church with a clock on front", "The side of a building with a clock and multiple crosses.", "A view looking up the side of a clock tower with crosses on the top.", "A view from the bottom on a church looking up towards the dark sky."]
["A phone, battery, and charger laying on fabric.", "A phone charging and a battery on a charger.", "A phone and another device with a battery attached are shown close up.", "An electronic device has a nine volt battery attached.", "A smart phone sitting on a cloth next to a battery hooked up to another device."]
["Three people pose for a picture using a cell phone.", "some girls taking selfies with cellphone, one has pink hair", "A group of people taking a photo with a cell phone.", "Three people in hats and wigs taking a picture of themselves on a cell phone.", "A group of three ladies taking a picture together."]
["Two guys are checking their messages on their phones.", "A couple of men staring down at their cell phones.", "The two friends are checking their phone messages.", "two men standing by each other while looking at their cell phones ", "a couple of people are typing on their cellphones"]
["A lot of people that are having some fun.", "a group of people posing in a living room", "The group of friends is having a good time.", "Lady at a party with her phone stopping for picture.", "A woman holding a cell phone making a devil face."]
["A man on a cell phone eating food at a coffee table", "A man talks on the phone while seated eating at a rattan table.", "A man that is sitting down with a cellphone.", "A man sitting in a chair while eating with a cell phone to his ear.", "A man sitting at a low table, eating food and talking on the phone"]
["A selfie taken of a person with a cell phone laying over one eye.", "A young woman with a cell phone covered her left eye.", "a woman letting a cellphone rest on her face", "A lady or child with a cell phone lying across her eye", "This is a woman with a cell phone resting on her face. "]
["A woman stands leaning on a brick wall as she holds a cell phone to her ear.", "A woman leaning up against a brick wall talking on a cellphone.", "A woman leaning on a wall and talking on a cell phone.", "A woman stands near a brick wall with a cellphone up to her ear.", "A woman talking on a phone holding a bottle."]
["A group of people taking a photo at night.", "A crowd of people standing around with one woman holding up her cell phone.", "a large group of pointing their cell phone upward", "A group of people at an event watching and taking pictures.", "A group of people standing around with one holding something in the air."]
["The silhouette of a man checks his cellphone. ", "A person who is looking at their cell phone.", "A man at sunset on his cell phone near water.", "Man standing by the lake looking at his cell phone during sunset ", "Man with cell phone in silhouette against sun setting over the water."]
["A batter mixer beside a microwave on a counter", "A mixer is on the counter beside a microwave oven.", "A mixer on a counter next to a microwave oven.", "a close up of an electric mixer next to a microwave", "A microwave and blender on a kitchen counter "]
["The inside look at machinery inside of a factory. ", "Inside room of a factory with machinery and pipes.", "a big metal pipe going out of some machine", "The machinery in this room are rusted and old.", "a large green silver and black machine and windows"]
["An oven that has four trays of cookies baking in it.", "Group of cookies cooking inside a black oven together. ", "An oven with cakes inside in a kitchen", "four trays of cookies lined up in an oven", "Looking down at cookies baking in a home oven"]
["A woman putting a pan in the oven. ", "a person in a kitchen cooking with an oven", "A smiling lady putting a tray of food in the oven.", "Woman with open oven and cookie sheet in modern kitchen.", "The woman is baking cookies and putting them in the oven. "]
["A loaf of bread next to a toaster and jelly.", "A loaf of bread sits on a cutting board", "A loaf of bread that is on a cutting board.", "A collection of items for an advertisement are arranged on a table.", "Small loaf of bread sitting on the table next to blue plate. "]
["A refrigerator door left open that has a lot of bottles on the door.", "A refrigerator door is open and full of condiments, food and drink. ", "A refrigerator containing a large amount of food is open.", "a fridge is open with a bunch of food inside ", "A full refrigerator stands with its door open. "]
["An oven sits on display next to washers and dryers.", "Appliance store showing various laundry and kitchen ranges.", "A new washer and drying next to an older washer and dryer.", "Two sets of washers and dryers sitting in front of a kitchen. ", "two washing machines next to dryers and other appliances "]
["A open refrigerator filled with food in a room.", "The refrigerator is full of food for us to eat. ", "Kitchen area with an open refrigerator and freezer.", "A refrigerator with selected items inside of it.", "The refrigerator and door are full of food."]
["A fridge sits closed in a neutral room. ", "A fridge that is all white in a kitchen.", "A refrigerator has some drawings on the door", "A refrigerator is in front of a curtain.", "a refrigerator with stickers on it sits in a corner in front of a window"]
["A refrigerator filled with lots of soft drinks.", "A refrigerator full of juice and soda next to a microwave. ", "A store has a refrigerator full of cold drinks.", "I Coca-Cola machine with many different drinks inside. ", "A fridge with many types of soft drinks, juices and beer."]
["A kitchen with a large stove, refrigerator, and table.", "An industrial kitchen with metal tables and appliances.", "A commercial kitchen with stainless steel worktable and appliances including refrigerator, deep fryer, and gas stove.", "A kitchen that has stainless steel items in it.", "The industrial stove is sitting next to the refrigerator."]
["A photo taken of the inside of a refrigerator. ", "An open refrigerator shows that it's stocker with beer.", "a refrigerator with a lot of beer inside", "There is fridge full of beers and one soda.", "Refrigerator and freezer are filled with soft drinks and beer."]
["A kitchen with a lot of things on the counters. ", "A kitchen with a white refrigerator freezer next to a sink.", "A view of a kitchen that is well lived in.", "a kitchen with a fridge and a door way leading into another room", "A long, narrow kitchen looking into a hallway."]
["A blender next to a basket of fruit and vegetables", "Many vegetables have been gathered around a blender.", "A bowl of vegetables is set next to a blender.", "A pile of vegetables sitting in a bowl on top of a counter.", "a bowl with fruits and vegetables in front of a blender"]
["A very pretty clock in the middle of a big room.", "A mall filled with lots of stairs and a large clock.", "A clock mounted in the middle of a three story mall.", "The interior of a large public building is show with several escalators in view.", "People walking through a multi level shopping mall."]
["A blender full of a green colored smoothie", "Something green that has been blended in a blender", "A light green substance a large silver blender.", "A blender is filled with a green smoothie. ", "A kitchen blender with a green liquid in it."]
["A decorative arrangement with red flowers in a vase.", "A tall vase holds a few colorful flowers. ", "A tall plant protrudes from a glass vase.", "A vase full of various flowers and foliage on a shelf.", "White vase holding holding an assortment of flowers "]
["A clock that is sitting on top of a pole.", "a pole with some clocks sitting on top of it ", "A clock with two sides lit up in the darkness.", "There are two clocks that say eight forty.", "A four-sided clock is displaying the time in the dark."]
["A couple of people underneath a building with a clock.", "A tall building with a massive clock on it's face.", "A person in a red shirt and a person in a blue shirt standing under an arch. ", "an old building with an arch in it with a clock on it", "Some people standing under an arch which has a fancy clock on it."]
["People walking on a street near a building underpass.", "A large clock mounted on the face of an old building.", "a building with a large clock above an archway", "A short tunnel connecting two buildings has a clock on it.", "A group of people walking through an alley "]
["A group of people gathered together in a kitchen.", "a group of people standing next to a pan of food.", "A group of people is posing by a table with a cake on it.", "A group of people ready for a treat.", "A group of women are crowded in a kitchen."]
["The Big Ben clock tower towering over the city of London.", "A large clock tower looms under a dark sky.", "Large stone clocktower with a giant clock on it.", "Clock tower against cloudy sky and peeking sunlight.", "A sepia photo of Big Ben in London, seen from below."]
["Waffles on a plate have a gravy on them as they sit near a spoon.", "Broccoli and waffles with a mushroom sauce on a plate with a spoon beside it.", "Plate of waffles and broccoli with spoon and small plates beside.", "A plate with food on it next a a spoon and some more plates.", "A large plate of waffles is next to plates with slices of peaches."]
["Many people walk nearby tall old buildings. ", "People walking down footpaths past old brick buildings.", "some people tables brown buildings and a clock", "Tables are set up under a canopy and people are approaching the tables.", "A cluster of old buildings rises above a shaded table."]
["a very large building with a clock tower near", "red brick clock tower in front of city building", "A clock tower next to a large building ", "An architectural structure with a large clock at the top.", "A tall building that has a clock with roman numerals on it. "]
["A woman holding a quiche in her hand and smiling", "A woman holding a piece of food in her hand.", "A lady in a blue jacket holds a quiche in a square.", "A woman is holding food in a plaza.", "A woman in blue holding a mini quiche in her hand at a park. "]
["A very tall clock tower sitting under a cloudy blue sky.", "A large clock tower with a wind indicator on top.", "Large clock tower on a brick building against white clouds and blue sky.", "There is a clock face on all sides of this tower.", "A tower that has a clock on the top of it."]
["Teddy Bear sitting on a radiator wearing a hat.", "A small teddy bear in the corner of a room.", "A teddy bear being tied up in a corner.", "A teddy bear wearing a green scarf sitting on a heating radiator.", "Brown toy bear blind folded and sitting in corner."]
["A giant clock mounted to the wall of a building.", "A train station with a gold and white clock next to glass wall.", "An ornate gold clock hangs in the lobby of a terminal.", "I'm not sure what kind of building that is.", "The large detailed clock is high up on the building wall."]
["A large clock tower with two clocks mounted to it's sides.", "There is a large clock tower with two clocks showing.", "A clock is on two sides of a building.", "Two clocks on a tall white clock tower", "A large clock tower below the clear sky."]
["A clock tower looms over a valley below. ", "A scenic cityscape with a clock tower in the background", "A large clock tower towering over a large city.", "A large clock tower on a hill overlooking a city.", "A large clock on a building with benches."]
["A very old clock overlooking a pub sign.", "A clock tower overshadowing a restaurant in a town.", "A sign with a harp and a tower with two clock faces.", "A store sign hanging from a post and a clock tower.", "A picture of a clock tower and a sign for an steakhouse"]
["Clock tower over a crowd of people standing on a bridge.", "A very tall clock tower sitting on top of a bridge.", "people standing on a bridge with a big clock on the tower", "A large clock tower near an opening to a facility.", "A clock tower with ornate designs above a bridge."]
["A photo of a gated archway with a clock on top.", "A large clock tower towering over a white building.", "A clock tower over the entrance to a village.", "A picture of a rot iron and gold clock.", " A TALL GATED TOWER WITH A HUGE CLOCK IN THE MIDDLE OF IT."]
["An ornate clock with four sides is shown in this photograph.", "Spherical brass clock indicating the time to be 3:32 against a backdrop of large, barred windows.", "THERE IS A TOWER CLOCK IN THE BUILDING ", "A four faced brass clock in a large room with large arched windows.", "A tall brass clock tower and high arched windows above a domed ceiling."]
["A large renaissance type building includes a clock tower and upper balcony.", "The tall tower of the building has a clock displayed. ", "A large building with a clock on a tower.", "A tall, grey building has clocks at the top of a tower.", "Large grey colored tower with several clock faces."]
["A very tall clock tower towering over a building.", "A large clock tower in black and white.", "A black and white picture captures gathered clouds over a clock.", "a big building that has a clock tower", "A clock tower standing above a building out side."]
["A clock sits by itself in front of trees", "The clock is standing tall in front of a tree while dark clouds loom. ", "The tree branches behind the tower clock lend style to it.", "A clock is sitting on top of the pole", "A square clock perches on a tall pole near a leafless tree."]
["A modern digital clock in a town square.", "A group of tourists looks at a sign with Olympic information.", "Several people who are looking at a sign.", "THERE ARE A LOT OF PEOPLE STANDNG IN THE PLAZA", "two people standing in front of a large digital clock getting their picture taken while a group of people watch"]
["A tall brick building glimmering in the sunlight.", "An old building with a clock on top of it.", "An old brick building with the clock tower and a flag.", "A large building with a clock tower and american flag.", "A large old building has a clock tower on it."]
["A row of different colored vases sitting on a walkway.", "A row of various pots with plants in them on a patio", "Large vases with plants in them are lined up.", "Different kinds of pots with plants stand in a row.", "Vases are lined up on the ground in a variety of colors."]
["Some flowers are in a beer bottle vase.", "there is a beer bottle that has flowers in it", "A bottle filled with lots of different colored flowers.", "A wine bottle is being used as a flower vase.", "Some flowers that have been placed in a beer bottle."]
["A vase with a flower sitting on top of a wooden table.", "A weird and strange looking vase in a flower. ", "A small, illuminated vase holds a single tulip at a cafe.", "A single tulip is seen in a small vase.", "A flower vase with a glow to it sitting on a table."]
["A woman in a shop painting a vase with decorative flowers.", "A woman prepares a pottery vase in a workshop.", "A woman in a pottery room painting a pot.", "A woman working on a sculpture in a room filled with pottery.", "The woman is painting a large vase in a shop filled with glass objects. "]
["A vase sitting on top of  a table filled with flowers.", "A potted plant with red roses on the side of the vase.", "A vase with metal designs and metal roses on the sides, along with glass components.", "A plant in a antique vase outside. ", "A potted plant inside an open car boot "]
["a couple of scissors resting next to each other on a mouse pad", "Two colorful kid's craft scissors on top of a mouse pad.", "This is an item that is simple and plain. \n", "The safety scissors are red, green, blue and yellow. ", "A couple of pairs of scissors sitting on top of a tray."]
["a pair of scissors sits next to some other supplies ", "A table with a white cloth with lots of different items on it.", "A table of craft supplies such as beads and cords.", "a scissor and some threads ready to make a chain", "A craft table with craft supplies on it."]
["Straight and round silver objects on top of each other.", "Take care of scissors close in black-and-white picture", "An upclose view of a pair of scissors inside a drain. ", "A scissors has drops of water on it, underneath a cross section of metal.", "A closeup view of a bunch of scissors in black and white."]
["A young man crafting something on the lawn outside.", "a close up of a person painting something in a field ", "THIS IS A PHOTO OF A MAN WORKING ON SOME SORT OF CRAFT PRJECT", "The man is kneeling next to a soap box racer. ", "A young man stoops to open paint beside a pink object."]
["A man lying on a coach in the living room.", "a man laying on a couch sleeping with his head on a teddy bear", "A man laying on a couch in a living room.", "A young man naps on a brown couch in a room with wood paneling.", "A person lying on a couch with a cup on the table"]
["A man is sitting in front of a stuffed bear", "A man sitting in front of a brown teddy bear.", "A man making a surprised face while a giant teddy bear stands behind him.", "A man poses in front of a large stuffed bear", "a male in a white shirt and a large bear behind him"]
["a women eating some kind of food in a restaurant.", "A women who is eating a piece of food.", "A woman that is sitting at a table with a plate in front of her.", "A beautiful women sitting in front of a plate of food.", "A red-haired girl and her Indian snack at an outdoor table"]
["A close-up of grains and pastries on a table.", "some bowls of food and a tray of sausages ", "many plates of pastries on a table with a bowl of strawberries", "A table topped with two pies and bowls of nuts.", "A setting of different foods being served in wicker baskets."]
["A table topped with plates of food and a glass of wine.", "There is chicken on the plate on top of lettuce.", "A plate full of food with a glass of wine on the side.", "A spoon that is on a plate with meat.", "A woman sitting at a table in front of a nice dinner."]
["Six people hold up wine glasses at a dinner table.", "Seven family members at a dinner table lifting their glasses for a toast.", "A group of people sitting around a table.", "A group of people sitting around a family table toasting.", "people standing around a table while holding up some wine glasses"]
["A group of people sitting under an umbrella around a table filled with cups and silverware.", "some people at a table with a umbrella silverware and some drinks", "People are sitting around an outdoor dining table.", "A family gathered around an outdoor table with drinks and menus.", "People sitting at outside patio under umbrella. "]
["A bunch of people are gathered around many tables inside of a building. ", "a man that is sitting at a table", "A group of men stand at small tables drinking wine.", "Convention with people standing at table with refreshments", "a number of people standing up at small tables "]
["A plate filled with a salad and a bowl of scrambled eggs.", "A meal is served in a bowl and on a plate.", "A plate with a bowl of mac n cheese and bread, with others. ", "A white plate of food and white bowl of soup.", "A tray which holds a bowl that contains bread, salad and other food. "]
["Indirect lighting in a darkened room plays across a table covered with the remains of a meal, thereby giving everything, including the table, a basket, plates with uneaten food, utensils and glasses with liquid, a reddish patina.", "A table setting with several plates of food and silverware.", "This dimly lit photo features plates of food.", "Two plates with silverware, drinks and a basket of chips on a table.", "Someone has eaten a meal at this table."]
["A very large crowd is close together taking pictures.", "These are all family members at a reunion getting their picture taken.", "A really big family posing for a picture at a special event.", "A large group of people making a signal with their hands.", "Group of youths gather together and make hand gestures"]
["A man wearing a leather jacket with a bald head.", "there is a man with amen face wearing a leather jacket", "A man standing and posing for a picture, during an event.", "A man holding a wine glass looking at the camera.", "The man in the black leather coat is holding a wine glass. "]
["A photo taken from the top of the table looking at a mirror in the background.", "a kitchen counter with wine glasses set out.", "A countertop holding a pewter bowl across from a shelf holding stemware.", "A kitchen counter with a jar and bowl on it, mirror with glasses on it.", "A tabletop view of wine glasses in a dining room."]
["A very big lady riding a bike on the street.", "A very large person riding a bike down the street.", "a person on a bike rides down a street ", "an obese women in tights riding a bike", "A person on bike riding down the road."]
["A man holding a small cat in his hands.", "A young man cuddling a small cat in his hands.", "A man holds a small animal to his face.", "A man snuggling a small animal near his face", "A man holding a small black and white cat in his hands and placing his face next to it."]
["A kitchen with a stove top oven and blue walls.", "A kitchen with a stove, cabinets, and blue walls.", "A blue wall and a white stove with a blue and white checker background.", "A view of a very modern kitchen. Its a 3d drawing.", "A kitchen with a stove and several cabinets in it."]
["A kitchen filled with furniture and a stove top oven.", "Two people working in a kitchen with various cooking devices.", "a kitchen with a table with lots of pots and pans", "Two people that are working on something in a room.", "Two people at a kitchen counter near a wood burning stove."]
["a woman walking along a sidewalk while holding a suitcase", "A woman carrying a bag down the street in a black and white photo.", "A woman is approaching a door rolling a suitcase behind her.", "A woman walking down a street with a bag of luggage.", "A woman is rolling a piece of luggage."]
["A kitchen with marble counter tops has wooden cabinets and many appliances.", "Marble counter top in kitchen around oven and sink", "a kitchen with a brown marble counter top", "A kitchen with marble counter tops covered in appliances.", "this kitchen has granite counter tops and many appliances"]
["Two men and a dog in a kitchen.", "Two men standing in a kitchen with a dog in between them.", "Two men are standing in a kitchen and a medium sized dog is looking up at one of them.", "Two men standing in a kitchen next to a dog.", "Two men and a dog standing in a kitchen."]
["a dog walking beside a man carrying a surf board", "A surfer and his dog walk on a beach.", "A man is carrying a surfboard and walking on a beach with a dog. ", "A man in a wet suit walking with a surfboard and a dog.", "The man is on the beach with his surfboard and dog. "]
["a room showing a wooden table and a capboard", "A wooden table sitting in the middle of a room.", "A small eating area with a table and cabinets next to a window.", "a blue plate is on a wood table", "a kitchen with a display case between some cabinets "]
["A kitchen area with shelves, counter and bar stools.", "A red ceiling adorns the kitchen, which also has a cool black and white checkered countertop. ", "View of kitchen with chairs, cupboard and large pantry unit.", "A long dining room has bar and bar stools.", "a kitchen with a lot of shelf and cupboard space "]
["A scene from the show Mad Men and some appliances.", "A beautiful woman preparing food in a kitchen next to dishes and appliances.", "A retro collage of photographs titled \"Joan's Kitchen\"", "a woman with large breasts is in the kitchen at the stove", "A woman with red hair wearing a blue dress stands by a stove as a man in a suit stands behind her."]
["A sculpture of a woman is laying in an all-white bed.", "A woman sits under the sheet on a mattress on the floor.", "a woman a white mat and pillow and white wall", "A sad woman laying on a mattress on a hardwood floor.", "A woman lying on a thin mattress on the floor with her knees up."]
["Three people standing around a brown horse with a white stripe on his face. ", "A man is holding up an IV bottle which is attached to a horse.", "A couple of men standing next to a man and his brown horse.", "Three young men standing with a horse, giving it something using a plastic bottle and tubing.", "Young men are standing next to a brown horse."]
["A couple of chairs and a counter in a room.", "A kitchen with modern stools next to a counter.", "a stone tiled kitchen with exposed ceiling beams", "a very large kitchen all in white with an island table", "a kitchen with slate flooring and modern barstools"]
["A pink cookie jar on a tile kitchen counter.", "a cookie jar is sitting on a white kitchen counter top", "A kitchen with a jar of dog bones on the counter.", "A kitchen filled with appliances and dishes on counter tops.", "A small jar with a persons name on it"]
["A man at a restaurant is waiting to serve customers.", "An outdoor kitchen area with chefs and a stove.", "Chefs work in an open kitchen and at a counter.", "there are many cook and chefs in this kitchen", "Men in a kitchen of some sort on a resort."]
["a person on the back of a parked truck", "Two men working in the back of a pickup truck.", "Two men loading something into the rear of a pick up truck.", "Two men are loading things from the bed of a pickup truck.", "Two men loading up the back of a truck"]
["A picture of some people that are cooking some food.", "some people wearing black and cooking food in a big kitchen", "A kitchen scene with several people preparing food.", "The kitchen of a large restaurant showing a carving station", "A couple of chefs preparing food in a kitchen."]
["a kitchen with a refrigerator a sink and a stove", "A kitchen has red cabinets, and white appliances.", "A kitchen with brown / red painted cabinets", "A kitchen with lots of appliances painted mostly brown.", "A kitchen with red cabinets, white appliances, white walls, and a chandelier."]
["A kitchen with a cluttered counter and wooden cabinets", "The large kitchen has an island covered with things.", "A kitchen has a refrigerator and a microwave.", "a kitchen with a refrigerator a sink and cupboards", "A nicely decorated kitchen with black and white theme."]
["a man that has a pan on a stove", "A woman standing in a kitchen with a tea kettle.", "Black and white photograph of a woman in an old kitchen", "A black and white photo of a woman near a stove", "A woman tends to a tea kettle that sits on a kitchen stove."]
["A kitchen area is shown with a bar.", "A empty kitchen with chairs and an island.", "Three seats are pushed in at the table with another table off in the distance. ", "A kitchen with wood floors and a large center island.", "A center island with lots of chairs up against it's counters."]
["A couple of people standing in a large kitchen.", "Two chefs working in a kitchen with trays ", "Two women in a kitchen with metal trays and ovens.", "there are two woman wearing hair nets in the kitchen", "Two women in aprons standing in an industrial kitchen."]
["An old man sitting down playing an accordion next to parked bikes. ", "A man sitting on a chair holding an accordion.", "an old man playing an equipment and many bikes parked", "A man on a bench is next to parked bicycles.", "Black and white photo of old man playing an accordian while sitting in a folding chair in front of a short brick wall with a wrought-iron fence next to a bike rack."]
["A man on a bicycle rides with his dog as a passenger in the back.", "A man is riding a bike with his dog in a basket.", "This photograph appears to be looking truly wonderful. \n", "A dog rides in a box on the back of a bike.", "Two photos one of a man carrying his dog in a bike and the other a close view of the dog."]
["A cat sitting in a bathtub behind the curtain.", "A white cat sitting in a tub next to red carpet.", "WHITE CAT FOUND IN THE WHITE BATHTUB AND WHITE SHOWER CURTAIN", "A cat is sitting inside a large bathtub.", "A white cat in a white bathtub looking at the camera."]
["A beautiful young lady standing in front of a shower.", "A woman is standing at a bathroom door.", "A woman stands at the door of a bathroom.", "A woman opening the doors from a bathroom.", "A woman is standing in a doorway to a bathroom."]
["A bathroom with a white toilet sitting next to a bath tub and a sink.", "A white toilet sitting next to a bath tub and a sink.", "Dimly lit bathroom scene, commode, sink and bathtub.", "A bathroom with a white toilet and tub and dim lighting", "A clean bathroom with pink walls and white appliances."]
["A full perspective of a restroom view with a few things. \n", "A bathroom that has a medicine cabinet over the toilet. ", "A washroom with a toilet and a washbasin.", "a toilet a sink some lights and a window and cabinet", "a bathroom with a sink and toilet sitting on some tile"]
["A white toilet sitting next to a white sink.", "A bathroom with a toilet, sink and shower", "A toilet with a sink and a shower area.", "a bath room with a toilet a shower and a sink", "its a bathroom with a toilet sink and a shower"]
["Photo of a two bathroom fixtures and a vinyl shower curtain.", "A bathroom with crooked tile on the wall.", "A bathroom with white fixtures and a mirror above the sink. ", "A bathroom with a small white toilet next to a shower and sink.", "A BATHROOM WITH A TOILET AND A SINK "]
["about twenty people riding bicycles through a town area", "A group of people walking down a street.", "A town square with many pedestrians walking about.", "THERE ARE LOTS OF PEOPLE ON THE CITY STREETS RIDING BICYCLES", "A large bus and some people on a city street."]
["A row of bathroom toilets by a green wall.", "a couple of white toilets are in a green restroom", "a line of toilets that are next to a wall", "A public rest room with three open toilets", "A Three toilets in a bathroom that do not have stalls."]
["A white toilet sitting in a bathroom on a tiled floor.", "an overhead view of a toilet with something inside", "Dead fly in a white porcelain toilet in a bathroom.", "Small black object sitting on the inside of a toilet bowl. ", "something in a toilet in a rest room bathroom "]
["A black and white toilet with a plunger.", "A toilet has a rug, and a plunger next to it.", "A small stall with large tiles, a toilet and two plungers", "A small restroom with a single toilet and wooden toilet seat.", "A toilet, plunger and rug in a tiled bathroom stall."]
["A bathroom with a glass door and a sink.", "A blue lined bathroom with an open glass door.", "A nice bathroom with a sink, toilet, and tiled shower.", "A bathroom that is clean and shiny in the day.", "a bathroom with a sink and a mirror and a window"]
["A bathroom with marble walls and counters surround a large mirror.", "A bathroom showing a large mirror and sinks.", "Marble bathroom interior with modern decoration and accents throughout.", "a bathroom with counters and the floor made out of marble ", "A pair of sinks sitting under a mirror."]
["A public restroom in a state of disrepair.", "A white toilet sitting inside of a bathroom stall.", "A white toilet sits in an old bathroom stall with crumbling walls.", "A toilet sits in a small rundown room.", "A toilet in a bathroom stall inside a building"]
["A white toilet sitting next to a bath tub with a chair in it.", "A chair sits in a bathtub in a bathroom", "A chair sitting in a shower, the photo is black and white.", "a small bathroom with a chair in the tub .", "A desk chair is in a bathtub in a run down bathroom."]
["A bathroom with his and her sinks and mirrors.", "A large open bathroom shows tiled marble flooring.", "A very big fancy looking rest room with a big counter.", "a bath room with a chair two sinks two mirrors", "A big, fancy bathroom with a long shelf with two sinks and a chair in the middle"]
["A bathtub sits next a window showing a ferris wheel.", "A view of the London Eye and Thames River from a luxurious hotel bathroom.", "a bathtub with a scenic view of the water and boat", "A bathroom with a view of a river", "A bathroom with a large white bathtub and a large window next to it looking out onto the water."]
["a big bathroom with colorful tile walls and fancy lights above the sink ", "a bath room with a shower and mirrors", "A very large bathroom features an open shower and a long vanity with dark wood cabinets and hanging lights.", "A nice bathroom has a marble like shower.", "A bathroom area with a standup shower, sink and mirror."]
["a brown wood counter with sink in a bathroom", "some white towels are tucked under the bathroom sink.", "There is a wood and stone vanity with one sink and a shelf below the vanity top in a bathroom.", "A hotel restroom with shelved sink cabinet, with towels, tray with paper cups upside down, travel sized toiletries, a mirror on wall, and a toilet.", "A bathroom with fresh towels stored under the counter. "]
["a mirror that has a big white sink on it", "a bathroom vanity with sink, flowers and mirror", "An elegant bathroom sink with oriental touches in a tiled bathroom", "A bathroom sink sitting under a large mirror.", "A bathroom with a brown vanity and a large mirror."]
["A white toilet sitting next to a bathroom sink.", "A simple bathroom features standard toilet and tan sink with dark wood cabinet. ", "a toilet sits next to a sink in a bathroom", "A cat walking across a residential bathroom floor", "the bathroom has a toilet and a sink and mirror"]
["A towel that is on a rack in a bathroom.", "A white bathroom with wood cabinets and a window", "A bathroom with a carpet, towels, a personal items on the counter.", "A bathroom room that has a window in it.", "A bathroom with toilet and sink in it."]
["Some people are sitting on a car that's been wrapped in plastic", "there are a few men that are sitting on top of a car", "a couple of people on a small cart drive down a road ", "People sitting on a car with suran wrap around them", "People sitting in a car going down the road"]
["A gold and white dog sticking its head out a car window.", "A dog is sticking his head out the window of a moving car. ", "A dog with his head out a car window.", "A dog riding in a car with its head sticking out of the window.", "A dog hangs his head out the window of a car as it travels down the road."]
["A man with an umbrella sits on the hood of a car. ", "A man is sitting on the hood of a car while holding an umbrella.", "Black and white photograph of a man with an umbrella.", "Black and white photo of a man holding an umbrella on a car.", "Black and white photograph of a man with an umbrella leaning on a car's hood"]
["Lovingly restored antique double decker buses in London", "Two double deck buses are next to each other", "two double decker buses sit next to each other in a parking lot", "Two red and green double-decker buses sit side-by-side. ", "Double decker buses sit side by side in a parking lot."]
["People walking outside of a red brick building.", "A group of people walking past a large brick building", "an image of a building with several cars parked in the lot", "There is an old brick building with a clock tower", "A city scape, the main brick building has a small clock tower on top. "]
["A person lying down by an open toilet! ", "A woman curled up on the floor next to a toilet in a bathroom stall.", "a young person lays down in front of a toilet ", "A woman curled up around the base of a toilet holding a can.", "A young male is curled up next to a toilet."]
["A huge hole in the middle of a bathroom. ", "A dirty tile floor that has a hole in it.", "A tile bathroom floor where a toilet used to be.", "A very nasty, rusty drain in the floor where a toilet used to be.", "The hole left behind after a toilet and pipes are removed."]
["Several people sitting around a table in a small room with a laptop, books and papers. ", "A group of men and women sitting around a wooden table.", "A group of students are around a table in the bathroom.", "Several people crowded into a bathroom at a table holding a meeting.", "A group of male and female students are sitting at a table in a bathroom studying. "]
["THERE IS A TOILET THAT IS DECORATED ", "a toilet with an open seat next to a metal object", "a toilet with a fancy scrolled design in the porcelain ", "a toilet sits on a tiled floor between two walls ", "A white toilet in a bathroom next to a trash can.;"]
["A motorcycle parked in a parking space next to another motorcycle.", "An old motorcycle parked beside other motorcycles with a brown leather seat.", "Motorcycle parked in the parking lot of asphalt.", "A close up view of a motorized bicycle, sitting in a rack. ", "The back tire of an old style motorcycle is resting in a metal stand. "]
["A picture of a yellow Cam-am three wheel motorcycle. ", "A three wheeled motor bike parked on the side of a street.", "A motorcycle is parked on the side of the road.", "A yellow, three-wheeled motorcycle, sits on the edge of a road, near a car.", "A three wheeled motorcycle parked on the side of a road."]
["A stone building with a clock displayed on the outside. ", "A tall multi-story building with a large clock atop it.", "A photo of a building with a clock tower.", "A large stone building with a clock face on it.", "A tan building with windows and a clock face on top. "]
["An old toilet is transformed into a lawn ornament by adding soil and plants.", "A toilet is being used as a flower pot.", "An old toilet is re purposed as a planter", "A toilet outside with lots of plants inside the bowl.", "A planter made out of a toilet with plants in it"]
["The man is holding a teddy bear over the ledge of a bridge.", "A man tossing a teddy bear off the side of a bridge with a parachute.", "a person throwing a stuffed animal off of a bridge", "A person is doing something that is very weird.\n", "A man holds a balloon and stuffed bear over the edge of a balcony."]
["Basket of old stuffed animals upside down in the trash. ", "A STUFF ANIMAL IS UNDER A BASKET ", "A couple of teddy bears placed underneath a wicker basket.", "An overturned basket full of stuffed teddy bears.", "A little basket sits on top of some tiny stuffed teddy bears "]
["A white toilet sitting on the floor next to a tiled wall.", "A toilet seat in a white bathroom of some sort.", "a white toilet some white tiles and some papers on the wall", "A picture of a dirty public bathroom stall.", "a rustic bathroom with a toilet and a water valve"]
["A full view of a teddy bear sitting on the small chair. ", "Brown teddy bear sitting on blue cushions in a wicker chair", "A stuffed teddy bear sitting on a white, wicker chair.", "A teddy bear sitting on a chair in a living room.", "A teddy bear sitting in a chair near a window."]
["A tower of a building that has a clock on it.", "there is a large building with a tower and a clock", "A large brick building with a tall tower containing a clock near the top", "A clock tower with a weather vane at the top.", "A building with a tower has a clock on the side."]
["A bathroom toilet with yellow liquid inside and a dirty tub.", "A white toilet with urine inside of it and smudges of shit.", "A dirty bathroom with bath tub and a toilet basin", "A bathroom with a table, toilet and tub.", "an image of a bathroom scene with toilet and tub"]
["A teddy bear sitting on top of an arch.", "A teddy bear on a parachute floating along side a building.", "A teddy bear that has a small parachute on him.", "a stuffed animal with a parachute falling from above", "A bear attached to a parachute falling from a building."]
["Rows of sitting benches in old looking church", "A decorative church has several rows of pews.", "some wooden church pews pillars and flags and wall hanging", "Wooden pews in older church with brick flooring.", "A bunch of seats that are inside of a church."]
["A large cathedral with a clock towards the top of it.", "A beautiful clock tower in a Gothic cathedral.", "A tall intricately designed religious building with a roman numeral clock.", "A huge church with a clock on the front is shown.", "a tall building with a clock built into it"]
["a bell in a tower with a clock underneath", "A clock tower reads 5:50 with a church bell. ", "A tower that has a clock and a bell on it.", "A large tall tower with a clock and bell.", "a bell tower with a clock face on it"]
["A bathroom filled with rotten,crap filled, destroyed toilets sitting in a row in a destroyed bathroom.", "A row of abandoned toilets along in various stages of disrepair.", "Several toilet bowls in a row in a restroom.", "Many toilets lined up against a wall in a rooms.", "A bathroom has been destroyed with graffiti, feces covering the floor and a lack of cleaning."]
["A couple of red motorcycles parked next to each other.", "some people looking at a bunch of motorcycles in a parking lot ", "Several motorcycles parked in rows on display in a parking lot.", "people looking at many motorcycles which are mostly red", "People standing around looking at motorcycles in a parking lot."]
["Two motorcycles parked next to each other on a parking lot.", "The motorcycles are parked in the parking lot. ", "an image of two motorcycles parked next to each other", "Two silver motorcycles on a parking lot with people in the background.", "Two motorcycle sit next to each other in a parking lot. "]
["A group of motorcycles parked next to each other.", "A red 1972 Harley Davidson motorcycle on display.", "Motorcycle show, one being displayed with sign. ", "A motorcycle on display with other motorcycles in a yard.", "Classic motorcycle on its stand with sign in front."]
["there is a yellow motorcycle that is parked on the street", "A yellow motorcycle parked on  a street next to a side walk.", "A yellow motor cycle park in front of a side walk.", "Yellow motorcycle parked in front of a building on the street.", "A yellow motorcycle with a few different sponsor advertisements painted on it in white."]
["A white  and gray water fixture sitting on top of cardboard.", "A piece of pottery sitting on a work table .", "A broken object sits on top of some cardboard.", "An ornate decorated ceramic toilet that is broken at the base with repair materials.", "A close up of a ceramic bowl that has been painted."]
["A gray cat laying on top of a wooden book shelf.", "A cat sleeping while sitting on top of a desk ", "a cat resting on a shelf next to some books", "A grey cat sleeping on a shelf behind books.", "A grey cat sitting on a bookshelf. "]
["A man standing next to a set of piked motorcycles.", "A group of men standing next to parked motorcycles", "People stand around two parked motorcycles at a curb.", "Motorcycle in the foreground with people and other motorcycles around it", "A red and black motorcycle sitting next to other motorcycles."]
["people walking around and looking at assorte motorcycles ", "A red bike is parked between others as people walk past ", "A couple of parked motor bikes on a street.", "A red motorcycle is parked in between two other motorcycles.", "A red motorcycle parked on the street while people pass"]
["A for of four urinals mounted to a wall.", " a bathroom with a picture of a bookshelf  above the urinals", "A line of urinals against a wall with bookshelves above.", "The urinals are sitting below the shelves full of books,", "A row of urinals with a well-stocked bookshelf in front. "]
["There is a toilet next to a wall.", "A white toilet sits outside of a house.", "The broken toilet is outside by the steps.", "A toilet sitting outside of a house ", "A toilet sitting on a cement pad outside."]
["A group of motorcyclists driving down the road. ", "A parade of motorcyclists take a winding road", "The motorcycle riders are driving down the road.", "There are many motorcycles driving on a street.", "A few motorcyclists exiting the road in neon vests"]
["Two people on motorcycles are at an intersection in a rural area.", "A man turning into an intersection on a motorcycle.", "Two men are riding motorcycles in the street. ", "two motorcycle riders on a road some grass and trees", "A motorcyclist makes a turn as another motorcyclist follows. "]
["A black and white photo of a teddy bear holding a cross.", "A stuffed teddy bear holding a crucifix in its paws.", "A teddy bear is siting holding a cross.", "A small stuffed bear holding a crucifix with Christ.", "A teddy bear that is holding a cross."]
["A laptop and some computers on a desk.", "a laptop and a computer are on a desk together", "A desktop and a laptop on a desk.", "a table covered in laptops and a computer monitor", "A desk with computer, laptop, phone and cell phone on top."]
["An old brick building contains an appliance store.", "A red building with a green over hang on it.", "An older brick building with two store fronts.", "An orange brick building with big windows and a green sign", "An older appliance store in a red brick building."]
["Two computer monitors, a laptop, keyboard and mouse set up on a desk.", "a brown desk two monitors a laptop and a keyboard ", "A desk that has three computers on top of it.", "Three computer monitors side by side on a desk.", "a desk with a laptop and a keyboard and a couple of monitors"]
["a close up of a pot with a cell phone ", "A cell phone in a bowl of blue beads. ", "A cell phone is sitting in a bowl filled with blue things.", "a cell phone laying in a bowl of beads", "A cell phone sitting in a clay pot full of beads."]
["Two computers, keyboard and phone with mouse on a desk.", "There is a laptop next to a desktop computer", "a laptop computer a keyboard with a screen a mouse and home phone", "The interior of an office with a laptop next to a computer.", "A couple of computers that are on a desk."]
["An office cubicle with clutter on the desk", "A large and cluttered work cubicle decorated with pictures .", "a desk that has some computers on it", "A neat cubicle is decorated with funky lamps and many keepsakes.", "A cubicle with decorated walls and multiple computers"]
["Close up of the flower extending from a banana tree stalk", "A banana tree is producing a bunch of bananas", "A banana plant with a large flower and unripe bananas.", "A bunch of green bananas tops a large bloom.", "Purple flower with shell on top near unripe bananas. "]
["A flower hanging from a bunch or green bananas.", "a flower with some plants on its stem ", "A plant with a purple flower and several unripe bananas.", "a purple flower hanging upside down from a green stem with green plantains attached", "a banana plant and a bunch of green bananas "]
["A brick building with a clock tower at the corner of a street.", "A clock tower as part of a traditional building during the day.", "A tall church has clocks and trees on a street corner.", "A church with a clock tower on an intersection corner.", "The church has a tall tower where a clock is displayed. "]
["A diner with large pepsi signs on the front of it.", "The door of a rustic diner is left open for using a screen door.", "a picture of a diner in a small town with Pepsi signs. ", "A diner with benches, flag, mailbox, and newspaper dispenser in front. ", "Red brick building sells pepsi named Kathy's diner."]
["A man standing next to a motorcycle in the middle of a street.", "A motorcycle rider is standing next to his black motor cycle while a red traffic light hangs in the sky.", "A motorcycle and rider pausing at a traffic light.", "a person standing by their motorcycle in the middle of the road", "A motorcyclist stands next to his bike on the street. "]
["Several beautiful vintage racing motorcycles on public display.", "there are many different dirt bikes on display", "Two small bikes in front of signs describing them.", "a motored bike display for a minarelli bike", "Several dirt bikes are standing in a row."]
["A row of red and white umbrellas stand above tables in an outdoor eating area.", "A group of benches with Coca Cola umbrellas over them.", "Several picnic tables are sit up in a row with Coca Cola umbrellas over them.", "A row of picnic benches and coca cola umbrellas outside a restaurant. ", "Coca Cola canopies outside next to some tables."]
["A guy sitting on his motorcycle while a woman stands beside him", "A gang of bikers sitting on top of motorcycles on a sidewalk.", "Three motorcyclists and their bikes stand on the pavement.", "Several people around some motorcycles on the side of a road.", "a man and woman leaning against a motorcycle"]
["A pile of rusted metal junk laying in the weeds.", "A rusty apparatus is laying in a green thicket.", "old rusted metal on the floor with many plants and trees", "A pile of scrap metal sitting on the floor of a forest.", "The rusty remains of a metal device in green weeds"]
["An old-fashioned motorcycle painted mint green and parked on a curb.", "Two people standing beside two small motorcycles outside.", "A nice looking motor cyce sits in a cage", "Motorcycle on display in parking lot for many to see", "The motorcycle is parked on the side of the road."]
["A man riding a motorcycle with a woman on the back.", "A man and women riding a moto cylce down a high way.", "Two people riding motorcycles down the city street ", "two people sitting on a motorcycle driving down the street", "Two people on a motorcycle driving behind someone else on a motorcycle."]
["A man leans over his motorcycle and rests one hand on the leather seat.", "A man holding his motorbike near a store", "The man is bent over and looking at something on the bike", "A picture of a man with a motorcycle. ", "A man working on a Suzuki motor cycle at a station.", "A man working on a red motorcycle parked next to a store display."]
["a person washing a parked motorcycle on a concrete road", "a man walks up to a parked motorcycle ", "A man cleaning the seat of a motorcycle with multiple colors on it.", "A man standing next to a red motorcycle.", "A man washing a motorcycle at a service station."]
["A stationary train with the door wide open.", "Train doors open with steps on platform and pole", "a public transit train at a train station with its doors open", "An empty commuter train trimmed in red and gold.", "The door to the train is open at the depot."]
["The side of a train showing the entrance and two doors.", "Two ends of train cars, one is handicap accessible. ", "A photo of the connection section of a train", "The gray and steel train has its door open", "A train sitting on a track during the day."]
["A TV sitting on top of a table next to a laptop computer.", "A bright blue laptop on a desk with a TV and plastic bottles.", "a blue laptop is next to a small television screen", "A blue laptop sits on a desk next to a small T.V.", "A nice blue laptop on a messy table"]
["A fighter jet is flying at a fast speed.", "A fighter jet soars up into a blue sky.", "An old military jet fighter climbing in altitude.", "A fighter jet flying through the sky with smoke coming off of it.", "A figher jet creating condensation flying through the blue sky."]
["A sky filled with airplanes flying underneath the clouds.", "Eight small planes fly against a white background.", "Several planes in similar styles flying in formation.", "Eight old-fashioned planes are flying in a group.", "Eight jets in the sky in a flying formation."]
["Two large commercial airplanes sitting on the runway.", "Two large jetliners sitting on airport runways passing each other by.", "Two planes are placed next to each other.", "A pair of jet airplanes stand at rest on a tarmac at an airport.", "A pair of jet airlines sit at an airport."]
["a large air plane flying in the air", "A commercial jet painted with Pikachu images rising up into the sky", "The airplane is painted with special logos and symbols.", "The large jet painted with anime characters is flying upward.", "a passenger plane decorated with characters from Pokemon"]
["A large passenger jet taking off from an airport runway.", "An airplane with a Pokemon theme just lifting off the tarmac.", "a yellow white and blue jet is taking off", "The bright yellow plane is decorated with images of Pokemon.", "A colorful jet airliner takes off from an Oceanside airport."]
["The jet is flying high in sky threw the sun", "A small airplane flying high up in the sky.", "A jet plane flies in the sky, covering up the sun.", "A modern aircraft flies high above the Earth through bright blue skies.", "A jet is flying in the sky while being photographed"]
["A group of people standing behind a Military cargo plane.", "The back of a grey airplane with people standing in the runway.", "A group of people looking at an air plane with its back cargo hold door open.", "A plane that is on top of the  ground.", "People are looking at an airplane on a tarmac."]
["A kite flying in the sky on a cloudy day.", "A green, red, yellow and blue kite fly's through the sky.", "a colorful  kite flying high on a cloudy day", "A kite flying in a partly cloudy sky ", "A colorful kite flying in a cloudy blue sky."]
["A woman standing with a bi-wing airplane on a runway.", "A person that is posing by a plane.", "A woman is standing next to a red plane", "A woman and a small single engine plane ", "A woman standing beside a vintage red and white aircraft."]
["A small airplane sitting on top of a runway.", "some people waiting to get on a small plane ", "A small private plane being loaded for a trip.", "Several passengers waiting near an older style airplane", "Several people lined up to board a small plane on a dirt airstrip."]
["Three blue and white airplanes are on an airport runway. ", "An airplane landing strip area and apron area with several planes parked on it.", "Several passenger airplanes that are on the runway.", "Three blue-and-white ANA (All Nippon Airways) airplanes at an airport.", "There are a few airplanes on the runway of the airport. "]
["A large passenger jet taking off from an airport runway.", "A large commercial airplane is taking off the runway.", "A passenger jet taking off from an airport in an East Asian city.", "Passenger aircraft taking off from a runway with a city backdrop.", "a red and white jet is taking off and some buildings"]
["an aerial view from a planes window of clouds and a sunset", "Passenger view from a jet airliner flying above the clouds.", "A plane flying low over a snow capped plain", "The view from an airplane seat displaying a bed of clouds.", "A jet engine flying over a cloud filled sky."]
["A man sitting on a green bench in the park", "A man is sitting on a bench in the middle of a field.", "A man sits at a picnic table at the park", "A man waving from a bench next to a baseball diamond", "A man sitting on top of a green bench."]
["A woman walking across the street looking at a Car Quest vehicle.", "A woman crosses a neighborhood street using the crosswalk.", "Black and white photo of a pedestrian at a suburban crosswalk", " A street scene with a woman crossing at the crosswalk.", "A car drives on the road while a woman walks."]
["A line of benches that are snow covered", "Several wooden benches, all lined up, lightly covered in snow.", "Snow covered benches with bushes in the background", "The benches along the sidewalk are covered with snow.", "A line of outdoor benches are covered in snow. "]
["A couple of dead, stuffed giraffe on display.", "A giraffe and fence design are painted onto the wall.", "Two fake looking giraffes are on display at an exhibit.", "there is a very tall giraffe inside of a building", "Two giraffes indoors and one of them has their head over the fence."]
["A giraffe behind a wire fence in a zoo.", "A giraffe in a dirt area next to a fence and wired covering.", "Giraffe standing next to wooden fence in open area.", "a small giraffe that is by a wooden fence", "A brown and white baby giraffe in an enclosure"]
["A woman in red sitting on a park bench.", "A monk in an orange robe sitting on top of a bench.", "A man in a robe and flip flops sits on a bench.", "View from behind of a bench with a woman sitting on it looking to one side, in a city setting.", "A man sits by himself on the bench. "]
["A group of people behind a white picket fence watching a person in the grass with a dog and small group of sheep.", "A dog herds two sheep across a lawn.", "A woman and dog herding three sheep at a contest.", "A couple of animals are in the grass.", "A dog herds sheep in front of an audience. "]
["A man walking across an airport next to a passenger jet.", "A person wearing a safety vest walks in front of a plane that is being boarded by passengers.", "A man walking on the tarmac next to a jumbo jet.", "a man is walking outside of an airplane", "People board a plane as a man in an orange vest walks towards the rear."]
["A street scene with a trucking going by.", "A truck with the word \"recall\" written on it drives down the road.", "a truck on a road riding down a street corner. ", "A truck is parked on the side of the road next to a building.", "A delivery truck riding past a traffic light and bench."]
["A giraffe is eating leaves off of a tree", "A giraffe is eating from a green tree.", "a giraffe look up into a tree near a water hole ", "A giraffe standing next to a field filled with trees.", "The giraffe is standing directly under a tree."]
["An animal is walking along in a wooded area.", "A giraffe standing in the middle of a tree filled forest", "THIS IS A LONE ZEBRA WALKING BY HIMSELF", "A giraffe is standing alone next to trees.", "A lone giraffe is standing in a wooded area."]
["A giraffe is standing between two trees and some rocks. ", "Tall giraffe walking onto a dirt hill in the woods.", "A giraffe walking between trees in the dirt.", "A giraffe in a contained area walking towards the fence.", "A giraffe is walking through a wooded area."]
["a number of large air planes at terminals ", "A group of airplanes all in the runway waiting for boarding. ", "Several flight planes sitting in a row of docking stations.", "There are many different airlines pulled up to the terminal at the airport.", "An airport that has several planes at different terminals."]
["A couple of jetliner sitting on top of an airport runway.", "A group of planes sitting in a airport during the day.", "A photo that is double exposed with several planes sitting on the ground.", "A photo through a window looking a planes parked at the terminal.", "A pair of planes are parked on the tarmac of an airport."]
["A line of buses in a parking lot with people standing around.", "there is a yellow bus and a blue bus on the street", "A group of buses sitting next to each other.", "a line of passenger busses in assorted colors ", "A yellow bus and two blue busses on a parking lot."]
["A red bus traveling down the road while people walk by", "A red Two level bus stopped to pick up passengers", "A red double decker bus driving down a street.", "A double Decker bus is traveling down a street.", "A double decker bus driving down a road beside a few people."]
["A group of people petting giraffes at a zoo.", "A hand betting a giraffe whose head is sticking over a fence.", "A giraffe is being pet by an adult and child's hand as other people are watching on the other side of the fence.", "A giraffe having its nose rubbed by a tourist ", "A group of people are meeting a giraffe."]
[" a street sign with the red light glowing brightly on it ", "a couple of stop lights sit in front of a building ", "A stoplight controlling traffic in an urban intersection", "An old building sits in the background behind an illuminated signal light.", "A stoplight that indicates do not turn left."]
["A red and black truck with a man riding on back of it.", "The man is riding in the back of a pick up truck. ", "A man sitting in the back of a pickup truck.", "A man sitting in the back of a pickup truck at a farmers market", "The person is riding on the back of the multi-colored truck."]
["A group of parked bikes sitting on the side of a road.", "There is a street corner with street signs and bikes parked nearby.", "some red and white street signs and two people on bicycles", "a group of bikes that is parked outside a building.", "There are people riding bikes on the street."]
["A giraffe and a gazelle that are grazing together in a zoo.", "A giraffe standing next to a couple of wild deer.", "Some animals are eating off a tree at the zoo.", "A giraffe and two deer in a fenced enclosure feeding on hay.", "A giraffe is next to a tree with another animal."]
["A city street at night filled with lots of traffic.", "A city street with traffic caught in motion at night time.", "A street scene at night shows trailing lights. ", "a city street with some traffic passing on it ", "A scene of a street at night taken with a long exposure. "]
["Two street lights on a corner pole in a town.", "Traffic light signaling people that it's time to walk", "A traffic light mounted to the side of a wooden pole.", "A pedestrian stop light showing the word 'walk'", "A traffic light with the walk sign lit up on a pole."]
["a number of giraffes in a field near trees ", "A group of giraffes that are standing in the grass.", "a herd of giraffes run through some dead grass ", "A group of giraffe walking across a field.", "two little giraffes standing by a bigger one "]
["Woman with bookin sat on sidewalk from the top view", "A pretty lady in a short dress reading a book.", "A woman sitting on a bench with a book on her lap.", "A woman that is sitting on a bench with a book.", "A woman sitting on a bench with a book in her lap."]
["A tower towering above a small city under a blue sky.", "A street scene showing a street sign, traffic light and building.", "A street light, a large building and a pole.", "A spire being viewed from the ground near a traffic light.", "A stop light hanging over a city street"]
["Group park benches light up any Park. ", "Several park benches in a park by a walkway.", "A bunch of benches that are sitting in the grass.", "a number of benches  near one another ", "A row of green mossy covered park benches."]
["A wooden park bench sitting in the  middle of a park.", "A bench sits in front of an asphalt that is being overgrown with grass", "A park view picture, there appears to be a filter on the camera.", "a bench sitting on the side of a big park", "The bench is near a park clearing and a tree."]
["A long horn sheep standing on top of a field.", "A sheep that is grazing in a field.", "some sheep are grazing in a grassy field", "A cow standing around in a field with other cows", "A SHEDDING SHEEP IN A FIELD AMONG OTHER SHEEP"]
["A giraffe standing next to a pile or rocks.", "A GIRAFFE IS STANDING EATING GRASS IN THE DEN ", "A giraffe is leaning down to eat the grass", "A giraffe with its neck stretched over rocks and eating grass.", "A giraffe grazes on some grass on a plateau."]
["A street containing various cars and lampposts at night.", "Many cars are parked on both sides of a snowy street.", "A street at night in some town with not so colorful lights.", "a city street at night with parked cars next to the sidewalks.", "Cars parked on the street at night near some buildings."]
["A couple of giraffes that are standing in the grass.", "Two giraffes standing by a pole in a grassy field.", "A couple of giraffe eating hay from a trough in a field.", "Two giraffes are eating in a field of grass.", "There are a couple of kangaroos out in a pasture and one of them is eating."]
["A giraffe standing next to a pile of dead wood.", "A giraffe bends to smeel the branches of a fallen tree.", "A giraffe bending down to eat bark from a tree", "A giraffe sniffs a pile of wood at the zoo.", "Giraffe bending down to eat leaves off a fallen tree."]
["Buses of various colors parked in a parking lot. ", "a group of buses are parked at an empty bus stop", "Several rows of buses parked in a parking lot.", "A parking lot full of various buses all parked together in parking spaces.", "Transit buses are parked in neat diagonal rows."]
["Several benches stand by the side of a river.", "the benches are both empty in front of the lake ", "Empty park benches on grass near the water.", "two benches near each other in a field near water ", "two benches in a field overlooking a body of water"]
["The trolley is picking up passengers along the road.", "A trolley stopped at a curb across from a lawn with flowers.", "A trolley stops at a stop to let passengers board", "A small colorful bus stopped at the side of a road.", "a red yellow and green bus some flowers and some trees"]
["A row of several purple buses at a bus station", "A row of purple buses parked next to each other.", "A fleet of transit buses colored purple sitting in a row.", "Eight pink buses are parked in a row. ", "A parking lot with many large purple buses."]
["A bus is parked in front of a building.", "A passenger bus is parked on the side of a street. ", "A white and blue bus in front of a building", "A bus with passengers inside is pulling up to a building.", "A bus driving past a stone building with a brown roof."]
["This hazy picture depicts traffic on a busy street.", "A city street filled with lots of traffic.and hills.", "Looking across a rainy, busy street at the hills behind it", "Looking down a city street on a gloomy day.", "a couple of cars sitting on top of a hill"]
["A couple are approaching a man sitting down outside of a small shop. ", "A group of people walking past the front of a store.", "A group of people walk past a shop.", "People are walking down the street having a conversation.", "A store with a man sitting outside of it that has a sign in the window ."]
["The front of a house is next to some trees.", "A gray and white house with several trees in the front yard. ", "The house in the black and white photo is between trees.", "A house on a street anywhere in America.", "there is a beige and white house in this picture"]
["A fire hydrant on the street by a building.", "a building standing in front of a street with a crossing section", "Old building with lots of paper in windows.", "A red hydrant that is sitting in front of a building.", "Papers cover the windows of an old building."]
["A busted fire hydrant spewing water out onto a street.", "An opened fire hydrant blasts water into the street with children playing near by.", "Kids playing in the street with a fire hydrant spraying water.", "The hydrant is spraying water onto the street. ", "A hydrant is open and pours water onto a city street."]
["A building with a red hand rail sitting next to a street.", "The Song Hee at Empire Avenue isn't taking customers. ", "a chinese diner sits on the corner of a street", "This small Chinese take out restaurant is closed.", "Door to take out restaurant on street corner."]
["a store sits in front of a fire hydrant ", "A man standing outside a corner convenience store.", "A bright orange fire hydrant is shown on the sidewalk.", "A small convenience store in a corner building.", "A two story blue building with a \"Israel\" sign."]
["A yellow fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.", "a close up of a fire hydrant on a side walk", "an empty street with some fire hyrandts sitting on the sidewalk ", "A yellow fir hydrant with a street and teal building behind it.", "An empty street is lined with a sidewalk and buildings."]
["A herd of sheep standing on top of a grass covered field.", "A bunch of hay bales are in a field. ", "some white and brown animals some grass wood and trees", "A herd of shaggy haired sheep grazing in a field.", "The wooly sheep are grazing in the green pasture."]
["A red fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road on a side walk.", "A black and red fire hydrant is wearing a hat.", "A fur hat sit on top of a fire hydrant.  ", "A hat on top of a red fire hydrant.", "An animal print hat sits on top of a hydrant."]
["A red fire hydrant located beside a river of water.", "A fire hydrant sits next to a river and mountain.", "A river with a fire hydrant in foreground and mountains.", "A red and silver fire hydrant in the mountains", "A fire extinguished is located on the side of the road"]
["Children playing in water on a street. ", "A couple of kids standing next to orange traffic cones.", "Children playing in the water spray from a fire hydrant on a city street.", "Children play in the water from a fire hydrant in an urban setting.", "a couple of orange cones that are next to some buildings"]
["A little girl standing beside a dirty fire hyrdrant", "A little girl in red is touching a fire hydrant.", "a little girl standing next to a yellow fire hyrdrant and touching it ", "A little girl standing next to a yellow and white fire hydrant.", "A young girl standing next to a yellow fire hydrant."]
["Three red two deck buses along a city street.", "Three double decker buses filled with passengers on the street", "Three double decker tour buses driving down a city street.", "There is a double-decker bus parade driving down the street.", "a double deck bus drives on a street "]
["A man near a red fire-hydrant during the day.", "A man standing next to a fire hydrant and a wall with graffiti on it.", "A man is standing on a street corner in front of graffiti.", "A homeless man standing in front of graffitti on a street corner ", "A man stands on a street corner in front of graffiti."]
["an orange and white double decker bus and a woman and child crossing the street", "Double decker red and white bus passing through a city downtown. ", "A red and white double decker bus on street.", "Old Double Decker bus driving through heavy traffic ", "a red and white double decker bus passing pedestrians"]
["A bench sitting in front of a group of vending machines.", "Park bench by vending machines in an Asian country.", "a bus bench sitting on a side walk", "there is a bench in front of the line of vending machines.", "The empty bench is in front of the machines."]
["Red fire hydrant on grass in front of a black street.", "A fire hydrant on the side of the road outside a business.", "A fire hydrant with an out of order sign on a street side.", "A red fire hydrant in grassy area next to street.", "A fire hydrant that is in the grass."]
["Eashitte and little lamb and a large open field", "A flock of sheep and their young in a field.", "two sheep standing in a field of green", "Several sheep in a grassy field near a crow in flight.", "A sheep standing with a lamb in the grass."]
["A woman sitting on a bench holding a bag.", "a person sitting on a bench outside of a building", "A woman with a shopping back sitting on a bench outside of a store.", "A women who is sitting on a bench.", "Black and white photo of a woman sitting on a bench.\n"]
["A fire hydrant and a car parked near a house.", "A fire hydrate next to an empty sidewalk and street.", "Car parked beside some type of business just off the street", "A fire hydrant sits next to a sidewalk in front of a suburban business.", "A suburban street with a few houses on the block "]
["A herd of giraffe standing on top of a dry grass field.", "a grouop of giraffes sitting and walking through the wilderness", "a bunch of giraffes graze in a wide open field ", "A herd of giraffe is in an arid field.", "A group of giraffes with a warthog in the middle of them. "]
["Giraffes sitting in a dry grassy field during the day", "A herd of giraffes sit and stand in the desert.", "a herd of giraffes on a dry grassy plain", "A large group of giraffe standing in a field.", "a giraffe is laying down in a field"]
["A group of people traveling down a cobble stone street.", "a brick city street witgh people walking around", "People looking in store windows and moving around a street.", "A cobblestone street and sidewalks are a familiar site in foreign countries.", "Pedestrians on cobblestone roadway outside of city businesses."]
["A group of giraffe standing next to each other.", "Four giraffes walking along a path in their enclosure.", "Four giraffes are walking up an inclined path.", "A giraffe family taking a walk inside their zoo enclosure.", "family of four giraffes walking down the path"]
["A picture of some people walking across the street.", "A busy urban street with various pedestrians and traffic.", "Busy commuters in a city walking down the street.\n\n\n\n\n\n", "A woman with a red scarf and black leather jacket walking in the city. ", "People walk across an intersection while buses drive by. "]
["A red bus in a city scene with traffic.", "A red passenger bus drives down a busy road. ", "A city bus driving through the city with passengers.", "A large red bus on a city street.", "A city bus driving down a crowded city street."]
["Three gray and white baby birds are sitting in a nest.", "Three small birds sitting together in a nest.", "Three small birds sitting in a bird nest.", "Three birds sit leaning out of a bird's nest.", "A few birds sitting together in a nest."]
["A stop sign that is by a road by the beach.", "A stop sign is shown near the ocean side.", "A stop sign on a street and a fence n the background with a body of water.", "There is a red stop sign on this corner by a beach", "A stop sign at an intersection with water in background."]
["A tall monstrous looking street sign sitting on the side of a road.", "A collection of street signs stands in front of a loading dock with semis and trailers.", "A street pole with multiple street signs pointing in different directions.", "There is a post with many signs on it.", "A street pole has an enormous number of signs on it."]
["A vast and grassy field with sheep grazing.", "a number of sheep in a field with a tree in the background", "A herd of sheep grazing on a lush green field.", "A herd of sheep grazing in a field.", "A herd of wooly sheep eating in a grassy pasture."]
["Two giraffes in a room with people looking at them.", "Two giraffe standing next to each other in a room.", "The giraffe is being kept by itself indoors. ", "A man and woman staring at two giraffes through a window.", "a giraffe in a enclosed area is watched by some people"]
["a close up of three giraffes in a structure near a brick wall", "a couple of giraffes are standing together by a wall", "There are two giraffes staring at the other giraffe.", "An adult giraffe and two young giraffes standing together.", "A close up of three giraffe's heads two appear to be youths."]
["A person that is feeding an animal with her hand.", "Two men feeding a giraffe over a wooden fence.", "Two men are feeding a giraffe in a stall.", "Two men are feeding a giraffe in a pen.", "A man is feeding a giraffe something from his hand. "]
["Two birds swimming in the water with large bills.", "two black and white birds swimming in some water ", "Two large birds with long beaks swimming in a pond.", "Two black and while pelicans on the water.", "Two long-beaked birds float on the surface of the lake."]
["A giraffe is leaning over a fence looking at people.", "A giraffe leans its neck into a crowd of people.", "A family observing a giraffe at a zoo.", "A group of people are looking at a giraffe by a fence.", "A group of people standing next to a giraffe."]
["People crossing the street of a busy city street.", "This is a cityscape with many screens and light visible. ", "A city street is brightly lit with advertisements.", "A city filled with electronic billboards on a busy street.", "A street view of a city at night."]
["An asian city is all lit up in the dark.", "A city is lit up at night and cars are in the street.", "A variety of signs are shown on the side of the road.", "A city area with bus, cars and people at night.", "Many neon lights at night in the city"]
["Two white swans taking flight from a lake.", "Two bird flying low across a body of water.", "Two geese or swans flying close to the surface of a body of water.", "Two swans preparing to take off from the lake.", "two big white birds are flying over some water"]
["a bird is perched high up in a tree", "A tree with green leaves and a bird in the middle on one of the branches.", "A view of a tree with white stuff on some branches and something round near the leaves. ", "There is a bird perched on a tree branch.", "A bird is sitting on a branch high in the tree."]
["Wood post lined up in the water with birds perched on them. ", "Do these birds create a pattern by sitting in line on the posts?", "a bunch of birds that are standing on some wood", "Birds sit on wooden posts looking over the lake.", "a row of birds perched on wooden posts in a lake"]
["a bird trying to eat out of a bird house ", "A bird eating food out of a bird feeder. ", "a little bird is feeding from a bird feeder", "a hummingbird eating from a little bird feeder", "a small bird flying with a blurry background "]
["A white and grey bird in tree with green leaves.", "A gray and white bird perched on a branch in a green tree.", "a close up of a small bird on a tree branch with many leaves", "A small bird with colored feathers perched on a branch", "A speckled bird sitting on a branch among green leaves."]
["A yellow and white train traveling past a train station.", "A small train going down the train track.", "A single train car stopped at a small station.", "A large long train on a steel track.", "Single commuter train car at a rail station."]
["A red stop sign at the end of a street.", "Two red stop signs on a city street. ", "Two stop signs at an intersection with a car in the middle of them.", "A stop sign in the foreground and another stop sign in the background.", "A stop signs stands at a cross walk on a street."]
["Some very cute big birds by the water.", "Two birds with huge beaks walking on the ground and some in the river. ", "Two pelicans on the sidewalk in the foreground with several more in the water in the background", "some birds are standing near some water outside", "Two pelican walk along a sidewalk while others swim in the water below"]
["A man standing on the corner with a drink in hand.", "A man in a suit walks across the street with a drink in his hand.", "a man in a suit is crossing the street", "a man in a suit carrying a drink and a red and white sign", "A man in a suit is standing in the street"]
["A pole with signs on it in the street out side.", "A black and white photograph of street signs.", "A pole with many street signs attached to it.", "A telephone poll with a Yonge St sign attached. ", "a telephone pole with some signs on it "]
["A yellow and red grain engine passing under train signal lights ", "Engine train stopped at railway signal as the conductor interprets the signal's indication.  ", "a red and yellow train is going past some red lights/train signals", "A train engine moving down the train track.", "a train operating on a set of train tracks"]
["A man walking past a train at a train station.", "A man in black pants and a tie is near a white and yellow train.", "The man is boarding the train while it's stopped. ", "A man walking next to a train car.", "A man walks in a subway station while two trains arrive."]
["The baby birds in a next tucked up under an eave.", "three unusual looking birds with flat beaks sitting in a nest", "Three brown birds are next to a patch of soil", "A group of small birds sitting inside of a nest.", "a couple of birds that are in a nest"]
["A couple of trains traveling down train tracks.", "A couple of trains that are sitting on the rails.", "Trains are traveling through a switch yard at a train station.", "Three trains at a train station on parallel tracks.", "Colorful passenger trains make their way on parallel tracks."]
["A train engine carrying carts down a track.", "A yellow train is going down the tracks near power lines.", "Train passing through rail yard carrying several cars.", "A train traveling down tracks past a small building.", "A train that is sitting on the tracks."]
["a train on a train track on an elevated bridge", "A view of a park, bridge, the city skyline and a body of water. ", "A bridge and a river are in front of a city skyline.", "On a clear day a view of a train crossing a railroad bridge and the city in the distance.", "The view of a city and a lake near it ."]
["A bird walking through some gravel as its baby chicks follow.", "a small bird in a field with gravel and grass", "A bird standing in a grassy and rocky area.", "Ducks are walking along the grass and rocks.", "Small birds walking on the grass next to the body of water. "]
["a big train that is on a rail way", "A commuter train passing through a rural area behind some houses.", "Short commuter train passing an outdoor platform, on off hours.", "The train was just coming into the station.", "Blue white and yellow passenger train coming to a stop at a station. "]
["Two ducks stand in shallow water and cast shadows", "A couple of birds walking along a body of water.", "Two birds in the water at a lake.", "Two birds are standing at the water's edge. ", "Two birds that are standing in the water."]
["A yellow and black train on a track.", "A train sitting on a track near other tracks.", "A train on a tracks with a house and grass in background.", "an image of a green and yellow train going down the tracks", "A train locomotive sits on tracks with houses in the background."]
["Child with goggles and cat and baseball with wood background", "A young boy wearing goggles and a billed hat holding a stick.", "A boy is hold a baseball bat underneath a white roof. ", "A little boy is wearing a baseball cap and googles, and is gripping a baseball bat. ", "a child with a hat and sunglasses and is holding a stick"]
["A black pole with a pepsi sign hanging from it's side.", "We are looking at the sign for a restaurant.", "Just Barb 's sells the best fried clams, Pepsi, and breakfast between 6 am-11am.", "A few signs read \"Pepsi\" and \"Just Barb's\".", "A restaurant sign showing the hours and specials."]
["A sign on a road that resembles a chess board.", "A car parked in front of a road barricade next to a yellow checkered sign.", "a street blocked off by a guardrail and sign", "a sliver car at barrier with a yellow and black traffic sign.", "A yellow and black checkered sign at a blocked road."]
["A train that is sitting on the tracks.", "The trains are parked on the railroad tracks at the station.", "A public transportation tram is stopped at a station.", "A train engine carrying a cart into a station.", "A yellow, blue and purple subway train at a subway train station."]
["a yellow train is at a train station", "Yellow commuter train at station near industrial area.", "A yellow train parked next to a train station near a loading platform.", "A train engine with some carts pulling into a station.", "A commuter train that is stopped at the station for loading of passengers. "]
["A train moving down the rail road tracks .", "A vehicle on a rial between many buildings", "a train on a train track near a train station", "This is a picture of a train coming into the station.", "A silver train on the train tracks between buildings."]
["A street lamp post with a parking sign on it.", "Parking sign on Beacon Hill attached to a street lamp.", "A black street lamp with a parking sign next to trees", "A sign on a streetlamp reads \"Resident Permit Parking Only\".", "A street light with a parking sign posted under it."]
["a yellow and black train sitting on track ", "A passenger train runs along a train track away from a city center.", "A train on the tracks going away from the city.", "a sub way train resting on tracks outside the city", "a yellow faced train is coming down the tracks"]
["some black and white train cars and some train tracks ", "train cars sitting on the track not moving", "There is a train on train tracks next to an empty track.  ", "The boxcars of a train are on the track.", "A train carrying tanks traveling through a rural countryside."]
["A train is stopped in front of an industrial area.", "A train is parked at a train station.", "There is a train that is stopped at the stockport station", "Train waiting to board in the Stockport train station", "A picture of a train that is going on the tracks."]
["A large blue train on a steel track.", "A train engine riding with an extra cart down a track.", "Small commuter train with passengers aboard on tracks.", "A train that is parked not too far from the station.", "A public transit train near a train station."]
["A train pulling into a train station pulling a line of train cars behind it.", "A train engine with several boxcars waiting at a train station.", "An older yellow train pulling into a station.", "A train stopped on a train track next to a train platform.", "a train sitting on the track while a man looks at it"]
["A train station with three trains and men waiting to board.", "A man standing on the sidewalk waiting to board a commuter train ", "a train on a train track near a train stop", "A train drives passed a station as another pulls up to the platform.", "A train station has an overhead pedestrian walk."]
["The railroad worker is standing near the end of the train.", "The purple and yellow train is coming down the tracks", "A man walks out of a colorful train onto a platform.", "A worker in a neon orange suit stands alongside railroad tracks as a commuter train passes by.", "A man standing near a yellow passenger train."]
[" a bright yellow restaurant sign with a green dragon on it ", "A Chinese restaurant on the corner of Oxford Street.", "A stop sign next to a street sign missing a letter.", "a buliding that has a big red stop sign next to it", "A street corner with a stop and street sign."]
["a stop sign altered so it says 'stop hammer time'", "Stop sign with a message on it sitting next to a tree. ", "a big red stop sign that is out side", "An altered stop sign highlighted in an altered photograph ", "A stop sign contains the phrase hammer time."]
["Commuter trains at station with passengers on platforms.", "a train that is on some train tracks", "Passengers on the platforms at a commuter train station ", "A train station with people walking around and a train stopped.", "A train stops at a station to pick up passengers"]
["Two trains in an urban station with people waiting.\n\n", "Two silver trains next to each other at a train station.", "There are people waiting for the train, at the train station", "The two trains are parked next to each other on the tracks. ", "Two trains are side by side in the city."]
["A stop sign sitting next to a street sign on the side of a road.", "A stop sign and traffic sign with cars in the background.", "street signs saying stop and what the speed limit is", "A school speed limit sign next to a stop sign.", "a street sign and a stop sign on a street corner"]
["A green and yellow train riding down the train tracks. ", "a long train riding down the tracks its yellow and green", "A yellow and green train sitting idle on the railroad track", "A yellow train traveling down train tracks in rural countryside.", "An old train with cargo trailers is rolling down the tracks."]
["Large commuter train parked on the track with no people around.", "A train pulling into an empty train station.", "a train on a train track at a station", "A modern commuter train at an outdoor station", "A colorful train is waiting on the tracks at the station."]
["A red, white an blue train next to a train station loading area.", "A train makes a stop at an empty station.", "A red, white, blue, and silver train at a station.", "A passenger train slowly leaving the train station.", "A passenger train with several passenger cars moving along."]
["A white and yellow train traveling through a rural country side.", "A freight train travels on tracks past power lines in a treed area,", "a parked train sits on two sides of a grassy area ", "THERE IS A TRAIN THAT IS COMING ON THE TRACKS ", "a yellow and white freight train sitting idle on the track"]
["A train traveling down railroad tracks next to a grassy hillside", "A train faces the camera on a sunny day.", "A long train traveling through a lush green countryside.", "A train pulling train cars down the tracks.", "A train moving along a track outside during the day."]
["A picture of a stop sign on a street.", "A stop sign in a suburban neighborhood. ", "A stop sign with a black glove stuck on the pole.", "A red stop sign with a glove tethered to it. ", "A glove is tied to a stop sign on a street corner. "]
["A train with red lights riding down train tracks. ", "A train traveling down train tracks along a small city.", "A train travels slowly toward the beautiful sunset.", "A train moving on the track and sunset.", "A train on tracks in a city with the sun low on the horizon "]
["A passenger train that is traveling down the tracks.", "Three parallel railroad tracks split into six separate tracks with a train on one of them.", "A train traveling down train tracks near a station.", "an electric commuter train stopped at the station", "a green and white train on train tracks"]
["A red stop sign sitting on the side of a road.", "A stop sign under a sign that says fasten yo seatbelts", "A stop sign that warns drivers to fasten their seat belts.", "Stop sign with additional sign below it saying to \"fasten yo seatbelts\"", "Stop sign and a Fasten Seatbelts sign at the side of a road."]
["A commuter train at a stop in a major city.", "A lime green train parked in front of a loading platform.", "turquoise and yellow train on a track ", "A train parked at an outdoor platform with buildings surrounding it.", "A city train stopped at a boarding station."]
["a green painted parking meter called a donation station", "A green parking meter that has a donation station sticker on it.", "A parking meter is recycled into a donation station.", "A donation station on the side of the street ", "A yellow parking meter set up to collect donations for the homeless."]
["A red parking meter next to some people", "A red meter that is set up to accept donations.", "People standing on a sidewalk next to a parking meter.", "Red parking meeting with sticker on it saying donation station.", "A red parking meter with the words \"donation station\" on it."]
["A long red and yellow train traveling down tracks.", "A yellow train is at a station along the tracks. ", "a train on tracks at the front of the train depot", "Yellow train on grey tracks on a cloudy day.", "A yellow and black train next to a train station."]
["The view from a platform of the surrounding trains and tracks.", "Multiple trains sit on the train tracks in the city.", "a number of trains on tracks near a building", "Three seperate trains stopped on three seperate tracks.", "A train station with three trains near a building"]
["There are several differently colored train cars shown.", "Train cars sitting still in different colors. ", "a bunch of box cars sit parked on some train tracks ", "A large long train on a steel track.", "Rows of train cars of various colors next to trees."]
["A parking meter on the side of a road.", "A parking sign on a sidewalk that has a red A spray painted on it.", "Spray painted letter on an electronic parking meter", "A land paid telephone with the outside marked in red .", "A sign on the sidewalk covered with red spray-paint."]
["A yellow, blue, and purple train passes on the tracks.", "A yellow, blue, purple, and white train at a train station on the tracks.", "A train traveling down tracks next to a forest.", "A purple, blue and white train with a yellow-painted front stands next to a platform.", "A train driving down the tracks out side with the sky above it."]
["A lone train is traveling down the train track", "A colorful train painted in blue, yellow and orange moves on tracks.", "A red passenger train is on the tracks.", "A bright orange train makes its way down the tracks.", "A short passenger train goes down the tracks."]
["A couple of train engines carrying carts down a set of tracks.", "Two trains travelling on tracks in the snow.", "A white train passing a red train parked at a railroad station.", "Two trains run side by side to each other in the city.", "Two trains who are at a train station."]
["a train moving along railway line very fast", "A purple and yellow train traveling down tracks.", "A blue metro train passes several buildings in the city.", "A train moving on the tracks in a train yard ", "A passenger train rides through the outskirts of a city."]
["A guy on an ATV has a black dog riding in the back.", "A man driving a small truck with a dog in the back.", "A man drives a rugged golf cart on the grass.", "A person that is riding a vehicle in the grass.", "A man with a dog rides a small truck in the field"]
["A white truck parked on the beach with its door open ", "A couple of people walking around a beach near a lifeguard truck.", "a lifeguard truck sitting on a quiet almost empty beach ", "A truck that reads \"LIFEGUARD\" is parked on the beach.", "A live guard truck parked on a beach."]
["a person sitting down taking a photo of a cat", "An orange cat standing on top of a hard wood floor.", "The cat is looking at the woman*s reflection in the mirror.", "A woman taking a picture of her cat. ", "A cat looks in the mirror while it's picture is being taken. "]
["A dog playing with a calf in the grass.", "A white dog playing with a brown calf in the grass.", "A view of a dog with his paw on the top of a calf's head. ", "A dog and cow playing together in a grassy area.", "Cat laying down on grass next to a goat."]
["A couple of cows standing on top of a dirt ground.", "Two cows surrounded by an enclosure, standing while looking straight forward. ", "Two cows stand in an enclosed, dirty area.", "Two cows in a fenced corral with a feeder.", "Two brown and white cows in an enclosure."]
["A large semi truck with a advertisement on the side of it.", "A city bus has a large mural of a girl on the side.", "A street scene with a truck with a photo.", "A bus is plastered with advertisements as it drives down the street.", "Street scene with large truck with advertising show four women in various expressions and \"Live Tour 2011\" and symbols possibly Japanese."]
["A cat sitting on top of a bed with a purple blanket.", "A cat lying on an unmade bed near a teddy bear.", "a cat laying on a bed in a room with a shelf", "The cat is sitting on an unmade bed.", "There is no image on this page to describe,"]
["A cat is on a bed with several stuffed animals.", "A cat laying on top of a bed next to a pile of stuffed animals.", "A gray kitten lies on a blanket surrounded by stuffed animals. ", "a kitten rests on a blanket in front of stuffed animals", "A kitten curled up with several stuffed animals."]
["A close up of a Zebra eating some grass. ", "A close up of a cute zebra eating some grass.", "There is a close up picture of a side view of a zebras face", "An up close picture of a zebra grazing on grass.", "A close up of the face of a zebra grazing the grass."]
["A large green truck parked on top of a desert field.", "A farm vehicle driving through an empty field.", "Agriculture machine driving into dusk, oroducing crops by bundles", "Farming equipment running over plants on a farm.", "Large farm equipment driving through an open field."]
["A cat sitting inside of a black bag near a tile wall.", "A white cat with green eyes inside of a black purse.", "A white kitten is sitting inside of a purse. ", "A white cat sits in a woman's empty  purse. ", "A white cat inside of a black bag by a hamper."]
["Dog in bag with mesh and items around", "A white cat has it's head in a large purse.", "A dog looking through someones purse by a desk.", "The dog is searching for treats in the bag.", "A white cat digging in a book bag."]
["A cat sitting on  an unmade bed next to a bag.", "A cat sitting on a bed in a messy bedroom.", "An orange cat sits on a bed next to various items. ", "A cat sitting on a bed next to books  and a purse.", "A cat sitting on a bed near the contents from a purse and the purse."]
["A black and white cow standing on a train car.", "a girl with a microphone talking about a cow", "A woman with a microphone looking at a cow in a livestock trailer.", "A woman speaks into her microphone while looking at the cow.", "A woman with a microphone standing in front of a cow."]
["A truck driving through a lush green field.", "A white pickup truck drives through a grassy field.", "There is a truck parked along the grass path. ", "The truck drives along a trail in the meadow. ", "A truck that is sitting in the grass."]
["a cow standing by a tree and looking at other cows ", "Several different color cows walking in water near trees. ", "Several cows are walking in the water near the woods.", "A herd of cows walking next to a calm stream. ", "Several cows stand in some shallow water near grass and bushes. "]
["A cow standing in shallow water next to a wooded forest.", "A black and white own standing next to a river in a forest.", "A black and white cow is standing in water.", "Cow with green tag in ear standing in stream.", "A cow appears to be walking on water in front of a wooded area"]
["an orange fire truck parked in a wharehouse", "An antique truck displayed in a work garage.", "A red fire engine is parked in the fire station.", "A red fire engine is inside of a building.", "The old model fire truck sat alone in the room."]
["A sleeping cat is curled up with its legs stretched out.", "A white cat balled up on the floor napping.", "A large white cat curled up in a ball", "The cat is laying comfortable on the floor. ", "A beige cat is curled up asleep on a desk."]
["A heard of cattle grazing in a field of grass.", "multiple cows grazing along at a farm location", "A herd of cows standing in a field grazing on some grass.", "A herd of cattle standing and grazing in a big field.", "there are many different colored cows on the farm"]
["A cat is sitting on top of a gray plate.", "A white cat is laying on a pan and posing for a picture. ", "A white cat sitting on a plate on a table.", "A white cat laying in a bowl on top of a table.", "THERE IS A WHITE CAT THAT IS SITTING IN THE PLAT EON THE TBLE "]
["A herd of cows standing on top of a field.", "a couple of cows are standing in a field", "A group of cows are standing in the grass together.", "A few cows standing in the grass near each other.", "A group of cows that are standing in the grass."]
["A large truck stops on an infrequently traveled wooded road.", "The dump truck is on a road full of trees. ", "There is a green truck driving through a wooden forest path.", "Truck driving through the woods on a path.", "a truck stopped on a road in front of some trees"]
["A cat sitting in a black office chair.", "an orange and white cat is sitting on a black chair", "A white and tan long haired tabby cat sitting on a computer chair", "a close up of a cat on a chair in a room", "A cat sitting on top of a black chair next to a desk."]
["A close-up of two cows standing in the dirt.", "two cows stand near each other and look at the camera", "Two cows standing on a dirt ground next to each other.", "Tow cows are standing next to each other.", "The two cows stand next to each other in the sandy ground."]
["A large truck on the side of a street.", "Man standing next to semi-truck with nothing on back", "a truck on a city street near many trees ", "A man standing outside of a large white truck.", "a man is standing near a large truck"]
["a large truck surrounded by cars with a house in the background", "A dump truck traveling down a rural street road.", "A truck and a car driving on a street. ", "a dump truck going down the road by some houses", "The dump truck passses through the mountain town in autumn."]
["a kitten on a couch with aluminum foil on the edges of the cushions ", "A small cat is standing on a couch with a blue throw on it.", "An orange kitten on the green couch by itself. ", "A small kitten is on the top of a couch", "A cat that is standing on a couch."]
["A gray cat laying next to a  brown pot filled with plants.", "a cat is laying next to a plant", "Cat sleeping on stone pavement in front of a foliage pot.", "A grey cat laying under a plant in a corner. ", "The cat is sleeping on the ground by the planter."]
["a cat lying on a sofa next to a stuffed animal", "A very cute cat laying with a stuffed animal.", "Cat laying on a bed with a stuffed animal", "a cat laying on a couch with a stuffed animal", "A sleepy cat snuggling with a stuffed animal."]
["a bus with some decorations all over the side of it ", "A colorful public bus on the streets of India", "A colorful vehicle with pictures on it on a street.", "A large truck with animals painted on it's front end.", "A bus parked on the street that is multi colored "]
["A mirror sitting on top of a wooden dresser.", "The reflection of a cat sleeping on the floor", "A circular mirror reflecting an image of a cat.", "A reflection of a cat sleeping in a round mirror.", "The sleeping cat is reflected in the mirror."]
["A truck parked on the side of the road covered in graffiti.", "A utility truck covered in graffiti on street next to a tree.", "A colorful panel truck has graffiti written on it.", "A delivery truck with graffiti on it sitting on a street.", "A delivery truck with graffiti spray painted on it's side."]
["A black and white cat is sitting looking out a window.", "A cat is sitting on a blanket in an open window.", "A black and white cat is sitting in a doggy door.", "a cat sitting in a small open window ", "There is a cat looking out the open window."]
["A woman sitting on top of a couch with two cats.", "A woman sits on a couch with two cats.", "A woman on a couch looking out a window with two cats sitting on the back of the couch.", "a person sitting on a couch with a cat", "A woman sitting at a couch with two cats looking out a window."]
["A cat taking a nap on top of a keyboard.", "a cat laying on an electronic keyboard in front of a window ", "A cat is laying on top of a keyboard.", "A cat sleeping on top of a piano by the window. ", "A cat lays across an electric piano set."]
["The cat is sitting by the open laptop on the desk. ", "A curious cat looking at a laptop with its head tilted.", "A very cute cat sitting by a laptop.", "A tan cat that is sitting by a laptop is watching it.", "A cat tilts it's head to get a better view of a laptop computer."]
["A woman tending to a brown cow with a rope wrapped around it's mouth.", "An adult cow and a baby cow have harnesses on their mouth near a woman. ", "A woman that is standing next to a cow.", "A woman petting a cow that is tied up", "A close up of a woman petting a cow that is tied up."]
["Cow lays in a straw bed during a convention. ", "two brown cows and some people in the background", "A bull tethered by the ring in his nose as part of an indoor animal display.", "A cow laying in hay at a trade show.", "A cow in a pen inside a store with people."]
["Two bulls laying in hay with various people standing around.", "A large group of people in a building.", "A crowd of people looking at animals standing in hay", "A couple of sheep standing next to each other in a  barn.", "Several sheep that have bee put in an enclosure."]
["A cow is eating grass in a pasture, the cow is red.", "A cow grazing in a large green pasture.", "A large brown cow standing on a green grass covered field.", "A large brown cow is grazing on grass in a pasture", "An overweight cow with a hole in it's side."]
["Cat sitting next to remote control on small counter.", "A cat sitting next to a wii remote and keys. ", "A gray colored cat is staring at the camera.", "A cat sitting on a table looking straight ahead", "A cat sitting on top of a desk next to a controller."]
["cows are laying down on a patch of grass", "Cows laying down and standing up eating on the hill.", "Cows are sitting in the large open field", "there are cows sitting on the floor of the hill", "s couple of cows are laying in a green field"]
["A filed full of cattle laying on lush green grass.", "several cows are laying down in a field", "A field with cows laying on grass, with fence and trees.", "Some large cows lying down in a field of grass.", "Several cows laying on grass inside a barbed wire fence."]
["a girl in a bikini and a brown and white dog and a few other people", "A woman with a swimsuit on sitting with a dog.", "A woman is sitting with a dog on her lap.", "A dog sitting next to a woman in her swimsuit.", "WOMAN SITTING WITH HER DOG, AND OTHER WOMEN ARE AROUND"]
["A herd of cows walking along a grass covered field.", "a group of cows stand on a steep hill", "A herd of cattle standing on the side of a steep hillside.", "a group of cows are standing on a hill together", "A group of cows that are standing in the grass."]
["Large group of cattle moving around a field together. ", "A bunch of scattered cows behind a fence.", "Many brown and black cows in a large pasture.", "some cattle running out into a open field", "Some cows are in a field surrounded by a fence."]
["Various animals graze in a pasture surrounded by woods.", "Animals grazing in a grassy meadow surrounded by trees.", "A herd of animals in a dimly lit field.", "Cows grazing in a pasture in a forest clearing.", "A green pasture is being grazed upon by an animal."]
["A man standing next to two black cows in a field", "A man standing next to a black herd of cattle.", "A farmer is standing with his cattle on the grass.", "The man smiles as he stands next to large black cows.", "A farmer with two black cows and machinery in the farm field."]
["A cat that is laying on top of a bed.", "A cat is sitting on a couch next to a remote control.", "A black and white cat with a mustache sitting next to remote controls.", "A cat is lounging in chair with two remotes.", "A cat sitting near two remotes on a sofa. "]
["A large bridge and some houses on the water.", "Buildings on a river under a metal bridge.", "boats floating next to houses out on the water under the bridge", "Many houses are built on the shore under a bridge.", "Some houses and boats are by the docks on a river under a bridge."]
["A boat floating along a river next to small walk way.", "Boats on a river next to a walk way under trees.", "A group of small boats sail down a stream.", "three boats moving up a stream of water.", "two small boats in a body of water "]
["A woman wearing a white sweater standing next to a man in a jacket.", "A woman holding something in her hands, with a man standing at her side.", "A woman and man holding a glass plaque award.", "A woman and man pose as she holds a clear container.", "The couple is showing off their official badges and attire."]
["A man wearing a tie and suspenders is standing with his hands in his pockets.", "A man standing with his hands in his pockets, with a tie and formal wear.", "A rather obese man wearing suspenders and a pink tie.", "An obese man wears an excessively long pink necktie as he stands beside a tree.", "An obese man poses for a picture while wearing misfitting clothing."]
["A boy with an earring and a hat wearing a tie.", "a young man wearing a white shirt and red tie and a hat", "a young wearing a white shirt red tie and a ha t", "a man in a tie and hat is in a group of people", "A man wearing a red tie with his left ear pierced.", "A young man is wearing a white shirt, red tie, and hat. "]
["Many boats are parked in a river in a city. ", "A large harbor with a bunch of boats docked.", "A group of boats floating on top of a body of water.", "Several boats at a marina near homes. ", "Three large ships are docked in the river near a city."]
["Two old men laughing at a dinner table in suits. ", "Businessman and woman laughing emphatically at something said.", "A man and woman are sitting at a table with wine glasses and cups on it.", "some people at tables with drinks cups and food", "Some people are laughing while at a dinner."]
["Several people are sitting down eating eating a lunch.", "Two men sitting at a table for a business luncheon. ", "A couple of business men sitting at a table with food.", "People dressed in business attire smile while sitting at a dinner table.", "Two men in business suits smiling and sitting next to each other in a room full of people at a conference luncheon."]
["A harbor with many boats and city in the background.", "many small boats at harbor in a body of water", "A harbor filled with lots of different white ships.", "Boats in the harbor of a city near a range of hills.", "A group of nice boats docked at a marina near a city."]
["A large gray elephant walking through a marsh.", "An elephant walking through a grassy part of the river", "A large brown elephant standing in the lake", "The large adult elephant walks through the grassy water.", "An elephant wades through water while a small bird stays close by."]
["Well dressed man and woman pose for picture.", "A man and woman posing together for a picture.", "A man and woman posing for a picture together", "A man and a woman posing in a living room for a picture.", "2 formally dressed people pose for a picture"]
["many people holding umbrellas walking across a street", "A bunch of people walking on the street with umbrellas.", "People crossing the street in a cross walk holding umbrellas in the city.", "Shoppers carrying umbrellas against the sun in an oriental city", "The people are walking the streets with their umbrellas up. "]
["Three elephants walking along a river near a jungle.", "Three elephants walk alongside and in a body of water.", "Three elephants standing at a stream in a forest.", "Several elephants near the water in front of a cliff and a jungle.", "Three elephants are walking near the border of a lake."]
["A woman holding a wet umbrella glances over to the right.", "a woman in a black and white coat and black umbrella and other people on a street", "People are walking up and down a street with umbrellas.", "A woman wearing black and white holds up an umbrella as she walks amid other people on a city sidewalk.", "a woman with an umbrella walking through a rainy city\n"]
["A bearded, bald man wears a multicolored tie.", "A man with a beard is wearing a suit and tie.", "The man is happy about his new striped tie.", "A man who has a rainbow colored tie on.", "A bald man with a beard wearing a suit."]
["A person that is posing for a picture.", "The large man is smiling at the camera.", "A large man with curly hair is professionally dressed and bearing an employee badge.", "A large man with a label around his neck is staring straight ahead as he smiles.", "A large man with curly hair and a goatee smiles."]
["Three boats filled with people floating down a river.", "A group of boats traveling down the river ", "Three boats are moving swiftly down the river.", "Three boats are going down some white water.", "Boats in a river with trees alongside in a rural setting."]
["A cat standing on top of an open laptop computer.", "A small kitten walking on a laptop keyboard.", "A  tiny kitten is on the keys, the computer keyboard that is.", "A cat standing on a laptop pawing at something.", "A small kitten is walking along the edge of a laptop."]
["A man with a suit and tie with a headset on. ", "View looking up at a man in  a headset.", "There is a man wearing a headset in a office", "A man wearing a head set dressed in a tie and dress shirt.", "A man wearing a shirt and tie is on headphones."]
["a couple of elephants that are in a river", "Some elephants roaming around on a river bank.", "a large group of eephants wait in a african river", "Three elephants wading in a water hole across from a wooded area.", "An elephant squatting in a river by other elephants."]
["The adult elephant is in the field next to the baby elephant.", "In front of a wooden hut, a larger elephant is standing behind a smaller elephant in the grass.", "An baby elephant is nudged by an older elephant in front of a stilt house. ", "A large elephant walks with a baby elephant in the grass.", "A mother elephant is pushing her little one along."]
["A man sitting on top of an elephant next to a tree.", "A person sitting on top of an elephant by a fence.", "A man riding an elephant standing at a fence line.", "Someone sitting on an elephant standing by a fence.  ", "An elephant stands by a wooden fence in the sunshine."]
["a mother elephant and a baby elephant are walking into a pond", "A tusked elephant and a baby elephant walking into a lake", "An elephant and its baby getting water from a pond.", "An elephant and baby elephant walk towards the water. ", "An elephant and her baby near a lake."]
["A small boat sailing on a large body of water.", "A small boat sailing along in the open ocean", "A ship by itself in the middle of the ocean", "The lone boat travels through a calm ocean.", "A boat in the middle of the ocean."]
["A large body of water filled with lots of boats near tall buildings.", "This is a view of a harbor in a large city. ", "A city harbor with several river boats in it.", "A harbor with ferry boats and a cityscape in the background.", "Boats floating in the water near the shoreline "]
["People are lounging on the beach under umbrellas.", "people lounge under umbrellas at the beach, us flag in the background", "A large group of people sitting on the beach under blue umbrellas.", "A group of people sitting next to each other under blue umbrellas.", "A bunch of people are sitting on the beach under blue umbrellas."]
["A body of water filled with boats under a cloudy sky.", "A large group of boats in the water next to a city.", "Many different boats moving in the open water.", "A cloudy view of boats in the water near a major city.", "A picture of some boats and cityscape on a cloudy day."]
["People riding an elephant through crops next to an odd shaped mountain.", "People are riding on an elephant in the middle of crops.", "A group of people and a horse are at the edge of the garden in front of the bluff on a sunny day.", "People on top of an elephant with a giant rock behind them.", "A huge rock formation at the top of a hill."]
["Group of people riding on the back of large elephant. ", "A group of people riding an elephant through a field of crops.", "A man and two girls riding atop an elephant", "An elephant draped in a striped cloth carrying two women and a male. ", "People ride on an elephant's back through a field."]
["Three people standing on the back of an elephant.", "An elephant being ridden by people who are standing and sitting on it.", "People standing and sitting on an elephant with handlers standing by.", "Three people are riding on top of a elephant, two woman have there arms out.", "A group of people enjoy themselves while riding an elephant."]
["A couple of men standing next to each other while wearing neck ties around their heads.", "two people with ties on their heads ", "Two men with neckties tied on head with bottles", "Two men holding bottles with ties on their heads", "Two men wearing neck ties around their heads. "]
["A man and a woman in formal clothes look at each other.", "A well-dressed man and woman stand inside a party room.", "a woman in a red dress with a drink and a man in a tie", "A man and woman standing next to each other are holding drinks.", "A man and a woman standing with drinks. "]
["A herd of elephants walks through a clearing. ", "A herd of adult elephants with a baby elephant waling through a forest.", "many elephants are walking on a trail and some trees", "a small herd of elephants traveling through the jungle", "Herd of elephants walking following each other along a path"]
["An elephant and a bunch of cattle at a watering hole. ", "An elephant next to a watering hole with some water buffalo.", "An elephant walking with a group of cattle nearby.", "An elephant is walking past a herd of water buffalo drinking from a lake.", "An elephant walking around the edge of a pond. "]
["A very tall building sitting on top of a sandy beach.", "a very nice building near a beach with many windows", "A beach in front of a condominium with several umbrellas on it.", "This hotel overlooks the beach and has lovely views", "A large building on a beach with umbrellas."]
["The man with black outfit and royal blue necktie poses for a photo at the event", "Man wearing all black with a blue tie poses in front of a group of people. ", "A man with a blue tie is standing and smiling.", "A man wearing a black shirt and a purple tie.", "A young man dressed in black with a blue tie."]
["A group of people sitting on top of a beach near the ocean.", "A family relaxing on the beach on a sunny day.", "A group of people on a beach with an umbrella.", "A group of people at the beach in the sand.", "People on a beach laying in the sun. "]
["A chair made out of old suitcases and containers.", "Various pieces of luggage positioned into the shape of a chair.", "a multicolored and old chair made out of different cases", "There are many different luggages arranged to look like a chair", "A multi-colored chair made out of different briefcases."]
["Three people ride an elephant near a wall.", "two tourists riding a elephant with a large mountain in the background", "A man on an elephant with kids in a basket. ", "A man and two kids riding an elephant in town.", "Several people sit on an elephant on a blanket."]
["Five white umbrellas stand in a patch of water", "five unopened umbrellas on a sand bar reflecting in water", "Several large umbrellas in a beach area towards the end of the day", "a body of water with some umbrellas coming out of it ", "Five white umbrellas sitting in the water on a cloudy day"]
["A pile of luggage sitting inside of a building next to a bench.", "many luggage bags stacked on top and near each other", "a pile of suitcases in an organized pile int the corner of the building ", "Luggage is piled up on a seat, and the floor inside a windowed area.", "Many bags of luggage have been stacked near a door."]
["A herd of elephants walking through a shallow river.", "There is a herd of elephants standing together in the water.", "Baby elephants are standing by adult elephants in water.", "A large group of elephants gathered in water.", "A large group of elephants in a lake."]
["A dog laying down on a pillow and a cat in the suitcase with a water and food bowl nearby.", "A very cute long haired dog laying on a pillow.", "a brown and black dog lays on a pillow while a white and brown cat lays in a suitcase.", "a dog laying on a pillow next to an open luggage bag", "A dog and a cat sitting in a shelter"]
["A cat laying on top of a cat bed.", "A cat sleeping on a sweater and pillow. ", "Grey and white cat sleeping on a pillow and a sweater", "A kittrn is taking a nap in the clothes basket.", "A cat laying down across blankets and pillows."]
["a couple of girls stand underneath an umbrella ", "two girls under an umbrella with health information on it ", "Two young ladies that are covered in a blanket beneath a umbrella. ", "young girls standing under an umbrella with writing on it", "ladies holding an umbrella covering themselves from rain"]
["A suitcase filled with yard and knitting supplies.", "A suitcase of yarn is open to a veriety of colors.", "a suitcase full of many diffent skeins of thread ", "A suitcase filled with balls of colorful yarn", "A suitcase filled with yarn of many colors."]
["Various luggage on couch and floor next to a bookshelf.", "This is a room filled with several pieces of luggage", "A pile of backpacks and suitcases on a bench.", "A pile of bags and luggage sitting near a bookshelf.", "A huge pile of luggage near a book rack. "]
["A man walking next to an elephant on a green field.", "Trainers walking their elephants by people watching and taking pictures.", "A trainer stands next to an elephant with others watching in a zoo.", "An elephant holds the tail of another elephant and walks near a man.", "A man that is standing next to an elephant."]
["Black and white photograph of elephants walking through a street.", "Walking elephants on city street in old historic photograph.", "a black and white photo of many elephants walking on a city street", "A parade of circus elephants walking down the street to get to the circus arena.", "A line of elephants walking down a city street."]
["A large body of water filled with lots of boats.", "some boats sitting in a line close to a dock ", "A bay with some boats docked in it ", "a group of small boats parked next to some rocks in the water", "A number of white boats in a small harbor "]
["Two elephants lock their trucks together in the brush area.", "Two elephants fighting in a brush covered area.", "Two elephants have their tusks locked together facing each other.", "a pair of big elephants fighting in the wild", "Two elephants charging each other in the brush"]
["Silhouette of a herd of elephants walking across the field", "A herd of elephants walking in a black and white photo.", "Group of adult and young elephants walking in a line", "very many elephants moving on the field near a forest", "Elephants walking in a line in the wild "]
["An elephant and its baby are walking in the tall grass", "A baby elephant following a larger elephant through the grass. ", "a baby elephant walking behind a much bigger elephant ", "A photo taken on the back side of a larger and smaller elephant.", "A baby elephant walks behind a larger one through grass."]
["A piece of brown luggage sitting on the side of a road.", "This luggage is sitting on a concrete sidewalk", "A brown suitcase sitting on a sidewalk in front of a building.", "a bag of luggage resting on the floor.", "There is a piece of luggage sitting on the ground with a brown paper bag sitting on top of it."]
["A man stands with a flag-decked statue depicting a child with piles of luggage.", "An older man standing next to a pile of luggage.", "A man is standing behind a statue of suitcases and a little girl.", "A gray-haired man in a suit poses next to a statue covered in colorful origami. ", "A man poses with a statue of a girl and luggage"]
["A picture of a blanket on the sidewalk covered with flower headbands, knitted caps, assortment of cloths and a lunatic sign. ", "a blanket with a bunch of clothing sitting on top of it ", "some stuff and a sign has been left together", "A sign saying \"lunatic\" is on a blanket with flowered headbands and other items.", "The blanket has an arrangement of flowers laying on it with various other items. "]
["A crowd of people in a waiting area", "Large crowd of stranded passengers occupying an open area in a terminal.", "A group of people sitting in chairs and on the ground outside a building.", "A crowd of people are standing or sitting in a city square.", "A large crowd is gathered closely with baggage."]
["A busy street is crowded with umbrellas on a rainy day.", "A crowded street of people with umbrellas on a rainy day.", "Many people commuting through city street near river with umbrellas.", "hundreds of people walking in the rain with umbrellas ", "A group of people standing next to a building holding umbrellas."]
["a large sidewalk is filled with people walking around ", "A group of people walking down a street past a street light.", "a very large group of people outside a building", "some people on a street with umbrellas and some buildings", "A large crowd of people who are holding umbrellas."]
["a bench with a bottle of water with a luggage bag near by", "A piece of luggage sitting next to a  small boat.", "A black and white photo of luggage sitting beside a hardware table. ", "A suitcase of some sort of stickers on it.", "The luggage is decorated with many stickers. "]
["A group of elephants walking on a dirt road.", "A herd of elephants walking down a dirt road surrounded by brush.", "A pack of elephants is walking towards the horizon on a dirt path.", "Several elephants walking down a dirt road together.", "three baby elephants walking down a dirt path next to an adult elephant."]
["A blue piece of luggage sitting on top of a wooden chair.", "A chair that has a blue suitcase on it.", "A suitcase sits on the top of a pair of chairs.", "A suitcase sitting in a chair near the wall.", "a blue suitcase is sitting on a wooden chair"]
["A group of monks standing on a street holding an umbrella.", "Two men in orange are standing by the walk way.", "Two monks stand on a busy street holding an umbrella.", "Two monks with umbrella standing on a pavement ", "Two monks stand under an umbrella on the sidewalk."]
["A baby laying inside of an open suitcase.", "A baby lays inside of a small, open suitcase.", "Small baby laying down inside a suitcase alone. ", "A baby laying inside of an open suitcase.", "A young baby who has been placed in a suticase"]
["The people carry their travel suitcase between them.", "two people walking and pulling a rolling suitcase", "Two people walking on a boardwalk with a suitcase on wheels.", "Two people are walking with one pulling a suitcase.", "A man is rolling his luggage behind him"]
["Two women stand under an umbrella at the beach. ", "Two young women stand on a sandy beach while holding a colorful umbrella.", "Two young women standing under a large umbrella on the beach.", "Two people that are holding an umbrella at the beach.", "Two girls are holding a beach umbrella on the sand."]
["A woman sitting next to a man next to luggage.", "A group of people siting out on a sidewalk", "a group of street musicians play their instruments ", "A man is staring at the viewer while a man plays a guitar and a woman sticks her thumb up sitting on a busy sidewalk.", "A group of people are playing guitars on the sidewalk."]
["A black and white photograph of luggage lined up on a sidewalk.", "many suitcases piled around a grassy building courtyard", "people walking in front of building next to a sidewalk lined with suitcases.", "People walking towards a building and towards a group of suitcases sitting on the side of the road.", "A black and white photo shows a lot of luggage on a side walk."]
["A group of people with umbrellas on the street.", "A group of people sit in bleachers wearing umbrellas.", "A bunch of people near a fence with some umbrellas.", "The group of people are outside with their umbrellas up. ", "A group of people sit on a bench while holding umbrellas."]
["A couple of women standing next to each other in front of a store.", "A black and white photo of two woman looking in a window holding an umbrella.", "There are women looking at storefront displays on the street.", "Women window shopping on a retail street in cold weather.", "black and white image of two women looking at a window display"]
["A pile of luggage sitting behind a parked car.", "Car parked in front of bin filled with luggage", "A car pulling a trailer full of luggage.", "A bunch of luggage stacked high in the street.", "A car hauls a open trailer filled with suitcases and luggage. "]
["A little dog is smiling yet panting with a frisbee at his side.", "A dog is laying in the grass by a frisbee.", "A cute dog laying in the grass near a blue disc.", "A cute brown and white dog lays on the grass near a blue Frisbee.", "Light and medium colored dog near flying disc taking a rest."]
["A brown and white dog sitting in a black leather chair.", "A dog laying on a black leather chair", "Dog, possibly beagle, on black office chair with separate leg rest.", "A dog is sitting on a black leather chair", "A basset hound rests on a leather chair."]
["A brown dog laying on top of a white chair.", "Dog lying on chair in busy backyard of residence.", "A dog sitting on a chair next to a soccer ball.", "A dog is shown sitting on a wire chair.", "a dog sitting on a chair next to a shed "]
["A dog sitting on a couch while staring out a window.", "a white and brown dog is sitting in a red chair", "A dog is sitting on a couch with it's head turned to look out of the window. ", "A dog lays on a red couch as he looks out a window.", "A dog sitting on a chair looking out a window."]
["A cute brown dog laying on a blanket.", "A large brown dog sleeping on a bed.", "A dog is laying on a bunk bed.", "A brown dog laying on a wooden chair.", "a dog lays on a bed staring into a camera "]
["Dog resting it's head on the arm of a couch.", "A black and white dog laying his head on a sofa", "A black and white dog lays his head against the arm of a couch.", "a vintage photo of a dog laying on a couch", "The puppy is waiting for someone to play with."]
["The black dog is asleep on the couch. ", "The exhausted dog is taking a nap on the couch.", "A dog is sleeping on a couch in a living room.", "a black dog sleeping on a colorful couch", "A dog sleeping on its side on a couch."]
["a person in a field throwing a frisbee", "A man standing on top of lush green grass.", "A man is outdoors throwing a Frisbee in a park. ", "A man in a park land tosses a Frisbee", "A man tosses a frisbee in a park."]
["A brown bear in a rocky zoo display ", "there is a brown bear standing at the edge of rocks", "Two bears are on display in a zoo.", "A bear in a zoo looks over the safety fence. ", "A bear inside of a zoo with concrete walls."]
["A woman holding a yellow frisbee while standing next to a man.", "Two people stand on a field, one holding a frisbee.", "A man is next to a woman holding a frisbee in the grass.", "a couple standing next to each other with the woman holding a frisbee", "Two people with a frisbee are standing on the grass."]
["A white polar bear standing on top of a puddle of water.", "A polar bear playing in the water at a wild life enclosure.", "Picture of an exterior place that looks wonderful.\n", "The bear is standing and looking down at something that is in its hands", "The polar bear is looking at his latest treat. "]
["a woman attempting to grab a frisbee with her head on the beach", "A pretty young woman standing underneath a flying frisbee.", "a woman catching a frisbee with her head.", "A girl outside doing tricks with a white frisbee", "A woman watching a frisbee fly just above her head."]
["A black dog sleeping on top of a bed.", "Unmade bed with khaki and white sheets on it. ", "A large dog curls up on the pillow on a bunk bed.", "A black dog on a bed with crumpled up bedding.", "A dog is laying on a messed up bed."]
["Two dogs are sitting a neatly made colorful bed. ", "two dogs on a bed in a bed room near a window", "Two dogs lay on a bed in a brightly colored bedroom. ", "Two dogs laying on a bed with a teddy bear. ", "Two dogs lounge on a bed in a colorful room."]
["A man laying in a bed with a dog and green blanket.", "a person laying in bed with a dog on him", "The dog lies in bed on its back with the man.", "A man laying in bed with his dog laying on top of him.", "A man lies in bed with his dog laying on him."]
["a number of people on a beach with a frisbee", "Two men are playing a game of Frisbee in the sand.", "Groups of people playing frisbee in the sand.", "Two men play Frisbee in the sand while others watch.", "Two men playing frisbee on a beach while others watch."]
["two men playing frisbee while on a camping trip", "Two men playing frisbee in a sandy area in front of pitched tents.", "Two men jumping for a Frisbee in the sand.", "people compete over Frisbee in the sand in competition ", "there are two men that are playing frisbee at the beach"]
["Cars drive on a busy street around a rear view mirror.", "Car driving in traffic with a dog in the side mirror ", "The reflection of a sitting dog in a mirror", "A black and white dog being reflected in a trucks side view mirror.", "A truck side mirror and cars in the distance."]
["there are two men holding a frisbee together", "Two men stand in front of the water while holding an orange object.", "Two people are standing on rocks, holding a frisbee.", "Two men are standing by water and rocks.", "A couple of men holding an orange frisbee together."]
["Two men are playing Frisbee together on a field.", "Two men are playing Frisbee on a grassy field.", "Two boys playing frisbee together in a field.", "Two adult males playing frisbee with each other in the park. ", "a couple of people are throwing a disk around"]
["A dog rests on a pillow on the ledge of a window.", "The animal is laying outside of the window.", "A dog laying on pillow with his head sticking out of a window.", "A dog sleeps in the window of a building covered in ivy.", "A dog resting his head on a pillow in a window."]
["A dog sitting on to of a window sill.", "A dog sitting in a window pane with a look of anticipation.", "a little dog looking out a window its sitting next too", "A small dog watching out of the window.", "A Yorkshire Terrier is looking out the window of a house."]
["A boy holding a red frisbee with bushes in the background.", "a close up of a young child holding a frisbee", "A little boy smiles as he holds a red Frisbee.", "The little boy wants to play Frisbee outside. ", "A child with a frisbee in an open field."]
["A couple of people standing in a field playing with a frisbee.", "Two young boys enjoying a game of frisbee on a playground.", "two boys kids running and playing in a sports field", "Two boys playing frisbee on a soccer field.", "Two kids are playing frisbee on a soccer field."]
["A couple of young men playing a game of frisbee.", "two men on a sandy beach playing with a frisbe\n", "people playing frisbee on the sand at the beach", "A group of guys playing frisbee on the beach.", "a group of people in the beach sand playing a game of volley ball"]
["A woman playing a frisbee game in front of several spectators.", "A woman holding a white frisbee while standing on a beach.", "A woman that is in the sand with a frisbee.", "People playing a game of Frisbee in the sand.", "The lady is holding a Frisbee in her hands. "]
["Two zebras in the dirt by a group of trees", "two zebras standing around in front of trees", "Two zebras standing next to each other outdoors. ", "Two zebras standing in a grassless area one is looking for food.", "Two zebras standing in the middle of a sandy area"]
["aerial view of dog on lap next to laptop computer", "Pet sitting on person's lap in front of a computer. ", "A dog is napping in front of a computer. ", "A dog laying in someone's lap near a computer.", "A dog lying on a couch next to a computer."]
["A man sitting at a table holding an orange plate.", "A man holds an orange frisbee in front of his face. ", "A man covers his face with a Frisbee at a bar", "A man sitting in a chair with a frisbee covering his face. ", "A man holding a plate covering his face "]
["A man flying through the air holding a yellow frisbee.", "A man that is jumping in the air with one leg over one of his arms and a frisbee in his hand.", "a man is doing a trick on a yellow skateboard", "The man is throwing a Frisbee under his leg. ", "The young man is playing Frisbee while people watch"]
["A man spinning a frisbee on his finger.", "A man prepares to throw a frisbee into the air. ", "a man in white holding a plate playing", "A man playing with a frisbee in his hand. ", "a man that has a freez be on the tip of finger"]
["A young man playing with frisbee on a sunny day", "A man casually throws a frisbee into the air.", "A man standing in front of a white frisbee.", "A man with his arm up in front of his chest and a frisbee in the air near him.", "A mustached man engaged in play with a white disc."]
["A zebra standing in an empty field on top of dry tall grass.", "A lone zebra in a dry grass field", "A lone zebra on a cloudy day standing in grass.", "The zebra in this shot separates the brown grass from the blue tone of the field and sky.", "A zebra standing in an big open field."]
["A dog is shown sitting on rocks by the beach.", "A dog sitting on a rocky shore in front of some cliffs.", "A border collie sitting on the rocks surrounding a lake on a beautiful sunny day.", "A dog sitting on a rock area at water's edge of a lake.", "A dog with perked ears sitting on a rocky beach next to a body of water."]
["A group of people standing on the side of a beach.", "Many people are standing on the beach at the water's edge.", "Many people and dogs standing on a beach on the waters edge.", "Many people are standing on the beach and one dog.", "People walking and standing on a beach in a cove"]
["a man jumps in the air as he catches a frisbe ", "a person doing tricks with a frisbee ", "a man is in the air with a yellow disk", "The man jumps to throw a Frisbee between his legs. ", "A man that is jumping in the air with a frisbee."]
["A zebra grazes in a very grassy area. ", "The zebra is standing all alone in the brush.", "A zebra that is standing in the grass.", "The zebra is walking around in the grass. ", "a zebra is standing outside in a field"]
["A man smiles while throwing a frisbee. ", "A man in red, white, and blue throws a Frisbee.", "The man appears intense as he performs frisbee tricks.", "A man making an expression with a yellow frisbee in view", "A photo of a man with a person shoe up to his chest and a frisbee in the air."]
["The person with the paddle is waiting for something to fall.", "A woman catching a Frisbee in the middle of the day.", "A person holding a white frisbee in her right hand.", "A person reaches to catch an incoming Frisbee.", "A person holding a Frisbee in their hand."]
["A man in action looking at an incoming frisbee", "A Frisbee gliding over a mans head outside", "Man against the sky with a frisbee over his head.", "A competitive Frisbee golf player watches his shot.", "A man in the middle of a Frisbee trick."]
["A young father holding his baby while the baby is holding a frisbee.", "A man is playing with a baby who has a toy.", "A laughing man is holding a baby with a plate.", "A man plays with a baby while laughing.", "A young baby holding a colorful frisbee indoors."]
["A man in tiny, red shorts lifts his leg as a yellow Frisbee hovers near him.", "Two shirtless men are playing with frisbees outside.", "A man holding a yellow frisbee above his thigh.", "a man wearing only shorts on a field with another man playing frisbee ", "A man who is doing a trick with a Frisbee."]
["The two zebra are walking in a single file line.", "Two zebras walk through a fenced-in area, looking for food.", "a couple of zebras standing in front of a fence.", "Two zebra bending to eat something off the ground.", "two zebra standing in pen and grazing side by side"]
["Zebra leaning on another zebra in the middle of a field. ", "A couple of zebra standing in a grass field.", "A couple of zebras are nuzzling in a grassy field.", "Two zebras standing very close to each other in a big wide open field.", "two black and white zebras and some green grass and trees"]
["A woman running through a city while carrying a Frisbee.", "A black and white picture of a woman catching a frisbee. ", "A person running while holding a white Frisbee.", "a black and white photo of a person with a frisbee", "A woman is jumping in the air with a frisbee"]
["A fenced area with an attached sign housing a zebra.", "A zebra standing on a field next to a metal fence.", "zebra behind a fence zoo sign reads danger do not cross barrier", "A zebra is grazing behind a chain link fence", "A zebra grazing in a field behind a fence with a danger warning sign. "]
["A zebra in a zoo pin looking down at the ground.", "A zebra is standing next to a log", "The zebra is standing by the fallen tree limb. ", "One zebra stands still while another one lays down in a pen. ", "A zebra standing behind a cut log in an enclosure."]
["there is a zebra that seems to be walking down a dirt road", "A small zebra is standing near a large log.", "A zebra leaned over walking on a rocky ground area.", "A very cute zebra walking near a building.", "Zebra walking along the rocky ground in it's pen.", "a young white and black male zebra walking on a dirt road"]
["A zebra has its head lowered to eat some loose grass on the ground.", "a single zebra eating some grass close to a building ", "A zebra is eating some grass while another zebra stands behind it.", "A zebra is feeding on grass by itself.", "a zebra bending over eating grass at the zoo"]
["A single zebra standing alone in the brush", "one zebra is standing in some brown grass ", "A single zebra in the wilds of Africa.", "A zebra is standing by itself on the savanna.", "A zebra is standing in a field of dry grass."]
["Two standing zebras both looking in opposite ways from each other.", "Two zebras not facing each other on bare ground. ", "A couple of zebra standing next to each other on a dirt field.", "Two zebras out in the wild on a sunny day ", "Two zebras standing outside on a terrain of rock and dirt."]
["a horse drawn carriage with people in the cariage", "A horse drawn carriage with people on the back.", "A trio of men ride in a horse-drawn cart uphill", "The driver holds the reigns as a horse hauls him and two passengers down the paved roadway.", "Three men ride in a horse drawn carriage on a road in the mountains."]
["A group of zebra's eating hay from a trough.", "Several zebra eating from a concrete feeder in a zoo.", "Four zebra are standing around a trough eating hay. ", "three zebras eating straw out of metal container.", "A grouping of zebras standing together while eating from a tub."]
["Two young girls riding on a horse together with an older girl walking next to the horse.", "Two little girls are riding a brown and white horse and there is an adult leading the horse. ", "Two young kids riding a horse with a horse handler.", "A LITTLE GIRSL ARE ON THE BACK OF A HORSE", "two girls riding a horse with a guide leading it"]
["The draft horse is waiting for the rider to arrive.", "A black horse standing on top of a grass covered field.", "a black and white horse some grass and trees", "A pony is standing in the grass of a field. ", "There is a horse standing on the grass."]
["a horse with a long mane looking at the camera ", "A brown and white horse with a long mane lowering his head to graze.", "A close up view of a horse is shown", "A camera from the ground of a horses head with shaggy main", "A horse is standing in a grassy field is looking into a camera. "]
["A brown horse standing on a  lush green field.", "A horse with a white spot near a fence", "a brown horse standing around while looking at the camera ", "A horse stands near a fence on a cloudy day.", "Brown horse in field with a white horse in the background."]
["A horse eating in a field with mountains in the background.", "A brown horse grazing on a lush green field.", "A photo of a horse on a field eating grass.", "A horse crops grass against a majestic mountain backdrop. ", "Horses grazing in a green meadow at the foot of a mountain"]
["Two horses in a field with mountains in the background. ", "A couple of brown horses standing next to each other.", "Two horses graze in a field up in the mountains.", "Two horses that are bent over and eating grass in the pasture together.", "A couple of brown and black horses eating grass."]
["A cow and a person on a horse in the dirt.", " group of men attacking an innocent bull on a dirt arena.", "A man riding on a horse while trying to hold onto another animal. ", "A group of men on horse in a rodeo ring.", "Several men riding horses and a bull in a rodeo pit."]
["A man is riding a horse in a dirt enclosure.", "A man in a hat riding a horse.", "a man riding a horse as some people watch", "A man in a sombrero rides a black horse in a dirt ring.", "A horse being ridden with a man in a large hat."]
["Several different avatars near a fence on a video game.", "A group of animated characters standing on the front lawn of a home.", "a couple of people standing in the grass in a video game.", "Two animated woman and a man standing in a yard.", "Computer animated people in a computer animated park."]
["a number of people watching horses on a track ", "a crowd of people sit in a darkened room, watching horses walking along a race track", "A horse race with multiple horses running around the track.", "The audience is watching horses walking on the track. ", "A photo of a horse race from inside the stands"]
["closeup of a white horse with someone riding it", "Beautifully postured white horse carrying man in blue and red uniform", "A horse with a well dressed rider ready for a parade.", "Men mounted on top of white horses wearing uniforms. ", "The horse is carrying a person dressed in uniform attire."]
["A brown horse with the word Autism written on the side of it.", "A horse with the word \"Autism\" written on it's back side.", "A horse with \"Autism\" written on its hind quarters", "The horse has the word \"autism\" written on it.", "a horse with the word autism painted on it"]
["Two horses in a field by a stone fence.", "Two horses are standing behind a stone wall.", "Two horses graze in a field next to a stone wall.", "Two horses are standing next to a fence of rocks.", "Two horses stand under a tree near a fence. "]
["A group of men standing around a room.", "some people ae waiting in a long room", "People are standing in a room looking at a television screen.", "a person sitting on a bench while the rest look somehwere else", "A man in red winter clothes sits on a bench with people behind him gather in front of a TV."]
["a close up of a young baseball player fielding a baseball", "A person in a baseball uniform about to catch a flying baseball.", "A young boy is leaning over to catch a baseball at a game.", "A boy trying to catch a baseball with his mitt.", "A black and white photograph of a baseball player about to catch a ball. "]
["A group of baseball players standing on top of a field.", "The team in white intends to do plenty of practice before the game.", "this is young men playing baseball in a field", "boys practicing throwing the base ball at the park. ", "Three baseball players throwing a ball in a baseball field."]
["A boy in the pitcher's mound getting ready to throw the ball.", "a baseball player in a red shirt is throwing a ball", "a young baseball player throwing a baseball from the mound", "A young boy pitching a baseball on a field.", "A boy in a base ball uniforming with a ball in his hand."]
["A hitter swings his bat to hit the ball.", "Young person standing on batting mound of baseball field waiting for the ball to be pitched.", "A young boy getting ready to hit a baseball with a bat", "A little boy swinging a bat on a baseball field.", "Future baseball star about to hit a home run."]
["A pile or oranges sitting in a wooden crate.", "We see close up of a large pile of oranges.", "A large wooden crate of oranges at a store.", "A large heaping bin full of ripe oranges.", "A very big bin filled with many oranges."]
["A pile of eggplant for sale at a market.", "A  sign stuck in a bin of eggplant for sale", "Eggplant is sold at a market stall for 480 a kilo.", "A bunch of fruit for sale at a market.", "A close up of a fruit stand with a sign propped up reading '#480 el kilo'."]
["A batter sings his bat at a baseball game.", "A man swings his bat as another man behinds him is squatting to catch the ball while people watch.", "A team of baseball players practicing at an empty baseball field.", "a play hitting a baseball in a stadium ", "FEW PEOPLE IN THE BLEACHERS WATCHING A BASEBALL GAME"]
["A pitcher standing on the pitcher's mound and throwing a baseball.", "A man throwing a baseball from a pitchers mound.", "A baseball player pitching a ball on top of a field.", "The professional player has thrown a baseball from the mound.", "A man on a field throwing a baseball."]
["a male snow skier in a black jacket snow and trees", "A man with skiing gear on a snow covered area", "A man on skis going down the ski slope.", "A man is posing on a snowy ramp with skis.", "A skier poses for a picture on top of a snowy hill."]
["A man standing on top of a snow covered ski slope.", "A man skiing on a snowy hill with skis.", "A man on skis stands in the snow", "A man standing on skis at the top of a hill under high tension wires. ", "A man on skis is waiting on near the slopes near the ski lift. "]
["A man riding skis on top of a snow covered slope.", "a guy on skis going between some pine trees", "A skier standing in the snow, in skis and snow gear.", "A skier in winger gear cross country skiing through a wooded area.", "A well-traveled snow path shows snow-heavy evergreens in the back, and to the foreground, a well-bundled and hooded person, who is standing and holding long poles, while also wearing skis. "]
["Skiers skiing under a ski lift on a snow covered slope.", "A ski lift with people watching at the midway point. ", "The sun is in the sky above a ski slope", "A ski lift with people next to it at night.", "Skiers readying to ski down a hill next to a ski lift."]
["There are people skiing outside on a hill.", "Skiers ski down a snowy slope in a snow storm", "Skiers coming down and walking up a slope.", "people standing around a snowy hill, all of them wearing skis", "A lot of people that are playing in the snow."]
["a person that is skiing across some snow", "a person riding skis on a snowy surface ", "A hiker holds two walking sticks in the snow.", "A man on a hill in the snow with skis.", "A man with skis is standing in a snowy clearing."]
["The cross country skier is working very hard.", "The skier wearing a racing number is ascending a snowy slope. ", "this is a woman riding her skis in the snow", "A person wearing skis standing in the snow.", "a person riding skis on a snowy surface "]
["A couple of men racing up the side of a snow covered slope.", "Two people on a trail in the woods cross country skiing.", "Two cross country skiers labor up a slope.", "Two men are competing in cross country skiing. ", "Two guys are skiing while racing on the snow covered ground. "]
["some people are standing around a table with bananas", "A group of people standing around a table with bananas.", "Several people are opening bananas while standing at a table.", "People in blind folds taking the peels off bananas.", "a number of people blind folded with bananas "]
["a plate of ripe bananas and red apples", "there are a few bananas and red apples in a black plate", "A bowl on a table with apples and bananas ", "a bruised banana sits next to a couple of apples ", "a bundle of bananas sit next to some apples "]
["A white plate topped with a lush green and red salad.", "A plate of salad, featuring beans, carrots, broccoli, mushrooms, lettuce, and cucumbers.", "A plate has beans, mushrooms, broccoli, and carrots on it.", "A dinner plate full of vegetable salad and beans.", "A big salad has beets, cucumber slices, mushrooms, beans, carrots, and other vegetables."]
["A man talking in front of a crowd of people. ", "an older man is speaking to a crowd in a room", "A man is standing in a room with something yellow.", "a elderly man standing up speaking with a piece of food in his hand ", "Older gentleman standing at the front of a room giving a lecture"]
["A woman wearing a pair of skis ", "a person prepares to ski down a slope ", "a person in a uniform and skis on the hill ", "Two racing skiers each have numbers on their chests. ", "A group of athletes ski along a trail."]
["A woman is skiing in a competition alone.", "a person starting to ski down a hill for a race ", "a woman in white and red skiing on the snow", "A man riding skis across a snow covered slope.", "A skier gets ready to start her downhill run"]
["A man on skis cross country skiing through a snowy trail.", "A man on some skis in the snow.", "A man on skies with a race number skiing cross country.", "A tired contestant in a cross country ski race", "A pro skier moves through the snow laboriously."]
["Some people are skiing in the snowy woods", "Some skiers on a trail in the woods.", "207 is in the lead in this cross country skiing race.", "Two people cross country skiing in a race.", "Two cross country skiing competitors ski on a tree-lined course. "]
["A group of people riding skis across a snow covered slope.", "A group of women in the snow on skis trying to win the race", "A group of cross country skiers racing through a course.", "A group of cross country skiers skating up a snowy hill.", "four Olympic snow skiers competing against each other"]
["A small  red bowl with ingredients in it", "A red bowl filled with food and leafy greens.", "A food entree is served in a bowl.", "A red bowl with broccoli and some other ingredient.", "A small bowl has food in it from the larger bowl."]
["A frying pan on the stove containing broccoli.", "A pan filled with broccoli and ground beef sits on the stove.", "Pan of stir fry with meat and broccoli.", "A frying pan contains a meal of ground beef and broccoli.", "a frying pan full of meat and vegetables "]
["A close up image of a green plant that looks like lettuce. ", "A close up picture of a green budding plant.", "A close shot of a unique looking tree. ", "Broccoli just beginning to bud open and blossom", "A green plant with a lot of leaves growing on it."]
["a plate with some vegetables on it ", "A plate of food is shown next to a drink on a plate.", "A bowl with rice and steamed broccoli next to a bottle of sauce.", "a close up of a plate of food near a bottle ", "A plate with a grain and vegetable salad on it."]
["A blue basket filled with green leafy vegetables. ", "Baskets are loaded with fresh vegetables and fruits.", "A produce basket with two heads of brocco-flower", "Two heads of Romanseco sit in a blue plastic bin.", "The two plants are in a mesh basket."]
["People preparing to ski down a snow covered slope.", "3 boys on snow skis competing in a skiing competition", "Skiers going downhill in a competition. of some sorts.", "Three skiers in bright outfits start down a slope.", "A group of people on skis are riding down a slope."]
["A ski instructor is getting two people set up in their skis.", "Two people in a ski lesson check their equipment.", "Two skiers look at their skis with their instructor.", "A person with one ski on and one ski off talking to a couple wearing skis.", "Two individuals learning to ski along with an instructor"]
["Line of people skiing down a snowy slope.", "a couple of people in skis are in the snow", "Several people standing in the snow on skis.", "A group of skiers out in the snow with their skis.", "A group of people riding skis on top of a slope."]
["A couple of men riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "there are two skier that are not that far apart", "Two individuals are standing on skis in the snow.", "Two people are skiing on snow covered ground.", "Two people on skis making designs in the snow."]
["Cherry tomatoes, cheese, beans and broccoli on a table ", "a table with some cheeses, vegetables and grains", "There are a lot of fresh foods on the counter.", "A TABLE WITH LEGUMES , CHEESE AND VEGETABLES ON THE TOP ", "Assorted vegetable along with cheese and nuts for food preperation."]
["A pan filled with broccoli and beef and oil.", "A pan shows some meat and green broccoli.", "a pan of prepared steak with broccoli on a white cloth", "Broccoli and meat searing in a silver pan.", "Meat and broccoli in sauce are in a bowl."]
["A desert with icing and a sliced apple beside it.", "A piece of cake with a fork and one and a half apples on the plate.", "An fresh apple and a half on a plate with a slice of apple bread dribbled with cream", "A dessert with cake and apples is on a plate with a fork.", "The cut apples give a hint about what the cake tastes like."]
["Two skiers race up a hill while people look on.", "A couple of people on skis in the snow.", "two Olympic snow skiers in competition of each other", "Skiers are competing in a race while the crowd watches", "Two skiers are racing each other in a race. "]
["A group of men riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "Two people sking down a ski slope while people watch on the side.", "Several people with numbers going downhill on skis.", "A group of cross country skiers skiing on a trail", "A couple of people racing each other on skis down a hill."]
["A young person on skis lies in the snow", "a snow skier in red pants is laying down and people", "A person laying on the snowy ground with some skis.", "A person laying on the ground in the snow.", "A person lying down with skis on in the snow with ski track impressions, and people around the fallen person."]
["A couple of people racing down the side of a ski slope.", "Two people cross country skiing racing across a trail.", "Competitive cross-country skies in near dead heat with spectators.", "Two men skiing on a hill with people watching.", "Two cross country skiers race as spectators watch."]
["a bowl of broccoli,black beans and greens next to a small bowl of red peepers", "A plate of black beans, greens and broccoli.", "A plate of vegetables on a dining table.", "a plate with some broccoli black beans  and another plate with raw fish", "A bowl of broccoli, olives and lettuce next to a plate of other food."]
["A man on a snowboard that is in the snow.", "a person riding a snow board on a snowy surface", "A man riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.", "A teenager enjoying snowboarding down a hill on a cold day.", "A man riding down a snowy hill on a snowboard. "]
["The person is riding their snowboard down the hill.", "A man in a black snow suit snowboarding down a ski slope.", "A person in a black ski suit is snowboarding.", "The snowboarder wearing goggles tries to stop his descent.", "A snow boarder is posing for a picture with his board sideways."]
["A lady skiing with other ladies on a snowy hill.", "Skiers holding ski poles traveling a snowy path.", "A woman riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "a woman on skies makes her way through the snow", "Skiers working their way up a hilly area"]
["A fry pan with a mixture of vegetables in it.", "Vegetables and chicken are cooking in a pan.", "Beans and green vegetables are in a pan. ", "A skillet on a wooden table holding chicken and vegetables.", "a pan filled with some stir fry meat and veggies "]
["A broccoli dish with meat and potatoes on a plate.", "Different colored vegetables sitting on a plate with croutons. ", "A plate filled with a salad covered in a spicy cheese topping.", "A plate full of vegetables with crumbs on top", "This is a broccoli salad with various topping on it. "]
["Two bowls filled with broccoli soup on top of a table.", "Cream of broccoli soup can be a filling lunch.", "Two bowls of creamy soup and broccoli on a wood table.", "There are two bowls of broccoli and cheese soup on the table.", "There are two bowls of Broccoli soup on the table."]
["A woman riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A woman is skating down the hill on her skis. \n", "A woman skiing on the snowy slopes. ", "A woman skiing down a hillside  leaving a trail of snow powder behind.", "A person on skis in the open snow."]
["Two vegetables are lying on a napkin on a table.", "some broccoli is laying on a white napkin", "A couple of pieces of broccoli on a surface.", "Two pieces of broccoli laying on a paper towel.", "Two large piece of broccoli laying on a piece of paper."]
["A bottle on wine next to a glass of wine.", "A glass table with a bottle and glass of wine next to a chair.", "A bottle and glass on red wine on a patio table", "A glass of champagne next to the champagne bottle.", "A glass of wine is shown wit a wine bottle right next to it on a table. "]
["A bowl that has food and a fork inside of it.", "A white bowl filled with meat and green broccoli.", "a bunch of food is in a white bowl", "A white bowl filled with a vegetable salad.", "A fork and bowl of broccoli, cauliflower and pork."]
["A blue sky and a line of hills loom in the distance before a pair of young skateboarders, one of whom is much further ahead of the other.", "Two men riding skateboards with mountains in the background.", "a couple of people on some skateboards ", "some people on the road riding on skateboards", "A young person is riding on a skateboard."]
["A group of men riding skateboards on top of a ground.", "four young people on rolled skates in blue backgound", "Some people ride on skateboards on a flat surface.", "A group of young boys riding their skateboards down the road.", "This is a group of teens skateboarding together."]
["A plate of steak, rice, and vegetables is shown.", "Plate of food with meat, rice, and mixed vegetables. ", "Meat over rice with vegetables and sesame seeds in a serving dish.", "A tray of food consisting of vegetables meat and rice.", "Chicken with rice and vegetables in a container."]
["A wooden counter with broccoli, onions and chicken on it", "a table with brocolli and meat sliced into small pieces", "Meat and vegetables are sitting on the cutting board", "a close up of food on a chopping board with broccoli", "Chicken, onion, and broccoli on a cutting board."]
["Fruits and vegetables are on the cutting board", "A cutting board, small knife and assorted vegetables.", "A cutting board is shown with peppers, broccoli, and onions.", "A variety of vegetables being chopped on a cutting board.", "a cutting board that has some different kinds of food on it"]
["A person image on a wall with a skateboard.", "A painting of a person on a white wall and a skateboard placed under the wall painting. ", "A painting is shown on the side of a wall.", "A skateboard leans against a wall with a graffiti image of a man dancing. ", "A skateboard propped against a wall with a graffiti painting of a man."]
["A see through container with a lemon and apple dropped in it.", "Couple of balloons being tossed in a clear bucket of water.", "a lemon and an apple in a bucket of water", "A tub of water with two pieces of fruit floating in it.", "The fruit is floating along in the water."]
["Ingredients for making sandwiches are displayed on a plate.", "Sandwiches on a plate with a side dish and a soda.", "A plate of sandwiches with a drink on the side.", "A plate on the table displays bread, cheese and tomatoes.", "A blue plate with slices of bread covers in various toppings"]
["A young man riding a skateboard across leaf covered ground.", "A little boy that is standing on a skateboard.", "A boy riding a skateboard down a sidewalk.", "A young boy is having fun riding his skateboard in the park. ", "A boy in black shirt and yellow pants riding skateboard"]
["A young child is holding a blue skateboard.", "a young boy standing while trying to hold a skateboard", "A young boy holding a skateboard in front of him.", "A boy is holding up a skateboard outside.", "Boy in black shirt holding a blue skateboard."]
["a table that has some food on plates", "a bunch of food ls laying out on a table", "Soup and sandwiches on a table with drinks.", "A sandwich is on a plate with a bowl of soup near a glass.", "A barbeque meal on a table with two drinks"]
["A sandwich with tater tots, ketchup, vegetables and a spoon.", "A white plate of food with tater tots and a sandwich.", "A plate of toast, hash browns, and vegetables depicted along side a glass containing a drink.", "A plate with a sandwich, tater tots, a vegetable mix and a spoon.", "A plate with hashbrowns and bread and cup and drink."]
["The skateboarder is attempting a trick on the ramp.", "A woman is holding her arms out as she stands on a skateboard.", "A woman is riding the halfpipe on her skateboard.", "A women who is riding on a skateboard.", "A girl is wearing padding while she is skateboarding. "]
["A woman riding a skateboard at a skateboard park. ", "a female skateboarder in a black shirt ", "A woman on a skateboard riding on the sidewalk ", "A woman is skateboarding at a skate park.", "A skateboarder travels on the edge of a bowl."]
["A man riding a skateboard on top of a cement bench.", "A young man doing tricks on a skateboard", "an image of a guy on a skateboard doing tricks", "A skateboard enthusiastic riding up an improvised ramp", "A skateboarder in a red jacket grinding on a piece of concrete."]
["The plate full of food is sitting on the table.", "A plate topped with different types of food on a table.", "The food on the plate appears to be meat and vegetables. ", "a meal plate with carrots, vegetables, and poultry", "Plate loaded with mostly vegetables, sitting on a rough table."]
[" A man riding a skateboard on to of a wooden bench.", "a man on a skate board does a trick on a bench ", "A black and white photo of a person doing a skateboard trick.", "a person jumping in the air on a skateboard", "The boy slides along the bench on his skateboard."]
["A young boy doing a trick on a skateboard", "A young boy becoming airborne while riding a skate board.", "A boy on a skateboard is doing tricks outside a garage.", "A boy performs a trick on a skateboard.", "A kid riding on a skate board outside"]
["A man riding upside down on a skateboard on the side of a ramp.", "A man doing a trick on a skateboard by a ramp.", "Guy does a handstand on edge of skateboard track", "A skateboarder wearing a helmet and knee pads doing tricks on his skateboard.", "A young man performing a skate board  trick at a skate park."]
["A group of skateboarders sitting outside on some concrete.", "A group of kids are sitting next to each other with skateboards.", "Several people sitting and standing some who have skateboards.", "Young people and their skateboards sitting in a concrete city park", "a group of kids that are sitting on a concrete block"]
["A man at a table with several dishes of food.", "The man is eating his meal in the restaurant. ", "A man eating a plate of salad at a table.", "a close up of a salad on a plate with a person", "A person that is eating some food on a table."]
["A basket full of fresh grown carrots next to other vegetables.", "There are a bunch of carrots in a crate", "Carrots and other vegetables are on display for sale at a market.", "The wicker basket is full of many carrots.", "Carrots are in a basket in the foreground with other vegetables behind them."]
["A man riding a skateboard down a ramp.", "A skateboarder on a skate ramp in a skate competition ", "there is a male skateboarder that is going down the ramp", "A man riding a skateboard down a ramp.", "A guy on a skate board on a steep ramp."]
["A man riding a skateboard down the side of a ramp.", "Skate boarder on half pipe about to fall off.", "A man that is on a skateboard on a ramp.", "A man riding a skateboard down a ramp.", "A person on a skateboard does a trick on the pipe."]
["Electronics, organizers and keys are laying in front of a bag.", "The contents of a backpack unpacked and laid out.", "Everything needed for a trip while go into the travel bag.", "All the contents of a bag laid out on the floor.", "A bunch of various items that are sitting on the carpet."]
["a guy gliding down the road on a skateboard", "a guy riding a skateboard down the road by himself ", "A man skateboarding in the street by a sunset.", "A man skating on a road next to some building", "A guy is riding his skateboard as the sun goes down."]
["A man who is performing a trick on a skateboard.", "A skateboarder leaps on his board above a sloped ramp. ", "A man that is in the air on a skateboard.", "A man riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp.", "A skateboarder is airborne above a ramp at an indoor skate park."]
["A person riding a skateboard up the side of a wall.", "A skateboarder is in mid air with the board up against a wall.", "A young person attempts to skateboard along the wall.", "a person riding a skateboard on a wall", "a male skateboarder is doing a skateboard trick"]
["a person cutting a pink cake with pink roses", "A person cutting a cake and some bottle on the table", "A person cutting a cake with alcohol in the back.", "A woman cutting a decorated cake on a table with liquor bottles.", "Person cutting the cake surrounded by liquor bottles"]
["Meat with chutney, green beans, broccoli, stuffing, carrots and potatoes on a dish.", "A white plate topped with different types of food.", "The plate of food has broccoli, turkey, green beans, and potatoes. ", "Over half the plate is covered in vegetables. ", "a plate with a bunch of food on it "]
["There is a knife cutting into a cake.", "A chocolate iced cake being cut into slices.", "A chocolate cake is thinly sliced as a knife lays on the surface of the cake.", "There is someone cutting a piece of chocolate cake", "The chocolate ganache has an almond placed at exact intervals so that an almond can top each slice of cake."]
["A man in black doing jumps on a skateboard", "A boy skateboards on a skateboard ramp. ", "A person on a skateboard up in the air.", "The skater ia attempting a tricky ramp trick.", "a male skateboarder in a black shirt doing a trick"]
["A young man riding a skateboard down a curvy sidewalk.", "A young boy skateboards down a deserted sidewalk.", "a young boy riding his skateboard down the sidewalk", "A boy riding a skateboard down a curvy sidewalk. ", "A boy is skateboarding on a leafy sidewalk. "]
["A group of young men holding skateboards while talking.", "A bunch of boys playing on a street during the day.", "Four teens play with tree branches in a city.", "Teenage boys with skateboards standing on a street corner and fencing each other with tree branches. ", "Young teenagers are playing with tree branches and skateboards. "]
["Skateboarder in white t-shirt stopping in the road to adjust eyeglasses.", "A person in a baseball cap on a road with a skateboard. ", "A boy falls off his skateboard in a parking lot.", "The person is standing next to the upside down skateboard.", "A person standing in the middle of the road with a skateboard."]
["a man playing with a skateboard at a skatepark", "The young person is jumping down steps on his skateboard. ", "A person jumps on a skateboard in a skate park.", "A person on a skateboard skating on a ramp.", " a person riding a skate board on a skate park"]
["A young man popping a wheelie on a skateboard.", "A young boy jumping on top of his skate board.", "Young boy with hooded jacket over helmet doing skate board tricks.", "a kid in plays with a skateboard in a parking lot ", "a person attemping a skateboard trick in the driveway"]
["a guy siting down in a chair eating", "A person biting into a sandwich while sitting in an off office.", "A young man is having a lunch break in the office. ", "A man sitting at an office desk eating a burrito. ", "a man sitting in a chair while eating a burrito."]
["A man riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp.", "a man that is jumping a skateboard ", "a person jumping a skate board in the air ", "A boy on a skateboard hovers over a half pipe.", "A skateboarder in the air after going up a ramp. "]
["The skateboarder in the helmet is balancing on the half pipe. ", "A man riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp.", "A man in the air on a skateboard doing a trick.", "there is a man riding a skateboard on a skate ramp", "A man on the skateboard is on the top of the halfpipe."]
["A smiling woman dressed in black holding a hot dog.", "A smiling woman enjoys a hot dog at an event.", "A woman showing her hot dog to the camera.", "A beautiful woman holding a sandwich in her hands.", "A smiling woman holding up a hot dog."]
["A man riding a snowboard on top of  snow covered ground.", "A man sitting on a snowboard on a snowy slope.", "A man with a snowboard on his feet sits alone in the snow.", "a man that is sitting down on the snow on his snow board. ", "a man that is standing on a snowboard"]
["Somebody is gotten in the peaceful of the picture. \n", "A COUPLE OF GUYS ARE PRACTICING THERE MOVES AT THE SKATE PARK", "A man doing a trick on his skateboard at the skate park", "A man skateboarding at night in a skate park with another man on a bike.", "a man that is on a skateboard doing a trick"]
["A man standing on his snowboard  by the woods,", "a snowboarder in a blue jacket standing in the snow", "A young man standing on top of a snow board in the snow.", "A young man with a winter coat and hat is standing on his snow board.", "A man on a snowboard posing for a picture. "]
["A skateboarder turning around on a half pipe.", "A man rides a skate ramp on his skateboard. ", "A skateboarder doing tricks on an indoor skate ramp.", "A man is performing a trick on his skateboard.", "Skateboarder doing skate stunts on a ramp inside a building."]
["A hand holding a hot dog in a bun covered in toppings.", "A hand holds a bun that has a too large hot dog in it.", "A person holding a chili covered hot dog.", "A bun is too short for the long hot dog.", "Hand holding a hotdog with another on a blue plate."]
["Two young boys sit with a man in the grass as they eat hot dogs.", "A group of young men sitting next to a creepy man.", "Two boys sitting next to an older man, all eating hotdogs.", "Kids eat hot dogs with their grandfather ", "A black and white photo of people eating hotdogs in the grass."]
["A man riding a snowboard down the side of a snow covered slope.", "a person sitting in the snow with a snow board", "A person on a snowboard sitting on the top of a mountain.", "A person on a snowboard in the snow.", "A person sitting in the snow with a snowboard attached to their feet and snow covered areas around them."]
["A white plate topped with sausages and veggies with gravy.", "There are several hot dogs on this plate along with two sides.", "The meal is prepared on the dish ready to be eaten. ", "A plate of food sits on a table with a drink.", "a plate with some hot dogs and tomatoes on it "]
["A lunch tray features hot dogs and fries with a drink. ", "a close up of a tray of food with hot dogs", "A green tray filled with two hot dogs and fries.", "A tray containing a drink, two hot dogs, and fries.  ", "A green tray of food with hotdogs, french fries and a drink."]
["A group of people riding snowboards down a snow covered slope", "A couple of people who are on snowboards.", "A group of people skiing on  a foggy day", "Three snowboarders make their way down a gentle slope.", "a couple of snowboarders are standing in the snow"]
["A young man in a hat holding a cup of coffee and a pastry.", "Man in funny hat eating a coffee with an assortment of breakfast items.", "A man is posing with a cup of coffee and a doughnut.", "A smiling man with a donut and a cup of coffee.", "a male in a black shirt a box of donuts and a drink"]
["Person holding up a have eaten hotdog with topping", "there is a hot dog that has been bitten ", "A hotdog is half eaten and has relish on it.", "a hotdog is on a white piece of bread", "A hot dog with a bite taken out "]
["A picture of a person that is holding some food.", "an image of a man with shades holding up a bag", "THERE IS A MAN HOLDING A WINNIE ON A STICK", "A man holding up a hot dog on a stick.", "A man with sunglasses holding up half of a corn dog."]
["A heavily glazed donut sitting on the counter", "a closeup of a donut covered with white frosting", "A delicious looking donut or cinnamon roll covered in icing", "A glazed donut sitting next to a knife. ", "A donut with cream all over the top of it. "]
["An assortment of donuts with various coatings and toppings.", "Many donuts are sitting on a wooden counter. ", "there are many different donuts sitting on top of a table", "A selection of doughnuts on a wooden counter.", "A variety of donuts are sitting on top of a wooden table."]
["A woman in black biting a hot dog near flowers.", "a woman is eating outside with a small picture of a truck in the corner of the photo.", "A woman is eating a sub sandwich near some flowers.", "Woman eating hero type sandwich from food truck.", "An asian woman holds a sub sandwich near her mouth."]
["A box filled with regular and hear shaped donuts.", "A pack of donuts with different flavors. ", "A box of a dozen donuts has different flavored donuts in it.", "A box of doughnuts includes heart shaped doughnuts.", "A box of donuts of various shapes and flavors."]
["a snowboarder in a red hat is bending over ", "A man wearing a red hat and a white coat fixing a ski board on a slope. ", "A man on a ski board is bent over.", "A snowboarder is removing his shoes from the board.", "A man attaching himself to a snow board on top of snow."]
["Two different flavored donuts sitting on top of a white plate.", "two different donuts on a plate set on a table", "The two large donuts have very different toppings.", "Two large donuts sitting on a white plate.", "A chocolate chip doughnut and a strawberry glazed doughnut."]
["A box of donuts, some that are jelly filled, coconut, frosted, and have sprinkles.", "A box full of different kinds of doughtnuts", "A box full of a variety of donuts", "A drawer filled with different flavored donuts covered in frosting.", "A box full of a mixed selection of doughnuts."]
["A person holding a custard filled donut on a piece of tissue paper.", "Someone is holding a doughnut with a bite taken out of it", "a hand holding a cream filled chocolate donut ", "a person holding onto a chocolate frosted custard filled donut ", "a man that is holding a doughnut in hand"]
["Assorted food items displayed on light blue plates.", "A couple of plates of food sitting on a table.", "Two plates holding a spoon and some food.", "A plate of tater tots with mustard next to a tuna sandwich and tomatoes.", "A couple of plates topped with food on a table."]
["A man holding a box of donuts for eating", "A man holds an open box with donuts in it.", "A man holding open a case of pastries", "A man in sunglasses with a box of doughnuts.", "A man presents a box of pastries to the camera."]
["a close up of a doughnut near a drink", "A donut seems to have lucky charms on top with coffee. ", "A cup of coffee and a doughnut that is sitting on a table.", "A donut with captain crunch cereal on it, and a cup of coffee.", "A donut with pieces of cereal on it, and a cup of coffee."]
["A man kite surfing while riding a wave in the ocean.", "A paradurfer dressed in black battling large white waves.", "a person riding a surf board on a body of water", "The surfer in black suit holds on to the rope as he rides the surfboard.", "A man riding a board while holding onto a kite in the ocean."]
["A man falling off of a surfboard on top of a wave.", "A person is wiping out riding a surfboard on the waves.", "Surfer riding a wave in the ocean making a splash.", "The surfer is surfing on the large waves.", "A man surfing on a large wave in the ocean. "]
["there is a close up picture of a sugar donut", "A close up of doughnuts covered in powdered sugar.", "A round sugary doughnut on a white tray.", "A white tray filled with donuts covered in powdered sugar.", "a doughy treat with some sugar sprinkled on it"]
["A plastic container filled with donuts next to coffee.", "Several doughnuts in a dish next to a cup of coffee.", "A plate of doughnuts and a cup of coffee", "Glazed donuts in a plastic container next to a foam cup of coffee.", "Plate of glazed doughnuts sitting next to a cup of coffee. "]
["a little boy with a donut with pink icing", "A small boy wearing a jacket holding a doughnut.", "A boy holding a doughnut in his hands. ", "A boy in camouflage jacket holding a donut with pink frosting.", "The young boy is eating his doughnut. "]
["a plate with a sandwich and chips on a table", "Close up of a sandwich, potato chips and a diet coke.", "The plat has a sandwich and chips on it.", "A bagel sandwich and some chips rest on a plate.", "A sandwich with sprouts on a bagel with chips."]
["A sandwich with meat in a wrapper on wooden counter.", "A hoagie sandwich with only ham on it.", "a baguette with meat sits on a table", "A sandwich on a table with a napkin wrapped around it.", "A sliced baguette served with meat and cheese"]
["a person showing another person how to surf", "A woman standing on top of a white surfboard.", "A man and woman around a surfboard in the sand.", "A man and a woman practice surfing while still on the beach.", "a man and a woman playing with a white surfboard in the sand "]
["A woman stands on a surfboard on the beach near another woman.", "A girl teaching another girl how to surf", "A girl is on a beach standing on a surfboard.", "a woman standing on a surf board on the beach", "Woman learning how to surf from instructor on beach."]
["A man and woman with surfboards on the sandy beach near an ocean.", "A man in the sand speaks with the women on the surf board.", "A man standing on a beach next to a woman on a surfboard.", "Woman standing on a surfboard with a man in front of her. ", "A woman on a surfboard with a wet suit on while a man stands in front of her surfboard. with his wet suit on. "]
["A woman riding waves in the ocean on a surf board", "A woman catches a wave on a surfboard.", "A woman with her mouth wide open with a wet suit on a surfboard. ", "A woman in a wet suit on her hands and knees on a surfboard, that is on the peak of a wave.", "A woman riding a surf board through the waves."]
["For people posing for a photo while holding their surfboards.", "Young people posing with surfboards on the beach.", "four surfers are holding their boards and posing for a picture", "A group of surfers on on the beach with boards in hand posing for a picture.", "A group of young men and woman holding surfboards."]
["A group of people walking on the beach carrying their surf boards.", "FOUR PEOPLE ARE WALKING ALONG THE BEACH HOLDING THERE SURF BOARDS", "Four surfboarders are carrying their boards on the beach.", "Four people carrying surf boards on the beach in wet suits. ", "A group of surfers walking down the beach in the sun."]
["A couple of young hot women standing on a wave covered beach.", "Two women standing in the ocean with surf boards . ", "Two surfers are getting out of the water after catching a wave", "Some women are holding some surfboards at the beach", "A couple of women with some surfboards in the water."]
["A group of men and women holding surfboards.", "A group of people holding their surf boards at the beach.", "some people wearing wetsuits and holding surfboards standing on the beach ", "Surfers are holding their boards in the sand after coming out of the ocean.", "Several you people standing on the beach holding surf boards."]
["Happy surfers holding up their boards on the beach", "Group of people standing on shore holding surfboards", "Three women and a man standing next to their surfboards in the sand. ", "four people standing on the sand of a beach next to upright surfboards", "A group of people standing in the sand with surfboards."]
["One adult and three kids standing at a table singing happy birthday. ", "A group of four people gathered around a birthday cake.", "A family gathers around a young boy standing in front of a birthday cake with lit candles.", "Three young boys examine a candle clad pie.", "Children and a lady are looking at a lit birthday cake."]
["Three men on beach with a white surfboard next to them.", "Three men stand in on a beach, with a white surf board laying still.", "Three men standing on the beach with a surfboard.", "an image of a man trying to fix his surfboard", "Three guys on the beach while one gets ready to ride a surf board."]
["People carrying surfboards walking across a beach next to the ocean.", "Two surfers on the beach in front of the ocean with a large glare of haze on one of them.", "A picture of a surfer heading toward the ocean with his board.", "Two men walking along beach at sunset, one with surfboard on head and the other carrying surfboard under arm. ", "People are standing on the beach while holding surfboards."]
["A sandwich sitting on top of a white plate.", "A close up of a half of a sandwich that is on a plate.", "Sandwich half on plate showing contents of sandwich", "A person with a half of a sandwich in front of them.", "a very big sandwich that is siting in front of a person"]
["Person surfing on surfboard with waves and trees", "A man on a surfboard riding the waves in a river.", "A man in a wetsuit is surfing down a river wake. ", "A surfer is surfing in a wave pool. ", "a man that is surfing in some waves "]
["A man on a surfboard is on top of a wave.", "A man surfs as three other surfers look on. ", "A man in black wetsuit in water next to ledge.", "Adult male surfer riding a small wave while others watch. ", "A surfer in a wet suit surfing at a wave generating water park."]
["A man surfing the waves on an artificial wave pool.", "A surfer is riding a wave in a wave simulator.", "A wetsuit clad man surfs on a swift flowing river.", "A group of people water surfing in a river-like setting.", "A man surfs on a river as others watch and wait their turns"]
["A man is surfing on a board at the beach", "a guy wearing a wet suit riding a surf board on some rapids", "A man in a wet suit riding a surfboard on a wave.", "A man in a body suit surfs up a river.", "A surfboard, a man and a wild river ride."]
["A group of people with surfboards walk on the beach.", "Several people walking on a beach carrying surfboards.", "a number of people on a beach holding surf boards", "A man in shirts carrying a surfboard to the water", "A view of a beach with two surf boarders and a couple walking."]
["Two people stand on the beach, surfboards in hand.", "A man and woman holding surfboards standing next to each other on the beach.", "A man and a young woman standing next to two surfboards.", "Two people have surfboards on the sandy beach.", "Two young people are posing for the camera with their surf boards. "]
["A young woman falls while surfing in the ocean.", "A woman on a surfboard rides a wave.", "A girl surfing on a surfboard in the ocean.", "Woman surfing over open water ocean waves and tides.", "A woman is at the beach riding a surfboard. "]
["A woman riding on top of a wave on a  surfboard.", "A woman, who is wearing a wetsuit, is paddling on her surfboard out in the water.", "THIS IS A PHOTO OF A WOMAN COMING INTO THE BEACH ON HER SURFBOARD", "a woman skating on very strong waves in the ocean", "A woman paddles through the waves on a surfboard."]
["a group of people walk on a beach with surf boards", "The surfers are headed towards the exciting wave.", "Group of people entering wake near the ocean.", "People holding surfboards are walking into the ocean.", "A surferboard group stand sont he beach in the water"]
["A female surfer is exiting the water. ", "A young person at the beach is holding a surfboard.", "A woman wearing a surfboard, carrying a wetsuit.", "a young female surfer carrying her surfboard on the beach", "A woman holding a surfboard walking on a beach."]
["A woman walking in ocean next to a white surfboard.", "A woman carrying a surfboard into the ocean.", "A woman holds a white surfboard near the surf of a beach.", "a person riding a surf board on a body of water", "A woman holding a surfboard on a beach."]
["A baked sandwich, french fries, coleslaw, and silverware. ", "A cut in half sandwich sitting on top of a white plate.", "a grilled sandwhich with some fires and soup for lunch.", "A meal that includes coleslaw, a sandwich, and fries is sitting on a white table.", "A meal of a reuben sandwich with fries and coleslaw."]
["A man falling off a surfboard while riding a wave.", "A person falling of a surfboard into a wave.", "A surfer in a full wetsuit catching some waves. ", "A person on a surfboard surfs in the ocean.", "Surfer on a surf board in the ocean"]
["The happy couple are cutting the cake together", "The happy couple cutting their wedding cake together", "A man that is sitting next to a woman.", "the man and woman are cutting a cake together", "a man and woman are cutting their wedding cake"]
["A group of people stand in a circle and eat a food.", "A group of people all taking a bite out of the same sandwich.", "an image of a group of people eating a big sandwich", "Five people holding and biting into one big sandwich.", "A group of people eating rom a large sandwich."]
["A man holding a gigantic sandwich with both hands.", "A man standing in front of a window and some flowers in vases holding a sandwich.", "A man holding a very large sandwich stands in front of a window.", "a male in a black shirt is holding a large sandwich", "A MAN HOLDING UP A LARGE OVER SIZED SUB SANDWICH"]
["The man is taking a bite of a humongous sandwich.", "A white kid with dreadlocks eating a large sandwich. ", "A man eats a giant sandwich in front of a window.", "A man with dreadlocks holding a big hotdog", "A man holds an enormous sandwich in front of his face."]
["A man peers over a small plate behind a napkin lined with pieces of fruit.", "A man with beard leaning over a plate and a cake.", "A man posing behind a plate of food.", "A man poses for a Happy Anniversary photo.", "A man has his chin on a blue plate near some paper and utensils. "]
["A person on a surf board riding the waves", "A man fliped up side down while wind surfing.", "A man riding a surd board on top of a wave in the ocean.", "Wind surfer in the middle of a jump kicks up water on a wave. ", "A person on a surfboard doing tricks in the ocean"]
["A man riding a wind sail over choppy ocean water.", "Someone trying to wind sail on the ocean.", "A surfer in the ocean using a sail.", "The waters are very choppy today which is making it hard to ride. ", "A water craft hovers a few feet over the ocean water."]
["A person riding on top of a surfboard on water.", "A person on a surf board riding a wave.", "THERE IS A MAN THAT IS ON THE SURF BOARD ", "This young surfer is waiting to catch a bigger wave", "A man is riding a surfboard at the beach "]
["A person that is riding a wave while surfing.", "A man is surfing on his surf board with the wave", "A person being knocked off his surfboard by the surf.", "A surfer loses his board as her rides a wave.", "A surfer dressed in red and black riding white waves."]
["A bed sitting in a bedroom between two lamps.", "A large window allowing sunlight into a room directly onto a bed.", "a bedroom with a bed, armchair and a large window.", "A room with a king sized bed in it.", "A hotel bed has a rosy red glow coming in."]
["A couple of girls riding on top of surfboards on a wave.", "People are riding the waves on surfboards on their stomachs.", "Two women laying on surfboard in the ocean.\n", "Young people in the water playing on boogie boards.", "Two girls riding on bodyboards in the water."]
["A man in black wetsuit surfing on a wave on surfboard.", "A man who is on surfboard riding a wave.", "A surfer in a wetsuit riding a wave into shore. ", "A man riding a surfboard in the ocean.", "The surfer is attempting to ride the low nwave."]
["a person riding  a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A surfer on a surfboard catching a wave at the ocean.", "a man stands on a surfboard riding a small wave", "A surfer riding a wave toward the edge of the water.", "A female surfer stands on her board in the water."]
["A man floating on top of waves in the ocean holding a surfboard.", "A surfer is separated from his board as waves head toward him.", "It's impossible to remain upright once the wave gets to the shoreline.", "A man holds onto a surf board in the ocean.", "A man in the waves with a surfboard in front of him."]
["A couple of women standing on top of a beach next to a beach.", "Two woman and a child standing on a beach.", "Two women standing with a little girl in the sand.", "The two women are on the beach with a little girl.", "this is a child and two women on a beach"]
["a man sits at the table an leans over to blow out the two candles on a cake ", "A man blows out the candles on his cake.", "a man sitting at a table with soup and coffee looks at a chocolate cake with a lit candle", "There is a man that is looking at a chicate cake in the table with a candle in it", "a man is sitting in front of a small cake"]
["A woman takes a picture of herself in a mirror placed on her bed.", "There is a mirror placed on a head board", "A mirror sitting on top of a bed leaning on a head board.", "A woman taking a picture of her reflection in the mirror\n", "A woman takes a picture of herself in a mirror."]
["Adult surfer riding small breaking wave on open ocean.", "A man surfs across a wave in the ocean.", "A man surfing the waves on his surf board. ", "Man surf boarding on small waves on a clear day.", "A man riding waves at the ocean on his surf board"]
["A group of people walk with a surfer down a beach", "people walk along wet sand, one woman holding a surfboard, on a beach", "A few people walking on the beach with one girl carrying a surfboard.", "A group of people speak to a female surfer on the beach.", "some people on some sand and one is carrying a white board"]
["A kid sitting on the beach with a surfboard.", "a young boy resting in the sand on a surfboard", "Kid leaning on a surf board on a beach", "A little boy that is sitting in the sand with a surfboard.", "A boy is on the beach and is seated on a surfboard."]
["A person riding a wave on a skateboard.", "A man on a surfboard rides a wave at the beach.", "A man with a wet suit in the ocean with a surfboard. ", "A person on a surfboard riding a wave.", "This surfer is almost through with his run to shore."]
["a surfer wearing a wet suit is surfing on a sunny day", "Surfer enjoys the clear water and the sun ", "A man is surfing and is being knocked over by a wave.", "A surfer riding a wave in the ocean.", "A man riding a wave on a surfboard in the ocean."]
["Surfers on the beach changing their wet suits.", "Two men in wet suits with surfboards on the beach.", "Two guys are standing at the beach with wet-suits on.", "Two men in wetsuits are standing on the beach with white surfboards.", "Two people in full body suits and one without  standing besides surfboards on the beach "]
["A tray of cupcakes is set on top of a kitchen counter.", "Cup cakes sitting on a cooling rack on a counter.", "Cupcakes part iced part not with a walnut on top", "Cupcakes on a tray in a kitchen of some sort.", "The desert is prepared and ready to be eaten. "]
["A bride and groom cut their wedding cake.", "A bride and groom cutting a wedding cake together.", "A bride and groom cutting their wedding cake together.", "A bride and groom cutting their wedding cake.", "A bride and groom are cutting a wedding cake"]
["A person on a surfboard in the water.", "Surfer hanging on to his board as the water washes over him in shallow area", "a person crashes into the water off of a surf board ", "A person holding onto there surf board in the water .", "a person laying in the water beside a blue surfboard"]
["A man and woman dragging surf boards through the water", "Two people carry surfboards while walking through the ocean.", "Man and woman surfers in wet suits, dragging their boards, onshore.", "Two surfers walk through the surf in the ocean.", "two people with surf boards on a beach "]
["a person attempting to surf through a wave", "A person surfing on a surfboard in the ocean.", "A surfer is riding low with the wave.", "A surfer is in the middle of an ocean wave.", "A man who is riding a wave in the ocean."]
["The three girls have surfboards on the beach.", "3 female surfers with their boards at the beach", "Three people with surfboards on the sandy beach.", "A woman kneeling next to a white snowboard on the sand.", "Women are getting ready to surf on a stormy day."]
["A surfer is riding on a big wave.", "A person surfing a wave in the ocean . ", "a surfer in a wet suit surfing on a white board", "A man with a wet suit on riding a wave on a surfboard.", "Man standing on surfboard on top of a wave."]
["A car with open doors is towing boating equipment.", "A man hitching a trailer with water sports equipment to a sports utility vehicle.", "A truck and trailer being ready to go to the beach.", "Loading up the kayaks for a summer vacation", "A car attached to a trailer with a boat and a surfboard."]
["A lone young male adult surfing the waves.", "A woman on a surfboard in the water.", "A man riding waves on his surf board. ", "A woman is riding a wave on her surfboard.", "The man is a wet suit is catching a wave."]
["A woman walking into the ocean while in a bathing suit.", "a person is riding on a wave on a surfboard", "a man on surfboard surfing a wave ", "A guy on a surf board riding a wave.", "a woman in the water sort of watching a man surfing a wave "]
["A man in a black wetsuit riding on a surfboard.", "A surfer is on the ocean riding a wave.", "A man in a wetsuit surfing in the ocean.", "A man in the ocean on a surf board as waves near him.", "A man in a bodysuit rides a wave on his surfboard."]
["A man on a white surfboard riding on a wave.", "A person riding a big wave on a surfboard", "A surfer is in the middle of a large ocean wave.", "A surfer riding a large wave in the ocean.", "A person on a surfboard rides a wave."]
["A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "Surfer on the top of a large blue wave on his board. ", "A man riding a surfboard in front of a wave.", "a man on a surf board surfs a big wave", "A surfer rides a sizable wave on the ocean."]
["A bed sitting next to an open laptop computer.", "A messy bed with a laptop sitting on it", "Messy bed with a laptop computer sitting on a table beside it. ", "A bed that is sitting unmade and an open laptop on a desk", "This is an image of a room with a bed table and bookcase,"]
["Two young men posing for a picture holding their surf boards with the ocean in the background.", "Two men with no shirts on hold their surfboards.", "Two shirtless men holding their surfboards in front of them", "Two men are standing shirtless, holding surf boards.", "Two young surfers display their boards and bare chests."]
["Young person practicing first aid technique with others on grassy area.", "Some people gathered around a CPR mannequin to learn CPR.", "The woman is learning something on a mannequin. ", "Some people gathered together around a dummy on a board.", "A group of young people learning something outdoors."]
["A surfer rides the wave as it crashes down.", "a person riding a surf board on a wave", "A lady surfing on turbulent waves in the ocean", "A lady is on her surfing boarding riding the waves. ", "A single surfer on a yellow board riding a wave"]
["a bed room with many books on a bed", "Picture of an unmade bed piled with books. ", "A bed topped with a pile of books and blankets.", "A bed that is covered in many different types of books.", "A very messy bed covered with many books and a bear."]
["A young girl laying on her stomach reading a book.", "A young child reading on her bed next to a cat.", "Girl with braids reading next to a cat laying on a bed.", "a person laying on a bed reading a book", "A child reading a book, while a cat rests next to her."]
["A white wedding cake with blue and red butterflies all  over it.", "A holiday bell cake is unique and quite creative.", "A hand is decorating a multi tiered cake.", "A person placing bows on a white three-tiered holiday cake. ", "A wedding cake is on a table with a knife near it."]
["A surfer in a wetsuit kneels on her board at the end of a ride", "The person is on a surfboard in the ocean.", "A photo of a woman surfing on the ocean.", "A woman is trying to catch her next wave to surf", "A surfer is catching some waves in the ocean"]
["A man is somewhat hard to be seen in the wave, on his board. ", "A man riding on top of a wave on a surfboard.", "A man that is in the water with a surfboard.", "Man on surfboard riding frothy wave near beach.", "A person is sitting on their surfboard as a wave comes through."]
["A young boy wearing a wet suit laying on his surfboard paddling in the water. ", "A surf board rider being pushes by ocean waves.", "A young surfer is riding a tiny wave.", "A child boogie boarder enjoying a small wave.", "A child surfs a wave in the ocean."]
["A young man riding a board on top of a wave.", "A boy in a wet suit on a surfboard in the water. ", "a boy is laying on a board at the beach", "a guy laying down on a surf board in a wave", "A little boy that is laying down on a surfboard."]
["A woman in black wetsuit on a blue and white boogie board.", "Woman on a body board coming in with a wave.", "A person rides belly-down on a surfboard. ", "A surfer is almost lost in the foam as she lays on her surfboard.", "A woman with an surf board coming up out of the ocean. "]
["A young swimmer walks across surf boards being held.", "A group of people stand in a pool during a class.", "A young girl entering the water to go surfing", "Group of people in wet suits working in a pool together. ", "Kids taking turns in the pool walking on surf boards."]
["two people in the ocean with a surf board.", "Two surfers in the ocean getting ready for a wave.", "Two girls body board on shallow ocean waves", "Two people are seen standing in the waves of the ocean.", "Two people stand in waves with one holding a board."]
["A group of kids and instructor are in a pool playing.", "A group of people standing around each other in a pool.", "A group of kids are participating in a swim class.", "A group of people use plastic tubes in a swimming pool.", "A large group of children learning how to swim in a pool."]
["A group of people posing with half a dozen large cupcakes", "a group of people standing by some cupcakes", "A counter of cakes surrounded by a group of people.", "a group of people standing around a desk ", "Men, women, and children are celebrating a joyous event"]
["A group of people exercising on the beach.", "A group of people standing on top of a sand covered desert.", "Five people standing on a beach in wet suits. ", "Group of people in wet suits standing on the beach together. ", "a group of peopl standing arond on the beach wearing wetsuits "]
["Three people walking across a beach carrying their surfboards. ", "Three surfers with surf boards in tow walking out to the ocean. ", "Men walking toward the ocean holding their surf boards", "A few men carrying some surfboards on a beach.", "Three surfers carrying their surfboards toward the ocean."]
["A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "Many people surf waves in a body of water", "A man on a surfboard riding a wave.", "A surfer in a wet suit rides the crest of a wave.", "One man in the ocean is watching another man surf."]
["A bed in a redroom next to a door with windows.", "A bedroom with two windows, a dresser and a bed.", "The kitten is snuggling under the comforter in the sunlit bedroom", "A cat peeking out of the comforter on a large bed", "a bedroom with a big bed and a door"]
["a young woman kneeling down beside a queen size bed", "A lady leaning on a motel bed facing the camera. ", "A woman is kneeling on the side of a hotel room bed.", "A woman is kneeling next to a bed.", "A blonde woman wearing jeans kneels next to a bed."]
["A very clean bedroom with two beds, lights and a TV.", "There are two beds and lamps in the bedroom.  ", "A room with two beds, a dresser drawer and flat screen TV. ", "A hotel room with two beds, a television and two lamps.", "It is a double occupancy hotel room with two beds and a television."]
["Person in a black wetsuit surfing on the ocean.", "The person in a black wet suit is surfing.", "A surfer in a wetsuit riding over a wave", "A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "The waves are high as the man is surfboarding."]
["a person riding a surf board on a small wave", "A surfer falling backwards off his surfboard in the ocean.", "A surfer almost horizontal after encountering a wave.", "A young man surfing over an ocean wave. ", "A surfer wipes out as the waves break."]
["A man on the beach walking towards a volleyball court.", "A man with a white tank top walking towards a ball on a volleyball court.", "A man in red shorts and a white tank top walks near a blue and white ball.", "A barefoot man walking toward a beach volleyball court", "A picture of a person in the beach."]
["A father and son ride waves while using a body board in the ocean.", "A man is next to a boy on a surfboard catching a small wave.", "An older man teaching a child how to surf.", "A man and a young child in the ocean on a surf board.", "A man teaching a boy how to surf in the ocean."]
["a person standing on a surfboard riding a short little wave ", "A person on a surfboard on the water.", "A woman standing on her surfboard in the ocean.", "A person is riding a surfboard on a low wave. ", "A person riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean."]
["A group of people riding boards in the ocean.", "Couple of people floating out in the ocean on surfboards", "Three surfers in the ocean with small waves.", "A group of people on surfboards in the water.", "some surfers and a swimmer in the water"]
["A young boy riding a wave board in the water", "A young boy riding a blue surfboard on a wave.", "A young boy on a wake board in the water.", "A boy on a blue body board catching a wave. ", "a boy that is surfing in some water"]
["A bed with pirate bedding that is red white and blue", "a neatly made bed with pirate themed bedding and decor", "A bed with white and red striped blankets and pillow cases.", "a red and white bed  and some pirate pillows ", "A bedroom decorated with skull and crossbones on the bed and wall."]
["A bed in a bedroom with a piece of luggage against a wall.", "Luggage sits in the corner of a small bedroom. ", "A small bedroom with luggage against the door", "A bedroom with the door closed, white walls and a white comforter on the bed.", "A bed in a bedroom with luggage in the corner."]
["A bed is neatly made with green sheets and a nearby table. ", "A bed with green coverlet is behind a table with books.", "Bedroom with items placed on a shelf at end of bed", "A made up bed with books, a hat and sunglasses at the end on a bench.", "The bedroom is decorated in a simplistic style."]
["A dorm room with a single bed and a desk. ", "A room with a small bed and a desk with a lamp.", "A small bedroom with a single bed, a desk with a light on top of it and a window.", "A small room with a bed, a desk, and a lamp. ", "A simple dorm room with single bed and desk."]
["Flatbread Pizza topping are varied and are a healthy alternative.", "A square pizza on a wooden cutting board.", "A large square pizza sitting on top of a block of wood.", "A flat bread pizza with cheese and green peppers on it.", "A pizza is sitting on a wooden board."]
["a neatly made bed in a bedroom iwth a window", "A bed with white sheets and tan blanket ", "A bedroom with a bed that has white covers", "A made bed next to window in a brown toned room.", "There is one bed and a window in the room."]
["A store bought pizza baking in the oven.", "A hearty crust insures that the pizza will be filling.", "A pizza sitting on top of a pan in an oven.", "A pepperoni pizza with black olives and cheese ", "A pizza is sitting on paper on a tray. "]
["Two women singing at a dinner table with a large piece of pie in the middle. ", "Two women sitting at a table with a pizza in front of them.", "Two women split a pizza and a bottle of wine", "two women about to eat pizza and drink wine", "Two women sitting at a table with a plate of pizza."]
["A small chair and bed in a room.", "There is a bed, chair and table in the room. ", "A large bedroom with nice lighting and wood floors", "A bedroom area with hardwood floors, a bed and other furniture in the room.", "A bed with a red quilt, able chair, and a wooden dresser are part of a loft bedroom. "]
["a couple of people that are surfing in some water", "Surfers on surfboards are riding a wave together.", "Several people ride surfboards in the ocean waves.", "Surfers braves the waves on the choppy blue ocean.", "The people are surfing the ways on the water."]
["A man about to stand up on a surfboard in the ocean ", "Man on a surfboard riding a small wave", "A surfer coming in to the beach on a small wave", "A man rides a white surfboard while wearing a black wet suit.", "A man in a black wet suit is about to stand on his surf board."]
["A surfer in the ocean preparing to stand on a surfboard.", "A man riding a wave on a surfboard in the ocean.", "A man attempts to stand on a surfboard. ", "A man is riding in a tiny wave.", "The man is on a surfboard coming in to the shore."]
["A group of men riding boards on top of waves.", "A group of people that are on surfboards in the water.", "A couple of people in the water with surfboards.", "a surfer is riding a wave on a blue and white board", "3 surf boarders enjoying themselves in the ocean."]
["There is a thin crust pizza on the counter", "A big pizza laying on a dirty table.", "A thin crust pizza sitting on a wooden table.", "The rustic pizza is on the wooden table.", "A pizza on a table with a knife in the background."]
["A close up shot of a tasty looking deep dish pizza.", "Picture of round pizza sprinkled with green leaves ", "a plate holding a pizza on a dining room table", "a fully baked pizza sitting on a plate", "A plate of pizza with greens sprinkled over it."]
["A man with a blue surfboard rides a very small wave.", "A male surfer riding a very small wave to shore.", "A woman is body surfing the crest of a wave.", "A surfer takes a laying position while gliding across a small wave.", "A person that is surfing a wave in the ocean."]
["A woman in a wet suit riding her surf board.", "a guy and a girl getting ready to stand up on their surf boards", "Two people use surfboards on a wave in the ocean.", "young woman lying on a surf board in the ocean", "Two people preparing to surf in clear beach water."]
["a kid lays on a surf board while in the ocean ", "A person on a surfboard in the water.", "A man on some water with a surf board", "a person riding a surf board on a wave", "A man is surfing a small wave on a board."]
["A surfer looks back as another surfer catches a wave.", "A surfer glides through a wave as a female turns to watch.", "Two people laying down on surf boards in the ocean.", "Two people in the ocean riding on surfboards.", "Two people on surfboards with one riding a wave towards the other."]
["A person surfing a wave on a yellow surf board in the ocean.", "A surfer riding a wave on a surfboard.", "A surfer rides a wave on a sunny day.", "a person is catching a wave on a surf board", "Person on surf board laying on board going over a small wave."]
["Two surfers swimming out into the white waves", "Two surfers are in the shallow blue waves.", "Two people in the water with their surfboards.", "Two surfers in the water, one standing and one riding his surf board.", "Two surfers-are in the Ocean one stands and look's at his board"]
["A man with a surfboard is in a crowd by a tent.", "A crowd of young people attend a desert gathering. ", "The fair booth is full of enthusiastic surfers.", "The people are underneath the tent to shade themselves from the sun. ", "a group of people stand under neath a tent on a beach"]
["a person holding a surf board on a beach ", "A lone man in black pants carries an orange surfboard in sand.", "A surfer runs along the beach with his orange board.", "A man carrying a surfboard on top of a sandy beach.", "A man on the white sand has a surfboard."]
["A beach scene with several surfers chatting on the beach", "Wetsuit clad surfers wait for waves at the beach.", "Several girls in wet-suits on a beach with their surfboards.", "A group of surfers resting on the sandy beach", "Surfers with their surfboards gathered at the shore."]
["a crowd of people on a beach by the ocean", "A smiling man in a red short carries a surfboard.", "A young man carrying a blue and red surf board from the water.", "A man with a surfboard is running on the sand.", "A man with a bag of popcorn in front of a wet surfer. "]
["some people and one is carrying a white surf board", "a man is standing outside with a surfboard", "A group of people with surfboards and a camera", "A man with a wet suit on holding a surfboard. ", "Men at the beach with one holding a surfboard "]
["A person laying on a bed in a room.", "A man laying in the bed with the lights on. ", "a man in a white shirt laying in bed", "A male is sleeping in his bed with the covers on him and the bedroom door open.", "There is a person lying in a bed, with a brown headboard, with their eyes slightly open, in a white room.  "]
["A baby girl places her hand upon a baby boy's forehead. ", "Two babies on a bed one crawling and one laying down.", "Two babies are on a bed and one is patting the head of the other baby.", "A couple of babies sitting on top of a bed.", "Two toddlers are on a bed and one has red and white pajamas on."]
["Two pizzas are on two shelves in an oven with the light on", "a pizza being cooked in an oven with a clear door", "Two pizzas cooking in an oven on top of each other.", "Pizzas cook inside the oven with the oven light on. ", "Two pizzas sitting inside an oven with the light on. "]
["A large cat is laying belly up on the bed", "Two pets laid out sleeping on a bed.", "A fluffy black cat is laying on a bed.", "A furry black cat laying near a dog", "The two cats are sleeping on the bed."]
["A man playing tennis, with two tennis balls on the ground in front of him. ", "a tennis player with a ball and a racket ", "Man holding tennis racket on court just delivering hit", "a person that is playing some tennis on a court", "A man holds a tennis racket on a tennis court."]
["A computer desk holding 3 monitors and a laptop.", "A desk topped with computer monitors and laptops.", "A room with several televisions inside showing sports", "A table with laptops and multiple computer monitors.", "A desk containing several computers and computer monitors."]
["A den with a television, compact discs, dvds and a couch.", "A room filled with furniture and a TV.", "An empty room is dimly lighted by a lamp in the corner. ", "a poorly lit dining room with sheets covering the windows", "a dimly lit living room with green sheets over the windows"]
["A pair of computer monitors a keyboard and a laptop.", "A table topped with multiple computer monitors and a laptop.", "A desk with laptops, a keyboard, a light and a monitor.", "A desk filled with computers in a dark room.", "An older monitor, desktop, laptop, and keyboard are all present on the desk. "]
["A long sheet of pizza sitting on top of a table.", "A full view of some delicious food set on a table. ", "Oval shapes pizzas are served on wooden boards at a restaurant.", "Some awful looking pizzas and other food are seen here.", "A pizza with pickle slices on it across from a pepperoni pizza."]
["The computer desk in the bedroom is beside a television.", "A bedroom with tv, computer, and bookshelves in it.", "A TV sitting next to a computer sitting on top of a desk.", "A bedroom with a bed, desk and entertainment console.", "A small bedroom houses a tiny work space with a computer and other electronics."]
["A classroom filled with lots of wooden desk.", "An empty classroom filled with desks, tv, and a projection screen.", "Several empty desks sit in a empty classroom.", "A large screen sits at the front of an empty classroom.", "A bunch of desks that are in a classroom."]
["A WOMAN SITTING ON A BENCH EATING PIZZA WITH A LITTLE BOY ", "a grandma having lunch on a park bench", "A woman and child sit on a bench with pizza. ", "An older woman and a young boy sitting on a bench in a park. ", "A woman is holding a cup of coffee. "]
["A man swinging a tennis racket at a ball during a tennis game.", "A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "a tennis player swinging a racket at a ball", "A man playing tennis with a crowd watching.", "Guy in mid motion serving the tennis ball back to the other side."]
["A male tennis player preparing to return a shot", "a guy sings his racket to hit a tennis ball", "a male tennis player in a black and white shirt ", "A tennis player is performing on a clay tennis court.", "a person that is standing on a court with a racket", "A tennis player on a court holding his racket prepares to hit a ball."]
["a man sits in a recliner with his laptop", "A man sitting in a  chair with a laptop computer.", "A man with an Eeyore shirt on a laptop on his lap.", "A man sitting on a chair with his laptop.", "a tall person working on the computer sitting in a chair"]
["A man holding a tennis racquet up to the side of his face.", "A man with a tennis racquet on a court.", "A young adult male is holding a tennis racket near his face.", "A man with a serious look on his face holding a racket.", "the head shot of a tennis player holding his racket"]
["A man readies to swing his tennis racket. ", "A man holding a tennis racquet in front of a blue wall.", "a man is holding a tennis racket at a game", "Competitor waiting for ball during tennis match  with line judge nearby.", "A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court "]
["A man is in position to play on a tennis court.", "A man on a tennis court, holding a tennis racket.", "Tennis player anxiously waiting to receive the ball", "the man is holding a tennis racket and bent over", "A tennis player waits to react to the play during a tennis match."]
["These are the three types of pizza toppings available.", "an assortment of pizzas covered in meats and veggies", "Three photos of a variety of home made pizzas ", "Three separate pictures with different pizzas in them ", "There are many different types of pizza on the plates."]
["a person sits at a table eating pizza", "A group of kids are eating pizza and drinking soda.", "some people sitting at a table and a male is eating pizza", "people eating pizzas and drinking sodas sitting at a long table", "A young man is biting into a slice of pizza."]
["A photo collage of a girl hitting a tennis ball and looking over a hedge and a woman hitting a tennis ball.", "Separate images of a man and girl playing tennis in a backyard.", "Four separate shots of a young girl playing Tennis. ", "Small girl played tennis in the middle of a yard.", "Two people who are shown hitting a blue ball with a racket."]
["A woman standing on a tennis court holding a rocket.", "A woman stands on a tennis court holding a racket. ", "A woman in a tennis dress stands on her side of the court.", "a tennis player standing on a tennis court holding a tennis racket", "A woman standing on a tennis court holding a racquet."]
["A group of people sitting at a table with plates and soda.", "young people sitting at a table and eating pizza", "Two girls and a boy sitting at a table with a checkered table cloth.", "A group of people sitting at a table with food.", "People sitting on the table eating food and drinking.  "]
["Woman with big hair about to receive a hand stamp", "A woman standing next to two women sitting down.", "A group of women together standing and sitting.", "A woman is stamping another woman's hand and a third woman is eating.", "A group of people hold their hands together."]
["A group photo of a tennis team on the court.", "A group of people sitting next to each other holding tennis racquets.", "A team photo of the tennis team. ", "Group of young men in tennis uniforms posing for a picture. ", "a boys tennis team sitting and posing for a picture"]
["A pizza sitting on top of a wooden cutting board.", "The pizza is loaded with melted cheese and vegetables such as green peppers.", "A pizza with bell peppers, meat, and sauce.", "A vegetable pizza that has been sliced into pieces.", "a pizza and a pizza cutter and some green pepper toppings"]
["A person on a court with a tennis racket.", "Black and white photo of tennis player returning a shot", "A girl prepares to a hit a ball with her tennis racket on a tennis court. ", "A black and white photo of a tennis player returning a shot.", "A man hitting a tennis ball with a racquet."]
["A piece of pizza is placed on a plate between a fork and a knife.", "A tiny piece of pizza is in between a fork and a knife.", "A small slice of gourmet flat bread pizza. ", "A very small piece of pizza sits between a knife and fork.", "A small slice of pizza on a white plate between silverware."]
["a woman hitting a ball at the end of a tennis court ", "The lady is playing tennis with the ball.", "A female tennis player about to return the ball", "A woman hitting a tennis ball with a racket.", "a woman with a racket hits a tennis ball "]
["A woman wearing black and white holds a tennis racket.", "A young lady playing tennis on a tennis court.", "A beautiful blond woman standing on top of a tennis court.", "a close up of a tennis racket on a court ", "A woman holding a tennis racket on a tennis court."]
["a woman is hitting a tennis ball across the tennis court", "A young woman plays tennis on the tennis court.", "A woman is hitting a tennis ball over the net.", "A woman on a tennis court swinging her racket towards the ball.", "A tennis player has her racket raised and a ball is in the air."]
["A female tennis player in the distance prepares to serve. ", "A tennis player just after serving the ball.", "a man that is playing tennis on a court", "A person playing tennis on a tennis court.", "A female tennis player stands at the far end of the court. "]
["Tennis player on opposite end of court waiting for the ball.", "A woman tennis player in the far court hitting a tennis ball over the net.", "Woman on a tennis court swinging her racket at green tennis ball. ", "A tennis player hitting the ball over the net.", "Tennis player keeping her eye on the approaching ball."]
["there are two women playing on a tennis team together", "Women on a tennis court playing a doubles match.", "Female doubles tennis player stretches for her serve.", "The woman are playing tennis on the court. ", "A woman that has a racquet on a tennis court."]
["The young girl runs toward the net to meet the tennis ball.", "Woman standing up with a tennis racket preparing to hit a ball.", "A woman taking a swing at a tennis ball", "a person is playing tennis on a court", "A young tennis in the distance swinging her racket. "]
["A woman in a white shirt is playing tennis.", "A woman taking a swing at a tennis ball", "A girl is running and swinging a tennis racket.", "A girl on a tennis court wears black shorts and holds her tennis racket.", "A beautiful blond holding a tennis racquet on a  court."]
["a young female holding a tennis racket in a tennis court", "A female tennis player on a court with a tennis racket.", "A girl that is playing tennis and holding a racquet in her hands.", "A woman with a tennis racket sprints toward the court.", "A woman in a tennis court has her racket out and is stepping forward."]
["A woman is in a tennis swing stance. ", "A woman wearing a black shirt and white skirt is playing tennis.", "A woman is seen through the tennis court fence. ", "A woman with a racquet that is standing on a tennis court.", "A women who is holding a racket on a tennis court."]
["People in red and white shirts at a tennis court holding rackets.", "A group of people in a circle, while holding tennis rackets and standing on a hard surface tennis court.", "A group of men standing on a tennis court ", "A cluster of young men hold tennis rackets as they group together on a tennis court.", "A group of men put their hands together before a tennis game."]
["Meatball pizza on a pan next to a glass of beer.", "A very large meatball pizza sitting on a stove top.", "a meatball pizza pizza sitting on a stove", "A large home made pizza with sausage and cheese on a stove.", "A stove holding a large pizza covered in cheese and meatballs."]
["A half eaten plate of pizza is still ready to be finished. ", "The remains of a pizza at a cafe where you can draw on the table", "Half pizza on metal pan with man coloring nearby.", "A half eaten pizza on a pan in the middle of a dining table.", "A tablecloth has children's writing on it and a pizza."]
["A pizza with pasta on top of it. ", "A person grabbing a piece of pizza with pasta on it.", "this man is eating a slice of pizza", "the man takes a slice of pasta pizza", "A pizza with a variety of pasta on top"]
["A man with a tennis racquet walking in the street.", "Tennis players walking on a street with a crowd behind an event barricade.", "A man in a red shirt walking down a street holding a tennis racquet.", "Two tennis players with ball and racket in hand are walking past a crowd.", "A man holding a tennis racket and ball walking in the street."]
["A pizza on a plate with cups and utensils near it. ", "A pepperoni pizza with cheese and black olives.", "A pizza with pepperoni and black olives is displayed on a white platter.", "A large pepperoni and olive pizza on a table.", "a large pizza that is on a pan"]
["A giant slice of pizza sitting on top of a red tray.", "a piece of pizza is sitting on a piece of wax paper", "a plate with a big slice of pizza on it ", "A slice of pizza on a red tray, sitting on a counter top with a soda.", "A large piece of pizza on an orange tray near a beverage."]
["A plate topped with a slice of pizza, a chicken breast and vegetables.", "A good entree is displayed on a plate.", "A plate of seasoned chicken, pizza, green beans, and potatoes.", "A white plate and metal fork on a plate of food", "A plate of food that includes pizza, chicken, potatoes and green beans."]
["A living room filled with furniture and a fire place beneath a flat screen TV.", "The house is dark with no lights on.", "a living room with a couch and a tv", "an image of a living room scene with a fireplace and tv", "A living room with hard wood floors and a tv over a fireplace."]
["Two toothbrushes next to each other in front of sign determining which belongs to who", "A couple of toothbrushes with a sign stating who's belongs to who.", "Two electric toothbrushes have a sign saying mine and yours. ", "Two electric toothbrushes with a sign designating ownership of each.", "Two electric toothbrushes next to a dry erase board."]
["A man and woman lie on the couch as a cat sits between her lap.", "A woman is laying on a couch with a boy laying his head on her belly, and a cat between her legs.", "A young woman laying on a couch holding cats.", "lady wearing work out clothes and glasses with a cat in her lap", "a woman in orange pants a white cat and sleeping person"]
["A single toothbrush sits in a handmade toothbrush holder.", "A black and white photo of a toothbrush in a holder.", "A toothbrush sitting in a ceramic toothbrush holder", "A toothbrush holder sitting on a ledge in black and white", "A black and white toothbrush holder holding a toothbrush."]
["A man standing next to other people on top of a field.", "Some people are standing on the grass with beanies.", "The four people are posing for the picture. ", "a bunch of young adults stand in a field in front of trees and a mountain", "Four teenagers in a field posing for a picture."]
["Children are playing soccer in a field of grass.", "A group of boys playing a soccer in the park.", "A group of three young boys playing soccer outside.", "A group of children plays soccer on the grass.", "A group of young boys standing around a soccer field kicking around a soccer ball."]
["A couple of people with remotes in a room.", "two people are standing holding video game controlers", "two people are playing the Nintendo Wii together. ", "A man and a lady standing and holding remotes.", "there is a man and a woman playing a video game"]
["A fire place sitting in a living room with furniture.", "a room with a couch and a fire place in it ", "A room with a couch, two chairs, and a fireplace.", "A living room has a tile fireplace, a black sofa, and a brown table and chair set.", "a small living room with a fireplace, sofa and a window"]
["A toy dinosaur standing on a sink next to a running faucet.", "a faucet running next to a dinosuar holding a toothbrush", "A toy lizard with a toothbrush in it's mouth standing next to a running water faucet in a bathroom.", "A fake toy dinousure has a green tooth brush in its mouth", "a sink with running water a mirror and a Godzilla toothbrush holder"]
["A living room filled with furniture under a chandelier.", "A very nice looking living room with pretty furniture.", "A living room scene with a couch and chairs.", "A full view of a living room with some furniture. ", "a green chair a white couch a light and a picture"]
["a living room with a lot of chairs and a little bar in the corner ", "A large living area with a fireplace and couches", "A living room has a large fireplace with decorative tiles.", "A living room with a fireplace and sofas are featured.", "A view of a living room area decorated with tiles and wood flooring."]
["A kitchen table with chairs and a space heater.", "A dining room with wooden table and chairs, wall clock, window, and cabinet in the corner.", "A room that has a very low ceiling.", "A room with low ceilings and old furniture.", "The dining room is clean and empty from people."]
["A beautiful young blonde standing next to a man.", "A woman in a black shirt and jeans and a man in a grey shirt and jeans playing a videogame. ", "a woman in a black shirt and a man are playing a video game", "A couple holding controllers to play a video game.", "A man and woman are standing together playing Wii."]
["A flat screen TV sitting in a living room.", "A sparsely furnished living room in an old house", "A green plant brightens up a barely furnished living room.", "A living room has a couch, a tv, a coffee table, and bookshelves.", "A living room, with a couch, television, and coffee table in it."]
["A man and woman standing in a living room.", "a couple of people are playing video games", "A man and a woman standing in front of a TV playing a video game.", "a woman cheering as she plays a video game ", "this is two people playing a video game"]
["A man stands with his hands up, while using an interactive video controller.", "The man is holding the video game remotes on his head.", "a man standing up and holding a remote over his head", "a man holding a wii mote by his head", "A man holds his head while playing a video game."]
["Father and son playing Nintendo video game at home.", "A man playing a Wii game with his daughter.", "a father and daughter are playing a nintendo wii game", "A man and boy standing while holding Wii controllers.", "An older man and a younger boy play a video game."]
["A couple of friends playing video games together.", "A woman and a man playing with an interactive gaming unit.", "A couple of people in a room with remotes.", "The man and woman are playing a video game.", "Two people are standing in a living room playing a Wii."]
["A man is holding a device playing a video game.", "Several people in a living room playing a game.", "Two people playing with a Nintendo Wii in a white room.", "A woman and a man playing a game with remote controllers.", "Some people in a living room playing a video game."]
["A group of people converse in an office setting.", "A group of people playing a game with remote controllers.", "Four young people have crowded into a small office.", "A group of  people standing next to each other in a  room.", "a group of people standing next to each other with some of them holding video game controllers"]
["A CGI living room filled with black furniture.", "A living room with a black love seat between two tables.", "Several pieces of furniture in a room with three windows.", "A room with three windows and a loveseat.", "A model of an ideal living room is shown with windows at half mass."]
["Two guys and a girl sitting on a couch playing video game.", "A woman is leaning forward playing the Wii.", "Two men and a woman sitting on a couch playing video games.", "several people are sitting on a couch playing a game", "Three people on a couch playing video games."]
["A living room with wooden floors and a brown couch.", "Someones living room with a single couch, rug, small side table and wooden floors. ", "A door in a living room opens up to a bedroom. ", "A couch sits beside a door opening to a bedroom. ", "The living room has a beige couch in it "]
["A person kiteboarding in the ocean under a cloudy sky.", "A person out in the ocean water gliding.", "There is a person parasailing in a large body of water.", "A man kite surfing in choppy, but flat, water", "A black kit flies in the sky over a body of water and hills are in the background."]
["A water surfer is flying with a kite on the beach.", "a man is parasailing out at the beach", "A person out in the water at a beach.", "two surfers being guided through the water by air kites", "A person kiteboarding next to a sandy beach in the ocean."]
["A man wind surfs along an empty beach.", "A person wind surfing on a nice day at the beach.", "A para sailer approaching the beach on  a sunny day", "A person is kite surfing at the beach.", "A sunny beach with only one person skiing in the water and flying a kite."]
["A person kiteboarding over the ocean on top of waves.", "A large sail flying high in the air above the ocean.", "A kite boarding through the waves in the ocean.", "A person is water skiing in the middle of the ocean with a mountain in the back.", "A person is using a sail to pull themselves on a surfboard."]
["A group of people in a field flying a kite", "Several people on a beach flying kites on a cloudy day.", "three people flying a kite in a sandy area", "A string of kites is in the air as people watch.", "Four people are flying kites on a beach."]
["Two young children fly their kite in the blue sky.", "two children holding a kite flying in the air", "Two young children flying  a kite on the beach", "A couple of kids flying a kite on top of a beach.", "Two children flying a kite near the beach. "]
["A park full of people flying kites on a sunny day..", "A group of people relaxing on a green lawn", "many people on some grass and some are flying kites", "Many people are gathered in a field flying kites.", "A croup of people are flying kites in the air at the park.", "A crowd of people underneath kites flying in the sky."]
["People milling about a bunch of flags on display.", "Flags of all sizes and colors blowing in the wind.", "There are flags from many countries at this camp. ", "Could this be some sort of flag festival?", "Balloons and banners decorate the open fair grounds."]
["a number of people on a beach with a body of water ", "A child stands between two adults on the beach while flying a kite.", "Two adults and a child playing with a kite on the beach.", "Two adults and a child fly a kite at the beach.", "A man flying a kite at the beach while a child and another adult watch."]
["A man standing on a beach with a parachute in the background.", "a man is off something at the beach", "A man flying a big kite at the beach.", "A man standing on top of a beach flying a kite.", "A man holding a para sail chute on a beach."]
["A desk with computers and monitors and books.", "A laptop on a desk and a computer monitor next to it.", "a desk with a laptop and a monitor for a desktop on it", "An empty chair is set in front of two computers at a work desk.", "A work desk with a laptop, a desktop, and books."]
["A man sitting on a couch with a laptop.", "A man sitting on a couch with a laptop. ", "A man sitting on a couch on his laptop.", "Man sitting near window looking at laptop screen.", "A young man sitting on a couch using a laptop computer."]
["Clear vase with water and flower stems in window.", "Stems of a flower in a clear vase.", "Bubbles forming in the water in a flower filled vase", "a vase of water the has flowers in it ", "A close up of the stems of flowers in a clear vase with water"]
["A row of colorful tents sitting on top of a beach.", "several sport tents along a beach area near palm trees", "There are several tents pitched on a beach.", "Several different-colored tents sit on a sandy beach.", "a couple of tents are put up outside"]
["A man is walking towards his kite on the ground. ", "A man holds a kite on the beach with two strings.", "On a beach, a man is paying out the lines of his stunt kite.", "A man prepares to fly a kite at the beach.", "A guy is walking with a kite on the beach."]
["many kites flying high in the sky near buildings", "People fly many kites outside a residential area in a town", " people gathered in a park to fly kites", "there are many kites being flown in the sky", "A small city with lots of kites flying over the top of it."]
["A picture of a teddy bear with a map behind it.", "A large brown Teddy Bear stands sideways in front of a yellow road map.", "The teddy bear is looking at a map.", "A picture of a map and a teddy bear.", "a close up of a stuffed animal with a map in the background "]
["A kite with a long tail flying in the air", "A kite with two long tail streamers flying in a sky with a single cloud", "A kite in flight against a single cloud.", "A colorful kite flies very high into the air.", "a kite flying high in a partially cloudy sky"]
["A black post with a clock on it in a city.", "a large clock on a black post and a building", "a clock tower saying it is about six thirty", "A metal clock tower on a sidewalk in front of a very tall building.", "an image of a clock sitting in the middle of the street"]
["A young man holding a baseball in front of a pitcher.", "A batter is practicing his swing shirtless on a dirt lot.", "A baseball player taking a swing at a ball", "A shirtless man with a baseball bat being pitched to.", "an image of a man about to swing at a ball"]
["A minor league batter poised to swing at the ball.", "A baseball game with a batter at the plate and a catcher behind the plate, with people in the background behind a fence.", "A picture of two teams playing baseball together.", "A batter and a catcher during a baseball game.", "Baseball game with batter and pitcher with fence and grassy area"]
["A baseball player preparing to swing the bat.", "A baseball batter with the bat over his shoulder waiting for a ball.", "A batter getting ready to hit his pitch.", "A baseball player standing at the plate ready to swing the bat.", "A batter is getting ready to hit the ball."]
["a young baseball player holding a bat ", "A father is teaching his young son how to play ball. ", "A man is getting ready to pitch a ball to a child with a bat.", "A man and a boy play baseball in a yard. ", "a man and a boy playing baseball on a grass field"]
["A young boy stands in a room holding up a bat.", "A boy standing in a living room holding a plastic bat.", "a small kid with a nerf bat in his hand ", "a young boy is holding up a bat", "A young boy holds a softball bat over his head indoors."]
["A boy in blue shirt standing with a baseball bat.", "a young person standing holding a baseball bat", "A boy is standing at base getting ready to swing a bat.", "an image of small child holding a baseball bat", "A boy in a blue t-shirt holds a green baseball bat."]
["A boy holding a bat while standing next to a baseball base.", "A young baseball player about to take a swing", "A toddler takes on a fierce pose has he prepares to swing at a baseball.", "A child is preparing to swing a small bat.", "A child stands with a bat at a base."]
["a baseball player swinging a bat on the field ", "A baseball batter in the process of batting a ball.", "A batter is taking a swing at the ball.", "a baseball player who has just swung his bat at a ball and the catcher holds a closed mitt behind him", "a man is swinging a baseball bat on a field"]
["there is a baseball player practicing his swing", "a man holding a bat playing baseball in the field", "The batter has just swung at the ball in the beautifully green baseball field.", "A man in a baseball uniform holding a baseball bat.", "A baseball player at the mound swinging a baseball bat."]
["A kid is getting ready to hit a baseball.", "A boy up to bat while others look towards the outfield.", "A hitter waits in the batter's box waiting for the pitch.", "A person holding a bat in preparation to hit a baseball.", "A young man holding a baseball bat during a baseball game."]
["a little boy that is standing at home plate", "A young man batting in a baseball game.", "A batter waiting to hit the ball while turned away from the pitcher. ", "A boy at home plate getting ready to bat.", "A child holding a baseball bat over his shoulder."]
["A man swinging a baseball bat on top of a field.", "A batter swings and misses the ball while the umpire watches.", "A young man playing baseball swings at home plate.", "A baseball catcher catching a baseball while a batter swings a bat.", "A hard swing ends in a strike call by the umpire."]
["there is a male baseball player that is at the base ", "A man holding a baseball bat on a field.", "A group of baseball players playing a game of baseball.", "A baseball player stands read to swing at a pitch.", "A baseball player at bat, with umpire and catcher behind him"]
["A baseball player holding a bat next to home plate.", "Several athletes are watching a game take place.", "A game of baseball where the batter is on home base.", "A batter after swinging the bat at a baseball.", "The baseball players look on as a teammates is at bat. "]
["a baseball player holding a bat on a field", "A baseball player is going bat the ball and the emperor is behind him. ", "The batter looks down at the plate to make sure he is in the right position.", "A baseball catcher and a batter ready for the pitch.", "A baseball player steps to the plate while the catcher prepares for the throw."]
["A baseball player holding a bat standing near home plate.", "little league players at home base  while an umpire watches them", "A baseball player missing a pitch with the catcher in the foreground and another player in the background. ", "Person with a number twenty four jersey at the bat during a baseball game.", "A batter, catcher and runner during a baseball game."]
["A couple of men on a field playing baseball.", "The batter looks at the catcher during a baseball game", "A man at bat and a catcher on a baseball field", "Two baseball players who are sitting in the dirt.", "A batter at a baseball game looking back at the catcher."]
["a bunch of guys playing baseball on a field", "A baseball player running fast to the base. ", "A baseball game with a player trying to make it to the base.", "Players from two different teams playing baseball on a field with the scoreboard in the background.", "The first baseman is getting ready to catch the ball."]
["The baseball batter is poised with a black bat.", "a man that is playing some kind of baseball game", "A baseball player holding a bat next to home plate.", "A baseball player in uniform at bat during a day game.", "a baseball player with a bat stands in the batter box "]
["A baseball player running on a field during a game.", "A baseball player running the bases during a game.", "A baseball player runs the bases at a game.", "A baseball player running to a base in the field", "A man in a baseball uniform running toward a base."]
["A baseball player running to first base during a baseball game.", "A young man running to first base during a baseball game.", "a baseball player running on a field ", "A boy in white pants and a blue shirt playing baseball runs the bases.", "people are playing baseball one boy is running to another base"]
["A man swings a baseball bat while another man watches.", "A boy swinging a bat while playing baseball.", "a man in the field holding a bat playing", "A baseball player preparing to run after batting.", "A batter is taking a swing in a vintage photo."]
["Four pizzas sitting on a counter in a kitchen  ", "Four pizzas sit on a counter along with an asthma inhaler and bottles of wine and water.", "four pizzas on a counter near an oven.", "Pizzas sitting on top of a wooden shelf near a stove top oven.", "There are four pizzas on the counter next to the oven."]
["A wooden table topped with a pizza and a glass of beer.", "A dinner of homemade pizza and a beer.", "Pizza that just came out of the oven with a glass of beer setting next to it .", "A cutting board, a beer, and a pizza are sitting on a kitchen island.", "A  kitchen counter table with pizza drinks and cutting board with cheese and tomato,"]
["A plate of pizza that is on a table.", "A pizza is sitting on a restaurant table with candlelight and beer.", "Two cooked, whole pizzas are on the table, ready to be eaten. ", "Two settings of pastry dishes and a candle.", "a close up of two plates of pizza on a table"]
["A group of young women eating pizza together.", "A social gathering with lots of food at the table, including pizza", "A group of people enjoying a cake and pizza.", "Several people eating from a buffet of food.", "Young people eating pizza and other snacks at a party."]
["Half a pizza sitting inside of an iron pan.", "The pizza is half eaten on the table.", "A pizza in a pan on a table ", "A pizza in a pan is half eaten. ", "The spatula is underneath half of a pizza."]
["a pizza sitting on a plate next to some drinks", "A pizza with different toppings on it on a dish.", "A pizza resting on a plate near several glasses of wine,", "A pizza sitting on a plate with wine glasses.", "A closeup of a personal sized pizza on a plate"]
["A tennis player is hitting the tennis ball.", "A boy hits a tennis ball to another tennis player.", "Two people playing tennis on a tennis court.", "A guy on a court swinging a tennis racket.", "Two players playing tennis on a tennis court."]
["A young adult male in shorts and tennis shoes is playing tennis.", "A man hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racket.", "A man with no shirt holding a racquet on a tennis court.", "A man without a shirt playing tennis on a green surface.", "Shirtless man on a tennis court swinging his racket. "]
["A boy holding a tennis racquet standing on a court.", "a young boy throwing a ball in a tennis court", "A little boy playing tennis on a tennis court.", "A boy is swinging a tennis racket in a tennis court.", "A young man in gym clothes on a tennis court."]
["a young boy wearing a blue shirt holding a tennis racket", "A kid swinging a racket on the tennis court. ", "A boy holding a tennis racquet on a court.", "A kid on a court with a tennis racket.\n", "a boy swings his tennis racket on the court"]
["A boy playing tennis in a tennis court.", "a young boy with a blue shirt is playing tennis", "A young man holding a tennis recquet on a tennis court.", "A man in a blue shirt swings a tennis racket.", "A boy playing tennis on a tennis court swings his racket."]
["A young woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A small boy holding a tennis racket in mid swing", "A young man is playing tennis in a white tshirt", "A tennis player taking a swing at a ball", "an image of a tennis player hitting the ball with a racket"]
["A tower of a church above a clock and window.", "A large building that appears to be a church with a large clock at the top.", "A very big pretty white building with a clock.", "A clock that is on the side of a white building.", "A white clock tower is a nice day."]
["A black and white image of a laptop beside a coffee mug.", "a white laptop is sitting on top of a desk", "A laptop computer on a desk with a coffee mug next to it. ", "There is a tea pot and a cup next to the laptop.", "a rounded off desk with a laptop teakettle and cup"]
["Two coke bottle sitting behind a laptop and a man sitting on a couh.", "A laptop that is sitting on a table.", "A computer image designed to look like a see through computer.", "A laptop computer sitting on top of a table.", "A laptop displaying transparent views of whats on the table."]
["Laptop and extra computer screen on top of desk.", "A desk with a laptop, two monitors and a computer mouse on it. ", "A laptop and a computer monitor on a desk", "Several computers sitting on desk next to a mouse.", "A laptop next to a monitor with data on them."]
["An outdoor garden with a brick wall behind it and many plants in pots.", "a patio garden with plants on the ledges and in the sink", "A black and white photo of a green room.", "Personal garden balcony area with lots of hanging plants.", "A wall with vines and old tools strewn on it."]
["Black and white photograph of potted plants and gardening tools.", "Black and white image of garden implements against brick wall.", "An outside garden sink with several flower pots next to a faucet.", "the flower is climbing the wall and many tools are hanged on the wall", "A black and white photo of a garden near a brick wall."]
["Cut daffodils and bachelor's buttons lay on a white surface.", "A white surface with many yellow and indigo flowers.", "pretty yellow and blue flowers sitting on a white counter", "there are many different flowers that are laying on the table", "A bunch of different flowers that are laying on a table."]
["A stove on a wall in a small kitchen.", "View of oven next to the archway and empty shelves", "A kitchen has a stainless steel gas stove and hood next to an empty shelf with blue and yellow walls.", "A stainless steel oven and exhaust fan in a yellow kitchen.", "a stove in a kitchen with a shelf and a window"]
["One of the two monitors next to the laptops is on.", "a desk with a bunch of monitors sitting on top of it ", "There is a laptop and it is hooked up to two monitors.", "A couple of desktop monitors sitting on top of a table near a laptop.", "Three different computers standing on a brown desk."]
["A group of brown teddy bear sitting at a brown wooden bench.", "A group of teddy bears sitting at a table some food.", "The teddy bears are posed to sit at the toy picnic table. ", "a group of teddy bears sitting at picnic table.", "Stuff teddy bears is sitting at a table bench with each teddy bear have a plate of food."]
["a man sitting at a table using a laptop computer.", "A man looking up with a laptop sitting on his lap .", "A man looks up from the laptop computer he was using.", "A man sitting in front of a laptop.", "A man working on a laptop looking at the camera."]
["Two open laptops on a desk pointing in different directions. \n", "Two laptops on the table Some papers are also seen", "Two open laptops sitting on a very small desk.", "Two laptop computers are sitting on a small table.", "There are two laptop computers beside each other"]
["A woman and a man standing in a hallway.", "Two photos of a man pre and post teddy bear present", "Two people walk down the hall while a guy has drink beside a large teddy bear.", "A man and a women walking and a man looking at a teddy bear .", "A couple standing outside a door and a man sitting in a chair with a giant teddy bear. "]
["A person sitting on a couch using a laptop.", "People are relaxing on sofas in front of their laptops.", "A smiling man with a personalized computer on a couch", "A man is sitting on a couch using a laptop.", "A man in a lobby on a laptop computer."]
["A vase filled with reddish orange roses and shaving gel.", "The large flowers fade from orange to pink.", "A bouquet of roses sits in a container next to items.", "There are some flowers in a vase on a table", "A bouquet of roses in a juice jug on a bedside table."]
["A man and a young boy working on laptop computers.", "Two men are sitting at tables using laptop computers.", "two people sitting at a table with laptops ", "A couple of people sitting in front of laptop computer.", "there are two men sitting at tables using lap tops"]
["A table topped with plates and glasses with eating utensils..", "a fork is laying on a small white plate", "dirty dishes on a table, and a bottle of something.", "a table top with some dishes on top of it ", "A table full of dirty dishes is pictured in this image."]
["A young boy using a computer on a kitchen table.", "A boy in blue shorts using an Apple laptop.", "A young boy sitting at a table doing work on a laptop.", "A young boy is sitting at a table with a laptop.", "A boy sitting at a table playing on his laptop."]
["A woman looking at the screen of an apple laptop.", "Woman using an apple computer that is having a problem.", "A young woman making a face while working on a laptop.", "A woman using a laptop computer made by apple..", "Now that's a big enough screen to do work on."]
["An older gentleman sitting in front of a bowl of icecream", "An old man sitting at a table near some ice cream", "An old man sitting at a small black table with a giant sundae.", "An elderly man prepares to eat a very large sundae.", "Old man sitting in front of a sundae made up of 6 scoops of ice cream. "]
["A woman in black jacket holding a white cellphone.", "A woman with a cell phone on a city street.", "A blond woman is holding her cell phone.", "a close up of a person holding a ell phone", "A woman holding a cell phone in hand outside."]
["A line of ovens are on a wall in a kitchen.", "Four ovens in a kitchen area on a tiled floor.", "Industrial ovens are stacked on top of each other.", "Some big commercial ovens that are double stacked under a hood.", "A kitchen with four pizza ovens and an exhaust hood."]
["A reflection of a woman taking a selfie in front of a tablet.", "A picture of someone taking a picture of themselves", "A lady is in the mirror taking a picture of herself with her phone camera.", "A woman taking a picture of herself with a camera phone.", "The woman has a cell phone in her hand. "]
["An ornate clock stands amidst a structure of scaffolding.", "A large clock surrounded by lots of scaffolding.", "An old standing clock surrounded by scaffolding in a building.", "A clock in the midst of a lot of medal pipes.", "A large clock tower is surround by scaffolding."]
["A smart phone sitting on a table next to a bottle of corona beer.", "A bottle of corona beer next to a cell phone", "A bottle of beer and an old cell phone.", "A cell phone on a table next to a bottle of beer.", "A glass bottle of beer beside a cell phone."]
["a red brick wall with a large clock in it", "golden clock details on large clock tower clock surrounded by brick", "A clock face on the front of a brick church.", "A tower clock on the building in the city", "A large brick building with a massive clock on the face of it's wall."]
["A woman with a wedding ring on on the cell phone.", "A woman talking on her cell phone on a sunny day ", "A woman in the process of talking on her cell phone.", "A woman is talking on a phone outside.", "A woman on her cellphone is wearing a wedding ring."]
["A woman talks on a cellphone while standing outdoors.", "THIS WOMAN IS OUTSIDE SMILING WHILE ON HER PHONE", "A woman standing in front of a tree in front of a building talking on a cell phone.", "A woman smiling while holding a cell phone.", "A woman that is holding a cellphone near her face."]
["A person talking on a phone next to a statue.", "A man on a cell phone stands next to a statue of a cherub.", "A man talking on a cell phone next to a statue.", "A man on a cell phone near a stone statue.", "The man holding a cell phone smiles next to a statue."]
["A hand that is holding a cell phone with a picture on it.", "A person is holding a flip phone in their hand.", "Someone holding a cell phone in their hand.", "A person with a cell phone in their hands.", "An older flip phone is in someones hands. "]
["A man sits on a bench waiting for a bus.", "A man waits for the subway in a black and white world.", "A black and white photograph of people at benches, with the closest man in color", "The person using his phone is in color while the rest of the photo is black and white.", "some people sitting on a bench a street one male has a black backpack"]
["A cell phone rests in a human hand in front of a wall.", "A hand holding a silver and black cellphone against a white background.", "a person holding a cell phone with a white background", "A person holds a phone in their hands.", "a hand is holding a silver cellphone against a white background"]
["A measuring cup with melted butter is inside the microwave.", "a measuring cup sitting in a dirty microwave", "An open microwave hat has a measuring cup with liquid in it.", "Microwave that has a cup with melted butter in it.", "Microwave with door open and a pyrex measuring cup inside."]
["A cat sitting on top of a microwave oven.", "a cat sitting on top of a microwave in a kitchen", "A cat perches on top a microwave oven.", "A cat sitting on top of a microwave.", "A cat sitting on top of a microwave that is on a kitchen counter."]
["Gloves and a sponge are lying on a oven that is being cleaned.", "An old stove that needs to be cleaned with gloves on the side of it. ", "Two rubber gloves are on a stove being cleaned.", "a stove being washed with gloves and soap", "a stove that has some gloves on it"]
["A small refrigerator with lots of food packed inside. ", "A white refrigerator and freezer filled with food.", "A refrigerator with its doors open showing what's inside ", "A refrigerator with its door opened and shelves full of food.", "A red refrigerator freezer inside of a kitchen."]
["a clock tower with a white clock and some buildings", "A clock tower stands high above the city skyline, with a sunset.", "Clock tower in front of a sunset surrounded by buildings.", "A very tall clock tower towering over a city with small buildings.", "A tower holds a clock above a city street"]
["Fuzzy palm tree and clock town on wide town street.", "A large tree and a tower with a clock.", "Palm trees on the side of the road by a town. ", "A small town with a bushy palm tree and an ornate clock tower.", "a large tower that has a big clock at the top"]
["a stainless steel fridge with a small display sitting in the corner of the kitchen", "A stainless steel refrigerator in a kitchen corner. ", "A large metallic refrigerator in a kitchen next to brown cupboards.", "A silver refrigerator with digital display in a kitchen.", "Large metal refrigerator with a digital interface on the door."]
["This is a picture of a white refrigerator with several magnets on the doors. ", "A white refrigerator and freezer combination with various magnets on the front of the appliance.", "Refrigerator magnets can tell you a lot about someone", "Company advertising magnets on a white kitchen refrigerator", "A refrigerator that has many different magnets on it."]
["A wooden box wit clock hanging from ceiling of building.", "a four sided clock hanging in the air", "The wooden clock is hung from the ceiling of a building.", "a clock hanging from the ceiling of a building", "Wooden box with clock faces hanging from the ceiling."]
["A vase mounted on a wall filled with green plants.", "A spotted vase is hanging on a wall by the window.", "A wall mounted ceramic vase full of lavender", "A red and white vase attached to a creme wall by a window.", "A pink vase with some ferns in it is on a wall."]
["Beautiful yellow flowers with orange centers in a blue vase.", "a vase with some orange and yellow flowers", "The small vase is holding a bunch of flowers. ", "Here are some beautiful orange and yellow flowers", "Yellow daffodils are in a white vase on a white table."]
["A very tall clock tower with clocks on every side.", "several people gaze upwards at a clock tower", "People stand in front of a lit up clock tower. ", "A white, grey and brown clock tower in the night sky.", "A crowd is surrounding a large clock tower lit up at night."]
["A clock on display on a shelf in front of a mirror.", "A clock is amongst other objects gathered around.", "A shelf full of objects including a wooden clock.", "The unusual clock in the window attracts many window shoppers.", "A man taking a photo of decorative items made of wood including a clock"]
["A table of food containing a cut ham and bowls of vegetables.", "A table filled with multiple dishes of food.", "A feast of ham, vegetables, fruit and other dishes sit on a dining room table with a holiday table cloth on it.", "A christmas ham dinner on a large table.", "Large meal displayed family style on table, ham leg and several dishes of food visible."]
["A wooden table topped with slices of toast, soup and OJ>", "soup, sandwich, a glass of orange juice and a spoon", "A picture of toast, peanut butter and juice.", "Sandwich sitting next to orange juice and container of cream. ", "This meal has a sandwich, soup, and orange juice."]
["A tall clock tower sitting next to a restaurant.", "A crowd of people are outside by the waterfront.", "A lot of people are enjoying the gathering,", "Seaside clock tower near a crowd of people and canopies.", "People sitting at tables on a deck along the waterfront."]
["A tall tower with a clock in it.", "A big clock tower during the evening, around 10:30. ", "A clock tower in front of a building.", "A clock tower in front of a brick building.", "a green and yellow clock tower with a white clock"]
["The building has a tall tower with a clock.", "a tower that has a large clock at the top", "a large clock is on a tower on a building", "A view of a clock tower from across the way.", "A clock tower jutting up above several other buildings."]
["A clock tower gives the time in a city square.", "A man is walking near a very tall clocktower.", "A guy walks down a path near a clock tower. ", "A man walking with a large clock tower behind him.", "A man standing in the forefront of a large clock."]
["An upright clock near wooden tables and chairs.", "An old grandfather clock sitting in the corner of a room.", "A small grandfather clock, a sideboard and a dining room table.", "Grand father clock in the corner of a room near side table and dinning table and chairs.", "A dining room has a grandfather clock in the corner."]
["A huge and strange looking clock towers on the building. ", "A gorgeous clock tower at an unknown location.", "a large brick building with a clock on it", "A building made of brick with two clocks embeded into the wall. ", "A clock tower has ornate details with statues of angels and musicians."]
["A glass vase made to look like a plant.", "there is a green and blue vase pictured here", "A very artistically designed vase made to look like a plant.", "A small twisted blue and green pitcher with a large handle.", "A multicolored and designed vase with a handle and a curved form to the vase."]
["A white vase with red roses on it contains purple flowers.", "A vase with red flowers painted on it and pink and red flowers in the vase.", "A vase with a rose on it containing several flowers in it.", "A floral vase holds a large bouquet of pink flowers with greenery.", "A vase full of pink flowers sitting on a table."]
["A vase filled with green leafed flowers on a window sill.", "A very nice green vase with some pretty flowers.", "Flowers in a vase, sat upon a window ledge. ", "There is a vase on the window sill with flowers in it.", "A plant that is in the sunlight inside of the vase."]
["A glass vase with flowers on a table ", "a close up of a cup on a table with a flower", "Flowers inside a vase on top of a counter.", "The sun shining through the window emphasizes the flower stems in the vase.", "An item is capture here in the photo. \n"]
["A colorful vase sitting on to of a table.", "An ornately painted urn sitting on a a table in front of an elaborate colorful pole. ", "Oriental pieces of art on a table on display", "An oriental type urn decorates a table top with bright colors.", "Ornate lidded vase with handles and feet, front-lit against dark out-of-focus background."]
["A glass vase on white tiled window sill.", "This vase is filled with dark orange flowers and a stick.", "A glass vase with dried flowers in a corner.", "A glass vase containing dried flowers in front of a window.", "A clear vase filled with various dried flowers and filler."]
["A pair of scissors sitting on a strap.", "A pair of scissors are attached to a leash.", "Multi colored scissors with a multi colored ribbon.", "Pair of small green and blue scissors hanging from a matching multi-colored modern print cloth strap. ", "a close up of a pair of scissors on a tether"]
["A small parking meter between two gold plated pieces of metal.", "A small round clear object between two shiny brass objects.", "A pair of bronze colored knives in metal sheaths.", "Gold silverware sitting on top of white cloth. ", "A set of three sizes of bronze scissors."]
["A silver colored necklace with a pair of mini scissors on it.", "Woman wearing a necklace with miniature scissors pendant.", "a woman wearing a necklace with little scissors on it", "A person wearing a necklace with a scissors on it.", "Someone wearing a knecklace with a charm of a pair of scissors on it."]
["A person's hand with blood on the tip of the thumb.", "A bleeding cut on a thumb near the nail.", "The man broke his nail which is now bleeding.", "a thumb with a jacked up nail with some blood ", "A person's thumb slightly injured and crusted with blood."]
["a man getting a hair cut takes a photo of himself ", "Seen through one of its mirrors a salon has large square mirrors with dark wood frames, ceiling fans, black chairs, pictures and a man holding a glass and looking at his reflection as his, smiling, female hairdresser takes care of his hair    ", "A man is taking a selfie of himself at the salon.", "A woman cutting a mans hair in a barbers chair.", "A man prepares to get his hair cut at a hair studio."]
["Scissors and a pile of postage stamps topped by one of President Nixon", "Several stamps and other forms of postage clipped for a collection.", "A pair of scissors shown on a table with many cutouts.", "a pair of scissors on a table covered with stamps", "A pile of stamps with a pair of orange handled scissors. One stamp has a picture of President Nixon. "]
["A young child standing next to a large box.", "A child taking the paper off a box sitting on the floor.", "A child opening a box wrapped in brown paper in a room with a piano.", "A young boy is unwrapping paper covering a box.", "A child uses scissors to open the wrapping on a package."]
["A close up of a pair of rusty scissors and wrench.", "pair of rusted scissors and pliers beside each other", "there is a pair of slightly rusted scissors in a rusted handle", "A pair of scissors are sitting in a garden.", "Rusty scissors standing straight up next to another rusty object."]
["A pair of scissors next to a package of top ramen.", "An empty noodle packed with chopped up scallions on it", "someone cutting up vegetables on a counter with scissors ", "Some green onions chopped up on an instant ramen wrapper", "a cut up veggie on top of empty ramen noodle package"]
["A girl and a large stuffed bear at a table.", "A YOUNG LADY IS SITTING AT A TABLE WITH A HUGE TEDDY BEAR", "A girl sitting at a table with a large teddy bear wearing a shirt.", "A woman sitting at a table across from a stuffed bear.", "A woman sitting at a table with a teddy bear."]
["A stuffed bear laying on the ground in some water.", "A discarded teddy bear in a rut in the street. ", "A teddy bear lies in a puddle next to a car.", "A wet teddy bear is on the ground by a car.", "A teddy bear wet and soggy lying in a puddle behind a car wheel."]
["a group of people stand around in a field with a giant bear ", "A woman holding a teddy bear around some other people", "several people standing outside and one woman holding a teddy bear.", "A giant stuffed teddy bear next to a woman in a black tank top.", "A tall brown teddy bear trying to breast feed from a woman."]
["A bunch of cheese, breads, and meats on plates. ", "A table topped with plates of food and drinks.", "A plate with sandwiches and meats on them.", "An enticing breakfast is always available at the prestigious hotel.", "A plate of meats, cheeses and bread next to a poached egg and coffee."]
["A pot of stew in the middle of cooking.", "A pot that is filled with food and has a spoon.", "A pot of food is seen in this image.", "A bowl of food, being cooked in a pan.", "a bunch of veggies are inn a pot"]
["A man with glasses cooking food on a stove top in a kitchen.", "A man standing by a stove preparing a meal.", "A man standing at the stove cooking food.", "A man cooking food over a black stove. ", "Young bespectacled man cooks food on a stove top."]
["A white plate topped with food sitting next to a bowl of salad.", "a close up of a plate of food on a table", "A plate filled with ribs served with rice and an adjacent bowl of shrimp salad sit on a table.", "A plate filled with a serving of food to be eaten", "A plate of rice and assorted meat next to a salad with shrimp. "]
["Two women sit at a dinner table at a formal event", "Two women sitting at a table with white wine.", "A woman sitting at a table eating a buffet in a convention center.", "Two women sit in chairs around a table that has bread and white glasses on it.", "People sitting at tables with glasses of wine."]
["a family sitting on a couch near large windows", "A family hangs out on a wooden porch.", "A family is over the water sitting on a nice sofa.", "A young couple and their two children enjoy a relaxing meal in a floating cabana. ", "A family of four sitting on an outdoor sofa"]
["A man sitting next to a woman at a table.", "A couple is preparing to eat a mean at a restaurant.", "a man and woman are sitting at a table with their food", "Two people smile as plates of food sit in front of them.", "A couple is sitting at a table with food."]
["Two women eating in an elegant restaurant. ", "Two women eating dinner together at a restaraunt", "Two women are dining together in a fine restaurant.", "Two women sitting at a table in a restaurant.", "two girls talking and sharing dinner at a restaurant. "]
["Men and women sit around a table at a dinner.", "A group of people gathered at a dinner table.", "Several people sitting around a table with coffee cups and wine glasses in front of them. ", "The men and women in business suits are sitting at a round table.", "Eight people at a business dinner posing for a photograph "]
["A man standing behind a car topped with wine glasses.", "A man preparing wine glasses at a small bar area.", "This man is tending the wine bar, where many glasses are poured.", "A man at a wine bar with several wine glasses lined up by some bottles.", "A bartender pouring multiple glasses of red wine."]
["A group of people sitting around  a lunch table.", "Group of people standing at a red table getting ready to eat.", "A long table has several plates of various foods laid out on it, along with several empty glasses.", "Group of people setting up glasses of wine and small sides on a picnic table. ", "Three men prepare an outdoor feast while a woman pours wine."]
["A woman is drinking out of a wine goblet.", "A woman is preparing to take a sip from her wine glass.", "Woman drinking from a wine glass in an outdoor setting.", "A woman sitting at a table wearing sunglasses on her head.", "a woman with sunglasses on her head is drinking "]
["Wide shot of a kitchen and a kitchen table with a plaid tablecloth.", "A neat and tidy country kitchen includes a large flatscreen tv for barside viewing.", "The kitchen and dining area of a clean house. ", "A home kitchen with wood cabinets and a long table", "A kitchen scene complete with a sink, refrigerator and an oven."]
["a man that is in a store with a cell phone", "A man is talking on a cellphone in a store.", "A man wears glasses and a hat while he holds a phone to his ear.", "A man at a shopping mall talks on a telephone.", "A bearded guy on a phone in a store."]
["a room with all kinds of junk in it", "A room filled with lots of junk and clutter.", "a kitchen area with many pots and pans", "We are looking at a primitive kitchen area.", "A kitchen area with a wood stove for cooking"]
["A white kitchen with marble countertops and stone floors.", "There is nobody in the kitchen right now.", "A kitchen with lots of cupboards and counter space.", "A nicely decorated kitchen area with white cabinets ", "A white kitchen with a grey counter top."]
["A little boy that is standing in the dirt next to a basket.", "A child in a yellow coat watching over potatoes.", "A boy is standing next to a table full of oranges.", "A boy standing in front of a large basket filled with fruit.", "A sad little boy standing in front of a basket of fruit."]
["Three people standing in a parking lot smiling to take a picture.", "Three people posing for a picture in a parking lot.", "Two men and a woman posing in a parking lot.", "The three friends are standing in the parking lot and posing for a photo.", "Three smiling young people standing in a parking lot."]
["Several men sitting in front of a large wall. ", "Men sitting and standing, putting on gear to go skiing.", "Three men in ski boots with their ski equipment near by.", "a number of people sitting on a snowy surface with skis ", "Snow skiiers sitting down beside a rock wall."]
["A man in glasses is mixing in bowls near pots on a stove.", "A young man is mixing something in a bowl and cooking in pans on the stove.", "A man stands in a kitchen, mixing something in a bowl", "A smiling man wearing glasses stirs food in a bowl.", "A man standing beside a stove with three pots on it."]
["A glass of drink and a plate of food on a table.", "A peanut butter bagel, yogurt, apple and V8 are on the table.", "A table set up with many various food and drink items.", "Healthy lunch of vegetable juice. bagel with peanut butter, yogurt, and apple.", "A peanut butter bagel is sitting on a white plate with several other food items surrounding it."]
["A man and a woman standing in front of a kitchen table.", "Two people in a kitchen with a sink and oven. ", "A man and a woman stand in front of the sink", "The couple are cleaning dishes in the kitchen. ", "A young couple in a small kitchen washing dishes."]
["A kitchen with brown cabinets and white appliances.", " a kitchen with counter tops a stove and a microwave", "A small galley kitchen with wooden cabinets and white appliances.", "A white stove top oven sitting under a microwave.", "A kitchen counter with a white stove, trashcan and fire extinguisher."]
["A group of young children kicking a soccer ball around a field.", "Children playing soccer in a field with other children.", "Kids in green and white soccer outfits are on a field as other kids wear a yellow vest over their uniform.", "A group of young kids playing soccer on a grassy field.", "some children are playing soccer on a field"]
["A person with a robe on is fixing something on the ceiling. ", "A person working on a metal object hanging from the ceiling.", "A lady in a kitchen touching something hanging from the ceiling.", "A woman inspects a hanging apparatus in the kitchen.", "A person standing up in a small room."]
["quaint kitchen with pink flowers on a small central table", "This kitchen has al white cabinets and tiles on the wall", "a kitchen with a fridge and an oven and a door", "A kitchen with a white refrigerator freezer and lots of clutter.", "A simple kitchen decorated with colorful a tablecloth."]
["A lamp that is on sitting on a table.", "A kitchen area at night lit by a single lamp", "Small table in entry of kitchen with bright light.", "The dining room is incorporated into the kitchen.", "a kitchen with a oven and table inside of it "]
["A city with people on a fountain and in a grass field.", "A park on a cloudy day with people all around ", "A park with some people walking around and people sitting on the side of a fountain.", "A group of people walking around a lush green park.", "People are sitting on the edge of a fountain as others walk by."]
["A kitchen filled with appliances and cooking utensils.", "A dim lit kitchen with red walls and jars of food.", "a kitchen filled with an oven a microwave and a window", "a kitchen with red walls some jars a sink and a stove", "The kitchen has recessed lighting, red walls, white cupboards, and a black counter."]
["a retro image of women in aprons, some holding clipboards, in a giant industrial kitchen", "Dated picture of several women working in an industrial sized kitchen", "A group of women and one man that are in a large kitchen. ", "A group of women in a kitchen baking and cooking.", "Several women standing in a kitchen preparing food."]
["a woman is facing an oven in a kitchen", "A woman in the kitchen preparing a meal.", "The back of a woman next to a counter and a stove.", "Woman in dark, heavy dress cooking in a home kitchen.", "The dog is looking at a woman cooking in the kitchen. "]
["a woman is standing at a sink in a kitchen", "Asian woman washing all of her dirty dishes.", "A woman washing a pot in a small kitchen.", "A very cute lady working in a very small kitchen.", "A woman is standing in the kitchen cooking a meal. "]
["A brown cow walking along side of a man.", "a large cow walking down the road with his owner.", "A man stands holding a rope tied to a bull.", "a man leading a cow to the market", "Bunch of people gathered around with bulls and cows"]
["an oven and a small table in a home kitchen", "a big room that has a table and a stove in it", "A kitchen with bags on the table, appliances on the counter, a sink and a garbage can.", "A full view of a kitchen with counters and table. ", "The dining table in the kitchen has plastic bags full of items on it."]
["a kitchen that makes food has pots and pans.", "a kitchen that has a bunch of pans in it", "The large, industrial kitchen has huge metallic tubs on the walls.", "An industrial kitchen with stainless steel equipment and utensils,.", "A kitchen filled with lots of cooking apparatus."]
["A kitchen filled with wooden cabinets and a table.", "A KITCHEN WITH A TABLE AND A SINK IN IT ", "This is an empty kitchen with wooden cabinets and a breakfast area.", "A large kitchen with light wooden cabinets and plenty of light.", "Kitchen with an island stove and a large grandfather clock in corner. "]
["some brown cabinets a table light and refrigerator", "A kitchen with dining table, counters, and microwave.", "A kitchen with lots of wooden cabinets and cupboards.", "A kitchen with wooden cabinets and storage areas", "a kitchen with a refrigerator a sink and a cupboard"]
["An industrial kitchen with a strainer on the counter.", "A dirty commercial kitchen with a bowl on the counter", "A kitchen with a long wooden counter and a metal pan on it.", "A restaurant kitchen provides everything needed to prepare food.", "An empty commercial kitchen with bowls on the counter and stacks of trays on the shelf above."]
["Foods are being put in to the mason jars", "a bunch of glasses with some food inside of it ", "There are orange slices in canning jars without lids.", "Eight jars are being filled with orange slices. ", "The jars on the table are full of oranges."]
["A table topped with oranges and a bowl of salad.", "A group of oranges with their tops cut off.", "A bunch of oranges with the ends cut off. ", "Oranges on wooden table with end sliced off.", "A bunch of oranges with the tops peeled from them"]
["Several jars filled with oranges on a kitchen counter.", "a bunch of fruit is in some glass jars", "A few jars sitting on top of a counter filled with oranges.", "A person is jarring orange slices into multiple jars.", "The fresh fruit is cut up in the jars in the kitchen."]
["Canning tongs lifting a jar out of the water bath.", "Jars of food are being canned in a pot of boiling water.", "A large metal pan sitting on top of a stove top oven.", "a close up of a large pot cooking food ", "A large pot that is on top of a stove and being used for canning."]
["A black puppy with a ball in its mouth sitting in a bicycle basket.", "A small black dog sitting in the basket of a white bike.", "A black dog sitting in the basket of a white bicycle.", "A small dog is sitting in the basket of a bicycle.", "A black poodle sits in the basket of a bicycle. "]
["Bathroom view, brightly lit, blue square basin, commode on right, shower curtain on left and heater and window on far end.", "An all white bathroom with white fixtures and blue sink", "A clean white bathroom with radiator grate, sink and toilet.", "A bathroom with a sink and toilet next to a window.", "an image of a bathroom setting with white fixtures"]
["A room with wooden slatted walls adorns two shower knobs, a trash can, a soap dish with soap and a sink.", "a bathroom with some knobs built into the wall", "A bathroom that has white faucet handles above a trash bin.", "A sink with the handles non-adjacent to the sink.", "A bathroom sink in pictured in a rustic bathroom."]
["A metal pole that is inside of a shower.", "a pole sits next to a toilet on a tiled floor ", "A photo of a contemporary style of shower stall.", "There is a white toilet in the bathtroom with the tall silver pole. ", "A close up shot of a shower area in a bathroom."]
["The bathroom toilet with the cover up, sink, and bathroom items are shown.", "a bathroom with a sink and a toilet near a scale", "A very small brown colored bathroom with a white toilet.", "a brown bathroom with a sink and white toilet", "An empty bathroom with a sink, toilet, scale and brown towel "]
["A close up of a bathtub in a bathroom ", "A tub has mold around its creases and crevices.", "A dirty bathroom with a tub and toilet", "a bathroom that has a toilet and a bathtub in it", "A view of a dirty shower, with no curtain."]
["A white toilet sitting in front of a brick wall.", "a toilet next to a brick wall and a rusted tank", "A refurbished pull-chain toilet in front of a brick wall.", "A bathroom with an old fashioned toilet next to a brick wall.", "An old bathroom with a new toilet installed."]
["There are bikes parked next to the cars.", "A row of bikes parked on the side of a street.", "A row of bicycles that are all parked next to each other.", "A row of bikes parked along a sidewalk beside some cars", "Bikes lined up on a bike rack beside cars on the street. "]
["A group of friends standing next to each other at night.", "Three people smile hugging near a frowning companion.", "A man smiling with two women on each side of him with a man that is not smiling. ", "A group of people on a city street.", "there are two men and two women one woman has a bike"]
["Aerial tricks performed on red bike over stacked skateboards with photographer in background.", "A bicycle is in the air over some skateboards.", "A boy is hopping his bike over three skateboards as someone takes a picture in the background.", "A person on a bike jumping over skate boards.", "A man flying through the air on a bicycle."]
["A pretty young lady sitting on a sidewalk next to an older man.", "A young woman sitting on the curb while others stand nearby.", "A woman sitting on a curb with a backpack by her feet.", "a group of people standing near a person sitting on a curb", "The young woman sits on the curb of the sidewalk "]
["The bathroom is multi-colored containing black, white, and green.\n", "a small white toilet against a green wall", "A bathroom with a shower and toilet decorated in pink and green.", "a toilet attached two a green and white wall in the bathroom ", "a bath room with a toilet and a shower"]
["A bathroom sink sitting under a large mirror.", "a bathroom with a sink and lotion in it", "A bathroom sink wit a blue light shining on it.", "A sink with some blue lights in the bathroom. ", "An illuminated bathroom counter with mirror and toiletries. "]
["a bathroom with a toilet and a bath tub", "a toilet and claw foot bathtub in a turquoise bathroom with wood flooring", "A dilapidated bath room with a toilet next to a claw foot tub ", "A bathroom wall that needs to be painted.", "An unfinished bathroom with a claw foot tub and a toilet."]
["A young man riding a bike past a lake.", "an image of a man riding a bike in the park", "a man riding a bike close to a  calm river", "A biker rides past a calm lake on a bike trail. ", "A person wearing a helmet riding a bicycle by the water."]
["A clean bathroom that has a sink and a bathtub.", "There is a bathroom with a small tub in the wall", "A bathroom with white tile walls, a bathtub and sink.", "Looking into an empty bathroom with white fixtures. ", "A bathroom that has a large window in it."]
["three bicycles are parked against a fence a car and building", "Three bikes parked outside a local restaurant establishment", "There are bicycles parked in front of a building", "Bicycles and a car parked outside a restaurant.", "Several bicycles chained to a fence in front of a bar."]
["A bicycle resting outside of a building door", "A bike is parked next to a decorated wall.", "A bicycle outside a building with paintings on it's walls.", "Colorful picture of the outside of an art shop or museum with a bicycle parked in front.", "Bike parked in front of a glass door and windows colorfully decorated."]
["Sinks in a public restroom with exposed brick and plumbing.", "Light coming through the window of a restroom.", "A public bathroom with a long line of sinks and mirrors.", "A row of sinks in which you can see the copper piping for the water.", "A public bathroom has brick unfinished walls and plumbing."]
["Large shower sectional of a bathroom in a brown and white photograph.", "A open shower stall that has a robe next to it.", "a bathroom with a stand up shower and tub.", "a bathroom with a tub next to a fancy shower stall ", "A walk in shower sitting next to a bath tub."]
["a bus traveling down the street next to  tree lined sidewalk", "A bus with a bike attached to the front is stopped at a busy downtown street.", "a public transit bus on a city street", "A bus with a bicycle on the front is parked next to the curb in a city.", "A bus parked on a street with a bicycle attached to the front."]
["A  street with pedestrians, bikes, a jitney and a bus. ", "People on a street with bikes, a covered scooter and a bus.", "many bikes parked on a fence near the street", "A crowded street in India with bikes, buses and taxis. ", "A young man walking down a street next to a red and yellow bus."]
["A bathroom with a white toilet sitting next to a sink.", "The tiled bath room in a hotel room", "The bathroom of the hotel room is clean and ready for guests.", "A bathroom with a toilet, a sink, and towels hanging on a rack.", "A bathroom, with a toilet, sink, and hanging towels in it."]
["A woman sitting on a toilet with a mask on. ", "A half dressed lady on a toilet wearing a mask.", "Woman in dark costume with helmet prop sitting on toilet.", "A woman in a mask on a toilet.", "A woman wearing a Darth Vader masks setting on a toilet."]
["A picture of a bathroom with a sink and tolet.", "A bathroom is decorated in teal and brown.", "a small bathroom with a reflection of a person in a mirror", "Toiletries sit on a bathroom counter next to the sink. ", "a typical bathroom that looks very cramped and crowded"]
["Full grown cat laying down and sleeping on top of a car. ", "A cat napping on a red car in a driveway.", "A orange cat taking a nap on top of a car.", "A fluffy cat sleeping on top of a red car.", "An orange cat sleeping on top of a red car."]
["A cop car sitting on the side of a road behind a motorcycle.", "There are police officers around a police car", "an overhead view of a city street with a cop car", "A police vehicle and a motorcycle on a city street.", "Police car pulling over a motorcycle on the street."]
["A picture taken from the driver seat of car at a stop sign.", "stop sign in a rural area in the fall", "A street intersection taken from in side a car.", "A car coming to a stop sign as seen from inside the car.", "Picture taken inside a car at a stop sign of fall foliage."]
["a man sits in a trunk while petting a dog ", "A full view of an individual touching his dog at the back of the trunk. ", "A man sits on the back of a car patting a dog.", "A woman sitting on the tailgate of her car talking to her dog.", "A person sits in the back of their vehicle with a dog and pets the dog."]
["A parked motorcycle with a red enclosed side car.", "Vehicles at a car show are shown, a small car and a motorcycle.\n", "A futuristic car and a motorcycle parked next to each other. ", "A motorcycle with a red and shiny side car. ", "A motorcycle with a side car parked in the grass."]
["a small bathroom has a small toilet and grate in the floor.", "A bathroom with a toilet without a cover and an empty toilet paper holder.", "Looking at a restroom toilet through an opened door.", "A bathroom with a toilet and no toilet paper.", "An empty tiled bathroom with no toilet paper."]
["A toilet with no seat sits in a tiny bathroom.", "A newly installed toilet with manufacturer stickers on it.", "a bathroom with a toilet on tiled floors ", "A toilet inside a stall with no lid.", "White toilet without lid in a single bathroom stall"]
["a man standing at the back of one of the two cycles", "A man from the UK next to a motorcycle out on the desert.", "A man standing next to a parked motorcycle on a dirt road.", "A couple of motorcycles are parked in the desert.", "there is a man standing in the desert next to a bike"]
["Three motorcycles stop at an intersection at an oriental restaurant.", "A group of people on motorcycles next to a building.", "Three people on motorcycles on a street, waiting at a traffic light.", "Three motorcycles sitting waiting at a cross walk", "Three motorcyclists stopped at a traffic light on a street in front of a store"]
["A man wearing a red jacket sitting at a desk.", "A man sits at a laptop computer at a table.", "A person that is smiling with a computer.", "A man sits at a desk before an open laptop.", "A smiling man sits at a table with his laptop in a public library. "]
["A person is riding a motorcycle with dogs in a cage on the back of it.  ", "Dogs asleep in a cage mounted on the back of a motor cycle", "The motorcyclist rides with many small puppies strapped in a cage on the back.", "A man riding a motorcycle down a road with dogs on the back.", "A person on a motorcycle with puppies in a cage"]
["A man stands beside his motorcycle in front of a store.", "A red and black motorcycle with shiny chrome.", "a close up of a motorcycle parked on a street", "A motorcycle parked on the side of a road next to a man.", "A man stand next to a motorcycle with a bag on the back."]
["A clock that is on the side of a tower.", "The image shows the roofs and steeples of many buildings. ", "A skyline with several buildings with old architecture", "Large tower building with a clock on the side of it. ", "A tall building that has a clock on it. "]
["A bathroom stall that has very dirty walls.", "A bathroom with a dark wall and a white toilet.", "Public bathroom containing toilet with writing on black walls.", "A white toilet in a dirty black room.", "A white toilet sitting in a run down restroom stall."]
["A white church sitting at the bottom of a hillside.", "A church in the distance on a snow covered rise.", "A church with a large steeple sitting on a hilltop that's covered in snow.", "A white church with a steeple rests on a snowy hill.", "The church is up on the hill in the country. "]
["A large room with marble floors and white ceramic toilets", "some toilets,some spilled paint, and some hanging objects in a warehouse.", "Several toilets in a large warehouse type toom.", "A row of toilets in a warehouse of some sort", "A white toilet sitting next to two other toilets in a large mostly empty room."]
["A couple of police motorcycles parked next to each other.", "The two motorcycles have been pulled over on the side of the road. ", "A person crouching next to a pair of motorcycles", "Two motorcycles on the side of a road. ", "motorcycles parked on the side of a road near a lake"]
["Some people riding some motorcycles through a rock tunnel.", "Three motorcycles ride under a tunnel made from rock.", "Group of motocyclists during ride on mountainous road with rock archway.", "People on motorcycles ride under a hole in a rock.", "a group of people on motorcycles riding through  a rock tunnel and a sign says falling rock"]
["There is a toilet in a narrow bathroom.", "A bathroom has a toilet and a litter box.", "a toilet and a litter box sitting in a hallway", "A toilet in a narrow passage with two fans behind it.", "A toilet is placed in between the two walls in what seems to be a bathroom. "]
["A group of people riding mopeds in a busy street. ", "People riding bikes and cars down the street. ", "Motorists and bicyclists in a busy city square.", "A crowded city street filled with traffic and bicycles.", "An Asian intersection is full of mopeds and motorcycles."]
["A toilet is shown against a wall with wires.", "A lone tan toilet stands in a dirty room.", "there is a beige toilet in the street", "A beige toilet is shown in a weird setting.", "A small toilet next to a brick wall."]
["People gathering at an old building to eat on a sunny day", "A crowd of people standing outside of a brown brick building.", "a number of people outside of a building ", "Some people stand near several motorcycles outside a building.", "A group of people who are outside of a building."]
["Man sitting on toilet top holding hat and cigarette", "A man sitting on top of a toilet.", "A man is seated on the tank of a toilet.", "A man with a cigarette is sitting on top of a toilet", "A man that is sitting down on a toilet."]
["a little bathroom with just a toilet in it", "There is a lone toilet at the end of a long room.", "The carpet in the tiny room has a lot of debris and a toilet on it.", "The bathroom is dirty and needs to be clean.", "A white toilet sitting in a room on top of a wooden floor."]
["A bird sits on an outside windowsill overlooking a parking lot.", "a bird is sitting on the ledge of a window relaxing", "A car parked in front of a building in a parking space.", "A bird sitting on a ledge outside of window with a car in the background.", "A bird sitting on the outside of a window."]
["A white toilet covered in feminine toilet coverings.", "The toilet has different types of coverings on them.", "A cloth-covered toilet and trash can in a bathroom", "Corner of a restroom with a toilet, with a floral and frilled seat cover and tank cover, beside a wider basket trash can with a plastic bag liner.", "A toilet with a decorative cover in the corner of a room."]
["a motor bike carrying very many people on the street", "three people sitting on a motorcycle in a street", "Three people on a motor bile that is riding in a street, with one of them wearing a helmet.", "Three people are riding down the street on one motorcycle. ", "Two adults and a child ride a motorcycle together."]
["A room with two desk covered in computer equipment.", "A living room with some long tables and some laptops.", "A home office area with several computers and a printer.", "A room with two desk with computers, a laptop, a printer and a telephone on them. ", "twp desk with computers, laptops and other electronics"]
["The motorcyclist has his hands at his side while riding swiftly down the road. ", "A man riding on the back of a motorcycle down a highway.", "A man riding on a motorcycle on the road.", "there is a man riding a motorcycle and not holding the handles", "The man on the motorcycle does not have his hands on the handlebars."]
["A man riding a motorcycle down a street.", "Native man riding motorcycle on pave roadway in rural area.", "a man in a white turban drives a motorcycle along a dirty road.", "A man in a turban drives a motorcycle with a woman on back.", "A man is traveling down the road on his motorcycle. "]
["people with their head covered on a motorbike", "Those people have veils over their face while they are  riding the motorcycle.", "Old black and white scene of two people on motorcycle passing a pedestrian.", "Two people are riding on a motorcycle past a man.", "Two people with helmets riding motorcycle past pedestrian."]
["Several motorcycles riding down the road in formation.", "A group of motorcycle riders driving past buildings.", "A group of people are riding motorcycles on a road through a town. ", "A group of motorcyclists are driving down the city street.", "A group of motorcycles drive down a city street."]
["A man riding a motorcycle down the middle of a street.", "a pair of motorcycles going down a street with cars in the background", "A man rides a motorcycle in front of another biker down a city road.", "A man with a bandana is riding a motorcycle.", "A man wearing blue jeans rides a blue motorcycle near a red motorcycle."]
["A man riding a motorcycle down a street with a person.", "Two people riding together on a motorcycle down the road.", "Two people on a motorcycle with another one in the background ", "A man and a woman riding on a motorcycle. ", "Two people on a motorcycle with another motorcycle in background."]
["there are two woman that are riding motorcycles ", "Two people ride motorcycles down a city street.", "Two motorcycles going down a city street with woman drivers", "a couple of motorcyclists are driving down the road", "Two motorcycles ride down a street in a city."]
["A  nice looking motorcycle in a cityscape", "A motorcycle is parked next to the fire hydrant", "A black motorcycle parked on a brick sidewalk next to a road.", "A motorcycle parked on a sidewalk near a street light.", "The motorcycle is parked on the side of the paved road. "]
["Large motorcycle sitting on a grassy area in a line.", "Older motorcycle displayed on grass along with several old cars.", "A motorcycle that is parked in a field.", "Several motorcycles and cars sitting on a grassy lot", "A number of motorbikes and cars parked in the field"]
["there is a black motorcycle parked outside in the dirt", "black motorcycle standing on display outside in the sun", "People are walking past a black motorcycle that is next to a building. ", "a close up of a motorcycle parked near other cars", "A parked motorcycle sitting near a parking lot in the sun. "]
["a man that is riding a bike on some concrete ", "A man wearing a helmet is riding a motorcycle", "A man rides a motorcycle through the streets.", "the man is wearing a blue hat on his head", "A biker is riding his motorcycle around outdoors."]
["A man wearing goggles and a helmet driving on a motorcycle.", "A man in leathers and a helmet riding a motorcycle. ", "A man with riding gear on a motorcycle.", "A man wearing a black jacket rides a motorcycle. ", "A man riding on the back of a motorcycle down a road."]
["An orange cat standing in front of a glass door.", "The cat is on the other side of a window pane.", "A cat is sitting outside of the window.", "a cat sitting next to a glass  window", "an orange and white cat some grass and a window"]
["A cat sitting on the steps in front of its cat door.", "a cat laying on concrete steps near a door", "A cat that is sitting by a door.", "A cat lies on the door step in front of the pet door", "A black and white cat laying across cement steps."]
["A group of men standing near parked motorcycles", "people walking near many parked motorcycles in a lot", "Lots of motorcycles and people out on the street.", "A view of a bunch of motorcycles outside a house.", "Several people on a street standing next to various motorcycles"]
["a bluish motorcycle parked on sidewalk in park", "a light blue and black motorcycle is parked", "A blue motorcycle parked on a walkway near green grass.", "a blue motorcycle is standing out in the open", "a motor bike sits parked on a side walk"]
["A motorcycle parked near a harbor filled with boats.", "A motorcycle is parked in front of a body of water. ", "A BMW motorcycle sitting in a marina with boats. ", "A motorcycle is parked on a sidewalk next to a marina.", "Red, white, and black motorcycle parked on top of a pier. "]
["A motor bike parked behind a van in the grass.", "A very nice looking motorcycle parked by a truck.", "a dirt bike that is leaning on a van", "A motorcycle parked behind a van on a grass field.", "A dirt bike (motorcycle) parked behind a white van on the grass"]
["A group of men riding dirt bikes across a grass covered field.", "A group of dirt-bikers racing on a grass course.", "a group of motorbikers racing on a field in a competition.", "People watching motor cross bike riders racing on a field", "A group of motor cross riders are starting a race."]
["A motorcycle parked behind a truck on a green field.", "a dirt bike parked next to a motor home and vehicle", "A motorcycle parked in the grass near a trailer and a truck. ", "A motorcycle is rusted and parked in a field.", "Old motorcycle parked outside next to a camper."]
["A motorcycle parked on a lush green field.", "A close up photo of a motorcycle. ", "A muddy motorcycle is parked near other vehicles in a field.", "An old motorcycle standing in a grassy field.", "An antique motor cycle with a small trailer behind it."]
["A numbered Dirt bike next to a box truck", "there is a green dirt bike standing outside", "The dirt bike has seen many hill climbs in its history.", "A motorcycle bike leaning against a white trailer.", "a dirt bike laying against a trailer in a grassy field"]
["A small dog laying next to a door.", "A black and white dog laying on a carpet next to a door.", "A dog sleeping and lying down near the door.", "A black and white dog laying in front of a door.", "A black and white dog sleeping in front of a door."]
["Several bench seats lined up in the car of a vehicle.", "Rows of empty seats are viewed from inside a train. ", "blue passenger seats on a train or subway car", "Inside of a subway or tram with blue seats.", "A train car that is empty with lots of blue seats."]
["a green train that is sitting on a train track", "Two green trains stop in front of a warning guard.", "a group of trains parked side by side next to a sidewalk", "Some very big pretty bright colored trains parked.", "two trains are parked side by side at the station"]
["a dog, sits on a rug, looking at a television", "A dog is watching a little boy on TV.", "A dog sitting on a rug watching television. ", "A beagle puppy sitting down watching a television.", "a dog watching a little boy on tv"]
["A baby in a play chair in a living room.", "A baby is playing in a walker in a room. ", "A baby sitting inside of a saucer near a TV.", "a little boy that is in a bouncy seat", "Young child in walker in crowded urban home living room."]
["A man holding a book while sitting down.", "The man in the scarf is reading a book.", "A man sits and reads a book next to a television.", "A young man reading aloud from a book.", "A man is reading a book sitting in a chair next to a television."]
["A man wearing a straw hat and playing the guitar.", "a man that is sitting down with a guitar ", "A man wearing a straw hat while playing a guitar.", "The cowboy is playing music on his guitar ", "a man wearing a cowboy hat looking down holding a guitar"]
["A large flat screen television with entertainment center.", "A television that is on a entertainment stand.", "A living room is furnished with a television and bookcase.", "A living room is shown with a crowded bookshelf.", "a wide screen tv a small table with fruit on it and shelves with nick knacks "]
["A biplane takes flight on a sunny day", "A small plane flying low on a clear sky", "A yellow biplane flying under a blue sky.", "A yellow airplane is flying overhead some trees. ", "The single engine airplane flies below a single cloud."]
["Four airplanes  that are crop dusting over some land.", "Four airplanes are flying over a grassy area.", "Four airplanes taking flying in the sky with cloudy smoke billowing behind them.", "four planes fly close through the sky with three trailing smoke behind them", "Four airplanes in the sky flying over a field."]
["A man flying a fan plane neck to flock of ducks.", "A helicopter flies in the air with a flock of birds.", "Something flies in the sky with a flock of birds.", "an aircraft flying threw the air with a flock of birds following it", "a one man helicopter heading toward a flock of birds"]
["Two jet liners sitting on top of an airport runway.", "A couple of white and green airplanes on a road.", "Two identical planes on a runway near woods.", "Two white planes with green tails parked on tarmac.", "Two airplanes on a landing strip at an airport."]
["A large plane with people alighting at the airport", "A large commercial airplane is sitting on the runway.", "a airplane that has its door open on the run way", "People are getting off an airplane that is parked on a runway. ", "A airplane that is sitting at a terminal."]
["Large white airplane with blue tail sitting on a runway. ", "a picture of a big passenger airplane taken from indoors", "The airplane is from the country of Singapore.", "A white commercial airplane being loaded with luggage", "a large air plane on an air port run way"]
["A jumbo jet airplane parked with a person checking it.", "A plan stands on the tarmac in the shadow of a mountain.", "a large plane is parked on the run way", "A man is standing on the runway beside a parked airplane.", "A plane sits in a perimeter of safety cones."]
["People standing next to tree looking at an airplane flying over ocean.", "a seaplane flies over the water in front of onlookers", "A single engine plane flying along the coast with people standing in the bank and a sailboat out at sea.", "A group of hikers watching a plane over a body of water.", "A group of people on land looking at a flying boat"]
["People walking in a museum with a airplane hanging from the celing.", "Visitors seen below bi-plane  looking at displays in museum setting.", "a full-size fighter plane hanging in the air inside a building", " An airplane suspended from a ceiling over a museum.", "An old world war II airplane is hanging from cables from the ceiling with a bunch of people walking around."]
["an airplane is being towed away from the jet bridge", "A air plane parked on the ground .", "A jet airplane parked at the airport gate.", "A stationary white airplane parked at an airport.", "A plane is parked next to an airport terminal."]
["Several small electronic devices are sitting with a backpack at an airport window.", "Some items leaning up against a window in an airport terminal with jet outside", "The words \"Connect_Anywhere\" cover a black and white photo of an unattended backpack left beside the window of an airport terminal overlooking the tarmac and a commercial airplane.", "A photo in an airport showing a backpack and a cell phone.", "A picture of a backpack in an airport."]
["A formation of airplanes in the distance with colored smoke.", "People gather on the beach to watch the Air Show", "A group of planes flying over a beach full of people.", "A small crowd watches a jet precision flying team in action.", "People at the beach watching an airshow with eight jets."]
["A large passenger jet sitting on an airport tarmac.", "A boy watches out the window of an airport and sees a plane.", "A boy is sitting up on a window ledge looking out at a plane.", "The boy is waiting for the plan to depart at the airport. ", "a person looking at an airplane through a window "]
["there is a airplane that is being boarded at the airport", "An airplane sitting on the tarmac with several service trucks around it. ", "A airplane that is sitting at a runway terminal.", "An airplane on the ground at an airport with service vehicles parked nearby", "A white jet airliner docked next to utility vehicles."]
["A jumbo jet airplane coming in for a landing on a runway.", "A large jetliner taking off from an airport runway.", "Large plane about to take off the runway", "A large white airplane on a runway taking off.", "There is a jet airplane on the runway"]
["A large passenger jet taking off from an airport.", "A plane that just took off flying from an airport.", "The airplane has begun its ascent in the skies.", "A plane is shown taking off from an airstrip.", "An airplane is taking off at an airport."]
["A Qatar airlines plane on an airport runway. ", "An airplane is on the runway ready to take off.", "an air plane on an air port run way", "A commercial international airline jet on a runway strip.", "An airplane sits on a runway at an airport."]
["A plane is sitting on the tarmac as the sun rises or sets.", "There is a large plane sitting on the runway at sunset", "Airplanes at the airport getting ready to take off.", "a medium sized plane on an air port run way", "An airplane is parked on a runway with a setting sun in the background."]
["A person that is sitting on a bench.", "a man sitting by the lake on a bench", "A man sitting alone on a bench in front of a lake.", "A lone man sits on a bench overlooking a still lake on a cloudy day. ", "a person sitting on a bench near a body of water"]
["A giraffes peaking over a rock with trees in the background.", "A giraffe standing next to a small stone mountain.", "A Giraffe standing near some rocks  on the grass", "A giraffe standing on grass standing by boulders. ", "A giraffe in a field looking over some rocks."]
["An airplane flying through the air on a clear day.", "The airplane is flying high in the clear blue sky.", "A white airplane with a single propeller and double stacked wings.", "A red, white, and blue airplane flying in the sky.", "A small aircraft flying low on a clear sky"]
["A giraffe standing by itself in the sand.", "a giraffe standing on a dirt floor with rocks and trees in the background", "A giraffe stands near some large rocks and trees.", "A tall giraffe is in a rock enclosure with trees behind it.", "A giraffe standing in a cage at a zoo."]
["A large commercial aircraft flying in the sky", "The four turbine jet is flying through the sky.", "A large jet liner flying through a light blue sky.", "A large plane ascending into a clear blue sky.", "a white and blue jet is flying in the sky"]
["Jet liner flying off into the distance on an overcast day", "An airplane flying away in a cloudy sky.", "A plane that is flying in a clear blue sky.", "An airplane flying away in the cloudy sky.", "Four engine plane flying in lightly overcast sky."]
["A street view with a plane flying ahead.", "A plane is flying over a highway that is next to some water.", "An airplane flies above a moderately trafficked highway.", "A plane flies across the sky as seen from the freeway.", "A jet airplane is flying through the sky just above the highway as a group of cars stay to the left side of the road."]
["A view of an empty city street at night", "A city with tall buildings and parked card lit up at night.", "Street lit up at night with parked cars on the side", "A steep street with streetcar rails going through a city.", "An image of a city skyline taken at night."]
["A group of people riding motor scooters down a street.", "a couple of motorcyclist on the street in a row", "A group of motorcyclist stop in traffic on their bikes.", "A group of mopeds on street next to a building.", "Many different people parked on motor bikes on a street."]
["A dog out in a field with a herd of sheep.", "A dog standing on a green field in front of a herd of grazing sheep.", "A dog in a field watching a herd of sheep grazing.", "A little dog is staring at a herd of sheep grazing in he field.", "A herding dog faces a group of sheep grazing in a field."]
["A black and white dog chasing sheep in a field.", "a small dog facing some sheep in a field near the water", "A dog herding sheep in a grassy meadow.", "A black and white dog herds a bunch of sheep.", "A black and white dog chasing after four sheep. "]
["A plane is somewhat distant away from the green grass. ", "a small air plane sitting behind a fence", "A small air craft is parked next to a fence.", "A white and red plane on runway with mountains in background.", "There is a commuter plane on the ground "]
["red traffic lights at an intersection on a well lighted street", "Darkened city street showing red lights at an intersection.", "A stop light with a church in the background at night.", "a city street at night with some lights", "A dark, foggy night scene shows the length of a street with stop lights cutting into the gloom and culminating with a church at the far end. "]
["a giraffe is standing next to a zebra outside", "A zebra and horse standing in the dirt.", "A zebra and a giraffe graze in a zoo enclosure.", "A giraffe and zebra standing near a building and fence.", "a giraffe reaching up to eat some leaves next to a building "]
["A traffic light is standing in the middle of the street as buses are driving in the background.", "a traffic light with a city street and buildings in the background", "A traffic light at a busy intersection is red. ", "Looking down at a busy intersection on a sunny day", "A stoplight with a busy city street in the background."]
["A giraffe walking close to a pool of water. ", "a giraffe drinking from a pool in its habitat", "a giraffe near a body of water with trees in the background", "A giraffe hovers above a watering hole during the day.", "Giraffe approaching a small pond to drink water"]
["a giraffe is standing on some grass and some trees", "A lone giraffe is standing in a field", "A giraffe on a green field with trees in the background.", "A young giraffe stands in a grassy field. ", "A giraffe is standing in a middle of a grassy field."]
["Two giraffe standing next to each other on a grass covered field.", "Two giraffes standing next to each other next to sticks.", "Two giraffes standing next to each other next to a fence.", "Two giraffes stand very close at a zoo enclosure.", "Two giraffes with their heads side by side."]
["A crying woman looking at herself in a mirror.", "A woman looks at her reflection in a handheld mirror.", "A picture with a mirror's reflection of a crying woman.", "A girls crying looking into a hand held mirror.", "A girl crying while looking at herself in a mirror."]
["The airplane is about ready to get take off from the runway. ", "The propeller of the airplane is spinning quickly.", "an old propeller air plane from the nineteen fifty's ", "a vintage photo of a twin engine jumbo jet ", "A plane parked on a road next to a field."]
["A traffic light suspended in the air in front of a brown and red brick building.", "Streetlights in front of a brick building in some downtown", "Two traffic lights hanging from a wire near a building.", "A couple of traffic lights hanging from a wire next to a building.", "traffic signals hanging in front of a brick building"]
["A woman walking on a city street in a red coat. ", "A group of people that are standing on the side of a street.", "A woman in a red jacket crossing the street", "a street light some people and a woman wearing a red jacket", "A blonde woman in a red coat crosses the street with her friend."]
["A black and white dog sitting on a park bench", "THERE IS A DOG THAT IS SITTING ON THE BENCH", "A black and white dog sitting on top of a bench.", "A dog sitting on a bench in the grass.\n", "A black and white dog looks forward from a park bench."]
["The woman is holding the dog between her legs.", "The woman is petting a dog that is near her. ", "A woman sitting on a bench pets her dog.", "a dog standing next to a woman with its mouth open", "The large dog is trying to talk to his mistress."]
["A young woman sitting on a wooden bench with a dog.", "A woman sitting on a bench with a dog.", "A young girl with a dog standing in her lap.", "A woman and a dog that are sitting on a bench.", "a dog that is on the lap of a women"]
["A large body of water sitting under a setting sun.", "Two traffic lights on a road near a large body of water.", "Red lights near the ocean while the sun sets in the background", "This is a sun set over a large body of water.", "A couple of traffic lights sitting by a sunset and water."]
["A city bus parked next to a crowd of people.", "A large crowd of people are near the subway shuttle bus.", "A shuttle bus and people next to it ", "A blue and white bus labeled subway shuttle", "A bus that is headed towards the subway shuttle for an airport. "]
["A double decker bus travelling on a city street.", "Red Double Decker bus parked at curb in metropolitan area.", "A red double decker bus on street next to building.", "Double decker bus driving in dusk with headlights. ", "A red double decker bus parked near a curb"]
["A double decker bus at night on a London street.", "People ride down the street on a bus. ", "A two level bus driving the street at night.", "A red double decker bus traveling at night.", "A two-story bus is next to a sidewalk in a public area."]
["A view of a bus traveling on top of a bridge.", "A large bridge over a body of water.", "a calm river has a bridge reflected in it", "A red bus passing on bridge over water.", "A tall bridge spanning the width of a bridge."]
["A giraffe stands in a field as birds perch on its neck.", "A giraffe standing in a grassy shrub field", "A close-up of the giraffe in the grassy plains.", "Birds feeding on the neck of a giraffe", "The giraffe has a lot of birds on it."]
["assorted animals like giraffes and zebras standing by a river", "A group of giraffe standing along side of a river.", "A variety of animals are standing in the wilderness. ", "a couple of giraffes stand with some other animals ", "giraffes, zebra and bulls in zoo habitat together"]
["Three zebras and two giraffes in the wilderness. ", "A couple of giraffes and some zebras in a forested area.", "Statues of animals stand in a zoo-like display with plants and rocks.", "Several zebra and giraffe viewed in a natural setting ", "a couple of zebras stand in front of some giraffes "]
["A street signal with a smiling face for the green light.", "A stoplight that is showing to be green,", "A traffic signal with a happy face over the green light.", "A green stoplight has a happy face in it.", "There is a crossing sign with a green smiley face."]
["A bus getting ready to get off a bridge on the highway.", "Three vehicles driving across a long bridge. ", "A transit bus is coming downhill from an overpass.", "there is a city bus that has just gone over the bridge", "A bus can cars passing over a bridge."]
["A boy is crossing the street in front of the buses.", "three public transit buses on a city street ", "A young man stands in front of a row of parked buses. ", "a man crossing a street in front of three  busses", "A boy walking down the street in front of some buses parked in the middle of the street"]
["a giraffe in a field with a person near trees ", "A giraffe standing next to a man near a forest.", "Giraffe watches cautiously as man approaches bearing gift.", "A giraffe that is standing in the grass.", "Giraffe in the brush and a man nearby with hand up in air. "]
["A group of people walking on a street and sidewalk.", "people standing on the side of the road as cars drive down the middle ", "A street in a residential area with people and cars", "Many people have gathered on the sidewalk to watch a parade.", "A dirt road with several people traveling along."]
["A bus parked on top of a red bus.", "A wood boat with a bus on top of it.", "An old boat is decorated in whimsical fashion.", "Blue bus on a red boat on the shore.", "A bus on a small boat on the ground outside."]
["A small dog on a leach sitting near a window.", "A dog sits behind a hand rail in a vehicle. ", "Dog on leash riding in back of vehicle. ", "Tethered dog sitting on dashboard of traveling vehicle.", "a black and white dog a leash a windshield and a road"]
["Two people using cleaning brushes on an outdoor monument.  ", "A man is hammering at the base of a statue.", "A very tall statue of a horse with two men standing by it", "Two guys are painting the base of a statue.", "Two men are helping to paint the statue of a man on a horse."]
["A red trolly bus driving down a dirt road.", "a msall bus going down a road with a street sign", "a small bus going down a road with a street sign", "an image of a red shuttle going down the road", "A trolly car driving down a small street. ", "A trolley styled car driving down a street.", "A trolley driving down a tree lined street"]
["Brown, white, and black rams eating on a hill. ", "Goats sitting and walking around in a fenced in area.", "A herd of sheep standing on top of a dry grass field.", "a group of animals that are standing out in the grass", "A HERD OF SHEEP GRAZING ALONG SIDE A HILL."]
["A giraffe stands between trees while other giraffes walk behind him.", "Several giraffe walking the plains on the sunny day.", "Several giraffe on the savannah on a sunny day.", "A giraffe looks out from between two trees.", "A giraffe standing in a field next to a forest."]
["Seven giraffe are standing around a bush in a field.", "A herd of giraffe standing next to each other.", "very long and many giraffes in the green field", "Several giraffes are strolling around in a grassy field.", "The giraffes look like they may be having a conversation."]
["A stoplight on yellow during a snowy day.", "A traffic light on a snowy road shows yellow.", "A stop ight in a snowy street lights up", "A traffic light sitting on the side of a street.", "The stop light has snow accumulating on it."]
["A blue and yellow bus traveling down a street.", "A blue and yellow bus is pulled alongside a curb.", "A blue and yellow long bus is by a bus stop.", "A bus at a stop on the side of the street.", "A bus arrives at a stop to pick up passengers."]
["A wooden park bench sitting in the middle of a forest.", "a wooden park bench under  colorful tree", "THERE IS A BENCH THAT IS ON THE LEAVES", "A park bench beneath a tree with red leaves.", "Picture of a park bench surround by trees with coloring leaves"]
["a large bus with two levels is parked outside", "A red double-decker bus on a London street.", "A red double decker tour bus in London, England.", "A double high bus that is sitting in the street.", "A double decker bus in the street near a building. "]
["A bright street at night with several cars passing by.", "Cars drive down a street next to the ocean.", "Cars are moving fast along this street at twilight. ", "it's dusk and people are out and about", "A city street at night lined with street lights."]
["A double sized transit bus followed by a double deck bus.", "Two buses, one extended, one double decker, make their way through an intersection with lots of pedestrians.", "An extra-long bus turns a corner with a double decker bus behind.", "A view of a busy intersection in a city where buses are driving by. ", "Two buses are traveling on a busy street."]
["the green double decker  bus is parked and ready to go.", "a green double decked bus with one passenger", "A green and white double decker bus parked on pavement.", "Green two story bus parked in front of a sidewalk near a bike rack.", "A green double deck bus parked next to a railing. "]
["A large white double decker bus traveling past a tall building.", "A city bus makes its way down the street.", "Double decker bus moving down a small city road. ", "A double decker bus driving down a busy city street", "A double-decker bus in transit in the city."]
["A transit bus sitting at one of its stops on the side of a street.", "A bus traveling down the street, during the night.", "a big bus that is parked next to a building", "A bus is parked on the road next to a building.", "A bus stopped on a busy city street near some pedestrians."]
["A white, red and blue bus on street next to people walking.", "A large white bus is traveling through the city streets.", "A pink and white bus is going down the street.", "A city bus in a downtown area heating to Baliaffray.", "A bus driving across a parking lot with waiting passengers."]
["Two green buses parked along the side of a city street.", "Two green buses are parked on the street by a sidewalk.", "Two green buses are parked in single file.", "Two green buses parked on the side of a road in a city.", "Two buses are parked on the street by a building."]
["Passengers are waiting on a green double decker bus", "Double Decker bus at station with passengers preparing to board.", "A green double-decker bus with people getting on it.", "A group of people and a large green bus.", "A bus is stopping to pick up a group of passengers."]
["Double-decker bus driving down a crowded city street.", "Busy city intersection with a lot of people out at night. ", "A double decker bus driving throughout the city at night. ", "Many pedestrians are out at night in a city.", "People gather at a street corner waiting to cross."]
["There are a lot of buses lined up on the street", "A car drives beside a long line of buses", "City buses lines up at the station on a foggy morning.", "many public transit buses in a city street", "a car passing a long line of parked buses"]
["A group of three parked buses in front of a tall building.", "The city buses are pulled over the side of the road. ", "three blue and white buses are parked on the side of the street and buildings", "Several city busses are lines up along a city street.", "Several buses are lining up on the street."]
["A cement bench near a railing that overlooks a large body of calm water.", "View off the side of the bridge looking into the ocean. ", "a memorial bench overlooking a body of water", "A concrete bench is in front of the water.", "A concrete bench sits near the ocean on a sunny day."]
["A city bus is slowly making its way down a very crowded street. ", "This is a crowded street in a busy city. ", "A large group of people on the street.", "A large number of people walk along all sides of a busy street.", "a green and red bus street lights people and cars on  a street"]
["A horned ram and a sheep grazing in a fenced field.", "some sheep chillin a pasture eattin some blades of grass ", "Two sheep grazing next to a white fence", "Sheep, one in mixed brown and white fleece and long horns, the other in beige fleece grazing on grass.", "Two adult sheep eat at the green grass."]
["A bench near a bank of water with posts in the water.", "Water has risen out of the banks and into the seating area.", "Bench sitting in flood waters from near by river.", "A bench looking out onto a flooded river. ", "A steel bench overlooks a flooded swamp like area."]
["A red traffic light sitting over the top of a street.", "The view through a car windshield of a sunrise or sunset at a red light.", "A view through a windshield of a traffic light.", "A car stopped on the road at a red light", "A sunset can be seen through a car windshield."]
["A green shuttle bus taking a turn on a mountain road.", "A green bus driving down a road next to a forest.", "A bus is traveling on a road in the woods.", "a green shuttle bus parked at a sign ", "A transit bus pulling into a camp ground area."]
["City bus loading on a busy metropolitan street. ", "The bus is waiting for the crowd of passengers.", "A bus is parked next to the curb in a city.", "A bus on the left side and yellow cars on the right side of the road. ", "A bus at a bus stop along a street filled with taxis."]
["A large white bus and many cars on a road.", "A double decker bus travels through a city and approaches an intersection", "Double decker tourist bus near a traffic stop.", "A double decker pulls up to a bus stop.", "This double decker bus is merging into traffic on the paved roadway."]
["A bus pulling away from a bus stop with the destination marked on it.", "A passenger bus is being driven down a street.", "A blue and white bus driving through the city. ", "A close up of a white and blue city bus.", "A man driving a bus in Europe during a sunny day."]
["A red fire hydrant looms in front of a tall building.", "A red fire hydrant is shown with a building in the background.", "a close up of a fie hydrant with a building in the background", "An orange fire hydrant sitting below a tall building.", "An orange hydrant next to a large building"]
["A yellow city bus traveling down a busy street.", "A public transportation bus traveling down a city street.", "A yellow bus that says St Moritz is on the street.", "A bus driving down a street on a road.", "A bus is travelling in front of a car"]
["Luxury double decker bus ready to depart station. ", "A blue and white double decker bus is driving down a street.", "A double decker bus is driving down a bike lane.", "A double deck bus in a parking space under cloudy skies.", "A double decker bus with passengers drives down the street."]
["There is a two level tour bus in the street.", "A double bus with some passengers, is traveling down the road. ", "A double-decker bus with few passengers aboard drives down the road.", "A bus with two floors stands stopped near some cars.", "A double decker bus is traveling down the road ."]
["A fire truck parked next to a fire hydrant.", "A man walks down an empty sidewalk next to a large truck.", "A man walks on the sidewalk beside a large truck.", "A fireman walking beside a firetruck in a neighborhood.", "A young man walking down the street passed a parked fire truck."]
["A red bus is parked on the side of the road. ", "City bus pulled up next to a stop, waiting for people to enter", "A street scene shows a red and white bus with trees, a bus stop area, and a brick tower around the periphery.", "a red and gray bus stopped at the bus stop", "A city bus making a stop at a bus stop."]
["A fire hydrant covered in snow on a sidewalk.", "A fire hydrant is sitting on the sidewalk in the snow.", "A fire hydrant on a city street on a snowy day.", "Snowing on a city street with hydrant covered in snow.", "A red fire hydrant is being buried by a snow storm."]
["A fire hydrant in the grass behind a fence.", "Black and white photograph of a fence next to a fire hydrant.", "View of a tall fire hydrant behind the fence", "A fire hydrant in grass is near a fence post.", "A fire hydrant sitting next to a fence in a field."]
["A long bus drives through a wide city street", "A bus with a second bus connected to it is driving on a city street.", "A very long blue city bus driving down the road.", "A very long blue bus traveling down a road next to a tall building.", "Two blue buses parked at a bus stop."]
["An open roofed, double-decker tour bus displaying a vivid ad across one side enters a downtown intersection.", "A red double decker tour bus decorated with a blue ad drives down the street.", "A double decker bus with a very large ad. ", "A large extended blue bus going through an intersection.", "A double decker bus with advertising on the side "]
["A person who is sitting on a bench with pigeons around them.", "The old woman is feeding the birds in the street.", "A courtyard, full of poles, pigeons, and garbage cans, also has benches on either side of it, one of which shows the back of a large person facing in the direction of the pigeons. ", "An individual sitts at a city park while birds gather around.", "A person sits on the sidewalk bench near a flock of birds."]
["A red bus stopped at a bus stop near a building.", "A bus that is parked on the side of the road letting passengers on. ", "A bus pulled off to the side of the road to get a new passenger.", "a red bus moving around the street with very many people", "People getting on the bus at a bus stop"]
["A couple of giraffe standing next to a forest.", "Two giraffes that are standing in a field together.", "two giraffes some grass and lots of trees", "a couple of giraffes that are standing out in a field", "Giraffes in the grass on a sunny day "]
["A tour bus is parked along a curb.", "A red bus is parked on the side of the road. ", "A tour bus is parked on a tree lined street.", "A bus sits parked next to a stand of trees. ", "a red white and black bus and some bushes and trees"]
["A crowd of people standing outside of a parked bus.", "a number of people near a bus on a street", "a crowd of people getting onto a bus", "A large group of people wait to board the city bus.", "A crowd of people are filing into a city bus."]
["A herd of white sheep standing on top of a green field.", "Several sheep standing and grazing in a field. ", "Six sheep with black legs and heads standing and grazing in grass field.", "Several black and white sheep are grazing in a field", "A flock of sheep grazing in a pasture."]
["A flock of cute sheep in a rocky field at twilight.", "a herd of sheep walk through a grassy area", "A small heard of sheep staring at the camera through the mist.", "four sheep in a field standing in the foggy mist", "A group of four sheep in a grass field area with trees in the background."]
["A fire hydrant that is partially buried in snow.", "A red, white and blue fire hydrant in a pile of snow.", "a bunch of snow piled around a bright fire hydrant ", "A red fire hydrant is peeking out of the snow.", "A red and blue fire hydrant covered in snow. "]
["A red fire hydrant is in the snow near a mountain.", "A firehydrant sitting in some grass and snow", "a red fire hydrant sitting in the middle of a snow covered field.", "A red fire hydrant is sitting on snowy grass.", "A red fire hydrant sitting in the snow."]
["a yellow and blue fire hydrant by the curb", "A yellow and blue fire hydrant place on a side walk. ", "A telephone booth next to a yellow fire hydrant.", "A blue and yellow fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.", "a green phone booth and yellow fire hydrant on city street"]
["There's a yellow fire hydrant with blue trim o ntop", "A yellow and blue hydrant situated on a city sidewalk.", "There is a phone booth and a fire hydrant on the sidewalk.", "A yellow and blue hydrant is on the sidewalk of a street.", "A yellow fire hydrant with a blue top is in the middle of the sidewalk."]
["a green and white bus pulling up to a bus stop in a city", "A green and white bus driving down a street.", "A modern commuter bus and some passengers at a bus stop", "A green bus is pulling up to a curb.", "A hybrid bus bound for the village of Voorschoten in the Netherlands."]
["A very long blue and white bus pulling out of a parking lot.", "a public transit bus on a city street ", "A double bus is coming around a street corner near a traffic light.", "A bus that is sitting in the street.", "A large public bus turning onto a road."]
["A blue bus driving down a curvy street.", "A bus driving in a bus lane on a busy street.", "A blue bus with windows is parked and behind it is a blue walking ramp.", "A bus drives down the street under a bridge. ", "A blue Liner bus traveling down the street."]
["A parking lot filled with buses parked next to each other.", "The buses are going around the corner in formation.", "A photo taken from a bus looking at the other buses behind.", "A lot of buses that are in a parking lot.", "Busses are parked by a large building structure."]
["An empty boat on in the water with birds perched on the side.", "Birds siiting on a boat that is in the water.", "Several birds perched on a boat in the water.", "An empty gray boat has birds on it.", "A dingy with some pigeons on it in the water"]
["A bus that is driving on the street.", "A lot of buses picking up people at a stop.", "a public transit bus driving near a building", "A destination bus leaves the bus terminal outside the USA.", "A bus is coming that says 36 bonne buiksloot"]
["A bus that is sitting in the street.", "A bus sitting at the curb next to a stop.", "Bus parked next to a side walk on the road.", "a big bus that is parked next to a building", "a blue bus is coming down the street"]
["City buses are parked at the bus station", "This is some busses in front of a building.", "Three parked buses in a parking lot with a building in the background.", "three passenger buses at the bus terminal waiting for customers ", "Three commuter buses sitting outside of a building."]
["A bus is driving down a narrow street.", "A community transit bus is heading to Sohiphol.   ", "A blue bus stopped on the street of a city", "A city bus moving down a city street on the sidewalk nearby", "A bus that is sitting in the street."]
["A small bus driving past a very tall pole.", "this is a street with a couple busses riding down it", "The small bus is driving on the street.", "A mini-bus is driving down a busy street.", "a green and black city bus riding in the street "]
["Two buses that are sitting under a metal frame.", "Several buses are parked near each other in this photo.", "A bus yard filled with lots of different buses.", "a couple of buss's inline for a toll station", "some buses parked in a bus depot in fall"]
["there is a very colorful bus coming up the street", "A bus sitting at a bus station with a metal and glass covering.", "A city bus driving under a canopy on a city street.", "A very big bright colored city bus on the road.", " A public transportation bus is driving down the road.  "]
["The white van is driving past the red fire hydrant.", "A red fire hydrant at a street corner", "A fire hydrant sits along a busy street.", "A red fire hydrant on a street with a map and car behind it.", "a re fire hydrant by a sign and a white van is passing"]
["a public transit bus on a city street ", "One bus after another takes on passengers at the terminal.", "A bus traveling down the road with another behind it.", "The white and blue bus is driving down the road", "a couple of buses that are out front of a building"]
["A person wearing a backpack stands in front of a bus driving by on a city street.", "A blue and green bus turning down a city road.", "A blue and yellow mass transit bus turning a corner.", "A blue and light green bus parked at a terminal.", "A blue bus sitting in a parking lot"]
["City buses prepare to leave the bus station", "Two passenger buses traveling in a metropolitan area.", "The city bus is driving near an elevated metro train.", "One red commuter bus is leaving the terminal.", "A red and white bus ahead of a green bus. "]
["A group o sheep with blue markings in a grassy field.", "many sheep with blue stripes on their backs", "A herd of sheep  grazing in the shade in  a field.", "A group of sheep with blue lines painted on them standing in a ravine.", "a group of white sheep with blue lines painted on their fur grazing on a green grass field."]
["An area with rocks on the ground and a dog sitting on them. ", "A black bird flies away from a sitting dog.", "The cat is waiting patiently on the rocky surface.", "a black bird flying away from a black and white dog", "a dog on a gravel ground with water near by"]
["a fire hydrant sitting next to a sidewalk with trees and an apartment building in the  background", "There is a concrete sidewalk with a red fire hydrant next to it.", "Fire hydrant next to a well groomed sidewalk in a residential neighborhood.", "The fire hydrant is pretty far from the road.", "A red fire hydrant by a tree-lined sidewalk near a red brick mansion."]
["A red fire hydrant in front of a shopping center.", "The front view of South Common Centre, with a car and a cart outside in the snow, ", "A red fire hydrant outside a shopping center.", "A shopping cart and a fire hydrant near the South Common Centre.", "A picture of a building outside in the snow."]
["A dog walking down the street with a bunch of birds flying around.", "A dog is walking while a bunch of pigeons are flying overhead.", "A dog walks down a trail as birds fly away. ", "A dog is walking through the park next to the fence.", "A black and white dog is walking on a narrow roadway as pigeons fly above him."]
["Pedestrian with rolling suitcase heading towards busses in urban setting.", "A person waiting to get on a bus.", "a woman with a suitcase and some buses and buildings", "A woman walking across a sidewalk pulling a bag of luggage behind her.", "A lady is standing outside in front of a bus station."]
["A fire truck near a yellow fire hydrant. ", "A yellow fire hydrant next to a fire hydrant ", "A fire truck parked next to a yellow fire hydrant.", "The side of a fire truck in front of a fire hydrant. ", "A fire truck is beside a yellow fire hydrant."]
["A fire hydrant is in the dark by a sidewalk.", "a fire hydrant near a walking path near trees", "Night time scene of pathway in snowy area.", "A fogged residential and forest street scenic with sidewalk.", "A path next to a street in winter."]
["A fire hydrant that is sitting near a car.", "The fire hydrant is next to flowers beside a parking lot. ", "A red fire hydrant next to some pretty red flowers.", "Vehicles parked in a lot adjacent to thick bushes. ", "a car parked next to a red fire hydrant"]
["Two metal warning street signs under tree branches.", "A red white and black street sign with a person running", "A street sign warns people may run in front of you.", "A crosswalk sign over another sign in a town.", "A white sign with red border showing a silhouette of a child running."]
["an image of a tourbus stopping on a route", "A two stories bus is parked on the side of the street. ", "A red and white double decker bus on street next to tree.", "Red double decker bus waiting to load passengers\n", "a red double decker bus going around a corner"]
["A bicycle parking sign on a pole at the corner of a street.", "A black lamppost with a white traffic sign on side of street.", "A bicycle sign is attached to a telephone pole.", "A pole near the curb with a bicycle sign on it. ", "a post with signs is near a fire hydrant"]
["A giraffe that is standing in the grass.", "this is a giraffe standing in the water", "Giraffe standing in grassy area near wall in outdoor area.", "A giraffe looking to its left in a zoo pin.", "A single giraffe standing by the fence outside."]
["Two blue buses are seen parked next to each other.", "Two tour bus's sitting on the Volvo parking lot.", "A couple of large blue buses are parked outside of a building.", "Two blue buses parked in front of a Volvo store. ", "A couple of buses parked in front of a building."]
["A man wearing glasses with a bird over his right shoulder.", "There is a man with a bird on his shoulder.", "A green bird sitting on top of a desk chair.", "A parrot sits on the back of a chair looking at a man that's wearing glasses.", "A man takes a picture of himself with a bird on the back of his chair"]
["A close-up of a tropical bird with a mirror behind it.", "A small yellow and brown bird standing in front of a mirror.", "A red and orange parakeet in front of a mirror.", "a bird with a mohawk stands in front of a plate", "A Grey and Yellow cockatoo standing in place."]
["A vase filled with flowers sitting on top of a window sill.", "An odd plant is next to a window pane.", "a window a flower vase a fence some grass and trees", "A vase on a window sill in a room.", "A backyard image taken from inside of a house."]
["A bus driving across a cross walk near a tall building.", "A bus travelling through an intersection with a beer advertisement on the side of the bus. ", "A Nashville bus with a big ad for Coors Light on the side. ", "This is a bus with a Titans themed advertisement for Coors Light on the side.", "A beer advertisement on the side of a passenger bus."]
["A bus pulls up to a group of people and a sidewalk.", "A red and white train traveling through a city street.", "THERE ARE CITY BUSES ON THE STREET LINED ", "A long red bus stops on a narrow one way street where only it can go.", "A bus drives along a narrow street and people are walking on the sidewalks on either side of the road."]
["A bus and taxis on the road in the city. ", "A very big busy city street at night with traffic.", "The city bus is stuck in traffic this time of night. ", "Blue and white bus on a busy street at night.", "A long city bus pulls away from the curb into traffic."]
["two giraffes in a field with many trees", "Two giraffes walk on green grass in their zoo enclosure", "Two giraffes walking around an enclosure with each other", "Two large giraffe are walking close to a dead tree.", "The two giraffes are perched on the wood."]
["A busy residential street with parked cars on the sides.", "A long street with one car turning around in the middle.", "A car blocking a city street parked horizontally.", "A street lined with parked cars and trees", "Busy city street with parked cars leading up a steep hill. "]
["A street sign covered in stickers under a breezeway.", "Many stickers are placed over the warning sign.", "a street sign with a bunch of stickers on it ", "A sign near a building with stickers on it ", "A sign with many different stickers placed on it."]
["A giraffe stands next to a tree and a lake.", "A tall giraffe standing next to a lake filled with water.", "A giraffe standing alert next to a body of water.", "A giraffe standing near a tree by a body of water.", "A giraffe in a field next to tree and body of water."]
["Birds walking around on a large rock by the ocean", "Many ducks are congregating on the  island in the sea.", "THERE ARE A LOT OF BIRDS THAT ARE STANDING ON THE HILL", "a group of birds line up on a cliff in front of the ocean", "A flock of sea birds lines the ground along a rocky shoreline."]
["A street sign on a tree lined Japanese street.", "A blue street sign in front of trees and buildings. ", "The city bus passes beneath a street sign.", "A street sign that is on a street.", "We see a street sign with houses in the background."]
["A giraffe with its head cocked walking about a sandy area.", "A giraffe is standing outside near some rocks.", "The giraffe is bowing it's head down while it's walking. ", "A giraffe in a valley surrounded by rocks.", "an image of a giraffe hunched over on dirt floor"]
["two giraffes are walking around in their pen ", "A couple of giraffe standing next to each other.", "A pair of giraffes stand under a canopy together.", "Two giraffes are standing outside the umbrella. ", "two giraffes under a tent at a zonn"]
["Two giraffes are housed in a pen. ", "Two giraffes stand next to each other by some trees.", "The giraffes are just standing around in the zoo.", "Two tall giraffes standing next to one another.", "A large giraffe walking on a dirty lot next to a forest."]
["A street sign on a city street with tall buildings.", "A sign with some buildings in the background.", "The elevated sign is near very tall buildings.", "A Beale sign is next to a large red building. ", "a big sign hanging up above the street "]
["A small bird is perched on a leafless twig.", "A small bird standing on a small branch.", "Small black and white bird sitting on a thin branch.", "A professional quality picture of a bird on a branch.", "A black, white and tan bird sitting on a limb."]
["Some fancy dressed folks on some horses in a crowd.", "A man on a horse in riding gear looking onward.", "Several riders on horse back interacting with a crowd.", "Two people on horses surrounded by a crowd of people.", "Old man in green rides horse with another horse in tow"]
["two colorful parrots sitting on some tree branches while one chews on it ", "Some colorful birds standing on some tree branches", "A blue and yellow parrot grabs a tree branch with its beak.", "Two beautiful macaws are sitting on some tree branches,", "This is a parrot gnawing on a branch while another parrot watches."]
["There is a bird that is on a branch sitting looking", "A small red and gray bird on top of a branch.", "A bird with an orange beak sitting on a tree branch.", "A small yellow and red finch resting on a branch.", "there is a small bird that is standing on the branch"]
["Two No Parking Signs emphasize the law on this street.", "a wall with the words no parking on this street.", "a wall with a no parking sign near a no parking sign", "Parking sign sitting in front of huge no parking sign on the wall behind it. ", "A no parking sign next to a wall proclaiming \"NO PARKING ON THIS STREET\""]
["This is an image of a sign to pay here to park.", "A sign that says Pay Here To Park", "A street sign shows drivers where to pay to park.", "A parking sign notifying to pay here to park.", "A blue sign that says to pay here to park."]
["A traffic light in South Venice with road signs", "Street light with street signs that restrict traffic.", "A traffic signal handing over the top of a street.", "A pole that has a traffic light and many different signs. ", "A one way, left turn only, straight only, no right turn, street sign and traffic light."]
["Man walking by red sign on sidewalk by window of building while another looks on.", "A man walks past a closed store front.", "A sign with a big letter \"P\" to indicate parking spaces on the side of a street.", "An empty storefront that a man is checking on.", "Two men walking down a sidewalk past a vacant building."]
["A road sign next to a parking lot that reads \"FLAMING LIPS ALLEY\".", "a street sign behind a white truck on a busy road", "Cars are parked at the intersection of Mickey and Flaming Lips Alley.", "Two comical street signs are marking the intersection in a commercial area.", "Street signs at an intersection on a day without clouds in the sky."]
["A large building has a Glass business logo on it.", "A unique sign advertising a glass repair company.", "Large commercial signage painted on brick building with windows.", "A funny storefront sign and motto on the building.", "A building with a sign that reads \"universal glass let us see your crack.\""]
["Sheep and rams grazing on a stony hillside.", "A small herd of animals stand on a rocky path.", "Various sheep are standing near a small puddle. ", "Herd of sheep wandering around rocky area in countryside.", "A group of goats are standing on a rocky hill."]
["A flock of pink flamingos stand with their heads resting on their backs.", "A group of pink flamingos wade in water.", "a group of pink flamingos standing in some water", "A flock of sleeping pink flamingos is pictured.", "Pink flamingos gather to sleep with their heads  tucked under their wings."]
["A green cake that is shaped to be a train", "A cake in the shape of a train engine.", "a cake in the form of a train sits on a cook tray", "A cake shaped as a train of some sort.", "A cake made in the shape of a train locomotive."]
["A large colorful parrot is perched on a tree limb.", "A colorful parrot sitting on a branch next to a tree.", "a brightly colored  bird sitting on a tree branch", "A very colorful bird perched on a tree branch", "A multi-colored bird sits on a tree branch."]
["A man riding a bike next to a red stop sign.", "The view of a bicycle rider in a side view mirror.", "A bicyclist shows his reflection in the rear view mirror.", "A driver sees a man on a bicycle in the side mirror of his car.", "A man on a bike in the reflection of a car mirror"]
["A close shot of two separate trains. ", "Commuter trains on tracks next to paved platform.", "The side of a train that is passing another train.", "two passenger trains passing by each other on some tracks ", "A large long train on a steel track."]
["A busy street covered in various traffic signs and advertisements.", "A crowded market area of one of the east Asian countries.", "A cityscape of Hong Kong replete with neon signs.", "Stores, people, street signs and cars on a street.", "A picture of a busy asian street with a sign sayig \"Sasa\"."]
["A red stop sign on the side of a brick road.", "There are signs on a cobble stone sidewalk", "A stop sign on the corner of a cobblestone street", "There are many signs and stop lights on the deserted street.", "An empty street intersections with various signage and buildings."]
["A flock of birds sitting on top of a large rock.", "A view of a bunch of seagulls sitting on a  ledge near the ocean.", "a group of penguins standing by the ocean.", "many birds at the beach and others flying over it", "a bunch of birds are standing out on a beach"]
["A tiny bat is held by someone with a camera", "An uncommon picture of a single person inside this picture.\n", "A man gently attempts to feed a baby bird. ", "a man stretching out a live bats wings", "A man holds a small animal in front of a camera."]
["A flock of ducks splashing and playing in the water.", "A large flock of birds landing in the water.", "The flock of birds are feeding in the water.", "The birds are eagerly waiting for their food to arrive.", "Several birds resting in or hovering over water "]
["A black and red small train in shopping area.", "A train is passing by while others stand around at an outdoor shopping place. ", "People are standing by a small passenger train.", "a small train on a city street with people near by", "A group of people near a  small railroad train in a mall"]
["Two puffins sitting in some grass on a mountain.", "Two black, white and orange stand on the grass near a cliff.", "A couple of birds hanging out on a hill side.", "Two birds are sitting on the edge of a crevice.", "Two birds with orange beaks stand on the side of a steep hill."]
["A highway with a Rue Paul St. sign beside it.", "A highway with a sign for a Rue Paul St exit.", "A view of a highway sign indicating \"Rue Paul St\".", "a street sign that is standing next to a road", "A large exit sign on side of the road."]
["A train sitting in the middle of a train station next to a platform.", "A subway train at a train stop light. ", "A grey metro style train near a train station.", "A train stopped at a empty train station.", "A silver train is at a train station"]
["the people are standing on a train track ", "A person stands next to a train parked on tracks", "A man in uniform is standing near a track as a train approaches. ", "A man standing on top of  train tracks near a train.", "A person standing next to a large train."]
["A passenger train is traveling over a bridge.", "A train on the tracks up on a bridge.", "A New York S subway train crossing a bridge", "A train going down the train tracks across a bridge. ", "A light rail going across an old bridge and people are looking out of the window."]
["Train on track as it approaches a bridge.", "A passenger train crosses an old city bridge.", "A subway train above ground near a bridge over water", "A train traveling from the tracks  onto a bridge.", "Train traveling along a track getting ready to cross a bridge over the water."]
["A commuter train going across a bridge next to a road", "A train traveling across a bridge over a river.", "Commuter train crossing an unusually designed bridge, next to empty roadway.", "A passenger train is going down the track next to a road.", "a bus passes over a bridge, under an arch."]
["A no parking sign posed on the side of a street.", "The sign instructs not to park in the area.", "A no parking sign in front of a park", "a pole with a no parking sign ", "an electric parking sign on the side of the road"]
["a big long bridge walkway over some green trains", "A miniature model of a train scene is displayed.", "some people buildings and two green train cars", "A couple of green model trains parked next to each other.", "a bunch of stairs sit over a train "]
["a man in a hat is in a crowd", "A man has a suit and old fashioned hat on.", "a close up of a person with a suit and a hat", "A man wearing a hat looking at something as other people stand in the background. ", "a man with a top hat standing in a group of people"]
["A passenger train traveling through a tunnel covered with a forest.", "a train traveling  past a signal light into a dark tunnel.", "A train is entering a historical tunnel covered topped with greenery.", "A passenger train heading into a tunnel. ", "A train is entering a tunnel under a bridge."]
["A retail sign is hanging above a stop sign alert for added effect.", "A street pole with a street sign stating a stop sign ahead.", "A picture of a street sign by a street.", "A stop sign ahead sign with a sign above that.", "A yellow and red street sign mounted on a pole."]
["A seagull standing near a body of water. ", "A pigeon siting on the boating deck with one foot in the water", "A seagull is standing on a dock by the water.", "A seagull standing on a dock in front of the water.", "A couple of white and gray birds sitting on a dock next to a lake."]
["Group of young men standing in fenced area with skateboards.", "Onlookers and a crowd of boys waiting to ride skate boards.", "A group of guys each with a skateboard.", "They get together with their friends to ride their skateboards.", "this is a group of boys with their boards"]
["A small train traveling past a building surrounded by a fence.", "The engineer and driver stand on the engine of a miniature train.", "a black and red train a building people and some roses", "A small passenger train sits on tracks near a fence and rose bushes. ", "There are two males on a vintage red train."]
["A traffic light and a large train on a track.", "A train traveling down tracks next to a green traffic light.", "A train on train tracks above the street while it is snowing.", "A view of a train and a city street while it's snowing. ", "Train moving along snow covered tracks as cars move on street next to them"]
["A grey brown bird perched in a pine tree", "a small bird sits on a tree branch ", "A bird sitting on a branch looking away.", "A bird is perched on a tree branch.", "A bird is perched on a branch of a tree."]
["A train traveling down the train tracks next to a train station.", "The view of the outside from inside a train.", "Train carts captured from out of a train window.", "A look from outside a train window into the train yard.", "View out a window of a train on one of several tracks."]
["A line of buses waiting to take passengers where they need to go.", "A street with traffic stopped by a person directing traffic.", "A city bus with a car and several people in a city", "A person in a reflective vest stands in the street near a row of buses.", "a public transit bus on a city street "]
["a street sign on a sidewalk next to a stone wall", "Caution sign next to banners hanging above a wall.", "A sign in front of a brick wall that says accident prone zone", "A brick wall and several warning signs nearby.", "A street sign near a block wall with a trash container."]
["A vandalized school zone sign attached to a pole.", "A red and white sign telling people what to do.", "a close up of a street sign near many trees ", "This sign tells drivers they are driving through a school zone and to go slow. ", "A red triangle warning sign says school zone."]
["A light that is shining on a sign.", "a sign showing that smoking is prohibited there", "a sign showing that  smoking is prohobited there", "A no parking sign is mounted on the wall behind a lamp. ", "A No Parking sign sits inside of a room."]
["A gray and yellow train traveling along the tracks", "A yellow train stopped at a station by itself", "A train makes its way through the terminal.", "A yellow and silver train pulling away from a train station.", "A train coming down the tracks, entering into a train station."]
["a train on a train track at a train station ", "A bunch of people wait as the train approaches the station.", "A train is pulling into an empty station,", "A busy passenger train station with a train pulling in.", "A train is going under a passenger zone area."]
["A train coming down the tracks by a road ", "A man is close to a train on the tracks.", "a trainman switching the tracks for the train", "A train traveling down tracks through a forest.", "The train attendant, a switchman, is changing the signal"]
["Train traveling through countryside near tall brick structure.", "an overhead view of a train on a train track", "A train on a track passes through a green area next to a stone castle.", "Train comes down tracks in front of old castle.", "A blue train is going on the tracks by an old building."]
["A semi truck riding on top of a faerie.", "A big rig truck on a water fiery. ", "FERRY BOAT BRIDGE DOWN TURNS STOP SIGNS SIDEWAYS", "A truck sits on a ferry near a bridge on a body of water.", "A fuel truck is aboard a ferry and riding to the other side."]
["A tow truck driving past a very old stop sign.", "A red stop sign sitting on the side of a road.", "A flat bed truck is driving past a stop sign.", "A work truck is driving down a dirt road, past a stop sign.", "A stop sign at an intersection with a truck going by to the right "]
["A train traveling down tracks next to maintenance workers.", "Several men standing around and working on a train that is sitting on tracks.", "Some workers are working near the railroad tracks.", "People in orange vests working in a rail yard.", "Men are walking on the tracks near a train."]
["A stop sign that has been written on with a black marker.", "Some graffiti is sprayed on a stop sign. ", "A stop sign with writings on it and a building in the background.", "A stop sign with the phrase \"hammer time\" written on it. ", "Stop sign near brick building and fenced area on treed street where someone has vandalized the sign to say \"stop, hammer time\" after MC Hammer's past music hit."]
["A post with a no right turn sign and a stop signs with stickers", "A no right turn sign sitting above a stop sign covered with stickers.", "a stop sign and no right run sign in a big city.", "A stop sign and a no right turn sign are posted on a city street.", "A stop sign and no right turn sign with buildings in background."]
["A stop sign has been bombarded with bumper stickers.", "A stop sign is covered with stickers and graffiti.", "a vandalized stop sign with many stickers on it", "a red and white stop sign covered with stickers and a street sign", "A street sign sits on a pole above a stop sign which is covered in stickers with a building in the background"]
["Emergency paramedic medical workers caring for an infant on a train station walkway. ", "Three people attending to a kid next to a train", "A group of paramedics tending to a man sitting on the ground.", "a couple of guys that have emt equipment", "a couple of paramedics look to help a man"]
["A group of men standing on a street corner next to a stop sign.", "A street corner with a stop sign and other traffic signage.", "people walking by a pole with  a lot of street signs on it", "People gather by a stop sign under two one way signs.", "a stop sight and street sings on a street corner"]
["A train engine carrying carts down a track.", "A blue, yellow and red train driving through on a train track. ", "A train traveling down tracks near lots of trees.", "there is a multi colored train coming up the tracks", "A train coming down the tracks with its lights on."]
["a train on a train track with trees in the background", "Electronic lights show caution as a train travels forward.", "A train running down a railroad track towards a stop.", "A train is approaching on the tracks during the day.", "A black train approaching a train station stop."]
["A stop sign with an \"eating animals\" sticker on it.", "A stop sign with a sticker with the words \"eating animals\" underneath it.", "Vandalized Stop sign with a sticker reminding people to STOP [EATING ANIMALS].", "A sticker promoting vegetarianism has been placed on a stop sign.", "A red stop sign with an eating animals sticker taped on it "]
["A child's steam engine train sitting on train tracks.", "A train approaching alongside a sidewalk where people are standing.", "A small train at a station with people standing around it.", "People are gathered on a platform near a steam powered train.", "a train on a train track at a train station"]
["A big locomotive stopped in a train station", "A train pulls in next to a platform.", "A black train at a standstill  on the train tracks. ", "A black train pulling up to a station to let people on.", "A black train travels past another parked train on railroad tracks."]
["A man with his back to the camera watching an oncoming train. ", "Is that man waiting to board that train?", "A train coming to the train station. ", "A train is approaching towards the station where a man is standing.", "A man is watching a train come towards him on the tracks."]
["A stop sign showing you should walk across the road", "A suburban street intersection with a stop sign.", "A stop sign at an intersection advising that bikes are to be walked across the road.", "A red stop sign above a white walk across road sign.", "The STOP sign is above the  Walk Bicycle Across the Road sign."]
["There is a crowd of people waiting for the train. ", "A crowd of people take pictures of a departing train.", "A group of people on a train platform taking pictures of a departing train", "Several people taking photos with their cell phones at a train depot.", "There are many people standing on the platform awaiting a train"]
["There are several people standing at the end of a train going to Rockaway.", "a group of men wearing eye glasses and ties on a train", "Some people standing on a train on railroad tracks", "Four persons in a train going to Rockaway.", "A group of men on the back of a train."]
["A yellow and green train on a train track.", "Trains parked in between platforms in a station.", "A turquoise and yellow subway cart in a station.", "An train waiting at the train depot with no passengers", "Yellow and green colored train sitting stationary underground. "]
["A train is being doodled with green and blue.", "A graffiti design is painted on the side of this bus. ", "A colorful train is standing on the platform.", "A train on a rail line with paintings ", "A bus with graffitti written on the side if it "]
["Two green signs that are on top of a stop sign.", "The stop sign is posted near a field of brown grass. ", "A red stop sign with two green street signs sitting above it.", "A stop sign is placed next to a deserted road.", "A stop sign at the intersection of Stampede Road and Regulus Street."]
["a sign that is next to some trees", "Sign indicating no foot traffic, outside exclusive building", "A sign in front of a building says that it is a restricted area.", "A Stop sign sits above and AT&T sign", "A traffic sigh stating an area is restricted and no thru traffic is allowed."]
["A couple of people walking behind a stop sign near bushes.", "A couple of people walking past a red stop sign.", "A man and a woman are walking next to a stop sign.", "A woman with pink hair walking next to a man with a suitcase.", "A couple walk on the sidewalk past a stop sign."]
["A stop sign has had the O replaced with George W. Bush Jr's likeness.", "president G. Bush superimposed on a stop sign", "A stop sign that has been altered with an image of a former President.", "A stop sign at the intersection of two streets.", "a stop sign that has a picture of George Bush in place of the letter \"O\"."]
["A train signal sitting on the side of train tracks.", "Traffic light signaling green at the train tracks", "The railroad track runs by the edge of town.", "A green traffic light at a train yard by some tracks.", "A green light is on next to some tracks"]
["Subway train and tracks in an urban environment.  ", "A train is going on an above ground bridge.", "A train goes over a bridge in the middle of a city. ", "The view of a rail line in a city", "View of city and train moving on tracks."]
["Parallel parking between the meters on a city street.", "A car parked on the street by a parking meter.", "A car is parked next to a parking meter.", "This is a car parked in front of a parking meter.", "Multiple vehicles parked curbside next to parking meters."]
["A man standing on a subway train loading platform.", "People standing around with luggage and  backpacks.", "People in a station watch a train pass", "A man is standing in front of a passing train", "a man in a black jacket and a black and white train and some people with luggage"]
["A man is sitting on the back of a truck with other objects.", "A guy sitting on the back of a pick up truck.", "A man sits on the back of a pick up truck that is full of stuff. ", "A man sits in the back of a pick up truck filled with household items.", "A man sitting in the back of a truck with furniture. "]
["A man riding on the back of an orange fork lift.", "A toy forklift with a toy sitting inside.", "a model replica of a man sitting on a fork lift ", "A model figure on a toy tractor on a surface.", "a small metal toy lift truck that has a man operating it"]
["toy of tracks arranged in a straight line", "A row of very cute looking red fork lifts.", "Three orange forklifts in a building that is under construction.", "Some work vehicles are parked side by side", "Three orange hi-lo's sitting in a room. "]
["Yellow vehicle with surfboard tied to roof rack.", "A car on the beach with a surf board on its roof.", "A yellow SUV sits on a beach while the ocean lies calmly in the distance.", "Yellow Ford SUV on the beach with surfing gear on top", "A yellow car on the beach with a surfboard on top of it."]
["A man is in a truck open on the sides.", "A blue truck is filled with large bottles of water.", "A water delivery van full of bottles, with a driver.", "there is a blue truck that is carrying water", "A man in a truck filled with bottled water."]
["A parked car can be seen through a windshield.", "A red truck in the rearview mirror of a car.", "A white car driving down the road next to buildings.", "A person driving a car on the street with a white car in view", "A rear view mirror with a large red truck visible in it"]
["A small town grocery store beside a road.", "there is a truck that is parked outside of a store ", "An American flag flying from the top of a flag pole.", "A car and a truck parked in front of a small store.", "A picture of a small country store with a truck and car parked outside."]
["Two trucks parked on the side of the road near each other. ", "A truck is traveling down the street by the ocean.", "a bunch of parked vehicles on the street next to the ocean", "A blue car driving in front of a red truck.", "An old model truck and a bigger newer truck stopped at an intersection."]
["A herd of wild animals grazing on green grass next to a lake.", "Several cows graze near a river where a boat is floating.", "A group of farm animals grazing in a field next to a river with a boat traveling on it.", "Lake with boat in grassy fields with cows.", "A river bank where cattle are grazing and a boat is in the river. "]
["A bird standing on top of a lush green field.", "Two cows and an emu share a grassy riverbank.", "A large bird and some cows by the water.", "The three animals is in the field eating", "a bird is standing near a couple of cows"]
["there is a dog and a cat sitting in a basket", " a cat and dog resting side by side in a wicker basket", "A dog, and a cat share a basket.", "A dog and cat sit together in a basket.", "The small dog lies next to a kitten in the wicker basket."]
["A cat walking under a black open umbrella.", "A small cat in the grass next to an umbrella.", "The cat is walking under the umbrella on the grass.", "A cat in the grass next to a black open umbrella that is laying on the ground.", "A small cat stand underneath an open umbrella."]
["A cat sitting underneath a blue and white umbrella.", "A cat sitting on a wood floor under a white and blue umbrella.", "A kitten is sitting under an umbrella in the floor.", "A cat is sitting on the floor under an open umbrella.", "An umbrella with a cat sitting underneath it."]
["A very cute cat sitting by  a very pretty umbrella.", "A purple umbrella with a gray tabby cat.", "A gray and brown cat sitting under a purple umbrella.", "A cat sits under an umbrella on a table.", "A cat is sitting under a purple umbrella."]
["a cat laying under an umbrella on the ground", "A cat standing under a black umbrella on top of a floor.", "A dog sits under an umbrella in the bright sun. ", "an umbrella laying on the cemented ground casting a shadow", "Person sitting on floor under large open umbrella. "]
["a black cat lying under a black umbrella", "The black cat is sitting underneath an umbrella. ", "A cat that is laying underneath an umbrella.", "A black cat sitting under an umbrella on the floor. ", "A black cat laying on the floor under an umbrella."]
["A black cat sitting under an umbrella sitting on a table.", "A cat sitting underneath an umbrella, near a fan.", "A small black cat, sitting under an open umbrella that is resting on the floor.", "A black cat under an opened umbrella inside a house.", "A cat that is sitting underneath an umbrella."]
["A lush green field with lots of animals grazing on it.", "a bunch of animals that are in a field", "A herd of cows are in the green grass.", "A large herd of cows in a field roaming the land", "Fog hangs over a green field filled with cows."]
["Four people petting a brown cow with a bell around his neck. ", "Four people are standing around a brown cow.", "Cow being tended to by native tribe in wildlife setting.", "Africans in native dress working with a cow in a field", "Two men and a boy are examining a cow."]
["A cat that is in a piece of luggage.", "A black cat laying inside of a black piece of luggage.", "The cat is laying down in the suitcase. ", "A black cat peering out of a suit case with a scared look.", "a black cat lying in an empty suitcase peers out over the edge of the suitcase"]
["A cow standing on a barren grass field in the middle of a town.", "an animal sitting in a field ready to fight ", "A cow is walking through a dirt field near people's houses.", "A cow standing in an empty city block ", "A cow standing in a field near some trees."]
["A cat up on a desk drinking milk from a glass.", "A cat leaning on a table to drink a milk substance.", "there is a cat that is drinking milk from a glass", "A cat is drinking milk out of a glass.", "A grey tabby cat drunks from a goblet beside Christmas decorations."]
["A man wearing a Tour de France t-shirt stands beside a statue of a cow.", "A man standing next to a fake cow, and smiling for the camera.", "a male in a black shirt next to a cow and sign", "A man wearing a name tag while standing next to a cow statue.", "A man stands next to a plastic cow. "]
["A mack truck is pulled up to a station area where an employee opens the door. ", "The cement truck is parked with the door open. ", "A person standing beside a large white concrete truck.", "A man besides a construction truck on a near a loading dock.", "A cement truck that is in in a tunnel. "]
["A man and a dog hiking up a mountain", "a dog and a person stand on an edge with a mountainn in the back ground", "A backpacker and his dog are on a hike.", "A backpacker and his dog high up on a mountain", "A man and his dog hike on a mountain."]
["Two young men standing next to two dogs.", "Two mountain climbers with gear and two dogs.", "an image of two men that has two dogs ", "Two hikers are traveling with two well equipped dogs.", "There are two men standing on a mountain with a dog"]
["A cat sitting and curled up on a red couch", "A cat laying on a red couch sleeping. ", "a tan and black cat curled up asleep on a red velvet seat", "A cat is curled up on a red sofa.", "Cat curled up, sleeping on a red plush couch."]
["A truck is parked in the dirt by the tree.", "A jeep with a covering across the bottom front of it.", "This all terrain vehicle has been modified for off road use.", "A vehicle is parked alongside a dirt road.", "An old truck parked on a sandy trail next to a field. "]
["A cat laying on top of a car seat.", "a cat is laying out on a coach", "A cat laying down and staring at the camera.", "A very cute small cat laying down on a couch.", "A cat laying on th couch looking forward"]
["A large military jeep in front of another military convoy,", "A green jeep parked next to a transport truck.", "an army jeep in the parking lot of an armory ", "a green car is parked in a wet lot", "An olive green, military truck is parked on a rainy day.  "]
["A bearded man in glasses and his cat", "An older male taking a selfie with his cat", "A man taking a picture of himself and a cat.", "A man with glasses posing for a picture with a cat.", "A man with glasses and a cat staring. "]
["Fuzzy cat sitting outside on the window sill", "a cat standing on a window looking at the camera", "A cat sitting on a window pane staring at something in the distance.", "A white, brown and gray long haired cat sitting on a window ledge.", "Brown and white cat sitting on the ledge of a window. "]
["A cat in a black and white picture sleeping on a table. ", "A cat laying on a wooden shelf sleeping.", "A gray cat sleeping on the table next to a bottle", "A cat lying asleep on a desk by a water bottle.", "A black and white photo of a cat sleeping."]
["A young man leaing a cow down a rural country road.", "The boy is leading a spotted cow by a rope.", "a young boy holding onto a harness for a cow ", "An old photo of a boy leading a cow by a rope.", "A LITTLE WHITE BOY WALKING A BIG COW."]
["A yellow cat is watching a television from a desk.", "A cat laying on a couch watching a cat on T.V.", "A cat on a table watches a show on tv", "A large white cat sitting on a table in front of a TV.", "A cat looking at a television where another cat is pictured"]
["A man on a horse beside some cattle on a road.", "A large group of cows with very long horns being led down a street.", "A man rides a horse while driving longhorns down the street.", "A man in cowboy hat walking with a herd of cattle on street.", "A cowboy riding alongside a group of longhorns on a city street."]
["A cat on a bed looking at a laptop ", "A messy bed with a cat and laptop on top of it", "Could the cat have been working on laptop?", "a cat sits on a  bed in front of a laptop", "A cat that is sitting on a bed near a laptop."]
["A series of two photographs of a boat on a river.", "Two pictures of the same boat side by side", "Two shots of a boat traveling down a river", "The two identical images are of a speeding boat.", "Two images of the same boat with a painted face on the prow."]
["A cow with its baby nursing in a field.", "The suckling calf and mother cow are among the herd in the  grassy plain", "Young calf nursing off mom in a field.", "A calf that is nursing from his mother with other cows in an open field", "Cattle in an open field, with a calf nursing."]
["A small white and black dog standing next to a  busted up ship.", "A black and white puppy standing in front of a blue and red boat skeleton.", "A small black and white dog standing in front of a demolished red and blue boat.", "A black and white dog stands in a deserted location next to a dilapidated building ", "a old wooden boat that is destroyed on a grassy area near a black and white dog."]
["A cowboy riding a horse beside a herd of cattle.", "A cowboy in black riding a horse to round up some steers.", "A man riding on the back of a horse next to cattle.", "A man wrangling some cows on a horse.", "Man riding a horse down a herd of several different cows."]
["A man in cowboy hat riding a horse around cows.", "A man is trying to gather up his cattle.", "A man wearing a cowboy hat, riding a horse, with a herd of cattle.", "A man on a horse is rounding up cows.", "The cowboy is herding the cattle into a group."]
["A herd of cattle standing on top of a grass covered field.", "Cows are standing in a field behind a fence.", "cows standing in a field behind a fence.", "A couple of cows that are walking in a field.", "A longhorn with a large pair of horns standing in his pasture."]
["Two cows standing close to one another near a wire.", "A cow standing on some gravel next to another cow.", "one brown cow and one black cow standing in mud", "Two cows stand behind barbed wire in a gravel area.", "Two cows that are grazing near a barbwire fence."]
["A cow with black spots all over eating grass.", "Four cows eating grass on a sunny day.", "The cows are grazing in the sunlit pasture.", "A bunch of cows enjoying the grass and sunshine.", "Four cows graze in a field while the sun shines."]
["A black and white cow standing next to a barbed wire fence.", "A cow standing behind a barbed wire fence. ", "A cow is standing in a field near a wire fence.", "a cow stares outside of a fence ", "A cow in a field behind a single line of chicken wire. "]
["A cat is resting peacefully on a laptop while surfing the web.", "A cat laying on top of a computer keyboard.", "a cat is sleeping on top of a laptop keyboard", "a cat napping on the laptop while on firefox", "The cat is sleeping on the keyboard of the laptop."]
["A fluffy cat sitting on a laptop keyboard. ", "A cat sleeping on top of a computer on a table.", "A yellow cat sleeping on top of a laptop computer.", "Large orange cat sleeping on top of a laptop computer.", "A cat is sleeping on top of a computer keyboard ."]
["A cat on a table with a computer mouse.", "A orange and white cat laying on a computer mouse.", "A buff and white cat on a desk curls up with a computer mouse.", "A CAT WITH LYING BEHIND THE MOUSE ON A TABLE.", "A white cat lays with his head next to a mouse."]
["A beautiful young lady wearing a skirt standing with her legs spread apart.", "A young woman in plaid skirt at sunset", "A girl standing with a sunset in the background.", "Young woman with long legs in fashion business suit. ", "A woman is posing wearing a yellow shirt and a polka dot skirt"]
["A blue and white boat floating on top of water.", "A boat is lying on a beach by a lake.", "The sailboat became beached during the recent storm.", "A VERY SMALL COAT IS IN VERY SHALLOW WATER", "A small boat is anchored at the water's edge."]
["A couple of men standing in front of a horse near  couple of dogs and a tree.", "two dogs a horse two males and a girl", "Farmers long ago depended heavily on their horses.", "a little girl sitting on a horse by a tree ", "two men two dogs and a little girl on a horse"]
["A small boat leaning to it's side is on the beach.", "a boat beached on the sand with the sun and ocean in the background", "A small boat is on the sandy beach.", "A small boat filled with items is titled sideways on a beach underneath a mostly sunny sky.", "The sun shining down on a beach with a boat on it"]
["Woman in a red hat covering half her face and tie. ", "there is a woman wearing a hat and a tie", "A woman's eyes are hidden by the cast of a shadow.", "Woman wearing a hat wearing red lipstick and a tie.", "A close-up of a woman wearing a hat and tie."]
["Two elderly men sit on a bench holding canes.", "Two elderly men with canes sitting on a bench. ", "Two old men sitting on a bench outside with their canes. ", "Two old men sit next to each other on a bench.", "Two old men sitting on a park bench together."]
["THERE IS A BOY IN  A BLUE SWEATER LOOKING AT SOMETHING", "A young boy wearing a blue sweater and a neck tie.", "A little boy is smiling at the camera in front of a brown chair.", "A blond little boy standing in front of a chair.", "A young boy is all dressed up in a shirt, tie and sweater."]
["A woman laying on a bed pointing at a pony picture on a pillow.", "A woman grinning as she points to her pony pillow.", "A woman pointing to a pillow on a bed.", "A woman laying on a bed pointing at the design on a pillow.", "A beautiful woman laying in bed on top of a my little pony pillow."]
["A group of people standing next to each other.", "A group of people that are dressed up pose for a picture.", "Men and women standing and crouching in front of a door. ", "A few women are standing with a group of men wearing suits and ties and are holding beers.", "A group of people standing together near a door."]
["A man in a tie sitting in front of a ashtray.", "A man wearing a striped shirt and tie", "A man sits at a table near an ashtray wearing a white shirt and a black tie.", "A man in a shirt and tie  pulling on his shirt collar.", "A man wearing a white striped shirt and tie."]
["An adult poses with a young child on the sidewalk for a picture.", "A man in a blue shirt and tie stands next to a child in a white shirt and black tie.", "a child and an adult pose for a photo", "A man posing with his daughter who is earing a tie.", "A man kneeling down near a little girl on a sidewalk."]
["A group of large elephants standing in the water.", "A group of elephants that are standing in the dirt.", "Three elephants standing in shallow water off the shore.", "Three elephants drinking together at a stream in front of trees.", "A group of three elephants standing along side of a river."]
["A baby elephant walking along a river near a grassy covered shore.", "there is a elephant that is walking threw the water", "An elephant is walking through the water by a field.", "An elephant walks in the shallow water by the grass.", "An elephant walking through a lake near land. "]
["Three sail boats are traveling in the sea near a tree covered hill.", "A large open body of water with small boats.", "A group of sailboats riding in a bay of water.", "A picture of sail boats floating in a harbor.", "a big water way with some boats inside of it "]
["A sailboat on land next to a playground near the ocean. ", "A boat that isn't in the water next to a playground. ", "a boat parked on dry land by the ocean ", "a boat that is on a shore by some water", "A ship is on land near water, next to a playground."]
["A woman holding up a smart phone and a little girl.", "A woman smiles bightly while holding a little girl.", "there is a woman holding a little girl taking a picture", "A woman holding a child smiling and taking a self photo in front of a mirror.", "A lady holding a little girl taking a selfie."]
["water and trees with a mountain behind them.", "There is a tree covered mountain behind the river.", "river in forested area with large hills in background", "A tree lined river in front of a hill. ", "The river sparkles as it winds it way through the mountain pass."]
["A closed umbrella sitting on a balcony ledge above traffic.", "An umbrella caught on an upper floor railing.", "a close up of an umbrella on a hand rail ", "A umbrella laying on the edge of a railing.", "The umbrella is stuck in the fence area"]
["A man with a suit and tie about to speak", "A picture of a picture of a man wearing a tie.", "A photo of a man in suit and tie on the television.", "A man in business attire with a striped tie,", "A MAN WITH A TIE IS ON THE TELEVISON "]
["A man wearing black glasses and a mustache.", "A man wearing glasses making funny facial expressions.", "A man with glasses is making a strange face.", "Man with glasses and a mustache standing in front of a door.", "a close up of a person wearing eye galsses"]
["A man in glasses with a mustache standing in front of stairs to a doorway.", "A man sneers while wearing a dark suit and tie.", "a close up of a person wearing eye glasses", "a man giving a confused facial expression near a building", "The subject in this black and white photo is making a face to show some type of disgust or dismay."]
["a snow caped mountain is behind a boat", "It is a postcard like view of snow-laced mountains, green lowlands, picturesque buildings on a receding incline and boats in a harbor in the front-most part. ", "A beautiful view of a boat harbor near a large mountain.", "A train traveling past parked boats under snow covered mountains.", "a big cabin cruiser and some other boats docked"]
["Several sail boats on San Francisco Bay near the Golden Gate Bridge.", "A group of sailboats sailing beyond a long bridge. ", "A group of sailboats in front of a bridge", "Several ships sailing in the water near a bridge.", "A large group of sail boats riding in the San Francisco Bay."]
["A woman with purple hair standing next to a hipster.", "A man and woman pose together for a picture.", "A man and a smiling lady posing together with name tags.", "A man in a tie and woman with purple hair smile for the camera.", "A man and a woman with nametags are smiling."]
["a woman with purple hair is taking a picture of herself", "A hipster with purple hair holding up a smart phone.", "A woman with purple hair standing in front of a mirror", "A wmoan with purple hair and a tie takes a self portrait.", "a woman with purple hair takes a selfie "]
["A woman with bright blue hair ample breast and wearing a black shirt and tie.", "A lady dressed in black shirt with a black, green and white tie.", "A woman with bright blue hair wearing a tie", "Woman with dark black'blue hair wearing a huge black and white diamond striped tie.", "The blue haired woman looks very stern and serious."]
["A man wearing a red neck tie while wearing a checkered shirt.", "A very close up shot of a red tie that someone is wearing. ", "An up close of a red tie and checkered blue and white shirt. ", "A red starred tie with a blue checkered shirt.", "a close up of a red tie and a white and blue shirt"]
["An emo girl with purple hair wearing a man's neck tie.", "A women with blue hair using a cell phone.", "The woman with blue hair wears a big orange tie.", "A person with blue hair takes a photo of themselves.", "A woman with blue hair taking a picture of herself with a phone."]
["A young woman wearing a suite and hat holding a cell phone.", "A woman is taking a picture with her cellphone.", "a person that is wearing a hate, vest and tie", "A woman taking a selfie picture in the mirror.", "A person in a black bowler hat and vest taking a selfie."]
["A woman standing in front of a mirror with bright blue hair.", "A woman taking a selfie inside of her house", "A woman looking at her cell phone reflected in a mirror.", "A woman with blue hair posing in the mirror.", "A woman with purple hair taking a picture of herself in a mirror."]
["A hipster emo woman with very large breast.", "a women that has a black shirt and tie", "Woman with blue hair taking self photo using cell phone.", "A woman is taking her picture in a mirror with a cellphone.", "Woman holding her camera phone in a room."]
["A caretaker looks after a small brown elephant", "A keeper feeding a baby elephant with a milk bottle", "the man is wearing a green suit and standing with an elephant ", "A man standing in front of a an adorable elephant.", "a man stands in front of an elephant "]
["three cupcakes with small umbrellas near one another ", "Three small cupcakes with umbrella sticking out of them. ", "Three cupcakes are decorated with candy and little umbrellas.", "Three pastries with paper umbrellas are sitting on a surface.", "Three party cakes with candy decorations and paper umbrellas. "]
["A cupcake sitting on top of a of a table with a blue umbrella.", "a cupcake with a blue umbrella in it", "A cake with floral decorations on the table", "A toothpick umbrella decorates a cupcake, with sprinkles.", "a little cupcake with little beach decorations on the top of it "]
["The cupcakes are covered with small toy beach scenes.", "Cupcakes with beach inspired decorations on top of them.", "Cupcakes in colorful paper cupcake cups with decorations of beach scenes.", "Two cupcakes are creatively decorated for the beach.", "cupcakes decorated to look like assorted beach scenes "]
["A man with a black top hat and suit is staring at the viewer.", "An Emo hipster wearing a black hat and jacket.", "a man with a hat and a tie on", "A young person wearing a black hat, black shirt and a garish tie, looks warily upwards. ", "A man with earrings wearing a top hat."]
["A man is dressed like a clown magician while pointing at a picture on his cell phone.", "This is an image of a man with a hat pointing at a smart phone.", "A man emphasizing the smartphone he is holding.", "this appears to be a basic \"selfie\" image taken by this gentleman. ", "A person in black attire holding up and pointing to an object."]
["A woman with dyed hair and wearing a tie poses for a selfie.", "A lady with blue hair and wearing a tie is talking a selfie. ", "A woman with purple hair and a red tie is staring at a camera. ", "A woman with a tie and purple hair.", "A woman is wearing a shirt and tie, and has purple hair."]
["A man in a suit speaking at  a podium", "a person talking at a podium in a field", "A man speaking in an outdoor area in the city.", "A man that is standing up in front of a microphone.", "A man standing at a black podium on top of green grass."]
["Man speaking from lectern at outdoor gathering in urban area.", "A man in a black suit talking at a podium outside.", "A man is speaking at a podium in a park.", "A man at a podium while a man a woman listen to him. ", "A man is at a podium and giving a speech."]
["A man and two women standing next to each other.", "3 people pose for the camera in a backyard", "A woman in glasses is next to a man in a hat and a man in a suit and tie.", "Three people dressed in costume clothing with purple hair and top hat", "A man with hat and two ladies are posing for a snap."]
["A man with purple hair and braces laughing", "A person with a tie in a building.", "A woman with long, colored hair is smiling.", "A person with purple hair and and tie.", "The smiling woman wearing a tie has long blue hair."]
["A woman in a tie and blue hair. ", "A woman with dyed purple hair wearing a black shirt and spotted tie", "a woman with blue hair wearing a tie", "A woman in a black dress shirt and tie with purple hair. ", "A person with a shade of purple hair and wearing a dark dress shirt and necktie."]
["A hipster emo woman with purple hair holding up a camera", "a person in a tie is taking a selfie", "A woman with long purple hair takes a selfie with her cell phone.", "this is a man taking his own picture", "A person with purple hair takes a photo of themselves."]
["An elephant walks through the grass of a field.", "Three big elephants walking the grass in a jungle", "three elephants in a field near a tree", "A group of elephants in tall grass and trees.", "Several elephants are seen out and about in the wilderness."]
["This image is too blurry, can't see it.", "A person petting a black cat laying on a keyboard.", "Fuzzy picture of a cat with its head on a keyboard.", "a blurry photo of a black cat on a key board", "A black cat laying on top of a key board."]
["A person in a shirt and tie is holding a can.", "A man holding a large can of beer ", "A nice looking man is holding a beer.", "A man in a tie holding a can drink.", "a guy looking very angry holding a beer"]
["a apple computer that is on a desk", "A computer desk with desktop computer and a cat sitting on the keyboard ", "Cat laying on a keyboard looking over a scanner on a desk.", "A white cat in front of a huge monitor and scanner.", "A cat sitting next to an apple computer, on the keyboard."]
["Someone walking down the street while holding a pink umbrella", "a woman walking down the road with a pink umbrella ", "A woman holding a purple umbrella walking in the rain", "A woman walking down a sidewalk holding a pink umbrella.", "a lady walking in the rain carrying a pink umbrella"]
["A boat in the sea near the city ", "A big boat in the ocean with a lot of people on it. ", "A ferry boat transporting people across a bay.", "Ferry with passengers riding on the water with a city in the background.", "Large tour boat making its way across the water with a city scene in the backgorund"]
["A white cat sitting inside a kitchen sink.", "Multi colored cat sitting up inside kitchen sink", "A white cat sitting in a kitchen sink", "An orange and white cat sitting in a kitchen sink.", "A white and orange cat sitting inside of a sink."]
["Two pedestrians underneath their umbrellas walk across an open plaza in a rainstorm.", "Two ladies with umbrellas on the pavement on a wet day", "Two people holding umbrellas walking in the rain. ", "Two females walking in the rain with umbrellas.", "Two women carrying umbrellas walking in the rain."]
["Many people are walking along a crowded market place.", "Many people are gathered to shop and eat.", "A group of people walking through a street with many umbrellas.", "many tents on the sides of buildings with people walking near", "A OPEN MARKET PEOPLE ARE WALKING EVERY WHERE"]
["A boat sails through frigid water with icebergs.", "A boat cruising in the ocean next to some ice bergs.", "A sightseeing boat floats in an icy ocean.", "A boat with people wearing life jackets on water with icebergs in the background.", "A small ferry boat floating past icebergs in the water"]
["A white boat traveling through a river surrounded by trees..", "A boat filled with people speeds through the water.", "there is a boat in the middle of a lake or river", "A large boat cruising through still blue water.", "a white and red boat with people on it and trees"]
["Three elephants are walking near rocks and boulders in the habitat. ", "A group of elephants in an enclosure on a sunny day.", "elephants in a habitat enclosure at the zoo", "Rippavilla fence walking around in enclosure together. ", "A bunch of elephants are gathered around in the outdoors near some rocks."]
["A man swimming in a pool of blue water.", "A man swimming in a pool, making his way to the edge where a large, rainbow umbrella is located.", "a man swimming in a pool  in a hotel", "some one swimming in the water next to a umbrella", "an overhead picture of a pool with a swimmer and large umbrella"]
["A large boat sailing across a large lake.", "A large boat is in the water with a string attached.", "a boat sitting in the middle of a lake with a line out in the water", "A tug boat sits in the water near farm land. ", "A boat floats down a river past green countryside."]
["A small child in white shirt and tie with pacifier.", "A toddler with a pacifier wearing a neck tie", "A small child is wearing a red and gold neck tie.", "An old man and a young child is working on something. ", "there is a baby with a pacifier in his mouth and a tie on"]
["An elephant walking behind a man in a park.", "an elephant walking on a paved path with trees in the background", "A person with an elephant following walking down a path.", "an elephant walking behind a person on an asphalt pavement next to grass.", "A person in a raincoat walks an elephant through a park."]
["A group of people standing around an elephant.", "Two people are on the walkway with an elephant. ", "An elephant is being guided through a park.", "Two people are leading an elephant up stairs", "a big elephant walks down a walk way "]
["A woman sitting on a fence holding an open umbrella.", "Person sitting on railing holding a red and white umbrella. ", "A woman with an umbrella sitting on a railing.", "A man sitting on a rail in front of a lake, holding an umbrella.", "A person sitting on a fence with an umbrella."]
["A couple of umbrellas on top of a sandy beach.", "The beach has a lot of seats with umbrellas on them.", "Bean bag chairs and an umbrella on the beach.", "a few chairs set up on the beach with an umbrella", "Big bean bag seats under an umbrella on the shore of the beach."]
["A group of three elephants standing next to each other.", "Three elephants with sunshades are ready for ride. ", "Tourists riding on the backs of elephants under fancy umbrellas by a temple", "Three elephants with tourists look at a temple", "Three elephants with seats and umbrellas stopped by a body of water"]
["A bunch of packages are sitting outside of a building. ", "a brick wall with some suit cases leaning against the wall ", "A back ally with a pile of luggage belonging to a famous escapologist. ", "Luggage is stacked next to a brick wall.", "A group of wood boxes sitting against a wall outside."]
["People stand and look at a real painted elephant.", "A large grey elephant standing next to a crowd of people near a building.", "a painted elephant pointing its trunk at a girl", "An elephant has been painted and decorated with jewels", "A large elephant with its face and neck decorated at an event"]
["Two neatly made beds with matching walls in a room. ", "Two suitcases sit on top of two hotel beds.", "Two beds in a hotel room covered with luggage.", "A room with two double beds and a suitcase on each.", "A hotel room with two beds and two suitcases."]
["Two lounges are pictured next to a beautiful private pool.", "A good time to relax by the pool and enjoy summer.", "Two chairs under an umbrella by a pool.", "A couple of lawn chairs sitting next to the ocean.", "Swimming pool, and two lounge chairs with umbrella over them."]
["some boats are in the water buildings and a person", "a group of boats lined up near the dock ", "a number of a small boats in a body of water", "A group of long boats sit on the shore of a beach.", "Several boats are sitting idly in the water. "]
["A group of elephants standing near the water", "Group of three elephants outside standing by water.", "Three elephants next to an artificial lake at a zoo.", "Three elephants on rocky area next to water.", "There are three elephants standing beside a pool of water. "]
["small boats parked in the ocean at sunset", "A group of boats bob in the water at sunset.", "Several canoe boats left a the shore line.", "Several small canoes lined up on the shoreline ", "Small boats are lined up at the shore."]
["A bunch of suitcases and bags by a wall.", "backpacks and luggage laying against the wall in a room", "a variety of luggage left against a wall in a room", "A room that has a bunch of different suitcases.", "A pile of luggage sitting up against a wall."]
["A young girl in a fairy dress under an umbrella", "Small girl in a princess outfit standing on the side of a path with an umbrella.", "A person with an umbrella walking through the grass.", "A child wearing a dress with wings under an umbrella outdoors.", "A young girl in a princess costume and an umbrella. "]
["A fleet of ship floating on a lake next to a shore.", "Small boats are parked in the blue water.", "A fleet of boats are moored just off the shoreline of a coastal village.", "many small boats in a large body of water ", "A body of water with many boats on it."]
["An inlet filled with boats of all kinds.", "A large number of small boats are sailing in a harbor.", "A large body of water with multiple boats", "Several boats sailing on a beautiful day. ", "Several boats are anchored in a scenic harbor. "]
["A large elephant stomps around on the dirt covered ground.", "An elephant with its ear flapped up crossing a road.", "An elephant walking on a dirt road, in the day.", "A elephant that is standing in the dirt.", "A elephant with large tusks crossing a dirt road."]
["Many colored umbrellas hanging from an outdoor open grid ceiling.", "Many colored umbrellas mounted on a glass ceiling", "A lot of colorful umbrella hanging from a ceiling.", "Group of colorful umbrellas on the roof of a building. ", "Many colorful umbrellas hang from the ceiling near a building."]
["A man is sitting outside on top of a mountain of luggage. ", "A man sitting on a large pile of luggage.", "The young man is sitting on the suitcases relaxing. ", "A man in blue shirt sitting on a pile of luggage.", "A man seated next to bags, suit cases and back packs"]
["An adorable white dog laying on top of a bed in a shirt holding a teddy bear.", "a dog that is wearing a shirt and has a teddy bear", "A dog laying on a bed with a stuffed animal", "A small dog wearing a t shirt sits next to a bear.", "A small, white dog laying on a bed with a stuffed toy."]
["A person is standing in front of a dog.", "A black dog looking at a pair of brown shoes.", "An overhead shot of shoes and a black dog. ", "Dog laying on ground looking at pair of sneakers", "someone looking down at their shoes and looking down at his dog"]
["Two people walking over a bridge while holding umbrellas.", "Two people with umbrellas walk down a sidewalk beside a body of water.", "two people with umbrellas are walking next to some water", "Two people are walking along the water with umbrellas.", "Two people holding umbrellas standing on a bridge."]
["A black dog holding a red and green frisbee in it's mouth.", "A black dog is catching a frisbee in mid-air", "A black dog with a Frisbee in its mouth. ", "a dog standing on its hind legs in the grass with a freezby in his mouth", "A black dog stands on its hind legs to catch a frisbee."]
["A beautiful young lady walking down a street in the rain.", "A woman with a umbrella hails a taxi.", "A woman is walking down the street with an umbrella.", "Two women walking in the rain while a taxi drives down the street.", "THERE ARE PEOPLE WALKING IN THE STREET "]
["A collection of luggage and bags on a boat.", "View down latter shows luggage sitting next to side of boat", "Suitcases and crates sit by the rail on a boat.", "Multiple pieces of luggage at the bottom of a ladder on a boat", "Many pieces of luggage are sitting beside shipping boxes."]
["Yellow umbrellas stand out in a courtyard area near a walk way.", "some people tables chairs yellow umbrellas and a building", "Many plants and umbrellas on the side of the street.", "A sitting area filled with tables and yellow umbrellas.", "Several large potted plants near umbrellas in a seating area."]
["A man standing over a bag of luggage.", "a man with sunglasses is checking the black suitcase", "A man reading paperwork with a lot of luggage.", "A man looks at his luggage in an airport.", "A man is standing by several suitcases looking at something."]
["A man looks down at a dog standing on a skateboard. ", "a man watches a dog ride a skate board ", "A man standing by a dog on a skateboard. ", "A man is watching a dog stand on a skateboard.", "A man with a skateboard and a dog in a park."]
["A big dark colored dog standing with his front paws on a skate board.", "A dog standing with front paws on a skateboard", "A dog is panting while riding two paw on a skateboard.", "A dog with its front paws on a skateboard. ", "A warm brown dog standing on a skateboard in a park."]
["A row of red and blue luggage sitting at an airport.", "Many suitcases have been arranged in a row.", "A line of different suitcases with people standing nearby.", "A long line of suitcases with luggage tags on them.", "Traveler's luggage lined up with identification tags visible"]
["A bear is sitting in the grass with a cub.", "A black bear sits on the ground in front of a forested area.", "A bear and her cub are sitting in front of a forested area. ", "THERE IS A BEAR THAT IS STIING ON THE GROUND ", "A brown bear sitting on top of a grass covered field."]
["A dog running past the waves into the ocean.", "A dog is in the ocean up to it's knees.", "A dog is wading in the ocean while the tide is coming in.", "Dog going into the ocean at the beach", "A black dog playing in the waves of the ocean."]
["A dog running into the waves near some surfers.", "A black dog splashing in the waves with two men on surfboards.", "A dog is playing in the ocean water while the surfers watch", "Two men in the ocean with their surfboard along with a dog. ", "Two men sit in the water as a dog splashes nearby."]
["A man standing over his dog on a beach while holding a surfboard next to the ocean.", "a person holding a surf board standing on a beach", "A man on a beach holding a surfboard.", "A man with a surfboard stands on a beach.", "A man holding a surfboard on the beach with his dog. "]
["A large black dog sitting on the sandy with a ball.", "A dog with a tennis ball is laying in the sand.", "A dog sitting in the sand presents an object to the picture taker.", "A dog panting in the sand with a tennis ball.", "A black dog with his tongue hanging out laying in the sand next to a ball."]
["A child holding an umbrella in front of a house.", "Little girl smiling under a big umbrella in the rain", "Little girl holding an umbrella on a sidewalk.", "A little girl is standing in front of a bush holding an umbrella.", "A small child stand in the rain with an umbrella."]
["black teddy bear placed in front of mirror", "A black bear looking at itself in the wooden mirror.", "A brown bear sitting in front of a small mirror.", "A teddy bear positioned in front of a mirror on a dresser.", "A stuffed bear in front of a mirror on a desk."]
["A crowd of people standing around a luggage carousel at an airport.", "A large group of people picking up suitcases.", "The passengers are collecting their luggage from the baggage claim carousel.", "people waiting for luggage around the baggage claim in an airport", "A group of people standing around a baggage claim."]
["A teddy bear is propped up to look like it is reading a book.", "A teddy bear is sitting on a bed reading a book.", "A teddy bear and a book on a bed. ", "A dressed teddy bear sitting on a bed reading a book.", "A teddy bear posed as reading a book on a bed."]
["A purple cart full of suit cases and bags.", "A cart of luggage sitting in a parking area.", "There are several pieces of luggage on a purple cart.", "A trailer full of luggage in front of a sign that says \"Baggage Claim.\"", "Multiple bags of luggage sit on a trailer."]
["A large brown bear wading through a  pool of water.", "a close up of a black bear standing in the water", "A PICTURE OF A BEAR DRINKING WATER FROM A LAKE ", "A big bear in a lake on a sunny day. ", "A large bear taking a swim in a river. "]
["A small black dog playing with a frisbee.", "A black curly haired dog plays with a frisbee.", "A dog chasing a cloth frisbee in the park.", "A dog chases a Frisbee in a grassy area.", "A black poodle mix is catching a toy."]
["A woman holding a cat over a cake and cupcakes.", "there is a woman holding a dog with a hat on", "A woman holds a dog above a cake with a candle in it. ", "A woman holds a dog wearing a party hat near a cake.", "Woman who has dressed her dog up in a birthday hat"]
["A brown bear walking through a forest next to fallen trees.", "A bear eating something from the ground in the woods.", "A hungry bear scavenges about looking for food.", "a single bear standing around and sniffing something ", "A bear smelling the dried out grass outdoors."]
["A bear walking through a field by some moss and trees.", "A large bear walking through a forest near trees.", "A large brown bear walks around a sparse forest.", "A small black bear moving through a stand of bare trees.", "Brown bear walking through the woods in autumn. "]
["a bear that is standing in a pond", "a bear caries a pink ball by the river side", "A bear stands on its hind legs next to a stream with a ball in the grass.", "a bear in a field near a body of water ", "A bear playing in a stream with a pink shape."]
["A bear that is laying down in the dirt.", "A bear seems to be trying to hide under the log. ", "A bear rests its head on a fallen tree.", "A bear hides behind a dead log and peers over it.", "A bear laying behind a big tree trunk"]
["A brown bear walking next to two small bears.", "three bears playing in the woods with snow on the ground.", "A painting of a snowy forest shows a bear and her wrestling cubs. ", "A painting of a big bear and two baby bears in the snow. ", "A painting shows two bear cubs playing in the snow next to their mother. "]
["Two brown bear cubs in a grassy area with flowers.", "Two brown bears are walking through a field of tall grass.", "Two bear cubs foraging side by side in a field.", "Two small bears are grazing in the open field", "There are two baby bears in a field."]
["A couple of brown bears standing on a log.", "A picture of two bears, one directly on top of a log, in the woods", "Two bears are on a fallen tree branch.", "Painting of two bears standing on tree branches.", "A couple of black bears in a painting by a tree."]
["A zebra looking up as another grazes in a field.", "Two zebra's standing in a grassy field and one is eating grass.", "The zebras are grazing out in the field of grass. ", "A group of zebras stand together in a field.", "Several zebras eating grass in a wildlife park"]
["A young man doing tricks with his frisbee. ", "A boy is throwing a Frisbee at a park", "A man that is holding a frisbee in his hand.", "A young man holding a white frisbee next to poles.", "A young man performing a stunt with a white disc."]
["A young man trying to catch a neon frisbee.", "A man jumping to catch a frisbee during competition.", "A man jumping up trying to catch a frisbee.", "A man in a black shirt and orange shorts plays with a yellow frisbee. ", "A man prepares to catch the frisbee while playing"]
["A man holds a black plate with a square skull in front of his face.", "A man holding a plate with a square skull in front of his face.", "A man is covering his face with a skeleton painted plate.", "A man is holding a black plate in front of his face.", "Man holding a black plate in front of his face."]
["Two zebra standing closely next to each other.", "A pair of zebra looking in opposite directions.", "Two zebras, one standing slightly behind the other.", "Two zebras are facing in opposite directions in the picture.", "Two zebras are standing next to each other."]
["there are two zebras standing in the wild together", "A couple of zebra standing in the tall grass.", "Two zebras standing near each other in a big dry field.", "two young zebras in an open field of dry grass", "Two zebra standing next to each other in a field."]
["A white and brown dog sitting on top of a bed.", "A dog sitting at the foot of a bed", "A dog laying on a bed with its paws on the footboard. ", "A dog is sitting on a bed with its paws on the leather foot. ", "A black and white dog lying on a bed staring at the camera."]
["A pack of zebra walking along a grassy field.", "several wild zebra's standing in a field of grasses and shrubs", "A bunch of zebras standing in a field", "A pack of zebras stand on the plain looking into the distance", "A herd of zebras are standing on a grassy field."]
["A zebra standing around in a grassy area, with another behind it.", "two zebras in a field near one another ", "two zebras graze the grass at the base of a hill", "Two zebras graze in some sparse ground in the sun.", "A couple of zebra's leaned over eating grass in a field."]
["A mother zebra with a baby zebra as it nurses off her tit.", "A baby zebra drinking milk from its mom", "Two zebra stand next to a herd of antelope.", "Zebras and other animals are on a large brown field.", "A herd of animals grazes in a field while a zebra nurses its foal."]
["A man catching a white frisbee on a sandy beach.", "a man on the beach leaping for a frisbee", "A man dives forward to catch a Frisbee.", "a person diving forward to catch a frisbee", "A man catches a Frisbee while jumping in the sand."]
["A person standing on a stage with a dog flying through the air catching a frisbee.", "A person in an enclosed area with a dog catching Frisbees. ", "A dog with a frisbee in its mouth jumps as a crowd looks on.", "Dog leaping into the air to catch a red frisbee in its mouth. ", "A crowd is watching a dog catching a Frisbee in a pen. "]
["A dog jumping in the air to catch a frisbee at a competition.", "a dog jumping up to grab a red frisbee in the air ", "A dog jumping in the air with a frisbee.", "A person plays Frisbee with a dog that catches it", "The dog has a Frisbee in it's mouth while in the air."]
["Dog jumps over a woman to catch a frisbee in a dog show.", "A person is crouching while a dog tries to catch a frisbee.", "A woman performing a Frisbee trick with her dog for spectators.", "A woman in grey shirt with dog jumping for frisbee.", "A lady ducks as a dog jumps to catch a frisbee"]
["A dog holding a ball in its mouth, near the water.", "A dog standing by a shore line with a ball in his mouth.", "a close up of a dog with a ball in its mouth", "A brown and white dog sitting on top of a sandy beach.", "A dog has his chewing ball in his mouth. "]
["A full view of an outdoor space with many things to see.\n", "Four zebras standing and laying down underneath a tree.", "some zebras dirt green grass bushes and trees", "A herd of zebras are standing in the shade of a large tree.", "A group of six zebras loitering around a tree."]
["These four zebra are walking in a field.", "Four zebras walking in a  grassy area.", "A herd of zebra walking along a lush green field.", "A group of zebra eating grass in a field near a couple of giraffe.", "Four zebras and three giraffes wander in a preserve "]
["Two people who are diving for a Frisbee.", "A person diving for a frisbee while another tries to block the catch.", "A crowd watches as a person dives to catch a frisbee. ", "two women laying on the ground as one grabs the frisbee", "Two people are diving to catch a frizbee."]
["A group of young men playing a game of frisbee.", "Group of men playing frisbee on an athletic field.", "A LOT OF BOYS ARE PLAYING FRISBEE HAVING FUN", "a green sports field with people playing frisbee.", "Two people run to a person catching a frisbee. "]
["Two teams playing frizbee football with two players battling to make the catch.", "four people playing a game of disc golf", "Boys playing sports on a field in front of spectators.", "A group of young men are playing frisbee.", "Several people that are playing in a frisbee game."]
["A group of people playing frisbee in a field.", "A group of people are playing with a Frisbee.", "a frisebee players playing and the man in yellow ready to throw it", "4 people play frisbee in a grassy field", "A group of four playing Frisbee in a yard."]
["Two men playing a game of frisbee on top of a green field.", "Two men playing with a Frisbee and the one man is trying to block it . ", "A father and son play on opposite Frisbee teams", "A man is holding a tennis racket in a field", "A couple of people with a Frisbee on a field."]
["A man standing in the ocean and a red Frisbee in flight.", "a person standing on a beach flying a kite", "A man standing in the ocean with a frisbee moving towards him.", "A picture of a person in the water.", "A man standing on top of a sandy beach under a frisbee."]
["The pink Frisbee is laying on the snow covered ground. ", "A Frisbee is laying on the snow covered grass.", "A red frisbee sitting on top of the ground.", "a red frisbee with silver letters and a white background", "A frisbee on snow-covered ground with writing on it."]
["an image of a kid playing with a frisbee", "A young man in blue jersey playing with a white frisbee.", "A man walking by a guy doing tricks with a stick.", "A man tossing a frisbee under handed in a park.", "A man and frisbee standing in a city by other people and parked cars."]
["Man with yellow flying disc at indoor event.", "a male in a yellow shirt is spinning a frisbee", "A man wearing a uniform playing frisbee. ", "The man was practicing his tricks using his Frisbee. ", "A person stands and spins a frisbee on their hand."]
["A zebra and ostrich standing in dirt field next to trees.", "a zebra standing next to a ostrage out by some trees", "A couple of animals that are standing on some grass.", "a zebra stands next to an ostrich ", "A couple of animals standing next to each other near a forest."]
["A zebra standing in a field grazing as another looks alert.", "a couple of zebras graze on some grass ", "some animals in a field with grass near bushes", "A couple of zebra standing on top of a lush green field.", " Two wild zebra eating grass in a safari  ."]
["a person that is on a horse in a field", "A man on a horse is herding sheep in the field", "A man on horseback herds sheep down the road", "A person riding a horse herds sheep while someone in a vehicle watches.", "A view out of a car of a person on horseback herding sheep."]
["A group of people walking horses across a mountainous field.", "The four travelers only have two horses with them. ", "Group of people pulling horses on an open field. ", "Two men leading two horses as two people walk in front of them in a mountainous area.", "This black and white photo shows people walking with two horses"]
["People that are on the beach by some horses.", "Three men on horses with polo uniforms and polo sticks riding on the beach.", "Three men on horses playing polo by the water.", "Three riders on horses are along the ocean shore.", "A group of men riding brown horses on a beach wearing polo uniforms."]
["Two people on two horses at a distance on a beach with water and sky.", "Two people are riding horses on the beach.", "A couple of horses walking along a sand covered beach.", "two people riding horses on a beach next to the ocean", "A couple of people on horses on a beach by the ocean."]
["A zebra standing next to a giant rock.", "the zebra is standing right next to a wall ", "A zebra standing in the middle of the grass in front of giant rocks.", "A zebra stands in front of a rock formation.", "zebra standing on grass in front of rock formation"]
["A man with a bucket hat riding a hose on a beach.", "a person riding a horse on a beach near the water", "an image of a man on the beach riding horse", "A man riding a horse down the beach at sunset.", "A man riding a horse outside near the beach."]
["a couple of women are riding horses at the beach", "two females riding horses at the beach one girl has on a black top", "Two women riding horseback by on the beach.", "Two woman riding on horses on the beach.", "Two ladies are riding horses on the beach."]
["This person is riding their horse near the water. ", "an old time picture of a youth on a horse", "a man sitting on a horse next to a river ", "Old photograph of person on horseback next to river.", "Antique black and white photograph of someone on a horse in a flooded field"]
["a horse and buggy that is on a grassy field", "People riding in a rustic wagon pulled by horses.", "People riding a horse pulled hay cart at an outdoor festival", "some people and signs a bicycle two horses pulling people in a cart", "Two horses are carrying a cart with two men and a woman in it. "]
["Two zebra grazing the grass in their enclosure. ", "Two zebras graze on grass in an open field.", "two zebras are eating grass by a tree", "There are two zebras grazing on the grass.", "Zebras grazing on green grass in a zoo enclosure"]
["Two brown horses grazing on green grass next to a lighthouse.", "Two horses grazing in a field near a lighthouse.", "Two horses grazing in a field by a lighthouse", "horses eating grass outside on a beautiful day.", "Several horse grazing in front of a lighthouse."]
["A brown horse grazing on a lush green field.", "a brown horse feeding on the grass which is well cleaned", "A brown horse grazes on grass in a green field.", "A brown horse grazing in a grassy field.", "A horse that is standing in a grassy field."]
["A woman holds the reins of a saddled horse", "A young woman is standing beside a horse near a barn.", "The woman is tending to the saddled horse.", "A young woman petting a brown horse near a barn.", "A girl touching a horse in front of a building"]
["A horse is on a brushy hillside on the gravel.", "A horse on a desolate, dry desert mountainside, next to a small tent.", "A black horse walking around rocky area with a mountain in the background.", "The horse is standing by itself on the rocky pasture. ", "A single horse walking on a rocky trail."]
["A bedroom with open doors to a bathroom.", "A room with a bed that is not made and a bathroom.", "A clean and tidy bathroom facing an unfolded bed.", "The bedroom and bathroom inside of a house.", "An unmade bed with the on-suite bathroom in the background."]
["A group of people standing around carts with fruit on ice.", "A food stand with bananas in an outside area", "A cart with bananas on it from a street vendor ", "many people behind a stand selling bananas ", "A man is selling bananas from a street cart."]
["white snowy mountain with a man stand in skies with a yellow jacket and red black pants ", "a man wearing ski outfit standing in snow in front of the mountains", "a man in a yellow jacket standing on a snowy hill ", "a person riding skis on a snowy surface", "Several people in gear standing in the snow near a mountain."]
["a orange sits in some a puddle of water ", "An orange sitting in the water at a beach. ", "Altered photograph of a fresh orange sitting on the seashore", "An orange sitting on top of a wet beach.", "An orange placed on the edge of a shore."]
["A man skiing down the side of a snow covered ski slope.", "A snow covered mountain with a ski trail down the side of it and a skier with a alrge travel pack at the bottom of the slope.", "A skier is headed up the slope of a mountain.", "A shadowy skier skiing down a snowy mountain.", "A person looking up an ice covered hill with fresh animal tracks on it."]
["A bunch of bananas are sitting on table at the market.", "The fruit stand is selling a bunch of bananas.", "Person standing behind table of bananas that are for sale", "A stand with several bundles of banana's on it.", "Ripe bananas are three pounds for a dollar."]
["A produce stand with many fruits and vegetables", "People are standing outside next to tables at a market.", "an Asian market place with a variety of fruits and men with hats looking at them.", "A display at a grocery store filled with fruits and vegetables.", "There is some people buying oranges and fruit."]
["A young man holding a catchers mitt next to another boy holding a bat.", "Two young boys playing baseball outside in an empty lot.", "The boy playing baseball is waiting for the throw.", "Two boys playing baseball on the street. ", "A bunch of kids playing baseball in a wide open field."]
["A group of people that are skiing down a mountain.", "Several people walking in their skis on the slopes. ", "A group of skiers about to go down a hill.", "A group of people skiing down the side of snow covered slope.", "A group of skiers skiing cross country in the mountains."]
["A group of people riding skis on a snowy slope.", "skiers going down the same path a skiers before them ", "People using skis and traveling through the snow.", "some people riding skis on a snowy surface ", "Several people tracking along the mountain in skis."]
["Skier lays down on a snowy hill with his equipment on. ", "A man riding skis down the side of a rocky mountain cliffs.", "a person on skis sitting on a snowy slope", "a man with skis laying back on part of the mountain", "A snow skier is on a downward slope laying down."]
["A beautiful woman riding skis down a snow covered hill.", "A WOMAN IS SITTING ON THE SNOW BANK", "A woman smiling and posing for a picture in the snow.", "A woman is on skis sitting in the snow smiling.", "Woman Skier sits on snowy mountain side with skis. "]
["A woman in white shirt holding bananas next to door.", "A woman that is pregnant holding a banana's over her belly.", "A woman 31 weeks pregnant holding a bunch of bananas.", "A pregnant woman holding a bunch of bananas ", "A pregnant woman holding a bunch of bananas."]
["A pregnant woman holding a cat with bananas on her head", "A pregnant woman holding a black cat wearing a bunch of bananas on top of her head.", "a pregnant woman with bananas on her head holding a black cat ", "A pregnant lady is holding a cat and wearing bananas on her head.", "A pregnant woman holding a black cat with a bunch of bananas on her head."]
["A woman is holding a bowl made of bananas on her head", "An older woman holding some bananas on a plate.", "A woman holds a bowl with bananas on her head.", "A smiling woman holding a bowl made out of fake bananas on her head.", "A woman is holding a crown of bananas on her head."]
["A man wearing a USA shirt skiing in the sun.", "A person on skis in a race with USA on his shirt.", "A professional skiier moves swiftly along the course.", "A professional skier competing on a winter Olympics ski slope", "A man riding skis down a snow covered slope."]
["A young man holding a bunch of green bananas inside of  a store.", "an image of a man in the store holding banana", "a person in a market holding a bunch of bananas", "A man is holding green bananas and posing for a picture", "Young man exclaiming over an unripe green plantain."]
["A skier navigates deep snow on a ski slope.", "A man is skiing outside where there is a lot of snow", "A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A skier carving down a snowy mountain side", "A person in cold weather gear skiing in the snow."]
["Some type of colorful vegetable is wet and sitting on the counter", "a close up of a little carrot and a stalk of broccoli ", "A raw peeled baby carrot with a green top resting on a counter.", "A baby carrot with a piece of broccoli that looks like its leaves. ", "A carrot is sitting on a blue cutting board."]
["A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A person with skis and pole skiing down the hill on the snow. ", "A person skis on top of a snowy mountain. ", "an adult skiing down a snowy mountain on a clear day", "a person is skiing outside in the snow"]
["A styrofoam container has beans and rice and carrots in it.", "A foam plated filled with rice beans and vegetables.", "A plate of mixed vegetables, beans and rice.", "This plate of food has vegetables and peppers in it.", "A styrofoam container filled with different kinds of vegetables."]
["A couple of slices of pizza sitting on top of a piece of tin foil.", "A partial piece of pizza with carrot and broccoli atop it.", "A piece of cheese and broccoli pizza on tin foil.", "A piece of chicken with broccoli and carrots on a sheet of aluminum foil. ", "A partially eaten piece of pizza on tin foil"]
["A snake on the ground next to a  shiny leaf.", "A snake that is in the dirt and plants.", "A snake crawling on the ground amid some leaves.", "A snake slithers on a ground covered with leaves.", "A medium-sized brown-colored worm wiggles as a large yellow slimy slug looks on."]
["A baboon is sitting eating a banana on the ground.", "A monkey sitting on the ground holding an open banana.", "A monkey sits on a rock holding a banana.", "A monkey sitting on the ground with a bannana", "A Red-Faced Baboon peeling a ripe banana for lunch."]
["A plate full of broccoli with fries and carrots", "A plate of stir fry vegetagbles with some brown sauce", "A plate of mixed vegetables covered with a brown sauce", "a dish in a bowl with colorful food on top of it", "A plate with stir fried broccoli and carrots with a brown sauce."]
["Professional skier performing tricks for a group of people at a ski resort.", "A person on skis up on a rail with a group of people watching.", "A crowd watches a skier perform a stunt on a rail.", "A group of people watching a person doing a trick on skis.", "A group of people watching a skier on a track."]
["a person is skiing and flipping on a mountain", "A skier is jumping into the air from a snowy slope.", "A skier does a tick after jumping off a ski jump.", "A person flying through the air while riding skis.", "a man skying very high on the snowy mountains"]
["A man skis over a plastic contraption on a ski slope. ", "A man skiing is doing a rail grind. ", "A skier traverses a ramp while being photographed. ", "A skier is in mid air by a yellow ramp.", "A man on skis doing a track while being photographed."]
["A plate of vegetables is placed on the dinner table.", "Plate with broccoli, carrots and meat on table with spoon cups and bowls.", "There is a large plate of vegetables and meat", "A plate full of food on a dining table.", "This dish contains cooked vegetables and chicken in a sauce."]
["A person on skis jumping high in the air", "Skier in mid air following jump performing trick.", "A man that is on skis jumping in the air.", "A skier jumping in the air in front of some power lines.", "A person wearing skis jumping in the air."]
["A person on a snow board high in the air.", "Skier in mid jump on mountain with poles extended", "a person jumping a pair of skis in the air ", "A skier in mid air on skis in the mountains ", "Skier performing aerial acrobatic maneuver in alpine ski area."]
["A skier flies and crosses his skis during a jump", "a skier wearing blue is doing a jump and a cable car", "A skiier jumping a hill next to a ski lift on a mountain.", "A person that is skiing in the air in the snow.", "A skier on skis in the air with the ski lift in the background."]
["Rows of unripe bananas on display in a store.", "a large group of bananas sitting in a few rows.", "Three rows of bunches of green bananas with stickers on them", "A large amount of bananas grouped together in a line.", "A shelf with three rows of green bananas."]
["Workers at indoor area  with bunches of unripened fruit.", "Workers are bagging bananas while at work together", "Workers are handling large quantities of green bananas.", "a number of people near many bunches of bananas ", "The workers are getting the bananas ready for sale."]
["A vegetable and cheese pizza with broccoli and tomatoes", "A meal made from vegetables, tomatoes, and spices.", "A pizza is topped with spinach, tomatoes, and broccoli.", "A meal containing spinach, tomatoes, cheese, and broccoli", "Broccoli, tomatoes, and spinach on a bed of melted cheese."]
["A skier stands posing while two others are skiing towards him.", "a group of people riding skis on a snowy surface", "A group of people standing on a ski slope with trees in the background.", "Three men walking along snow with their skis on.", "Three people are standing in the snow wearing snow skis."]
["A man riding skis down a snow covered ski slope.", "A skier leaning near a flag in the snow.", "a skier is seen bending down going down a hill", "A person on some skis in the snow.", "A person who is racing down a hill on snow skis."]
["A person on skis going down a mountain slope.", "A skier wearing a red, white and blue ski suit skis down a mountain.", "A person crouches low while skiing down a hill.", "A person leans over and skis down a snowy slope.", "A man riding skis down a snow covered slope."]
["a skier with a helmet and green ski poles ", "A person skiing down a hill with snow on it. ", "A man in a colorful ski suit rides on a pair of pinkish skis.", "A downhill skier turning in a tuck position.", "A skier with a multi color jersey scaling a slope."]
["Someone doing tricks on their skis at a ski slope. ", "A man flying through the air while riding a pair of skis.", "A skier high up in the air near a wire.", "Someone is doing tricks in the air with skis.", "a snow skier in a black jacket doing a trick"]
["The meal on the plate has turkey, dressing, and mashed potatoes.", "A plate if beef, mashed potatoes, turkey and bread.", "A plate full of food, including meat, potatoes, and a muffin", "a red and white plate with some meat potatoes and vegetables", "A plate of cooked different foods on a plate."]
["CARTOON DEPICTION OF A SNOW SKIER GOING DOWN THE SLOPES", "A cartoon character of a man sking down hill", "A cartoon drawing of a man riding skis down a slope.", "a cartoon of a man skiing down a hill ", "A cartoon image of a man on a pair of skis."]
["A person on skis flies high in the air, while someone down below takes a picture. ", "One man down as another flies through the air on skis.", "A skier in the air doing a jump over a show covered mound and a person laying on their back taking photos.", "A person on skis does an air trick.", "A skier doing a high jump while another lays in the snow watching."]
["A skier on a snow board taking a leap above a snow covered mountain.", "Man doing snowboard trick in air on snow.", "A snowboarder does a flip in the air during a trick.", "A guy does a flip on a snowboard. ", "A snowboarder is upside down as he comes off a jump"]
["A PERSON IS SKIING ON THE SNOW BANKS ", "A person standing on top of a ski slope wearing skis.", "A person on skis with their hands in the air.", "A person is on skis holding their arms up.", "A person wearing a blue jacket is on skis holding ski poles as he holds up his arms."]
["a woman in a white shirt is near a table", "An angled shot shows a tilted room with pink walls and someone's elbow close to a young woman holding part of a sandwich, with a tilted table top before her, on which rests a napkin.", "A young woman holding a knife and cutting something.", "A woman holding a large knife and a piece of food.", "A young woman holds a sandwich in one hand and a large knife in the other."]
["A group of people on skis stand on the snow.", "A group of men photographed together on a ski slope", "Three men posing for a picture, while skiing on a mountain top.", "A group of people riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "Three people posing on a mountain on skis and snowboards."]
["A skier is going down a snow covered hill.", "A person skiing downhill in a light flurry", "A down hill skier riding down a snow covered ski slope.", "A person skiing down a mountain in the snow. ", "person on skis and snow poles slides down snow"]
["A baby is eating a piece of broccoli from a plate.", "A little girl sits in her high chair chomping on a plate of broccoli.", "A baby eats a piece of broccoli from a plate.", "A baby in a high chair holds a piece of broccoli.", "A small baby girl eating a piece of broccoli."]
["A plate has bits of brown rice and broccoli. ", "Oats, broccoli, and green beans in a blue and white bowl.", "A white plate piled with barley and vegetables on it", "A white and blue plate holding rice and broccoli.", "A grain with broccoli on a white plate"]
["A man riding skis down the side of a snow covered mountain.", "A skier about to take off down a steep slope. ", "A man preparing to ski off a steep slope.", "a skier at he edge of a snowy mountian cliff", "A skier launching from an extremely steep slope on a sunny day."]
["A person riding downhill on skis on a snowy hill, with large mountains in the background. ", "A man going off the side of a mountain on a pair of skis.", "Skier with backpack down hill skiing in the sun", "A person is in the air skiing in the snow.", "a person skiing down a steep snowy hill\n"]
["A child that is playing on a toy out in the park.", "A child is playing in a recreational park.", "A child playing on a moving playground set.", "A child is playing on a yellow gym park set. ", "a small kid plays in a park "]
["The man is skiing down the mountainside. ", "A skier in the middle of a jump.", "A man on skis jumping through the air.", "Skier on red and black skis jumping near a mountain. ", "a man on skis jumping in the air"]
["A plate of food on a table with a person eating nearby.", "A plateful of food sitting on table in a cafeteria", "A sandwich with the ingredients overflowing into a large salad.", "Two plates of food, salt and pepper shaker and three drinks.", "A plate with a pile of food on it, on a dining table with bottles of drinks and a person sitting at the table eating."]
["A man loosing his skateboard from the back.", "A man falling off a skateboard at a skate park.", "The skateboarder has fallen off is the board.", "A skateboarder is in mid air after falling from his skate board.", "a guy about to fall standing on one leg looking to fall over"]
["A woman standing at next to tables loaded with fruits and vegetables.", "Carrots, potatoes, green beans, and corn at a market.", "Tables with several fruits and vegetables on display.", "several tables filled with fruit and vegetables in a parking lot.", "An above shot of several different fruits and vegetables. "]
["A box with a variety leafy green and root vegetables in it.", "A box of vegetables is sitting on a table.", "some veggies are in a small cardboard box", "A brown card board box filled with lots of green vegetables.", "Vegetables and lettuce going bad in a box"]
["A bunch of carrots that are next to lemons.", "Several bunches of carrots and a crate of lemons at a produce stand.", "a large bunch of carrots sitting on a table ", "Several bunches of carrots sitting beside a pile of lemons.", "The display of carrots is next to yellow lemons. "]
["A skier that just made a jump several feet up in the air.", "A person is skiing over a rock down a hill.", "A skiier jumps from a rock toward a snowy surface.", "A skier midair following a jump from a small hill.", "The skier jumps off a small, snowy cliff."]
["A plate of colorful vegetables and a cut of meat.", "Meat and vegetables elegantly displayed on a large plate", "A fancy meal with carrots on a white plate.", "a piece of roast with potatoes and carrots", "The meal on the dish is ready to be eaten."]
["A man riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.", "A person standing on a snowboard with knees bent and arms out on the snow with trees and snowy hills behind.", "a person in ski wear skiing on a ski board", "there is a male snowboarder coming down the hill", "A person on a snowboard going down a run."]
["A person in the snow on a snowboard.", "a man with a hat on a snow board on snow", "Black and white photograph of person on snowboard next to trees.", "A person wearing a snow suit coming down a hill on a snow board.", "Riding his snowboard, a man has a full snow suit on and is riding on a snow covered hill."]
["Snowboarder in blue coat performing aerial trick in alpine area.", "A snowboarder jumping and grabbing the board in the air.", "Snow boarder mid-air in view of ski lift.", "A snow boarder flies through a blue sky over a ski resort", "A person in blue grabbing a sno0wboard in the air"]
["A skateboarder in the middle of a trick on a concrete rail.", "A skateboarder rides a rail during a skill.", "A skateboarder riding his skateboard along a railing", "A man riding on his skateboard during the daytime. ", "A man dressed in warm clothes skateboarding in a public area."]
["A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "A man performs a skateboard trick in front of parked cars. ", "A teenager grinds his skateboard on a concrete rail", "A man skateboarding on a concrete bench bear a row of parked cars.", "A man on a concrete barrier on a skateboard."]
["A person riding skis down the side of a snow covered slope.", "You can barely see the lone skier in the snowstorm.", "A person riding some skis down a hill in blizzard like weather.", "a person is skiing on a snowy hill", "A person in a yellow ski jacket skiing down a hill. "]
["an extreme close up of pizza and a fork on a plate", "Cheese is the main dish of this dinner as it pours over the side.", "some kind of food with a fork going through it.", "A close up of a plate with an item covered with cheese.", "Most people don't eat pizza with a fork."]
["A man riding across a snow covered slope.", "A person by themselves leaving a trail on skis.", "A skier walks through the snow up the slope", "A skier climbs a snowy mountain lined with pine trees. ", "A cross-country skier moving away from the camera."]
["A swiss army knife with all of its accessories on display.", "A Swiss army knife with all its gadgets open", "A Swiss Army Knife with man different selections of knives.", "A Swiss army knife with all the tools pulled out.", "Someone is holding a Swiss Army Blade Knife with all of the tools pulled out."]
["A young kid with skiing gear on the snow", "A little girl standing in the snow holding skis in her arms.", "A young girl in pink holding a set of skis.", "a little girl that has a ski in hand", "A small girl holding skies in the snow "]
["a group of people are moving along a pathway while on skis.", "The skiers are using a special access path to return them to the hilltop.", "A ski resort area with various skiers in the snow and several in line on an automatic transport belt.", "Skiers look around while patiently waiting in a long line.", "A lot of people are lining up to snow boarding."]
["A little girl wearing a pink jacket holding two ski poles.", "a bunch of people that are skiing around in the snow", "A girl on snow skis with other people near by.", "a small kid on skis ride through the snow ", "A little girl that is standing on ski's in the snow."]
["A man riding a skateboard in front of a street sign.", "A man on a skateboard moving down a city street.", "A man wearing glasses can been seen on a skateboard.", "A man on a skateboard crossing Gayoso Avenue.", "A skateboarder is crossing the intersection of a street."]
["Boy in college shirt riding skateboard along curved rail.", "A man grinding a rail on a skateboard.", "a guy grinding his skateboard on a wooden post", "Man on a skateboard sliding down a railing.", "A man in a blue shirt and jeans skateboards on a wooden rail."]
["A skier with a backpack zooming down a snowy slope", "A man riding skis down the side of a snow covered slope.", "A lone skier makes his way down the mountain slope.", "Someone skiing down a large mountain covered in deep snow", "A man is skiing down a steep hill."]
["A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "Man with backpack hiking in snowy mountain above clouds.", "A skier is making his way up a hill as fog pushes through.", "A skier on a snow covered hill near some low level clouds.", "A man backpacking up the side of a mountain slope."]
["Multiple types of vegetables sitting in a card board box.", "Carrots lettuce and other vegetables in a box", "A box full of many kinds of vegetables.", "A box full of carrots and garden vegetables.", "A cardboard box full of a variety of fresh vegetables."]
["A group of men riding skis up the side of a ski slope.", "a number of people riding skis on a snowy surface", "A man is skiing down a snowy slope.", "Several people skiing down a slope by the mountains and around rocks. ", "a bunch of skiers are coming down a slope"]
["A lunch of two chili dogs and a grape soda.", "A brown lunch bag with grape soda, and two hot dogs with toppings. ", "A wooden table with two hotdogs in wrapping and a bottle of soda.", "Food on paper with a drink and paper bag", "two hotdogs on white sheets next to a grape soda from a brown bag"]
["To chili hot dogs and fries sitting on top of a white plate. ", "Two chili dogs and a side of french fries on a dinner plate.", "two chili dogs sitting next to some french fries ", "Two chili dogs and french fries on a plate", "Two chili dogs and french fries are sitting on a plate."]
["A white plate of food including a hot dog and pickles.", "An informal lunch sits on a checkered table cloth.", "There is a plate of a hot dog on a bun with chili and pasta dish", "There is a hotdog and a side dish on a plate.", "a plate with a coney dog, pasta salad and a fork on a red checkered table cloth"]
["A pastry meal sitting on a trey next to a bottle of orange soda,", "A pizza like piece of food and a drink on a table.", "A pastry and a bottle of orange soda on a red tray.", "A food tray holing a pastry and a drink.", "A red tray that has some food and an orange drink on it."]
["A man flying through the air on a snow board.", "A skateboarder does a trick high in the air.", "A snowboarder in the air doing a trick.", "A snowboarder is jumping in the air in the mountains", "A snowboarder flies high in the air in a snowy, mountainous area."]
["A man is standing on a snowboard beside a bag of bottles.", "A snowboarder in a red jacket is about to go downhill.", "A man on his snow board at the ski slope", "a male snowboarder in a red jacket rocks and trees", "A person is snowboarding on a mountain where the snow is melting. "]
["a person riding a snow board on a snowy surface", "There is a person that is on the snow bank on the slope", "This snowboarder keeps himself upright with his hand touching the ground.", "A person snowboarding down a hill running hand through snow.", "a man is going down a hill on a snowboard"]
["Man in a black jacket snowboarding down a hill.", "a person riding a snow board on a snowy slope", "A person on a snowboard going down a slope.", "A man skiing alone in a mountainous area with snow ", "A person riding skis down a ski slope."]
["A red plastic basket with two hot dogs on it.", "a plastic bowl with two hot dogs inside", "The two hot dogs are wrapped in paper.", "Two hot dogs with condiments in a plastic tray.", "A meal, with two loaded hotdogs, on a plastic plate."]
["Onion rings, a hot dog, and a sandwich are on a tray.", "a tray with a hot dog, hamburger and onion rings on it ", "A tray holding a hot dog a hamburger and some onion rings.", "This meal has a sandwich, onion rings, and a hot dog.", "A plate topped with onions rings next to a hamburger and hot dog."]
["A snowboarder in mid-air on a yellow board", "A snowboarder in the air on a Burton snowboard.", "A person in a red, black and blue coat riding a yellow \"Burton\" snow board in the snow. ", "The snowboarder is jumping through the snow on a yellow board.", "A person doing a trick in the air while snowboarding ."]
["A man riding a skateboard off the side of a rail.", "A skateboarder jumps up from a blue railing with people watching.", "A boy with a skate board is performing on an obstacle.", "a kid on a skate board doing a trick on a rail ", "a person doing a trick on a skateboard"]
["A snowboarder does a jump over a snowy slope.", "A snowboarder doing tricks on the side of a mountain.", "A snowboarder flies down a snowy slope on a sunny day.", "a boarder shredding the gnar on some powder", "SNOWBOARDER JUMPING FROM A RAMP MADE OF SNOW"]
["A bald man holding a hot dog in a white wrapper.", "A bald man wearing sunglasses eats a hot dog.", "A man in sunglasses holding a hot dog with some food in his mouth.", "A man eats a hotdog on a napkin.", " a man wearing sunglasses eating a big sandwich"]
["A guy is skiing there is a lot of snow .\n", "A man coming to rest after falling from a snowboard.", "The snowboarder fell down hard in the snow. ", "a person riding a snow board on a snowy surface", "A man wiping out on a blue snowboard."]
["A snowboarder is going downhill on the ground.", "A man falls down and his hat goes flying while snowboarding.", "A man falls down and loses his hat while snowboarding.", "A snowboarder losing his hat as he snowboards.", "A guy about to fall off a snowboard"]
["Man in jacket doing a trick on a snowboard.", "a person jumping a snow board in the air", "a person  wearing a snowboard jumping above the snow ", "A man flying through the air while riding a snowboard.", "A person riding on a snowboard doing a round on the snow."]
["A half eaten sandwich sitting on a plate on a table.", "A man points at his companions' plate as he dines on the patio on a sunny day.", "A plate that has a sandwich on it next to a drink.", "a man sits at a table in front of a plate of food ", "Two sandwhiches sitting on a plate with tooth picks in them"]
["A hotdog in a basket with french fries", "THERE IS A PLATE OF FRIED AND MEAT AND A A BUN", "A sausage on a bun next to very large fries.", "A plate full of food in a basket including meat and fries.", "A hot dog sits in a bun next to french fries."]
["A person doing a skiing trick in the air.", "Man on skis in mid air during jump.", "a person on skis in the middle of a jump", "A man on skis performing a ski jump.", "A skier is mid air at a ski resort."]
["A plastic tray that has a sub and chips on it.", "A long sandwich is on a table with chips.", "a sandwich with chips on a tray ", "A sandwich and chips on a tray with a drink.", "The long sandwich next to chips is cut into halves. "]
["A couple of women together who are eating.", "A woman is sitting in the grass eating while another drinks coffee.", "two ladys sitting side by side with one holding a pastry up too her mouth", "Two young women sitting together eating and drinking", "A woman holding up a doughnut into her mouth."]
["A young person becoming airborne while riding a snow board.", "A snow boarder leaping midway in the air.", "A snow boarder coming down a snowy hill.", "A snowboarder making a high jump over the snowy slope.", "A snow boarder doing tricks in the air while the ski lift operates in the background."]
["A group of young men standing next to each other holding up snowboards.", "Two guys holding snowboards, in front of a sponsor backdrop, with another man standing to the side.", "two young men hold snowboards on a platform", "a couple of snow boarders in front of a press conference ", "Two men holding snowboards while smiling in front of a backdrop."]
["A woman holding a stick with lots of wieners on it.", "Some people with a bunch of hot dogs on some big forks.", "Two people are holding up their hot dog roasting sticks that have five hot dogs on them.", "Two people roasting hot dogs outside on a stick.", "Two people holding skewers with a bunch of hot dogs on them to cook."]
["There are many little sandwiches on the plate.", "Many sandwich pieces have tooth picks through them.", "a couple of sandwiches are sitting on a plate", "A triple decker sandwich is cut into quarters.", "A white plate topped with four club sandwiches."]
["a woman standing next to a pit cooking hot dogs", "A woman is cooking several hotdogs outside in a open field.", "A woman is cooking hot dogs on a grill.", "Adult preparing food items using large grill outdoors.", "A woman that is standing in front of a grill."]
["a close up of a tray of food with a sandwich on a table", "A lot of food that is on top of a table.", "an image of  tray of food at a restaurant ", "The fast food meal is in a plastic basket lined with paper.", "A sandwich is topped with bacon and sided with slaw and beans."]
["A speciality drink and roll prepared on a plate.", "A beverage and some food are sitting on a wooden table.", "A large meal is sitting on a couple of plates.", "A couple of white plates topped with different types of food.", "Two plates of food on a table next to each other."]
["Man jumps aloft while balanced on a snowboard.", "A snowboarder is jumping while going downhill in the mountains.", "a man doing tricks on his snow board on top of a mountain", "a person riding a snow board on a snowy slope", "A man is snowboarding down a snow-covered hillside. "]
["A man coming down the hill on ski's.", "A man skiing on a very snowy hill during the day.", "A person \"jumps\" over a snow-covered mountain on skis.", "a person jumping in the air above a snow covered bank while wearing skis.", "The skier took a high jump doing down the snow covered hill. "]
["A display case filled with assorted flavored donuts.", "Trays of glazed donuts are displayed with signs.", "a display case filled with trays of assorted donuts", "The display case is filled with a variety of delicious looking donuts, including glazed and chocolate frosted.", "A store display of various donut styles for sale."]
["A home made pizza and some wine on a table ", "A pizza is seen with a glass of wine on a table.", "A large pizza with meat and vegetable toppings with a glass of red wine.", "The pizza on the table is next to a bottle and a glass of red wine. ", "A meal of pizza and wine set on a table."]
["A pizza sitting inside of a card board box.", "a drink is sitting next to a pizza in a box", "A personal pizza in a box with 20 ounce soda pop", "A pizza in the box and a Dr. Pepper cola.", "The pizza is prepared and ready to be eaten"]
["a sugar donut with a bite taken out of it", "A glazed and sugar speckled donut with a bite missing", "A sugar doughnut with a bite taken out. ", "Partially eaten cake doughnut with sugar sprinkle topping.", "A sugar doughnut with a bite out of it is held out by two fingers."]
["A blue basket filled with donuts on top of a table.", "Donuts in baskets are displayed by people sitting at a table.", "Doughnuts topped with chocolate and powdered sugar sit in plastic trays.", "Containers that are filled with doughnuts to be served", "There are several trays filled with doughnut sandwiches."]
["a lady holds a basket of donuts and muffins with a bride in the background", "An elderly lady holding a bin full of donuts next to two other women.", "A woman holds a tray of doughnuts while walking next to a bride.", "A woman holding a green box filled with doughnuts.", "A women who is holding a box full of doughnuts. "]
["A living area with a desk, laptop and surfboard.", "A surfboard leaning against the wall next to a sliding glass door.", "A hotel room with a surfboard laying against the wall", "A light blue room with a large glass double door and a surfboard leaning against the wall.", "A surfboard, desk, chair and laptop sitting by a window."]
["A huge shot of almost an entire football field during the game. ", "A filled football stadium with large clear balls and several people on the field.", "A view of a field with giant plastic balls on it.", "A field with large clear balls and a large amount of people in the bleachers. ", "A picture of a playing field from the stands during a game."]
["a processing machine with a bunch of doughnuts on it ", "A kitchen with donuts on a conveyor belt. ", "Donuts move along an automated assembly line in a factory.", "Fresh donuts on a conveyor belt in the ready for glazing.", "The donuts are slowly going down the assembly line."]
["A group of people standing around a table with food on top of it.", "People are gathered around a table with food.", "A large grou is standing near a table with condiments, paper plates, and an open box. ", "People are at a picnic table looking at a woman in red.", "A group of people standing next to a table"]
["A teenager in a soccer uniform kicking a soccer ball.", "The soccer player is running to kick the ball.", "A man in white shirt with soccer ball on a field.", "A soccer player getting ready to kick a ball.", "a soccer player in the process of kicking the ball"]
["A woman standing in a kitchen preparing food.", "A woman in red hoodie standing next to a cake on cooling rack.", "A woman smiles while standing next to a cake on the stove.", "A lady making something in a home kitchen of some sort.", "A young woman has just made a cake she gives a thumbs-up to as sme smiles at the camera. "]
["The soccer player in blue edges out her opponent.", "Two competitors fight over the ball in a soccer game.", "a couple of girls are playing soccer in a field", "Two girls on opposite teams are fighting for the soccer ball.", "a couple of people that are kicking around a soccer ball"]
["A couple of sandwiches in a food basket", "A sandwich with turkey, avocado, tomatoes and lettuce with french fries aside.", "Sandwich plate with checkered napkins and see through dinner table. ", "A person sitting in front of a plate with a sandwich and fries on it.", "A large sandwich cut in half on top of checkered paper."]
["there is a woman sitting on a blanket having a picnic ", "this is a woman having a picnic near a tree", "A person sitting at a picnic, eating some food.", "Woman sitting on the ground in front of a small picnic. ", "A woman sitting on the ground with lots of food."]
["A person is doing something by itself and interesting.", "Girls are playing soccer on a soccer field. ", "Young women are playing soccer with a woman going after the ball.", "This is a women's soccer game and a woman in white uniform is about to kick the ball.", "A female soccer player running towards a soccer ball."]
["A cakeshop sign sitting outside of a cakeshop store.", "A cake shop store front with a sandwich board side in front.", "There is a store window advertising that it is a cake shop.", "A cake shop with an orange sign outside of it.", "You don't find many cake shops any more."]
["A table prepared with food is seen in this image.", "A table full of food with a glass of water.", "A table with several plates of food on it.", "One plate has sandwiches and fries and two other plates have dark green salads. ", "The food is ready to be eaten on the table."]
["A man holding a red and white surfboard in front of an elevator door.", "A man takes his photo in the mirror while holding a surfboard", "A man is holding a surfboard on an elevator.", "A man holding a surf board stands in an elevator taking a selfie.", "A man with his surfboard in an elevator taking a picture."]
["A man in a white shirt and a woman in a white dress hold a knife over a blue decorated cake.", "a newly married couple cutting up a colorful wedding cake.", "A couple cut a bright, neon cake together.", "THERE IS A COUPLE THAT IS CUTTING A CKAE \n", "Man and woman cutting a ceremonial cake, together."]
["Three surfers take their positions to ride an ocean wave.", "one surfer on a surfboard and two people in the water", "A man standing on a surf board riding a wave of crystal blue water.", "a shirtless male is surfing on a white board", "The man is riding the waves on the water."]
["A couple of people walking across a beach with a surfboard.", "there is a man and a boy walking in the water", "a boy following a man holding a surfboard in the water ", "As the sun sets, a boy and his father take their surfboard out of the water.", "Two surfers at sunset in the dark ocean"]
["A couple uses a knife to cut the cake. ", "A man and a woman cutting a cake together.", "The bride and groom cutting a three layer cake.", "A young married couple cutting a white wedding cake.", "A couple cut a cake next to a vase."]
["A white plate with a fried chicken sandwich.", "A closeup of the lunch shows a sandwich with pickles and onions on the side.", "A plate of chicken, onions, pickles and bread.", "Chicken sandwich on a white plate with mixed condiments. ", "A sandwich on a plate with pickles and onion."]
["A woman sitting at a table with birthday decorations.", "a woman is sitting with a birthday cake and some candles", "A woman sitting in front of a birthday cake, posing for a picture.", "A women who is sitting by a birthday cake.", "A woman sitting at a table with a cake with candles."]
["A white plate holding a piece of cake and frosting.", "A piece of cake is served on a plate.", "A slice of cake served with a flower on top", "A piece of cake with icing is on a plate.", "A slice of decorated cake with an orchid on top"]
["several guys playing soccer one is headbutting the ball ", "A group of people and an official player soccer.", "A group of young men play soccer at night.", "a group of male soccer players play on a field on jumps up with the ball in the air ", "Soccer players jump for the ball while playing."]
["Athletes on field during sanctioned tournament at night.", "Three men paying soccer on a paying field near the net.", "A soccer player getting ready to kick the ball.", "THER EIS A MAN THAT IS PLAYING SOCCER ON THE FIELD ", "Some soccer players are running and playing a game. "]
["A bedroom decorated with a blue underwater theme.", "A fish tank is inside a underwater themed bed room.", "There is a room with an ocean scene on the walls.", "A room is decorated to look like an aquarium. ", "A blue bedroom with aquarium-like murals painted on the walls. "]
["A pretty young lady laying in bed using a laptop.", "Woman in a white shirt laying in bed looking at a laptop. ", "A woman is on a bed using a laptop computer.", "A woman sitting on her bed working on her laptop.", "A woman lying on a bed holding a laptop."]
["Two pictures wide by side shows a man walking to a snowboard and standing on it", "a male in a white shirt is surfing in some dirt", "A man riding a ski down a dirt covered hillside.", "A man is balancing on a broken sign in the dirt", "The dual image shows a man walking to a striped line then standing on it."]
["A pan of brownies has several cut pieces and a fork in it.", "A giant pan of brownies sitting on top of a counter.", "A pan of brownies with a knife in it and several missing.", "A baking tin filled with brownies with a knife.", "Brownies in a pan that have been cut into some pieces with a knife. "]
["A group of people walking on top of a sandy beach.", "A man and a woman walking on the beach while another man is walking with a surfboard. ", "Man carrying surfboard at beach with adult couple nearby.", "A man on the beach who is carrying a surfboard.", "A man with a surfboard walk along the beach in front of a couple."]
["Man riding a surf board across the crest of  wave", "A man on a surfboard who is riding a wave.", "A man surfs in a large wave in the water.", "The surfer is surfing in very green water.", "A man with a surfboard riding an ocean wave."]
["A person catching a wave on a surf board.", "A surfer on a surfboard flying through the air.", "a male surfer in a blue shirt on a orange and white board", "a man on a surf board ride up a wave ", "A surfer on his surfboard doing a trick while riding a wave."]
["A person in a wet suit while riding a wave on a surfboard. ", "A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "a surfer riding a beautiful green ocean wave", "The surfer is concentrating on the big wave.", "a person is surfing on a wave at the beach"]
["A bed covered in creepy black blankets and pillow cases ", "A twin-size wooden bed with black bedding is in a room with wooden furniture.", "A bedroom with wooden furniture and brick walls", "A room with a bed that has black bedding.", "A bedroom scene with focus on the bed."]
["a man walking out of the water with his surfboard", "A bunch of people stand in the shallow water at the beach.", "People in the water and on the sand at the beach.", "A group of people at a beach and a child that fell off his boogie board in the ocean. ", "A group of people that are standing in the ocean."]
["A woman in a wet suit rides a surfboard.", "A woman in a wet suit standing on a surfboard in the ocean.", "A person is riding on a snowboard in the ocean.", "Woman surfer at the end of her run, near the beach.", "there is a woman that is riding a small wave on a surf board"]
["The surfer is surfing on top of the waves. ", "A person riding a large wave in the ocean on a surfboard.", "A surfer riding the crest of a single wave ", "a person on a surfboard riding a wave in the water", "A surf boarder stands as he rides a wave."]
["Two guys leaning against a surf board on the beach.", "Two men sitting on a surfboard on the beach.", "Two men laughing while sitting on a blue surf board.", "Father and son perched on the edge of a tipped up surfboard on the beach. ", "Two surfers sitting on a board on the beach."]
["Some people gathered by a very pretty river as a person surfs.", "people that are standing next to some running water", "People watching a person on a surfboard, riding waves on a river.", "A man standing next to a woman on a dirt shore.", "a couple of people are walking through a river"]
["Various people are acknowledging life and having an unfathomable moment. \n", "People with a without surfboards watching a surfer in the water.", "a surfer in a wet suit is surfing in a canal", "People watching someone surfing on waves in a river.", "A person in a wet suit riding a surfboard on a wave."]
["a bedroom with a bed and a window ", "A bed against a window with light shining through.", "A bed sitting under a curtain covered window.", "The bed has two pillows and a blanket on top of it.", "An unmade bed is shown under a window with two sets of curtains."]
["A man in a black suit kicking around a soccer ball.", "A man in a suit kicking a soccer ball", "A man kicking a ball on an open soccer field.", "A man dressed in a black suit and shoes kicking a soccer ball.", "A man in a suit misses when he tries to kick a soccer ball."]
["Two people riding the waves on their surf boards.", "A couple of men riding on waves in the ocean.", "Two surfers catching a wave in the ocean.", "two surfers and one is riding a white board ", "Two men are surfing in the ocean waves."]
["A very cute plate with some tasty looking treat.", "Two pieces of lemon coffee cake sitting on a plate beside a fork. ", "A pink plate topped with a piece of cake.", "A frosted dessert on a pink plate next to some cut flowers.", "A piece of cake and for that are on a plate."]
["A soccer goalie and a player face off in a game.", "A soccer goalie preparing to stop a ball.", "this is a soccer goalie standing in front of the net", "Two young men practice soccer on a field.", "A man standing in a soccer goals preparing to stop a ball."]
["A man holding a surf board in his hands walking towards the beach. ", "A person with a surfboard on a beach.", "A man with his surf board is approaching the water. ", "A man with a surfboard walking on a beach toward the water.", "A lone man on a big empty beach with a surf board."]
["A cooked pizza with different toppings sitting on a pan. ", "A plate of pizza, fork, knife and glasses on the table", "There is a pizza and a fork on the table.", "A pizza on a pizza pan on a table ", "A large pizza is sitting atop a dining table, with several toppings."]
["a girl laying on an inflatable mattress in a pool ", "A young girl with goggles is using a float to relax in the pool.", "the girl floats in the pool on her barbie float", "A girl floating on a raft in a pool.", "A little girl on a Barbie raft out in a pool. "]
["A woman in a bikini sitting on a towel on the beach.", "A woman in a bathing suit sitting on the beach.", "A girl in a bikini sits on a towel at the beach and holds a pastry.", "The woman is in a bathing suit sitting on the beach. ", "A girl in a bikini is sitting on a towel at the beach."]
["A little girl is standing by a see-through curtain.", "A ten filled with a creepy punk rocker snowman smothered in purple lights.", "A girl in pajamas stands underneath her purple sheets.", "A person is standing under pink sparkly material, like a tent.", "A person is standing inside a purple tent."]
["Two people eating pizza and drinking a soft drink ", "A man and woman eat pizza and drink soda.", "Two friends sit at a counter enjoying pizza.", "A man and a woman are eating large slices of pizza", "Two friends eat pizza fresh out of the box with soda nearby,"]
["A queen size bed with a painting over it", "A made bed with a picture on the wall above it.", "A beige color bedroom with a ferris wheel bedspread.", "A bed with a photograph hanging above it. ", "A bed with a scene of a carnival on the sheets."]
["some kids sleeping in a bedroom with a pirate theme to it", "A red and white pirate bed with two people sleeping in it.", "two kids asleep in a pirate themed room.", "Two children are sleeping in the pirate themed room", "A pirate them bedroom with children in the bed is pictured."]
["Two cats sleeping on top of a bed next to pillows.", "Two identical cats have taken their rightful places on a crisp white bed.", "two cats siting on a bed with a white blanket.", "Two cats are relaxing on a pristine white bed.", "Two cats are laying on a white bed with a striped pillow between them."]
["Two cats sleeping next to an older person in a bed.", "one cat and one dog lying on a comforter next to a person asleep on the bed.", "A woman is sleeping in bed between two cats. ", "An older person lays in bed with a small dog and large cat cuddled up.", "a cat and a dog lay on either side of a sleeping person in a bed"]
["A bedroom has wooden brown floors made of planks.", "a neatly made bed between adjoining bedside tables", "there is a bed with a comforter that has the statue of liberty ", "A room with a bed, headboard, two tables and a comforter. ", "A bed that is made with a comforter and pillows with the statue of liberty on it "]
["Cats sitting next to each other on furniture.", "The fur of a cat with another full cat next to it.", "This is a picture taken from the perspective of a cat.", "A view of a cat while looking down the back of a different cat.", "One cat lies on a red blanket and is looking at another one."]
["Cats curled up and asleep on a bed during the day", "a number of cats laying in a bed  ", "several cats sleeping close to a persons back.", "Three cats laying next to a person on a bed.", "Several cats are taking a nap on a bed."]
["A baby with his binky sleeping on a pillow in the middle of a bed.", "There is a baby sleeping on the bed.", "a baby laying in a bed with pillows", "The baby is laying on the big bed. ", "A baby sleeping on top of a bed on a pillow."]
["A pretty lady laying in bed with a large black dog.", "A lady and a baby laying on a bed with the family dog.", "A women holding a baby on a bed with a dog.", "A woman with a baby lies in bed next to a dog.", "A woman with a baby sleeping with a dog"]
["A plate of beans with salad with side sauces.", "A plate with chili in a crust and dipping sauces.", "a plate witha pizza and condiments on teh side", "a Mexican-style pizza sits on a plate with a knife and small cups of salsa and sour cream.", "A taco salad with a side of salsa and sour cream are sitting on a white plate."]
["A brown and white cat lying on a bed", "A cat lying on a pillow on a bed", "a cat sitting on a bed covered with pillows", "An orange and white cat laying on a bed", "A cat is laying on a bed next to some pillows."]
["A couple of people walking down a  sidewalk holding tennis racquets.", "two people walking on a city street holding tennis rackets", "Two men wearing shorts hold several tennis rackets each.", "A pair of men carrying tennis racquets down a sidewalk.", "two men walk down the street holding tennis rackets"]
["Five cats are sleeping on a bed with a red bedspread.", "Several cats taking naps on the bed, one a beanbag chair.", "A bed filled with lots of cats sleeping on top of it.", "Several cats laying on a bed with a red cover on it.", "Group of cats sitting on top of a bed with red blankets. "]
["A computer screen is off with no picture.", "Information on a computer screen is hidden when looking from above.", "The corner of a computer monitor that is turned to the off position.", "We are looking at the top right corner of the screen on a laptop.", "The sides of a black and white screen or object."]
["A bed that can fold into a cabinet when not in use", "A small model of a bed and the wall behind it.", "A model block of a bed pulled down from a wall.", "Three dimensional model of a bed that folds out from a wall", "A bed sitting inside of a cracked up wall."]
["a bed sitting inside of a bedroom on a wooden floor.", "a bed room with a neatly made bed and a chair ", "A beautifully maintained bedroom with rustic charm features natural wood. ", "A bed on hard wood floor in a room with three doors.", "The bed in the room has a large quilt on it. "]
["A living area with several chairs and a lot of color", "A room with a dining table and a rocking chair.", "a room with a lot of chairs and a big rug ", "THERE IS AN IMAGE OF A LIVING ROOM WITH ROCKERS", "A large orange rug in a room with many chairs and a rocking chair."]
["Two woman are playing paddle board on a beach. ", "Two woman on a beach holding paddles for a game", "Two women on a cliff side beach hold paddles and are in the midst of bouncing a ball between them. ", "Two young women playing a game of Frisbee on a beach.", "Two women who are holding discs on a beach."]
["A woman that is standing up with a racquet.", "a women that is standing up with a racket", "a woman is playing tennis with a racket", "A young woman with a taped knee plays tennis.", "The young lady tennis player is holding a racket."]
["A young man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "Man in blue shirt and white shorts playing tennis.", "A man runs to return the tennis ball.", "a man on a tennis court running to hit a ball", "A man running while on a tennis court."]
["A woman hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.", "A woman watches the tennis ball she just hit.  ", "A young lady holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.", "A tennis player follows through on a contact with the ball.", "Females tennis player holding your racket up to a ball. "]
["a woman holding a tennis racquet on a court.", "A woman in a blue shirt and blue skirt playing tennis.", "A woman in a blue shirt is holding a tennis racquet.", "young woman gets ready to hit a tennis ball", "A tennis player crouches slightly waiting for the serve."]
["A pretty young lady running towards a tennis ball while holding a tennis racquet.", "A lady tennis player is taking a shuffle to return the ball.", "A woman playing tennis is going after the ball.", "A woman stricking a tennis ball with her tennis racket on the court", "A woman on a tennis court preparing a forehand swing"]
["A young lady standing on a  tennis court with a racquet.", "A woman that is on a tennis court with a racquet.", "A female tennis player on a tennis court leaning forward and holding a racquet low down", "a young women playing a game of tennis ", "A woman playing tennis on an indoor court."]
["A sweating man hits a tennis ball with a racquet.", "A guy wearing a blue shirt hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racket. ", "A young man is swinging at a tennis ball.", "A guy in a blue shirt hits a tennis ball. ", "A bly is hitting a ball with a racket."]
["A man hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racquet.", "A guy is jumping up to hit a tennis ball with his racket.", "A man hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racket at the tennis courts.", "A young man jumps to return a tennis ball.", "A tennis player caught jumping up to hit the ball"]
["A woman on a court with a tennis racket.", "a lady wearing a blue shirt and white shorts playing tennis", "A woman standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "Tennis player posed and ready to hit the ball.", "A woman with a tennis racket runs on a court."]
["A tennis player in action on the court.", "a girl that has a tennis racket on a court", "A woman on the tennis court getting ready to do a backhand swing ", "a tennis player swinging a racket at a ball", "A person on a court with a tennis racket."]
["Indian man getting ready to serve a yellow ball.", "A man preparing to serve a tennis ball.", "A man is playing tennis with a racquet and ball.", "A man getting ready to hit a tennis ball .", "A man holding a tennis racquet and tennis ball."]
["There is a man swinging a tennis racket on a court", "A man prepares to swing at the tennis ball", "A male tennis player about to hit a ball", "A man swinging a tennis racket at a tennis ball.", "A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet."]
["A cooked italian pie is on round white plate on the table with silver spoons and forks randomly scattered around it.", "This pizza looks unappetizing, uninspired and unevenly baked.", "A plate of pizza that is on the table.", "A plate of pizza sits next to several spoons.", "A pizza on a plate surrounded by silverware forks and spoons"]
["A small pizza on a metal dish sitting on a wood colored table.", "A person picks up a slice of cooked pizza.", " HAND REACHING FOR PIZZA ON TRAY, WITH GLASS ON TABLE", "A man reaching into a dish for a slice of pizza.", "A man is taking a slice of thin pizza"]
["A man eating a giant slice of pizza over a table.", "A guy blowing on a hot piece of pizza.", "a male thats wearing a black shirt is eating some food", "A person sitting at a table blowing on a piece of pizza.", "A man is taking a big bite of a folded pizza in a cafe."]
["there is a small white slice of pizza on a white plate", "A pizza sitting on top of a table with a slice missing.", "A slice of pizza and a glass of wine.", "A slice of pizza by a pan and glass of wine.", "A slice of pizza on a white ceramic plate."]
["These people are eating a slice of pizza.", "A group of three people sitting on a bench holding plates of food.", "A bunch of people sitting down eating pizza", "A girl smiling between two guys while eating pizza.", "Three youngsters enjoying pizza on paper plates during the day."]
["A table filled with some tasty looking pizza.", "A couple of plates on a table topped with pizza.", "A half eaten pizza on a table with dishes. ", "A table with a half of a pizza and dirty dishes.", "a half eaten pizza sits on a table top"]
["a team of pizza makers holding a fresh pizza", "The three workers is showing there cheese pizza", "a group of kids pose in front of a pizza ", "some kids standng in the kitchen with a cheese pizza on a tray", "Three people pose for the camera while holding a pizza."]
["A pizza sitting in a pizza box topped with pepperoni.", "A pizza box is opened to show a pizza with pepperoni, peppers, and mushrooms.", "a pizza with pepperoni and peppers in a box", "a close up of an open box of pizza ", "A box holding a pizza with pepperoni toppings."]
["Four women lined up on a tennis court holding racquets.", "four women crossing their rackets while taking a photo ", "an old photo of a group of tennis players with a racket", "a group of women tennis players pose for a picture ", "The four women are holding their tennis rackets."]
["an image of two stacks of pizzas in a box", "Several handmade or thick crust pizzas in boxes on tables.", "Stacks of bread are piled on round tables at a restaurant.", "A table topped with lots of pizza crust.", "Pizza crusts sit in open boxes on round tables."]
["A man touching bread sitting on top of a counter.", "A person with a knife cuts a food item in pieces.", "A man is cutting into a large piece of food", "A person cutting a bread product on a bowl plate.", "A man holds a knife as he cuts food on the counter."]
["A woman in a pink top serving a ball in a tennis match.", "Many spectators watching a woman serve the ball.", "A female tennis player is holding her racket high in the air on the blue court.", "A tennis player playing tennis in front of a large crowd.", "Female tennis player in pink and white outfit with crowd watching. "]
["A tennis player is holding his racket and waiting for the ball.", "A man is holding a tennish racquet while he competes.", "a tennis player holding a racket on a court", "A man standing on top of a blue tennis court holding a racquet.", "A man is on the blue tennis court with his racket. "]
["A man taking a swing at a tennis ball", "A tennis match in progress with one of the contestants throwing the ball into the air getting ready to serve.", "The tennis player tries in vain to hit the high ball.", "A tennis player tosses a ball straight up into the air on a tennis court.", "A tennis player playing a match and throwing up the ball, about to serve."]
["a shot of a man from below as he holds a pen to his mouth", "A man is concentrating while chewing on a pen.", "A man brushes his teeth while his picture is taken.", "\"Sink eye view\" of man brushing his teeth.", "A man brushes his teeth under harsh lighting."]
["Two kids are smiling playing in a bathtub.", "tHERE ARE TWO YOUNG KIDS PLAYING IN A TUB", "Two children are in a bathtub with an inflatable toy. ", "Two children in a bathtub with a large inflatable bath pillow. ", "Two children playing in a bubble bath. "]
["Two couch cushions are supported by wooden frames", "Two couches sit in a living room. ", "a living room with two couches a lamp and windows", "Living room furniture with two couches arranged by two windows.", "The living room with crimson sofa and brown sofa with papers on it."]
["A box robot standing by a toothbrush with toothpaste on it.", "A toothbrush with toothpaste with a block robot standing beside it.", "The toothbrushes with toothpaste on them are next to box statuettes. ", "There is toothpaste on the bristles of a pink toothbrush on the counter in front of a sculpture made of miniature Amazon boxes.", "A cardboard figure stands behind a tooth brush."]
["A little girl chews on the end of a party noise maker", "A little kid that is brushing her teeth.", "a young girl holding a toothbrush in her mouth", "A young girl holding a party horn in her mouth.", "A child getting ready to blow a party horn."]
["Two people stand with Wii remotes in their hands.", "an image of a couple playing video game", "two people standing up near each other playing nintendo wii", "A man and woman playing a game with a Nintendo Wii controller.", "a man standing beside a woman while using a wii mote "]
["Two people are lounging on a couch near computers.", "The couch is perfect for watching the tv shows.", "A man and a woman lounging on a red leather couch.", "two people sitting on a couch watching tv ", "Two apple products with two people lounging behind them."]
["A kitchen and dining room mixed together ", "The living room and kitchen space for a small living area.", "A table that is in a dirty room.", "Apartment interior showing kitchen, eating and living areas", "An apartment kitchen and living room with matching wood decor."]
["Several guys in a living room watching a video game.", "Two men are playing a game with controllers in a living room.", "Some friends are having fun playing a game on a video game console. ", "a group of guys playing with the wii", "A group of men sitting and watching two playing games on a TV."]
["A dining area with a table, television and door to kitchen.", "A room that has a table, six chairs, and a TV.", "A table and some chairs in a room.", "A break room with a table, chairs and a television.", "A wooden table surrounded by chairs next to a TV.."]
["a man in a santa suit holding onto a wii mote next to another man holding a wiimote as well", "two men holding game controllers in front of a laptop screen.", "Two people play with wii remotes in front of a computer.", "A man in a Christmas outfit is playing a video game.", "A man dressed up like Santa Clause holding a Nintendo Wii controller."]
["A very neat living room with the television on.", "A television set playing a show in a room with furniture.", "A very clean living room with the TV on.", "A TV in the middle of a living room.", "A living room with a flat screen TV and couch."]
["A table sitting before a doorway with an arched top.", "A dining room table looking through an arch into another room.", "A dining table with a glass, a basket of round balls and a book sitting on the table.", "graceful windows and an arched doorway are featured in this house", "This room has a table which has a basket on it."]
["A couple of windows in a small room.", "An apartment's living room only has a lamp, no other furniture.", "A near-empty apartment shows  a standing pole, wooden floors and full-length windows with a skyline behind them.  ", "a wooden floor by a next windows and a lamp", "A room with wooden floors and large windows."]
["A very neatly kept retro 1969s looking living room set.", "A large room features a wall shelf with drawers and a brown sofa and wood coffee table.", "A  large living room area with matching features.", "A living room has a couch, a table, and a small television.", "A living room with television and lights turned on."]
["A living room filled with furniture and lamps.", "A living room holds two brown couches, several lamps and has a large curtain on one wall.", "Living room with dark brown curtain and 2 brown couches with lamp lamps with wood bases.", "A seating area with two couches, a bench, and two tables with lamps. ", "a living room with old fashioned furniture and a light is on "]
["Two people play an interactive video game in a living room.", "A man and woman playing a video game together.", "A man playing wii games with a woman.", "A man and a woman holding Nintendo Wii controllers.", "A man and a woman enjoying the Nintendo Wii."]
["A empty living room area with a mat on the floor, and balloons.", "A living room with rug and table is shown.", "A room with a hammock and balloons hanging from the ceiling.", "A living room filled with furniture and lots of windows.", "Many scattered objects on a purple rug near some balloons. "]
["A boy raising his arm with a video game controller.", "A young blonde kid playing with a Wii remote. ", "A child in a green tshirt is playing a WII game.", "A picture of a kid swing his arm with a Wii controller.", "Someone is waiving their controller while playing a video game."]
["A young boy holding a Wii game controller.", "The little boy has  a white stitch in his hand", "a young kid playing with a wii remote ", "a young boy is holding a video game console controller", "A little kid holding a Nintendo Wii controller."]
["A living room is decorated with old-fashioned, floral patterns. ", "A living room filled with furniture and a window.", "A living room with floral upholstery and curtains.", "A long narrow room with a window at the far end.  ", "A room with three chairs, a bed, and a dresser. "]
["there is a boy that is playing a video game", "A young man holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.", "A child with a Wii remote and nunchuk in his hands", "A child has video game controllers in his hand.", "A white joystick held by a child for a video game."]
["A man is pointing at something in a living room scene.", "The men play a wii, while the women play with a DS.", "Two men and child prepare to play a game while two women read.", "Small group of people playing video games in a living room.", "Two men play video games with family in the background."]
["A group of young people sitting on a couch next to a guy playing a Nintendo Wii.", "Three people sitting a room, one holding a Wii controller.", "Three people are sitting in a living room playing with technology.", "Several people lounging on a couch reading and watching television.", "Two women sit on a couch reading while a young man plays a video game."]
["A man is playing with a Wii controller as his friends watch.", "A guy is playing the Wii while people watch.", "a man is holding some video game console controllers", "A young man holding Nintendo Wii game controllers.", "A guy playing the nintendo wii has a blast of a time"]
["A shirtless man with a hairy chest holding a remote", "A man with crazy  hair holding a Nintendo Wii controller.", "A very hairy white man celebrating with his wii remotes.", "A shirtless man holding a game controller over his head.", "A shirtless man holding a Nintendo Wii control above his head."]
["A man with crazy hair holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.", "A group of men hanging out together .", "A man without a shirt is standing holding a Wii controller.", "A man playing with a remote controller in front of others.", "A man playing a video game on the Wii."]
["A desk with a computer and lots of figurines.", "A desktop with several toy figurines and a computer.", "A laptop sitting on an desk surrounded by toys.", "A crowded desk with a laptop and lamp.", "There is a laptop on a crowded desk."]
["Four photographs of the portions of a keyboard and a mouse.", "Different angles of a keyboard and a mouse.", "A display of different angles of a keyboard and a wireless mouse.", "Four panel image of computer keyboard and mouse.", "A collage of four photos, three of them show a keyboard the other a mouse."]
["A couple of monitors, a laptop, keyboard, mouse and a printer.", "A computer desk has a laptop and two monitors.", "A computer setup featuring 3 monitors and a printer.", "A desk that has three computers and a printer on it.", "A desk with a laptop, iMac, an extra monitor and a printer."]
["A computer desk holding a monitor and keyboard in front of blinds.", "A computer monitor sitting on top of a table next to a keyboard.", "a computer screen shows a menu with different menu options", "There is a computer screen with a white keyboard in front of it.", "A computer keyboard and monitor on a desk."]
["A woman looking at a picture on a computer", "Someone is looking at iPod cases on their computer screen.", "Person sitting down in front of a white computer looking at the screen. ", "A women seated at the computer looking at designs on her monitor.", "A woman viewing an Ipod Armband on a computer screen."]
["A desk with a desktop computer and a couple of monitors.", "A desk with two three monitors and two keyboards.", "Several computers turned on on an office desk.", "There are three different computer systems in this room.", "A computer desk with three monitors on it."]
["A room in a private house for loosening up and institutionalizing. \n", "a wood florida in a office with a apple desk top ", "someone using a trash can as a seat for a desk ", "A computer desk set up with a garbage pail for a seat. ", "A computer sitting on top of a desk in a room with a wooden floor."]
["A computer mouse is sitting on top of a keyboard.", "Closeup of a silver keyboard with a silver mouse resting on it.", "A silver mouse sits on a white keyboard.", "A computer mouse resting on the keyboard of the computer", "A white home computer mouse and keyboard together."]
["A living room with couches, chairs, a table, and a rug.", "An aerial view of living room couch, chairs and coffee table.", "None of the furniture seems to match each other.", "This looks like a room of dollhouse furniture shot from above.", "A couch and some chairs in a room."]
["a room with some couches and a table inside of it ", "a brown couch a television set pillows table and picture", "THERE IS A PICTURE OF THE LIVING ROOM ", "messy living room with garbage covering the coffee table and pillows, blankets, and other items strewn about", "A living room filled with lots of furniture and a TV."]
["A living room filled with living room furniture and decor. ", "A living room with furniture in front of a fire place.", "A room with chairs, a fireplace, a mantle and a couch. ", "The dog is standing on the recliner looking out the window. ", "A dog sitting on a chair with a look of anticipation."]
["a living room with a tv a couch and a chair ", "Rustic living room with wooden amenities and large screen television.", "The front door of the house is in front of a stair case leading up. ", "A living room with furniture, a fireplace and tv.", "A living room and entertainment room a fireplace."]
["Looking up at a stone and brick clock tower", "A clock tower ascending into the sky showing it is dusk ", "Brown Clocktower with a white top with multiple clocks on it. ", "The clock tower is built with red and beige brick. ", "Town clocks affixed to a tall, brick building."]
["a guy unwraping a big screen tv in his living room", "A man unpacking a new flat screen TV.", "Guy pulls the protective wrapping off a new tv", "a person putting a sheet on or off of a television in a living room", "A man putting a protective covering over a large TV screen."]
["A large flag pole with a flag hanging off of it's side.", "a long colorful kite with long strings flying in the air ", "a big kite flying over a park area", "Stacked kites with long streamers being flown in grassy field.", "a kite with a long tail is flying in the air"]
["People on a beach fly colorful kites on a sunny day.", "Several people fly their kites on a beach.", "People are flying their kites on a beach.", "Several people flying multicolored kites on the beach.", "People laying and standingg on beach while many kites fly."]
["A lot of people flying kites on the beach .", "There are a bunch of kites flying on a beach.", "a relatively empty beach with a bunch of kites flying above it", "Colorful kites flying in the blue skies on a beach.", "Dozens of kites fly all along the sandy beach. "]
["A group of people standing on top of a beach next to the ocean.", "A group of people flying a kite at the beach.", "A family plays on the beach while someone flies a kite.", "A man and boy flying a kite on the beach.", "a large group of people on the beach flying a kite"]
["One person on a beach flying their kite in the air.", "A man flying a kite over a beach near the ocean.", "A person on the beach flying a large kite.", "A person is flying a kite by a body of water.", "A person walks along the seashore flying a kite."]
["A man standing in a field holding a small parachute.", "A man flying a brightly colored kite in a field.", "A man in a baseball cap flying a kite.", "A man is flying kite in the park. ", "A man in a field flying a kite."]
["A woman holding a tiger kite with people standing around watching and talking.", "A woman standing next to a tiger stripe kite.", "Tiger striped fabric is hanging on a line.", "A man stretching his tiger kite in the sun.", "People are preparing to fly a kite in an open field."]
["Man stands behind a very large kite inside a building. ", "A man displaying a colorful kite at a booth.", "A blue kite has pattens printed on it", "A huge blue kite is standing in front of a yellow curtain, as a man wearing a white shirt stands in the background looking on.", "A LARGE KITE LEANING AGAINST A TABLE WITH A MAN IN THE BACKGROUND "]
["A man is flying a kite in a field ", "a man wearing a yellow one shirt flying a green and white kite in a field", "Man in checker yellow shirt flying a kit in the park", "a man holding onto a big kite in the middle of the park ", "Adult in yellow shirt flying kite in large open grassy field."]
["A man laying on his back in a field of grass while holding onto a parachute style kite that is flying in the sky above him.", "An mal laying on the ground flying a kite.", "A man laying on the grass flying a kite. ", "The person is lying on the ground and  flying a kite outside.", "A man lying in a field flying a kite."]
["A person flying through the ski while attached to a parachute.", "A person falling to the earth with an opened parachute", "A person attached to a parachute gliding through the sky.", "Beautiful blue sky with a person with an open parachute ascending the sky.", "a man riding around in the air  with a parachute "]
["People playing with kites outside in the desert.", "A group of people at a park flying a kite. ", "A group of people flying a kite on a sandy beach", "People on the beach flying kites in the wind.", "A couple people out flying a kite on some sand."]
["A young boy flying a kite in a blue sky with clouds.", "A young boy in a red shirt flies a kit high in the sky while a girl in a t-shirt watches.", "Two people fly a kite, looking upward. ", "Children are flying a kite in the blue sky.", "A boy is flying a kite with a blue tail."]
["A sewage lid on the ground with a para sail chute in the background.", "There is a balloon that is flying over the ground", "Parachute over a large valley with a man made structure.", "a ground with a hole covering with a parachute flying in the background", "Some type of metal bracket or anchor in the ground."]
["Dozens of people in a parking lot with kites in the sky.", "Crowd of people standing around while someone flies a kite", "The people are flying a kite in the square.", "Kites flying in the sky near a crowd of people.", "A group of people in street area with a kite in sky."]
["A ground in front of a monument where many people have gathered to visit it.", "A kite flies through a smoggy Tiananmen Square.", "A large crowd of people outside at an event", "A kite is flying outside of an asian looking building.", "Giant butterfly kite flown above a crowd of people."]
["a bedroom with a bicycle, television, refrigerator and microwave", "A picture of a bike in a room.", "a bedroom filled with furniture, microwave and bikes with someone laying on the bed", "A small bedroom with a mini fridge and microwave.", "A person lounging on a bed in a room filled with bikes, furniture, and a TV"]
["People enjoying a nice day in the park.", "an image of a group of people in the park ", "People are standing in a field flying and watching kites.", "A crowd of people are gathered in a grassy park.", "Families with strollers in a park with trees in blossom and kites flying in the air."]
["An intersection of a city with pedestrians in the crosswalk.", "Several street signs line a busy street filled with pedestrians and cars", "A large clock in the middle of a walkway. ", "A city intersection displays a clock on a long tall stand.", "A MCDonald's restaurant is in the middle of a city."]
["A baseball player holding a baseball bat on a field.", "A baseball player about to hit a baseball.", "A batter is taking a swing at a baseball.", "a baseball game showing a hitter a catcher and an umpire ", "The batter is up to bat and ready to swing."]
["A baseball player standing next to home plate.", "Player preparing to swing at ball during major baseball game.", "A batter is standing at the mound positioned to play.", "a baseball on a field holding a bat ", "A baseball player with a number five jersey is up to bat."]
["A boy in grey jersey holding a baseball bat.", "a young person holding a baseball bat in a field", "A young baseball player holding a bat over his shoulder.", "A young boy poses for a picture in his baseball uniform.", "A YOUNG BOY IN HIS BASEBALL UNIFORM HOLDING A BAT."]
["A man holding a baseball bat on top of a field.", "A man with a baseball bat standing on a field.", "One teammate grabs a bat while waiting with other teammates.", "Baseball game with a batter up at the plate ", "a man with a bat walks as other look on "]
["A group of boys sitting on a curb with a baseball bat.", "One of the seated boys is holding a baseball bat.", "A group of young men sitting on a curb near a street.", "Young boys sitting on the curb waiting to play stick ball.", "A group of kids sitting down while one holds a bat."]
["A baseball holding a baseball bat during a baseball game.", "A baseball player taking a swing at a ball", "The batter prepares to swing as the catcher waits.", "A baseball player at bat with the crowds looking on.", "Baseball players at home plate with a large crowd watching. "]
["A person holding a baseball bat during a baseball game.", "A softball player stands at the plate for the pitch.", "A person taking a swing at  a baseball", "A woman preparing to swing a baseball bat.", "a woman wearing a helmet and holding onto a baseball bat "]
["Playing tennis and going for a difficult shot.", "A man running and swinging a tennis racket. ", "A tennis player playing on a green and blue tennis court. ", "A guy that is doing his best to return a serve that was hit to him.", "A woman swinging a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court."]
["this image does not have a picture associated with it to describe", "A house party with a dozen pizzas to share.", "People stand near a table with several boxes of pizza on it.", "A kitchen island with different types of pizza to choose from", "A group of friends gathered around a table covered in pizza."]
["A woman holding a piece of paper near a pan of pizza. ", "A pizza that is sitting an a table with a hand above it holding a piece of paper.", "A woman holds a sign saying \"Mystic Pizza\" in front of their demolished pie", "THERE IS A PIZZA ON A DISH AT MUSTIC PIZZA ", "A woman holds a small piece of paper next to a plate of pizza. "]
["A woman holding a tennis racquet next to two tennis balls.", "Person in the dark dropping the tennis racquet next to tennis balls", "A black and white photo of a man playing tennis.", "black and white photo man walking with a tennis racket", "LOOKS LIKE A PERSON DROPPING THERE TENNIS RACK"]
["A pair of tennis players practicing in an outdoor tennis court.", "Two tennis players playing tennis on the court.", "Two men are playing tennis in black pants and white hats and shirts.", "Tennis court with two men playing on one side of the net, one man about to hit the ball back.", "Two men holding tennis racquets ready to hit the ball."]
["A man hits a tennis ball during a tennis game.", "a person swinging a racket at a ball ", "Male tennis player hitting a tennis ball on hard court.", "A man on a tennis court swinging at a ball", "A person standing on a court holding a tennis racket."]
["A man and a woman holding up tennis racquets.", "A man and woman holding tennis racquets together", "an image of two people holding tennis rackets", "a couple posing by the stairs while holding on to tennis rackets", "A man and woman posing with tennis rackets"]
["A cooler with several bottles of S. Pellegrino sparkling water.", "Bottles of Pellegrino are stacked on refrigerated shelves.", "A row of bottles are standing on and behind the shelves.", "A box filled with lots of bottles of wine.", "The bottles of Pellegrino are all lined up."]
["A table in a bookstore's cafe with a laptop", "A laptop on a desk in a book store coffee shop", "The table and chairs are unoccupied in the bookstore.", "A laptop sitting on a table with two chairs near a railing in some sort of shop.", "A TABLE AND A DESK IN A BOOK STORE "]
["A clock tower is presented with several lights.", "The clock face is lit up on the tower, glowing in the darkness.", "a large light tower with a clock built into the side of it", "a clock a building lights clouds and a blue sky", "A building with a clock on it and lights shining on it "]
["A large clock tower stands in the middle of an outside event.", "An image of a clock tower at a pretty location.", "A tall structure on display with a clock on it. ", "A photo of a gathering of people with a clock tower in the background.", "An artsy tower clock is a focal point for food courts on this street."]
["Two people in lab coats are doing something they pulled up on their laptop.", "A man bending over a table in front of a laptop computer.", "A scientist dissecting worms, using the webpage on the computer screen as reference.", "Some people standing by a laptop that is open.", "A laptop is sitting on a table with equipment"]
["A man getting some food in an army uniform. ", "A man with gloves on is making a plate of food.", "A man in military garb cooking on a stove.", "A man is serving a plate of food.", "A man fixing a plate of food at a stove in a kitchen."]
["People sitting on a bench at the train station.", "A large clock hangs above in a train station along side a train.", "A long corridor with a clock mounted to the ceiling.", "People are sitting on a bench below a large clock. ", "Three people sitting on a bench in and old-fashioned train station."]
["A red-headed man with glasses is looking at his laptop.", "A man with glasses on looking at a laptop screen.", "A man with glasses on a laptop that is on a table. ", "The man stares closely at the laptop screen on the table.", "A man with glasses using a laptop computer"]
["A person pretending to light a man on a laptop screen's cigarette.", "a person holding a lighter to a laptop screen pretending to light the cigarette of a person on the screen", "A person holding a cigarette lighter up to the image of a man smoking on a laptop.", "Person holds a lit cigarette lighter to an image of a man holding a cigarette on a laptop computer screen.", "An arm holds out a lit lighter toward a lap top computer screen featuring a man with a cigarette."]
["A baby is looking at a teddy bear that is next to it.", "A baby is glancing and smiling at a teddy bear.", "An infant lying on a bed staring at a teddy bear.", "A brown teddy bear sitting next to a small baby.", "A small baby is smiling at a teddy bear."]
["An adorable baby laying in bed with a stuffed brown teddy bear.", "A picture of a baby holding a teddy bear in a crib.", "A baby wrapped in a blanket facing a small teddy bear.", "A baby is sleeping next to a teddy bear", "A beautiful baby laying next to a teddy bear."]
["Two people stand using laptops in a dark room with big stars on the wall.", "Two people working at computers in a large black room with green stars on the wall.", "Two djs stand at booths in front of laptop computers in a dark room with stars being projected on the walls.", "Two people work at computers in a black room with fluorescent stars projected on the walls.", "Two people working on computers in a black room with green stars on walls."]
["Someone is holding a phone while watching a video on it.", "A person holding a cellphone with a picture of two guys on it.", "A hand holds an iphone playing a video of 2 men.", "A hand holding a cellphone displaying people drinking.", "A small device with a video playing on the screen."]
["A pile of broken stoves on a parking lot.", "A pile of discarded stoves laying on the ground.", "Few stoves broken up on the parking lot. ", "there is a lot of old stoves on the ground", "A couple of kitchen stoves tossed in a parking space."]
["A man with a wristband on and a cell phone in his hand.", "A man holding a phone while sanding next to a street.", "A man reads a text on his cell phone. ", "A man holding a cell phone in his right hand.", "This is a person holding a cellular telephone on the side of a street. "]
["A table full of trophies and cell phones ", "Trophies and cell phones are on a table.", "A small table with four cell phones in front of a display of trophies.", "Cell phones and trophies sitting on a small table.", "A man is standing near a table with cell phones and many trophies. "]
["A woman standing at a bar preparing drink mix.", "a lady mixes some things in a blender as people look on", "People sitting around a table as someone puts stuff in a blender.", "A woman putting things into a blender at a counter.", "PEOPLE SITTING AROUND A TABLE AND ONE IS USING A BLENDER"]
["An elderly woman fanning herself while sitting outside.", "The woman sitting down is talking on her phone.", "A woman talks on a cell phone while fanning herself.", "an older woman appears to be in discomfort with her hand held to her face", "A woman is talking on her mobile phone angrily."]
["A woman talking on a phone while standing next to a pole.", "a lady that is on her cell phone outsid", "A woman on a sidewalk against a wall on a cell phone.", "A young person talking on a cell phone on the sidewalk.", "A woman tucked into the side of the street on a phone call."]
["A man in costume kneels down on the concrete step", "A man dressed in a costume sitting on some steps.", "There is a man in a costume sitting on the steps.", "A man in a Roman centurion outfit squatting on stone steps.", "A man in a red cape sitting on the stairs"]
["A man talking on a phone with a weak beard.", "A man with glasses on his head talking on a cell phone.", "Man using cell phone in public indoor area.", "There is a man talking on his cell phone.", "A young man in a restaurant is talking on his cell phone."]
["A man holding a cell phone while wearing glasses.", "A mans wearing a sweater operating a cell phone.", "A man uses a mobile device as he sits at a table. ", "A person is sitting while looking a cell phone.", "A man wearing glasses looking at his cell phone."]
["A guy looking into an empty refrigerator.  ", "a male is looking in a empty regrigerator", "A man looking through a completely empty refrigerator.", "Man looking in to the drawer of a completely empty refrigerator", "A man is looking an an empty refridgerator."]
["there are many appliances put out in the street ", "A junk yard with old and new refrigerators.", "A back alley filled with appliances sitting next to a trash bin.", "A bunch of used appliances sitting on the street", "Green commercial building with refrigerator and refrigeration units outside."]
["A open fridge that has different items inside of it.", "An open refrigerator with several bottles of water", "Am open white refrigerator full of drinks and food.", "A refrigerator standing with the freezer and refrigerator doors open.", "The refrigerator is full of drinks and other stuff."]
["The view of a kitchen refrigerator and checkered tile.", "They have checkerboard tile on their kitchen floor. ", "A kitchen doorway is shown with a refrigerator. ", "A black and white tile floor continues into a kitchen.", "A black and white checkered hallway leading into the kitchen."]
["A kitchen that has a checkered pattern floor.", "A kitchen with a stove, oven, refrigerator and sink.", "a black stove is in a checkered floored room", "A white refrigerator in a small kitchen next to a black stove.", "a kitchen with a checkerboard floor and a black counter"]
["A refrigerator has it's door open and is full of food.", "A refrigerator is filled with many grocery items such as milk, salad dressing, eggs, fruit and many bottles and jars.", "an open refrigerator with many bottles and all kinds of different food", "The open refrigerator shows lots of grocery items.", "A refrigerator packed with lots of food and drinks."]
["A clock that is on top of a sign.", "Sidewalk area of city with parked motorcycles and truck nearby.", "A clock attached to a post is pictured inside a city.", "A group of bicycles are parked under a clock", "A group of people sitting under a clock on top of a sign."]
["The clock and the building are all lit up.", "A grow of tall buildings next to a clock.", "a clock and several lighted building on a city street", "an image of a outdoor shopping center at night", "A view of a street with multiple store fronts. "]
["A tall building with giant clock tower sitting above it.", "a large building surrounded by a bunch of trees", "A tall building with a clock on the tip of it.", "A grey marble building with a clock tower.", "This is a large building with a clock tower at the very top. "]
["A tall building with a large white statue.", "a statue of a man standing in front of a building ", "A fish-eye view of a statue in front of a columned building.", "A stylized photo of a statue in front of a building.", "A statue standing in front of a building shot with a fish-eye lens."]
["The woman sitting near a Christmas tree holds a glass pitcher.", "a woman in white shirt sitting by presents and a Christmas tree.", "A woman sitting in front of a christmas tree with presents.", "A woman sitting beside a Christmas tree surrounded with presents. ", "A woman opening presents by a Christmas tree"]
["A vase with four roses in it sitting on the floor", "Roses wilting in a tall decorative metal vase.", "A black vase filled with several red flowers.", "A vase of flowers is partially in the dark. ", "A vase filled with flowers sitting on top of a counter."]
["A man at a table with two pairs of scisors", "A black and white photo of a man holding scissors", "A man that is sitting at a table with a pair of scissors.", "a man is sitting with scissors at a table", "A black and white photo of a man smiling for the camera."]
["a group of people and a car passing under a bridge", "A brick bridge over a busy city streets.", "People are walking down a city street with a clock tower.", "On a busy small street a bridge is seen right before a large clock tower.", "a tall clock tower with a sky in the background "]
["A girl is blow drying her long hair.", "A woman with really long hair covering her whole body.", "SOMEONE WITH LOTS OF HAIR HOLDING A BLOW DRYER", "A woman stands in a room with her hair flailing about.", "Woman bending over to blow dry  her long hair."]
["A woman rocking out while standing in a living room.", "Wild red hair rocking out to guitar music. ", "a woman blow drying her long hair ", "A guitarist wildly flaps their hair while playing a song.  ", "This woman has long hair and she is using a hair dryer. "]
["A very tall clock tower with a clock on it's side.", "A busy street with large building and a street vendor. ", "A street full of brick buildings and a tall clock tower. ", "A street scene with several people and a tall clock tower.", "A large clock tower stands in the middle of a town square. "]
["people walking by a tall tower on a large building", "A tall clock tower sitting in the middle of a building.", "Large clock tower attached to a building in a city.", "Many people are gathered outside of a large building. ", "People fill the square in front of a historical building."]
["a tall tower with a clock on it near other buildings ", "A street corner view from the bottom of a clock tower.", "Many people are gathered in a city with many historic buildings. ", "a castle is in the middle of a eurpean city ", "A town square with several tall clock towers."]
["there is a clock that is all gold an is inside a glass case", "A golden clock sitting behind a glass display case.", "The golden clock in the museum is protected by a glass case. ", "The clock sitting on the table has a glass case.", "A golden clock with eagles and flower designs on it."]
["A meal of french fries, salad, and meat is sitting on a table. ", "This is a big meal prepared very nicely", "The ingredients represented in the meal might include pineapple.", "2 plates of food along with two bowls of food", "A pile of food and dishes are stacked on the table. "]
["A clock that is on the side of a building.", "A clock tower built in a park with pedestrians around it.", "THIS IS A VERY TALL CLOCK TOWER WITH A WELL LIT BASE", "A clock tower lit up at night surrounded by palm trees.", "A very tall clock tower with a  clock on each of it's sides."]
["A county building with a large clock on top", "A building that is surrounded by a lot of trees.", "A large building has a clock on its left side there is also an american flag on the lower right.\n", "a county building with a clock tower attached ", "A stone county building with a clock tower and green roof."]
["A building with a manicured lawn and bushes. ", "A picture of a big building in a quiet part of town.", "A tan brick building with a grassy front lawn.", "A building with a fire escape near a street. ", "A tall brown building with a very large clock tower."]
["A clock tower looms underneath a clear sky.", "A brown and black clock tower with a lamppost in the foreground.", "A tower with clocks on it stands behind a lamp.", "Big Ben during a day when the sky is not so bright.", "The Big Ben clock tower towering over the city of London."]
["A clock with two little chefs on either side of it.", "A clock that is on the wall in a building.", "A clock designed like a pot is flanked by two cooking figures. ", "A clock with two children dressed as chefs on the sides of the clock.", "two little figures stirring a clock pot and some vegetables"]
["a green two sided clock hanging on a building", "A clock that is attached to a building, outdoors, with roman numerals on the clock face.", "A turquoise public clock hanging on the side of a building wall.", "There is a clock displayed on the side of the building. ", "A large metal clock on the side of a building."]
["A clock tower where the clock is not at the top.", "A large clock tower towering over a city.", "A tall building with a retaining fence in front of it.", "An old clock tower in a small village.", "Large clock tower surrounded by a large metal fence. "]
["A tall clock mounted on the side of the street.", "Two people standing on a street corner under a pedestal clock", "A couple standing on a street corner under a clock.", "People are standing under a clock at a street intersection.", "Two people standing on a street corner near a clock."]
["A church with a large tower and clock.", "A very tall pretty tower with a cross on top.", "A very pointy building with a clock on each of it's sides.", "The building with a clock on each side has a huge spire.", "A church steeple with a clock built into it."]
["A golden clock rhino sculpture sitting on top of a fireplace.", "A clock on top of a rhino on a shelf", "Gold clock on a base shaped like a rhinoceros and a sign on a shelf in front of a painting.", "a clock on a table behind a painting.", "A small gold clock on a fireplace mantle."]
["A clock shines brightly on a dark, cloudy evening. ", "A clock tower in the distance by a set of buildings at dusk.", "A clock above a walk next to a fence in night sky.", "A clock is illuminated against the dark sky.", "A dark shot of a building with a clock on top. "]
["the people are walking about, there is a clock on the road", "A clock on a thin skinny pool in the middle of a street.", "There is a clock on the sidewalk near the large building.", "People are standing outside near a clock and a building. ", "A clock with hands, on a pole showing 11:25, against bricked city walkway with pedestrians and several storied building behind."]
["A tall white clock tower sitting next to a parking garage.", "there is a tall white tower with a clock on it", "A clock tower with a view of a very strange structure in front of it.", "A round sculpture outside of a mosque building.", "The large sculpture is next to a tower with a clock on it. "]
["A close up view of a pink flower inside a tall clear vase.", "A red flower in a one stem vase by a window", "a close up of a red flower in a test tube", "A red flower that has been placed in a very skinny vase. ", "A slender vase holding a pink flower in window."]
["A pot holds several large purple flowers, and a smaller group of yellow ones.", "A variety of flowers are shown inside a pot.", "Several purple flowers are shown growing with bamboo in the pot.", "Purple flowers are planted in a black vase.", "Purple flowers with bamboo shoot in flower pot"]
["A bunch of flowers inside of a vase.", "Looking down at a vase of freshly cut flowers on an outdoor dining table", "a vase on a table with chairs ", "a flower vase that is on around a chair and table", "A small vase of flowers sits on a patio table. "]
["A clear vase with pink flowers on a patio table.", "A vase with flowers sitting on a table outdoors ", "Flowers are in a vase on an outdoor table.", "A bouquet of flowers is arranged in a glass vase.  ", "a clear vase filled with pink flowers in the middle of a table.."]
["A MAN WEARING A SHIRT WITH SCISSORS IN HIS HANDS. ", "The bearded man is holding a pair of scissors in each hand.", "A man holding two pairs of scissors while wearing a sweater that reads \" I Run With Scissors \".", "A man holds up scissors in front of his shirt with scissors on it.", "A man holding scissors wearing a shirt that reads \"I run with scissors.\""]
["A little child standing next to a toy dump truck.", "A small child is holding her stuffed animal.", "Old pic of a little girl holding a teddy bear in the yard", "Here is a soul in the icon alone.\n", "A toddler girl holds a bear in a garden."]
["A little girl sitting next to her teddy bear. ", "Black and white photo of a child with teddy bear in front of plants.", "A black and white photo of a little girl and her teddy.", "A little kid sitting on a bench next to a teddy bear.", "A black and white photograph of a little girl with a teddy bear."]
["A pair of scissors sitting on top of a able next to a  sponge.", "A person's hand with a sponge and scissors.", "A hand holding part of a sponge with scissors nearby.", "A hand holding a scrubbing sponge next to a pair of scissors.", "A person is holding a sponge near a pair of scissors."]
["A brown teddy bear laying on top of a dry grass covered ground.", "A dirty brown and white teddy bear on the ground.", "an old stuffed teddy bear on the ground", "A worn teddy bear is lying on the ground.", "A stuffed bear laying outside on the ground."]
["A bowl of granola with raspberries and honey on top with a spoon.", "cereal and fresh strawberries in a bowl with a spoon", "A bowl of oats and raspberries on a table.", "Cereal and raspberries in a bowl with a spoon.", "A bowl of food on a table in a room."]
["four people sitting at a table eating and laughing", "The people are at a table eating breakfast. ", "a couple of people are sitting around a table", "A group of people are smiling at a table.", "Four smiling people are sitting around a dining table."]
["Lots of people are sitting at a long table sharing a meal.", "A group of people sitting at a table together.", "People sitting at a restaurant table talking to each other.", "A large group of people seated at a long dining table with food and drinks in a room.", "This is a large group of business professionals getting lunch."]
["Pancakes with blueberries and Log Cabin maple syrup on a table.", "The pancake breakfast is in the plate at the wooden table.", "There is a table with a plate of pancakes on it", "A dinning room table with pancakes on a plate.", "Table set for two with pancakes and syrup."]
["A group of people sitting around a dinner table.", "a table that has a bunch of people at it", "A family happily eats together with smile son their faces", "A group of people sitting at a table, having dinner.", "A group of people having a discussion at a long dinner table."]
["A variety of pastries atop a white plate.", "This plate offers a variety of breakfast items.", "this is a meal that someone ordered at a high end restaurant", "Bowl with milk and fruit on plate of pastries.", "A plate of Asian breakfast foods at a restaurant "]
["A group of people eating on a long table ", "A group of people are congregated at a large restaurant table.", "A group of people sit at a large table with glasses, plates and food.", "Evening dinner and conversation with family and friends at resturant.", "A dining room table full of friends and associates."]
["A group at a set table enjoying a meal.", "many people at a long table with drinks and food", "A dinner party is going on with rows of tables.", "A large group of people at a long dining table.", "A group of people sitting at a table."]
["A table filled with lots of different bowls of food.", "a table full of fajita ingredients on a brown table", "THRE ARE SEVERAL BOWLS WITH DIFFERENT FOODS IN THE BOWL ", "Bowls of lettuce, pepper, chapati and other foodstuffs", "The table is covered with many different bowls of food."]
["A couple of people sitting at a dinner table filled with food.", "The meal and desert is enjoyed by all the guests. ", "A table is shown with food on the top of it.", "A cake with a 48 candle sits on a table covered with plates and glasses of drink.", "A person at a table with some food."]
["A group of people sitting at a table having food.", "A group of Caucasians having an outdoor gathering.", "A group of children and adults seated at a picnic table. ", "a big group of people sit at some park benches ", "A group of people sitting at a picnic table together."]
["A man is smiling genuinely and brightly at the people at his table.  ", "a group of people sitting at a table ", "The man talking to an elderly man is having a meal with two children. ", "A group of people sitting at a table.", "Folks enjoying a meal in outdoor setting with a beautiful view"]
["A family is sitting at an outdoor picnic table.", "A family enjoys a meal at an out door diner", "A group of people sitting at an outdoor table having a meal.", "A family sitting at a outdoor table at a restaurant.", "a family sits at a table to enjoy a meal"]
["A glass of red wine and a glass of white wine stand in front of their respective bottles. ", "Two bottles of wine sit behind their respective red and white glasses.", "two bottles of wine next to two glasses of wine", "Two wine glasses with accompanying wine bottles sitting on a table", "Two bottles of wine and two glasses filled with each flavor."]
["a person getting a drink with a person behind the bar", "a person holding a glass of wine posing for a photo", "A woman posing holding a wine glass with a man in the background.", "A couple of people  that are drinking some wine.", "A woman raising a toast at a wine tasting, with a man and a wall of wine in the background."]
["A young man and woman drink wine at a wine bar.", "Man and woman enjoying a glass of wine at a winery.", "Two people standing at a bar, tasting wine.", "A couple of glasses of wine on a table.", "A man and a woman sitting together drinking a glass of wine. "]
["A man on a bike wearing glasses riding indoors.", "A man on a bicycle inside a building.", "A man on a bike in a station", "Man in suit riding a bicycle in a parking garage.", "A man is riding his bike down a subway area under a Clearance sign. "]
["A person flipping of a parking meter on the side of a road.", "A man holds up his middle finger to a parking meter.", "Person giving the middle finger to a parking meter. ", "a black silver white blue red an orange parking meter and a hand flipping it off", "A person is flipping off a parking meter."]
["A ski resort that has a couple people outside. ", "A circular tent is at the skiing lodge.", "A snow covered resort with people skiing and enjoying the snow and a carasel with a protective covering over it.", "Skiers and people milling about a ski resort.", "A ski lodge covered in snow next a mountain filled with trees."]
["A crowd of people standing along a fence near an airport.", "A group of people at an airport looking at an airplane and some are taking pictures.", "a crowd of people are looking off of a balcony", "A crowd of people watching an airplane on a runway.", "some people an airport a runway and a jet"]
["A kitchen that appears to be missing a cabinet door.", "A kitchen with a sink, oven, and wood cabinets and floors.", "A kitchen with no appliances other than the ones installed in the counters.", "A kitchen that has wooden floors and counters along the walls, along with an in wall oven.", "A kitchen with wood cabinets and white appliances and countertops."]
["A person holding up a smart phone to take a picture.", "A person holding up a smart phone to take a picture.", "Someone is recording a scene in front of them using a cellphone.", "A person in a crowd holding a camera to film.", "Someone holding their camera above the crowd in order to take a picture"]
["a group of men staring at a cellphone image", "Three men sitting at a table looking at a cell phone.", "Several men looking at phone in one's hand.", "A man is showing his friend something on his phone. ", "three men around a table looking at an object."]
["A man with white hair and a beard wearing priestly robes.", "A man with long gray hair in a pony tail has a beard and is wearing a black hat and dark colored suit while he looks at his cell phone.", "A man is wearing a hat with a ponytail while on the phone.", "A PERSON USING A CELL PHONE AT A PUBLIC PLACE.", "An old man dressed in black on his phone."]
["A large room with tables and chandeliers ", "A formal dining area with tables and shelves.", "A fancy dining room with lots of amenities.", "A couple of old fashioned oak wood dining tables.", "A dining room with hard wood floors that is very fancy. "]
["A young man jumping up into the air to catch a Frisbee.", "someone jumping up to get a frisbee out of a tree", "A male getting an object out of a tree.", "A man jumping in the air and catching a frisbee.", "A man catching a frisbee in the front yard."]
["Young guy in mid motion of catching a frisbee.", "A young man in green shirt catching a white frisbee.", "a male wearing a green shirt is playing with a white frisbee", "A person jumping in the air catching a Frisbee.", "a teenager jumping to catch a frisbee in a field."]
["A man throwing a frisbee in a park ", "a man that is walking beside some sort of fence", "A guy standing by a disc up in the air.", "The man is playing a game of Frisbee outside. ", "A man is throwing a Frisbee outside at the park."]
["A cook in a restaurant kitchen poses with food.", "A couple of men standing in a kitchen preparing food.", "A man in a kitchen handling food, with another man in the background.", "A man looks at the camera while in the restaurant kitchen", "Two chefs in a restaurant kitchen preparing food. "]
["A chef preparing vegetables at a counter in a kitchen.", "A chef standing in a kitchen preparing food.", "A man attending to food by a pile of fruits and vegetables.", "A chef in a restaurant kitchen cutting vegetables. ", "A chef is by a large table of vegetables in a kitchen."]
["A view of a kitchen with a burner top stove.", "this kitchen has a white stove and all white cabinets", "A kitchen with a stove, microwave and cabinets.", "a kitchen with a microwave, a stove, and cabinets.", "A white kitchen with a gas stove and microwave."]
["A kitchen that has a stove, refrigerator, and table in it.", "a big stainless steel refrigerator a stove and a table and chars ", "A picture of a kitchen with a large refrigerator.", "a kitchen that has a stove and a icebox in it", "Kitchen with hardwood floor and modern fridge. "]
["A man in patterned jacket standing on ski slope.", "Man standing on snow with skilift and trees", "A man is standing at the top of a snowy ski hill.", "A young man at the top of a ski slope with skis in hand.", "A man is standing on a snowy hill by a ski lift. "]
["A chandelier hangs in the foreground of a picture of a kitchen.", "A large empty kitchen is shown with white cabinetry.", "An empty kitchen with a center island made out of wood.", "A very large open kitchen without any furniture.", "The spacious kitchen has hardwood flors and a large island."]
["A man standing in a kitchen preparing food.", "a man that is in a big kitchen", "An Asian man in a restaurant kitchen. ", "A black and white image of a man in glasses working in a kitchen.", "The chef in the black and white photo is smiling in the kitchen."]
["A man sitting in a window ledge with a cell phone in his hand.", "A young man holding a phone perches in a sunny kitchen window sill.", "A man in a skullcap sits on a window sill.", "a male is sitting by a window looking at his cellphone", "A person sitting in a kitchen window looking directly into the camera. ", "a man sitting in a kitchen winow holding onto a phone"]
["A cat sitting on top of a window sill over a sink.", "A cat laying on a window sill over a sink.", "The large cat is laying down above the kitchen sink. ", "an image of a cat that is sitting on the sink", "this cat is sitting on the window ledge in the tiled kitchen."]
["A shelf of various cups and glasses mounted to the wall.", "Various kitchen dishes are arranged on many different shelves. ", "A series of shelves holding colorful glassware and dishes.", "Open shelves hold an assortment of glasses, cups, and bowls. ", "some shelves filled with bowls and cups "]
["A man riding a skateboard down a side walk.", "A young man on a skateboard with a ramp behind him. ", "A man riding a skateboard on a city street.", "A boy riding a skateboard on the tar.", "a boy is riding a skateboard down the street"]
["there is a male surfer riding a small wave", "a person riding a surf board on a body of water", "A man in a wetsuit riding a surfboard.", "The man in the body suit is surfing ahead of a wave.", "A man in a black wetsuit surfs in the water on a sunny day. "]
["A kitchen with white cabinets and a grey counter top.", "a large kitchen that has not much in it", "a kitchen with a microwave a sink and a window", "A kitchen with tile back splash and granite counters", "A kitchen with black and white checkered counter tops."]
["a microwave is built in to a all of a kitchen", "A kitchen with a microwave, toaster, dryer and a vase with flowers in it.", "this is an image image of a modern kitchen", "This is a very white, new age clean apartment.", "A kitchen with an oven, stove top and more."]
["A kitchen with a screen glass door next to the counter.", "A kitchen area with a microwave, sink and shelves.", "A kitchen has white cabinets and a white microwave.", "this kitchen has a back door that is open", "A household kitchen of some sort during the night."]
["A kitchen with an odd shaped counter top with a metallic stove oven.", "A bright clean kitchen with a tile floor and basic appliances.", "A kitchen is sitting empty containing a counter and a stove.", "Kitchen with view of stainless stove, stainless sink, white countertop and white flour with black spots.", "A small kitchen with white cabinets and a stainless steel stove."]
["Table with water pitchers and bowls of fruit against the wall in huge kitchen", "Food and metal pitchers are sitting on a countertop.", "A room with high ceilings and kitchen items. ", "The kitchen is large and has a pan on the wall and pitchers on the counter. ", "Pitchers and bowls of items are sitting on the counter top"]
["A plate of food with shrimp, pasta, and salad.", "Delicious shrimp, noodles, and salad TV dinner is ready to eat.", "there is a plate of shrimp and salads and a cup of water", "A plate of food and a glass on a table.", "A plate of seasoned shrimp, carrots, and lettuce."]
["a brown and white kitchen with a silver refrigerator", "A kitchen with tile floors, granite counters and stainless steel refrigerator.", "A modern kitchen complete with a refrigerator and sink.", "Lights illuminate the counter top in a kitchen.", "Kitchen with wooden cabinets and a brown linoleum tile floor."]
["Women father around a desk and machinery in a factory.", "A photo set of two women at work", "Women working in a commercial bakery or kitchen.", "Two old photos with women in a kitchen.", "two women in white work at an industrial kitchen counter and stove"]
["A kitchen area with stove, shoveling and a dishwasher.", "A small kitchen is in the foreground with a den visible through the door.", "A kitchen has white counters and a wooden floor.", "a kitchen area with some appliances and shelves", "a kitchen that has polka dot counters with white stove"]
["Several types of houseplants sitting on a window ledge to receive light from the sun.", "A 70 styled kitchen containing a lot of alive plants in pots.", "a bunch of potted plants all gathered by a sunny window", "This  kitchen is  a colorfully decorated with live plants in the sunny window", "A corner in a kitchen with many potted plants."]
["Small kitchen with white cabinets and white appliances with a city view. ", "an apartment kitchen with a sliding glass door looking out towards other buildings", "A kitchen with a full size window in the corner.", "A kitchen painted white with an automatic dishwasher and a large window.", "This kitchen has all white cabinets and there is a beautiful view in the background."]
["a tiled kitchen with some appliances inside of it ", "A white kitchen with items strewn on the counter tops.", "A cluttered kitchen with white cabinets and tiled floor.", "A modern if messy modern kitchen white with red accents", "A kitchen with a lot of items sitting out. "]
["A woman and man serving themselves food from a table.", "A man and a woman are preparing a meal in the kitchen.", "a couple of people that are eating some food off the table", "There are two people with food in a kitchen.", "A man and woman working at a kitchen counter preparing food."]
["Two people setting up a market stand with jars", "Two man that appear to be placing a great deal of jars on a table.", "People are presenting food on a table in the middle of ac ity.", "Two people preparing tables for selling homemade goods.", "Two people dressed warmly, standing at picnic tables."]
["A blonde woman sitting on a park bench next to a green bike.", "a woman sitting on a bench next to her bike\n", "A woman sitting on a bench and a bicycle leaning against the bench.", "A woman sitting on a bench next to a bicycle,", "A woman sitting on a bench next to her bike."]
["A small plain looking rest room with a tub and toilet.", "Shower stall and toilet in tiled indoor batrhoom.", "Corner view of small bathroom with toilet and a shower bathtub.", "A very clean white tiled bathroom in a house. ", "A bathroom with a glass shower door, toilet and a rug."]
["A green tile bathroom with sink, drawers, toilet, and window.", "A sink with wooden cabinets in a tile bathroom", "A bathroom with green tiled walls and a white vanity.", "A tiled bathroom with a white single sink vanity.", "A bathroom with many green tiles line the walls. "]
["a bathroom view of a tiolet and sink ", "a bathroom with a big mirror above the sink", "a toilet a sink a towel a light and a mirror", "A bathroom with white toliet and sink visible", "A bathroom scene with a toilet and a sink."]
["A room that has a bed and a bathtub.", "A hotel room with a glass walled bathroom", "A bathroom with wooden door and a suitcase on metal a metal frame chair.", "A bath tub in a see through room sitting next to a white bed.", "A hotel room with a bathroom that has glass walls."]
["A very nice looking rest room with a nice tub.", "A bathtub in a large wood floor bathroom ", "A very sophisticated bathroom with a white theme", "A bathroom with a large whirlpool style tub and a double vanity and mirrors.", "A big bathroom with glass doors and a sheer curtain."]
["A sink is shown with a mirror and lights.", "A bathroom wall that has been papered with newspapers", "A photo of a high end white bathroom.", "A wall inside of a white room covered in lots of newspaper article clippings.", "A newspaper wallpaper in a very modern bathroom."]
["A man in hipster clothes straddling a bicycle on the sidewalk.", "A man with a hat standing with his bicycle.", "Man stands up on his bike and looks up next to a parked car. ", "a man is posing for a photo holding his bike in hand.", "A man standing on a bicycle with a smile."]
["A toilet is in a dirty bathroom with a sink.", "A bathroom with blue walls, a toilet and a sink in the corner.", "A sink sitting in the corner of a bathroom next to a toilet.", "a close up of a toilet a sink in a bath room", "A small, blue bathroom has a toilet and a sink."]
["a rainbow umbrella some bicycles a fence and some grass", "Colorful rainbow umbrella near bicycles next to chain link fence.", "Two bicycles are leaned against the wooden gate beside an umbrella and a car.", " A couple of bikes and a umbrella in a yard.", "Bikes sit next to a fence near this rainbow colored umbrella"]
["A bathroom with a white bath tub, sink and large window.", "A minimalistic bathroom with a built in tub and a large sink.", "A bathroom with a toilet, sink, tub, towel rack and a window.", "A white sink and tub in a bathroom.", "A modern neutral bathroom adds charm and a spa environment."]
["A bathroom area with a tub, shelves and a sink.", "A large spacious bathroom with a tub and shelving", "A clean bathroom with a tub and a shelf full of items", "A bathroom that has a shelf for towels and other supplies. ", "A bathroom has a tub, sink, and mirror in it."]
["A white bowl sitting on top of a table.", "Inside of a bathroom with a sink and mirror.", "there is a mirror and a picture on the wall ", "a bathroom with a glass sink base with a bowl on top", "A bathroom is shown with a glass counter and cone-shaped sink."]
["A white bath tub in a bathroom under a mirror.", "A deep bath tub in a hotel bath room", "Two towels draped over the side of a bathtub. ", "A mirror and granite surrounded tub with soaps and towels.", "Spa marble bathtub fancy fixtures with monogrammed towels on side, soaps and lotions in back."]
["A large bathroom with an enclosed toilet and a large sink.", "A fancy bathroom with a vanity mirror above the sink", "A bathroom with a mirror, sink and a toilet.", "a bathroom with a sink a small mirror and a toilet", "A  deep marble bathtub under an ornate mirror."]
["A toilet sitting in a stall next to a toiler paper roller.", "A narrow toilet stall with toilet, handicap rails and a bare light bulb.", "A toilet in a stall with safety railings.", "a narrow room with a toilet with some rails on the walls beside it ", "The light bulb shines on the ceiling above the toilet. "]
["The person is riding a bike on the road", "The man is riding a tall bicycle near the ocean.", "A man with a backpack riding on a tall bicycle near the ocean. ", "A man riding a very tall bike past a very tall pole.", "a man on a giant bicycle rides by a tall pole in front of an empty, large field in front of some mountains"]
["a bathroom with a sink a mirror and a toilet", "A small bathroom contains a toilet and a sink.", "The toilet seat is up on a toilet. ", "A high shot of a compact bathroom in a vehicle.", "Birds eye view of a small, compact bathroom."]
["A bathroom with two large white dressers and sinks", "A bathroom that has two sink areas and two mirrors.", "A bathroom is decorated in shades of white.", "a bathroom with two sepaerate sinks, cabinets  and mirrors", "A couple of bathroom sinks sitting under a couple of mirrors."]
["A plain white bathroom that is completely unfurnished.", "A small white bathroom with a toilet and a sink under construction.", "A white bathroom with a glass shower door.", "A bathroom is in the process of being remodeled.", "The floor of a residential bathroom is being repaired. "]
["A bicycle parked on top of a bed in a bedroom.", "A black bike is sitting on the bed.", "A bicycle sitting on top of someones bed", "A bicycle sits propped up on an air mattress.", "A bicycle has been parked on a mattress on the floor."]
["The steering wheel of a bike with many gadgets parked in a mud room.", "Bike front with mirror and gadgets with rug and tiled floor", "A picture of the electronic set up on a bicycle.", "The handles bars with a mirror of a bicycle inside a house.", "The bike handlebars have electronics and a rear view mirror on it."]
["A rear view mirror on a bike is reflecting a poster on building.\n", "a close up of a motorcycle rear view miror", "reflection of a poster on a wall in the mirror of a motorcycle", "A parked motorcycle's rear view mirror next to a wooden pole.", "a mirror showing the reflection of a poster"]
["A bike with tanks on it sitting next to cars.", "A bicycle is shown with extra addons including a speedometer.", "A bicycle with many gadgets and a mirror parked near a car. ", "A bike with a side mirror in a room.", "A bicycle that has a rear view mirror on it."]
["A bike parked in front of a window on the side of a building.", "A blue bicycle is parked in front of a window. ", "A bicycle is on the street in front of a window.", "A street scene with focus on a bicycle under a window.", "A blue bike stands in front of a building window."]
["A bathroom area with a  sink, cabinets and a tub.", "A bath and sink in a small room.", "A modern, white tiled bathroom with a skylight.", "A bathroom with a sink, tub and lights.", "A very white, modern bathroom looks cold and unwelcoming. "]
["a room showing a toilet and a sink", "The view of a bathroom containing a toilet, sink and tub.", "A white toilet sitting next to a sink in a bathroom.", "A bathroom with a sink, toilet, tub and a mirror. ", "A pink towel stands out greatly in the white bathroom"]
["a cell phone painted on a wall near a bike", "a bike parked next to a black and white advertisement in French", "A roll down door on a building with a painted sign about cell phones.", "The sliding metal door has a cell phone painted on it.", "A painting of a cell phone on a wall."]
["Bathroom designed to look like a caveman's den. ", "An animal themed bathroom with bamboo blinds and carved stone.", "A bathroom with a stone bathtub.and a sink with a jungle theme.", "A bathroom with a primitive style art theme.", "Old bathroom with a sink, mirror, and bathtub"]
["a bathroom with two sinks, a cabinet and a bathtub.", "A couple of sinks and a mirror in a room.", "A mirror that is in a bathroom over a sink.", "a bathroom with a large mirror with colorful rim", "A beautiful bathroom with wooden cabinets and a large oval shaped mirror."]
["Women taking picture of themselves while brushing their teeth.", "A nerdy woman brushing her teeth with a friend nearby.", "two ladies in a bathroom brushing their teeth one lady holds a digital camera.", "Two women in the bathroom brushing their teeth.", "A person holds a digital camera in front of a seated woman brushing her teeth, while another woman also brushes in the background."]
["Three piece fixture bathroom with window over the bathtub.", "A bathroom with a large mirror and ceramic tile.", "A bathroom with a bathtub next to a white toilet and a sink.", "A clean bathroom that is white and brown.", "A black and white bathroom with sink, toilet, and tub."]
["The room is filled with remarkable items well suited.\n", "A bed and a bathroom through a glass door can be seen", "A hotel room with a bathroom with glass walls.", "a mirror and a bed in a small room", "a bathroom with a clear door leading to the bedroom "]
["A group of horse mounted police standing in front of a crowd.", "Riot police form a line to control a crowd. ", "Police on horseback and bicycles holding a crowd back on a street.", "Police on foot, horseback, and bicycle engage in crowd control on city street.", "police sitting on a street blocking people in a certain section"]
["A bathroom showing sink, toilet and shower ", "A counter that is next to a toilet.", "A bathroom has a shower, sink, and toilet in it.", "a bathroom with a big cabinet by the toilet", "A bathroom toilet, wood drawers and shower stall."]
["A bathroom with a clear, shower door and a white toilet.", "A walk in shower sitting next to a white toilet.", "A bathroom with a black tile floor and two towels are hanging and a white toilet and a enclosed shower.", "A shower stall that has a glass door.", "This is a photo of someones bathroom in their home. "]
["A bathroom sink surrounded by a stone counter top.", "Granite counter top with a small white sink in the center. ", "Bathroom sink with wooden cabinet and granite top.", "Water running from a faucet in a bathroom sink", "A bathroom sink has a running facet and bamboo plant."]
["A shower equipped for a physically challenged person with a shower chair", "A stool is inside of a walk in shower.", "A nicely kept shower with a seat inside.", "A bathroom with a tiled shower is shown.", "A walk in shower in a bathroom next to a mirror."]
["A white egg-shaped bathtub in a decorative bathroom.", "A bath tub sits in the middle of a luxurious bathroom.", "A bathroom with hardwood floors and a double sink, with a white oval bathtub in the middle of the room.", "A bathtub sits on a tiled floor near a sink that has ornate mirrors over it while greenery grows on the other side of the tub.", "A large oval above ground bathtub sits in a bathroom."]
["a toilet a shower a sink and a white cabinet", "a bathroom with a washer and dryer next to it", "A toilet next to a standalone shower and a sink.", "The view of a restroom with a toilet and washer and dryer combo.", "A bathroom with a toilet, sink, washer, dryer and a shower stall."]
["a purple towel is hanging in in a white bathroom", "A colorful towel set is accenting a white bathroom.", "A bathroom with a sink, a mirror and towels hanging off a rack.", "a bath room with a mirror and a sink ", "A purple leopard print towel hanging in a restroom."]
["a bathroom counter with two sinks on it ", "A bathroom with bathroom furniture and other bathroom items. ", "A bathroom that has elevated sink basins in it.", "A very nice looking rest room with a pretty sink.", "A bathtub and two sinks are in a light colored bathroom."]
["A bathroom with focus on a counter with dual sinks.", "There are two bowl sinks in a bathroom.", "A his and her sink set in a bathroom.", "A couple of bowls in a large bathroom.", "two separate sink bowls side by side in a bathroom."]
["A man riding a bike past a white delivery truck.", "A man riding a bicycle wearing a helmet.", "A bicyclist rides past a truck with its rear door open.", "A man riding a bike wears a red shirt.", "A man with a red shirt wearing a white helmet riding past a white truck on his bike. "]
["A public bathroom with a bunch of urinals.", "A picture of a woman hangs on the wall above the urinals.", "A men's restroom with a poster of a woman over the urinals.", "White tiled bathroom with line of tiles and Asian female poster on the wall", "A mens restroom is lined up with urinals."]
["A bathroom toilet with a light fixture overhead", "A small white bathroom with a sectioned off toilet.", "Finished and clean toilet area of a bathroom", "A white toilet sitting in a bathroom under a framed picture.", "The bathroom is clean and ready to be used."]
["A bathroom with a long counter and rugs on the floor.", "This is someones bathroom inside of their home.", "A white bathroom sink sitting on top of a counter.", "a bathroom that has a sink and a toilet in it", "Leafy bath mats are on the floor in the bathroom."]
["A bathroom filled with a messy toilet and a sink.", "A small bathroom with toilet, sink, and shower.", "Tiled shower with toilet and sink in same room.", "A small bathroom contains a sink, toilet and other basic necessities.", "Small bathroom with a white towel sitting on it. "]
["A small wooden toy car has an elephant sitting inside.", "A toy elephant sits in a toy wooden car.", "A small elephant toy sitting inside of a wooden car.", "A toy elephant is sitting inside a wooden car toy.", "a wooden skate with a toy elephant inside of it "]
["a close up ofa small stuffed animal on the grill of a car", "A gray stuffed bear is sitting on the grill of a blue car.", "A blue teddy bear tied to the front of a blue car.", "A blue car with a small teddy bear on it's bumper.", "A stuffed bear is standing on the front bumper of a car."]
["A white bus parked in front of a  building.", "A Japanese bus is parked near a house. ", "A parked bus that is facing forward. ", "An Oriental red and white passenger bus,  backed up to the station.", "a bus parked in front of a building "]
["Urinals lined up along one wall with a handicap accessible one at the end.", "A wall of urinals and one has a handrail.", "Five urinals in a row, one has a railing.", "The bathroom features a handicapped urinal at the end of the wall.", "A line of ceramic urinals in a public restroom."]
["A young man is skateboarding on a low wall.", "a man performs a trick on a skate board ", "A kid tries to do a skateboard trick on a cement ledge", "A skateboarder jumps on some concrete in a parking lot.", "A boy skateboarding along the top of a marble garden shelf."]
["a very small bathroom with a dirty toilet and scrub brush near by", "The cramped bathroom includes a dirty toilet with no seat.", "A toilet in a narrow room with a toilet brush next to it.", "a white toilet  some toilet paper and a brown door", "Dirty toilet stall and toilet standing with the door open."]
["The cat is sitting beneath a motor bike.", "A brown and gray dotted cat hiding under some ice cream cans", "Cat peeking out from under a parked motorbike.", "A cat lays under a motorcycle engine looking right at the camera", "a cat sitting underneath motorcycle laying on the brick covered sidewalk"]
["Small white toilet with a small window above it. ", "A toilet is sitting under a window in a bathroom.", "A toilet below a window in a small room ", "A small white toilet and a white bathroom wall.", "A small white toilet under a bathroom window."]
["Several people who are riding motor scooters, stopped at an intersection.", "A group of people ride motorcycles on a street next to cars and buses.", "A group of mopeds on a street next to a bus.", "The woman is riding a motorcycle with two other people, plus her dog.", "A group of cyclists riding together down the highway."]
["a tiled floor with a trash can and a urinal sitting inside of it ", "A bathroom with a toilet built into the floor. ", "A squat toilet in the floor in a bathroom with gray tile.", "A white standing toilet sitting inside of a stall.", "A urinal is made protruding out of the floor of a bathroom."]
["A couple of bathrooms one with a standing toilet next to one with a sitting toilet.", "A urinal that has been placed directly in the floor", "A floor urinal next to a stall with a toilet.", "A couple of toilets in two different rooms.", "A rest room with stalls and a urinal and toilet."]
["A toilet in a bathroom next to a plaque on a wall.", "A toilet is next to a toilet paper dispenser, and a room has a table, chairs, window, and door.", "Two photos, one showing a toilet, the other showing a table with chairs with a window view.", "Two pictures are shown of a restaurant; one of a menu and one of the bathroom.", "Two photographs of bathroom and of chalk board with writing on it."]
["Cats in a bathroom playing with the toilet paper", "a cat playing with a roll of toilet paper in the bathroom", "Kittens playing with rolls of\nToilet tissue in a bathroom", "A cat in a bathroom with toilet paper on the floor.", "Two cats destroying a roll of toilet paper in a bathroom on a blue towel."]
["We are looking in the door of a bathroom stall.", "A picture of a man and boy is attached to the door of a bathroom.", "Restroom with stall intended for parents and child.", "a mans public bathroom where the urinal is on the floor ", "A bathroom that has a toilet on a tile floor."]
["Two ladies are standing near a few toilets. ", "Two women standing in a bathroom with a bunch of open toilets.", "Two women facing a window in a large ladies bathroom", "Both women are looking at the toilet bowl shown on the monitor. ", "Two woman are looking out the window in a bathroom."]
["A toilet seat sits on top of a hole in the ground.", "A toilet lid on a hole in a floor leading to the outside.", "a toilet seat over a hole in a bath room ", "a toilet that has a big deep hole in it", "Toilet with indefinite end because of bright light"]
["A plant is growing on the window sill in the bathroom.", "a bathroom with a toilet a window and a shelf", "A bathroom with the focus on the toilet.", "A white bathroom area with a plant and yellow bottle.", "A bathroom toilet, scrub brush holder and a spider plant on the windowsill"]
["A cat peering into a wooden bowl which is sitting on a table.", "A CAT ON A WOODEN SURFACE IS LOOKING AT A WOODEN BOWL", "A cat is looking at an empty bowl on the floor.", "A cat staring at the bottom of a brown bowl. ", "A cat looking inside a wooden bowl for some food."]
["A cat that is standing over a bowl.", "A cat eating out of a green bowl", "A white cat with a red collar is eating from a green bowl.", "A white cat is leaning over to drink out of a water bowl.", "White cat eating out fom her bowl near a white wall."]
["A white kitten standing in front of a water bowl.", "a cat on the ground eating food out of a bowl", "A white cat looking into it's water bowl. ", "A cat is looking at its water dish. ", "A white cat staring at a green bowl filled with water."]
["A clean white toilet with the toilet seat up.", "A toilet at a hospital with several health notifications", "A white toilet with a white toilet seat in a bathroom.", "Smiley face and message written on the underside of a toilet seat.", "A white toilet sits in a white bathroom area that has a beige wall."]
["A cat laying next to a stainless steel bowl.", "a close up of a cat near a bowl", "A gray cat laying on the floor next to a food dish.", "A grey cat is laying next to a metal bowl.", "Cat laying down with a bowl in front of it."]
["Commode in brightly lit  area of old building. ", "An old toilet sits in a run down building.", "A very dirty and dark room with a toilet .", "A white toilet in a very small room.", "A toilet missing its lid is placed in a torn apart room. "]
["A rusty side car of a train that has been vandalized with artwork.", "THERE IS AN IMAGE OF A RUSTY BUILDING ", "The train has spots of rust that are obscuring the graffiti.", "A very old rusty looking metal surface in the grass.", "A rusty vehicle frame sitting in a field."]
["Hospital display of different bed setups and a nurses uniform. ", "Two old hospital beds with a nurse mannequin standing between.", "The beds are nicely made for next person to use.", "Two hospital beds sit ready for patients beside a mannequin displaying a nurse's uniform.", "Two beds sitting next to each other in a bed."]
["A woman on a small motorcycle waits in traffic.", "Adult on small motorcycle on roadway in urban setting.", "A woman riding a red motorcycle behind a truck.", "A motorcycle rider on a motorcycle stopped behind a truck.", "A woman on a scooter sitting behind a truck that is stopped in the road."]
["A plate with a slice of bread, green peppers and meat on it. ", "a piece of bread with some vegetables and met on top of it", "A piece of toast on a plate toped with egg, pepper, and ham. ", "A slice of toast with ham, and scrambled eggs with peppers or zucchini.", "An open faced sandwich on a plate with a  fork."]
["A blue motorcycle parked on the side of a road.", "A very shiny blue motorcycle parked on a brick area.", "a blue and white motorcycle is parked on a street.", "A shiny blue motorcycle parked near the road. ", "a blue motor cycle and a black motor cycle"]
["A motorcycle with a trailer parked in a spot", "A very nice looking motorcycle parked in a big lot.", "Many cars and motorcycles are parked in a parking lot. ", "A full view of some cars and motorcycles parked on a lot. ", "A large group of motorcycles and cars outside, but no people."]
["A large store filled with lots of groceries and produce.", "a crowded area with some motor bikes and food in it ", "a market people buying many fruits and vegetables", "Scooters parked in aisle at large outdoor market under shelter.", "An aisle of an open air market with partial roof"]
["a black orange and white cat and some bricks", "A cat standing on the ground near a brick wall while making a face.", "A white and grey tabby cat yawns. ", "A cat is sitting down and yawning. ", "a cat with his mouth open yawning showing its front teeth "]
["A young cat with a beautiful coat standing alone. ", "A cat sits on a concrete ledge next to a brick column. ", "A cat setting on concrete near a red brick pillar.", "A tabby cat is shown sitting on a ledge.", "A kitten is standing on the porch of a house."]
["A cat on the ground by a very old door leaning against a wall.", "A black and white cat standing in front of a building.", "A black and white cat near a wall on a cobbled street", "A cat of some sort near a door of some sort.", "A cat sitting on haunches next to a wooden door."]
["A motorcycle parked in a parking lot next to a building.", "A white motorcycle with three wheels next to other motorcycles.", "There is a fine motorbike with fur covering on the seat in the parking lot.", "a motorcycle parked in a lot near a building", "A motorcycle is shown sitting in a parking lot."]
["A person trying to get on a train, but the door shut.", "A women who is looking at the door of a passenger train.", "Side-by-side images of woman trying to board a crowded train car. ", "A woman is attempting to enter a train.", "a lady that is walking in to a train"]
["A group of people on motorbikes sit at a crosswalk.", "Several police officers on motorcycles parked on the street.", "there are many police men riding motorcycles on this street ", "A motorcycle parked in an intersection with cops on motorcycles going past it.", "Police on motorcycles help with crowd control at an event."]
["A motorcycle parked in front of building next to a umbrella covered table.", "Two bikes with trunks on them parked on the side of the street", "Motorcycles with luggage are parked on a street.", "This is a picture of two retro style motorcycles.", "Two motorcycles parked on the side of the street. "]
["Entertainment room with rack of dvds, tv and seating area.", "A living room filled with books furniture and a flat screen TV.", "A living room with couches, chairs and a large flat screen tv.", "A living room is arranged so people can watch the television.", "A cozy living room scene features easy chairs and a large television."]
["passengers sitting in the seats aboard an aircraft", "Someone is sitting at the back of either a bus or a train. ", "people sitting in a big buy with tv screens on the monitors", "Passengers sit inside a bus that includes television screens.", "A train filled with passengers with yellow seats."]
["This photo shows a man in a chair with a toddler next to him.", "A child and man in the living room looking at the tv", "a person looking at a tablet and a baby looking at the tv", "A man using a computer and watching a TV with his child", "A parent and child watching a television show in a living room area."]
["a dark living room with some light from the long windows and lights on the mantle ", "Small television displayed on fireplace mantel in living area of home.", "A small tv is shown on a mantle with MASH playing.", "The picture on the wall is framed by two lamps.", "The small television is underneath a portrait and above a fireplace."]
["A living room filled with brown furniture and a flat screen TV..", "A couch and a chair in a room.", "The couches and chairs in a living room are facing a television.", "a sofa sits in front of a flat screen television ", "A nice looking living room with a TV on the wall."]
["A large purple and red passenger jet flying through a blue sky..", "A large airplane in the sky descending for landing.", "a large passenger airplane flying over some palm trees", "a red and blue plane flying in a blue sky ", "A SW Air flight coming in to land over palm trees"]
["Plane flying in sky above power line wires.", "An airplane flies over head preparing to land", "a very large airplane that is flying around", "A plane flies high in the sky, overhead of electrical wires.", "A large airplane flies over five electrical wires."]
["an image of a a plane that is flying in the air", "A plane begins to land as seen from the street.", "An airplane flying in the sky behind a light post.", "A jumbo jet flying in the air during the evening.", "a photo showing a plane that is near the ground"]
["A group of jets sitting on top of an airport runway.", "An airport has several airplanes parked on the airstrip.", "Several light blue jet planes are parked outside of the airport.", "A couple of large blue airplanes on a lot.", "Some airplanes are parked on the big airway. "]
["Various people standing in line in front of a gate at an airport.", "a bunch of peopel gether at a large gate", "Several people standing behind a fence near a plane.", "Four people are standing beside the airport gate near a large plane. ", "Group of people looking at an airplane through a metal fence. "]
["the back of an air plane flying through a blue sky", "The back view of an airplane on a sunny day.", "a white plane with blue and red details flying in a blue sky", "A large jet sitting below a cloud filled blue sky.", "Looking up at the tail fin and back wings of an airplane in the sun"]
["A large jetliner with a man sitting inside of a compartment.", "A man sitting in an open section of an airplane.", "A person in a plane looks out from in a cabin. ", "a man in a plane looking  through the window", "A man sitting in a grounded white airplane."]
["People walking toward an airplane to board it.", "People making their way towards a passenger plane.", "Passengers walking toward a small propeller plane outside.", "Passengers getting ready to board a small aircraft.", "A group of people walking across the tarmac to an airplane."]
["a small air plane on an air plane run way", "A small plane is parked on the tarmac. ", "A small cargo plane parked outside of a fenced area", "A small airplane sitting on an airport tarmac.", "An small airplane sitting on the runway unoccupied. "]
["Airplane flying in the air over various fields and farms.", "The older style airplane is still able to fly in the air.", "An old bomber plane flying over open land below.", "A large aircraft is flying through the sky.", "a big propeller plane flies through the air "]
["An airplane from Jetairfly is soaring above the clouds.", "A colorful plane flies above the fluffy clouds.", "A play flying in the sky over clouds.", "A blue airplane fling over a cloudy blue sky.", "A blue airplane is flying above the white clouds."]
["there is a airplane that is landed at the airport ", "A scene at night; a plane alone on a runway with lit-up city buildings on the horizon.", "A plane is parked in an airport field.", "An airplane sits parked on the tarmac in the evening. ", "A white jet airliner parked on a runway at night."]
["A plane flies over water with two islands nearby.", "An airplane flying over a body of water that has islands in it.", "an air plane flying in the air with water in the background", "A white airplane flying low over an island covered in trees.", "An airplane approaching for landing over the water."]
["older women sit on a bench, with one of the women holding crutches", "Several women sitting on a park bench outside.", "Black and white picture of three elderly women sitting on a park bench.", "a couple of people are sitting on a bench", "a couple of women sit on a park bench "]
["A woman is crossing the street with a bouquet of flowers.", "A black and white picture of a lady with flowers crossing the street.", "Black and white photograph of a person holding a large sheath of flowers", "A person holding a bouquet of flowers crossing a street at a traffic light.", "black and white image of a person crossing a street holding flowers"]
["Little birds sitting on the shoulder of a giraffe. ", "The top of a giraffe's head has birds on it.", "Three birds sit on the back of a giraffe. ", "A giraffe with 3 birds on his fur.", "A flock of birds sits on top of a large giraffe."]
["A herd of sheep grazing on a lush green hillside.", "Sheepherders move their sheep across a highway as vehicular traffic passes between their flock.", "A road with two vehicles out in the middle of nowhere with animals climbing up a hill on the left.", "Group of sheep walking up the side of a mountain next to road. ", "a herd of sheep walk next to a street"]
["A person on a skateboard up on a ledge.", "A man holding onto his skateboard while doing a jump", "A man is doing a skateboard trick on cement.", "A man in a hat is doing a trick on a skateboard.", "A man riding a skateboard into the air."]
["A group of people boarding in airplane on a runway..", "Several people boarding a plane in the water", "Several people approach a plane that is on the water.", "A group boarding a white and green biplane.", "People are standing near an airplane on the water."]
["A plane just having taken off from the ground ", "An airplane equipped for water landing taking off.", "Pontoon propeller airplane taking off near a docked cruise ship.", "A large sea plane has engines on both wings.", "a green and white water plane flying over the water"]
["A airplane that is sitting on a runway.", "a large plane has a couple of letters on it", "a little car driving up to a colorful plane ", "a airplane that is on a large runway", "There is a car next to the airplane."]
["An \"ANA\" blue and white airplane at an airport. ", "The huge blue and white jumbo jet is parked at the airport.", "An Ana air plane is parked at the port. ", "A large commercial jet at an airport terminal. ", "There is a blue and white plane parked in the cockpit."]
["A large traffic light suspended over a road.", "A blurry photograph of a traffic light on Library Way", "A traffic light indicating green at an intersection.", "A sign reads \"Library Way\" next to a traffic light.", "A green light in a palm tree lined street."]
["An airplane settled on a runway near water.", "A large American Airlines jet on the runway.", "An American airlines jet on an airport run way.", "Commercial airliner on the runway next to a body of water. ", "A large jetliner landing on a runway at an airport."]
["A large passenger jet with it's landing gear down.", "a red and white plane taking off in the sky", "The large jumbo jet is descending to the runway.", "The plane is taking off from the runway.", "there is a large plane about to land at the airport"]
["A large jetliner sitting on top of an airport runway.", "A passenger jet that is on the runway.", "A plane riding down a runway at the airport.", "A big jet sitting alone on a runway.", "A jet plane speeds down the runway at an airport."]
["A large commercial airline taking off from the airport.", "An airplane is in the sky by gray clouds.", "An airplane takes off under a cloudy sky.", "An air plane going up into the air on a cloudy day.", "a large air plane flying in the air"]
["A set of orange road blocks sitting next to a traffic light.", "A car stopped at a red light with traffic cones in the intersection.", "A road under construction in the countryside. ", "A street with caution barrels and a stop light.", "A construction zone is visible through a windshield."]
["A giraffe standing on top of a lush green field.", "A picture of a giraffe in a zoo.", "The head and shoulders of a giraffe in a zoo.", "A zebra stands in a wooded grassy area.", "a close up of a giraffe in a field"]
["Five jumbo jets are parked at a large airport.", "A group of large jetliners sitting on top of an airport runway.", "there are many airplanes parked at this airport", "A variety of planes sit on the pavement.", "A bunch of passenger jets is parked by the air port."]
["A giraffe eating the bark off of a tree.", "this giraffe looks like it is kissing the tree limb", "A giraffe gnawing at the bark of a tree.", "a giraffe that is eating some wood off a tree", "A giraffe licking the insides of a tree branch"]
["A dog by a bench in a park ", "A cute dog walking on a sidewalk near a bench", "a dog standing in front of a green bench", "A dog standing in front of a set of teal park benches on a red brick floor. ", "a dog standing next to a green bench "]
["Four giraffes walking along the ground next to a little lake", "Four giraffes walking in sandy area next to water.", "Four giraffes walking in open area near water pond.", "Four giraffes walking across a bare land, with water behind them.", "A group of zebras walking near a stream"]
["two giraffes in a field next to some standing water", "The giraffe is a truly majestic tall animal. ", "A couple of giraffe standing on top of a sandy beach.", "Two giraffes stand in an open area with water and other animals in background.", "Two giraffes that are standing in the grass."]
["An intersection with traffic lights hanging above it.", "A look at some traffic by some traffic signals.", "Traffic on the street under several traffic signals.", "A red stoplight that is hanging above a car.", "A large building in the background of traffic at a stop light."]
["A city street with delivery trucks and a bus.", "A bus and a couple trucks on a crowded city street.", "A bus traveling past two semi trucks next to a bicycle path.", "A city street blocked by three large vehicles.", "A bus traveling between two trucks on a city street."]
["A young girl holding a backpack while walking across a field.", "a tiny toddler carries a giant bookbag and bag ", "A young child is holding some things and walking. ", "The little girl is carrying a big book bag around.", "A little girl holding a bag walking in the open."]
["A person holding a red umbrella sitting on a pier.", "a person sitting on a bench with a red umbrella and is looking at some water", "A woman sits on a beach looking at the ocean under an umbrella. ", "A woman holding a red umbrella sits on a bench facing the sea.", "Lone woman with umbrella on a bench looking at the ocean"]
["Street view with cars going by and people walking around,", "A bunch of paper signs that are on a pole.", "a guy walking wearing a backpack passing a pole with posters ", "The signs on the pole direct people where to go.", "a pole with a bunch of signs on  it "]
["A large group of police riding horses down a city street.", "Officers are standing and on horses to form a line across a town center.", "A line of police on foot and on horseback.", "many police are lined up and some are on horses", "A large number of law enforcement officers gathering around a crod of people in a public square."]
["Two green stoplights that are on a pole.", "a traffic light on green that looks like it has the number seventy displayed", "A traffic signal is seen at a busy intersection.", "A van sitting in front of traffic signals next to a bridge.", "Traffic turns left at a green light that also indicates \"70\""]
["Three elderly people sit together and eat desert.", "A group of elderly people eating on a bench", "A group of older people sitting next to each other eating cake.", "Three people share a bench and eat cake together.", "Three older people are sitting on a bench while eating food."]
["a big yellow school bus parked in front of some trees.", "a school bus on a city street near trees ", "A school bus that is stopped at an intersection.", "Large yellow school bus driving through an intersection.", "A yellow school bus sitting at an intersection."]
["A school bus on the road with traffic lights next to a forest.", "A yellow school bus from North Carolina on a road.", "A school bus makes its way around a turn.", "An empty yellow school bus parked by some trees.", "A school bus is riding through a street intersection."]
["A couple of giraffes are standing in the wild. ", "A couple of zebra standing next to a lush green forest.", "Two giraffes taking a stroll in the wild.", "Two giraffes are standing next to each other.", "Two giraffes standing in front of trees facing to the right."]
["A group of people playing music in front of the capital.", "People playing instruments on top of an automobile in front of a government house.", "A group of guys performing on top of a bus", "A group of people standing on top of a black truck that says \"People's Party \" in front of the white house. ", "A group of people are standing in front of the Capitol Building."]
["a couple is waving a flag while stanidg on a pole", "A woman and a man holding a flag under a street light.", "A couple of people standing on a traffic light waving a flag.", "two people standing on a lift waiving a flag under a stop light", "an image of a person that is up in the air"]
["A group of people standing next to each other.", "Four vintage photo taking inside of classrooms with large groups of people. ", "There is a set of four pictures with groups of people in them.", "A collection of black and white photographs of people.", "A variety of black and white photos are shown."]
["A herd of wooly sheep graze on short grass.", "Sheep spread out in a large grass area.", "A flock of sheep in a pasture grazing.", "A herd of sheep in a large grass field.", "A large field with several sheep grazing in the grass."]
["Sheep grazing in large grassy field near hillsides.", "A couple of sheep grazing on the grass in a pasture.", "some sheep eating grass in the field ", "A flock of sheep grazing on a lush green field.", "a bunch of sheep are standing in a field"]
["A  person approaching a public transportation bus through the snow.", "A red passenger bus stopped at a bus stop in the snow.", "A man walking to the bus through the snow.", "A canadian transport bus in a snowy area.", "A person walking in deep snow and an bus driving through the snow "]
["A traffic light sitting next to the side of a building.", "Two stoplights one focused one blurry showing green.", "Two green traffics lights in a European city.", "Two traffic lights are showing a green light.", "2 traffic lights on green, one in the foreground, one in the background."]
["a close up of many toy sheeps on a table ", "a herd of toy sheep standing on a floor", "Little sheep dolls are standing in a herd with heads turned to the side.", "Some very cute sheep standing in a room with smiling faces. ", "A flock of handmade sheep standing on a wooden table."]
["A park bench is empty on the grass by a rock wall at the river side.", "Bench near water area such as a lake.", "A bench sitting in the grass in front of the water.", " a single bench sitting alone in the grass", "a single bench in a large grassy area next to a river"]
["Traffic signal on wall attached to cement structure.", "Traffic signal on the side of a bridge outside.", "The traffic light is bolted on a concrete wall. ", "a large cement building with a stop light resting on the side of it", "The light switch box determines the color of the traffic lights."]
["Large blue passenger bus parked in front of large building. ", "Blue bus labelled \"J.A.K. Travel\" in front of brick building", "A bus sits next to a building on the road.", "A bus sits beside a building on a narrow road.", "A blue travel bus parked near a curb"]
["A red double decker bus driving down the street", "A large red double decker bus traveling down a street surrounded by tall buildings.", "A double decker bus driving down the street", "Double decker bus moving through the center of an old downtown area. ", "A busy city street with a double Decker bus. "]
["A red city bus driving down a street.", "A bus is photographed driving down a street. ", "Pictures of a bus driving down the street.", "A bus with the number one-hundred fifty is driving down the street. ", "Large bus transporting on a open road into a city."]
["a pic with a hydrant outside in the field", "a fire hydrant and a sign are in the grass", "A fire hydrant and a sign that reads \"Keep off the grass.\"", "A yellow fire hydrant in grass next to a sign with a fire hydrant on it.", "a fire hydrant and some signs saying to keep of the grass "]
["A fire hydrant on a cart with a hose attached to it.", "The fire hose is connected to the old white hydrant.", "A white fire hydrant with a hose attached to it.", "a white fire hydrant and a building with a blue door", "a urban setting showing a fire hydrant attached to a firemen hose."]
["A trail leads to a wood park bench in a tree filled park.", "A wooden bench is sitting near a tree.", "A wood bench in a green lush forest.", "There is a bench along the path for runners to take a break on.", "Small wooden bench sitting in the middle of a forrest. "]
["The decorated bench is sitting among the flowers.", "A bench with a picture painted of a lizard on it. ", "A garden bench, with the seat made of multicolored tiles depicting a lizard.", "A bench that is sitting in the grass.", "A bench sitting among flowers and plants with a lizard painted on it."]
["A picture of a building and some grass.", "A photo of a courtyard with a building in the background.", "People are on the lawn enjoying the park situated in front of a tourist spot.", "A castle-like building is in the background while the foreground is a green grass lawn, part of which has been mowed. ", "A large public park stationed in front of a building."]
["A sign stating there's a fire hydrant next to it", "A sign with the words \"FIRE HYDRANT\" has an arrow pointing to a fire hydrant in a wooded area.", "A red fire hyrdant sign pointing at a fire hydrant", "the red and white sign points to the fire hydrant", "Sign pointing to red fire hydrant in a rural area"]
["a red double decker bus is seen coming up the street", "A red double bus is traveling down the road. ", "A double decker bus is on a street.", "A red double decker bus driving down a street.", "A red double decker bus is riding down the road.  "]
["a young female siting on a bench near a small stagnant lake", "A lady in a pink coat sits on a bench.", "A woman sitting on a bench next to a lake.", "A woman sitting on a wooden bench by the water.", "a person sitting on a bench next to a canyon and water."]
["a bus that is driving down the road", "A white and blue bus turning on street under a traffic light.", "a bus turning the corner on the road ", "A bus turning at the intersection of a city street", "A long bus driving down a street under a traffic light."]
["A young lady sitting on top of a wooden bench.", "A young woman is sitting on a bench with her legs crossed. ", "Young, smiling woman in casual dress sits on a bench.", "A woman sitting on a bench with her legs crossed.", "A young woman sitting on an outdoor bench."]
["An empty park bench covered in graffiti with an old homeless man sleeping on it.", "An older man sleeping on a public park bench.", "This is a picture of a man sleeping on a park bench.", "A man laying down on a park bench.", "A black and white picture of a man on a bench."]
["A crow perched on an empty park bench.", "A large black raven perched on the top of a wooden bench.", "A crow sits on the back of a bench. ", "A bird sitting on the back of a wooden chair.", "Large black bird sitting on the top of a park bench. "]
["A b=very large robust giraffe eating leaves from trees", "A large adult giraffe is eating from a talk branch.", "A giraffe is eating leaves from the top of a tree.", "A giraffe feeding off of leaves in a tree.", "An adult giraffe stretching its neck up high to eat leaves from a tree."]
["The bench with shade in the courtyard is empty.", "A bench sitting in front of some trees and bushes next to a house.", "An old park bench next to a blue trash receptacle.", "The yellow bench is by the bushes and the building.", "a wooden bench sitting on the sidewalk in front of some plants "]
["A fire hydrant on the side of the street.", "A fire hydrant that is on a sidewalk.", "a big red fire hyrodgon that is on some concrete", "a close up of a fire hydrant on a city street ", "a faded red fire hydrant on the side of the rroad"]
["A yellow scooter bike is by a fire hydrant.", "A scooter near a pole and a fire hydrant. ", "A yellow scooter is chained to a pole next to a yellow fire hydrant.", "a scooter next to a fire hydrant on a concrete ground", "A moped is parked next to a fire hydrant on the sidewalk."]
["A couple of men standing near a sailboat.", "A bird standing in shallow water near a boat in the ocean.", "A small sailboat in the ocean and a bird in the sand.", "Two men stand by a sailboat on the beach.", "A beach with a bird and buildings in back."]
["A cat that is under a bike on the ground.", "A cat that is closely eying a bird by a bicycle tire.", "A cat by an overturned pot and a bicycle wheel.", "The cat is walking around the bike towards the bird.", "The cat is looking around the bicycle at the bird."]
["A very cute cat looking at a bird by a bike tire.", "A cat standing under a bike next to a bird.", "A cat is looking at a bird next to a bike tire. ", "A cat is looking at a bird beside a bike tire.", "a couple of cats that are next to some bikes"]
["ranodm bus pulled over on the side of the road", "An empty commuter bus parked along a fence. ", "A red bus is behind a rail outside", "A bus that is on the side of a hill.", "Empty Asian city bus stopped on a hill."]
["a man is standing near a yellow fire hydrant outside", "A yellow fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.", "A man is standing in front of a statue.", "There is a man standing alone near statues.", "A man standing in front of a statue near a metal pole."]
["A black and white fire hydrant stands on a brick sidewalk.", "A fire hydrant painted black and white on a brick covered sidewalk.\n", "A close up of a black and white fire hydrant on the sidewalk.", "a fire hydrant sits next to a trash can", "A black and white fire hydrant sits on the street."]
["The fire hydrant is across the street from street lamps. ", "A fire hydrant is on a street near buildings at night.", "A white fire hydraunt sits next to a street.", "Fire hydrant on the street at night time.", "A hydrant is in the middle of a city square."]
["a bunch of people are walking around outside", "A crowd of people mill about on the street.  ", "The crowds are gathering in the city plaza.", "A crowd of people walking in a city.", "Several people standing or walking on a sidewalk."]
["there are many rocks on the side of this road", "A sign on a pole on a city street.", "A pile of garbage lies behind a sign warning against littering.", "A no littering sign with the amount of the fine listed below.", "A sign to not dump in front a many bags of trash."]
["An animal that is on a tree eating some food.", "A bird is picking a berry from a tree.", "BIRD WITH A BERRY SITTING IN THE TREE", "A tropical bird on a tree with a nut in its mouth.", "An exotic bird with a piece of fruit in its mouth from he tree it is perched in."]
["A road that has cars driving under a traffic light.", "A traffic light in front of a huge mountain.", "A green street light hanging above a busy street", "A street light in the middle of a dessert city below a mountain", "Cars are traveling down a busy street through a green light."]
["a close up of two sheep laying on hay", "Sheep sitting in a temporary pen with a water trough", "Two sheep sitting down together in a fenced in area that has sawdust and hay on the ground.", "Two sheep sitting to each other on grass.", "two sheep laying next to each other by a fence "]
["A parakeet sits atop a person's hand next to a keyboard.", "A person is sitting next to a keyboard with a bird on their hand.", "A yellow and green bird sits on a human hand.", "Parakeet resting on hand near keyboard on wooden desk.", "A small yellow and green bird perched on a hand"]
["A group of four birds sitting on top of a tree branch below a clock tower.", "FOUR FAKE RED BIRDS ARE SITTING ON A BRANCH", "4 magenta birds sit atop a branch from a tree", "Four red birds perched on a branch in front of the clock tower.", "some pink peeps sit on a tree branch "]
["a white and black sea bird standing in very shallow water", "A small bird standing in a wet substance.", "A bird's image is reflected while he stands in shallow water. ", "A small bird is standing in the shallow water. ", "A bird stands on top of the sand and water."]
["A white bird walking through a shallow area of water.", "A small birds standing on top of a wet beach.", "The small bird is walking in the water alone.", "A bird walking with its reflection seen in shallow water.", "A bird that is standing in the water."]
["One giraffe in the foreground with two giraffes in the background.", "A giraffe walking on a dirt path in an exhibit enclosure.", "A giraffe standing on a dirt road along the side of a stone enclosure.", "A giraffe is walking along a paved walkway. ", "A giraffe standing with rocks and trees in the background."]
["Some people who are walking on the beach.", "Diners at a cafe overlooking a sandy beach.", "looks like a bird that is stuck in a tree", "People sit at tables next to a beach.", "A white bird in a tree overlooking a beach."]
["A bird walks on sand during the day", "A small bird walking on a sandy beach.", "A bird that is standing in the sand.", "A bird with an orange beak and legs walking on a beach.", "Bird standing on shore with looking to camera"]
["Aoold rustc sign is standing upright in some grass", "A black street post that says \"Wake Forest Rd\".", "An intersection on a small street with street signs.", "two street signs on a black pole in front of some trees", "A stop sign stands behind a street sign on Wake Forest Road."]
["A group of giraffe standing next to each other on a field.", "Five giraffes in a grassy area with palm trees.", "A group of giraffes standing under palm trees.", "Those giraffes are eating from the trees and running wild.", "A group of giraffes walking around in under the shade of the trees."]
["A street corner with a sign and windows on the building.", "a building with some windows next to a street ", "a sign near a building near a side walk", "A sign is located outside a city building. ", "Corner of dilapidated gray building on city street."]
["A street sign showing a person walking with a child and a bike sits on the sit of the road. ", "A pedestrian and bicyclist crossing sign on a sidewalk..", "A sidewalk sign on the side of the road.", "A blue sign with white images of an Adult and Child holding hands, and a bicycle. ", "a pole that has a big blue sign on it"]
["A group of people walking down a sidewalk past a parking meter.", "a couple of people walk on a side walk passing a man in a suit ", " some people are walking down the street with each other", "The people are walking down the street in different directions.", "An intersection with people jogging and street signs."]
["a close up of three birds in a tree branch", "Three birds sitting on a tree branch surrounded by trees. ", "Brown and black birds on a piece of wood with trees in background.", "A group of ugly birds hanging on top of a tree branch.", "A couple of birds are standing together on a branch"]
["A fisherman stands on the cold beach fishing.", "A man in boots stands in the water while fishing.", "A man holding a fishing pole next to the water with ships in the distance ", "A man standing on top of a beach near the ocean with fishing pole.", "A man is on the bank of the water fishing"]
["A bird soaring over a lush green park.", "This big bird is flying over a rocky river.", "A very big pretty bird flying over a field.", "A bird is flying with its wings extended out over a grassy field.", "A large hawk flying above a green field. "]
["there is a small yellow and white bird sitting on a branch", "Bird with colors on tree branch and blurred background", "A small yellow bird perched on a tree branch ", "a small bird on a tree branch ", "A small yellow bird sitting on a tree branch . "]
["a close up of a dog wearing a yellow clone hat", "A dog is smiling and wearing a birthday hat with a smiley face.", "A dog wears a hat on top of its head.", "cute dog wearing a smiley party hat happily", "A white and brown dog wearing a party hat."]
["A dog wearing a yellow hat with a smiley face on it.", "A smiley face hat sitting on a dogs head.", "A large golden dog is wearing a party hat with a smiley face.", "A Shepherd mix dog has a yellow smiley face party hat on its head. ", "A dog wears a yellow smiley face party hat."]
["A baseball player swinging a ball at a bat.", "A baseball player hitting a baseball with his bat. ", "A man is swinging a bat at a baseball.", "An umpire and catcher are there while the guy in a baseball uniform swings at a pitch.", "A batter has just struck the ball in a baseball game. "]
["A close up of a street pole with no parking signs.", "A pole has street sign and two other signs describing parking rules.", "Various signs explain the rules of where to park. ", "Traffic signs are posted on a street corner pole.", "A sign indicates when parking is off limits on West 25 1/2 street."]
["A bird perched up in a tree covered in green leaves.", "Pelicans  sit on vine like shrubbery under a blue sky.", "A bird sitting on the branch of a tree.", "Big birds are perched on a small bush.", "Brown pelicans rest on a mangrove tree near the water."]
["Two sheep standing next to each other on a grass field.", "A pair of shaggy sheep bent over eating grass.", "One of these two grazing sheep needs a trim.", "TWO WHITE ANIMALS EATING GRASS WITH EACH OTHER", "Two white sheep grazing in field under light."]
["A sign on a pole signifying a no parking zone.", "No parking signs on a pole against a blue sky.", "Traffic signals written in French, prohibiting certain parking.", "Multiple street signs next to a high rise in front of a blue cloudy sky.", "Picture of a light post with signs in a foreign language"]
["A group of birds eating at a bird feeder", "Birds on a platform flying on and off", "Group of birds flying and perched on a wood post", "Group of brown birds standing on a perch in front of a tree. ", "A flock of birds on a wooden post"]
["The bird is perched alone on the bannister. ", "A bird is sitting on a post in a garden.", "A hawk sitting atop a wooden fence post.", "A bird perched on the top of a pole.", "A black bird is perched on the top of a wooden post."]
["a couple of birds that are on some wood plat forms ", "there are many birds that are all in the same area", "Several birds sitting on wood and standing in the grass.  ", "A bunch of birds hanging out on top of a perch.", "A group of crane birds and pelicans sitting on stands."]
["A small bird perched on some metal bar ", "A bird is eating from a green feeder", "A little yellow bird perched on a green bird feeder.", "And yellow and black bird standing on a feeder. ", "A small yellow bird sitting on top of a green bird feeder"]
["A series of different bridges over a large body of water.", "a waterway and a train going over it on a train bridge", "A group of bridges crossing a body of water.", "The grey looking water has multiple bridges over it.", "Two of the four bridges have trains on them."]
["a couple of anmails standing next to a truck", "Cows are starting to stand around the parked truck", "The cows investigate the truck parked in the pasture.", "the cows are walking next to the truck ", "Some cattle are gathered around a green pick up truck. "]
["A red train car parked in front of a red brick building.", "a red and white tram on its track and a buidling", "A red train sits outside a building, waiting for passengers", "An old style train car next to an old red building.", "A red train parked by a red brick building."]
["A flock of doves and a man sitting in a park.", "A man sits on a structure with birds in the vicinity.", "Man sitting in a park feeding a flock of pigeons. ", "Birds stand on a side walk under the large trees. ", "A man sitting in a park surrounded by birds."]
["A couple of birds standing on top of  a wooden bench.", "Pair of wild birds standing on dock at waterway area.", "a couple of birds standing on a dock ", "Two herons on a wharf facing each other and water in the background.", "Two birds standing on a bench near the water "]
["A man is on the corner on a city street.", "A man is holding a rubix cube on the street.", "A smiling man holds out a card with color swatches.", "A man holding what looks like a rubrics cube.", "A man holding a smart phone while standing next to a pink light pole."]
["a red humming bird outside at a humming bird feeder\n", "A little cardinal is eating form a bird feeder.", "A bird sits ar the end of a bird feeder.", "A red bird sits in a bird feeder in a tree on a sunny day.", "A red bird is sitting on a bird feeder. "]
["A bird resting on a birdfeeder hanging on a tree.", "A little bird is perched on a bird feeder.", "A small bird sitting on the perch of a bird feeder.", "A bird on a birdfeeding looking in the distance", "A bird sitting on a bird feeder next to green trees."]
["Three birds sitting next to each other on an electrical wire.", "Some birds that are hanging on a wire together.", "Three birds on power lines with dark clouds in the sky.", "A group of three birds perched on top of a power line.", "Three birds are sitting on a wire against the cloudy sky."]
["A toy train is crossing a bridge near pine trees.", "A toy model train riding over a bridge that's overlooking a river.", "Train running across a bridge on the side of a large mountain cliff.", "There is a model of a train on a track going through mountains.", "A miniature train has a snowy mountain setting."]
["A black bird landing on the leaves in the water", "Two big black birds fighting in the thick shrubs in the woods. ", "Two large black birds sitting inside green leaves together. ", "A crow stands on a plant on a body of water.", "A black bird with a red beak sitting in a swampy marsh area."]
["A cardinal sits on a wooden rail in his home environment ", "A little red bird is sitting on a railing.", "A red and brown bird perched on a wooden rail.", "A colorful cardinal sitting on a wooden railing.", "A red bird is perched on a wooden fence looking away "]
["Two birds stand on the edge of a rail. ", "Two birds are sitting on the ledge of a deck.", "Red birds sit on the railing of a deck.", "Two red birds sit on a wooden fence in the woods.", "Two red birds standing on a balcony ledge."]
["A building in the sky that has the lights on.", "a street sign on a pole with buildings in the background", "A very tall building with a red top next to other buildings.", "A view looking up at blue sky between tall buildings and skyscrapers in a big city.", "View pointing upward of a skyline in a city"]
["a little cat stretching by some apples ", "A cat standing on a  dirt yard near apples", "A brown cat arching it's back in front of a brown picket fence.", "A cat arches its back next to a fence with apples on the ground. ", "The cat and apples are near the fence. "]
["A sign on top of a restaurant next to a traffic light.", "A variety of signs on a street corner.", "A sign advertising an eatery in which people can eat burgers.", "A street sign with a traffic light and store signs behind it", "A display sign of a food joint and Cesar E Chavez Av"]
["A fence lines the street and creates a barrier from sidewalk.", "City block fenced off for construction amidst office buildings.", "A big long metal fence near some buildings.", "A street with a metal fence and many buildings.", "A construction area takes up part of a city street."]
["A one way sign pointing to the left; the sky is blue in the background. ", "A group of different road signs, one of which is a one way only sign.", "A one way sign mounted to the side of a pole.", "A close up of a one way sign on a pole.", "a pole with a one way street sign as well as a few others "]
["many cars driving on a city street near trees", "A view of a downtown area, looks very rural.", "A tall palm tree growing on a city street", "A palm tree in the middle of the street near buildings. ", "This a street of a town in Southern California. "]
["A number of trains sitting in a warehouse", "There are may train cars inside the building.", "A group of old trains in a warehouse.", "A train moving past some buildings near a station", "A train museum inside of a large building "]
["A red light and street sign in front of a palm tree", "A red traffic light hangs next to a Tampa Ave street sign.", "A stop sign and a sign that says Tampa Av has a palm tree against a blue sky.", "A traffic light with a street sign in front of a palm tree.", "A street sign letting you know it's Tampa Avenue. "]
["A railroad conductor looking off the side of the train", "A train in the dark with people beside it.", "The caboose of a train at night time.", "A train sits on the train tracks while others look at it.", "a close up of a train on train tracks at night"]
["A red train with a large engine that's on tracks.", "a close up of a train on a track in the dark", "A close up picture of a red locomotive at night.", "An old red train engine with its lights on.", "A red train is parked on the tracks at night."]
["A train next to a station as a man walks beside it", "A large long train on a steel track.", "The train is pulled up to the station under the clock.", "A passenger train at a station has a great deal of graffiti.", "A red train with graffiti pulled into the station"]
["a red train parked in front of a train station.", "Red train with graffiti parked at a train station.", "A red train with graffiti on it stopped at a train station.", "Red train with graffiti on it at a train station. ", "a red and white train and a clock at a train station"]
["A man walking through an empty subway concourse", "A man in a wind suit walking by a train with graffiti on it.", "A man walking next to a passenger train at a depot.", "A man walking on a platform next to a train.", "A man is walking alongside a subway train."]
["A stop sign that is decorated in a tropical environment. ", "A stop sign with flags on a street corner.", "a stop sign with a sky in the background", "Ivy grows up a stop sign that stands on the corner of a street.", "A stop sign with a car going through the intersection."]
["A toy train is driving on a train track.", "A toy train going down a train track in a garden", "A toy train is coming down a track near trees.", "a black and red toy train on its track and some plants", "A toy train runs along an outdoor track."]
["a red and black miniature train engine is pulling a red train car", "A toy train is on a track running through some shrubbery.", "A small train traveling past a green bush.", "A train engine and car in a park display.", "A model train is on the tracks of an outside garden."]
["A red and white train with graffiti on it.", "A train that has graffiti written over the door.", "A red train covered in graffiti with silver doors.", "A subway at the station has graffiti atop its doors.", "Graffiti is sprayed over the door of a red train."]
["A passenger train that has had some graffiti written on it.", "A train with graffiti painted over the door.", "A red and white train care with graffiti on its doors.", "A passenger train marred with graffiti pauses at a station. ", "The train door has been painted colorfully above the entrance."]
["A stop sign with green ivy growing on it at a corner.", "a stop sign with some plants grass and a street", "The pole of the stop sign is covered in vines. ", "Street sign with plants growing around it on the side of the street. ", "An intersection stop sign with a vine growing up it. "]
["A subway pulls into a quiet subway station.", "A passenger train on the tracks in a station.", "A train travelling into a station near a platform.", "A train pulls into a aubway station where people stand.", "A train is pulling into the train station."]
["A stop sign with graffiti on the 600 block of Newport Street.", "a close up of a vandalized stop sign on a pole ", "A stop sign and street sign attached to a pole at an intersection.", "A stop sign on Newport Street has graffiti. ", "Stop sign with intended pun written in below it."]
["A couple of parking meters sitting on top of a patch of grass.", "Two parking meters near a couple of cars.", "a parking meater on a street corner next to cars", "Two parking meters in front of some cars. ", "Two parking meters sit next to each other on the same pole."]
["A parking meter with a no parking sign on it.", "A parking meter with a no parking sign on it.", "a guy walks across a big stone walk way ", "A parking sign is displayed on a parking meter.", "A 'No Parking' sign hangs on two parking meters."]
["Several people and a fire truck parked in front of a building.", "Many people gather around in front of a building. ", "A group of people standing outside of a build with a fire truck sitting out front.", "some people standing out front of a big building", "A fire truck is parked outside of a red tall building."]
["A small black and brown dog standing next to a cow.", "A dog and a tagged bull greet each other in a field", "A cow and a dog are looking into each others eyes.", "A dog up, close and personal with a cow.", "A dog and cow have a moment in a pasture during sunrise."]
["A cat and a dog or playing with a ball.", "close up of a dog and a small cat with a white background", "A brown dog and a  black and white kitten playing with a tennis ball.", "a brown and white dog and a cat playing with a ball", "A kitten plays with a colorful ball with a dog next to it."]
["a dump truck in field of dirt and straw", "A dump truck unloading dirt in an open field.", "A truck dumping soil in a rural area.", "A truck empties dirt out of it's back onto the ground. ", "THERE IS A DUMP TRUCK THAT HAS ITS LIFT UP "]
["Small kitten warming up to a shy dog.", "A dog and a cat show affection for each other.", "A dog and a cat share a moment", "A cat is nuzzling up to a dog's snout.", "Dog appearing sleepy with cat trying to get attention."]
["Digital painting of a tabby cat and large dog touching noses.", "A cat standing on top of a tiled floor next to a dog.", "A large dog and small cat touch noses.", "a dog that is looking down at a cat", "A cat is standing on a red tile floor"]
["A cat looking at an elephant on a table", "A cat looks at a toy elephant on a table.", "A cat casts a suspicious eye on a toy rubber elephant.", "a grey cat looking at a toy elephant on the table ", "A cat with a blue collar looking at a toy elephant."]
["a cat laying on part of a suitcase ", "The cat is laying in a black bookbag.", "A cat investigating a black backpack on the floor.", "A cat laying on a black bag thats on the floor.", "a cat sits on top of a back pack "]
["A very colorful room with models of cows afixed to the ceiling.", "Two statues of cows set on the roof.", "a large cow that is attached to the cieling", "A room with cows appearing to be on the grass on the ceiling.", "Cows on display on top of codling with people far down below"]
["A big flatbed truck with the flag of the United Kingdom. ", "A military truck and trailer are parked on a field.", "A large, British military transport vehicle parked at an event.", "A large military truck parked next to a group of people.", "A long green army trucks parked next to a group of men on a field."]
["A man standing next to a herd of sheep and cattle on a lush green field.", "A person feeding cows in a field on a large hill.", "A man is standing with some sheep in a field", "A man is petting one of the cows outside. ", "a person in a blue shirt and some white black and brown cows"]
["A fleet of green army trucks parked on a grass covered field.", "The two military trucks are sitting beside each other.", "The two green military vehicle are parked in the field", "A row of covered army trucks parked in a field", "Two army vehicles sit on a patch of grass. "]
["A graffiti covered truck parked in front of a building.", "A box truck that is sitting near a building.", "A utility truck parked on a incline covered in graffiti.", "A colorfully painted bus is parked on a hill.", "A small moving truck with the word \"ARCHIVE\" graffiti'd on the side."]
["A cat leaning on top of a wooden table.", "A cat with its paws on a table near a glass of wine. ", "A CAT WITH ITS PAWS ON THE TABLE NEXT TO A GLASS OF WINE", "a cat with its front paws on  the table", "A cat sits with its paws on a table next to a glass of wine. "]
["Appliance Warehouse truck in a parking lot with two men shaking hands and other men standing behind.", "a group of people next to a truck in a parking lot", "A group of people in neon safety jackets behind an appliance truck.", "A line of people near a warehouse truck in a parking lot.", "People wearing safety vests stand in a parking lot."]
["A cat is staring at the computer keyboard. ", "A picture of a cat looking at a computer keyboard. ", "A dog looking at the keyboard of a computer.", "Cat cannot possibly be typing on the keyboard.", "A cat with its facing hanging over a keyboard."]
["A cat laying in a bathroom sink under a faucet.", "THERE IS AN ADULT CAT THAT IS LYIGN IN THE SINK", "A cat is curled up in a bathroom sink.", "a cat lying in a white bathroom sink ", "a cat laying in the bathroom sink "]
["This little Korean truck is carrying soft drink bottles.", "Work truck with soda bottles and foreign language parked in front of a bar", "A small truck is shown in a black and white photo.", "A large truck parked on a city street.", "A pick up trucks with crates on the bed driving through a city street."]
["A close up image of a cat sitting on a couch. ", "A cat sitting on a chair on top of a soft cushion.", "A cat lays on the couch, staring at something out of frame.", "A striped cat sitting on a blue couch.", "A cat is sitting on the couch looking at something."]
["A cat is laying curled up on a table surrounded by greenery.", "This is an image of a cat sleeping on a table next to houseplants.", "A cat sleeping on a table among potted plants.", "A cat is taking a nap near a bunch of plants.", "A cat sleeping on a table holding house plants."]
["A street scene with people lined up on the sidewalk.", "a truck on a narrow city street with buildings in the background ", "YELLOW TRUCK COMING UP THE ROAD WITH PEOPLE ON BOTH SIDES OF STREET", "a truck is entering a very crowded parade", "The people are standing on the side of the street as the bus passes."]
["A cat  sitting in front of a mirror with it's tail reflecting in a mirror.", "A mirror showing an animal's tail in it.", "A photo of a mirror with a cats tail in the reflection.", "a tail is on a wood floor by the mirror", "The reflection of an animals tail is seen in the mirror."]
["An eighteen wheel truck at a gas station. ", "A delivery beer truck in front of a gas station.", "A truck that is getting some gas in the day time.", "an image of a gas station with a truck out front", "A large Miller Lite delivery truck refueling at a gas station"]
["two cats in a window near a tree ", "Two cat figurines are placed looking out a window.", "A window has two cats in clothes standing next to each other.", "Pair of black and white cat figurines displayed in window of home.", "Two fake cats are sitting in a window."]
["Two cats are sleeping in a window sill.", "Brown, black, and white cats sitting next to a closed window. ", "two cats are enjoying the sun while sitting in the window.", "A cat sitting on top of a window sill next to a window.", "Two cats snuggle together on a window sill."]
["a cat sitting in front of a tv while watching a hocket game on tv", "A cat is looking up next to a large television.", "A cat sitting in front of a television watching a hockey game.", "The cat is sitting in front of the tv. ", "Cat looking at hockey game on television screen"]
["a funny cat in front of a tv monitor", "A cat looks into the camera while the TV is on in the background.", "a cat staring as a television plays in the back ground ", "A cat is looking straight ahead with the TV on in the background.", "A cat sitting on the floor in front of a TV showing Craig Ferguson."]
["A cat is laying face down on the remote control. ", "a cat sleeping with a remote under the cats chin", "A cat is resting his head on a remote control. ", "sleepy cat napping on a cable remote control", "The half asleep cat is lying next to a remote control."]
["A couple of boats traveling down a river near a forest.", "a couple of people are in a small boat on the river", "Several people ride in small boats on the river.", "People sitting on small boats with oars, in water.", "A group of people boating down a river in a tropical area."]
["A man is throwing a baseball near some water", "a man in red is reaching back with a ball", "A man pitching a ball while standing on a green field.", "A man throwing a ball on some grass next to some water.", "A person by the water with a small boat."]
["An animal standing on top of a lush green field.", "A VERY SMALL BABY COW IS LAYING IN THE PASTURE", "A lone cow grazing in a field on a sunny day.", "A very cute cow in a big grassy field.", "A cow grazes in a grassy area, with another cow laying in the background."]
["Two animals standing in the grass near trees. ", "some big black cows in  a grassy field", "A large black bull standing in front of trees.", "a black cow is standing in a grassy field", "A black cow standing in a grassy field."]
["A large brown bull with long horns standing on a grass covered field..", "Cattle with horns and red hair standing against a fence.", "a long hair long horn cow in a pasture", "a close up of an animal behind a fence with tall grass", "A Scottish long haired cow standing next to a barbwire fence."]
["A cow has a ring in its nose near two men.", "A close-up of a cow's head with a ring through its nose.", "A cow with several people around it looks at the camera.", "A brown cow with a harness around its mouth and a nose ring.", "Two men standing behind a cow in front of a house."]
["A small boat in the water and a person.", "A person sitting at a counter near the water", "A woman standing near a large marina filled with lots of boats.", "A boat with three people are out in the water and a women is standing over at a ledge talking to someone next to her.", "A woman leaning on a wooden frame looking at boats in the water."]
["A sailboat docked beside a pier and other boats.", "A small boat is sitting on the water", "A boat that is floating in a body of water.", "a small boat in a narrow body of water ", "A boat sitting in the water near a dock."]
["A cat stares forward over the corner of a keyboard.", "a cat that is next to a keyboard", "The orange cat with green eyes is near a keyboard. ", "Cat overlooking keyboard as seen from above in lit room.", "A cat's face by a computer key board"]
["A close up shot of a cat looking at a computer.", "A close-up of a cat's face near a computer keyboard. ", "Small yellow cat sitting in front of a keyboard. ", "A cat's face close to the keyboard of a computer", "A cat has its head close to a computer keyboard."]
["Large white yacht in the sea with windsurfers nearby.", "A large  yacht floating on a large body of water.", "A boat and people in the ocean with their sale boats. ", "A boat is sailing in the distance with parasailers in front.", "Two people windsurfing with a boat behind them."]
["A stuffed teddy bear wearing a blue neck tie.", "A very old teddy bear with a blue tie", "A stuffed teddy bear of some sort laid to rest.", "A stuffed brown bear with a blue tie.", "A teddy bear with a blue scarf and eyes tilted to its left."]
["A river filled with red boats floating on it.", "Several brown boats are in a canal by houses.", "A canal with several barges in the water way.", "Long, brick red covered boats docked along a house-lined canal.", "many small boats in a narrow body of water"]
["A man sitting in a bar wearing a hat and white tie.", "A man in a hat , vest and tie looking at the camera", "a person wearing a hat and tie in a room of people.", "A man looking in the camera has a brown hat.", "A man looking at the camera, with a mustache, wearing a hat."]
["A group of elephant statues standing on top of blue bases.", "Some statues of elephants are on blue platforms.", "Several elephant statues are lined up in a row.", "A line of elephant statues all painted differently.", "Outdoor art display of elephant sculptures of various colorings."]
["A body of water with boats in city buildings in the background.", "A completed puzzle of a fishing village sits on a table.", "A scenic view features a calm lake, boats and mountains in the distance.", "a jigsaw puzzle of a body of water with boats in them ", "A jig saw puzzle has a nice picture of boats and houses."]
["A harbor filled with boats surrounded by buildings.", "Group of boats all parked along side a large lake.", "A harbor in a tropical setting with many boats.", "A tropical marina with many boating vessels and dirty water.", "Plenty of yachts are resting in this marina."]
["People standing on the backs of elephants that are standing in the river.", "Three men stand atop elephants in the water.", "Three men standing on top of some elephants.", "Three people are standing on the backs of three elephants.", "Three people stand on the back of three elephants."]
["A man with at hot on that is in the water.", "Man in a hat shirt behind an animal carrying cargo.", "a man in a canoe boat in the back of a elephant ", "People sitting on small boats in the creek. ", "a man riding an elephant that is walking in the river"]
["A man with a green tie has his arms around the shoulders of two boys.", "A man in a suit poses for a picture with each of his arms around a boy in a suit.", "A man with a bright green tie with his arms around to boys.", "A man and two boys wearing suits together.", "a man in a suit poses with some kids in suits "]
["Two people with umbrellas are walking across railroad tracks.", "Two people walking in the rain across rail road tracks holding umbrellas.", "Two people walking across the street holding umbrellas.", "Two people holding umbrellas crossing the street in the rain", "two people cross train tracks on a rainy day "]
["a big lake with some boats out in it", "Two people are rowing a boat together in the water. ", "a peaceful mountain lake with two row boats floating on top", "Some people are rowing a boat on a lake.", " a beautiful ,peaceful lake with a couple rowing a boat"]
["Elephants swimming in a water hole in the sun", "A herd of elephants, some are in the water and some are standing on dry land.", "Herd of elephants crossing a water hole next to another herd of elephants.", "A herd of elephants cooing off in a river", "a elephant plays in a body of water "]
["there is a man walking in the street holding a umbrella", "A couple of men walking past a red double decker bus.", "A man that is holding a umbrella on the sidewalk.", "This is a busy, rainy day in  London, its street with  people walking, buses and motorbikes.", "a couple of people that are walking next to a red bus"]
["A black and white image of a vehicle that is decorated like a dog. ", "An old car is decorated as a parade float.", "A car decorated like a float with a large umbrella in place of a roof.", "A car with an umbrella on a city street.", "A car dressed up for a parade contains a parasol"]
["three big elephants walking across a wide river", "Three elephants are knee deep in blue water.", "a number of elephants partially submerged in a body of water ", "There are three elephants walking through the water.", "Three elephants are crossing a body of water."]
["A man wearing a blue tie taking a selfie in a mirror.", "The man is taking a picture in the mirror with his phone. ", "Man with blue tie holding phone in entry way.", "A man using a cell phone to take a selfie with a mirror", "A well dressed guy standing by a door with a phone in his hand."]
["Boats are parked by the pier under the moon.", "Several boats in water by dock at nighttime", "A group of boats in harbor next to a pier.", " Many boats of all sizes are seen in the river.", "A boat dock area with many boats of all sizes and colors"]
["A photographer is setting up his lighting equipment. ", "A guy holding a lit umbrella over a table.", "A man that is holding up a light.", "A photographer shooting a picture of a wine.", "A man holding a white umbrella over another white umbrella."]
["The girl with blue hair stands under the umbrella ", "a woman with blue hair and a yellow umbrella", "a female with blue hair and a yellow umbrella", "A young woman with dyed hair and sunglasses is holding an umbrella. ", "An emo hipster with blue hair and a yellow umbrella."]
["A man tying a boat to a shore line by the water.", "the man ties off his small fishing boat in the sea", "A man is pulling up a sailboat to dock it on the shore.", "A man is holding onto the ropes on his boat", "Man tending to small boat on large waterway."]
["The steam boat is docked next to a three story building. ", "A boat parked at a large loading dock.", "A boat is docked at a vintage boat dock.", "a large boat is parked up against a dock", "A boat is docked right next to a large building."]
["A ship in the water sailing past the city in the background", "A shoreline is empty except for a single boat with two red flags.", "A boat moving along the water with city buildings in the backdrop.", "A single boat travels through the water outside a large city.", "A old looking ship sailing in water by a modern city."]
["a white boat is in front of a city on the water", "A boat cruising in front of waterfront skyscrapers.", "A white military boat floating across a large body of water.", "A white ship sailing past an urban area.", "A Coast Guard boat going down a body of river in front of some buildings."]
["An outdoor setting is lined with tables and chairs.", "A courtyard with tables and chairs and umbrellas.", "An outdoor view of a dilapidated european restaurant", "Tables are set up outside on a patio for dining. ", "A patio with many chairs and a few tables."]
["A person working in an office is talking on cellphone.", "A man wearing a purple tie holding a cell phone.", "A man is holding a cell phone up to his ear.", "A man with a suit on and a cell phone to his ear. ", "BUSINESS LOOKING PERSON HOLDING A CELL PHONE TO HIS EAR"]
["A large body of water with a boat on it.", "A boat in the deep blue sea with land near the ocean. ", "a boat is in a vast body of water ", "a boat sitting quietly on the blue water ", "A calm ocean inlet beckons all boats and sailors."]
["A group of small boats floating down a river.", "An aerial photo of a river with boats and vehicles.", "Many boats ride along the river past a road.", "A river with a road by it has many boats from kayaks to sailboats. ", "A river by a road with several boats in the water"]
["A boat floats in the water near the shore. ", "A white boat floating down a large body of water.", "White boat navigating on waterway near populated area.", "A small white boat in the middle of the water.", "A medium-sized boat cruising away from a harbor."]
["Many people with umbrellas are waiting to cross the street.", "a busy street is waiting for a crosswalk to say go.", "A group of people with umbrellas waiting to cross the street. ", "A large crowd of people waiting to cross a street.", "Several people with umbrellas waiting to cross the street."]
["a person in front of a projection with music notes", "A man stands in front of a projection of music.", "A man stands next to a computer screen and in front of a screen on which is projected musical notes.", "A man in suit and tie standing next to a projector screen.", "An old man with eyeglasses stands next to a giant screen"]
["A large elephant walking across a field of grass.", "An elephant taking a stroll around its enclosure.", "an elephant is walking on some grass and some trees", "A large elephant walking across a field of grass.", "An elephant walking around outside in a park. "]
["A man wearing a neck tie and a blue shirt.", "The man is wearing his blue shirt with his long necktie loosened", "A close up of a mans neck wearing a blue dress shirt and tie.", "Men's tye slight loose on a man who also has a slightly unbuttoned shirt.  ", "A striped tie with the shirt collar unbuttoned"]
["The pipe smoker enjoys his nightly  smoky ritual.", "A man wearing a tie is smoking a pipe.", "A man wearing glasses is smoking a pipe.", "A man smoking a pipe in front of a TV.", "A man who is smoking on a pipe."]
["A dreary, rainy day by the water, with people under an umbrella.", "A person in a raincoat standing next to a person holding an umbrella while they view the sea. ", "A group of people standing on top of a wet pier.", "A black and white picture of a couple of people standing near water.", "People are on a dark pier near the water."]
["A couple of people that are in the grass.", "A man and a woman sitting in the grass with a briefcase full of tools.", "A man sitting on the ground next to a woman near a tree.", "A man in a surgical mask and briefcase kneeling behind a woman on a lawn.", "A man and woman sitting in grass with tools."]
["A mother and baby elephant are standing near a water source.", "two elephants walking near each other in a field near water ", "An adult elephant and baby elephant loving on one another. ", "A large elephant standing next to a smaller elephant.", "An adult elephant cuddling with her baby in the forest."]
["A little elephant who is standing with to larger elephants.", "Tiny baby elephant framed by adults on a dusty walk.", "Two adult animals standing on each side of a baby elephant. ", "Two adult elephants with a baby elephant standing between them.", "A baby elephant is standing with two adult elephants."]
["A large elephant standing on top of a dirt field.", "An elephant lifts its tusk to its mouth, in a pen.", "an elephant in its pen and some trees", "An elephant standing in the dirt in a fenced in area.", "A large elephant stands in its habit while people watch."]
["Black and white photograph of people at train station.", "Passengers with suitcases walking down platform at the train station.", "A train on the track.Passengers with luggage on the platform. ", "A group of people standing next to a large train.", "Passengers wait to board a commuter train at a station."]
["A baggage handler moves some luggage towards its destination.", "A cart full of suitcases stands on the edge of the track at a train station.", "A man checks a set of luggage at the station. ", "Luggage waiting to be loaded on to the train by the worker in the foreground.", "A large cart with many pieces of luggage on it."]
["this is two people riding on an elephant", "The polo player is riding on an elephant.", "A polo player holding a mallet on the back of an elephant.", "a polo player on the back of an elephant", "A man who is holding a club and sitting on a horse."]
["A boy attempting to mount an elephant in a wooded area.", "The man is sitting on the head of the elephant and adjusting the seat pad under the buckled belt.", "A man is attaching a blanket to an elephant.", "A man turned backwards on top of an elephant.", "A man rides an elephant on the road."]
["an elephant stading behind some tall grasses and staring at the camera", "A large elephant standing in some tall grass.", "An elephant standing behind some really tall grass", "There is a elephant in the grass, there are also trees in the background.", "An elephant walks through the tall grass in the sun."]
["a herd of elephants walking down a desert road ", "A pack of wild elephants crossing a dirt road\n", "A large group of elephants are crossing the road.", "a herd of elephants crossing a dirt street", "A herd of elephants cross a dirt road."]
["A scene of a waterway with several boats.", "Several people on a gondola on a river passing under a small bridge.", "A group of people are riding down a river on a boat.", "A gondola type boat going down a canal. ", "Many people partaking of a river gondola ride."]
["A fleet of boats floating on a crystal blue ocean.", "four boats sitting together  in some bright blue water ", "Four Boats out on the Ocean moving together.", "Several boats in the water near two rock outcroppings.  ", "yachts in clear, shallow water near a rocky outcropping"]
["A large elephant in mid stride in the desert", "An elephant runs through the dirt in the wild.", "Large elephant walking to the dirt and grass oneself. ", "A large gray elephant standing in a desert.", "An elephant roaming around a dry african-like landscape."]
["A pod of elephants in the African plains", "a group of elephants on a grass field.", "A herd of elephants with several young ones", "Herd of adult elephant and young walking in grassy field area.", "A herd of elephants standing under some trees."]
["In the suit case there are  some clothes  .\n", "Clothes are thrown unfolded into the luggage bag.", "A suitcase full of purple shirts on a bed.", "an open suit case with three purple items of clolthing", "a close up of an open luggage bag"]
["A harbor that has a large number of boats docked.", "a lot of boats sitting around on a marina ", "Numerous sail boats are docked in water near a city.", "a boat sails by a bunch of parked boats ", "A crowded harbor filled with small sailboats and other watercraft."]
["A medium sized dog is lying inside an open suitcase.", "a dog in a suite case that is on the ground", "Tired dog laying down in packed suitcase near bed.", "a blonde dog is laying in a suitcase", "there is a big dog that is sitting inside of a luggage"]
["a group of black suitcases sitting next to each other by a wall", "Suitcases stand in a room with brick walls and photographs.", "Some luggage sets in the living room ready to go.", "Set of black suitcases sitting next to a brick wall. ", "Packed luggage ready to go somewhere and in a room."]
["A woman standing in a grove while holding a black umbrella", "A woman dressed in black holding a black umbrella on a tree-lined lane.", "A woman with an umbrella standing alone in the woods.", "A girl with an umbrella standing in a path way with trees on both sides", "I women standing in a path between trees. "]
["two yong men in kilts are having a conversation ", "A black and white image with two uniquely dressed individuals.", "Two people dressed up in costumes are interacting.", "two people in patterned costumes holding suitcases and standing before one another.", "Two men are dressed up with checkers and fur."]
["Several different colors of oriental kites and other decorations being viewed by a crowd.", "An outdoor event with a lot if art on dislpay", "A picture with large ornately colored umbrellas in pots", "A yellow, purple, and red umbrella and a women looking at them.", "A group of umbrellas in a market with some people."]
["a close up of two luggage bags on a counter", "Yellow, blue, and green suitcases stacked on each other.", "Two old suitcases, a blue one and a brown one, are stacked one on top of the other.", "two suitcases one is tan and yellow  the other is blue", "A stack of suitcases sitting on a green chair."]
["A woman looking down at a set of luggage to her right.", "People sitting on large quantities of luggage that's tied together.", "A few girls sitting among a row of suitcases", "People sitting on the side of a street next to suitcases.", "Four people sitting on top of luggage outside."]
["three luggage bags piled up on top of one another ", "The suitcases are stacked up next to a bed.", "Three suitcases are stacked on the floor of a bedroom.", "A stack of luggage below a framed photo of a map", "Three luggage bags sitting next to a bed, on the ground."]
["a number of people holding a number of open umbrellas", "Several people in matching black outfits holding umbrellas.", "a group of people in black clothes holding onto small umbrellas ", "A group of people standing in two rows holding umbrellas.", "A group of ninjas wearing all black hold up small white fans."]
["A number of unmanned small boats tied together.", "multiple boats floating on a large body of water un attended.", "A group of four motor boats on the water.", "Four boats docked in a harbor at sunset.", "The boats are floting on top of the water."]
["A sunset behind a hill with a bay of boats in the foreground.", "The view of the water and mountain as the sun goes down", "Small boats on water with setting sun behind distant hills.", "A sun setting behind the mountains with a bunch of boats in the bay.", "Many boats are floating in the water at sunrise."]
["A room filled with two pieced of brown luggage and a mannequin wearing a shirt.", "An old trunk sits as a stand is in the foreground.", "Model sitting in front of a leather suitcase in a storage area. ", "An old dressmaker;s dummy stands next to a pair of old suitcases.", "Vintage tailor's mannequin and two old suitcases with luggage decals on them."]
["A couple of large suitcases on the ground.", "A sidewalk sale with luggage sets and boxes of espresso machines on display", "Luggage and espresso machines for sale in a store.", "A red suitcase and blue suitcase sit beside espresso machines.", "The two suitcases are together outside to be sold."]
["Five statues of people on a pavement ", "A bronze statue of a woman and children with luggage", "a group of family statues in a large building", "Statues of a woman and four small children with luggage ", "The statues are of a family traveling together. "]
["A stack of old trunks and luggage against a wall.", "Six large suitcases stacked up against the wall.", "A pile of suitcases against a blue and red wall.", "A pile of luggage sitting next to a pink wall.", "A stack of old suitcases are shown on the side of the wall"]
["THERE ARE SOME THINGS THAT ARE IN A TRAY ", "There is a suitcase which appears to filled with foreign snacks.", "A suitcase packed with several types of food containers mostly grains and rice.", "Different candies and treats line the interior of a suitcase.", "A suitcase packed with a variety of food products"]
["bedroom of a girl and her dog laying on bed", "A dog laying on a bed in a bedroom with furniture.", "A dog laying on a bed in an empty room.", "a clean bed room with a dog on the bed", "A dog sleeping on top of a bed in a bedroom. "]
["A man walking past a group of ladies walking down a road holding pink umbrellas with his gut and moobs handing out.", "A man walks by a procession of women holding parasols.  ", "A man with his shirt open walking past a group of women in pink dresses with pink umbrellas.", "a group of people holding some pink umbrellas", "A line of ladies with pink frills and parasols pass by a beer gutted man."]
["A sky view looking at a large parachute in the sky.", "An umbrella is flying next to a building.", "Multi-color umbrella floating in the air next to grey tower", "A rainbow parachute in the sky next to a tower.", "A colorful umbrella falling from a tall building."]
["An imposing building rises in the distance on a rainy day.", "A narrow city street with pedestrians and cars looking towards a domed building.", "A group of people on an alley with umbrellas", "the street is wet and people are holding umbrellas", "A street is wet with water and people walk with umbrellas"]
["Two draft horses pulling a large sleigh and a dog in front of them", "A photo of two Clydesdale horses with a small dog.", "Two horses pull a cart through the snow.", "A dog is standing in front of horses", "There are two horses standing in the snow with a dog"]
["A crowded street with people carrying umbrellas down a street.", "Many umbrellas under a festival banner in a city.", "A group of umbrellas on the street near some buildings.", "A number of umbrellas on the side of a sidewalk", "there are many umbrellas on this street here"]
["The person crossing their legs is wearing socks with colorful dogs on them. ", "A person in a pair of high heels and jeans. ", "A person is modeling black socks with a dog pattern.", "A person is wearing socks with dogs on them and black pumps.", "Someone wearing high heel shoes and socks with their shoes"]
["A stack of suitcases beside curtains made from white squares.", "Spools of thread or on suitcases in front of hanging fabric.", "Two small suitcase is sitting in front of a white sheet. ", "A pile of luggage sitting up against a wall of towels.", "A wall dedicated to white cloth with suitcases out front"]
["a person standing near a building with an open umbrella", "The person holding the umbrella is walking to the building", "The woman holding an umbrella is walking towards a doorway.", "A person and umbrella on a walkway leading to an archway.", "An individual with an umbrella approaches a religious building"]
["A man and a young boy pull luggage next to each other.", "A young boy walking and pulling his luggage behind him.", "The little boy is pulling the suitcase by the handle.", "a young boy dragging a suitcase while walking down the street", "A kid and an adult with a suit case on a street."]
["A pile of luggage sitting next to a  lamp.", "There are suitcases sitting next to each other with stickers on them.", "Several suitcases sit in front of trees and plants. ", "Two trunks with stickers sitting on a table by a blue lantern.", "Three suitcases and a lantern sitting on a shelf. "]
["A woman riding a pair of skis and reaching towards a dog.", "A woman on skis and a Golden Retriever near playground equipment at a park.", "A woman with skiing gear on snow with a dog", "A woman that is standing near a dog in the snow.", "A woman skiing beside a park regards a dog."]
["Photo of a cat stuck high up in a tree.", "A person can be seen through the leaves of a tree.", "A bird up in some yellow tree branches", "A mammal appears to be hanging in a tree.", "It looks like a human figure hanging in the tree limbs, partially concealed by foliage."]
["Black and white photograph of dog walking and person on skateboard.", "Black and white picture of a person on a skate board being pulled by a dog.", "A man on a skateboard walking the dog outside. ", "A man riding a skateboard while walking a dog on a leash.", "The person is being pulled on a skateboard by a dog."]
["A small  pink statue  holding onto an umbrella", "There is a figurine of a girl holding an umbrella.", "a doll figurine holding an umbrella and wearing a dress", "A figurine of a lady in white with a parasol", "A figurine of a young Victorian lady holding a parasol."]
["A large panda bear hanging off the side of a tree.", "A panda sitting on a tree in a park.", "A small panda sitting in a leafless tree.", "A panda bear sits in a tree with no branches near a cluster of rocks and a building.", "Panda bear sitting in tree with no leaves."]
["Two woman sharing an umbrella as they walk", "Two young girls are under a white umbrella.", "Two women talking and smiling under an umbrella.", "Two young women standing under an umbrella next to a stairway.", "The Asian girls are sharing conversation under a parasol."]
["Person holding an umbrella in the shape of a frog. ", "A group of people on the street with umbrellas.", "many people walking on a street some with umbrellas", "A crowd of people walking down a street next to tall buildings.", "A crowd of people walking with a person carrying a green frog shaped umbrella."]
["The eccentric group of girls carry their luggage up the street.", "a group of women walk down a road ", "Group of women dressed in black clothing walking down a road.", "Some kids dressed in goth clothes walking around", "A group of women in goth outfits carrying suit cases down a street."]
["A row of colorful bikes parked under two umbrellas.", "Two umbrellas shade bicycles with baskets standing in a row.", "A pair of umbrellas with bicycles parked beneath.", "This is a line of bicycles under two umbrellas.", "The bikes are lined up against a stone wall by shade umbrellas."]
["A laptop keyboard with three small bear figurines sitting on top.", "Three gummy bears standing on different letters on a keyboard.", "Swirl gummy bears sitting on top of a laptop", "Three small glass teddy bears sitting on top of a keyboard.", "There are three small toys on a keyboard"]
["Many suitcases lined up in a small room.", "A single file row of dark colored luggage backs.", "A row of luggage with yellow tags on them.", "Set of black suitcases lined up in a row. ", "A row of luggage sitting on a wooden floor."]
["An escalator sitting inside of building with lots of luggage.", "A man in a hotel lobby with lots of suitcases. ", "An escalator leading up to an area filled with luggage.", "A man standing on the top of an escalator surrounded by luggage.", "A man standing in line in a hotel lobby filled with peoples' luggage."]
["A luggage carousel at an airport surrounded by luggage.", "An airport baggage claim station with patrons grabbing their luggage.", "A metallic baggage claim track at an a airport", "People moving around a luggage retrieval conveyor belt.", "Blurry picture of people in an airport near baggage claim."]
["A white dog laying in the grass next to a red Frisbee. ", "A white dog laying on the grass with a red frisbee.", "A dog sits on the grass with its frisbee.", "A dog laying in leaves with his Frisbee.", "A dog sitting by a fence with a flying disc"]
["A dog stands near toys outside in the yard.", "A black and white dog is standing outside.", "dog looking around with an excited look on his face", "A black and white dog stands on a gravel surface near a dog tow.", "The dog is standing with a toy on the ground."]
["A polar bear sticking their foot in water.", "A small white bear going into some water.", "A polar bear dipping its paw in water as it walks into the water..", "a white bear is putting his paw in the water", "a baby polar bear walking down a fake igloo and into the water"]
["A large polar bear on a toy ice pond in a zoo.", "A polar bear walking towards the small pond of  water.", "A polar bear standing beside a pool of water.", "two polar bears in their habitat at the zoo", "Two polar beers are in their cage a the zoo.  "]
["A white polar bear laying on top of a pool of water.", "A bear getting ready to jump into a fountain of water.", "A polar bear with its paws in the water.", "A white polar bear jumping into the water.", "a close up of a polar bear in a body of water "]
["A large black bear standing in a forest.", "an unknown animal in a field of flowers", "A black bear is nestled in a thicket of red flowered brush.", "a animal hiding in a bunch of flowers", "If that's a bear in the bushes, get ready to run."]
["A black animal stands behind a few trees with fall colored leaves.", "A blurry picture of some trees and branches.", "A closeup of leaves of various fall colors on a tree.", "A blurry picture of a black animal in a tree.", "I believe this is a bear up in a tree but it is hard to be certain"]
["Two bears can be seen grazing in the grass at the side of the road.", "Two black bears are in the grass next to the road.", "a couple of bears next to a road", "Two black bears eating grass on the side of the road", "A pair of black bears stand in the grass on the side of the road."]
["A ripped up pair of shoes on a skateboard", "Tattered shoes are worn by a skate boarder on the street.", "Worn down blue shoes and a black skateboard", "The shoes next to the skateboard are worn and dingy.", "A skateboarder showing his shoes with several holes in them."]
["A large white polar bear laying on top of snow.", "a polar bear sleeping on the snow ", "a polar bear lays down on some snow ", "a polar bear is sleeping on the snow", "In this photo you can see a sleeping polar bear."]
["A man tossing a white frisbee on top of a grassy park.", "An adult throwing a frisbee to a little girl.", "A man and a little girl play frisbee in the park.", "The man tosses a Frisbee to a small child.", "An adult is playing a game of frisbee with a small child."]
["A frisbee is in the foreground and a large park in the background ", "The top of a frisbee and a vast grassy area in the background. ", "Diecraft Ultra Star Frisbees are this player's frisbee of choice", "A neon yellow frisbee with a star on top of it.", "Yellow frisbee sitting on the ground on a grassy field. "]
["a polar bear near rock formations in an enclosed area", "a polar bear sitting in a grassy area of its living area", "polar bear sits in enclosure looking up at the sky", "White bear sitting in weeds in the zoo.", "A white bear sitting in fenced greenery among rocks, with its head pointed diagonally upwards. "]
["A large black bear walking across a grass covered field.", "a bear is walking away from a car", "A black bear is on the road near a wooded area.", "Large black bear crossing the street in front of a car. ", "a bear on a road near a field of green grass"]
["a reflection of a man taking a photo", "A man taking a picture of a mirror on a street.", "Man takes a picture of his and his dog's reflection through the mirror", "A man taking a picture of a dog in a mirror.", "THIS IS A MAN TAKING A PHOTO IN A MIRROR"]
["Two bears with their mouths open in the water.", "A couple of bears playing in the water.", "Two brown bears playing with each other in water", "Two bears with their mouths open in the water.", "Two bears, in water, playing or wrestling causing the water to splash."]
["A piece of metal sitting on top of a grass covered field.", "A reflection of a dog in a metal disc on the grass.", "A mirror in the grass has a dog's reflection in it.", "A mirror lying on the ground with a dogs face in the mirror", "Reflection of a french bulldog in a mirror."]
["An adult polar bear is swimming in the water. ", "A PICTURE OF A POLAR BEAR SWIMMING IN THE WATER", "A large white polar bear swimming in a body of water.", "a polar bear swims in the blue water ", "a polar bear in the water swimming. "]
["Some people out in the grass throwing a frisbee", "A frisbee that is flying above the grass.", "Three people are throwing a frisbee in a meadow.", "Some young people having fun in a park tossing a frisbee at the camera. ", "A white frisbee flying over the top of a green field."]
["Two children look at a large black bear in a zoo.", "A pair of twins looking at a bear at a zoo.", "The twin boys are looking at the black bear.", "Two young boys looking at a bear behind a glass enclosure.", "Two young boys walking past a bear exhibit at a zoo."]
["A brown bear stands on a log near some water.", "a big brown bear walking on a branch over the water", "There is a bear standing near the water.", "The bear is on the tree limb near the water.", "A bear walks in the tall grass near the water."]
["Nice open stretches of land that is alive.\n", "A beautiful but dangerous Brown Bear prepares to cross the water.", "There is an adult bear near the pond", "The bear is stepping in to the flowing water. ", "A large brown bear walking across a river."]
["A brown bear walking across a river near a river.", "A bear drinking water in a river in the wild ", "A view of a bear in some water, from across the river.", "A large brown bear wading at the edge of a river.", "A large brown bear standing in the water of a stream."]
["A brown bear walking along the waters edge", "A bear and her cub stand on the edge of lake.", "a brown bear standing next to the water while looking down at it ", "Two bears on the bank of a stream looking for food.", "Two bears investigate a small stream in a wooded area."]
["There is a bear crawling out of a leaf cover", "A bear is peeking through the trees by the water.", "The bear is coming out of the bushes to the water.", "A bear peeking beyond some shrubbery of a bank onto the water.", "A brown bear peeking through the trees next to a watering hole."]
["The hikers make sure they are out of range of the black bear.", "The bear is ignoring those people as he crosses the road.", "a large bear is standing on a road near some people", "A bear walking across a street near a forest.", "People stop for a bear as he crosses the road."]
["Brown bear walking down the walk way of a public park area.", "There is a black bear on the trail in the woods.", "A bear walking through a forest past trees.", "A very big cute black bear walking in the woods.", "A bear walks down a trail in the forest."]
["A large brown bear walking through a forest.", "A brown bear walking over a hill near a tree.", "A brown bear coming over a hill out of the woods.", "A wandering bear in a forest by a tree.", "A bear comes out of the woods towards the road."]
["there are many people standing ion a field playing frisbee", "A man catching a frisbee over a trash can as others watch.", "A man is attempting a trick with a Frisbee while four people watch.", "A man in a yellow shirt holds a yellow Frisbee over a trashcan as people watch.", "A man holding a yellow frisbee over a trash can."]
["a woman holds a frisbee in a public park", "A sad-looking woman holding up a frisbee near outdoor tables.", "a woman holding a frisbee standing net to table and chairs.", "A woman holding a frisbee next to a table.", "A young woman wearing red and blue holding a white and yellow Frisbee."]
["A herd of zebra standing on a field filled with tall dry grass.", "a group of zebras standing around in the dry grass", "Zebras are standing next to each other on a field.", "Three zebras standing close to each other in a field. ", "Three zebras stand camouflaged in the wide open plains."]
["A herd of zebra standing next to each other on a field.", "A young zebra is between two larger zebras.", "a close up of many zebras with one small one", "a little zebra standing between two others while looking into a camera ", "Young striped zebra looks out among it's herd"]
["A lone zebra standing in the green grass.", "A side profile shot of a Zebra standing in some grass.", "a close up view of a small zebra in the grass", "A close-up image of a zebras face and neck.", "Head of a zebra with a grassy field in the background."]
["A close up view of a very cute furry dog.", "A brown dog sitting down wearing a collar with tags.", "A tan colored dog with yellow and blue dog tags.", "A beige dog with very tight curly hair.", "A brown dog with long curly hair wearing a name tag."]
["A dog that is on a couch in a room.", "A close up of a dog face with its nose kind of sticking out .", "A dog is in a living room lying on the couch.", "A dog laying on a couch in a room.", "A dog looks at the camera while sitting on the couch."]
["A man is bending down by the water with a frisbee.", "A boy bending to look at something on the edge of a pond.", "A man stands on the side of a river and dips something in the water.", "A man is bending over near water with a Frisbee.", "A man holding a blue frisbee bending over into a lake."]
["A disc golf hole with a few men playing near it.", "A group of men playing a game of frisbee golf in park.", "Two people playing frisbee golf in a park.", "A picture of a person in a park.", "A man is walking in a park with a frisbee."]
["Two zebras are standing together side by side.", "Two zebras stand next to each other in a black and white photo. ", "Two zebras standing side by side in a field.", "Two zebras walking through a field of grass.", "Two zebras looking downward against a grey background. "]
["A woman tossing a frisbee while wearing a bikini top.", "A woman throwing a frisbee outside at a park. ", "Woman playing with flying disc at outdoor event.", "a woman is throwing a disk outside in the sun", "A GIRL PLAYING WITH A RED FRISBEE OUTSIDE AT THE PARK "]
["a zebra standing on some dirt and bushes and trees", "A zebra standing on top of a dry grass field.", "a zebra standing on dirt ground near trees", "a dusty zebra standing in a dusty field", "The zebra does not look to be fully grown."]
["A group of zebras up against one another", "Three zebra standing next to each other on a grass covered field.", "A group of zebras huddle together on a wildlife trail.", "Three zebras are standing close to a road and a bush.", "three zebras in a field with trees in the background"]
["Animals walk around a grassy area together. ", "A couple of animals standing next to zebras.", "Wart hogs and zebras eating grass near each other", "Two different kinds of animals in a pen at a zoo..", "zebra and boar graze in a field together"]
["A street scene with a line up of policeman on horses.", "Policemen on horses gather on the corner of the street", "some police officers on horseback and one on foot", "There are police officers riding on horse back", "Policemen riding on horses standing in a line on a city street. "]
["Zebras grazing in enclosed area, probably a zoo.  ", "two zebras next to a rock wall with a tree near by", "Two zebras grazing for food on the ground ", "Two zebras are eating in an enclosure together", "A couple of zebra grazing on green grass."]
["Three zebras standing in the middle of a plain in the wild.", "A pack of zebra standing on a dry grass field next to green trees.", "Three zebras trying to graze but not much is green.", "Three young zebras roam a dusty grassy field.", "Three zebras graze in a field, staying alert for predators."]
["A brown and white horse appear to be tired.", "Two horses are posted next to each other.", "A white horse and a brown horse standing together.", "A brown and a white horse standing beside a pole.", "Two horses stand behind the fence and look out."]
["A big city full of people and many animals too.", "A crowded street that looks like the old west ", "a croud of people standing in the road with some of them holding horses", "A large crowd that has some horses mixed in.", "many people and some horses a street and buildings"]
["A woman petting a horse in a enclosure.", "An attractive woman with greenish hair strokes a horse's neck.", "A lady is stroking the side neck of a horse ", "A lady standing beside and petting a horse.", "A green haired lady with a heart shaped sunglasses petting a horse."]
["A lady with green hair and red boots sitting in the grass near a horse.", "a lady with green hair sitting next to a horse", "Woman with green hair and red boots sitting in field near horse.", "A girl with blue hair and boots sits on the grass near a brown horse.", "A girl with green hair and wellington boots sits in a field near a horse."]
["A big brown horse near a fence in the snow.", "A horse standing near a fence in the snow. ", "A horse stands near a fence during winter time. ", "A horse leans over a fence in a snowy pasture. ", "A single horse that is standing by a fence."]
["A group of cops riding on the backs of motorcycles.", "Multiple cops riding on horseback down the street", "several police officers riding on horses through town", "Police on horses walking down a city street", "Some police officers on some very pretty horses by some buildings."]
["A cop riding on the back of a black horse.", "a horse cop sitting on a horse on a public street.", "A person is riding a horse on a street.", "a man in a blue jacket and helmet on a black horse", "A policeman on a horse is standing across the street from a building."]
["A lot of police officers on horses patrolling a city street.", "A line of police mounted on horses are in the street.", "Uniformed officers ride horses single file down the street.", "A group of people that are riding on horses.", "Many people on horse line the streets in a city. "]
["A couple of cops riding on the back of brown horses.", "Two policeman on horses that have done there duty on the street.", "Two horse mounted police officers sit in front of a cyclist.", "Two mounted policemen sit atop their horses on a city street.", "2 policeman on horseback in the middle of the street survey the scene."]
["A woman that is sitting on the back of a horse.", "A woman jumping a horse over two logs.", "A women who is riding a horse that is performing a jump", "A woman and her horse jump over an obstacle. ", "A woman racing a brown horse while a man in a beige hat watches. "]
["A person riding on the back of a white horse through a dirt field.", "A man with a helmet on a horse in a corral.", "An individual with a green helmet riding a white and brown horse.", "A brightly dressed rider is on a pinto.", "A girl in is riding a white horse on a sunny day."]
["A white and black horse standing next to a wooden fence in a field.", "A horse in a blanket stands near a fence.", "A horse is wearing a blanket inside its pen", "A horse wrapped in a blanket walking around a fenced in field.", "A horse wrapped in cloth within an outside enclosure "]
["The white horses are pulling the trailer for the farmers. ", "These horses are pulling a cart with two men on it.", "A painting of a group of horses carrying a wagon with the two men.", "A painted scene of a horse and wagon with buildings and trees in the background.", "A large group of horses pulling two people on a carriage."]
["A couple of knights riding horses on a green ground.", "Two riders dressed as knights are on horseback.", "Men dressed as knights are sitting on the backs of horses.", "Two horses and riders dressed in medieval garb.", "Twoo men on horses dressed up as knights."]
["A woman wearing a green dress walking across a field.", "A woman in a dress watching two people joust.", "A woman walking near a jousting tournament at the Renaissance Faire.", "A woman in a green dress watches a joust.", "A woman wearing a long flowing green dress walking past a joust fight."]
["A group of horses standing next to each other in a barn.", "Two mini ponies in a stall that have been eating.", "One pony is watching another pony eat hay from the ground.", "Two horses standing together while one is eating hay.", "A couple of ponies that are standing in hay."]
["Three people standing near a fence and a horse.", "The woman is leaning on the fence in front of the horse.", "A woman feeding a small horse standing behind a fence.", "A couple of people that are petting an animal.", "A person is petting a pony through a fence."]
["A man on a horse is roping a calf inside a ring.", "A person riding a horse throwing a rope on a cow", "A cowboy is attempting to rope a calf.", "A person with a cowboy hat is riding a horse trying to get a cow.", "A woman on a horse is trying to rope a calf."]
["Two brown horses standing next to a white horse on a snow covered field.", "A group of horses grazing in the snow", "horses eating grass through the snow in a field", "Three horses are grazing in the snow covered pasture.", "Three horses grazing in the snow with trees in the background."]
["A woman riding a horse next to a group of people.", "A black and white photo pf a jockey on a horse", "A young rider sits atop a large horse.", "A young girl sits on a horse wearing jockey clothes.", "A woman sitting on a horse on a dirt field."]
["A man getting ready to bunt the baseball", "A person getting ready to bunt the ball in a baseball game.", "Batter gets into a crouch for a possible ball bunt.", "A batter goes to hit the ball just thrown to him from the pitcher. ", "A baseball player is stepping up to bat."]
["A baseball player pitching a ball on a field.", "a baseball pitcher winding up for a pitch.", "Baseball pitcher in blue jersey winding up to pitch.", "The pitcher winds up and prepares to throw the ball from the mound.", "A baseball pitcher on a mound winds up to throw a baseball."]
["A catcher kneeling on the field throwing the baseball back to the pitcher. ", "A man kneeling down on a baseball field pitching a baseball.", "A catcher throws the ball during a baseball game", "A catcher in the process of throwing a baseball.", "A baseball catcher kneels while throwing a ball."]
["a man holding onto a surfboard while standing next to a tree", "A male surfer carrying a red and black surfboard.", "A man is carrying a red surfboard by some trees.", "The red surf board is being carried by the man.", "a person carrying a surf board on their back"]
["A baseball player standing in a field on a baseball field.", "The baseball catcher walks towards the pitching mound.", "The catcher has taken the field, fully outfitted in his professional baseball uniform and gear ", "The catcher is getting ready to play the game.", "A baseball catcher in full gear walks on the ballpark."]
["a small boy in an orange shirt a baseball glove and ball", "a small boy holding a glove and baseball while standing on a hardwood floor", "a kid in a yellow shirt with a baseball glove", "A boy with a ball and mitt in his hands in the house. ", "a little boy that has a baseball glove in hand"]
["A wicker basket carrying a variety of fruit.", "A basket filled with different types of fruit.", "A variety of fruit placed in a wicker basket", "A wicker basket full of fresh raw fruit", "Fruit basket with mixed fruits sitting in it. "]
["A pitcher in the middle of delivering a pitch.", "A baseball player standing next to home plate with a bat.", "A large crowd watches as a pitcher throws a ball.", "The pitcher on the mound throwing the ball during a baseball game.", "A baseball player is getting ready to pitch the ball. "]
["A man is playing baseball before a crowd.", "A baseball player swings a bat with the catcher and umpire behind him.", "A batter is taking his best swing during the baseball game. ", "A man swinging a bat at a baseball game", "A group of baseball players on a field."]
["A smaller banana, is pealed and in someones hand. ", "A hand that is holding an opened banana.", "there is  a very small peeled banana", "A hand holding a small banana over a parking lot.", "A person is holding a half peeled banana."]
["A computer desk topped with two monitors next to a TV.", "A bedroom with two desks, two computers, and a tv.", "A room with two computers and a television perched on a file cabinet.", "Several computers on top of a desk and a television on top of a file cabinet sitting in a room at the foot of a bed.", "a television and a couple of computers are in a room"]
["a guy that is stretching in some kind of park", "A man in grey sweater throwing a baseball on sandy field.", "The young boy is playing ball in the park.", "there is a man throwing a baseball in the field", "The man wearing a baseball glove is throwing a baseball."]
["A piece of cake sitting on top of a bowl next to a fork.", "The fork is in a bowl of layered cake.", "a piece of chocolate and vanilla cake in a bowl", "A chocolate and cream cake topped with chocolate icing.  ", "A piece of ice cream cake on a plate "]
["A baseball  player holding a baseball bat while wearing a red helmet.", "A man in yellow jersey and red helmet holding a baseball bat.", "A man holds a bat and wears a helmet.", "The baseball batter has on a yellow jersey.", "a person holding a baseball bat and wearing a baseball helmet and uniform."]
["A man is wearing baseball gear and standing on the field.", "A smiling baseball player with catcher's gear on.", "A man in purple jersey holding a catchers mitt.", "A man with catching gear on walking on a baseball field.", "A catcher carrying his face mask and smiling."]
["The catcher and batter are looking for the ball.", "Three people on a baseball field with catchers mask and baseball bat.", "Three baseball players in uniform playing baseball game", "Three men are playing baseball on a field.", "a catcher looking back at the crowd and batter looking up"]
["A glass window in a fruit store with fruit in front of it", "A window on a store next to a pile of fruit.", "A room with a large pile of many oranges.", "Inside a store with a window display \"Organic Fruit & Veg.\"", "Large display of fruits inside a store window. "]
["Pitcher in green and grey uniform in the motion of throwing ball. ", "The pitcher wearing a green cap is throwing a baseball.", "A pitcher throws a baseball in a baseball field.", "pitcher with grey and white shirt throwing a pitch", "A baseball player pitching a baseball on top of a field."]
["a baseball catcher is walking with his glove on", "An umpire getting ready to get subbed out of the game", "A baseball catcher holding a mitt walking on the field", "Baseball player wearing catcher's gear walking on a baseball diamond. ", "Heavily protected baseball catcher striding off the field "]
["A person on a field with a baseball glove.", "A catcher in uniform walking across the baseball field.", "The catcher moves around the baseball field in the game.", "A man running across a baseball field wearing a catchers mitt..", "A baseball catcher in motion on the diamond. "]
["Bunches of garlic and bananas hanging from a stall.", "A bunch of garlic and bananas hanging from a stand.", "garlic hanging up with a sign next to them ", "some garlic hang next to some bananas ", "Garlic bulbs are hanging in an open air market."]
["Snowboard rack at bottom of ski hill near building.", "some skies are on a stand outside in the snow", "A snow covered slope with a bunch of skis and snowboards on a rack.", "A number of surfboards on a rack and people in the background", "snow skis and snow boards in the holding rack"]
["Several people stand near a ski lift as skiers dot the snow in the distance.", "People are standing at the bottom of a hill near a ski lift.", "Skiers stand on a slope with a ski lift in the background.", "Many people ski and snowboard down ski slopes.", "Construction happening at the bottom of a ski ramp."]
["A snowboarder is heading down a snowy slope.", "Skier in black ski suit going down the bunny slope.", "A guy wearing a black snowsuit snowboarding down a hill.", "A snowboarder ends his maneuver at the bottom of the slope.", "A man riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope."]
["A shot from behind home plate of children playing baseball.", "a batter leaning back so they don't get hit by a ball ", "A group of children playing baseball in the rain.", "A group of young boys playing baseball in the rain.", "Group of baseball players playing on a wet field. "]
["A woman wearing skis holding two ski poles.", "Smiling lady in red ski jacket and wearing skies posing for a photo.", "A woman standing in the snow with skiing equipment.", "A female standing in snow on skis in ski gear ", "A person on skis posing for a picture."]
["a man that is skiing across some snow field", "A bearded cross country skier traveling in deep snow.", "An old man skiing down a path slope", "This is a picture of a man enjoying the snow.", "This is a man skiing in the snow"]
["A yellow and brown butterfly sitting on top of an orange.", "A butterfly sitting on an orange o the ground.", "Two butterflies are sitting on an orange half.", "A butterfly that is sitting on a orange.", "Two butterflies stand on the side of half an orange. "]
["A group of orange slices sitting on top of a table.", "three orange slices with the peel still on", "Three slices of orange are lined up on a table", "There are three pieces of an orange laying side by side.", "three oranges sliced up and laying side by side"]
["Two halves of an orange sit on wood.", "Two oranges sitting on wood, one is cut in half.", "A orange before and after it was cut\n", "A whole orange sitting next to a half orange on wooden boards", "Two side by side oranges with one cut in half."]
["A box that says Banana Bread and has a big banana on it.", "a box that has a really big banana on it", "A banana bread box has a picture of a banana on it.", "A big banana book is sitting on a table.", "A box with picture of a yellow banana advertising on it.  "]
["A woman standing on top of a ski slope covered in snow.", "A man in red snowsuit skiing on a mountain.", "A person on skis standing on a snow covered slope with mountains behind them.", "A person is skiing down a snow covered hill.", "A person on skies smiling for the camera."]
["A skier standing at the top of a ski slope.", "A skier on top of a snowy hill during the day.", "A skier looks out over a rugged mountain landscape.\n", "A skier standing at the stop of a mountain slope.", "a snow skier with a red back pack some mountains and sky"]
["A woman standing next to a man on top of a ski slope.", "Two skiers pose for a picture with mountains in the background.", "Two skiers are on top of a snowy mountain and one is holding his ski poles and both are smiling.", "Two people on skies posing for the camera ", "a lady wearing snow skis and a man holding snow skis"]
["A couple of people with ski's standing in the snow.", "Two skiers pose for a photo on the snow ", "Two people on a snowy path with ski gear.", "a couple of people on skis pose in the snow", "Two skiers in full winter gear on a snowy mountain."]
["A floral plate with greens, carrots and potatoes.", "a plate of some carrots greens and gravy on some dumplings", "A plate with fish and a leafy vegetable.", "A colorful plate filled with fish and vegetables.", "A plate with vegetables and meat on a table."]
["A man holding a bunch of ripe bananas.", "A person with a tattoo holding a bundle of banana's.", "a person witha tattoo holds a handful of bananas", "A person holds a bunch of ripe bananas.", "An arm with a wrist tattoo holds a bunch of bananas."]
["A white plate topped with carrots, potatoes and dumplings.", "Plate of homemade with eggs mashed potatoes and carrots", "A plate that has food and a knife on it.", "Plate of cooked carrots and mash potatoes with gravy.", "a piles of mashd taters, turkey and carrots"]
["A skier skiing down a snowy ski slope.", "A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A male skier leaning as he goes down a snowy hill.", "A man in the snow on some skis.", "a man is skiing on the snow in the winter"]
["A bunch of ripe bananas hanging from the top of a tree.", "A bunch of bananas are growing in the sun.", "A group of bananas still on the tree.", "A large bunch of bananas rotting on the tree.", "A bunch of yellow bananas in a natural jungle setting. "]
["A man flying through the air on a snow covered slope.", "A person wearing skis doing a flip in the air.", "a person on skis performs a trick in the air ", "A person skiing on a snowy mountain doing a jump. ", "A skier is performing an advanced trick on a slope"]
["Carrots, lettuce, broccoli and other fresh vegetables displayed on a cardboard box.", "Various vegetables laying outside on a box displayed.", "The cardboard has carrots, cabbage, celery, and oranges on it. ", "A group of carrots, broccoli, celery, oranges and lettuce.", "Multiple fruits and vegetables, including oranges, carrots, celery, broccoli, and lettuce. "]
["some carrots radishes celery strawberries and other vegetables", "A photo of different vegetables including carrots and broccoli.", "A table topped with fresh vegetables sitting next to each other.", "A wooden pallet with an assortment of vegetables on it and a sign that says CSA.", "a bunch of vegetables on a picnic table with a cook book"]
["The portable oven has a small pizza cooking in it.", "a toaster oven that has a pizza in it", "A toaster oven with an item baking inside of it.", "A toaster oven on a counter with food inside.", "a microwave oven with some food inside of it "]
["A half eaten donut on one plate a missing piece of cake on another plate.", "A half eaten bunt cake sits on a white plate. ", "a cake that is less then half on a plate", "THERE IS A HALF EATEN PASTRY ON A SMALL PLATE", "A partially eaten pastry is on a plate."]
["A table topped with a pile of vegetables and a book.", "Vegetables are laid out on the paper with a book", "A farm share is laid out neatly, to show its contents.", "Fresh produce has been harvested to take to market.", "Many different vegetables are arranged next to each other. "]
["Baseball players watching whats going on in the field", "A couple of baseball players standing on a baseball field.", "A baseball catcher stands before home plate as a batter approaches.", "A catcher and batter standing at a home plate of a baseball field.", "a baseball player wearing cathers protection on a field"]
["A man throws a baseball in the field", "A pitcher on the mound winding back to throw the ball.", "A baseball player getting ready to throw a baseball.", "Baseball pitcher getting ready to throw the ball in a baseball game.", "A man in grey baseball uniform throwing a ball."]
["A player in action batting in a baseball game.", "Two baseball players and an umpire standing at home base.", "A batter swinging his bat during a baseball game. ", "A baseball player is swinging at a pitched ball.", "Three men are playing baseball on home base. "]
["A table full of green vegetables that are for sale", "A stand with fresh green vegetables for sale.", "There are some herbs and broccoli prepared for sale", "The lettuce and brocolli have been piped high.", "A display in a store filled with broccoli and green leaf."]
["Two little kids standing next to each other in snow.", "Two young skiers on a snow covered slope.", "Two girls in brightly colored jackets stand on skis in the snow.", "Two kids wearing skis and helmets in the snow.", "two kids taking a photo on ski's on a hill"]
["A black and white photo of a man helping a woman cross the street while riding a skateboard.", "Black and white photo of man helping lady across the street on a skate board.", "A man helps a woman on a skateboard cross the street.", "A girl standing on a skateboard holding onto a guy walking across a street.", "a woman walking down a crosswalk next to woman riding a skateboard"]
["a apple sits on a floor with a knife stuck inside of it ", "A ripe apple with the point of a large knife inserted.", "an apple sticking out ot the side of an apple", "a big butcher knife stuck in an apple", "THIS IS A PHOTO OF A KNIFE TIP IN THE SIDE OF A SMALL APPLE"]
["A man riding skis on top of a snow covered slope.", "A man on skis is standing on a snowy hill.", "A man is standing on the slope in his ski gear.", "A man wearing a red and white snowsuit stands with skis.", "A man is posing with skis in the snow."]
["A man and a woman are in the snow with helmets.", "A man with his arm around a woman in front of several skiers. ", "two people posing for a photo with young people in the background wearing skis", "A man and a woman wearing eye protection and coats stands in the snow near a couple of skiers.", "A couple embracing on a snow covered ski slope."]
["someone that is skiing across some white snow", "a person riding skis on a snowy surface ", "A person riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A person cross-country skiing on a snowy trail.", "A person is in the middle of skiing down some slopes."]
["a person standing on a plowed snowy road", "a snow skier in a red jacket snow and trees", "A person is standing in the tire tracks on the snow.", "A man skiing alone in a snow-capped bush", "A man in black jacket skiing between trees."]
["Wood shading on the side of a window with brick siding. ", "A tree filled with lots of red fruit near a building.", "By the window outside is a apple tree, where the apples are ready to be picked. ", "Some very nice looking red fruity by a window,", "A shuttered window has a fruit tree outside it."]
["Three men standing next to each other on a snow covered slope.", "Three skiers posing at the top of a ski run.", "a group of people wearing skis on a snowy surface", "Three people standing in the snow posing for a picture wearing skis.", "A group of skiers are smiling on the slopes."]
["Group of people standing on a Snowmountain with skis on. ", "Four people with skis on a hill with a ski lift in the background.", "Four skiers posing for a photograph in front of a lift.", "A group of four skiers posing for a picture.", "Four people standing on the snow and wearing skis."]
["A white container filled with lots of food.", "A dish of very tasty looking food with some veggies.", "Assorted food items displayed in white dish on wooden table.", "A plate full of food including:  broccoli, quinoa, black beans and vegetables.\n ", "A bowl full of food, including broccoli and corn."]
["A grocery store filled with lots of fresh produce.", "a row of baskets at a market holding apples", "Fruit baskets and dips on display in a market.", "Apples in the produce department of a grocery store.", "A grocery store has apples lined up in baskets."]
["A meal of broccoli and meat is on a plate. ", "Beef and broccoli with carrots on a plate. ", "A plate of food with broccoli and beef. ", "A plate of broccoli beef covered in sauce.", "A fork resting next to a plate full of food."]
["two big sea crabs some greens and noodles and two drinks", "Two cooked crabs are on plates near side dishes.", "two plates each with a crab, vegetables and bottles of beer", "A couple of plates of crab on a table.", "Two crabs that are siting on plates on a table."]
["A small child tries to ski but is holding onto a balancing pole.", "An adult helping a child along on their skis in the snow. ", "The person on skis is pulling a child in skis along with a rope.", "A boy and a parent outside on a ski slope skiing. ", "A young person riding skis next to an adult."]
["Several people are skiing in the snow by a tree.", "Skiers of varied ages surround a pine tree in the snow.", "People skiing and playing in the snow beside a tree.", "a number of people riding skis on a snowy surface", "A man teaching a child how to downhill ski."]
["A man with a cup of coffee in his hand looking at a laptop.", "A man looking at his laptop drinking a glass of wine.", "The computer user has taken a sip of coffee.", "The man holding a wine glass is staring at a laptop screen.", "A man looking at a computer screen while holding a cup."]
["Man hiking in snow in the woods with a backpack.", "A man is hiking through the woods in the snow.", "A man is loading up with skis and walks through the woods.", "Male backpackers venturing out on a winter snow covered trail.", "A man stands in the snow in a forest."]
["A stir fry bowl of broccoli and a bowl of meatballs.", "Broccoli cooking on a pan and another picture of meatballs on a pan. ", "Different foods are being cooked in a wok.", "Side by side pictures of beef and broccoli being cooked", "Broccoli that is being cooked in a pan. "]
["a man riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A skier on a snow covered hill facing some snow covered hills.", "A cross country skier is stopped and looking at the vast terrain ahead.", "Person dressed in green skiing down a mountain.", "A person is cross country skiing in the mountains."]
["An assortment of ingredients rest both in a bowl and on a surface.", "A container with a carrot, broccoli, eggs, and a red pepper.", "A BUNCH OF VEGETABLES IN A BOWL ", "A silver bucket full of assorted vegetables and eggs", "The vegetables and other groceries are collected in the white pale."]
["A woman holding up three apples in one hand. ", "a black and white photo of a person holding fruit", "A woman standing with three apples in her hand.", "A woman is holding up three apples in her right hand", "Black and white photograph of a woman holding three apples."]
["A woman standing in front of an apple.", "The woman has an apple near her head.", "An apple is in the air next to a smiling woman.", "A woman with an apple floating randomly by her neck.", "A lady with an apple falling towards her shoulder."]
["A knife sitting on top of slice carrots.", "A carrot sliced up with a knife on top.", "A knife slicing a whole unpeeled carrot into carrot rounds.", "A knife is laying on top of a carrot and some slices of it.", "A small kitchen knife on top of a sliced carrot."]
["a person riding a skate board on a rail ", "A person doing a trick on a rail while riding a skateboard.", "a man riding a rail with a skateboard ", "A skateboarder performing a trick on a skateboard.", "A guy grinds a rail on his skateboard.  "]
["A display of produce, root vegetables and a cookbook.", "Book about vegetables surrounded by fresh fruits and vegetables.", "A table covered in fresh produce and a book called \"edible San Diego.\"", "Assortment of vegetables and fruits on display with literature.", "A bunch of vegetables scattered about on a table top."]
["The skateboarder is doing a trick in the air on his skateboard.", "Boy on skateboard near brick pillars and building in the background.", "Young man in the air while skateboarding in a city.", "a person jumping a skate board in the air", "Skateboarder in the process of taking a jump towards a concrete landing. "]
["a person riding a skate board in front of a brick structure", "The young man is riding his skate board.", "A young man on a skateboard follows a sidewalk crack.", "A man riding a skateboard in front of a group of young men.", "a male in a white shirt is riding a blue skateboard"]
["Man skating performing trick on cement with buildings in background", "a male skateboarder in a white shirt doing a trick", "A young man jumping a ramp on a skateboard.", "A skateboarder is doing stunts on a skateboard outdoors.", "A person on a skateboard does an air trick."]
["tree is a male skateboarder that is riding a ramp", "A person on a skateboard jumping on a ramp.", "A man riding a skateboard down the side of a ramp.", "A young boy skateboarding down a ramp at a skate park.", "A boy is skateboarding down a ramp and catches some air."]
["A person on a skateboard up in the air.", "A boy doing a trick on his skateboard.", "A woman is showing off her skateboarding skills in the skate park.", "A young girls attempting a skateboard trick on a bowl", "A person skating on a skateboard while others are also skating in the background."]
["A young man wearing a red shirt riding a black skateboard.", "Skateboard enthusiast in a parking lot tilts his board", "a man on a skateboard performing a trick", "He person that is doing a skateboard trick.", "A skateboarder uses a parking area as a skate park."]
["A person on a skateboard rides on a platform.", "Kid on skateboard performing trick in cement area with onlookers", "A young boy riding his skateboard on top of a metal box.", "A young skate board rider on top of a metal box", "A little boy is doing a skateboard trick."]
["A picture of different types of herbs and vegetables available from the CSA.", "a variety of green vegetables laying on a wood table.", "An assortment of veggies sitting on top of a wooden table.", "Fresh carrots, broccoli, beets, broccoli, celery and lettuce laid out on brown paper.", "A selection of fresh produce and a packet of seeds."]
["A variety of green vegetables including kale, cabbages, broccoli ", "THIS IS A PICTURE OF A BUNCH OF FRESH GREENS ON DISPLAY", "a variety of vegetables resting next to each other on the table", "A group of broccoli, celery, radishes, carrots and other vegetables.", "Several vegetables such as broccoli, onions an lettuce laid out. "]
["A table topped with vegetables and a cook book.", "many different types of leafy vegetables on a table", "Several leafy green vegetables are displayed on a table. ", "Carrots, onions and other vegetables on top of a table.", "A table with various leafy greens and vegetables on it.", "A bunch of green vegetables on a table along with some literature."]
["Carrots, lettuce, broccoli and variety of vegetables on a board. ", "An assortment of vegetables on a wooden crate.", "Carrots, lettuce, radishes and other vegetables on pallet.", "A bunch of vegetables that is on a table.", "a bunch of healthy veggies sit un eaten"]
["assorted veggies sitting on a table with a pamphlet", "a table that has some vegetables on here", "Assortment of fresh garden vegetables displayed outdoors on pallet.", "Several vegetables laid out on paper on top of wood. ", "A pile of fresh green vegetables on top of a table."]
["a slice of carrot cake on a white plate on a table", "A very tasty looking piece of carrot cake.", "A fork rests on a plate next to a carrot cake.", "A slice of cake and a fork sitting on a plate.", "This is a piece of frosted carrot cake with an actual carrot on top."]
["A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "A skateboarder performs a trick in the air.", "Teen aged boy doing a trick on a skateboard.", "A person doing a jump using a skateboard on the street", "A guy with dreadlocks does an ollie on a skateboard in front of a guy sitting by a building.  "]
["A young man riding a skateboard on the side of a wall.", "A man doing a trick on a rail with his skateboard.", "A person performing a stunt on a skateboard on a sidewalk.", "A person on a skateboard doing a trick on a ledge.", "a person riding a skateboard on a ledge"]
["A person wearing blue shoes riding a skateboard.", "Blue sneakers with white shoe laces are touching a skate board.", "A person with blue ripped sneakers riding a skateboard", "A person in worn out shoes holds down a skate board.", "A person in worn out blue sneakers with a skateboard."]
["A table topped with plates and bowls of food.", "Table with assorted foods and a soda in a glass.", "A mean that includes several plates and bowls and a coco cola", "THERE IS A PLATE OF FOOD AND A GLASS OF DIET COKE ", "A meal including cooked carrots and a glass of Coke."]
["A plastic serving tray with food and drink on it.", "A lunch tray with two sandwiches, asparagus, and a drink.", "A blue tray filled with food and a large drink.", "sandwiches and asparagus on a blue tray on a table", "Fried asparagus and exotic food are on a tray."]
["a skateboarder in a black shirt doing a trick", "A man in black shirt grinding on a skateboard.", "a skateboarder doing some kind of trick on a pole.", "Young boy on a skate board sliding down a grind bar.", "Young skateboarder riding the rail at a park. "]
["A skateboarder is doing a trick on cement steps.", "a skate boarder riding the edge of a big stone", "The skateboarder is attempting a difficult move on thecement.", "The boy is doing a trick on his skateboard.", "A young man performing a skate board trick on concrete block."]
["A woman holding a child on a skateboard.", "An older woman standing next to a small boy.", "A woman holds a young girl who stands on a skateboard inside a house.", "A man holding a girl while she rides a skateboard.", "a woman and a little girl with an orange shirt standing on a skateboard"]
["A woman holds a little girl who stands on top of a skateboard. ", "Woman holding young girls standing on small skateboard.", "A mother and child with a skateboard in the house", "A small child standing on a skateboard with an adult steadying her balance.", "a woman helping a little girl stand on skateboard "]
["A cat laying on top of a rug near a toy.", "A cat laying on the ground in a room.", "a cat lays down next to a toy ", "A cat lays on the floor playing with a toy.", "A cat is laying on its back playing with a toy."]
["A man is sitting down with a piece of chocolate cake in front of him with a fork in his hand.  ", "a person at a table with a large piece of cake ", "This man is holding a fork to eat a piece of chocolate cake.", "The man sitting at a table with a large slice of cake. ", "a man sitting at a table with a piece of cake and holding a fork"]
["A table with a pocketknife and other items on it.", "a close up of a knife next to a set of keys and a keyboard", "A knife, dental floss, a mini remote controller, and some thread.", "a knife sitting on a table next to a keychain and keyboard ", "A black knife that has been set next to a keyboard."]
["A group of skiiers smile as they pose together.", "A family standing next to each other wearing ski equipment.", "A group of young skiers standing beneath a ski lift", "People smiling for the camera on the ski slopes.", "Skiers get ready to ride down the mountain."]
["Group of snowboarders on a snowy trail overlooking a mountain. ", "A variety of people skiing on a mountain course. ", "Skiers at the base of a mountain, one is fixing bindings.", "A skier has stopped on a slope to adjust his pants.", "A snowboarder and several skiers at the top of a run."]
["A group of people skiing down a ski slope.", "Group of people gathering to ski and snowboard on side of mountain.", "View of the bottom a ski mountain with many skiers.", "People standing at the bottom of a ski slope while others ski down in the snow.", "Various people on the snow covered hill in skiing wear."]
["A woman chopping vegetables in the kitchen looking at a recipe", "Woman standing in a kitchen holding a knife looking at a computer screen. ", "a woman looking at a laptop while slicing something up in the kitchen", "A woman holds a knife and looks at a computer.", "a person looking at her laptop while cooking"]
["A woman sitting with a boy cutting a cake. ", "A woman is cutting a birthday cake with her baby.", "A lady holding a child's hand cutting a cake while she also holds the child with a pacifier in his mouth.", "A woman holding a child while helping it cut a birthday cake while two children look on.", "A woman helping a child cut a cake while other children watch."]
["A man with skates and poles traveling on a paved road.", "A guy roller skating down a road with poles.", "A man riding a board down a street holding two ski poles.", "A man with helmet skating past some bicycle riders on the road", "A man uses skate skis to exercise on a street."]
["a carrot some celery and a knife on a plastic cutting board", "A knife sits next to a carrot on a cutting board.", "A carrot and celery are on a cutting board.", "A cutting board and knife with a carrot", "The celery and carrots are on a cutting board with a knife."]
["A carrot and a knife are resting on a cutting board.", "A carrot stick, celery stick, and knife lying on a cutting board.", "a close up of a knife and carrot on a cutting board", "A knife and a carrot are on a cutting board.", "a carrot and a piece of celery and a knife on a cutting board"]
["Julienned raw vegetables in a glass dish on a kitchen counter", "A glass plate filled with lots of vegetables.", "Many vegetables are cut up and put in a cooking dish. ", "a dish with some shredded vegetables measuring spoons and other vegetables", "A table filled with many assorted food items."]
["A person doing skate tricks in an outdoor park", "A skateboarder performs a trick at a skate park. ", "A skateboarder performs a jump in a skate park.", "A boy jumping on his skateboard at the park. ", "A skateboarder is doing tricks at a skate park."]
["A boy riding a skateboard next to a low grind rail.", "A young skateboarder is preparing to do a trick on a ramp.", "A person rides a skateboard on a city street.", "A boy stands on a skateboard across the street from a house.", "A boys skateboarding is about to slide on a pole."]
["A little boy is picking up a skateboard outside.", "A little boy trying to fix the skateboard. ", "Small child holding a skateboard while hunched over.", "A boy picking up a skateboard on a ramp.", "a small child playing with a skate board."]
["an image of  boy on a skateboard doing tricks", "A lone skateboarder is riding down a street.", "A boy riding a skateboard on the street.", "A  MAN IS SKATE BOARDING ON THE SIDE WALK", "A boy in a grey shirt riding on a skateboard."]
["A man riding a skateboard next to a red metal railing.", "A boy on a skateboard beside a rail ", "the boy is skateboarding next to a grind rail", "a boy is skateboarding in the park during the daytime", "A boy doing a trick on a skateboard off a rail."]
["a man on a skate board on a rail", "A man on a skateboard doing a trick on a rail.", "a skateboarder in a gray shirt is doing a trick", "Guy does skateboard trick on railing in front of garage", "A young man doing tricks on his skate board."]
["A young boy riding a skateboard in front of a driveway to a garage.", "A guy does a trick on a skateboard.", "A young man is doing a trick on a skateboard railing.", "A young man on his skateboard next to a rail.", "The boy is doing a trick on his skate board."]
["Plate of vegetables and pita sitting on top of a dinner table. ", "A plate with vegetables, chicken and rice with a fork lying on it.", "Vegetables and almonds over rice with a chicken breast", "rice covered in vegetables and nuts next to a calzone on a white plate", "Rice and vegetables covered with almonds and some other food on a plate."]
["A woman and a child with red ski gear and a helmet wearing skis. ", "A man standing next to a child wearing a pair of skis.", "Some skiers posing on a big snowy hill.", "An adult and child standing on skies in the snow ", "A woman wearing skis standing behind a child also wearing skis."]
["Two girls on a ski lift on the mountain", "a couple of people on a ski lift", "Two snowboarders ride a ski lift to the top.", "Two people ride a ski lift over the snow.", "two people on snowboards are riding the ski lift"]
["A skateboarder catches major air during this stunt.", "A person a skateboard does a trick high in the air.", "The skateboarder is jumping in the air above stadium lights.", "A man on a skateboard completing a jump near lights", "A person on a skateboard is up high in the air near lights."]
["A skateboarder salutes the sky as he jumps his board.", "A skateboarder struggles to maintain balance as he sails into the air.", "A skateboarder in the air doing a trick on a skateboard.", "An advanced skateboarder is performing an airborn maneuver. ", "MAN ON A SKATEBOARD SOARING IN THE CLOUDS"]
["A grouo of four snowboards out in front of a red colors building.", "Six snowboards are leaning against a red wall.", "A red building with snowboards leaning on it", "a number of snow boards leaning on a building", "A few snowboards are leaning against a building."]
["a close up of a young person holding a skate board", "A kid ready for skating with a skateboard and helmet.", "a little boy wearing a helmet holding onto a skateboard ", "a little boy in a red shirt holding a skateboard\n", "A child wearing a red helmet holding a skateboard. "]
["A hotdog sandwich, soft drink, and other menu items at the food court of a large supermarket.", "Fast food sits in a plate in a food court.", "A hot dog, beef sandwich, and soda on a table in the Costco food court.", "A hot dog and a sandwich are on a table with a cup. ", "a hot dog on tin foil a sandwich and a drink"]
["A sesame seed bagel with a filling is cut in half on a plate.", "A sandwich with sesame seeds and chicken salad.", "A sesame seed tuna bagel sandwich on a white plate.", "A bagel that is cut up on a plate on a table.", "A sesame seed bagel with chicken stuffed in it. "]
["Human being having fun and enjoying some life. \n", "A woman holds some baked goods at the convention.", "A girl carrying a sub sandwich and a pretzel. ", "Woman standing with food items in hand at public event.", "a woman with a big smile and glasses on"]
["A person a snowboard in the air doing a trick.", "A man on a snowboard spinning in the air", "A person in the air on a snowboard near rocks.", "Snowboarder dressed in full winter gear almost horizontal.", "A person is flying through the air near some mountains on his snowboard."]
["a person on a surf board jumps in the air over snow", "A snowboarder catches air coming off a jump.", "A man jumps in the air on his snowboard.  ", "A person in a ski suit performing a stunt on a snowboard.", "a man with warm clothes skating on the snow"]
["A hotdog on a bun with sour kraut, ketchup and mustard.", "a nathans hot dog with onions, mustard, and onions", "A hot dog with a drink next to it, on a table.", "A small snack on a table thats ready to eat.", "there is a hot dog and drink from nathans on the table"]
["A cut in half sandwich sitting on top of a wooden table.", "a sandwhich cut in half and sitting on top of wrapping paper", "There is a sandwich and some dip on the table.", "A sandwich and sauce in a paper container sitting on a wooden table.", "A sandwich lying on a paper wrapper next to the tinfoil it came in."]
["A cut in half sandwich sitting on top of a basket.", "a sandwich with some bitten out of it and two carrot sticks ", "Two grilled sandwiches on a brown paper wrapping", "Sandwich with vegetables on side displayed on serving platter.", "there is a sandwich that is cut in half in a bowl"]
["Two people eating corn dogs with two small dogs between them.", "A cute furry dog with some people in the grass.", "People eating lunch on the ground with their dog. ", "Two people eating food sitting on the grass.", "Two people with small dogs sit in the grass eating. "]
["Two an a half donuts on white plates.", "Three different types of doughnuts on some plates.", "A lot of food that is on top of a table.", "Varous pastries sitting on plates, one of them partially eaten.", "white plates that are covered with assorted donuts "]
["A cream puff sitting on top of a small white plate.", "A roll with cream cheese is on a plate.", "There is a plate with one cream puff on the table.", "two forks and a large bagel filled with yummy cream cheese on a plate", "Creme filled pastry and fork on a plate."]
["A man sitting at a table eating a hot dog near an american flag.", "A man is holding a large hot dog at a table.", "A man at a table with a drink and hot dog. ", "A man holding a hotdog at a picnic table.", "The man is eating a hot dog at the table."]
["a person presents some big doughnuts in a box", "A person is standing in front of a box of large doughnuts.", "Box with two large doughnuts and someones hands beside them. ", "Two hands displaying two very large glazed doughnuts", "a box with some big doughnuts inside of it "]
["Snowboarder sitting for a majestic scenic photo ", "A woman sitting on top of a snow covered slope.", "a woman sitting in the snow wearing ski gear", "A woman on a snowboard looks back towards the camera.", "the person is on snow skis on the mountain "]
["The snowboarder is laying on the snow with his board in the snow.", "A snowboarder is laying in the white snow.", "A snowboarder lies on his back on some hard packed snow.", "an image of a man lying in the snow going thru a snow bank", "THERE IS A BOY WHO IS ON A SNOW BOARD "]
["A male skier has fallen in the snow.", "A man siting in the snow with a snowboard.", "A guy sits in the snow with his board. ", "A man sitting in the show with a snowboard on his feet.", "A man siting down on the snow with his feet on a snowboard."]
["Two people sitting at a table eating plates of food.", "Two people eating dinner at a restaurant table", "A person eating a slice of pizza at a table.", "A person sitting at a table holding a piece of pizza", "A young person eating pizza and the other eating a burger and fries."]
["Three donuts sitting on a napkin on a counter.", "Three donuts on a napkin next to an open bag.", "Two glazed and one chocolate doughnut placed on a napkin.", "Three donuts are displayed on a paper napkin.", "a pile of assorted donuts sitting on the counter "]
["A man cutting greens over a pizza in a  box.", "The chef is cutting a green herb over the pizza.", "A chef cuts up vegetables over a pizza.", "A man cuts greens with a pair of scissors.", "A man cutting over a pizza that is in a box."]
["a couple of doughnuts are wrapped in paper", "A few tasty looking donuts, wrapped in their paper. ", "a close up of doughnuts wrapped in wax paper ", "Some plain glazed doughnuts sit on parchment paper.", "Multiple donuts sitting on wax paper on a table."]
["People riding snowboards down a snow covered road.", "Skiers and snowboarders using a rope tow on a ski hill.", "A line of snowboarders ride the T-Bars to the top of the slope.", "skiers being pulled up mountain in a line", "A person is snowboarding down a snowy slope."]
["a snow border snowboards on a snowy path", "A boy on a snowboard on a flat surface", "A person is using a snowboard on a mountain.", "A snowboarder on a marked course with fence behind him.", "A person standing on a snowboard in winter."]
["Two people skiing down a snow covered slope.", "three people going down the hill on skiis and snowboards ", "Three skiers make their way down the mountainside.  ", "People are riding down the hill in the snow on skis.", "A few people skiing down a ski slope."]
["A young boy kneeling down on a snowboard on a snow covered field.", "a young boy sitting in the snow next to his snowboard", "a small child riding a snow board on a snowy sloe", "A child wearing a snowboard on his knees in the snow.", "A young child kneeling in the snow while snowboarding."]
["A person holding a pool Q on top of a pool table.", "A close-up photo of a pool table with a man playing.", "a man getting ready to shoot a game of pool", "Someone is lining up the cue ball on the pool table.", "a close up of a player on a pool table "]
["A plastic container filled with onions and meat.", "A plate with food and onions sitting in it", "A sandwich with onion garnish in a white paper container.", "A sliced salmon sandwitch with onions on round bread.", "There is interesting looking food in this box."]
["A man riding on top of a board on a wave.", "A man on a small boat with an oar in the water ", "a man holding a paddle and sitting in a canoe in a body of water", "An middle-aged man riding a paddle boat into the shore.", "A man who is riding a wave on a paddle board."]
["Two girls sitting at a table smiling and eating and drinking. ", "A woman is eating a doughnut and drinking beer.", "there are two woman drinking beers and eating food", "A woman leaning into another woman as she holds a sandwich towards her.", "Two ladies are enjoying beer and treats at the table. "]
["Six donuts of varies flavors in a box", "a half dozen doughnuts sit on a table top ", "An assortment of doughnuts are arranged in a box.", "A box that has different kinds of donuts. ", "different sized and shaped donuts sitting in a box"]
["A person holds a surfboard on his shoulders.", "A man is carrying a surfboard through the trees.", "A picture of someone walking with a surfboard.", "A man is carrying his surfboard on his shoulders.", "A black and white picture of a man carrying a surfboard"]
["A man in a wet suit surfs in a flash flood by a bridge.", "A man riding a surfboard on top of a flowing river.", "A guy rides a surfboard in a created wave pool. ", "A person in a full body wetsuit, surfing in a small creek that has strong currents.", "A person is surfing through the waves near a bridge."]
["a man that is walking through some water", "A man plays in the rapid waters next to a tree.", "A man is standing in the middle of water rapids.", "A man in black wetsuit surfing on a river.", "A person is riding waves on a canal."]
["A tray topped with breakfast muffin sandwiches on a table .", "English muffins with cheese, meat, and fried egg. ", "a plate of scrambled eggs sits next to a tray of egg, cheese, and sausage biscuits, in front of some bananas.", "Six sausage muffins sit on a tray next to some eggs on a plate.", "Five sausage, egg, and cheese egg muffins. "]
["A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A male surfer rides on a good wave", "two surfers are surfing  the waves in the ocean.", "Male surfer intensely riding a wave about to wipe out.", "A muscular man surfing a large wave. "]
["A man laying on a boogie board is riding a wave.", "A young man is in the water with a surfboard.", "A young male laying on top of surf board.", "Boy on a surfboard riding a big wave.", "A young man riding on top of a wave on a surfboard."]
["A boy swims through the water using a board.", "A smiling boy body surfing on a plank in the ocean.", "A young boy is swimming through the water.", "A little boy riding on a board in the waves.", "A little boy taking a swim at the beach"]
["A young child that is using a wake board in the water.", "An adolescent boy lies on a surfboard and smiles as he rides a wave into shore. ", "The child smiles as he is body-boarding through a wave.", "A young boy riding a surfboard on top of a wave.", "a boy is riding a board in the water"]
["A man carrying a surf board that looks like it was splattered with paint.", "A man with a multicolored surfboard, a woman and another man.", "A man is carrying a white, black, and pink surf board.", "The surfboard is painted in grey and pink splatters.", "A man is carrying a pink and black surf board while two men are smiling at him in the background."]
["A young male surfer on a white board fighting the waves.", "A man rides a wave on a surfboard.", "A person is diving into a small wave and into the ocean.", "Action shot of a determined surfer at the top of a wave", "A close-up shot of a man on a surfboard riding a wave."]
["A person riding a surfboard doing a flip over a wave.", "A guy wearing a wetsuit in the middle of surfing. ", "A man surfboarding in the ocean on a wave.", "A surfer at the top of a wave in the air doing a trick. ", "Man flips while surfing on a surfboard in the water."]
["A man falling off a surfboard on top of a foamy wave.", "A surfer falling from his surfboard while surfing.", "A man on a skimboard flipping in the air above ocean.", "a person riding a surf board in the air", "A man jumping high in the sky with a surf board"]
["A person riding a surfboard in the waves.", "A surfer in a black suit rides a giant wave.", "A surfer in a wet suit on a wave on a clear day.", "Surfer launching off from water ramp as wave breaks.", "A woman that is on a surfboard in the water."]
["Surf boards lay on the sand in front of booths.", "Rows of surfboards line the beach as people walk by.", "A bunch of surf boards laid out on the ground near a surfing promotional stand.", "Surfboards are lined up on a beach and people are meeting under canopies.", "Many surfboards laying out in the open near people."]
["a white plate and a piece of white cake ", "A piece of white cake on a plate has a fork.", "A piece of white cake with a topping sits on a white plate on a table.", "A piece of cake on a plate next to a keyboard.", "This is a closeup of a brown cake with white frosting."]
["A man in trunks carrying his yellow surfboard.", "A man holding his long surfboard is standing up with it. ", "A man walking on a hard area, carrying a surfboard.", "The man is getting ready to surf in the water. ", "a man holding a surf board makes his way down a hill"]
["A man in wetsuit carrying a white surfboard on beach.", "A person with half his wet suit off, carrying a surfboard out of the water.", "Shirtless male surfer carrying board after rolling down wetsuit.", "A person walking with a surf board under his arm.", "A man in a wetsuit si on the beach with a surfboard."]
["A table topped with glasses and eating utensils.", "Table settings for a fancy dinner in a restaurant. ", "Tables with white tablecloths and brown place mats in well decorated dining area.", "Tables and chairs set with glasses and napkins.", "A NICELY DECORATED DINING AREA IN A RESTAURANT "]
["The people are ready to go out on the water for their surfing lessons", "A guy watches a girl getting on her surfboard.", "A girl and a boy are standing at the waters edge with surf boards at their feet.", "A beautiful woman stands on a surfboard with friends.", "Surfers are practicing in the shore of a beach."]
["A man stears a bored through the water.", "A paddle boarder is navigating his paddle board through the surf.", "A man without a shirt surfing in the ocean.", "A surfer uses a paddle while surfing through water.", "A young man with a paddle on an orange surfboard"]
["A man is holding a surfboard at the beach", "Surfboard at the ready, he's taking his time picking a nice set of waves.", "A man holding a surf board while standing on a beach", "The young man is on the beach holding his surfboard.", "The man stands on the beach holding his white surfboard in hand."]
["A crowd of people standing around the american flag", "A group of surfboards are lined up on the beach.", "some people on a beach by some surf boards", "A group of people gather at the beach for surf school.", "A bunch of people in swimsuits next to rows of surfboards laying in the sand."]
["The man is in the water with a boat.", "A man in black shorts hangs on to a orange board in the ocean.", "A muscular man is on a raft in the ocean.", "A man using his surfboard in the ocean.", "A man riding on top of a surfboard in the ocean."]
["Adult woman with yellow surfboard standing in water.", "A woman in the ocean holding a surf board.", "A woman that is standing in the water next to a surfboard.", "A woman with a surfboard in the water.", "woman in a bikini surfing on a yellow surfboard"]
["Young soccer players on field with adult onlookers.", "A group of children that are on a soccer field.", "Two girls on a soccer team ready for kick off.", "A group of children play soccer on a field.", "Two girls in a soccer game as adults look on."]
["Man on a beach holding a red and yellow surfboard.", "Shirtless man on the beach holding up a red surfboard. ", "A man smiles as he walks on the beach with his surf board.", "a man walking on the beach with a red surfboard ", "a man holding a red surf board walking on a beach "]
["A man carrying a surfboard across the beach ", "A man carrying a surfboard walking towards the ocean.", " a surfer with his board heading towards the water. ", "A lone person heading towards the ocean with a surfboard.", "A man carrying a surfboard is walking towards the shore."]
["A display case filled with bakes goods in front of a store.", "The counter of an ethnic Asian cuisine bar.", "The front of a chinese store with some items on display.", "A Chinese restaurant with a bunch of different plants near it. ", "A photo of an Asian market with a display case."]
["Person in a wetsuit holding a white surfboard and several fishing rods.", "A man standing on a beach while holding a surfboard.", "There is a wake boarder preparing to start riding", "A parasurfer dressed in black holding a white colored board.", "Person in wetsuit with surfboard and wind surfing gear."]
["A pretty young lady kneeling down on top of a surfboard.", "A woman kneeling against a surfboard on the beach", "a person bending down holding a surf board", "Woman in a blue shirt and black shorts kneeling beside a surfboard.", "A woman squatted next to a surfboard in the sand."]
["A woman holding a sandwich up to her mouth.", "A woman eating a sandwich in a room with lots of light.", "an old woman eating a  sandwich staring very smiley", "A white haired woman takes a bite out of a sandwich.", "a person taking a bite out of a sandwich"]
["A clerk stands amid an ornate cupcake display.", "a woman is selling fancy cupcake at a festival", "The young woman is selling many types of cupcakes.", "A young woman wearing a striped apron stands between trays of decorated cupcakes.", "A woman sells cupcakes with fancy decorations on them."]
["A baby boy putting his hands in a strawberry covered cake.", "A child with a white hat grasping a cake with his hands.", "a baby wearing a white hat is touching the top of a cake", "Small baby reaching towards a cake with strawberries on it. ", "a small child is about to grab a piece of cake"]
["A woman is showing off a cake she baked while a man looks on. ", "A lady wearing a purple shirt holding a cake.", "A man smiles in the background as a woman holds a cake. ", "A woman standing outside holding a coconut cake with a man looking on.", "A woman smiles while holding up a cake."]
["A surfer is squatting down to prepare his board.", "A person is leaning over a surfboard getting ready to surf.", "A person bending over their surfboard on the beach.", "A man fixing a wind surfboard on a rocky beach.", "The man is getting his board ready to surf."]
["a person para sailing on the ocean waves", "there is a wakeboarder that is riding in the ocean", "A windsurfer glides over the blue waves under a clear sky.", "A man is in a wetsuit windsurfing in the waters. ", "a man windsurfing on an ocean with medium sized waves"]
["A man riding a wind sail in the ocean filled with waves.", "an image of a man that is riding a sailboat in the ocean", "A person wind surfing at the ocean on a beautiful day.", "A man who is wind surfing in the ocean.", "Man windsurfing in waving conditions in the sea."]
["I think that the sport that the guy is doing is called windsurfing.", "A man is standing in the water and holding his sail surfing board.", "A person riding a wind sail on top of the ocean.", "A person is in the ocean setting up a windsurfing board.", "The boy is windsurfing in the blue ocean."]
["A beautiful bride standing next to a her husband as they cut their cake.", "The bride and groom are cutting into a white wedding cake.", "A bride and groom cutting their wedding cake.", "A bride and groom are slicing a wedding cake", "The bride and the groom are cutting the wedding cake."]
["a lady that is sitting by a table with a plate of food", "Woman sitting at a table holding up her cell phone with a dinner plate in front of her. ", "a woman has her picture taken while in the restaurant", "Woman sitting at table with food items and electronic gadgets.", "A young woman sitting at a table with food, a cell phone and papers."]
["A man sitting in a chair eating food with a kitten on his lap.", "A man is sitting in a chair with a kitten on his lap begging for food.", "A man sitting in a chair holding a bottle with a tiny kitten on his lap.", "Man sitting on a chair eating while cat sitting in his lap begs for food.", "a little cat standing on the lap of a man sitting in a chair "]
["A person riding on top of a wave on a surfboard.", "Surfer riding on wave in middle of ocean preparing to jump", "The woman is skillfully surfing through a wave.", "a person riding a surf board on a body of water ", "The young man is about to fall off of his surfboard."]
["a person riding a surf board on a wave", "A male surfer is riding a yellow surfboard in the water", "A man in  a yellow shirt on a yellow surfboard", "A boy on a yellow surf board on the water", "A man riding on top of a yellow surfboard."]
["A man on a surf board rides a wave.", "A man on a surfboard riding a wave in the ocean.", "A young man in a colorful swim suit and yellow shirt is riding a wave on a surf board.", "A man riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.", "A person in shorts and a tee surfing in the ocean"]
["A surfer is riding a wave in the ocean.", "A man on a surfboard is riding a wave.", "A MAN ON A SURFING BOARD IN THE BIG OCEAN", "man balancing on a surf board taking the waves", "A man on a green and white surf board surfing a wave."]
["surfers in water near pier waiting on the next swell", "Two men riding surfboards in the ocean net to a peer.", "A couple of young men surf and swim by the pier.", "Two males surfing by a pier in the ocean.", "Two men in the ocean riding the waves with surfboards. "]
["A piece of cake sitting on top of a plate covered in marshmallow with a lit candle sticking out of it.", "A desert with a topping on it has a candle.", "A small piece of cake with a single candle on it.", "A white plate holding a dessert with a candle in it.", "A smores cake with a lit candle on a table."]
["A man is waiting for the wave he wants to ride to the shore", "A young man holding a yellow surfboard in white water.", "a person in a body of water with a surf board", "A man holding onto a surfboard and swimming.", "a man in the water with his arm on his surfboard "]
["A man surfing with the waves in the sea.", "A man out in the ocean on his surf board. ", "A man who is surfing in the ocean.", "A man is surfing through a rough wave.", "A topless man riding  a surfboard on a wave"]
["A young man riding a white surfboard on top of a wave.", "A boy on the surf board in the sea.", "A person riding the waves on a surfboard.", "The man has the nose of his surfboard in the air.", "Shirtless man upending his surfboard near the end of a run."]
["A surfer is moving through a small wave.", "a person riding a surf board on a wave", "A man surfs the waves in the ocean.", "an image of a guy in the water on surfboard", "A man on a surfboard riding a wave."]
["A woman in a pink bikini sitting next to a man with a surfboard.", "a man and woman are sitting with a surfboard", "Man and woman polishing surf board near tree.", "A man and a women sitting with a surfboard in front of them.", "A man and a girl in a bikini are putting wax on a surfboard."]
["a blue bedspread and a blue curtain on the window", "A bed sitting under a window with curtains over it.", "A bed spread is shown next to window sill with blue curtains.", "There is a comforter on the bed, which is next to the window.", "a big blanket next to a window with light coming thourgh"]
["A loft bed with a dresser underneath it.", "A bed and desk in a small room.", "Wooden bed on top of a white dresser.", "A bed sits on top of a dresser and a desk.", "Bunk bed with a narrow shelf sitting underneath it. "]
["this lady is walking along the shore on a beach", "A man walking barefoot on the ground with stuff in his hands.", "A man prepares to surf with his para-sale", "A woman in blue and black wetsuit with windsurfing gear.", "A woman carrying a kite board across pavement."]
["a man with a surfboard hooked up to some parachute. ", "This man is running in the water while holding a surfboard and pulley.", "A man getting ready to water board or para sail.", "A man with a ski board running with a para sail rope in his hand.", "A man being lifted into the air by a para sail holding a wave board."]
["a guy laying on his surf board waiting for the wave", "A surfer riding a surfboard through cresting ocean waves.", "a person on a surf board in the ocean", "Surfer riding on top of wave of water in ocean", "A man riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean."]
["A man riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.", "A man riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.", "A surfer on his surfboard in the ocean waves.", "A young man is standing in the surf on a surfboard.", "shirtless man in red swim trunks rides surfboard"]
["a toddler sitting on the bed holding onto a book", "A boy sitting in a bed holding a book.", "A baby sitting on a bed holding a book and smiling at the camera.", "A little baby is on a bed with flowered pillows.", "A baby boy is naked and looking at the camera. "]
["a man walking along the beach while holding a surf board", "A man in a wet suit holding a surfboard while heading for the ocean waves.", "Man in wetsuit holding surfboard heading toward water", "A man on a beach holding a surf board.", "a man holding a colorful surfboard going towards the ocean "]
["A man holding a surfboard while watching the waves. ", "a man holding a surfboard while looking at the waves \n", "A surfer holding a surfboard standing on the beach watching the waves roll in.", "A surfer is holding his board and looking at the water", "A young man with his board in hand, is observing the waves. "]
["Two chairs at the foot of the bed have books and a purse on them.", "A bed has white blankets and blue lamps and tables.", "A bedroom with canopy bed, striped rug, and whimsical wallpaper.", "A bed with a white blanket and pillows on top.", "a bed with two tables a purse and books stacked in front of "]
["A bunch of paper is covering the walls of a bedroom", "A bed sitting next to a lamp on a nightstand.", "A small bedroom with a bed and a small table.", "A bed with a night stand and a quilt type background behind it.", "a bed room with a bed a night stand "]
["A person sitting at a table with some drinks.", "A child sits at a table with plates and glasses.", "A little girl sitting at a table filled with glasses. ", "The young diner is waiting for her fellow eaters.", "The girl is sitting at a dining table."]
["A room with a bed and an adorable chihuahua sleeping on top of it", "A dog is laying on a bed with a white bedspread.", "a view of a dog laying in a bed", "A dog lying on a bed in a small bedroom.", "Dog laying on a bed in a room with a hardwood floor."]
["A room filled with furniture and a window covered in curtains.", "A child's room holds a tented nook, a pink bed and princess decorations and white curtains.", "A little girl's bedroom, decorated in white and pink with several toys. ", "A bedroom decorated with pink colors and dolls.", "A child's bedroom with pink and white decor."]
["A modern crisp motel room displays overhead eclectic art.", "A bright hotel room has a throw that matches the artwork.", "BRIGHTLY LIT BEDROOM WITH TWO SIDE TABLE WITH LAMPS", "Bed, balcony door, and end tables in a hotel room.", "A picture of a bed in a room."]
["a couple of big beds that are in a room", "there are two small white beds in this room", "Two double beds with white comforters and pillows in a hotel.", "A hotel with two double beds in front of a large window.", "The room has two small beds, two lamps, a large window and a painting."]
["A white bed with a turquoise blanket, with a two piece painting hanging above it. ", "A large bed and a desk in a room.", "An empty bedroom with white sheets and a blue headboard.", "A bed that is made and sitting in a room with decor. ", "A well made bedroom with connecting sliding doors."]
["A yellow bedroom with with a bedspread that is half and half.", "There is a colossal room with furniture and things inside. \n", "A bedroom painted in yellow and tan gives a cheerful impression.", "A bedroom with a bed, two nightstands, a chair and pictures on the wall.", "A yellow wall in a bedroom with a multi colored bed spread "]
["Bed with two pillows tucked between two walls.", "A bed in a pink bedroom with an orange blanket on top of it.", "The child's colorful bed is tucked into this nook.", "Bright orange and blue comforter on bed in room with peach walls.", "Brightly colored blue and orange covers placed on a bed."]
["A bed with a metal frame with a jacket on it.", "The clothing garment is laying on the bed.", "A piped canopy bed with a wood headboard is dressed in neutral bedding.", "A large bed framed in pipe with evening clothes arranged on it.", "A bed with a bed frame made of pipe"]
["A bed with a colorful blanket has an iron bed frame.", "A bed with white sheets and a colorful blanket", "A large bed in a very small room.", "A living area with a bed and bedspread next to nightstand and lamp.", "a bed with a wire bed frame and a colorful bed spread."]
["A boy walking into the ocean with his surf board in tow.", "Young man in swim trunks carrying a green surfboard.", "A man with a surfboard walking on the beach.", "A person is walking on a beach holding a surfboard.", "A young man with a lime green surf on a beach."]
["a five layer cake made from different shapes", "A fiver layer cake on top of a table.", "A five tiered wedding cake on a table.", "A large wedding cake is sitting on top of a table.", "A five layer cake sitting on top of a  wooden table."]
["A group of surf boarders surfing in the water.", "A guy in a blue shirt is surfing.", "four surfers with only one riding the wave", "A group of four people surfing on waves.", "A man riding a surfboard in the ocean on a wave."]
["A small bedroom with sofa at the end of the bed.", "A bed sitting inside of a bedroom next to a window.", "A bedroom with a loveseat and lots of pillows.", "A bedroom decorated with floral wallpaper, a green couch, and coordinating pillows on both the coach and bed. ", "A bed and couch with pillows on them and other items in a room"]
["A cabana-styled bedroom looks light and airy. ", "A bed in a hotel with a net hanging over it.", "this large bed has a canopy over it ", "A bedroom with a bed on a very sunny day.", "A tropical hotel room holds a bed with a white mosquito netting canopy."]
["A bedroom area with a draped bed and a desk.", "A double bed with a canopy next to a window.", "A bed with a canopy made of netting, tied back with ribbons.", "A fancy bed with curtains in an orange room.", "A bed is shown with a canopy over it."]
["An empty hospital room with a bed and religious peripherals", "This hospital room is clean and ready for a patient.", "A hospital room with a bed and a cross on the wall.", "An empty hospital bed with a tray and the curtain drawn back.", "a bed in some kind of room with a clock"]
["a couple of beds  that are in one room", "A bedroom with twin beds and matching linen.", "Room with two twin beds made up same way against wall with bedside table to right of each, a table lamp, and a sliding glass door with curtains to one side.", "Two beds with embroidery in a well lit room.", "Two beds are neatly made inside of a bedroom"]
["The two beds have a night stand between them with a phone on it. ", "There are two beds in a room side by side.", "Pair of twin beds in nice resort looking room.", "Two beds that have blankets and pillows on them.", "Two beds sitting next to each other in a room."]
["a man and woman stands in front of a cake ", "A man and woman in dress clothes standing by a table of cakes and champagne.", "A bride and groom are standing next to their cake.", "A man and woman wearing formal clothes standing behind a cake.", "a man and woman standing side by side in front of a table"]
["a bed with a white veil sitting over it ", "A bed that is outside with a net hanging over top of it .", "A ten sitting over the top of a bed with a yellow blanket.", "Bedroom with paintings on the wall and a big bed with a bug net hanging over it", "A picture of a very nice bed in a room."]
["A large bed topped with blankets and pillows.", "A neatly made bed with matching room decor.", "A large bed sits in the corner of a bedroom near a framed picture and pair of lamps.", "The bed in the hotel room is neatly made.", "A hotel room bed is freshly made up. "]
["The bedroom has two pink chairs near the bed.", "Stylish bedroom in red, white, and black, with bed made up for two.", "A bedroom decorated with bright pink upholstered chairs", "A modern room has a large bed and two pink chairs.", "The bedroom is decorated in pink and white."]
["Decorated bedroom ready for clean sheets and new guests", "A hotel room with twin beds pushed together.", "The room is very light, airy, and clean.", "a white bed a black chair two lamps and a window", "A large white bed with two white head boards."]
["this is a room with a white bed in it", "A European style bedroom with white linens and blue accents.", "a motel room bed with a night stand towel rack and bathroom sink", "a big bed with a lot of pillows on it", "a big bed sits in a room next to a bathroom"]
["A man sitting on the beach behind his surfboard.", "A man sits on the beach behind his wake board.", "A surfer sitting on the beach watching the waves.", "A person sitting on the sand with a surf board behind them.", "The man sits by the water while his surfboard sits on the sand."]
["A surfer is on a board riding a wave.", "A person riding waves with a surfboard in the ocean.", "A woman standing on a surfboard riding a wave.", "A surfer in silhouette perches dramatically on his board at the crest of a wave.", "A person rides a surfboard in the ocean waves."]
["A neat yellow bed in a room with white and blue walls.", "A platform bed with a yellow comforter is in a room.", "The sun shining through the window into a blue room onto a small bed.", "Bed with yellow blanket against a wall with hard wood floor.", "a neatly made bed on a wooden floor next to a bed"]
["A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A man in a wet suit riding a surfboard on a wave.", "A surfer on surfboard riding a really big wave.", "A man in a wetsuit surfing in the ocean. ", "Man surfing large breaking wave in open ocean waters."]
["Several full pizzas are in the window, ready to be purchased. ", "The  varieties of pizzas  are displayed in the shop window on a city street crowded with pedestrians.", "a bunch of different pizza in a window of a pizza place", "A display of a variety of pizzas in a restaurant window. ", "A pizza that only has toppings on half of it."]
["A happy woman about to eat a slice of pizza.", "a woman smiles as she holds a plate of food ", "an Asian woman smiles as she received pizza", "Woman smiling receiving a plate with a slice of pizza.", "The older woman smiles as she holds a plate with a slice of pizza. "]
["A surfer riding the bottom of a five foot ocean wave.", "A man rides his surfboard in front of a wave.", "A man on a surfboard riding a wave.", "A lone surfer riding a wave into shore.", "A man on a surfboard riding a wave."]
["A black and white picture showing small children in a dormitory setting.", "The young children are gathered in a room together. ", "Black and white photograph of a group of kids sitting by beds with woman watching them.", "Vintage photo of seven children in an orphanage.", "small children in a ward playing a game"]
["A view of a large bed in a luxurious bedroom.", "A large clean bedroom sits empty with the television on. ", "A large bedroom with big bed and flat screen television", "this room has a very large bed and two different wallpapers", "A bedroom with carpeted floors and black floral wallpaper. "]
["a man with a racket get ready to swing it ", "A man is bare back playing tennis on the court", "A tennis player about to swing his racket.", "A man with no shirt is serving the ball in a tennis game.", "A man standing on a tennis court holding a tennis racquet."]
["A man is posing with two young boys holding rackets. ", "A man and a couple kids with tennis rackets.", "an adult near two children holding rackets ", "A man smiles while posing with two children holding tennis rackets.", "A man with two children on a tennis court."]
["a table with plates and forks and knives close by", "A display of a very long food is seen layer across a counter", "A large meal on a dining room table.", "A large french bread pizza spanning the length of a table.", "The entree on the long plate is in the middle of the wooden table."]
["A man hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racquet.", "A man taking a swing at a tennis ball", "People play tennis in the street while crowds watch.", "people playing tennis in the middle of the road ", "A person that is playing with a tennis ball."]
["A laptop computer is on a cluttered desk.", "A laptop and mouse sitting on a desk.", "A cluttered desk, containing a laptop, blue water bottle, and many other items", "A desk with a  laptop, water bottle and various other items.", "A white desk with a black laptop, blue water bottle and office supplies. "]
["Pizza with mushrooms, pepperoni, and tomatoes in box", "a pizza with mushrooms on it in a box", "A pizza with pepperonis, mushrooms, tomatoes and other various toppings.", "a pizza in a pizza box on a table ", "A pizza is displayed inside a pizza box."]
["a couple of green chairs in a room", "A well lit room with green leather chairs.", "A room that has two green cushioned chairs with wooden legs and arms and a television and stereo to the side.", "A couple of green chairs sitting on a wooden floor.", "a living room with two chairs and a tv"]
["A built in desk with two mid-century modern chairs.", "Egg shaped chairs at a wooden desk with a wooden waste basket", "Two blue tear drop chairs sit at a long shelf.", "Two green chairs that are in front of a desk.", "The modern looking chairs and pictures are in the room."]
["A group of people sitting at a table with pizza.", "a very big pizza on a white plate on a table with many people", "A rectangular table with people around it and a large cheese pizza in the middle along with water bottles at each place setting.", "Pizza sitting on table with people seated around with pizza slices on plates", "a very large pizza that is sitting on the table"]
["Two men are playing tennis on a tennis court.", "A man hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racquet.", "Two men on a tennis court playing a game of tennis.", "Two men are playing a tennis game on a court", "The man in red and white outfit swings hits the tennis ball with the racquet."]
["Some stacked with much heavenly sustenance primed to consume.\n", "Two pizzas with tomato sauce, salad, and strips of bacon.", "A pair of pizzas sit on trays with ingredients on top", "Two large specialty pizzas on a wooden table.", "Pizza accompanied by a fresh salad is a good meal."]
["a man with a racket prepares to hit a tennis ball ", "a tennis player swinging a racket at a ball", "A man is about to hit a ball during a tennis match. ", "A young man returning a volley back to his opponent. ", "A man is about to hit a tennis ball during a match."]
["A women holding a baby brushing its teeth.", "A smiling woman holding a baby has a camera in her hand.", "a woman takes a photo of herself and her child. ", "A woman is taking a picture of herself and a baby in the mirror.", "A woman takes a picture of a baby in the mirror"]
["A tray with two beverages, food and jam and/or jelly. ", "A table with a white cup and a glass sits close to a television monitor.", "A microwave and a cup of coffee on a table.", "a tv attached to a wall with food near by", "A tray with various food items on it, sitting in front of some kind of monitor."]
["A chair and some books in a room.", "Living room that contains chair with mirrors on side", "a living room with a chair and a fire place", "A large mirror in a wooden frame mounted on a wall.", "a multicolored sofa chair in a large home"]
["There are dental care supplies on a table", "Items used to clean teeth, such as toothpaste and toothbrush.", "Dental hygiene items scattered around on wooden table.", "A toothbrush, dental floss, and toothpaste on a table top.", "a tooth brush sits near a tube of tooth paste"]
["Two men play video games holding wii remotes.", "A couple of men standing next to each other holding Nintendo Wii game controllers.", "Two men are standing in a room playing a video game..", "a close up of a person playing nintendo wii ", "A man who is playing a video game."]
["Two people sitting in chairs playing a video game.", "Two young men are playing a video game.", "Two guys sit in a conference room playing a video game.", "The two boys are playing nintendo wii on the television.", "Two boys playing a sports video game together."]
["Two young men are playing Wii soccer together.", "A couple of men sitting and standing in front of a TV.", "two guys playing a video game using wii motes ", "Two guys are playing a game on the Nitnendo Wii.", "Two guys holding Wii remotes and gesturing towards their game on the television."]
["A baby wearing a red shirt standing behind someone's hand.", "A toddler having its teeth cleaned with a toothbrush", "a person holding a tooth brush in front of a baby", "A grownup holding a toothbrush in front of a little baby.", "A person holding a toothbrush out to a child."]
["A living room with pink and red chairs and a colorful couch.", "a living room decorated in bright candy colors with many flowers as well", "A number of chairs brightly covered in a room with blue-green walls.", "Brightly colored living room with different colored couches and walls. ", "A green room with colorful furnishings and white floors."]
["A woman, and baby use toothbrushes in front of a sink.", "A person with a toothbrush in their mouth with a baby.", "A baby sitting inside of a sink brushing it's teeth.", "A baby with an open mouth is in front of a sink.", "A baby is sitting in a tub looking at a toothbrush."]
["A man and woman leaning over a baby.", "A smiling man and woman tending to a small child.", "A man and woman are looking at the baby", "A man sitting in a chair with an infant laying on his lap and a woman standing over the top and looking down at the infant.", "A man sitting in a chair with a baby on his lap while a women is standing over them. "]
["A very modern living room with a black couch plus using accent colors in the shades of purple.", "A living room filled with various modern decor.", "The living room is furnished with dark colored furniture.", "a fancy living room filled with exotic looking furniture", "A couch and table in a small room."]
["a young boy standing next to a sink dressed like a pirate", "THERE IS A CHILD THAT IS STANDING AT THE SINK LOOKING ", "A LITTLE BOY STARTING TO BRUSH  HIS TEETH", "a little buy dressed up in a pirate costume", "Boy in bathroom holding toothbrush with pirate costume on"]
["This living room has a sectional couch. ", "A living room with sectional, tv, and shelves in it.", "A wide irregularly shaped room, with many built in niches and doorways, revealing portions of a bedroom and eating area, has pale pink walls, a ceiling fan, wood floors, glass doors with curtains, a long sectional sofa and  bric-a-brac.   ", "a beautiful white room with brown titles  well decorated.", "A serene living room with arched doorways and shelves and tile floors."]
["Group of books sitting in front of a white couch. ", "The living room has many books on the shelves. ", "A living room with bookshelves full of books.", "A room with a chair, a couch, and a lot of books stacked on the walls", "a living room with a table a couch and chairs"]
["The living room has two couches and an easy chair. ", "A living room with a large colorful rug and 3 different couches.", "A living room with a bunch of furniture and decor in it", "A multi-color rug in a room with a sofa, a love-seat and some chairs.", "a living room that has some couches in it"]
["a person standing up in the living room playing an interactive video game", "A large person using a Wii remote and nunchuck.", " A person holding a video game remote and playing.", "A person holding wii controllers in both hands.", "A male is leaning to the side holding a Wii remote with the \"Nunchuk\" accessory attached."]
["A man standing next to a woman holding a game controller.", "A large group of people in a room with remotes.", "A convention where a man and woman are playing a Wii together.", "A man and a woman playing a Wii.", "there are many people at a party playing a video game"]
["A group of friends sitting inside their living room.", "A family is gathered together, and one member is playing video games.", "A group of people playing video games next to a library.", "A family sitting in the living room playing video games.", "A family sitting around playing with an Atari. "]
["A WOMAN IS PLAYING GAMES USING AN ELECTRONIC GAMING CONSOLE", "A woman standing in a living room with a remote in her hand.", "A woman is playing with a Nintendo Wiimote.", "A young woman playing Wii in a home office.", "a woman is playing video games in a room"]
["A man playing with an interactive video game, with a cat next to him.", "a man that is standing up with a wii remote", "A man plays a video game on the wii while other individuals relax in the background.", "Some guys are playing with a video game.", "A man in a red hat and shorts pointing something in a room with a group of people."]
["a maid standing in a living room while looking at some thing in her hands ", "A girl reads alone in a room with flowers", "A wooden table topped with a vase filled with plants.", "A room with a decorative table in the middle and many chairs throughout the rest of the room.", "THERE IS A LIVING ROOM WITH CHAIRS AND TABLES AND A MIRROR ON IT "]
["A group of people standing around with two of them holding the Nintendo Wii remote.", "A lot of kids that are talking to each other.", "A group of young men standing around playing games on the Nintendo Wii.", "A group of boys are standing in a group with costume playing video games.", "A group of people are standing around playing Wii"]
["a room that has a red couch and a t.v.v", "A living room with a red couch, coffee table and TV on a stand.", "A display featuring a retro designed living room. ", "A red sofa is against an awful looking wallpaper.", "a living room with a bright red couch next to a yellow wall "]
["a man that is standing up with a cord in his hand", "A man is performing on stage at an event.", "Man playing with Nintendo in front of a group of people on stage", "a stage crew member moves wire next to a performer on stage", "A man standing on stage holding sum kind of remote control."]
["a person holding a game remote next to another one holding a beer", "A women who is playing a video game on a projection screen.", "A person is playing a game with a controller.", "some people are playing a video game and some chairs", "A man plays a Wii bowling game in a large room."]
["A man and woman are playing a video game together.", "Two people react as they move their arms quickly during a video game.", "Two people are shown playing a Wii game.", "Man and woman standing in a living room holding white controllers. ", "a couple plays video games in a room together."]
["There is an image of two people playing wii.", "This is an image of two people playing wii.", "A group of people playing with the Nintendo Wii.", "Two people playing a video game on the Nintendo Wii.", "Two people playing a video game with three people watching.", "A group of people playing Wii video games"]
["A woman standing in a room holding a game controller.", "A young woman dressed in blue and white playing a video game.", "A young lady is controlling something with a remote control.", "A person pointing a remote control at an object.", "A woman sticking her tongue out while playing with a Wii."]
["Two men standing with Nintendo Wii controllers in their hands.", "Two men holding controllers near others on a couch.", "Two men are standing together while holding Wii controllers.", "Two people are teaching each other how to play game.", "an image of two men playing video games"]
["A magazine that is laying near a keyboard.", "a cluttered desk with magazines a phone and a keyboard and monitor ", "A magazine is lying on a cluttered desk.", "A desk with a computer, phone and magazines scattered about.", "A work station that has a bunch of loose paper on the desk."]
["A monitor with an ipod, keyboard, mouse, camera, speakers and hard drive tower.", "Glass office furniture in a room used for an office", "There is no image here to provide a caption for.", "A computer is sitting on a glass computer desk.", "A metal and glass computer desk with a computer."]
["A laptop computer and mouse on a three-tiered desk.", "A lap top computer on a simple desk.", "A shelf holding a laptop and speakers. ", "A laptop computer and a pair of speakers sitting on shelves.", "A computer that is on a shelve in a room."]
["A man wearing glasses talking on a phone", "A man sits while talking on a cellphone.", "Older man in striped shirt with glasses on cell phone", "An older man talks on his cell phone.", "A man in glasses talking on a cellphone."]
["A tower with clocks on the walls at the top is standing in the garden.", "This is a clock tower that stands tall in a park.", "a clock tower stands tall among some plants ", "This clock tower is located among some shrubs in a park", "A picture of a steeple building with a clock.   "]
["A living room with orange and green color scheme ", "This is a living room with orange and green furniture.", "A living room setup with a bunch of different colored chairs in it.", "A retro style living room with orange sofa and green chairs.", "A living room designed in orange and green "]
["A group of people sit and stand in a circle while drinking in a living room. ", "A group of people holding drinks and having conversation.", "Four people dressed in black and white standing and sitting in the living room.", "A group of white people at a small party/gathering.", "The group of people are having a discussion over their drinks."]
["Several kites flying on a windy day at the beach.", "A large sea horse kite flying in a cloudy sky.", "A dragon kite that is in the sky.", "a bunch of kites in the shape of various animals in front of a misty beach with a group of people riding horses", "A yellow seahorse kite flying above a green bear."]
["A silver truck parked next to a colorful kite.", "A TRUCK IS PARKED ON THE SIDE OF A STREET ", "a truck is parked with a wind sail", "A truck is parked in a recreation area.", "A four door pickup truck parked on a road with hills in the background."]
["A group of people standing in a field with kites in the background.", "Groups of people mill around in a large grass field. ", "a group of people in a grassy field with a large structure in the background", "A group of people on the grass with kites flying in the background.", "A bunch of people in a very big grassy field."]
["a small girl in a blue and white dress and a colorful kite and water", "A photo of a child holding a kite.", "A young girl is holding a kite by the lake.", "A child standing by the water with a kite.", "a person standing holding a kite near water"]
["A middle-aged man assembles a green kite at his office.", "A man kneeling on a hardwood floor and holding a green kite in his hands.", "A man in grey shirt holding a green kite in a room.", "A man with a green kite kneeling on the floor.", "Man assembling what appears to be a kite in his home"]
["Some colorful kites are flying against the cloudy sky.", "there are any kites that are being flown in the sky", "An octopus kite in the sky near another kite that is colorful.", "kite in the shape of a octopus flying in the air", "A kite that looks like an octopus being flown."]
["The people are flying kites near the water. ", "A field with many people in it and many kites overhead.", "The group of people are gathered by the water to fly the kites. ", "Lots of kits flying in the sky while people are at the park.", "A lot of people fly kites by the shore."]
["a man standing on the beach with a long colorful kite ", "A small group of men standing near some large building.", "A MAN IS ON THE BEACH SMILING ", "A man smiles while stretching out a banner.", "A man holds up decorations outside while other men look on."]
["a man and a shorter child at a beach flying a kite", "Two people are standing on a beach flying a kite.", "Father and son playing with kite and kite string.", "A man and a young boy are flying a kite", "The man stands on the beach flying a kite with a child. "]
["A group of people at the beach windsurfing.", "A beach area with people on the sand and various kites flying overhead in the sky.", "A bunch of kites flying in the sky on the beach.", "A sea shore with a lot of kites flying in the air", "People flying multicolored kites on a beach by the ocean."]
["A close-up of a drawing on a piece of paper next to a computer mouse.", "An office desk with personal effects and workstation", "There is a paper with a drawing an a nokia phone on top of it", "A white paper scibbled with blue ink near a computer keyboard.", "Work desk showing electronics, car keys and scribbled plans"]
["A woman flying a kite on the beach.", "A woman standing on top of a beach flying a kite.", "a person on a beach with a kite near the water ", "A woman flies her kite on the beach. ", "A woman is flying a kite on a beach."]
["Vase with water and flowers in it sitting on the window sill", "a vase filled with some red flowers in a window ", "A vase is sitting by a open window", "Some flowers are in a vase with water.", "The large red flower is inside of a clear glass vase."]
["Kites and balloons in the sky and one on the ground in an open field with spectators standing in the distance.", "A cluster of octopus kites are looking down on a squid kite.", "A panda balloon and many assorted color octopus balloons floating over the ground.", "Several large kites are flying over some grass", "many large kites being flown in the air with a sky background"]
["A person flying a kite through a blue sky.", "A person holds the end of a kite as it flies", "A person's hand holding onto the handle of a kite", "A person takes a first hand photo of their hand holding a flying kite.", "A slose-up of a hand holding the control of a kite."]
["Batter, catcher, and umpire anticipating the next pitch.", "A baseball player holding a baseball bat in the game.", "A baseball player stands ready at the plate.", "Baseball players on the field ready for the pitch.", "A view from behind a mesh fence of a baseball game."]
["A baseball player standing on home plate with a bat in hand.", "A baseball batter up to bat during a baseball game.", "A batter is waiting for the pitcher to trow the ball for him.", "Batter getting ready to swing his bat at a baseball game.", "A baseball player holds his bat high before a pitch."]
["A man is walking down the street next to a pole with a clock.", "A man is walking down a main street.", "Picture of an exterior place that looks wonderful.\n", "A wide sidewalk in the 1950's has a clock on a pedestal in the middle of it.", "A black and white photo of a sidewalk with a clock on a pole."]
["a baseball player getting ready to bat at a game", "A baseball player steps in the batters box and prepares to hit.", "A hitter and umpire standing at home plate during a baseball game.", "A baseball player is on the home plate with his bat.", "A baseball player holding a baseball bat during a baseball game."]
["A man running with a baseball bat in his hand.", "A couple of baseball players that are standing in the dirt.", "A batter taking off for first base and a catcher on his feet.", "A group of men standing around near a base.", "The baseball player is running with a bat in his hand."]
["A base ball player holding a bat standing on a  field.", "A baseball player getting ready to swing his bat.", "A professional baseball player holding up a baseball bat.", "The batter swings with a weight on his bat when he's the next batter up.", "A uniformed baseball player poses with a bat in the air."]
["A woman sitting next to a child on a large grey teddy bear.", "A woman and small child next to a stone teddy bear", "A little girl with a big teddy bear.", "a woman and young child pose on steps with  teddy bear statue", "A mother and child pose brightly beside a large stuffed animal."]
["A man holding a bat under a dark chem trail filled sky.", "A man holding a baseball bat in his hands.", "A man holding a baseball bat in his hand.", "A man holding a baseball bat that is in mid swing.", "A man with a beard swings a bat."]
["A man holding a baseball bat over a field.", "A man at a park swinging a bat. ", "He is hitting the baseball with the bat.", "a man with a bat swings at a ball", "A man swings a baseball bat at the ball."]
["A baseball player swinging a bat on a field.", "A batter swings to crack the ball during a baseball game.", "A umpire watching a batter finish his swing.", "The baseball player makes a swing at the ball.", "A view from behind the plate as a baseball player swings his bat."]
["A black and white photo of baseball players looking for a ball", "the guys are playing baseball as the ball flys up", "a man with a bat looks into the air at a pop up", "The batter and the catcher are looking into the air.", "A group of baseball players that are in the dirt."]
["A man in a baseball uniform kneeling down while holding a baseball bat.", "This ball player is posing for a picture in his Ranger's uniform.", "A baseball player wears a Rangers outfit while kneeling and holding a bat.", "A baseball player poses for a picture with his baseball bat. ", "Baseball player posing in his uniform holding a baseball bat. "]
["A little boy with a hat holding a bat.", "A young boy posing with a baseball bat for a team photo.", "A kid that is holding a baseball bat.", "A child is holding a baseball bat at a game.", "A small male child holding a baseball bat."]
["Two girls in stand on grass and one holds a bat as the other holds a pink cup.", "A lady holds a glass while the other holds a bat next to the road.", "Two girls in a yard with one holding a glass and the other holding a baseball bat.", "Two woman playing baseball on the grass by the road", "Two women in grassy area with a bat."]
["A small child is holding a baseball bat.", "A young black child holding a baseball bat. ", "A smiling young boy holding a baseball bat. ", "A little boy that is holding a bat in the grass.", "A young black boy swinging a baseball bat."]
["A baseball player warms up with his bat before he is up to hit. ", "A baseball player follows through on a heavy swing.", "A baseball player in pin stripes is swinging his bat.", "A baseball player holding a bat near a crowd.", "A baseball player preparing to swing his bat."]
["A baseball player swinging a bat on a field.", "A batter swinging at a pitch at a baseball game with a runner on first base.", "a baseball game where the batter just swung the bat ", "A baseball player swinging his bat at the plate.", "Baseball players are playing baseball on a baseball field."]
["Baseball players swing at a baseball with a bat during a game.", "A baseball game with the batter hitting the ball.", "A batter swinging the bat at a baseball game.", "A batter is up during the baseball game.", "A professional baseball player swinging his bat at the baseball."]
["A catcher crouches as the batter swings to hit the ball in a baseball game.", "The baseball is coming towards the batter as he gets ready to swing.", "a batter catcher and an umpire in a baseball stadium", "People are playing baseball on a baseball field", "A baseball game where the batter is about to hit the ball."]
["A baseball player swinging a bat over home plate.", "The batter in the red jersey and shirt is swinging his bat. ", "A baseball player is in the process of swinging a bat.", "A baseball player takes a swing at a ball.", "A baseball player swings at a low pitch."]
["Baseball batter gets ready for the pitch during the game.", "A group of men on a field playing baseball.", "derek jeter gets ready to swing at a baseball", "Uniformed baseball player at bat ready to swing during a game.", "A baseball player holding a bat next to a base."]
["A baseball player holding a bat standing on a  field.", "Spectators closely watch a baseball game in the sun", "a baseball player swings his bat at a pitch", "The batter prepares to hit the ball, while the fans watch from the side.", "A man at bat holding the bat with the umpire and catcher behind him"]
["A young man ready to hit a home run.", "Someone is doing something that is quite fun.\n", "A young man standing and posing in a Chicago Cubs baseball uniform.", "A young boy standing on top of a green field holding a baseball bat.", "A little boy standing in the grass with a laptop."]
["Two men playing tennis in front of a large crowd of people.", "Two persons playing double tennis while and audience watches.", "The tennis player is jumping up to hit the ball", "Two young men play a game of tennis in front of a large audience.", "Two people playing a tennis match at night."]
["a tennis player on a table on the court ", "Outside of a tennis court are a man kneeling down while another man is in a seat sitting up high and a tennis player in blue is having their foot wrapped.  ", "some tennis players fans and a judge on a court", "A tennis player sitting on the sidelines as a medic wraps his foot.", "A man examines a players ankle at a tennis match."]
["Pizza on a table with a cup and a fork", "Slices of pizza sitting on a table near a drink.", "a yellow sign sitting on a table with some assorted pizzas ", "People are eating slices of pizza on the table", "a smorgasbord filled with different kinds of pizzas "]
["Pizza on a tray on the table outside next to plates and wine glass", "A table outside with a pizza on it with several toppings. ", "Pizza type meal set out on a wooden table with plates.", "A pizza sitting on an outdoor table in the sun", "A table that has pizza, wine, a candle, plates, and another food dish on it. "]
["A girl walking with a tennis ball balanced on a tennis racquet.", "She knows that there is a proper way to serve up a tennis ball.", "A young girl in her Tennis gear is holding the ball. ", "a little girl balancing a tennis ball on a racket", "A blond girl carries a tennis ball on top of her racket."]
["It is a great day for these youngsters to have tennis lessons.", "children are learning to play tennis on the court", "This is a group of young girls at a tennis court.", "Nine children and one adult on a tennis court", "A group of young girls with racquets on the tennis court"]
["A table with  a bottle of water and slice of pizza ", "A slice of pizza on top of a paper plate on a table.", "Slice of pizza sitting on a metallic table inside a restaurant. ", "A slice of pizza on a plate sitting on a table", "The slice of pizza has pepperoni on it. "]
["A freckled girl sitting outside eating a cookie.", "A young girl in pink eating a cookie.", "A young girl in a pink shirt holding a cookie.", "Young girl in pink eating some sort of food.", "A smiling girl with a piece of bread in her hand."]
["The personal sized pizza has pepperoni and black olives.", "A table setting with a pizza and sangria in a glass and pitcher. ", "A pizza on a table with a glass and pitcher with liquid and fruit in it.", "Dinner table with a plate of pizza on top next to a wine glass", "A plate that has a pizza on it."]
["this is an image of a man playing tennis.", "A man with a tennis racket getting ready to hit a ball.", "A tennis player is swinging at a ball ", "A man taking a swing at a tennis ball", "He is getting ready to serve the ball in a game of tennis."]
["A window on brick wall with vases in the sill.", "Different style vases sitting on a window sill  next to a planter", "Several colorful vases on a stone window ledge.", "A group of decorative objects are sitting on a windowsill. ", "Lovely hand-made pots line the stone sill of a window."]
["a white laptop is on a wood desk", "A laptop is open on a cluttered desk.", "The laptop is left on the desk in the room.", "A laptop sitting on a table in the middle of a desk.", "A desk with a laptop and camera on it."]
["A laptop computer is open with a cup of coffee next to it.", "An open laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.", "A young businessman with long hair is on a laptop screen on a table next to a cup of coffee and a pair of ladies eyeglasses. ", "A man is video chatting with someone on a laptop.", "A man on a computer screen on a desk with a cup of coffee."]
["A man's hands working on a laptop computer with a television screen in the background.", "Hands on a laptop with a television in the background.", "A person typing on a laptop computer keyboard.", "A person working on a laptop with a TV on in the background.", "A picture of someone typing on a laptop."]
["A vase of white roses in front of a bookcase.", "A metal vase filled with yellow roses on top of a table.", "A vase that has white flowers in it.", "A vase holds white roses near a bookshelf.", "A vase has many white roses in it"]
["A ceramic pot is laying in the grass", "A large brown vase sitting on green plants.", "A pot is tipped on its side in a bush", "A textured vase laying on the ground on its side.", "A stone jug is overturned in a group of leaves."]
["A clock tower, with a sky scrapper next to it.", "A couple walks along a path leading to a clock tower. ", "Grey building with a large clock on the side of it. ", "A tall building has a clock on each side.", "A few people are walking along a pathway in a park area."]
["A large tall tower with a clock on the top.", "A building that has a clock in it.", "A close up of a Union Station clock tower.", "A clock tower of some sort at Union Station.", "A clock on tower on top of a train station."]
["A clock tower at seven forty three in the afternoon.", "A large clock tower sticking out of the top of a building.", "The building spire has clock faces on two sides of it.", "A clock tower attached to the roof is dimly lit at dusk.", "A building with a clock tower is looked over by the moon. "]
["Two teddy bears are sitting on a couch.", "Two teddy bears sit side by side on a chair.", "Two teddy bears next to each other in a brown couch.", "THERE ARE TWO STUFF ANIMALS ON THE CHAIR", "Teddy bears sitting on a couch as if they have been friends forever."]
["a dog that is sitting inside of a room", "A view of a living room with a dog sitting next to the fireplace.", "A large, cute dog is sitting on its haunches in a living room.", "A dog that is sitting in front of a fireplace.", "A dog sitting in a neat but small living room witha number of glass vases on a mantel."]
["A brick oven with two serving trays and a stack of logs.", "A fireplace has a lot of wood and tools around it.", "a shovel and a spoon hung on a wooden wall", "Large spatulas rest on the wood near an oven.", "Some wood is stacked on a shelf by an oven."]
["A garage with a table, refrigerator and metal shelf.", "A large black refrigerator is in a kitchen.", "A black refrigerator and a table with chairs.", "A kitchen table and a refrigerator in a garage.", "A refrigerator and table and chairs in a garage."]
["a woman looking at laptop as she sits at a table ", "the woman is sitting at a desk looking at a computer. ", "a woman sits at a laptop at a table", "A smiling woman working on a laptop computer in an office", "A woman sitting in front of a laptop computer."]
["Night scene with clock tower and buildings with lights", "An illuminated clock tower against a city skyline", "A stately clock tower is lit up against the darkness of the city. ", "dark skies, and lights in windows of big buildings, in the center a clock tower", "There are two clocks on the sides of the building . "]
["A very tall brick clock tower under a blue sky.", "A clock is in a tall brown brick clock tower.", "there is a large tower with a white clock and a green roof", "A building with a large clock with the time 5:50.", "The large clock tower has a light green roof."]
["A computer being used on the mezzanine of a restaurant", "some people at some tables some chairs and a monitor", "A laptop computer set up at a table overlooking a busy seating area. ", "A computer monitor with view of people at tables down below.", "The view from a computer screen, overlooking a crowd of people below. "]
["This kitchen has granite counter tops and a stainless steel stove", "a kitchen with a blender a stove and some white cabinets", "A small kitchen has a red blender on the counter.", "A kitchen with a blender on the counter, a stainless steel stovetop oven and an over-the-range microwave.", "A clean kitchen counter contains only a crock pot, a blender and a bottle of cooking oil."]
["a big mircowave built into the kitchen wall", "A microwave mounted in a shelf with the microwave door open", "A toaster oven mounted to a kitchen cabinet.", "Stainless steel built in microwave oven with door open", "A picture of a new built in stainless steel microwave."]
["A toaster oven sitting on top of a counter.", "A black toaster oven sitting on a kitchen counter.", "a black toaster oven on a counter with other appliances in the back ground", "a toaster oven on a counter top in a kitchen", "A digital toaster oven sitting between a toaster and dish rack on a counter."]
["A desktop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "A wood desk has a computer monitor, a keyboard and a mouse on it.", "There is a desktop computer sitting on a desk.", "A computer, mouse and keyboard on a wooden desk.  ", "A desktop computer and mouse at a desk."]
["A man holding a cell phone with a pack of Marlboro Lights on his lap ", "a close up of a person holding a cell phone", "A man is holding onto his small Nokia phone.", "A man holding a Nokia cell phone with a packet of Marlboro cigarettes in his lap. ", "a man that is holding a cell phone in his hand"]
["Black and white photograph of a young man on cell phone.", "A man sitting on a bench using his cell phone.", "The boy is talking on his cell phone .", "A young man sitting on a bench talking on his phone.", "A young man sitting on a bench using a cell phone."]
["Assorted food items displayed on trays with condiments on table.", "A BUFFET SPREAD OF AN ARRAY OF FOODS ", "A shelf in a store with varieties of foodstuffs", "A spread of food lays prepared on the table.", "A view of a bunch of food in a deli setting."]
["three old cell phones on chains on s textured surface", "A bunch of old phones on the ground chained up", "Several cell phones with chains have labels on them.", "Three black cellphones attached separate lengths of chain.", "Three cellphones are sitting chained to a table."]
["A kitchen has gold counters and a microwave.", "Bottles and other items on a counter top.", "A kitchen counter with a microwave and many cluttered objects. ", "A microwave and some bottles on a counter", "A kitchen counter that has various objects on it."]
["a person showing a picture of people on their cell phone", "a person holds on to a smart cell phone ", "A hand holding a cell phone into the air to record video.", "A hand is holding onto an electronic device. ", "A person is holding up their cell phone to take a picture."]
["A person is pressing a button on a convection oven.", "a hand pointing to an electronic device on the wall", "A finger pushes a button on a mechanical device.", "A person points to an electronic device mounted onto the wall.", "A person pushing a button on a television."]
["A blender filled with liquid sitting on a kitchen counter.", "The smoothie is being made in the blender.", "A blender is being set at pulse and contains an orange liquid.", "An orange concoction comes together in a blender. ", "An orange liquid has been mixed in a blender."]
["A small group of people are taking pictures outside.", "Two women taking pictures with their phones while another woman waits. ", "Two women are taking photos with their cellphones, while another woman stands near them.", "Three woman near trees while two of them have their cell phones out. ", "Three women out in nature taking pictures with phones."]
["An orange tabby cat lies on the carpet and checks out a cell phone", "A cat that is playing with something on a big rock rug.", "A cat is playing with a mobile phone.", "a large orange cat laying near a cellphone", "An orange and white cat lays on tan carpet with his nose on a black cell phone."]
["A woman walking past a man in a train station.", "People standing and talking in a black and white photo.", "several people are waiting at a train station", "A man standing against a wall and looking at a cellphone as people walk by him.", "A man standing in a sport coat and looking down at his hands as a woman passes in front of him."]
["Two women sitting on a blanket looking at cellular phones.", "Two people are sitting in the grass looking at cell phones.", "two girls sitting on some grass are looking at their cellphones", "A couple of young women sitting on the ground next to each other.", "Two girls are sitting on blankets in a grassy area while using their phones."]
["a person standing talking on a cell phone ", "The man is walking down the dirt pathway talking on his phone.", "A guy and a woman walking while the guy is on the phone.", "Two people in an open field, on on a cell phone.", "a couple of people that are walking down a path"]
["A man that is holding a cellphone to his face.", "A man holding a cell phone up to her ear.", "a man holding his cell phone to his ear ", "Man holding cell phone to ear in parking lot.", "A man standing while holding the cell phone in his hand up to his ear."]
["two women are walking together near a tree", "Some very pretty exotic women dressed in pretty robes.", "Oriental women in costumes with onlookers nearby in outdoor walkway.", "Women in geisha dress, in a tourist area.", "a couple of women walking on a rocky surface "]
["Two people are standing in a hallway while one person checks their phone.", "MAN LOOKING AT HIS CELL PHONE WHILE WAITING", "A man standing in line and looking at his cell phone.", "A man using his cellphone while standing in line.", "Two men standing together looking at a cell phone."]
["a person in a costume standing talking on a cell phone", "A man dressed like Elvis on the cell phone.", "A man dressed up as Elvis is talking on his cellular. ", "A man has all black clothes and black hair with sideburns.", "A man dressed all in black in elvis clothing "]
["Young Asian people sit on the street texting", "Young guy sitting down looking at his cell phone.", "A group of people looking at smart phones while sitting down.", "A group of people sitting and looking at their cellphones.", "The young people are using their cell phones."]
["A cel phone laying open on a table with reflections from the phone shinning on the table.", "A cell phone glows while sitting on the table. ", "A cell phone is giving off reflection and keypad orbs.", "A cell phone in a flip-format on a wooden table", "A cell phone that is on top of a table."]
["A metallic red microwave on top of a fridge-freezer", "On top of a refrigerator is a microwave.", "A red microwave oven is placed directly on top of a refrigerator.", "Red microwave sitting on top of a white refrigerator. ", "A red and black microwave sitting on top of a refrigerator freezer."]
["A woman standing in front of an oven near another woman.", "Two people baking a meat dish in oven.", "a woman checking some food in the oven while someone sits on the counter ", "A woman checks something baking in a wall oven.", "a girl taking baked food out of the oven with another girl watching"]
["A stove with the top unit with ehating elements removed ", "A silver stove sits next to a counter on a wooden floor.", "A brand new stainless steel oven and stove combo being installed", "A brand new stove being fitted into a kitchen.", "An electric stove with the top surface removed"]
["A view into a bathroom from inside a kitchen.", "A toilet is in a bathroom next to a refrigerator.", "a white refrigerator a toilet and a purple towel", "A refrigerator freezer sitting in a kitchen next to a bathroom.", "A bathroom sits off the side of a kitchen in close proximity to the refrigerator."]
["A white refrigerator covered in lots of magnets and calendars.", "A refrigerator with a bunch of kid's artwork on it. ", "A white refrigerator adorned with various pictures and magnets.", "A refrigerator in the kitchen has many magnets on its door. ", "A refrigerator with stickers and magnets in a kitchen. "]
["a pregnant woman standing holding on a white fridge ", "The young woman is leaning on a refrigerator on the sidewalk.", "A young lady leaning up against a white refrigerator freezer.", "A woman leaning against a refrigerator outdoors on a sidewalk.", "a woman smiles as she poses next to a fridge "]
["A man standing in a kitchen remodeling it.", "A man standing by a counter in a room.", "A work bench in a kitchen has candles on it.", "Two people work on remodeling a kitchen with many cabinets.", "A couple of guys are finishing up work on a kitchen remodel."]
["a person looking in an opened refrigerator ", "A woman is standing in front of an open refrigerator.  ", "A woman standing beside the refrigerator with the doors open. ", "the woman is looking for what she needs in the refrigerator.", "A woman standing in front of an open refrigerator."]
["A kitchen with a stainless steel refrigerator and wood cabinets.", "A stainless steel dual door fridge in a kitchen.", "A stainless steel fridge that is in a kitchen.", "A kitchen that has a silver refrigerator in it.", "A large side-by-side stainless steel refrigerator in a kitchen."]
["Colorful vases with flowers on a table with overhanging paper lantern", "Many small vases have wilted flowers in them.", "A table that has several different vases of different colors placed on it.", "A table with various vases next to a yellow chair.", "a table with a bunch of vases on top of it"]
["a blue and white building and two red clocks ", "A CITY CLOCK WITH A TOWER IN THE FRONT OF A BUILDNG", "There is a modern sculpture topped with a clock", "a small tower with a clock on top with a building in the background", "A picture of a clock in front of apartments."]
["two children stand near various childrens toys in the background", "A young boy in plaid brushing a little girl's hair .", "Two children looking through a large collection of toys.", "Children are playing with one another in a play room", "A young boy brushing a little girls hair. "]
["a black and white clock in a clock tower", "The top of a very tall and grey clock tower.", "\nA brick tower clock that has a steeple at the top is standing erect.", "A very tall clock tower with a clock on it's side.", "a large tower that has a big clock at top"]
["A picture of a building appearing to be made of legos ", "a little scale model of a building made of legos", "large red building with distinctive windows on 3 stories", "a five story red brick building with a large clock", "A pretty red brick building with white window frames and ornate clock."]
["An antique-looking grandfather clock reflecting light from a window.", "The face of a large brass antique clock.", "The clock is displayed in the house by the window.", "Brass ornate faced clock displayed in wooden cabinet.", "The clock has beautiful gold detials on the face."]
["A couple of plates of food on a table.", "A meal is on plates on a dining table.", "A breakfast quiche slice with tomatoes and other foods.", "Four plates of food are arranged on a table.", "Plated food items displayed on large black table."]
["A large clock hanging from the side of a building..", "A wooden stone with a clock on top.", "A clock with an illuminated face sits on stone wall. ", "A clock that has roman numerals on it and it is mounted on the wall ", "This is a clock in between two archways."]
["A plate of unusual food combinations including an egg on mashed potatoes mango and a chocolate on a plate. ", "Eggs Fruit Candy Nuts and Meat served on white dish.", "A square white plate with eggs, meat and cheese cubes.", "very well cooked food with raw onions on it", "A square plate with food on it "]
["A stone clock tower surmounted by a spire and minarets.", "A clock is at the top of a cement piece of architecture.", "A clock tower sitting in the middle of a road.", "A very large stone tower with a clock in it at the center of a road.", "A large clock tower is shown in the division of a street."]
["Clock on a stone wall reading 9 o'clock.", "a clock showing 9:00 AM or 9:00PM with a pixelated design for the font ", "a white clock with black numbers set at nine o'clock", "A clock fashioned to look like it is pixelated on a brick wall.", "The clock indicates it is nine o'clock sharp."]
["There is a clock above a shelf of knickknacks.", "A close up of a shelf with plants and a clock on the wall.", " large clock mounted to a living room wall.", "A shelf on the wall with plants and decor under a clock.", "THERE IS A WALL CLOCK ABOVE THE MANTEL PIECE "]
["A large brick tower with a massive clock on it's side.", "One building has a clock and the other one doesn't.", "A large clock on the outside wall of a red brick building.", "A large red brick building with a clock on the front of it.", "A clock on the side of a red brick building."]
["Flowers are in flower pots as a lace table cloth covers a small table.", "A white linen clothed table with vases and plants.", "a light gray vase and some purple red and yellow flowers", "This picture has been altered to show a reflection of the blue flower.", "Flower pot with beautiful artificial flowers in a row. "]
["Flowers are in a vase of water on a tabletop.", "A glass vase filled with a bunch of yellow flowers", "A vase of yellow flowers is sitting on a table.", "A flower bouquet in a vase on a table.", "yellow daffodils sitting in a vase on a table"]
["a group of odd looking vases sitting on a shelf ", "A selection of vases are shown an shelves.", "Eclectic vases and light fixtures line the pottery shelves.", "there are several types of pottery on the shelf", "many vases displayed on a shelf near a wall"]
["Pink and yellow flowers are in a brown vase.", "Flowers in a vase atop a table at night.", "Several pink flowers in a large gray vase.", "Flower arrangement in a ceramic pot sitting on a counter.", "a tan vase holding five large pink flowers."]
["Two vases show ladies appearing to look carefree.", "Two monochromatic vases featuring women are on display.", "Two brown matching vases featuring a woman on each of them.", "there are two vases that have the same colors on them", "a couple of black vases that are next to each other"]
["A woman holding a giant pair of scissors ", "a person with a large pair of scissors ", "A woman in grey sweater holding big scissors around her neck.", "A woman holding a large pair of scissors in her hands with the shears positioned around her neck.", "Woman making funny face while holding giant pair of scissors to her neck."]
["A baby laying on a chair with two brown teddy bears.", "a tiny baby sitting between two teddy bears", "A baby on the sofa with two teddy bears.", "A baby is sitting between two large teddy bears.", "A newborn baby is placed between two teddy bears."]
["A young child sitting on the floor cuddles with a teddy bear.", "A little boy sharing a hoodie with a teddy bear.", "A young boy hugs his large teddy bear.", "The long haired boy is pleased to hang out with his teddy bear friend.", "A child sitting on the floor holding a stuffed bear."]
["A toddler in a yellow jumper is holding a teddy bear.", "A small child is holding a teddy bear.", "Baby in yellow holds on to her teddy bear.", "An adorable little girl holding a brown teddy bear next to a wooden table.", "A little girl holding a teddy bear. "]
["A baby holding a stuffed animal in a red wagon.", "A baby lays a stuffed animal into a pull along wagon.", "Small child placing a stuffed toy on the back of a red wagon. ", "Little boy gives his Teddy bear a ride in his wagon.", "A young child placing teddy in a wagon"]
["A plate topped with rolls next to a bowl of food.", "There is no image to provide a caption for.", "An outside table has a large assortment of food on it.", "Rolls and lettuce sitting in bowls on a picnic table. ", "Table containing two plates with muffins and other assorted items."]
["Many people are dining at a public restaurant.", "A dinning room filled with people eating food.", "A restaurant, with people eating and chefs in the background.", "A group of people seated at a fancy banquet table. ", "A crowd of people eating in a restaraunt"]
["A man sitting  in a kitchen in front of a refrigerator.", "A man sitting at a table with jars of peanut butter, bread, honey, lemons and plates.", "A man is sitting at a table with plates and peanut butter and jelly and lemon slices are on the table.", "a person sitting in front of table with food and plates on it ", "a person sitting at a table with plates and food items"]
["A metal table with white plate holding food that includes chicken and cauliflower.", "The food is on a white plate with green flowers.", "Some food layed out on a white plate", "A plate of food with some rice dishes on it.", "A plate of food featuring an assortment of rice patties and shrimp. "]
["a table with many plates of food and drinks", "A table with a bowl of cereal, carton of yogurt, glass of orange juice, banana, plate of bread and a vase of flowers on a book.", "A bowl of cereal, yogurt, orange juice, banana and some slices of bread on a red table.", "Table with cereal bowl cup of juice and yogurt at one place and a plate of loaf pieces and banana at another", "a table with plates of food and a glass of juice"]
["A plate of food with meat and white noodles.", "Asian chicken and noodles served with hot sauce and salad.", "This is an Asian seafood dinner, seen close up.", "An Asian dish with noodles and chicken with a spoon.", "A bowl of rice noodles, meat and vegetables with a bottle of sriracha"]
["a kid is sitting in front of a few plates of food", "A young girl sitting in front of plates and bowls of food.", "A girl sits at a table smiling in front of a bowl of pho", "a girl sitting at a table with several plates of food around her.", "a little girl sitting at a table eating a bowl of pho"]
["Group of people standing at a dinner table with different color plates. ", "A group of people are carving pineapples at a camp site.", "Several people cutting up various fruits at an outdoor event.", "a couple of people are getting food at a table", "a group of people chop some food on a table "]
["Pans filled with different types of food on a stove top.", "Multiple photographs of food that include rice and chicken.", "The cooking and preparation process of a meal.", "There are a collage of pictures of different foods", "A collage of pictures showing food being cooked and fully prepared."]
["Various foods are sitting on plates on the table", "A bunch of plates that are sitting on a table.", "Dishes of various foods sitting on a table.", "A wide selection of food is displayed on a table.", "a close up of different plates of food on a table "]
["A group of women enjoying wine and cheese.", "Several people standing around a table with drinks.", "Four women sit at a dining table in red room.", "A group of women sitting at a table drinking glasses of wine.", "A group of ladys around a small table."]
["A woman in black sweater holding a glass of wine.", "a woman sitting before a table and holding a wine glass.", "an image of a woman holding a bottle of wine", "A woman smiles as she holds a glass of wine at a table.", "A woman enjoying a glass of wine at dinner."]
["A picture of people watching TV in the living room adjusted to imply motion.", "A blurry/manipulated image of people watching television in a living room", "a blurry picture of a man on a coach", "Distorted motion shot of narrow living room and flat screen TV.", "A blurred view of people watching television. "]
["A lone man sitting on a bench on hill next to a large tree", "A man sitting on a bench by a tree.", "A person is sitting on a bench under a tree.", "A MAN IS SITTING ALONE ON A PARK BENCH", "Man contemplating his life while sitting on a bench under a tree."]
["A man sitting on top of a bench in front of a street.", "A man in all black is sitting on a bench next to a bag. ", "Two men are sitting on a bench on a sidewalk.", "Adult men sitting on bench on sidewalk in city.", "Two men sit on a bench on a sidewalk in a city."]
["A person sitting on top of a bench with their arms spread out.", "A person sites  on a bench on a tree lined street.", "Two people sitting on a park bench in the park.", "A couple relaxes on a bench in a landscaped park..", "A man sitting next to woman with her arms outstretched on a park bench surrounding by grass and trees."]
["A person with a cell phone and a umbrella.", "a person holding a closed umbrella in the dark", "A person wearing a jacket holding an umbrella and cellphone.", "A person holds a cell phone and an umbrella. ", "Picture of bottom of jacket with stethescope poking out from underneath"]
["Two girls sitting on the ground, one with a hat on, the other with an open umbrella. ", "Two women sitting side by side on a sidewalk sharing the shade of an umbrella.", "Two girls sitting under an umbrella blocking the sun", "Young women sitting against a stone wall with an umbrella.", "Two women shade themselves while sitting against a stone wall"]
["A person with an umbrella is standing by a fountain.", "a person holding an open umbrella next to a fountain", "A man with an umbrella standing in front of a fenced fountain.", "A person standing in front of a fountain holding an umbrella.", "Person holding a blue and white umbrella standing in front of a water fountain. "]
["People holding umbrellas with a blue light in back.", "People in the dark watching something on a screen using umbrellas.", "A man is holding an umbrella while standing close to other people.", "A person is standing while holding an umbrella.", "This is an image of a man with an umbrella."]
["a close up of a tv with a man wearing s suit and shirt", "a television set with a big brother evicted person on the screen", "A reality TV star being interviewed on a show.", "A bald man in a suit on a television.", "A TV with a person being interviewed on the screen."]
["There are several people riding mopeds and motorcycles traveling down the street.", "Several people riding motorcycles through a busy street.", "Motorcyclists and pedestrians walking down a street with seated people looking on.", "The motorcycle riders all have unusual passenger along.", "A group of motorcyclists riding down a street in a crowd. "]
["a parade of motor cycles being watched by a crowd", "a photo with dozens of motorcycles with people on them", "a large group of people watching motorcycle driving down the road.", "A crowded street filled with people riding motorcycles.", "A man and a woman on an orange scooter riding down a street."]
["A parade with police officers riding police motorcycles", "A police escort going down the street with people watching. ", "A city street is lined with a parade of motorcycles.", "Police officers are driving in formation in a parade.", "Police escort drive motorcycles down street as people stand by on both sides watching "]
["A group of bikers parked in the middle of a street.", "A crowd of people watching a group of motorcyclists riding double-file.", "multiple motorcycles in a city street with people.", "Many motorcycle officers are riding down the street in a procession. ", "a policeman on motorcycle stopped, talking to people."]
["A kitchen with lots of dishes and appliances next to cooking utensils.", "A black and white photo of a sink and stovetop.", "A kitchen with a sink, oven and dishes.", "There is a sink and a stove inside the kitchen.", "a black and white picture of a kitchen "]
["Some food is sitting on a stove top in a kitchen area.", "a stove in a kitchen with food on it", "Grill and deep frying vat cooking food in a restaurant kitchen.", "A messy kitchen area preparing ground beef and frying food.", "A restaurant kitchen with meat on the grill."]
["A young man sitting on the windowsill of a store front talking on his phone.", "Man sitting in cement niche on cell phone near building. ", "A man is sitting on a store ledge talking on the phone", "A man on his cell phone at a shop's window", "A teenager sitting in front of a store window talking on a cell phone.,"]
["A man is holding a pillow up as shade from the sun.", "A man covering his face with a white object surrounded by several people.", "A man is standing with a pillow over his head.", "A man holding a pillow to block out the sun. ", "A group of people are standing on a sidewalk."]
["A kitchen with a washing machine under the counter", "A kitchen filled with appliances and a washer.", "an image of a kitchen setting with washing machine installed", "A kitchen with a chandelier and a washing machine...", "The small kitchen has wood cabinets and a dish washer."]
["A large kitchen with a center island surrounded by stools.", "An open kitchen with an oval island in the middle", "A kitchen that includes an island counter and various appliances.", "The large kitchen has an island in the middle of it.", "A kitchen has an island in the center."]
["A violet table in the middle of a white themed kitchen", "A kitchen with a purple island in the center.", "A kitchen with a wooden floor and a round island", "A circular island is standing in the middle of a kitchen.", "A lovely appointed kitchen area with oval shaped island"]
["some people on some grass playing frisbee and trees", "A group of people playing with a Frisbee in a park.", "a group of people playing frisbee outside in grass.", "Three teenagers are throwing a frisbee back and forth in a field.", "A group of people standing on top of a field playing a game of frisbee."]
["A woman and her dog taking a walk down a path in the woods.", "an image of  a woman walking a dog in the woods", "A woman in white shirt walking a dog in forest.", "a lady walking down a dirt path in the wood with a dog", "A woman walking a dog through the woods."]
["A dinning room table sitting next to a small fireplace.", "Dining table for six in a wood paneled room with a fireplace.", "A small table with some chairs inside a dining room.", "A table is set and a fireplace is lit.", "A table with chairs and a fireplace in a house."]
["A metal sink next to a white top oven ", "a kitchen with a stove and a sink", "This image is of a kitchen sink and oven.", "View of a stove next to a stainless kitchen sink under a window.", "There is a window directly above the kitchen sink."]
["A woman, man, and a dog standing in the snow. ", "These people are walking a dog in the snow. ", "Two people are walking the dog through the snow.", "A mand and a woman walking their dog in the snow down a hill.", "A man and a woman walking in the snow with a dog. "]
["A kitchen decorated in red and white with accessories.", "A compartment with a sink, ovens and a fridge", "A kitchen filled with lots of red appliances.", "The red appliances in this toy kitchen stand out in the picture.", "A picture of someones modern black and red kitchen."]
["a couple of chairs that are at a table", "Modern kitchenette with stainless steel appliances and black cabinets.", "Kitchen with stove, microwave oven, cabinets and counter with chairs. ", "a litchen with black cabinet doors and chairs ", "a couple of chairs are around a table"]
["A kitchen filled with dishes and appliances with lots of cupboards..", "A kitchen scene is shown with appliances and counters.", "A kitchen with dark cabinets and stainless steel appliances.", "Lovely , clean dark set kitchen displayn newly remodeled.", "a kitchen with black cupboards and a silver stove"]
["A picture of a very nice kitchen that is white.", "A small residential kitchen with white cabinets and appliances.", "A kitchen filled with a white stove top oven.", "A kitchen scene complete with a fridge and an oven.", "A dated kitchen reveals a wall hung faucet under a closed off window."]
["A sink and counter in a small kitchen.", "THERE IS A KITCHEN WITH A SINK AND CABINETS ", "Kitchen with unpainted wood ceiling beams and wood-topped counters.", "An ornate kitchen is designed with rustic wooden parts.", "A bright kitchen with tan and blue cabinets."]
["A group of kids in helmets on skateboards.", "A group of children on skateboards in exactly the same pose.", "Toys are displayed skateboarding on an empty sidewalk.", "A small child in a helmet skateboarding on concrete", "Kids in helmets are outside on a skateboard."]
["A man in white swim trunks preparing to go in the water.", "A MAN SURF BOARDING IN THE OCEAN WATER ", "A man skim boarding on the beach in the sun", "a man riding a boogie board on the water", "a man gliding across the water in the surf at the beach"]
["A large kitchen with an  island surrounded by stools.", "A real estate photo shows a kitchen with breakfast nook.", "A kitchen features two tables and chairs and white interior cabinets and white shudders.", "An open, furnished kitchen with dining room table", "This kitchen has wooden ceilings and two tables"]
["A kitchen with granite counter tops and a large oven.", "A high end home kitchen with an island and two ranges.", "A kitchen with double ovens and ranges, hanging pots and pans and several decor items.", "A kitchen with two ovens and a floral rug on the floor. ", "A clean kitchen with a double stove and vent"]
["a person carrying their surfboard while walking along a beach", "a person holding a surf board on a beach ", "A man carrying a surfboard across the sand", "someone walking with a surfboard on some sand", "A person is holding a surfboard on a beach."]
["A aerial photo showing a tennis player ready to serve the ball.", "A man stands on the outer edge of a tennis court.", "A man is playing tennis on a tennis court. ", "A man holding a tennis racquet while standing on a tennis court.", "An overhead view of a man about to serve a tennis ball at a tennis court."]
["a man leaping into the air and holding a tennis racket", "A tennis player jumps to return a ball.", "A man holding a tennis racket jumping in the air.", "A male tennis player jumps as he serves.", "A man taking a swing at a tennis ball"]
["a rustic kitchen with lots of stonework and wood accents", "A woman standing in a kitchen next to a kitchen sink.", "We are looking at a kitchen area of a very old home.", "a kitchen area filled with pictures, bottles and utensils ", "a kitchen under the stairs with a person in it"]
["a kitchen next to a wood floored living area", "A kitchen with a stove top oven under a microwave.", "This is a kitchen in a modern house.", "The kitchen has a silver refrigerator, stove, and microwave.", "The kitchen has all of the latest appliances."]
["A woman opening up the refrigerator looking for something.", "Adult woman looking into open refrigerator in kitchen.", "The woman is out in the kitchen looking for something. ", "Young woman opening her refrigerator door in the evening.", "A woman that is looking inside of a refrigerator."]
["A person is driving a speedboat quickly through the water.", "This man is driving a speedboat across the water", "A MAN DRIVING A BOAT IN THE OCEAN WATER ", "A black and white speed boat in the water", "A boat traveling down an open body of water."]
["A kitchen with wooden cabinets and a fridge", "Kitchen scene showing shiny tile floor and lots of wood cabinets.", "A kitchen area with sink, refrigerator and stove.", "Well designed kitchen area with cabinets and tiled floor.", "a kitchen with brown cupboards and a tile floor "]
["A clock mounted on a wall over the doorway of a kitchen.", "A kitchen with an old fashioned stove and a stainless steel fridge.", "A kitchen with old fashioned appliances and decorations.", "Wood finished traditional kitchen with modern refrigerator but classic stove.", "OLD FASHIONED LOOKING KITCHEN WITH A FEW UPDATED APPLIANCES"]
["This kitchen has a blue sink with many plants hanging around", "A kitchen counter with a dishwasher and a sink.", "A view of a kitchen with dishwasher, blue sink and cabinetry.", "A kitchen with a blue sink and oak cabinets", "Kitchen scene, grey counter top on one side, whitish on the other and black sink with long neck faucet."]
["A woman standing next to a man in a kitchen.", "A man and woman are preparing food using an old stove.", "a black and white picture of a man and a woman in the bathroom", "A boy and a girl are cooking in a kitchen. ", "A smiling man and a lady standing in a kitchen."]
["A man standing next to a woman in a room.", "A couple of people are standing and talking", "A few people standing in the kitchen as a restaurant.", "Three people standing and having a conversation inside a room.", "A group of people stand in a circle talking."]
["People crossing the street at a busy intersection", "A busy city street with people walking across it.", "Pedestrians walk across a busy city street on a crosswalk.", "a crosswalk in an urban area of an asian city", "A picture of the street with cars and pedestrians. "]
["A photograph of a kitchen inside a house.", "This is an apartment kitchen with white cabinets and appliances.", "A shot of a kitchen with a microwave, sink, dishwasher, and refrigerator. ", "A kitchen with a refrigerator, microwave, dishwasher and sink.", "A kitchen with a sink, dishwasher, microwave and refrigerator."]
["A man holding a baby up in a kitchen.", "a man is holding up a baby while he is in the kitchen", "A person holding a baby while standing in a kitchen.", "A broad panorama of several people getting together.\n", "There is a man holding up a baby in the kitchen."]
["A woman cooking with a large white bot and a cooking board with meat in it in a small kitchen.", "A woman preparing food for cooking in her kitchen.", "A woman in a kitchen preparing a meal.", "an image of a woman in the kitchen cooking", "A woman is preparing a meal in a large pot on the stove."]
["A sink with cups and towel next to it", "Three mugs and a wash cloth are near a steel sink.", "A metal sink sitting next to a rack on a kitchen.", "A sink with some dishes to the side", "A sink with a metal rack and mugs on it. "]
["A white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a wall.", "View of a yellowish bathroom with stains on floor.", "A toilet is in a bathroom with beige tiles as a white shelf sits inside the shower.", "A bathroom with a open shower and toilet.", "a bathroom with a stain on the floor"]
["A person sits next to their bike while birds walk nearby.", "A man sits on a curb with his bicycle", "A black and whit photo of a woman sitting hear her bike.", "a person sitting next to a bicycle while watching pigeons on a sidewalk.", "a person sitting on a ledge with a bike near by"]
["A cat laying next to a bike with a large tire.", "a couple of wheels are next to each other outside", "A cat sitting next to a bicycle wheel looking through the spokes. ", "A view of a cat reclining seen through the spokes of bicycle tires", "Two spoke tires with white walls are parked."]
["there is a cat sitting on a table next to a bike wheel ", "A cat sitting on top of a table next to a wheel.", "A cat sits between a lamp and a bicycle wheel.", "A black cat, bicycle and backpack on the table", "A cat sits atop a night stand next to a bike."]
["A cat sniffing an upside down blue bicycle.", "A cat checking out a bike that is upside down.", "A cat sniffing at a upside down bike in a living room ", "A grey cat sniffing a bicycle in a living room.", "A gray cat is looking at an upside down blue bicycle."]
["A large bathroom with a row of white sinks in it", "A mirror which has two sinks in front of it. ", "A bathroom that has square sinks and a long mirror.", "A bathroom that has raised sinks with a black counter top.", "a bathroom with sinks on a long counter and a long mirror "]
["A large fount sitting in the middle of a city.", "An area of a city that has a large fountain in it.", "a large building, leafless trees and a fountain", "A black and fry picture of a town", "A FOUNTAIN IN A ROUNDABOUT WITH PEOPLE PASSING BY"]
["A bike parked on top of a cement floor.", "A grey-scale photograph of a rear bicycle tire lifted for repair. ", "a bike that is upside down getting fixed", "A bicycle parked on a pavement being repaired", "A bicycle wheel is on a couple of stands"]
["a man stands next to a bunch of parked bike ", "A man in biking gear standing next to a line of bicycles.", "Adult man standing with bicycle at outdoor event.", "Bicycle rider in black and orange outfit standing next to his bicycle. ", "The man is standing with his bike in the street."]
["A long marble sink in a public restroom", "A coffeepot sits on the sink in a public restroom.", "A marble counter top with two sinks under a mirror.", "A bathroom with two sinks and a toilet. ", "A public men's restroom with a double sink and urinal stalls."]
["A man standing next to a bike inside of a building.", "A man is standing on a platform with his bicycle dressed in a jersey and bike shorts with two women at a table behind him. ", "A man wearing biking apparel standing inside a building with his bike.", "A man speaking into a microphone on a stage with a bicycle and dressed in cyclist gear.", "Man in cycling clothes drinking beside his bicycle. "]
["A woman is seen in the mirror drying her hair.", "A woman blow drying her hair in front of a mirror.", "A woman looks in a mirror while blow drying her neck.", "The woman with short hair is drying and styling her hair.", "A woman looking in a mirror and blow-drying her hair. "]
["People standing on beach with kites and bicycles with cloudy sky", "A couple of women standing next to a  bike on a beach.", "Some people on a sandy beach with a bike.", "A woman on a beach by bags and a bicycle.", "Women at the beach with many children and kites."]
["a bath room with a toilet a sink and a bath tub", "A white bathroom sink, white toilet and tub", "a bath room with a sink and a toilet in it.", "This bathroom has a toilet, sink, and bathtub.", "A bathroom that shows a shower area, toilet, and sink."]
["A bathroom with a toilet, sink and trashcan in it.", "A white bathroom with a toilet and sink.", "A sink, toilet, and cabinet in a bathroom", "a skinny bathroom with a toilet and a sink", "A bathroom with a toilet and sink inside."]
["A bicycle carries a cake from Dairy Queen on its back.", "A cake on the back of a locked-up bicycle.", "A frosted birthday cake balances on the seat of a green bicycle.", "A birthday cake sitting in the back of a green bike.", "a bike is parked next to a pole with a cake in the back "]
["A bathroom with a traditional toilet next to a floor toilet.", "A squat toilet and a Western toilet are next to each other.", "Mans bathroom with two visible fixtures, trash basket and plunger in sight.", "A toilet stall, complete with two clean toilets.", "A bathroom with an odd toilette next to a normal toilette."]
["A blue love seat sitting on a trailer attached to a bike.", "A bicycle with a couch attached to it ", "Blue couch being pulled by a small bicycle by the street. ", "A couch on a trailer being pulled by a bike.", "A couch on a trailer hooked to a bicycle."]
["A tall brick building with a bike parked in front of it.", "an  image of a bike sitting next to the building", "A large brick building with a small clock on it", "A worn brick building has a clock and crucifix hung on the side of it.", "A tall brick building with a crucifix on the side."]
["a bathroom with two sinks and a mirror ", "Two bathroom sinks sitting underneath a mirror in a bathroom.", "A somewhat blurry image of a couple of sinks below the mirror. ", "A two sinks with a mirror above, in a public restroom.", "A pair of sinks are situated next to each other."]
["A sink under a large mirror in a bathroom.", "The bathroom has a large mirror above the sink.", "A sink with toiletries and a mirror next to it.", "This bathroom has a ver large mirror and granite top", "A bathroom area features a white sink, towel and granite counter."]
["A toilet in front of a window, and next to the shower are shown", "A white toilet sitting under a bathroom window.", "A bathroom with a toilet, candles and a tub.", "Inside a restroom with toilet along side of wall and shower on other side.", "a bathroom with a toilet and shower inside of it "]
["A room with blue walls and a white sink and door.", "Blue and white color scheme in a small bathroom.", "This is a blue and white bathroom with a wall sink and a lifesaver on the wall.", "A blue boat themed bathroom with a life preserver on the wall", "A bathroom with walls that are painted baby blue."]
["A room with white walls and bright lights.", "A room in a residential house for relaxing and fun. \n", "A bedroom scene with focus on the window with the bed in the reflection.", "A light handing from the side of a wall.", "A room with a bed, phone handset and lights "]
["An elaborate contraption on a water faucet for a bathtub.", "Bath tub with metal shower head, vanity mirror, and small utilities compartment. ", "a bath tub with a flexible shower head ", "a fancy shower and faucet attachment and a white tub", "An intricate shower handle in a bathtub. "]
["A toilet in a bathroom next to a window and toilet paper dispenser.", "A washroom with a clean toilet and tub.", "A bathroom has white tile, a toilet, and a window in it.", "An open door shows the inside of a bathroom.  ", "a small bathroom photo with a tiny window"]
["A bathroom with outdated fixtures and a clothes hamper in the middle of the floor.", "a bath room with a trash can next to the tolit. ", "A bathroom with sink, toilet, and tub ", "a bathroom with a littlt tub and a clothes hamper by the toilet", "A small bathroom with a tub, toilet, sink, and a laundry basket are shown."]
["a person standing on a city sidewalk holding a dog leash", "Some people gathered on the street and a dog on  a leash.", "dog patiently lays on the ground while his owner is chatting with another man", "A man talks to another as he walks his dog", "A man with his dog on a leash talking to another man"]
["A dirty bathroom with paper and dirt covering the floor.", "A very filthy bathroom with a broken stool and a toilet. ", "a photo of a dirty bathroom with a toilet and a stool", "A white toilet in a bathroom on a red tiled floor.", "A messy bathroom with toilet paper thrown everywhere."]
["A sink under a mirror next to a door way.", "A sink with two faucets with a mirror behind it.", "A mirror hangs above a white sink that has personal hygiene products on it. ", "A sink and mirror placed against a white wall.", "This bathroom has two mirrors  and a large sink"]
["An intersection with cars is pictured in this image.", "A city street filled with lots of traffic.", "An intersection is shown on a cloudy day.", "Several cars drive down the road on a cloudy day.", "A road with cars, stoplights and power lines strung across."]
["A bathroom that has a microphone and amplifier in it.", "A bathroom with a toilet and an item on top of it. ", "A microphone and amipifier are set up in a bathroom", "An amplifier sits on top of a toilet with a microphone.", "A white toilet and a amp in a room."]
["A toilet in a bathroom next to a amp.", "Two toilets in bathroom with various equipment and cords surrounding it.", "Bathroom crowed with speakers, a mic, and recording equipment", "A bathroom with toilets and sound recording equipment.", "Speakers sit on top of two toilets in the bathroom."]
["A bathroom with four urinals and a drain on the floor. ", "A public men's restroom with urinals and a changing table.", "Urinals on a wall in a large bathroom ", "A wall of four urinals are hanging on a wall with a marble floor that has a drain.", "A male bathroom with four urinals on the wall."]
["A small bathroom with a toilet and a sink.", "A toilet and sink near a window in a bathroom.", "A white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a sink.", "a blue tissue box on a white toilet", "a small bathroom with floral wallpaper and a full trash bin "]
["This bathroom features a marble top vanity with double sinks.", "A DOUBLE BATHROOM SINK WITH GRANITE COUNTER TOP", "A bathroom with two sinks and a mirror.", "The dual sink counter of the bathroom has a flower vase on it.", "A marble counter top with an inlaid sink."]
["A bathroom with a white toilet next to a walk in shower.", "A narrow view of a very nice modern bath room.", "A bathroom with a vanity, toilet and a large glass shower.", "A shower, toilet, and sink in a bathroom.", "A bathroom that is brown with toilet and toilet paper on counter."]
["A white toilet and a sink in a bathroom.", "White tiled shower in white walled bathroom in home.", "A residential bathroom with the shower over the tub", "An attractive bathroom with the shower area tiled with white tile and a black mosaic stripe.", "a bathroom with a towel draped across the bathtub, a toilet,sink and mirror"]
["Two sings that are in a bathroom underneath a mirror.", "The bathroom has two bathroom sink basins near a shower stall. ", "a room with a sink an some drawers painted blue", "A bathroom with a clear shower and a double vanity", "A couple of bathroom sinks sitting under a bathroom mirror."]
["A man is in a car holding a black cat.", "A man with glasses wearing a hat holds a black cat.", "a close up of a person holding a cat in a car", "A man sits in a car holding his cat", "A man wearing glasses in a car holding a cat."]
["A dog sitting in the passenger seat of a car.", "A dog pokes his head up in the window of a white car.", "A dog looking out a window of a car.", "A dog sitting in the passenger seat of a car. ", "A dog peeking out of a car's window."]
["A man riding on the back of a brown horse in front of a truck.", "A woman riding a horse in front of a car next to a fence. ", "The woman rides on a horse walks in front of the car.", "Lady on horse in front of barbed wire fence", "A woman riding a horse in front of a fence with razor wire"]
["A man walking behind a row of parked cars holding an umbrella.", "It is a good thing he has his umbrella while walking in the parking lot.", "A solitary man walks through a crowded parking lot with his striped umbrella.", "A man holding a white and black umbrella in a large parking lot.", "A man with an umbrella walks along a row of cars. "]
["A restroom with three stalls with three toilets.", "A white tiled bathroom with walls dividing the toilets", "an image of a public bathroom stall that's dirty", "A white bathroom with a number of stalls", "A bathroom that has a couple of toilets, but no stall door for them."]
["a kite with a long tail some people and a black truck", "A large kite flying over a desert-like setting.", "The people fly the kite and other people sit and watch.", "A car flying a kite in the dessert with moutains in the background.", "A large kite is being flown in a cloudy sky."]
["A red and green walled bathroom with a toilet.", "A bathroom scene with focus on the toilet and the paper holder.", "A bathroom that has red painted wooden walls and a white toilet.", "A bathroom containing red walls trimmed in green and a white toilet. ", "A white toilet and tissue in a room."]
["A toilet seat with a fake foam butt on top of it.", "A stuffed animal laying on a toilet with it's head in the bowl.", "a domo laying on a toilet seat looking like its throwing up ", "A stuffed animal with its head stuck in a toilet.", "A  stuffed animal pushed into a toilet."]
["some cars on a ferry on a body of water", "a small ferry with some car on it in the water", "A ferry boat has several cars going over the water.", "Cars and a van sitting on a ferry as it travels across a river.", "Cars are transported on a boat across a body of water."]
["A unique restroom is seen in this image.", "The view of a restroom toilet near a kitchen.", "The view of a very small bathroom next to a small kitchen.", "this is a bathroom inside of a train", "A toilet near a kitchen area with the door open"]
["A man with oil changing items next to a motorcycle.", "A man is walking near a sports bike", "A man walking beside his parked motorcycle on a mountain side road.", "Man in gray shirt and sandals walking is street in front of red and black motorcycle.", "A man walks by a motorcycle and all of the items left by the motorcyclist."]
["A van is traveling through a green light of an intersection. ", "A picture of a panel van going through a busy intersection in a small town.", "A white van is driving down the street on a rainy day.", "A white van goes through an intersection on a green light.", "A van moves through an intersection on an empty road. "]
["The man is wearing orange and black shoes.", "A man has yellow tennis shoes with orange laces.", "A person in a pair of gray pants and orange tennis shoes.", "a photo of a person wearing pants and orange shoes", "A person with orange and blue sneakers stands ona brick floor."]
["A person standing in a bathroom next to a white toilet.", "Small personal bathroom with a tiny entrance door.", "Jeans and shoes are being reflected in a small bathroom mirror.", "A man in a bathroom on an airplane.", "A person's reflection in the mirror of a small bathroom."]
["a spoon with some foam and a tomato sitting in it ", "A white plate with a napkin and a spoon with a tomato and frothy liquid on it.", "A spoon with a foamy cherry tomato on it.", "a spoon is holding a tomato on the plate", "A spoon with a tomato and a pool of liquid."]
["A white toilet sitting next to a red counter with a  sink.", "A bathroom is decorated in red and neutrals with a bowl sink. ", "A bathroom has a toilet and a bowl sink.", "A dimly-lit bathroom, with a toilet and sink.", "A view of a sink and toilet in a bathroom in the dark."]
["A water-stained cathedral/clock-tower enveloped by various green vines.", "A tall clock tower next to a  small building.", "The tower of the old building has a clock displayed. ", "A very old building with a clock in the tower. ", "A clock is embedded in the tower of a building."]
["There is a urinal and trash can inside a small room. ", "An Asian bathroom with a squater Toliet.  ", "Bathroom stall with an East Asian squat toilet.", "A urinal is in a bathroom near a trash can.", "A restroom with a urinal and a trash can."]
["Two people are cutting into a cake at a celebration.", "A bride and groom are about to cut their wedding cake. ", "a bride and groom cutting their wedding cake", "A man and woman standing in front of a large cake.", "a married couple cut into a wedding cake "]
["People behind a barricade watch a man ride a motorcycle.", "Motorbike riders on the road as people watch on the sidewalks", "some people watching some motorcycle riders and buildings", "A smiling woman riding a motorcycle down a street while a large crowd looks on.", "A person riding a motorcycle down the street with groups of people behind a fenced area."]
["A cat sits curiously perched in an empty cup", "A cat sits in a bowl on top of a table", "Cat sitting in small bowl on wood flooring indoors.", "A cat is sitting on a table in a bowl", "a little cat that is sitting in a bowl"]
["a cat laying on the floor next to a fish bowl", "A cat lying on carpet next to a fishbowl.", "A cat sitting next to an empty fish bowl.", "A brown and black cat is sitting on a floor next to a fish bowl.", "A cat is laying on a floor next to a fishbowl. "]
["A person holding a computer mouse next to a keyboard.", "a man typing on a desk top computer at a desk ", "A person is sitting at a computer using a computer mouse.", "A picture of someones hand guiding a computer mouse.", "Person's hand on the mouse while using computer"]
["a close up of a cat on a desk near a sandwich ", "A small kitchen sniffing at a sandwich on a desk", "A kitten on a desk with an open sandwich and apple.", "A cat is on a table next to a sandwich and an apple.", "A cat sniffing a sandwich by an apple and a phone."]
["A motorcycle parked on the side of a grassy field.", "A black motorcycle is parked in the grass.", "A black motorcycle alone in an open area.", "A black racing motorcycle with a bag and a helmet on it.", "A black motorcycle is perched up on a grassy hillside. "]
["This is a colander with green apples in it.", "An orange metal bowl strainer filled with apples", "Apples sitting in colander bowl near kitchen sink. ", "An orange colander filled with green apples on a kitchen counter.", "A group of green apples in an orange bowl. "]
["A computer desk topped with a computer and two monitors.", "A desk with two computers next to each other.", "A desk with computers, monitors, keyboards and computer mice.", "a metal desk with two computers side by side", "A desk with one computer on each side of it."]
["A group of people standing behind a blue table topped with sheet cakes.", "Some military personnel and chefs standing by a table displaying three large cakes in a food court.", "a large group of military people with hats and ties", "A table with two cakes and a tray of cupcakes with six people standing behind the table.", "Soldiers pose with pastry chefs with their cake creations."]
["A group of chefs displaying a large airplane cake.", "A few men in uniform standing around an display.", "there are three sailors that are standing besides a cake", "A group of people posing with festive items.", "A group of Navy cooks standing around a giant cake."]
["A photograph is against a wall near a door, a plant, and a clock.", "A clock hanging on a wall in a room.", "A wall has a clock and a photograph hanging on it.", "A black and white photograph is posted to a wall.", "A white wall with clock at top of the door."]
["Atv parked alongside rural roadway with trees lining landscape.", "A motorcycle that is sitting in the grass.", "A motorcycle parked on the side of a road.", "A motorcycle parked on the side of a road near a sign.", "A motorcycle is parked on the side of the road near the grass and a sign for a forest."]
["There are some dirt bike riders taking a sharp turn", "Dirt bikers racing around a corner on the track", "Motor bike racers race each other around a track.", "Dirt bike racers rounding a corner on a track with orange barriers", "Three people on motorbikes racing around a track."]
["A man riding a dirt bike up the side of a mountain.", "a man on a dirt bike is going up hill", "A man with a helmet on riding a bike up a hill. ", "A hill climb is a difficult feat, even for an experienced rider.", "The man is riding up a hill on a motorcycle. "]
["Some motorcyclists getting off their street bikes at a gathering", "The bikers congregate on the small paved road.", "A lot of motorcycle people that are on the road.", "A group of multi-colord motorcycles parked on the street", "A group of bikers sitting in the middle of a road."]
["Two motorbikes outside of a glass window with a bike next to them.", "Two motorcycles and a bicycle parked against a sliding door. ", "THREE MOTORCYCLES PARKED OUTSIDE OF A STORE FRONT.", "Two motorcycles parked outside a building on a busy street.", "two motorcycles and a bicycle and some windows"]
["A red fire hydrant mounted to the side of a building.", "A red wheel and nozzle sticks out from a pipe near a wall.", "A red valve attached to a silver pipe.", "An access point and shutoff valve on a pipe.  ", "The pipe has a valve that is red to turn the water on."]
["A very large bridge spanning over the width of a river.", "A city on the waters edge with multiple bridges.", "The Arial view of this city shows many tall buildings. ", "Water that has a bridge with cars driving across it and in the background are buildings.", "Traffic is moving in both directions on a bridge."]
["A stuffed bear is sitting next to a computer monitor.", "A teddy bear sitting on a keyboard, facing a monitor with dead fish on it.", "A teddy bear is looking at fishes on the computer monitor", "a little teddy bear sitting on a keyboard while looking at the monitor ", "A stuffed bed sits on the computer keyboard in front of a monitor."]
["A british airways passenger jet in the sky.", "A British Airways plane is going through the air.", "Jet airplane in flight landing gear extended down", "a commercial passenger get with its landing gear down", "A British Airways passenger jet is coming in for a landing."]
["Several planes lined up on the tarmac at the airport.", "Planes lined up on tarmac with landing gear in sunny day", "A row of airplanes go down the runway. ", "Several different white planes all lined up in a row.", "A long line of airplanes riding down a runway."]
["We are looking up at the underside of an airplane.", "An airplane in flight during the day with clear skies.", "A view of the underside of a flying plane.", "A jet in the air contains a red light on its belly.", "An airplane flying in a clear blue sky."]
["Passenger air planes parked at an airport, overcast weather.", "Plane with a shamrock painted on it's tail parked by other planes. ", "A line of airplanes are parked in a row at the airport.", "A line of jetliners parked next to each other at an airport.", "A row of airplanes and one has a clover on it."]
["Several men standing outside of small airplane with man retrieving luggage from cart.", "Tourists getting their luggage after a light aircraft ride", "A group of men loading luggage into a plane.", "A group of men standing underneath an airplane wing.", "a bunch of people walking off a small plane "]
["Looking out a large glass window to activity on the tarmac at an airport", "We are looking out the window at a large air craft.", "Large commercial airliner on ramp near gate at airport.", "A large jetliner sitting on top of an airport tarmac.", "A United airplane pulls up to a gate."]
["A small airplane flying through the clear blue sky.", "A small air plane flying across the bright blue sky.", "The plane is flying high in the blue sky.", "A private airplane is flying in the sky.", "A small private plane flies in the bright blue sky."]
["A herd of sheep grazing in a pasture.", "A group of sheep graze in a grassy field.", "There are 4 sheep grazing in a field. ", "A herd of sheep standing on a lush green hillside.", "four white sheep on a small hill grass and trees"]
["Sheep grazing on grasses on mound on nice day.", "Three adult sheep are standing on the grassy hill.", "Three sheep standing on a large grassy hill.", "Several sheep standing on a hill while grazing.", "Three goats standing around on top of a hill."]
["A giraffe standing inside of a cage near a building.", "A lone giraffe standing in a fenced enclosure.", "a giraffe walking behind a fence near a building", "A giraffe is in a small enclosure with tall wire fences.", "There is a giraffe inside a fenced in enclosure."]
["A couple of animals that are near the rocks.", "A group of giraffes and zebras in a rocked in area. ", "a couple of giraffes and a small zebra", "A group of giraffe standing by a stone wall.", "A couple of giraffe standing next to a zebra near a rock wall."]
["A large passenger jet sits parked at an airport.", "A large jet airplane parked at an airport.", "a big white plane that is on a runway", "We are looking at a large air craft setting on the ground.", "a large air plane on a run way"]
["a traffic light hanging over a city street ", "there is snow on the ground and the light are red.", "A snowy day at a intersection with all red lights. ", "a street light sitting above some train tracks ", "Roadway intersection next to railroad crossing in urban area."]
["A wooden bench sitting in front of a park.", "A wooden bench with grass and a beach behind it.", "a wooden bench and some tall grass behind it", "A bench at the roadside near the sea shore.", "An empty wooden bench near a large body of water."]
["A airplane that is sitting on a runway terminal.", "Looking out the window of an airport, an airplane is seen.", "A large jetliner sitting on top of an airport tarmac.", "An view through a window of an airplane parked at an airport.", "The view from an airport window shows a parked airplane near a terminal gate."]
["Three men in military suits are sitting on a bench,", "Three persons with military attire seated on a bench", "Three young men in decorated uniforms sit on a bench together.", "a few guys sit next to each other on a bench ", "Three young men sitting on a bench wearing dress formals."]
["A wooden park bench siting next to a  park.", "A park bench with ice and snow under it.", "A big empty wooden bench by a street sign.", "A park bench sits on a path near runners", "Park bench next to pathway with young children walking nearby."]
["Two big giraffes walking in a grassy area with a baby giraffe. ", "Three giraffes including a baby giraffe step through the brown grass.", "three giraffes at the orphanage with many trees", "Three giraffes of three heights standing near each other all looking at camera, in tall grass with shrubs and trees behind.", "Two large giraffes and a small giraffe standing in tall grass. "]
["a traffic light with all green lights over a street.", "The street's traffic lights have all turned green.", "Bright green traffic lights at intersection at night.", "A night scene of an empty street illuminated by many street lights.", "Three green lights are displayed on the road."]
["A giraffe and a zebra stand on a concrete area near rocks.", "Looking down at a giraffe and a zebra and their shadows", "A giraffe and zebra are standing next to each other.", "A giraffe and zebra standing on sand in a zoo exhibit.", "A giraffe and a zebra in a dirt field."]
["A woman and a man standing next to a bush bench.", "Some people are standing on the sidewalk next to a bench.", "A woman drinking water and a man with a backpack stand by a city bench.", "A picture of three people standing around a bench.", "People standing around a bench on a city sidewalk."]
["A man standing next to a dog near a sheep penn.", "a man is preparing to herd a flock of sheep", "Man standing near a pen full of sheep while the dog looks on.", "A herd of sheep that was herded together by a dog", "Man holding back dog while sheep are held in a holding area. "]
["A fleet of red and blue planes with a Canadien logo.", "A row of parked jets sitting on top of a runway.", "very many small planes on a line in an airport", "A bunch of airplanes all lined up in a row ", "Several small airplanes lined up at an airport."]
["Two sheep are standing side by side behind a fence.", "A picture of two sheep standing in a pasture.", "A couple of sheep standing in a field.", "Two sheep look at the camera in a fenced field.", "A group of animals that are outside in the grass."]
["The city is filled with one way streets.", "A block of mixed industrial of a downtown portion of a city.", "An SUV driving down a down town city street.", "A car stopped at an intersection in a small city.", "a city street with buildings and a sky background"]
["A bunch of birds sitting on a traffic light.", "A view of a building from the street level. There are birds sitting on a pole.", "A row of birds perched on a traffic light structure between two buildings.", "The stop light reads green, and there are two huge buildings in the back.", "The traffic light turned green for a car to go"]
["A traffic light next to another set of traffic lights.", "A yellow traffic light for on coming traffic.", "Changing traffic light on the side of an intersection. ", "a yellow traffic signal on a city street", "A photograph of a road with traffic lights hanging above."]
["a large airplane flying over a building with people walking below", "some buses green yellow red white and blue colors", "A plane flying over buses and other transportation services.", "A plane flying above a building in the city.", "A plane flying over a street with buses parked along it."]
["Black and white picture with a stop light at tree line level.", "A black and white photo of a streetlight that is green.", "A black and white photo of the moon in the sky.", "A picture of a half moon, tree top, and stop light", "The traffic light is clearly visible for us to see. "]
["A traffic signal flashing red at dusk with a building behind it. ", "A traffic light sitting on the side of a dark road.", "Construction signs line the road as far as the eye can see.", "A red light at an intersection without any cars.", "a street with stop light thats on red"]
["A woman and a dog sit on a city bench in this black and white photograph.", "The old woman and her dog are sitting on the bench under a tree.", "a woman is sitting on a bench with a dog", "A woman is sitting on a bench with a dog.", "A woman with her dog are seated on a bench."]
["Two cars are waiting at a stop light.", "a car stopped at a traffic light on a city street", "A view of a car that is driving on the road.", "Black car sitting at a red light intersection.", "A photo taken from one vehicle of another at an intersection."]
["A city street filled with traffic next to tall buildings.", "A traffic light is green on a city street.", "a street with some large buildings beside it.", "Blurred view of an intersection and metro area.", "An empty intersection with several overhead street lights."]
["Three small items sit on an outside bench. ", "A couple of beer mugs sitting next to a lantern on a bench.", "An old green wood bench on a porch with a white railing.", "A blue bench with a lantern, and tankards is on a porch.", "The view through a window of a bench on the porch. "]
["Two sheep standing next to each other on a  field.", "Two lambs in a green field eating grass.", "Two sheep eating in an uneven grassy field.", "Two lambs eating grass in a open field.", "A close up of two baby lamps grazing in the green grass."]
["A street filled with traffic under a blue sky.", "The cars and trucks are all stopped at the traffic light.", "Cars wait at an intersection on a sunny day.", "Someone looking out their window at vehicles on the street. ", "A group of cars that are stopped at a traffic light. "]
["A banana sitting on top of a sidewalk near a street.", "A ripe banana on a small table near the edge of a city street.", "A very ripe looking banana sitting near a road.", "A banana sitting on a sidewalk next to a bus.", "A banana that is resting on top of something metal."]
["A car is traveling under a traffic light. ", "An intersection with a traffic signal with a car passing through it.", "Cross street with car in the middle and cars parked along sides of buildings.", "a car driving on a quiet street in a city", "An intersection with cars and buildings and a tree. "]
["A traffic light with car passing underneath on the road.", "A traffic light suspended over the top of a car.", "A signal point on a road with very light traffic.", "A street intersection with two traffic lights showing red.", "A car stopped at an intersection with a red traffic signal."]
["A city street going through the center of tall buildings.", "Looking down on the bustle of the main street of a town", "A couple of buses on a busy city street.", "Buses and other vehicles can be see on a city street.", "An areal view shows a town of buildings and car in a street. "]
["There is a car on a street and some traffic lights.", "A car driving down a street under traffic lights.", "A car waits patiently at a streetlight in a small town. ", "A white car at intersection of two roads.", "Several stop lights are hanging on wires in the city."]
["The sheep are grazing in a herd in the field.", "A flock of sheep grazing in a green meadow on the edge of a forest.", "a group of sheep graze on some grass ", "One brown sheep stands next to many white sheep.", "There is a small herd of sheep grazing on the grassy field."]
["A herd of animals walking along a lush green field.", "a herd of grazing animals in an open field with trees in the background", "animals walking around a big space of land with a lot of greenery.", "A flock of animals stand out to graze in a green pasture.", "A grassy field with wildlife and lots of trees."]
["street lights on a city street with no one around", "Traffic lights on a city street at dusk.", "an intersection at night with street lights and signs ", "A green light on an empty suburban road.", "A green traffic light suspended over a street."]
["a green light over a street at an intersection", "A green traffic light at an intersection at night time.", "The street light is red on one side and green on the other. ", "A car is going through a green light at dusk. ", "This is a picture of street lights at night."]
["a vintage photo of some people waiting for a bus ", "Several people standing on a curb near a bus.", "A black and white photo of people waiting for a bus.", "A group of people waiting at a stop for a bus", "a group of people that are standing in a field"]
["Some street lights are hanging at an intersection.", "A traffic light handing over a city street.", "small city street scene with traffic signals at intersection.", "A traffic light currently is it red in the town. ", "A truck that is driving under a stoplight."]
["an image of a street scene with traffic lights", "The stop light turned red and the cars stopped. ", "A large intersection that doesnt have much traffic ", "an intersection with traffic lights and many cars", "A traffic light hanging over a city street."]
["There are buses, bicycle riders, and Christmas lights on the street.", "a city street with bicyclists, double-decker buses, and many lights", "A couple red buses on a street with other people on bikes.", "A group of red double decker buses traveling down a street.", "Many red double-decker buses are driving down the street at night."]
["A woman is feeding a giraffe in a sandy plain. ", "Giraffe being fed by woman in tree grassy area", "A woman in a white wide brim hat feeding a giraffe from her hand.", "A woman feeding a giraffe food with her hand. ", "A young lady feeding a small giraffe by hand."]
["a number of animals in a field near some trees", "A few giraffe's, an antelope and some gazelle's grazing in a field.", "Three giraffe near some trees in the grass.", "Three giraffes and a water buffalo in a grassy area.", "Three giraffes and a rhino graze from trees"]
["A street view of on coming traffic underneath a street light.", "A busy street light in an Asian country.", " Traffic and a crosswalk on a city street", "A city filled with lots of traffic next to tall buildings.", "A bunch of cars drive their way down a old road"]
["A bus drives over a muddy road with trees on the side of it.", "A bus is moving down a shallow stream.", "A white bus on a narrow street in the woods. ", "A bus traveling down a road in a jungle.", "A bus stuck in the mud in muddy trail"]
["Small group with a folding table next to a decorative old bus.", "a bus parked in a field with a people standing outside", "Group of people sitting around a green passenger bus. ", "Bus modified to support a green hippie movement", "Several men and women gather near a parked bus."]
["A brown of wooden park benches sitting next to a lake.", " a view of people walking down a paved road beside water.", "People walking on a sidewalk next to a lake. ", "People walking in a distance along a beach with black park benches on the side.", "A park trail lined with park benches overlooking a lake."]
["A giraffe walking in a sandy enclosure ", "A giraffe standing on a dirt road near trees.", "a giraffe in its pen trees bushes and dirt", "a giraffe standing and walking near a forrest", "A giraffe at the zoo walking across his cage."]
["Two white vans of some sort parked near a mountain.", "A couple of buses parked in a open lot.", "A couple of buses parked next to each other.", "The two white vans are the only vehicles in the parking lot.", "Two white vans in parking lot with clouds and mountain in background."]
["Group of giraffes standing in a field eating and lounging. ", "Two giiraffes standing and one sitting in a field.", "One of the giraffe's is eating leaves from the treetop.", "Three giraffes appeared bored with having their pictures taken. ", "Two giraffes stand erect as a third rests in the pasture."]
["The wooden bench is near a busy stream.", "A bench sitting next to a lake and waterfall.", "A bench on the bank of a river flowing over a waterfall.", "A bench sits next to a waterfall with a pond.", "A wooden bench next to a flowing river."]
["A yellow fire hydrant with a wet paint sign.", "A FRESHLY PAINTED FIRE HYDRANT WITH A DEPICTING SIGN", "A fire hydrant that has a sign on it.", "a fire hydrant on a side walk near a street ", "A fire hydrant is standing by a city street."]
["A white bus parked on the side of a road.", "A transit bus side view as it sits in a parking area.", "A large bus is driving down the road.", "The bus is mainly white but has stripes of color on it as well.", "a white bus traveling on a paved street"]
["A yellow fire hydrant sitting on green grass wearing a white hat.", "A yellow fire hydrant on the grass with a hat on top.", "A close-up of a yellow fire hydrant with hat on top.", "A yellow fire hydrant wears a white hat.", "A yellow fire hydrant with a hat on top."]
["A green and blue bus stopped to discharge passengers.", "A bus full of people walking around on a cloudy day. ", "A green and blue bus driving past a forest.", "A tourist bus is parked in a tree-lined parking lot next to a radio tower. ", "Passengers exiting a colorful city bus at a bus stop."]
["A bus driving down the road near a church and traffic light.", "A bus travels down a road in a city. ", "A bus is going down a street by a stop light.", "A blue bus driving to the next bus stop", "A blue and white bus driving past a building down a street."]
["A bus drives through an intersection in a suburban area.", "There is a bus moving down the street.", "A different color bus driving down the street ", "A metro bus passing through an intersection on a quiet street", "An abandoned bus on the sid eof the rode"]
["A sheep in the snow with other sheep around him.", "a sheep looks at the camera after being sheared", "A bored looking sheep stands in some snow", "A shorn sheep surrounded by hay and snow.", "FOUR SHEEP IN AN ENCLOSURE WITH SNOW AROUND THEM"]
["There is some weeds growing by the fire hydrant on the side of the road.", "A fire hydrant in the middle of a cement circle", "A red fire hydrant in a curved area of sidewalk.", "a red fire hydrant is on a street curb", "A red fire hydrant with weeds around it next to a cement ball."]
["A transit bus making a turn into a garage of some sort.", "A bus turns into a lane with do not enter sign.", "A white bus is parked at the sidewalk.", "A bus is parked in a parking space.", "A bus driving into parking garage, with a do not enter sign in front of it."]
["A fire hydrant sitting in front of a group of flowers.", "A red fire hydrant is shown in the flowers.", "A red fire hydrant surrounded by yellow flowers and grass. ", "A little red fire hydrant near some pretty flowers.", "A red fire hydrant surrounded by yellow flowers."]
["A silver fire hydrant by a manmade path and lake", "there is a fire hydrant that is painted all silver", "A silver fire hydrant sitting next to a sidewalk.", "Silver painted fire hydrant  by the lake", "I have never seen a fire hydrant with multiple spouts."]
["A herd of sheep walking on top of a lush green field.", "A bunch of sheep that are standing in the grass.", "There are baby sheep and grown sheep in a field of grass. \n", "Sheep walking and grazing on green grass in open field.", "a bunch of sheep standing on some grass "]
["A bus all lite up inside and out with diffrent colors . ", "there is a city bus that is stopped at the sidewalk", "The city bus is pulled over on the side of the street.", "A bus is next to the curb at sunset.", "A bus parked on the side of the road. "]
["A giraffe grazing from tree with brick wall in background.", "Two giraffes that are eating leaves off a tree.", "Two giraffes eating leaves from a bunch of ranches hung up sidedown.", "two giraffes eating from a hanging down branch", "The giraffes share a bunch of green leaves."]
["A fire hydrant buried in a pile of snow next to a run down building.", "A fire hydrant is buried in the snow.", "A fire hydrant that is covered in snow.", "A view of a hire hydrant covered in now.", "The fire hydrant near a building is nearly covered by snow."]
["a group of people standing next to a wooden fence and looking at a giraffe", "THERE IS A MAN THAT IS NEAR A GIRAFFE", "a group of people look over a ledge at a giraffe ", "A giraffe is poking its head up to some people", "A man and two kids visit a giraffe at the zoo."]
["Man posing in front of a pair of giraffes in background.", "The man poses for a picture with the two giraffes.", "A man is leaning on a fence that's enclosing giraffes.", "A man poses for the camera with giraffes in the background.", "a man stands over an area with a couple of giraffes in it "]
["Three light sheep are grazing on grass in a ring and a dark sheep is eating by himself.", "Sheep having a meal in their small enlosure", "A group of sheet eat grass in a paddock.", "Four sheep eat grass and weeds in their pen.", "some sheep are eating in their wooden pen"]
["Three giraffes crossing dirt road into dry field", "The three giraffes are in a line as they walk through the grass. ", "Three giraffe are walking in a large dry field.", "Three giraffes crossing the road to reach the field ", "the giraffes are crossing the road in the dessert"]
["black kids lying on a bench posing on a photo", "Three black teens posing for a picture around a weathered gray wood park bench where they have written a message in sidewalk chalk that is contained in a red plastic bucket held by one of the girls.", "A group of girls leaning in for a picture by a bench.", "Black girls pose for a photo on a bench.", "Three students pose near a bench with writing on it."]
["A group of giraffe standing next to a forest with lots of trees.", "A group of giraffes are wondering through dead trees.", "Several giraffes are near a fallen tree on the grass.", "A family of giraffes hanging out together outside.", "Several giraffes that are standing together in a wooded area."]
["A woman on a cell phone running by a fire hydrant.", "A lady walking in the street near a red fire hydrant.", "There is a red fire hydrant on the sidewalk.", "A woman walking by a fire hydrant talking on a cell phone.", "A woman on a cell phone walks rapidly down a city street."]
["A large flock of birds flying over the ocean.", "A fishing boat docked on the shore being swarmed by seagulls. ", "A flock of seagulls flying around a boat on the beach.", "a flock of birds fly over the sea in front of a barge", "A flock of seagulls fly around an abandoned boat at the seashore."]
["A city bus driving on the street in the snow.", "A commuter bus driving throw snowy, slushy weather", "a city bus driving through downtown brooklyn in the snow", "A public transport bus driving down a street in the snow.", "a bus drives through a snow storm on a road "]
["A woman carrying shopping bags past a tall fire hydrant.", "There is a tall yellow and red fire hydrant amongst the weeds.", "a woman is carrying her bags by a very tall fire hydrant", "A lady with a big red bag is walking by the fire hydrant. ", "A woman that is holding two red bags standing in the street."]
["A man stands next to a bird on a rock.", "A large bird is standing on a rock with its wings spread while a man watched.", "A large bird flaps it's wings while standing on a rock.", "A man is standing next to a large bird on a rock. ", "a man out in a field with a large bird"]
["A couple of giraffe standing next to each other.", "Some very cute giraffes standing very close to each other.", "A closeup shot of two giraffes side by side.", "two giraffes standing beside each other but in opposite directons ", "Two giraffes going in different directions on a rocky terrain."]
["A herd of sheep standing next to each other on a field.", "A group of sheep are next to a fence.", "A group of sheep crowded together near a fence.", "Several sheep herding towards an outdoor pen on a county side.", "Black face sheep cluster together at a wooden gate"]
["Man in green jacket walking towards bus stop sign.", "A man is looking at a bus stop sign", "A person that is walking down the street.", "A man dressed in green reading a bus stop sign.", "A man walking on a sidewalk next to a bus stop"]
["A cruising camper is prepared for a paint job with its windows papered over.", "Large van with spotting and windows covered with newspaper.", "White bus with newspapers on the windows in a garage.", "A white van at the beginning stages of a new paint job to the color of beige ", "A rusted out van sitting in a garage."]
["a bus taped off so it can be painted", "A large white bus inside of a building.", "A van with newspaper covering the windows. ", "A bus is being primed for painting it.", "A white van covered in spray paint and newspaper."]
["That is a picture of an outside locale. \n", "the windows of mini van covered with some paper to protect it from some paint", "A bus with fresh paint and newspapers cover all the windows.", "A van with newspapers covering all its windows sits in a garage. ", "a blue and white bus is covered in newspaper"]
["a street sign some buses and people walking down the sidewalk", "The street sign is clearly visible for all of us to see.", "there are traffic and people in the city.\n", "A city street with lots of buses driving down it.", "A blue sign that is on top of a pole."]
["A truck parked on the side of a road next to another truck.", "A view of two trucks, one with a man in the reflection of the window.", "A beige SUV parked outside on the curb.", "The small red bird is looking at itself in the truck side mirror.", "Two cars parked on the road next to a building"]
["Two trucks are parked in front of a house.", "A silver truck driving down a street next to a parked truck.", "A car parked at the side of the road", "A red cardinal bird is sitting on the side mirror of a car.", "A red brid is on the mirror of a car"]
["Two different styles of buses parked side by side.", "Buses parked inside a fenced in parking lot.", "Two buses parked next to each other in a parking lot.", "A couple of buses parked beside each other in a parking lot.", "Two old passenger buses parked by a chain link fence"]
["A group of giraffes that are standing in the grass.", "Three giraffes standing outside near a large pile of rocks.", "A herd of giraffe standing next to each other near rocks.", "A group of giraffes roaming the grounds of a natural habitat area.", "Several giraffes that are standing together in an enclosure."]
["A red stop sign sitting under a green street sign.", "A pole with a stop sign on it, plus a street sign for W. Vliet Street.", "A light pole with a stop sign, a street sign and a pair of shoes hanging on it.", "a pair of white shoes hanging from a street sign ", "A pole with a stop sign, street sign, and a pair of shoes. "]
["A bird sits on a wire over a street sign.", "A bird perched on a telephone wire above a street sign.", "Bird on a wire at College and 5th street.", "The corner of college street and 5th street", "A bird is sitting up high on power lines. "]
["A pair of shoes hanging over a street sign.", "A street sign with shoes ties together at the laces hanging off of it ", "A street sign with a pair of shoes hanging from the sign.", "A pair of athletic shoes tied together hanging from a street sign.", "A close up of a street sign with street designations and shoes."]
["The head and neck of a giraffe with bare tree branches behind it.", "A giraffe staring into the camera in front of some trees", "a close up of a giraffe standing by a tree ", "A giraffe standing next to several tree branches.", "A picture of a giraffe looking into the camera."]
["a building a sign some cars and traffic and street lights", "A view of a sign and building from the street.", "Someone driving down the middle of a street.", "A view from a person vehicle looking at other vehicles driving down the road.", "A very tall building sitting next to a sign that reads Bourbon Street."]
["a couple of giraffes are standing in a pin", "Two giraffes in an enclosure walking around near trees.", "Two giraffes one walking in front of another by some rocks.", "Pair of giraffes approaching wall of their enclosure.", "two giraffes are looking at something in the distance"]
["A young man standing next to a wall with a bird painted on it.", "A boy is watching a bird by the shoreline.", "A boy watching a long legged bird in the water.", "a young boy stands on the bank of a river looking a t large bird standing in the water", "A boy is watching a flamingo in the water."]
["A tall giraffe standing next to a tree filled forest.", "A giraffe is walking near a large stone.", "A giraffe standing outside looking around at trees. ", "A giraffe is rubbing its neck against a tall pole", "A giraffe standing next to a large termite mound."]
["an image of  a bird that is perched on a tree", "A bird with blue eyes and a yellow tail standing on a branch.", "a close up of a small bird on a tree branch", "A bird perches on a branch with no leaves while avoiding rain droplets.", "A bird on a branch of some tree."]
["A couple of young men riding bikes down a street in front of a sign.", "Two men riding bicycles in in park at night.", "Two men on bicycles on the street at night.", "two people on a bike outdoors at night", "Two guys riding bikes at night on the street."]
["A no parking sign mounted to the side of a pole.", "Crooked no parking sign on a post on a city street.", "A no parking sign hangs crooked from a street pole.", "A no parking sign is shown on a post.", "A No Parking sign is attached to a telephone pole."]
["A couple of men walking along a river.", "Pedestrians walk across a bridge over a river in a city.", "Several people walking across a bridge over the water.", "Two men walking down the street above a river.", "a man wallking down a sidewalk and smiling at the camera"]
["A blue street sign sitting next to a road.", "a pole with street signs in other languages ", "Two blue signs are at a rural corner setting.", "Directional signs on pole near bricked roadway at intersection.", "Street sign across the road from a small temple."]
["The Sun Valley Market on the corner of 10th Ave and Irving.", "A picture of some street signs, mainly the camera is view a sign that states \"Sun Valley Market\".", "some black and white street signs cars and buildings", "A store advertisement hanging from a street sign.", "A sign of a store in a city. "]
["A man that is standing next to train.", "A yellow train going down the train track", "A man is walking by a yellow train on the tracks.", "A yellow train traveling down tracks next to a man", "man walking along side train tracks with a yellow, black train on the other track"]
["A giant Amoco sign sitting above a gas station.", "Street view of traffic lights and an Amoco gas station.", "a large sign on top of a gas station", "a stop light sits in front of a gas station ", "some traffic lights cars trees and buildings and a sign"]
["Signs point the way to a cemetery on a quiet road", "A sign with the name of a street and the name of a cemetery posted on a quiet street.", "Two green street signs giving direction to a cemetery.", "A sign that reads greenville cemetery and greenville rd", "Green and white street signs that read \"greenville rd\" and \"greenville cemetery.\""]
["two white and black birds a nest and some trees", "Two black and white bird standing on a nest.", "Two birds atop a nest near thick trees.", "a couple of birds that are on top of a nest", "Pair of large birds stand on next on pole near trees."]
["Colorful parrot sitting on top of a peace award in a restaurant. ", "the way this picture was taken it looks like the parrot is larger than the lady", "A colorful bird sits on a tree limb.", "A very colorful parrot perched on a wooden branch watching people.", "A bird that is sitting on a tree."]
["Several sheep are grazing on grass outside in a fenced in area.", "A herd of sheep with white wool and black faces.", "A herd of black and white sheep standing near a fence", "A herd of sheep that are grazing on some grass.", "a bunch of sheep are standing in a group", "A large herd of sheep standing in the grass."]
["A man riding on the back of a brown horse through a forest.", "A man leads a small group of horses on a trail", "a man in a cowboy hat leads a team of mules", "A man is riding a horse in front of two other horses as they walk through the forest. ", "A man is riding a horse with two behind."]
["A street sign sitting below a very tall building.", "Several different street signs pointing in different directions on a pole.", "Road signs giving directions and lights next to a building", "a couple of signs are on a pole outside", "A sign on a street corner provides directions to popular landmarks."]
["Graffiti stains the surface of a green and white sign.", "A green and white street sign that reads \"traffic calmed neighborhood.\"", "a bunch of signs sits on a brick wall", "A sign that reads \"traffic calmed neighborhood\" posted on some brick.", "Road sign reading \"Traffic Calmed Neighborhood\" on brick wall"]
["A sign in the grass stating the next highway. ", "A street sign pointing the way to Interstate 94", "There is a green traffic sign on the street", "A directional sign indicating the direction of interstate 94.", "A road sign indicating that to get on interstate 94 you need to take the next left."]
["The sturdy bridge serves as a  train trestle ", "a train on a track above a body of water ", "A train engine carrying many carts across a bridge over water.", "A long bridge with a train going down it overlooking the water. ", "a bridge with a train driving over some water "]
["A green street sign next to a road surrounded by a forest.", "A road sign surrounded by a stand of trees.", "Set of street signs in Asian writing on the side of the road. ", "A roadside sign seen through the window of a car.", "A vehicle to the side which is carrying a load appears that it is running into the signage."]
["A road with cars on it and a traffic light.", "The stoplight shows green through the light traffic.", "Long city street with mountains on the horizon. ", "A city street light that is green with traffic moving", "A street sign that is called Warning taken from a car."]
["A young boy riding skis on top of a snow covered slope.", "A young child who is wearing snow skis.", "a little boy trying out snow skis in his back yard", "A child wears skis in a snowy backyard.", "A little boy sitting in the snow on ski's"]
["A very tall building with lots of windows.", "A black and white photo of  a street sign in a foreign country.", "A building with signage at the entrance ", "A corner of a building with a street sign on it.", "Sign on the side of a building in Stockholm."]
["A white bird sitting inside of a pond surrounded by greens.", "A crane bird wading through a marsh of water.", "A wading bird is in the water next to the bank.", "A large aquatic bird walking through high grass in a swamp. ", "a bird standing in water in a marshy area"]
["Man in boxers on couch with two laptops", "A man is sitting on a couch in front of his laptop.", "A man without a shirt on sitting on a couch with a laptop computer in his lap and one sitting on the floor under his feet.", "Man in boxers and a furry hat does computer multitasking.", "A man sitting on a couch with a laptop on his lap and a laptop on the floor by his feet. "]
["A full view of a long train traveling on the railroad. ", "A long train car sitting next to a green train.", "Some train carts sitting on some railroad tracks.", "A train with train cars and some wires above it", "A passenger train passes the cargo cars of another train."]
["an orange train is coming down some tracks", "a train engine with an orange front pulling up at the platform", "A train is on a track littered with leaves.", "there is a orange train coming up the tracks", "this is a train coming down the rails"]
["A street sign with a one way arrow on it.", "A lamp post with street signs next to a building and trees.", "A sign post for Gay Street in Manhattan", "A bent one way sign on a street pole", "A street pole that has a street name sign, a one way street sign and a map sign on it."]
["A grey and white bird in water with a fish in its beak.", "a bird in the water has a fish in his mouth", "A duck in a pond that does not look very blue.", "A bird is in the water with a fish in it's mouth.", "A tall bird swimming in water eating a fish."]
["A New york subway station with a sign stating track 2 and track 4.", "A picture of a commuter train on the right of the center platform. ", "The sign shows which train track numbers are which near a parked train.", "A sign that says to New York left for Track 2 and right for Track 4 and the light rail is waiting at Track 4.\n", "A sign directs commuters to Track 2 and Track 4 to New York."]
["a red and white sign and a tree water and a building", "A no parking sign hanging from the side of a metal pole.", "A no parking sign that has graffiti all over it.", "Two signs on a pole near some water.", "A couple of road signs are placed together next to a tree. "]
["A crowd of people crossing a cross walk.", "people crossing an intersection in a street with signs above", "A pole holding a traffic sign at an intersection.", "There are pedestrians walking on the road in the city.", "A full crosswalk in a city with people."]
["A fire box with \"ME\" painted on the side.", "Someone put graffiti on a fire post on the street.", "A traffic barrell sits next to a red fire pole near an intersection.", "A street intersection is showing a traffic light, a fire sign, and vehicles parked down the street.", "A fire extinguisher sign near a traffic lights with the word FIRE and me under it."]
["The high speed passenger train is bound for New York.", "The sub way train is going fast up the tracks.", "A silver train on train station next to signage.", "A train station with a train moving down the tracks .", "An abstract photograph of a moving train on its way to New York."]
["A parking sign with an angry birds face.", "A street sign that has been transformed into a cartoon character.", "A face design has been added to a street sign near a row of parked cars and buildings. ", "We are looking down a line of cars parked at the curb.", "A street sign has an angry bird face painted on it."]
["a subway train at a station filled with people", "A subway train on the track in a subway..", "A train on the railroad track in an underground subway. ", "A train going down the tracks at a train station.", "a subway train on the track as people stand on the platform "]
["The sky is cloudy over a stop sign.", "A traffic sign near a high grass field near a road. ", "Under cloudy skies, a stop sign is beside a fenced field.", "A field that has a fence around it.", "Dark clouds spreading across a field and a house."]
["A red stop sign above a no parking sign.", "The stop sign has icicles hanging off of it.", "A stop sign has icecicles hanging from the bottom.", "A red stop sign in the middle of a street.", "A stop sign and no parking sign are covered in icicles. "]
["A train crosses a bridge in a large city.", "A silver train parked in front of a lot of trees.", "Top view of a train outside of a city.", "a train that is on a train track near a city", "A commuter train stopped at a station with a city in the background."]
["A large blue passenger train pulling into a train station.", "Numerous trains are parked at a train yard.", "A TRAIN STATION WITH SEVERAL TRAINS IN THE STATION ", "A large train station with a few trains pulled in.", "a busy train station full of trains and metal railings "]
["A passenger train that is going over a bridge.", "a monorial parked on the tracks next to some tall buildings ", "A commuter train going over a bridge in the city ", "A monorail train going over a pedestrian bridge", "A full view of a train in the city."]
["A red stop sign with a picture of a Time Magazine cover underneath stop.", "A stop sign on the side of the road has a paper taped on it.", "A stop sign with a magazine cover taped to it.", "A picture is taped to the bottom of a stop sign.", "A cover from Time Magazine is taped to a stop sign."]
["We are looking at a model train coming down the track.", "a train on a track near a building ", "A train traveling past a train station building.", "A model train runs through a train station.", "A toy train is pulling into a station."]
["A model of a group of cars traveling into a tunnel.", "A model train set complete with a road and cars.", "A very nice large model train on a realistic set.", "A model of a train traveling over a bridge with cars passing under neath.", "A model train with cars on road and trees."]
["A rural train station is loading and unloading passengers", "Passengers are boarding a train at the station.", "A group of people waiting to board their train.", "A large train boarding passengers at a train station.", "A group of people getting on a red train. "]
["MTA F train comes rolling through the bridge tracks.", "A gray and black train passing under a metal tunnel.", "A train makes its way across a steel bridge.", "A train on a track under a metal archway.", "An American commuter train crossing a city bridge"]
["A long yellow train traveling down train tracks.", "A modern day train going down the track that runs alongside a road.", "A large long yellow train on a steel steel track.", "The train is running swiftly in parallel to the road.", "A freight train is traveling along train tracks."]
["A silver train sitting on top of train tracks.", "a close up of a train on a track ", "The train is being driven on the tracks with people in it", "The front end of a passenger rail train with conductor seen through a window.", "The number one train is on the tracks."]
["A humorous stop sign is pictured in this image.", "A stop sign specifying about no zamboni crossing.", "a close up of a stop sign on a wooden pole ", "A close shot of a sign reading \"STOP ZAMBONI CHASING\". ", "A sign that is attached to a wooden board. "]
["Vibrant photo of a train sitting at a train station", "A vivid picture of an old passenger train degraded by time.", "An abandoned train that is on tracks with overgrown grass.", "A train is sitting on the railroad track.", "A train sitting on a track next a little tree"]
["A train traveling on a lush green hillside.", "The train cars are parked in the meadow.", "A abandoned train located on country side on a deserted train track.", "A train going down the tracks on a nice day .", "A train sitting on a track next to an abandoned track."]
["Yellow taxi parked on the side of the road with a meter in front of it. ", "A parking meter with a \"broken meter\" sign attached.", "Parking meter displaying it is broken from note", "A couple of parking meters sitting on the side of a road.", "A note telling people that the meter is broken."]
["A parking meter sitting next to a small covered sign.", "A pay station with a sign in a parking lot.", "A street with some signs and a building near the street", "A parking meter sign points to where the meter is", "A bus stop by the street and palm trees."]
["A long stretch of highway over a river.", "A large bridge spanning the width of a bridge near a tall building.", "A bunch of vehicles that are on a highway.", "A freeway is pictured as it crosses a river.", "aerial view of highway bridge crossing over water in a city "]
["A large black pick up truck with a dog riding on it's flatbed.", "a gray parked truck with a brown and black dog standing in the back of it", "A puppy standing in the back of a pickup truck. ", "A dog standing in the back of a truck.", "Back of black pickup truck open with german shepherd sitting inside."]
["a very old gas pump in a store", "A metal clock with a crown on the top.", "A very fancy ornate styled clock with a crown on top.", "A photograph of a clock with a crown on top.", "A red clock with gold face and a crown on top."]
["A large white trash truck with a painting on it's side.", "A garbage truck with an ad on the side is parked on the side of the road.", "A garbage truck with a flower painted on the side.", "A truck parked on the side of a street in front of a building.", "A painted white truck with a flower on it in the street."]
["A dog and a cat are playing in a field", "Cat and dog playing together in a green field.", "A dog and cat play outside with each other", "A cat being playful with a dog on a field.", "A dog and cat laying beside each other in the grass. "]
["a close up of a cat in an opened hand bag", "A cat pokes its head out of a black bag on a tweed couch.", "Cat zipped up in a small leather backpack peeking out", "A yellow cat sticking its head out of a black bag.", "An orange cat hiding in a black purse on the couch. "]
["There is a black and white cat laying on top of a purse.", "THERE IS A CAT THAT IS LYIGN ON THE FLOOR ", "A black on white cat laying on a floral purse on the floor.", "A cat laying on a purse on the floor ", "A cat that is sitting on top of someones purse."]
["a cat that is sitting under a umbrella", "there is a cat that is sitting under a umbrella", "A cat is sitting under an umbrella near a yellow box.", "a tortoise shell cat sits under an umbrella sitting on the floor", "A black brown and orange cat under an umbrella. "]
["A cat is sitting on the ground beside a wheel of a bicycle.", "A cat laying on a floor with it's arms wrapped around a shoe.", "A cat sitting cautiously over a pair of shoes on the floor.", "A cat is holding a shoe between his paws.", "A cat that is laying on the floor."]
["a cat that has a shirt on its back", "A cat is sitting on a red blanket.", "A black and white cat sitting on a chair.", "A cat that is laying down near a bat.", "The tuxedo cat is wearing a gray sweater."]
["A black cat laying on top of a metal pan.", "A cat lays in a suitcase, which is open.", "a close up of a cat in an open luggage bag", "a close up of a cat in an opened luggage bag", "A cat is laying in a piece of luggage.", "a black cat is laying in a suitcase"]
["An orange cat looks at a green light shining on a bag.", "A small cat examines the light in a suitcase.", "A cat staring at a another cat hidden in a travel bag\n", "A cat peering at a green light in a bag.", "An orange cat looking at another cat inside of a bag."]
