["A puppy chewing on a shoestring from a brown shoe.", "A dog pulling on a leather shoelace with its mouth", "A little dog chews on a shoe lace.", "A light brown puppy chewing on shoe strings.", "A white brown dog chewing on a shoe lace."]
["A group of elephants stand under a waterfall.", "two elephants in a body of water near each other", "Two huge elephants splash and play in the water.", "Two elephants in the water in front of a waterfall.", "Some elephants are playing in the water next to a waterfall."]
["A dog chasing a red frisbee across a field.", "A brown dog playing with a red disc on a grassy field.", "A dog runs after the frisbee on the grass", "A dog with it's mouth open with a frisbee next to it in the air, on a grass field with people watching from the distance.", "A dog running in the grass after a frisbee. "]
["A dog jumping in the air catching a frisbee.", "A dog is in the air, catching a Frisbee. ", "the dog is catching a frisbee while people look on.", "A dog jumping up into the air with a Frisbee.", "A dog jumps and catches a flying disk."]
["A woman with a painted face holds an umbrella.", "a geisha with a dragon painted on her face holding onto a red umbrella", "An Asian woman dressed in traditional geisha attire with white face paint.", "A woman in geisha makeup holds a red parasol.", "A woman with her face painted white and decorated with a dragon. "]
["A woman stands on some grass, holding some frisbees.", "A woman standing in a field holding a pink ball.", "Woman in a field playing with spectators watching", "some people and a woman with a red frisbee", "A woman holding several frisbees while a dog catches a frisbee in its mouth."]
["A mother elephant letting her baby elephant drink milk", "A pair of elephants stand together next to a fence.", "Baby elephant playing with the adult one at the zoo", "A baby elephant nudges it's huge parent with it's trunk.", "A mama elephant standing above a small elephant."]
["two people walking on a side walk with an umbrella", "A couple walks down the street under and umbrella embracing.", "A couple of women walking down a street under a pink umbrella.", "Two people embrace while walking down the street under a pink umbrella", "Two people with their hands on each others' back walk under the same umbrella on a city sidewalk next to a man."]
["A bunch of table with unbrellas outside of a building .", "A lot of chairs that are by a wall.", "some tables chairs buildings umbrellas and a small wall", "Empty tables with umbrellas are shown in black and white.", "A group of tables with umbrellas are shown."]
["People are camping outside with their bags and under an umbrella.", "People with umbrellas outside in the heat sit down on pavement", "A group of people camped on a side walk ", "A bunch of people sit on the sidewalk and some of them have umbrellas.", "Young people sitting on the concrete one has an umbrella."]
["Passengers waiting for their bags at a luggage carousel.", "People in the airport waiting at the luggage carousel for their bags.", "A crowd of people waiting for their luggage at an airport.", "People waiting for their luggage at baggage claim.", "People waiting for their luggage moving down a  conveyor belt."]
["A man standing next to a pile of luggage at an airport.", "A LUGGAGE CHECK POINT WITH SUITCASES AND PEOPLE ", "A large group of luggage is attended by workers and travellers.", "people at an air port neat a lot of tagged luggage ", "Over head picture in an airport baggage claim area."]
["A bear shaped full jar of honey sits on a table", "A single bear shaped honey container is displayed.", "Full bear shaped honey container sitting on counter.", "A plastic container of honey shaped like a bear sits on a countertop.", "A bear shaped container of honey sitting on a table"]
["A couple bags of luggage that are on the ground.", "Four different eras of luggage are tossed along a rail.", "Four different types of carrying cases in various colors.", "Four pieces of luggage sit on the ground. ", "A pile of luggage sitting on the ground at an airport."]
["The person holding a colorful umbrella is in a black and white scenery.", "A person is standing in front a fence with an umbrella.", "A rainbow colored umbrella in a black and white photo. ", "Person standing at the railing with a colorful umbrella", "A person standing with a umbrella standing by a rail."]
["A brown and white dog chewing on a plastic bottle", " A large dog laying  down with his carrier in the back round.", "A dog chewing on a water bottle with a smile on his face.", "A dog laying on the floor chewing on something.", "A dog with his mouth open in front of his cage. "]
["A man sitting in a chair opening empty luggage. ", "A man sitting next to a small Christmas tree holding a bag of luggage.", "a man that is opening up some kind of bag", "A man is sitting near a small Christmas tree", "A man sits in a chair while zipping luggage."]
["A man sits in a train with many pieces of luggage on the seat across from him.", "a close up of a person sitting on a train with luggage", "A young man is sitting across from a seat with a backpack on it.", "A train seat loaded with a passengers equipment.", "Selfie of a young male and his luggage on a train"]
["Some wrapped and unwrapped presents sitting between Mr and Mrs. Clause.", "a room that has all kinds of christmas deco in it", "Picture of presents in a living room for Christmas", "This is a large number of gifts on Christmas morning.", "A large group of presents for Christmas by a foot."]
["A little kid holding an umbrella on a street.", "A young girl holds up a pink umbrella. ", "A young girl holding an umbrella on the sidewalk.", "A young girl is holding a pink striped umbrella.  ", "A little girl standing on the sidewalk under an umbrella."]
["A large group of people with umbrellas on a street.", "A big bunch of pretty umbrellas and a crowd.", "Many people are walking among large, open umbrellas.", "A group of people and some taking cover with umbrellas", "It's a rainy day on the street and people are using umbrellas."]
["A large stuffed bear on display in a room.", "Giant stuffed teddy bear in the middle of the room", "A stuffed light brown bear with snow is on display.", "a large stuffed bear in some kind of building.", "A tall stuffed bear displayed in a store."]
["A girl standing on the sidewalk holding a blue umbrella.", "A woman stands on a sidewalk holding a blue umbrella.", "A young professional woman is standing in the rain", "The woman smiles while standing with a blue umbrella.", "A woman holding a blue umbrella next to a field."]
["A bear walking away towards the tall fence. ", "A bear is approaching a fence, possibly looking for an escape. ", "A bear walking around inside of a fenced in enclosure.", "a bear is seen on a fenced up field ", "A bear roaming around on all fours in an enclosure."]
["A cake that has paw prints and miniatures dogs on it.", "A wedding cake with some dog figurines on it", "There is a white cake topped with little dogs and dog prints. ", "A cake on a plate designed with decorations of dogs", "A cake that has dogs around and on top of it."]
["a black bear holding onto a tree as he reaches for a coconut with his mouth", "there is a black bear that is eating fruit from a tree", "A bear that is trying to eat some fruit off a tree.", "A black bear climbs pole to get a fruit.", "A small bear climbing a tree attempts to eat a coconut.  "]
["Some prize items one might win in a contest or competition.", "A blue tee-shirt and a Frisbee advertising Slurpee.", "A blue -shirt is laid out on the bed with several Slurpee brand objects on top.", "an orange Frisbee a coupon and other items on top of a blue shirt ", "A blue shirt and a Frisbee on a bed."]
["A little boy running towards a green Frisbee.", "A young boy in  a grassy field getting a frisbee.", "A toddler running after a Frisbee on the grass. ", "a small boy is running towards a green frisbee", "A child is running towards a Frisbee on the ground."]
["A large bear laying on the side of a rocky", "A black bear sitting on rock with mossy patches.", "A brown bear shows his claws while lazing at the zoo", "a close up of a bear laying on a large rock", "A large bear that is laying down on a rock."]
["A big black bear laying on rock looking right at the camera ", "a close up of a bear on rocks ", "there is a large black bear that is siting on a rock", "A black bear is laying down with his arms crossed looking out on top of a rock.", "A bear is leaning on a wall with his paws folded looking upwards."]
["A pair of gray shoes are sitting on a bed.", "Pair of gray shoes displayed on white sheeted area.", "A pair of small shoes are on a bed.", "A pair of open toed shoes on a wrinkled cloth.", "a close up of a pair of a pair of shoes on a white background"]
["A young bear cub perched between two tree branches", "The black animal has its paws on a tree trunk. ", "A brown bear sitting in between two trees looking at a tree trunk.", "An animal is sitting in the crook of a tree.", "A black animal up in tree at a zoo"]
["a small bear resting in between two bare trees", "A black bear cub climbing on a tree trunk in a zoo.", "A bear hanging out in a tree, with its eyes wide open.", "A large black bear standing on top of a tree.", "A black bear in a tree at a zoo setting."]
["a little bear standing between a couple of tree branches", "A baby bear sits in the branches of a tree. ", "An animal that is climbing up a tree.", "A sun bear sitting in the elbow of a tree.", "A small animal is climbing up a tree."]
["A dog is posted by the window with his reflection in a mirror.", "A dog looks out of a window and its reflection shows in a small mirror.", "a dog looking out a window with it's reflection in the mirror", "A top stands on a windowsill looking outside while his face is reflected in plate nearby.", "A dog looking out of a second story window next to a mirror."]
["A polar bear laying on a large stack of ice.", "A polar bear on the ice in his home.", "a bear that is sitting on a big rock", "a polar bear sits with his mouth open on a glacier", "A polar bear is sitting on a ice ledge."]
["And animal that is standing under a tree.", "A zebra is standing near a bare tree alone.", "A zebra stands next to a tree on gravel.", "a white zebra with black stripes (or vice versa)", "A striped zebra is in an enclosure by a tree."]
["Woman holding up a red frisbee in front of a group op people. ", "A girl in a hat holding a Frisbee with a logo", "A woman holding a frisbee up at a festival.", "A woman is holding a frisbee and smiling at the event.", " A woman showing off a Groupflier Frisbee. "]
["a man watching his dog checking something on the desk", "a very big dog climbing on top of a wood desk ", "A dog stands up with his paws on a desk while a man sitting at the desk watches", "A man is sitting at a computer desk and a dog has its paws on a table. ", "A man sitting by his computer with his dog."]
["Two men play a game of Frisbee in a field. ", "A man raising his leg to cause other man to miss the Frisbee.", "Men vigorously playing Frisbee on a green playing field", "Two men nearly collide while playing a game of frisbee", "Two men playing with a frisbee in the park. "]
["A man sleeping next to a dachshund puppy.", "A man sleeps with a small dog while holding a remote in one hand.", "A young man is sleeping in bed with a dog and remote control.", "A man sleeping on a bed with a small dog cuddled up next to him.", "A young man holds a remote control and sleeps next to a dog. "]
["A dog with tags laying on a couch.", "a brown and black dog lying on a black couch", "Brown dog lying on couch posing for photo in residence.", "A wired dog sitting on a leather couch.", "A dog that is laying down on a couch."]
["Two zebra standing side by side on a dirt field.", "Two zebras standing next to each other in the dirt.", "The two adult zebra look identical to each other.", "an image of a 2 zebras looking on ", "Two zebras standing side by side together in the dirt"]
["Two zebras standing in the grass near rocks.", "Two zebras grazing together near rocks in their enclosure.", "Two Zebras are standing near some rocks. ", "A grassy area shows artificially arranged rocks and two zebras, as well as part of a gate,  and what appears to be the lower half of a deer, or a deer relative. ", "two zebras in a field near one another "]
["A couple of zebra standing next to each other.", "two zebras standing and staring on a dry ground", "Two zebras are walking side by side on some grass.", "A couple of zebras are standing in the dirt", "A couple of zebra's with a side view of them standing in a field."]
["A young product representative gives out Frisbees at a show", "A girl standing in a room holding a green Frisbee.", "A young lady is holding a frisbee and posing. ", "a young Asian female wearing a white dress holding a green Frisbee ", "a woman is smiling and posing for a picture holding a frisbee"]
["A mother zebra letting her baby feed from her. ", "a close up of a small zebra and a larger zebra ", "A baby zebra is nursing from its mother. ", "A baby zebra being fed by its mother.", "There are two zebras playing with each other"]
["A man holding a white frisbee standing on top of a field.", "A man is playing frisbee next to a tent.", "Guy at the park holding a frisbee with people in the back under a tent", "A man is holding a Frisbee standing in the grass.", "Young adult male holding a frisbee at an event. "]
["A zebra grazing on top of a grass covered field.", "A zebra standing in the grass near a fence.", "A zebra grazing the grass on a sunny day outside. ", "This is a zebra eating some grass on a grassy plane.", "The striped zebra is grazing on the grass."]
["Two zebras and a deer grazing in a grass field.", "Two zebras and another animal grazing on green grass.", "TWO ZEBRAS GRAZING IN A FIELD ALONGSIDE A GAZELLE", "There is a deer grazing with some zebras", "There are two types of animals eating grass together "]
["A pair of zebra's eating grass on a field with flamingos in the background.", "A couple of zebra standing next to each other on a field.", "Two zebras eating grass in front of many flamingos ", "Two zebras grazing in front of a flock of flamingos.", "a close up of two zebras in a field of frass"]
["some zebras dirt tall brown grass bushes and trees", "A group of Zebras standing in a grassy area.", "A herd of zebra standing on top of a lush green field.", "Adult and kid zebras standing together in the grass staring. ", "A family of zebras standing in a field of grass."]
["there are three zebras standing together in the wild", "a small group of zebras standing around looking at different things ", "A group of zebra's with one looking skeptically on a field.", "Four zebra standing around outside in the wild.", "Three striped zebras are in the grassy field."]
["A zebra in the sun on a dirt road ", "Zebra eating buds off the tree branch at the zoo", "A zebra standing by a fallen tree limb.", "The zebra is walking around by the flowers", "A zebra walks through brush in a captive area"]
["there are many zebras eating at the zoo together", "A couple of the animals are running near the trees.", "Wildlife grazing on grass in large fenced area.", "Zebras walking and grazing while they are fenced in. ", "A group of zebras that are grazing in an enclosure. "]
["A horse pulls a carriage at the beginning of a parade", "A horse and buggy is pulling some people down the road and there are more horses and people behind them. ", "A couple of people on a horse pulled carriage.", "a horse drawn carriage is coming down the street", "Horse pulling carriage with two men followed by mounted guard in uniform."]
["Mounted horseback riders going down a street in a parade.", "Uniformed men on horseback in a parade down a town street", "Men in uniform with helmet and sword on horseback in a parade.", "A trophy is being carried by a cart, followed by horses.", "The people are riding horses in the parade."]
["A street lined with people on both sides and two men dressed in costume on horses.", "These horse riders are featured in a parade.", "Two people riding horses in a street parade.", "Two horse riders in fancy regalia at a parade. ", "Two men in uniform on two black horses on a street. "]
["A man in uniform with a sword riding a horse.", "A soldier riding on the back of a black horse.", "Uniformed riders on horseback escorting a man riding a wooden wagon. ", "A man on a horse walking in a festival. ", "A man in an old-fashioned solider outfit sits on top of a horse. "]
["A couple of zebra standing in a grass field.", "Two zebras are walking through the green terrain.", "there are two zebras that seem to be running or walking on a field", "Two zebras, one sitting close to the camera and one further back", "Two zebras mill about near each other on a grassy plain."]
["A lone zebra is grazing in the large open field.", "A zebra in the wild eating some grass", "A zebra standing around eating grass in a field. ", "A lone zebra grazing in a wooded dry field.", "There is a picture of an outside area.\n"]
["A fancy birthday cake made to look like 3 pigs in the mud", "There's a chocolate cake on a silver plate, with three little pigs and a blue ribbon on it, sitting on the table.", "There is a chocolate birthday cake that says happy birthday charlotte with pigs on top", "A brown happy birthday cake with pigs on top of it.", "A birthday cake of animals in a tub."]
["A couple is walking three horses through a river.", "A couple holding the reins of horses drinking in a river", "There are horses walking in the water along with people", "Two people are in shallow water with horses.", "A man and woman walking horses in water with rocks around."]
["a brown horse with a blond mane and a red horse", "Two horses standing inside a fence on the grass.", "A rural area shows trucks and buildings outside a green, fenced in area with a small standing horse, nuzzling a second and larger horse.  ", "Two small ponies trot across the grass in a pen.", "Two horses standing in the green grass within the fence. "]
["a herd of zebras sniff around a caged area ", "three zebras in an orphanage feeding on a bare ground", "Zebras that are hanging around and eating something off the ground.", "a couple of zebras that are out in a dirt field", "Two zebra stand on dirt in a fenced off area."]
["Two brown horses standing side by side behind a wooden fence.", "Two horses standing near each other in  a field", "The two large, brown horses have long hair.", "an image of two horses walking in a corral", "Two horses standing near each other behind a fenced in area"]
["A horse standing in the snow with a wagon behind it.", "A large gray horse is eating out of a bag in the snow while pulling a sleigh.", "A horse pulling something behind it somewhere in a snowy area with houses and cars, and a snowboarder.", "The horse is eating feed on a snowy day.", "A horse with a feedbag on his nose takes a rest from pulling his sleigh."]
["A person riding a buggy and horse down the street.", "a small horse pulling a two wheel buggy", "A house pulling a cart with seats on it. ", "A horse is pulling a carriage in the street. ", "A horse pulls an open-air carriage on a cobblestone road."]
["a small horse pulling a colorful cart through town", "There is a horse drawn carriage painted many colors ", "A horse with a cart of some sort moving during the day.", "A single horse pulls a colorful carriage through the street.", "A horse pulling a cart with a man driving through the street."]
["A man walking a horse next to a boy walking another horse.", "a man and a boy leading a group of horses down the road", "an image of a group of kids riding on their horses", "A couple of boys walking a group of very large horses down a busy street.", "Young boys are leading small horses along a procession."]
["A man driving a horse and cart with another riding a horse behind him.", "A man on cart begin drawn by a horse in street.", "A man on a horse drawn wagon with another horse behind", "A man sitting a carriage while a horse pulls him and a boy riding on a horse behind him. ", "A man is riding in a cart pulled by a horse."]
["A group of three men walking horses on a paved country road.", "A group of people leading horses down the road", "an image of men walking their horses ", "people walking down the road with their horses ", "Three people are walking down the road with three horses."]
["A woman in a red bandana slicing a banana.", "A women who is peeling a piece of fruit over a bin of bananas.", "A woman standing next to some bananas on a street.", "A woman using a knife to peel fruit.", "A woman cuts fruit over a bucket filled with bananas."]
["A man pointing at some food on a trey.", "A man is pointing to some bananas and other fruit.", "A man pointing at bins of fruit on a street corner.", "two men standing next to a crate of fruit and vegetables", "A man sitting by produce while another man points to it "]
["A man that is standing in the dirt with a baseball bat.", "A baseball looks down as he swings the bat to hit the ball. ", "A baseball player swinging a bat towards a ball.", "A batter reaches very low to bat at a ball at knee height.", "The baseball game is proceeding at a fast pace."]
["A DOWNHILL SKIER SHREDDING THE SLOPES OF SNOW", "a skiier that is skiing across some snowy hills", "This person is skiing down the snow covered slopes.", "A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A skier going downhill while making snow plumes."]
["A bowl that has apples and bananas in it.", "a bunch of bananas sitting next to a bowl of apples", "this is fruit in a blue container on a table", "This is a bowl of apples with bananas in the background. ", "A bowl of apples next to a bunch of bananas."]
["A brown basket filled with bananas and apples.", "One banana and one apple in color, the remainder in black and white. ", "A woven suit basket with bananas and apples in it.", "A small basket filled with fruit, bananas and apples, some in color others in black and white.", "A photo of fruit is partially in color and partially in black and white."]
["The bowl on the table is full of cut fruit.", "A fruit salad in a bowl with two serving spoons in front of a stack of plates.", "a big bowl of fruit salad on a counter.", "A bowl of chopped bananas, berries and pineapple. ", "A bowl of diced fruit is on a table beside a pineapple."]
["A slice of pizza on the table with a cup of soda. ", "A large slice of cheese pizza next to a beverage cup.", "Two slices of pizza on a table with one beverage. ", "Slice of pizza and a drink cup sit on the table. ", "A slice of cheese pizza sits on the table next to some soda. "]
["A pitcher is throwing the ball in a baseball game.", "A baseball player swinging his hand holding the ball.", "A baseball player pitching a ball on a field.", "A baseball player leaning in with a ball in one hand and a mitt in the other hand. ", "A pitcher throwing the ball at a baseball game in progress."]
["A pile of oranges with a pile of apples on top of them .", "a mixture of fruit stacked up and sitting in front of a window", "Apples and oranges on display in a window. ", "Some oranges and green apples that are piled on each other.", "A glass display case of oranges and apples on a city street."]
["Man in white and maroon uniform pitching a baseball.", "A man that is standing on pitchers mound throwing a ball.", "A pitcher has thrown a pitch and is shown mid motion.", "A man in white baseball uniform throwing a baseball on field.", "A player throws the baseball as hard as he can."]
["a baseball pitcher throwing a baseball from the pitchers area", "a player is on the field at a baseball game", "A pitcher on the mound throwing a baseball.", "A man in a professional baseball game throwing a ball.", "Pitcher in mid motion releasing the throw of the baseball"]
["An umpire and baseball players standing on the baseball field", "A baseball game is in play while a baseball player is wiping his forhead.", "A baseball player rubs the sweat off his face while walking down the field.", "A group of men play a game of baseball.", "A baseball player gesturing at the umpire during a game."]
["Several people riding on jet skis in the water. ", "A group of people jet skiing in a body of water. ", "Several people on jet skis in the water on a lake ", "very many people in waters from a fall", "A group of people let skiing in a lake."]
["Bunches of bananas hanging from the ceiling of a produce market.", "Fruits and vegetables are on sale in a market.", "Fruit and vegetables at an indoor market stall", "men stand around in a fruit market with lots of bananas. ", "A fruit market with lots of bunches of hanging bananas and melons."]
["Two bags are full of fruits on the table.", "Two baskets full of oranges on a table with a note.", "two baskets of oranges on a table near a written note ", "A note that urges people to take a vitamin C break next to two baskets of oranges.", "a note sitting between a couple baskets of oranges "]
["A group of people riding skis on top of a snow covered ski slope.", "A women and two men who are on snow skis.", "two male snow skiers and one female in a brown jacket", "Two men and a woman skiing in the snow dressed in warm clothes.", "This is two skiers with someone who looks like an instructor."]
["A muffin in a black muffin wrap next to a fork. ", "a cup cake and a silver fork on a plate", "A banana nut muffin sitting on a plate with a fork.", "An oat bran muffin plated on a white dish served with a fork and napkin.", "A muffin is adorned with a topping of nuts."]
["A cup with a growing plant and old fruit.", "Offerings of a bamboo plant and orange sitting on a gravestone.", "A plastic cup filled with water and bamboo sits on a shelf next to an orange.", "the cup has a plant growing out of it", "A picture of a concrete wall with a see through large cup in front of it."]
["A basket of oranges and a cup on a table.", "The basket of lemons is near a plate of similar lemons and a plate with a cup on it.", "lemons on a plate and a basket on a table", "Lemons, apples, and a coffee cup in an arranged \"still life\".", "Yellow fruits and a cup on a plate on a table."]
["Potatoes sitting underneath a bunch of bananas. ", "a bunch of potatoes are stacked up together", "A bunch of bananas and a large pile of potatoes.", "Bananas and potatoes in a box reading \"Potato\" in Portugeuse", "Bananas overhang an open crate that is half full of potatoes and has writing on the side. "]
["A pile of oranges, blue berries and raspberries.", "Some oranges, raspberries, and blueberries all mixed together. ", "A close shot of strawberries, oranges, and grapes. ", "Small group of colorful fruits next to each other. ", "Blueberries, raspberries, and mandarin oranges are all mixed together."]
["A evil little doll hovering over a pile of small pumpkins.", "The Halloween display includes a spiderweb and lots of pumpkins.", "A bunch of pumpkins are placed by other Halloween decorations.", "Pumpkins sit under a spooky lit up Halloween display. ", "Multiple pumpkins and a skeleton on the wall."]
["Banana bunches are shown on top of a truck.", "A man transporting bananas in his pickup truck.", "A load of bananas is being moved in truck.", "a person driving a car with a bundle of bananas on top", "A man driving a truck with hundreds of bananas on top of it."]
["A group of people riding skis down a snow covered street.", "A family skiing a city street while others clean snow off their cars.", "People are riding on skis in the snow on a street.", "Several people going down a snowy street in skis.", "The people have there skis on in the middle of the street. "]
["A kid standing in the snow on skis.", "SMALL CHILD AT THE END OF A SKI SLOPE", "A girl stands on skis in the snow. ", "A child skier standing at the bottom of a slope.", "A downhill skier stands at the bottom of the slope on a sunny day."]
["A person standing on top of a snow covered slope.", "a single person standing by a blue sign in the snow", "There are vast areas of mountainous ski ranges to conquer.", "A skier on a desolate path of snow.", "a man on skis cross a snowy pass "]
["A man is standing at a table putting a ski boot into a ski while a woman watches him.", "A MAN DEMONSTRATING HOW TO USE A TOOL FOR A WOMAN.", "A man fitting a ski boot on a ski.", "A man is working at a red clothed table", "a man checking on some skiis and boots for a woman "]
["A sliced pizza with cheese on it is shown on a plate.", "Are there corn kernels in this cheese pizza?", "A small cheese pizza, sliced and garnished on a plate.", "A whole cheese. pizza on a white pan.", "A pizza on a white plate with sauce and lots of cheese."]
["Two personal pizzas on a table at a restaurant. ", "a couple of pizzas are on a table", "two pizzas on silver plates a drink and two white plates", "People sitting at a table with two small pizzas on it.", "Two personal sized pizzas on a dining table in front of people. "]
["A man standing on top of a snow covered ski slope.", "A lone skier standing on top of a big snowy hill.", "a person riding skis on a snowy slope", "A person on a snowy slope with skis on.", "A man is on a ski slopes on a blustery day."]
["Elderly man examines fruit on display in a store.", "Man shopping at a grocery store at the produce section.", "A man in a supermarket with bananas hanging above him.", "A man standing in front of a banana stand.", "A man is sorting his fruit at a fruit stand."]
["A cake sits on a table, ready to be cut.", "The paper plates are beside a large, brightly decorated cake.", "A small cake sits in the center of a table with plates.", "A cake has colorful icing decoration on it.", "A table full of plate and cake and knife"]
["A person playing in the maintained play ground", "baseball pitcher stands on mound in preparatory pose", "Player preparing to throw pitch from mound during game.", "Getting ready to pitch the baseball takes concentration.", "A person gets ready to throw a base ball"]
["A large cake sitting on a yellow plate covered in raspberries.", "The frosted homemade layer cake is topped with fresh raspberries", "A white icing cake adorned with red raspberries has a pink lit candle in the middle of it. ", "A birthday cake with one birthday candle, with berries on the top and side.", "Cake decorated with raspberries with a single, lit candle"]
["A woman in ski gear skiing down a small slope on the top of a mountain.", "A person riding skis on a snow covered slope holding poles.", "a person ready to go skiing down a hill slowly ", "a woman wearing skis heads towards the hill of the snow field ", "A lady is skiing across the top of a hill."]
["A filled plate of Chinese food with broccoli", "a broccoli dish on a plate on a table", "Some sort of dish on a plate with pasta, mushrooms and broccoli", "There is brocolli in the food on the plate.", "Asian vegetable stir fry dish with wreath of broccoli and assorted mushroom varieties. "]
["A close up view of some very tasty looking food items.", "a close up of vegetables in a basket with brocolli", "A bunch of different vegetables that are in baskets.", "A basket filled with broccoli, cauliflower, and carrots.", "a basket of broccoli carrots and some califlower"]
["four plants being grown outside in a planter", "Plants that are ready to be planted in a garden.", "a long red box holding little plants surrounded by a tomato cage. ", "Four small broccoli plants in a brown planter.", "Some green plants are in potting soil in a container."]
["A wooden cutting board topped with veggies and a knife.", "A cutting board with apple slices and carrots", "There is a cutting board and knife with chopped apples and carrots.", "A cutting board with chopped carrots and apples.", "The carrots and apple have been sliced on the cutting board."]
["A metal pan filled with lots of veggies in broth.", "a big pan of some kind of soupy food in it", "Broccoli in liquid simmering in a metal pot.", "Broccoli and cauliflower cooking in pan with water", "Up close shot of some type soup with broccoli in it"]
["a female snow skier in a red jacket and some snow", "A woman in a red jacket captured skiing. ", "A woman in winter gear with skis leans over.", "A woman skiing in proper clothing in good weather.", "A woman wearing a pair of skis standing on the snow."]
["A metal pan filled with lots of green and white food.", "A pan that is sitting on a stove.", "Asparagus and cauliflower are in a pan on a stove.", "a skillet with some vegetables an food inside of it", "A bowl on a stove with a numerous amount of broccoli and shrimp."]
["A boy skiing on a snow slope at a snow resort. ", "A young child moving along on a pair of skis.", "A young skier is headed down a small hill.", "a young child just learning to snow sky", "A skier on a ski slope with a snowboarder down the hill below him."]
["a box of apples sits in a marketplace", "Fresh apples and oranges sit in boxes at the produce stand; a couple of people browse the selection. ", "There are cases of apples and carrots outside.", "The produce is arranged neatly at the farmer's market.", "Bins of apples inside of a fruit stand"]
["Three skiers preparing to ski and posing for the camera.", "A group of men with backpacks on skis on a slope.", "Everyone in the photograph is holding a pair of skis.", "Three men skiing down a mountain on a sunny day.", "Skiers stopped on the slope to take a picture."]
["a man surrounded by some snow covered trees", "A skier dressed in red traveling through pine trees.", "A man on skis has his picture taken on the snow", "A woman skiing through the snow by herself.", "A person on some skis in the snow."]
["a little girl is sitting outside in the snow", "A young girl on skis and holding poles, posing in fake snow.", "A little girl that is sitting down in the snow.", "A crouched, smiling young girl holds two upright ski poles in the snow.", "A child bending down on skies in the snow."]
["A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A man with goggles is in the air while skiing.", "A man skis down the hill taking a small jump", "A person on some skis in some snow.", "A man wearing googles and other winter gear skies through a snowy area"]
["A man doing a skateboard jump trick in front of spectators.", "A skateboarder is performing his routine in a competition", "A man on a skateboard is doing a trick.", "a man does a trick on a skate board in the air ", "A man flying through the air on top of a skateboard."]
["a number of people riding skis on a snowy surface ", "Skiers outside a lodge at a ski resort.", "Young snowboarder on shallow slope with snow and others", "a couple of people that are skiing in a snowy field", "A number of people moving about on a snowy ski slope."]
["A man that is in the air with a skateboard.", "The skateboarder is jumping over a huge statue of a shoe. ", "Wow, that ramp in the park is a huge sneaker!", "A young man on a skateboard jumps a huge tennis show in front of an old building.", "A man riding a skateboard over a giant shoe."]
["a person riding skis on a snowy slope ", "A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A person on skis rides on the snow.", "A man is on his ski board in the snow. ", "a skier in all black on a vast white slope"]
["A man on some skis in the snow.", "A man in black jacket on skis with lodge in background.", "A man sticks his tongue out as he skis down the slope.", "A man poses for a picture with outstretched arms on a ski slope.", "A person is on skis going down a snowy hill."]
["A skater performing a trick on a skateboard.", "a man on a skate board hangs in the air ", "A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "A person is performing a trick on a skateboard. ", "A skateboarder performing a jump off a ledge."]
["there is a an standing on top of a mountain", "A man standing on top of a snow covered slope.", "A man in winter gear using a snowboard on a snowy slope.", "A person on a snowboard standing on top of a snowy hill.", "A man in black jacket on snowboard on top of hill next to trees."]
["A guy does tricks on his skateboard in the street", "A skateboarder riding on a short wall next to a sidewalk.", "A skateboarder rides the top of a low wall in a trailer park.", "A black and white photo of a guy skateboarding. ", "A young man on a skateboard grinding the edge of a concrete ledge."]
["A bowl of pizza, a bowl of green beans, a bowl of carrots, and a bowl of bread and berries.", "A birds eye view of a balanced meal separated in containers ", "Four bowls are full of food arranged on a table.", "Bowls filled with food sitting on top of a blue table.", "Four bowls sit on a blue table cloth and in the bowls are different types of food and vegetables."]
["A plate of food and a drink on a surface.", "Some food that is on a table with a can.", "Toasted sandwich and vegetables with Miller High Life beer.", "A plate of brussel sprouts, and a sandwich cut in half.", "Grilled sandwich with vegetables on a plate with a beer."]
["A cheesesteak sandwich has a 3-d glasses effect.", "A cheese steak sandwich is cut in half on a plate.", "A cheeseteak sandwich is shown on a plate.", "a cheesesteak sandwich sitting next to what looks like a chilidog", "There is a sandwich sitting on the plate."]
["A person on a surfboard in the water.", "A man riding a wave on a surfboard. ", "man on surf board with arms in the air riding the waves", "The surfer holds his arms upright as he takes air through a wave.", "A man that is on a surfboard in the water."]
["A man flying into the air while riding a skateboard.", "A guy with an afro is doing a skateboard trick.", "A boy smiling while jumping on a skate board. ", "a man is doing a trick on a skateboard", "A young man performs a trick on a skateboard."]
["A person riding a skateboard next to the ocean.", "Skateboarders enjoying their sport at a beachside track as the sun goes down.", "A man with long hair skateboarding at a beach park", "People are skateboarding by the ocean at sunset.", "A person is riding a skateboard on the beach."]
["A pitcher and glasses made out of pottery", "a collection of vase sitting in the window ", "A close-up of a vase, cups and a potted plant.", "A bowl with a plant, a large vase, and two cups on a table.", "A large vase next two to a other smaller vases."]
["A snowboarder buried up to his waste in snow.", "A person standing in the snow with their hand up to their face.", "A snowboarder up to his waist in snow during a storm.", "A man is standing in a pile of snow holding a snowboard.", "Someone in a red hat standing on a snowy hill"]
["A man riding down the side of a snow covered mountain.", "a person laying in the snow and covered with a bit of it ", "A person riding skis down a snow filled hill.", "a person skating in very much snow with warm clothes", "a person snowboarding down a snow covered mountain"]
["Skier poses in front of a scenic mountain view.", "A young man in his skiing gear is posing for the camera.", "A man on a mountain smiles while holding ski equipment.", "a snow skier wearing a red ski jacket goggles and a helmet ", "A young skier holding his skis posing for a picture ."]
["a man stands on top of a snowy hill ", "a man standing in the snow and his skis a standing on end with his helmet on top of them", "A man standing with his skis in the snow.", "The man has made his goal of reaching the top.", "A man standing on top of a snow covered ski slope."]
["A toothbrush that is sitting inside of a cup.", "Toothbrush and rinsing cup make an efficient pair.", "An orange tooth brush inside an orange cup", "An orange, white and blue toothbrush sitting in a cup.", "a toothbrush is in a small yellow cup"]
["A woman on  skateboard is looking at her phone.", "A teenage girl is on a skateboard with her phone.", "The girl is riding her skateboard while using her cell phone.", "The girl is doing something on a cell phone. ", "A pretty young lady riding a skateboard down a street."]
["A person jumping on a skateboard near a fence.", "A person is doing a trick on a skateboard.", "Someone skateboarding in the park and doing a trick in the air.", "A person is doing a skateboard trick by the park.", "A skateboarder is mid air while doing a trick in a section park with half cement half grass."]
["A photo of two people skiing on the snow.", "A man skiing on snow besides a child.", "A picture of a couple people skiing in the snow.", "Two people in the distance skiing against the horizon.", "Two skiers in the distance under a cloudy sky."]
["A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "A person doing a trick on stake board in skatepark.", "a person performs a trick on a skate board ", "a person jumping in the air while standing on a skateboard.", "Skate boarder in mid-air maneuver as two males watch."]
["A man jumping in the air on some skis.", "A skier is in mid air over the snow.", "A man high in the air while skiing in the woods ", "A skier is grabbing his skis during a jump.", "The green bottoms of the skis can be seen when the skier jumps."]
["A close up photo of a person holding a skateboard.", "A person's chest is depicted while he holds his skateboard and wears beaded necklaces. ", "The young man is holding his skateboard while walking. ", "A person in a white shirt holding a skateboard on a street.", "Guy with beads around his neck holding a skateboard"]
["Fast moving male skateboarder against light colored background.", "A man riding a skateboard across a cement ramp.", "a blurry photo of a guy riding a skateboard in a skate park ", "A blurry photo of a shirtless man skateboarding.", "A shirtless boy flying by on his skate board."]
["A man riding a skateboard down a street.", "A man that is on a skateboard on the sidewalk.", "a man in a skate board rides down a side walk ", "A boy riding a skateboard past a woman on a sidewalk.", "a man is standing on a skateboard on a street"]
["A man cutting a cake on a kitchen table.", "An elderly man cuts a desert for himself and the girl in the room.", "An elderly man cutting food on the table near the woman.  ", "A gentleman with a large knife cutting a pie in the dining room.", "An older man dishing some cake on to plates."]
["The skateboard is flipping as a rider jumps up.", "A man on a skateboard doing a trick.", "Skateboarder performing trick in skatepark with BAPP logo", "A stylized photo of a male performing a trick on a skateboard.", "A man doing a trick on a skateboard off of a ramp."]
["A man with a scarf on his head standing in a big grass field.", "A solemn-looking man with a headband and fancy belt standing alone outside.", "A person standing in a open grass field.", "A man on a green field wears a bandana.", "A man with a head band and cloth belt."]
["A sharp bladed knife left out on the ground.", "A large knife is on the ground in pine needles.", "A single-edged knife with a black handle lying on the ground.", "A knife with a curved silver blade and black handle resting on ground covered with debris.", "Whoever owns this deadly knife means serious business."]
["A metal wok bowl filled with diced fresh vegetables.", "There are peppers and chicken cooking in the pan.", "The food is being cooked in the pan and stirred with a wooden spoon.", "A tofu dish with carrots is in a skillet with a wooden spoon.", "A stir-fry wok is filled with cooking vegetables."]
["A man sitting at a table with a plate in front of him.", "A woman in a blue sweater sitting at a table with food.", "A man who is sitting at a table with a plate in front of him.", "The person is smiling with a plate of hotdogs and onion rings. ", "Boy posed at a table with a plate of hot dogs and onion rings."]
["Avery long hot dog with ketchup, mustard and onions.", "a close up of a person holding a hot dog", "A person holding a long hot dog  with toppings.", "A hot dog is shown in a paper backing.", "A hot dog with condiments  on some bread."]
["A skier is enjoying a day of the sport in the snow. ", "A person that is in the snow having fun.", "A person skiing fast down a hill in the snow.", "A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "The skier in yellow is rapidly descending the slope."]
["A man sitting at a table with a plate of chill cheese dogs.", "A woman with hot dog and a cup of a drink with candles burning.", "A woman next to a table with hotdog and a cup while candles burn", "The woman is lighting a candle before eating her meal. ", "A young lady is lighting the candle before eating her meal. ", "A person at a table with some hot dogs."]
["A man flying off the side of a cliff on a snowboard.", "A snow boarder grabs his board during a jump", "A person snowboarding aerially over a snowy hillside. ", "A man sailing through the air on a ski board.", "A snowboarder posing mid-jump on a snowy trail. "]
["Two girls standing in a store eating pizza and food.", "Women eating in the food court of a large supermarket.", "These women are sampling pizza at a grocery store", "Two women take bites of food inside of a grocery store.", "A couple of women eating food while standing next to each other."]
["The teenager is airborne while riding the skateboard", "A skateboarder getting some serious air time in front of an office building", "A boy doing a skateboard trick in the air.", "A boy jumping high in the sky on his skate board", "A  young skateboarder doing tricks by a building."]
["a person riding a snow board on a snowy surface", "The snowboarder is wearing red, white and green. ", "A person on a snowboard going down a snowy hill.", "A snowboarder on the slope side of mountain.", "A snow boarder is preceded by his long shadow as he skis."]
["A snowboarder is in the air against the blue sky.", "A snow boarder coming airborne while riding his snow board down a snowy slope.", "A ski boarder is airborne on a snow covered slope.", "A snowboarder catches air going down a hill.", "The snowboarder is mid-jump, flying through the air."]
["Snowboarder riding in a half pipe performing tricks.", "A snowboarder doing an aerial trick off a half pipe", "A snowboarder on a ROME board in a  half pipe.", "A person is snowboarding down a snowy half-pipe.", "A snowboarder in the air doing a trick"]
["A person going down a half pipe on a snow board.", "A man riding a snowboard on a snow covered ski slope.", "A man is performing a snowboard jump and appears that he is hooked to the lift.", "A snowboarder that is in the air doing a trick.", "A man jumping on a snow board in the snow "]
["A man holding a snowboard in his right hand.", "A person posing next to a snowboard in the snow ", "A person standing next to a snowboard on a field.", "a person is standing next to their snowboard outside", "A woman that is standing in the snow with a snowboard."]
["A girl making weird face and holding a lighter.", "A woman sitting at a table in front of a plate of hot dogs.", "Woman lights a candle before eating her hotdogs", "A woman in grey sweater lighting a candle at table with hotdogs.", "The lady at the table is lighting the candle with a lighter. "]
["A woman sitting at a table with a plate of food in front of her.", "A woman with a plate of food in front of her and holding a lighter in her hand.", "A woman sitting at a table with a plate with two hotdogs and onion rings on it.", "A woman is holding a lighter to light up candles.", "A person is sitting in front of a plate of food, a glass, and candles. "]
["A very pretty girl working with some food in a kitchen.", "A female chef holds two buns, with several on plates in the background.", "a chef preparing a bunch of pastries for a restaurant ", "female chef is making biscuits in a restaurant", "A woman in a chef coat holding bread loaves."]
["A hotdog with cheese fries sitting on top of it.", "A hot dog with cheese on top of a red table. ", "a big sausage in a roll with cheese and cups of sauce and a person", "A large sausage covered with cheese on a bun.", "A hot dog with a large amount of cheese."]
["A man riding a snowboard down a slope with many hills.", "a single person snowboarding down a hill by some trees", "A person in a cap rides a snowboard down a snowy hill.", "A skier is going through bumpy snow hills.", "A man is leaning down on his snowboard to get down a hill."]
["A group of friends huddled next to each other while holding snowboards.", "A group of snowboarders stand on a hilltop.", "Two men and two women standing on a snowy hillside with their snowboards.", "A group of people are on the snow posing with boards.", "Four snowboarders are standing at the top of a hill."]
["A person riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.", "a person riding a snow board on a snowy surface", "A young boy in a jacket is snowboarding in a neighborhood.", "A child in a blue jacket riding a surfboard in the snow.", "A child snowboarding down a hill in the snow."]
["Two snowboards attached to feet above snow and trees.", "Two snowboarders waiting on the chairlift to go downhill.", "A snow boarder about to land on a patch of snow.", "snowboarders with two different snowboards on a slope.", "Two snowboarders with red and green snowboards sit on a chairlift above a ski area."]
["ALL YOU SEE IS A LOT OF LEGS AND ALOT OF SNOW BOARDS", "A group of people riding skis and snowboards.", "A bunch of people and their snowboards and skis.", "People standing on snowboards and skis in the snow.", "people standing around in the snow with some snowboards "]
["Two men talking in a crowd on a ski slope.", "A man on a snowboard near a group of people.", "A man riding a snowboard while wearing snow gear.", "a male snowboarder in a blue and white jacket", "a snow boarder standing on a snow board."]
["A person on a snowboard on a mountain slope.", "A snowboarder dressed in dark clothing traveling down a snowy slope.", "A person jumping a snowboard on a snowy hilllside", "A person airborne with skis going down a ski slope.", "There is a snow boarder going down a snowing hill."]
["A couple of women standing next to each other.", "two women standing together while holding donuts ", "Her finger symbols might be a peace sign. ", "Two woman on an island pose for the cameras.", "a couple of women pose for a picture "]
["A woman holding a doughnut next to a cup of coffee.", "A person in a gray shirt holding a doughnut, with a cup of coffee.", "Someone has a glazed doughnut and a cup of coffee.", "A person holding a donut that has been dunked ", "A doughnut is being held over a cup of coffee."]
["Doughnuts sitting on a brown bag on a table.", "There are two donuts on a Starbucks bag.", "a couple of doughnuts that are in a bag", "A couple of chocolate donuts from starbucks are shown.", "Brown donuts sitting on top of a brown bag on the table. "]
["A man falling off a surfboard while riding  a wave.", "A man is falling off of his surfboard in the ocean.", "A man doing tricks in the ocean water with his surfboard", "The surfer has been tossed from his board by  a mighty wave.", "A man falling off a surf board in the ocean."]
["A man is standing next to a tree with a surfboard.", "A young man standing in front of a tree holding up a surfboard.", "Man standing near tree by the waters edge with a blue surf board.", "a man posing next to a tree with a surfboard", "A young man with a surfboard standing on a beach."]
["A kid holds a sandwich and a big candy cookie.", "The person holds a ham and cheese sandwich and a giant M&M cookie wrapped in plastic.", "A person hold a sandwich and a large cookie.", "A person holding a ham sandwich and a giant cookie", "A ham sandwich on a roll with a giant chocolate chip cookie."]
["A photograph of a sandwich and fries at a restaurant.", "A person lfits the bun of their sandwich during a meal.", "A chicken burger with corn and fries on the side.", "A sandwich surrounded by salad and fries is held open. ", "A white plate topped with a sandwich and french fries."]
["Two men riding surfboards on a wave in the ocean.", "Two people are surfing on a wave in the dark ocean.", "Two people on a surfboard each riding a wave.", "A couple of people riding surfboards on top of a wave in the ocean.", "Two surfers ride a small wave near the shore."]
["A man that is holding a surfboard in the snow.", "A man is holding a surfboard at the beach. ", "A surfer poses while holding a blue surfboard at a beach.", "A middle aged man standing on the beach holding a surfboard. ", "A man is standing with a surfboard at the beach"]
["A surfer standing with his surf board next to the water", "Man standing the ocean with white surf board.", "There is no image on this page to describe.", "A man carrying a surfboard at the edge of the water.", "A man carrying a white surfboard out of the ocean."]
["A surfer is riding a very large wave.", "A man is surfing a wave in the ocean.", "A man surfing the beach on a clear day.", "A surfer riding a white capped wave of the surf", "The surfer is on top of a large wave."]
["A surfer is riding the waves in the water. ", "a man on a surf board rides on some waves ", "A man that is standing on a surfboard in the water.", "A young man having a great time riding a surfboard with a parasail. ", "A man is holding on as he surfs across the water."]
["A couple trays of cookies on a counter.", "There are several plates of cookies covered in cases", "donuts on a covered plate in a commercial kitchen", "Employees working at a cafe that has donuts on the counter.", "The doughnuts is kept fresh in the glass container."]
["The soccer player jumps to hit the ball with his head. ", "Players and a referee in a soccer match.", "Soccer players contending over ball during a match.", "His hard head takes a shot at the soccer ball.", "Several men standing and jumping in a field playing soccer."]
["a man is holding up a box of doughnuts", "A man with a goofy grin on his face and holding open a box of donuts.", "A man with a silly look holding up a box of doughnuts.", "The man holding a box of donuts makes a silly face. ", "The man is showing a box of different donuts."]
["Cut sandwich portions on plate displayed on blue surface.", "A white plate topped with sandwiches topped with meat.", "there are many small sandwiches on a small white plate", "a close up of multiple small sandwiches on a plate", "The sandwich is cut into four small sections."]
["A group of surfboards laying on the beach with a person carrying a surfboard back from the water.", "Three surfboards laying on a sandy beach with a surfer in the background.", "A woman carrying a pink surfboard on the beach. ", "Man walking across beach with a surf board.", "A person who is walking on a beach holding a surfboard."]
["Two people relax by the ocean on the beach.", "Woman and child watching people row in water.", "Two people watching three paddle-boarders from the shore.", "Two people are in shadows looking at the water.", "a couple of people sitting down staring at some people in the lake."]
["A sandy beach next to a crystal blue ocean.", "Wide shot of beach, ocean and palm trees.", "an image of the beach and people on sand", "small palm trees on a beach near a body of water", "Surfers are in the ocean near a sandy beach."]
["A boy throwing out a pitch in a ball game.\n", "A young boy in a baseball uniform throwing a ball.", "A child in red jersey tossing a baseball.", "A boy in a red baseball uniform throws a ball.", "A baseball catcher with a mitt returns the ball. "]
["A man is riding a surfboard on a wave.", "The surfer in black outfit with beige surfboard rides the wave.", "a person riding a surf board on a wave", "A man in a wetsuit surfing on a clear day", "A man surfboards skilfully over a large wave. "]
["Dessert and a bottle of alcohol sitting on a table.", "A gift tin of chocolate nut brownies and a bottle of wine.", "A tin can filled with brownies next to a bottle of alcohol.", "A tin of chocolate candy, a bottle, and a pouch full of pens.", "Can holding different types of chocolate next to a bottle of wine. "]
["A man standing on surf board holding a paddle in a harbor.", "A man in white shirt and plaid shorts on a white surfboard.", "A man standing on a surfboard in calm waters", "A man with plaid shorts standing on a surf board near a boat. ", "A person is standing on a surf board by some boats."]
["Two men are cutting a cake at a function.", "A couple of military men cutting up a  cake.", "Two uniformed me are cutting a cake together.", "A couple of military guys cutting a big cake.", "a couple of people that are cutting a piece of cake"]
["A small piece of nutty cake on a plate", "A slice of cake on a plate with chocolate and caramel sauce and forks. ", "A simple desert rests upon a scribbled topping.", "A piece of chocolate cake with a chocolate drizzle.", "A piece of cake on a plate garnished with chocolate drizzle."]
["Human being having fun and enjoying some life. \n", "A person sits at the table and takes a bite out of a sub sandwich", "A man sitting at a kitchen table opens wide to take the first bite of a sandwich.", "This is a man sitting at restaurant eating a big sandwich.", "a man eating a large sandwich with candles nearby"]
["a man riding a big wave on his surfboard", "A person surfing under a wave in the ocean.", "A surfer catches and rides a large wave.", "A person on a surfboard riding a wave.", "A person a surf board riding the water waves."]
["A man kite boarding in the ocean next to a sandy beach.", "A person parasailing on the water next to someone windsurfing.", "A wind surfer on the ocean with a beach in the background.", "Folks flying a kite in the water of a nice beach. ", "A para surfer and a sail boarder on a body of water."]
["a cake with pineapples and cherries on the top of it. ", "A prepared dessert with fruit on the top.", "A pineapple upside down cake on a plate.", "A pineapple upside-down cake with cherries on top.", "A cake with a fruit topping on a round, cardboard platter."]
["A person wearing a black water suit surfs in the ocean", "A person surfing near a dock in the ocean.", "a surfer riding a wave under a pier", "A person is riding a surfboard on the water.", "A person in the water on a surf board."]
["a redhead woman is eating dessert at a table", "A woman sits at a table with a slice of cake and coffee.", "The young woman is sitting next to the table holding a piece of cake and a cup of coffee.", "A woman sits beside a slice of pie.", "A woman in a purple jacket site by a piece of pie and coffee."]
["A couple that is eating some food together.", "The groom is feeding the bride a slice of cake.", "A man feeding a piece of cake to his bride.", "A husband feeds his wife a piece of cake. ", " A groom feeding wedding cake to his bride."]
["A man with a surfboard walking on the shore near an ocean.", "A surfer carries his board down toward the sea.", "A person carrying a yellow surfboard along a road.", "a person holding a surf board walking down a hill", "A person with a surfboard stands on dunes, overlooking the waves below."]
["A man standing on a rock holding a surfboard.", "A surfer is standing on a rock pile as he stares off to the water.", "The man is ready to go surfing with his board", "A man in blue shorts holding a wooden surfboard.", "A man on a rocky beach holding a surfboard."]
["A man wearing work gloves standing in front of a fence beside a small cactus garden.", "A man standing in an outdoor area surrounded by several plants and a surfboard.", "A man standing In the gardening his backyard ", "a man holding onto a wooden slatted fence next a garden and a surfboard.", "A man standing next to a shelf filled with potted plants."]
["A guy on his surfboard surfing through the ocean.", "A black suited surfer on a white board in the water.", "a man surfing in the middle of the water", "A man riding a wave on a surf board.", "Someone riding waves in the ocean on their surf board"]
["A meal laid out on a table outside at a restaurant.", "A spread of food including sandwich, salad and drinks.", "two people at a cafe table eating sandwiches with drinks", "two burgers sit on a plate with a side of salad", "Display of several different foods and drinks while outside"]
["a soccer goalie a net and some grass and a ball", "A boy trying to stop the soccer ball from going in  the net.", "A boy reaching for a soccer ball on a field.", "A man is blocking a soccer ball from the goal.", "A young man in yellow shirt blocking a soccer ball."]
["a man that is surfing in some water", "A man kiteboarding on waves in the ocean.", "A parasailer is gliding through the ocean holding the bars.", "a shirtless male kite surfer on a white and red board", "A man water skiing while holding on to a line. "]
["A green plate topped with two pieces of cake.", "a green plate with cake on it next to a glass cup with brown liquid in it ", "A plate that has bread and a coffee cup sitting on a table.", "There are two pieces of cake on a plate and a glass of pumpkin juice.", " a piece of cake on a plate and cup full of liquid sitting on the table"]
["A plate of BBQ and French Fries sit on a plate on the table.", "A plate of food with bread, french fries and meat on it. ", "A barbeque sandwich and French fires on a plate.", "A meal of shredded pork with a beer on a table.", "All of the food on the plate and the glass of beer are very unhealthy."]
["A guy on a surf board riding a wave.", "a man that is standing on a surfboard", "the man is surfing on a small wave", "A male surfer is riding the waves on a surfboard.", "A man riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean."]
["Some assorted fried foods layed out on a plate", "Waffle fries and some type of wrap with bacon is on a plate. ", "A black and white plate with a serving of food on it", "a black and white plate with a sandwich and fries", "Waffle fries and turkey, bacon, avocado and cheese tortilla wraps sitting on a plate."]
["a bed with white bed sheets and pillows ", "A bed looks inviting in the afternoon shade. ", "The bedroom is ready to be cleaned by the maid.", "A bed is shown with pillows on top of it.", "The bed is located between the two windows."]
["a group of young people playing soccer in a field", "A bunch of kids playing soccer on a soccer field. ", "Children are shown playing a soccer game on a sunny day.", "A group of young people kicking a soccer ball around a field.", "Some players in action on the soccer field."]
["A man laying in bed next to another man holding a camera.", "Two men on a bed with a camera.", "Man in red shirt holding up a camera to a man on a bed. ", "A man with a  video camera recording another man.", "A person is on a bed filming another person."]
["A red van with a surfboard strapped to the top, parked on a street.", "A big travel van parked in a loading lane of a hotel.", "A VAN WITH SURFING BOARD ATTACHED AT THE ROOF PARKED IN FRONT OF THE BUILDING.", "A red van with a mounted surfboard stops beside a hotel with flags.", "I hope that the items on the van do not fall off while it is riding."]
["A small cake on a table with a sparkling candle.", "A cake with a candle or sparkler in it", "an image of a red cake with sparklers on it", "Guy taking a picture of a cake with a sparkling candle.", "A man photographs a cake lit with a bright sparkler."]
["A woman laying on a bed without sheets.", "A woman is lying down on a striped mattress.", "A beautiful blonde haired girl laying on a bed with very large breast.", "A woman laying on a bed in a tank top.", "A blonde woman lying on a mattress showing cleavage."]
["A man is riding a wave on a surfboard", "Man in blue swim trunks surfing a small wave.", "A man catches a wave as he surfs in the ocean", "A man riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.", "A man riding the waves on his surf board. "]
["A person in a wet suit on a surfboard riding a wave.", "A young man in a wetsuit surfing a mild wave. ", "A woman in black wetsuit surfing on a white surfboard.", "A surfer leans low while catching a wave.", "someone surfing on a white surfboard in a body of water"]
["A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A man on a surfboard is riding a big wave.", "A man that is on a surfboard in the water.", "A surfer almost horizontal on the crest of a wave", "A man surfing waves on his surf board"]
["An alcove in a room containing a couch and lots of pillows.", "a living room with a couch and a laptop ", "THIS IS A PHOTO OF A SITTING AREA WHERE SOMEONE HAS PLACED THERE LAPTOP", "The laptop is on a couch near a lamp. ", "Poorly lit interior shot of a laptop on a sofa with an ottoman opposite a lamp."]
["A group of people on a field play a game of soccer.", "A girls soccer game on a well used field", "some people are playing soccer on a field", "Young girls playing soccer on an open field", "A group of kids playing soccer against each other."]
["Two kids are playing soccer out in the sun.", "Two young children in uniforms running for a soccer ball.", "Two girls one in red the other in white playing soccer.", "two little boys playing soccer ball on a field ", "a couple of people are running after a ball"]
["A woman using a laptop in the dark on a bed", "Person Laying in bed in a darkened bed room.", "A woman plays on her laptop in her bed", "A woman uses a laptop in a dark bedroom while watching TV.", "A woman using a computer in her bed in a dark room"]
["This wedding cakes has three layers and pink roses.", "A white cake with pink roses on silver plate", "A wedding cake with pink roses on a silver plate.", "A three tiered cake on a silver dish.", "A white three tier wedding cake covered with pink flowers"]
["Man placing items on a dining room table in front of other people. ", "a person reaching over a table to reach for a cake on the table", "A man lighting candles on a cake on a table.", "A waiter lighting candles on a cake at a restaurant.", "a man is standing over a birthday cake\n"]
["a couple is taking a bite out of a wedding cake", "A man standing next to a woman in front of a very tall cake.", "A newly married couple enjoying their wedding cake.", "A man and woman are both eating cake", "A full view of two people celebrating their wedding day. "]
["Guy climbs a wave on his surfboard in the ocean", "A shirtless man surfboarding on wave with sky in the background.", "Surfing working back up a wave as it is dying out", "a person riding a surf board on a wave", "A man surfs in a small gray wave."]
["a person holding a surf board on a beach", "Multiple people are standing on the beach at the edge of the water.", "A group of men enjoying the beach standing in the waves or surfing. ", "A group of people standing on a beach next to the ocean.", "A man with a surfboard is walking on a beach"]
["A surfer kicking up spray on a wave, riding his board.", "A person about to tip into the waves on his surfboard.", "A man surfing on a big ocean wave.", "A personon riding a surboard among a lot of surf in the ocean", "A person can be seen riding a wave on a surf board."]
["A chocolate cake with cream and wafers on top.", "The chocolate desert is on the table for us to eat.  ", "Seven pastries lined up in a serving dish on the counter.  ", "A chocolate dessert with a decoration on top on a plate.", "a close up of a tray of food on a table"]
["A man is smiling and holding a piece of cake.", "a close up of a person holding a plate of cake", "A man standing in front of a door and a framed picture holding a plate with cake on it and a fork.", "The man is holding a piece of cake on a plate.", "This is an image of a man with a slice of cake."]
["Cupcakes with brown, yellow and green frosting sit on a shelf and they have colored wrappers.", "A table topped with lots of cupcakes and cake slices.", "a bunch of cupcakes stacked up on trays ", "A collection of cupcakes stacked together near some other treats. ", "A glass shelf full of man colorful cupcakes in a dining area."]
["A man riding on top of a surfboard in the ocean.", "A man on a surfboard riding a wave.", "There is a person surfing on a wave in the ocean. ", "A man riding the waves on his surf board in the ocean.", "A man on a surfboard is in the air above a wave."]
["A surfer in a hoodie holds a surfboard on a porch.", "The man in the red jacket sits holding a surfboard in his lap. ", "a man that is holding a surfboard in his hand", "A man is sitting in a red hoodie with a white surfboard.", "A young man is relaxing outside with his surf boards. "]
["A talented young surfer riding a large wave.", "A little kid riding a board on top of a wave.", "A man riding a wave on a surfboard. ", "A man with an open mouth surfs through a wave cresting over him.", "A man on a surfboard who is riding a wave."]
["A man in black wet suit holding a surfboard under his arm.", "A surfer standing on rocks on a hillside.", "a person holding a surf board with a sky background", "A person standing on rocks holding a surfboard.", "A man holding a surf board standing on rocks."]
["A man riding a red surfboard on a wave in the ocean.", "A para-surfer is riding a large, rough wave", "A person is hanging from a rope while riding a surfboard.", "A surf boarder is riding the top of a wave.", "A man wake boarding in the ocean behind a boat."]
["a guy that is on a surfboard flying in the sky", "A person on a surfboard holding onto a rail.", "A man flying through the air as he kiteboards.", "A man that is in the air on a wake board.", "A person surfing in the air, with a wind board."]
["A man is parasailing out on the water", "A person on a surfboard rides a wave.", "A wind surfer posing for a photo while riding in the open.", "a person on a surf board holds on to a handle in the water ", "A man in the ocean kite surfing on a board."]
["A man riding a kiteboard on top of a wave in the ocean.", "The parasailer is enjoying the big waves at the ocean..", "A person in the ocean preparing to go parasailing.", "this man is surfing on the water on a board", "a person hand gliding while surfing a wave"]
["A man slicing a cake with a long knife.", "A lady cuts herself a piece of cake ", "some people are eating desserts with fresh fruit on them ", "A man is cutting into a piece of cake", "A man cutting a cake at a table at a festival."]
["A freshly made and sliced up pepperoni pizza on a table.", "A pizza that is cut with some tomatoes on it", "A pizza with lots of fresh tomatoes is on a table.", "a fully baked pizza with slice tomatoes on top", "a pizza covered in slices of tomatoes on a wooden table "]
["a surfer guy wearing sunglasses standing on some rocks holding a surfboard", "A man standing on some rocks holding a surfboard.", "A man in long shorts stands on rocks holding a surf board.", "A man holding a surfboard standing on top of a rocky hill.", "A shitless man posing for a photo while holding a surfboard."]
["A few men posing for a photo at a dinner table.", "Group of men sitting at a dinner table with pizza on the table. ", "Three men eating a pizza meal at a table.", "A group of people sitting around a wooden table.", "Three men sitting at a table that has three pizzas on it."]
["A man riding a wave on to of a surfboard.", "a man in yellow surfing on the strong waves", "a man in a yellow top surfing on the waves", "A guy on a surf board riding a wave.", "A person on a surfboard in the water."]
["Morning breakfast sits on the comforter of a pretty country bedroom.", "A tray of breakfast items sitting on a made bed.", "A bed and a tray with cups, plates and a spoon", "the bed room is colored green and so are the covers", "A bed has a tray with many foods on it. "]
["A man surfing on a large wave in the ocean.", "The person is surfing through a large wave.", "A man is surfing the giant waves. ", "A surfer rides a wave on a stormy day.", "A man riding waves on his surf board in the ocean "]
["a man with white swim trunks is surfing", "A man is catching a wave on a surf board.", "A man on a surfboard riding the top of a wave.", "A surfer rides a wave standing sideways on his board. ", "A man surfing a wave on his surf board."]
["A tennis play is being watched by a small crowd.", "A man in white takes a swing at a tennis ball.", "A tennis player swinging his racket at a match.", "A man swinging a tennis racquet and people watching.", "a man swinging a tennis racket on a tennis court"]
["This man is standing on a tennis court holding a racket while people are watching.", "A man with a tennis racquet standing on a court with anticipation.", "A male tennis player waiting to hit the ball.", "A man standing on a tennis court with onlookers", "A man with a tennis racket in front of spectators."]
["A woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "The woman is hitting tennis balls with a tennis racket.", "A tennis player in blue swings back racket with one hand to return a shot.", "a lady practicing hitting tennis balls with a machine", "A tennis player swinging a racket at a tennis ball."]
["A man is playing tennis in front of steps", "A man wearing tennis clothes poses with a racquet on a sidewalk.", "A man in tennis whites with a tennis racket.", "A man in a white outfit, holding a tennis racquet. ", "A MAN WITH A TENNIS RACKET STANDING NEAR THE STEPS OF A BUILDING"]
["An adorable baby under a blanket in a crib.", "The baby in the crib has his/her head up and is laying on his/her stomach. ", "A cute baby is on it's stomach covered with a white blanket.", "A baby laying on his belly looking at the person taking the picture.", "A blonde haired baby wrapped up in a blanket."]
["The table is holding, pizza, eating utensils and glasses of orange juice.", "A table at a restaurant holds two pizzas and orange juice.", "A pizza on a plate is on a table with drinks and utensils.", "Baked pizza displayed on serving dish with beverages on small table.", "A cooked pizza sitting on a pan at the table with a drink, fork and knife. "]
["A small child sitting at the table eating.", "A young boy eats his dinner and glass of milk.", "a child sitting at a table in a chair next to a plate of food", "A baby sitting at a table with a plate of food. ", "A boy at a table with milk and a dessert."]
["The control station inside of a technology center.", "A room filled with computers and other equipment.", "Some kind of control room with a bunch of monitors.", "A control room filled with lots of computers sitting under lights.", "There are computers and electronics on the walls and on the desk."]
["A tennis player stands close to the net while swinging.", "A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A man with a racket stands behind a tennis net.", "A man on a tennis court holding a tennis racket.", "The tennis player is practicing at the net"]
["A man hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.", "a man in glasses ready to kick the tennis ball", "A man hitting a tennis ball with a racket.", "A male tennis player in action on the court.", "A man hitting a tennis ball at a tennis court. "]
["A tennis playing reaching to hit a tennis ball.", "A man on a court playing tennis with a racket.", "A man takes a giant step as he swings a tennis racquet", "A man in red shirt and black shorts playing a game of tennis.", "A man that is swinging a tennis racquet. "]
["Screens are everywhere in a business training area.", "Three large screens glow in the meeting room, as open laptops sit on top of the round tables, spread out around the room.", "The conference room has  many tables and chairs with monitors on the wall.", "a business work area with desks, laptops and tvs", "A computer lab with laptops and screens and chairs."]
["A square piece of pizza on top of a plate.", "A piece of thin-crust pizza sits on a plate.", "Small pizza slice sitting on top of a white plate. ", "A small piece of pizza rests on a plate. ", "A small toasted item  with toppings on a plate."]
["a computer keyboard sitting on a chair on a sidewalk", "A wooden chair sitting on a sidewalk next to a tree.", "two chairs with a keyboard on one of them on a city side walk", "A keyboard sits on a chair next to a table by the curb.", "Wooden stool, dining chair, and keyboard on sidewalk next to curb."]
["A man sitting at a table in front of a laptop computer.", "The man sits at his computer across from an empty desk.", "A man sits at a computer desk by a window with power line decals on the wall.", "There is a man working on his laptop computer", "A man sits at his desk working on a laptop computer."]
["A woman playing tennis in front of a blurry crowd.", "A woman hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racquet.", "A woman swinging a tennis racket at a ball on a court.", "A woman swinging a tennis racket at a ball.", "The woman is hitting a tennis ball with her racket."]
["A beautiful young woman hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.", "A woman playing tennis is holding a racket towards the tennis ball during a game.", "A woman in pink shorts holding a racket with a tennis ball coming towards it.", "A woman hitting a tennis ball with a backhand shot. ", "A woman holding a tennis racket swinging at a ball."]
["a very larg pizza with some nice toppings on it", "A plate full of pizza with corn on it over the cheese.", "A nice warm pizza containing multiple toppings. ", "A freshly baked pizza that has not been eaten yet.", "A pizza is topped with cheese and vegetables of some kind."]
["Heart shaped hot dogs and some pizzas on a big tray.", "Mini pizzas with tomatoes and olives and some type of wieners on the grill.", "A couple of pizzas sitting on a table.", "Some pizzas and hot dogs are on a round plate.", "Miniature pizzas and skewered heart shaped pretzel bites."]
["A man hitting a tennis ball before a crowd.", "a tennis player swining a racket at a ball", "A professional male tennis player about to hit the ball", "A man holding holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A man on a court with a tennis racket."]
["A man in white shirt and shorts playing a game of tennis.", "A man bouncing a tennis ball on the ground with a racket in his hand.", "A male tennis player in action on the court.", "A male tennis player bouncing a tennis ball.", "A tennis player preparing to serve the ball at a tennis match."]
["A person is laying tennis with racket in hand", "a man in white is holding a tennis racket in a field", "A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "a tennis player on a court with a racket ", "A being is doing an action that shows satisfaction. \n"]
["A woman that is standing with a racquet.", "A woman playing tennis against a brick wall.", "A young girl is playing ball on a brick wall.", "Woman with tennis racket is stand in front of a brick wall\n", "A woman hitting a tennis ball up against a brick wall with a tennis racket."]
["A pita pizza fills up an entire plate on a table.", "A pizza sitting on top of a white plate next to a knife.", "A pizza on a white plate and wooden table", "A pizza on a white plate beside a knife and glasses.", "A cheese pizza on a plate on a table. "]
["A very tasty looking pizza with some black burnt spots.", "There is a small personal size pizza on a tray.", "A cheesy whole wheat pizza is on a pie plate.", "A single size pizza with marinara sauce and cheese.", "A homemade pizza on a pizza pan on a table."]
["a woman in a skirt gets ready to hit a tennis ball ", "A young lady that is serving the ball to her opponent. ", "A woman playing tennis on a tennis court while people watch. ", "a woman jumping up to hit a tennis ball ", "A woman is holding a tennis racquet preparing to serve the ball."]
["A photo of a person being taken in this picture.\n", "A female tennis player in a black outfit anticipates the ball. ", "A girl ready to use her tennis racket on a court. ", "A tennis player is ready for action to take place.", "A woman in defensive stance on a tennis court."]
["An entire pizza on a serving platter with a spatula.", "A big tasty looking pizza with toppings on a tray.", "A brown table holding a metal tray and a pizza.", "A pizza sitting on top of a pizza pan on a table.", "A tray of pizza served to a table"]
["a person that is standing on a court that has a racket", "A man about to serve a tennis ball during a match", "A young many getting ready to serve a tennis ball on a clay court.", "A man is preparing to serve the ball on the court.", "a tennis player throws up a tennis ball to serve the ball"]
["a black and white cats walking in the living room", "A large living room with a cat on the rug ", "A black and white cat standing in the living room.", "A black and white cat is standing in the living room.", "A cat is walking on a rug in a living room"]
["A coffee table that has a map on it.", "there is a beige couch and a coffee table here", "A living room with home office, sofa and coffee table", "Messy couch in a living room behind a coffee table decorated with a city map.", "A living room filled with a large couch and furniture."]
["Man brushing his teeth and woman curling her hair", "Young guy brushing his teeth in the mirror while girl in the back sprays her hair", "Two young people are grooming themselves in a bathroom mirror.", "A man brushing his teeth and a woman doing her hair in a mirror together.", "Two people using a mirror together to get groom themselves."]
["A woman brushing her teeth while wearing a towel on her head.", "a woman in the bathroom brushes her teeth in the mirror", "A woman with a towel on her head while brushing her teeth.", "A woman with a towel on her head is brushing her teeth.", "Young women brushing her teeth while looking into a mirror. "]
["A close up of toothbrush bristles near a mirror", "The multiple toothbrush heads are colorful and clean.", "A group of multiple tooth brushes sitting next to each other.", "Four colorful toothbrushes standing upright next to a mirror.", "Several toothbrushes in their holder in front of the bathroom mirror."]
["A woman brushing the teeth of a man.", "A girl in a black shirt brushing a boy's teeth.", "The girl seems to be brushing the boys teeth.", "A smiling young woman brushing a young man's teeth.", "a woman is brushing a mans teeth and a guitar"]
["two people standing up near a couch playing nintendo wii", "A woman watching two people playing a video game.", "Two men are playing Nintendo Wii while a woman watches.", "Two young men standing in front of a painting in the hall.", "Young adults stand in front of a girl and a large wall painting."]
["Two adults sit with two children playing video games.", "a group of people playing a video game", "a family sitting on the floor and checking out some wii motes ", "Two men sitting and two children kneeling on floor in den with game remotes.", "some people sitting and two of them are holding video game controllers"]
["A man holding a Nintendo Wii game controller in a living room.", "A man with a remote control in his hand playing a video game.", "a old man playing the wii game in his living room ", "A man who is playing a video game.", "A man swings his fist while playing Wii boxing."]
["A messing living room with an old fashioned TV in the corner.", "The small room has clothes strewn about everywhere.", "A see through image of a person in a messy room.", "A living area with a man's image superimposed into the picture.", "a living room with a table a chair a tv"]
["a black television is sitting on a table", "Electronic equipment displayed on and next to cabinet in living room.", "There is a flat screen tv and a wii consume under neath jt", "A flat screen TV sitting on top of a wooden shelf.", "A television is on top of some shelves."]
["A portrait is hung over the stone fireplace.", "A couch and table in a small room.", "A living room with lavishly decorated furniture and a stone fire place.", "A living room with two couches and a fire place is decorated in red.", "An ornate style living room with fire place and french doors."]
["a lady that is laying down on a blanket", "A women in a purple sweatshirt is talking on her cellphone.", "A young woman gestures to the camera while on the phone.", "A woman with a cell phone next to her ear holding a remote in her hand.", "a girl on her cell phone holding a controller giving the finger"]
["A lady in red is playing the Wii. ", "Woman playing bowling video game in living room with lights", "A woman that is holding a remote looking at a television.", "A woman in a red shirt playing with a Wii in the living room. ", "a woman plays a video game in a living room "]
["A living room filled with lots of furniture.", "A view of a black and white photo of an apartment", "A black and white living room has grey carpet.", "A living room with carpeted flooring and white walls. ", "The room has a dining table, a television, and a coffee table."]
["Two men standing next to each other holding Wii game controllers.", "Two young men are playing the Wii system.", "Two men play a Wii game in an empty gymnasium.", "Two men are in an empty building playing WII games.", "Two men in a large room holding remotes."]
["A room with chairs and a piano and light coming through the window", "A PIANO AND LIVING ROOM FURNITURE IN A LIVING ROOM.", "Brightly lit large open area with piano and lounging chair.", "a dim picture of some chairs and a piano", "A blurry picture of light coming through the windows"]
["Two little kids, a girl and a boy, playing a Wii game.", "Two kids hold Wii controllers while playing the Wii.", "A very young boy and girl holding Wii controllers playing a video game.", "Two little kids standing in the room playing the Wii", "two children standing in th living room and playing the wii"]
["Two young children are playing a video game.", "a couple of children are playing a video game ", "A boy and a girl play a video game together.", "Two small children playing a game on a video game console. ", "Two children playing baseball in the Wii Sports video game."]
["A young boy with a bowl haircut holding  a Nintendo Wii controller.", "A young boy standing in a living room with a video game controller.", "a little boy standing in the living room holding a wii mote tight ", "A young boy holding a white game controller.", "A young boy who is holding a video game controller."]
["Two cats in a chair taking their naps.", "two cats sleeping on a recliner with the table light on. ", "a small dog sleeping in a living room chair", "Two cats taking a nap on a leather chair.", "Two cats sleeping on a reclining chair in a living room. "]
["People in public playing with video game controllers.", "A group of people are all playing video games.", "A crowd of boys standing around all casually dressed.", "Teenage boys are playing a video game in a crowded area.", "Several people standing around playing video games together."]
["A Nintendo Wii video game system and controller.", "The video game console is on the table next to the game controller.", "A wii game system is sitting on a small table.", "A Nintendo WII gaming system sits on a round table. ", "A Wii console is on a table next to a lamp."]
["a couple of chairs are in a room", "A living room filled with furniture and chairs.", "The inside of a log cabin home with large windows ", "A view of a living room with lawn chairs in it.", "this is a living room in a log cabin"]
["A room with a Christmas tree filled with lots of furniture.", "A living room is cluttered after opening Christmas presents.", "A guitar is leaning against a chair with a Christmas tree visible in the side of the picture and toys on the ground in the front.", "A doll's house parlor with a Christmas tree, presents, and miniature furnishings.", "The  Christmas presents are under the tree."]
["A computer monitor sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "A desk has a monitor, mouse, remote, phone, and keyboard on it.", "A full beautiful view of a computer screen in a room. ", "A computer screen,keyboard, mouse, and remote sitting on a desk.", "A keyboard and monitor are setting on this desk."]
["A living room filled with furniture with two paintings on the wall behind the couch.", "Someone's living room with tiled flooring and a rocking chair. ", "A living room and dining room combination with kitchen visible in the rear", "A living room has a dining table and rocking chair.", "A living room and dinning room with tables, chairs and a couch. "]
["A close-up of headphones next to a keyboard on a desk.", "A pair of headphone lie next to a keyboard.", "a close up of a pair of headphones near a keyboard on a desk", "A pair of headphones sitting next to a computer keyboard.", "The headphones are on the counter next to the black keyboard."]
["THERE IS A COMPUTER ON THE DESK WITH A MOUSE ", "There is an iMac sitting next to a laptop on a desk.", "A desk with a laptop and a desktop on it in front of a table with large chairs.", "A computer sitting by a small netbook on a counter.", "A desk with a monitor, keyboard and laptop on it."]
["A person sits at a desk in front of a computer and keyboard.", "A man seated with a mouse, a keyboard and cell phone in front", "A person sits in front of a desk with a keyboard tray and mouse.", "A man sitting at a computer desk using the mouse.", "A person sits at a computer workstation with a keyboard tray."]
["A living room with lots of furniture and a TV", "A living room with two couches and a large rug.", "The oriental rug nicely compliments the house furnishings.", "a living room with a television and couches inside of it ", "A living room that contains a tv, two couches, a rug and a lamp."]
["a wood floored living room with cleaning items in it", "A picture of a couch in a room.", "A messy living room complete with a couch and television.", "Cleaning and repair items laid out on the living room floor", "Messy room with a pile of things in the middle of floor."]
["A man kite boarding over a large body of water.", "A man is parasailing on the beach in Europe.", "A colorful kite flies in the sky over the ocean as a man is on skis on the ocean.", "A man surfing with a parasail near the beach", "There is a wakeboarder flying a kite in the ocean"]
["people on a lake holding onto parachutes as they surf the water", "A man is kite boarding in the ocean.", "People engaging in a water sport in the ocean. ", "A man in the water with a sail and skis.", "Many people are kite surfing with different colored kites."]
["A man standing in a park holding onto a camera.", "The man is holding the string to fly his kite. ", "Someone is standing outside with a unique device.", "A man is holding a wheel containing kite line.", "A man flying a kite with an elaborate reel."]
["The reflection of a man in barbers chair getting a trim", "A man getting his hair cut at a a barber shop.", "A man with an Afro getting a haircut at a barber shop.", "A barber cuts a mans hair and shaves his beard.", "A man getting his hair trimmed at a barbershop."]
["Two women are flying a bird shaped kite.", "People are on a roof and flying a bird kite. ", "A woman flying a kite that looks like a bird.", "A person flying a kite over another person on a roof.", "some chairs and people on a roof flying a kite"]
["A classroom that is empty and has tables and chairs.", "A view of a learning type environment, a classroom or a business meeting.", "long tables with black chairs behind them ", "A room filled with desk, chairs, and other items. ", "A classroom area with several desks and chairs and windows along the wall."]
["A girl flying a red kite high in the air.", "A women who is flying a kite outside.", "A woman flying a kite high up in the sky.", "A woman flying a rainbow-colored dragon kite in a blue sky.", "A female flies a colorful kite, her back to the camera."]
["A little boy holding a baseball bat on a field.", "A child holding a baseball bat posing for a picture.", "a close up of a young person holding a baseball bat", "A young boy posing for a picture with a baseball bat.", "A young boy is smiling and holding a baseball bat."]
["this is a child ready to swing a baseball bat", "Player preparing to hit ball with catcher and umpire looking on.", "A group of people standing on top of a baseball field.", "a baseball player with ab at on the field ", "A youth at bat in front of a catcher and umpire during a baseball game."]
["A Baseball player is attempting to take his best swing while the players behind him look on. ", "A batter swinging at a ball with a catcher and umpire behind the plate.", "A baseball player swings his bat towards a ball next to a catcher and umpire on a field.", "some baseball players and the batter is swinging at a ball", "A baseball player swinging a bat over home plate."]
["A field full of baseball players playing a game of  baseball.", "a baseball field that has some players in it", "A baseball team playing on a baseball field", "a number of baseball players on a field ", "A crowd of people are watching two teams of athletes perform."]
["A girl is trying to hit a baseball with a bat. ", "A girl is holding a bat and a ball is coming towards her", "A girl hits a ball with a bat. ", "A girl holding a blue bat and a tennis ball in the air", "A small child in a dress holding a plastic bat."]
["A photo of London, Big Ben in the background", "View of a river in a city with bridges and the setting sun.", "City skyline with tall buildings on cloudy day.", "Boats are in a harbor in front of a city skyline.", "A cluster of tall buildings are in the distance and one building has a white clock face on it."]
["A group of men on a field playing baseball.", "A batter is getting ready for the pitch, in front of empire and catcher. ", "A batter on a baseball field at a baseball game", "A batter getting ready to hit a ball at a baseball game.", "A man with a bat stands at a base."]
["Two baseball players standing on a field, during a game.", "Two baseball players standing on the grass next to each other.", "Two men who are wearing baseball uniforms talking to each other.", "Two baseball players facing away from the camera.", "a couple of men stand on some green brass "]
["A group of men on a field playing baseball.", "A man sliding into home plate during a baseball game.", "A baseball game and a player tackling another player at the base.", "Some baseball players playing a game of baseball", "Baseball players and an umpire participating in a baseball game."]
["A baseball player standing on a field holding a bat in his hands.", "A batter at bat getting ready to swing, with catcher and umpire behind him.", "a baseball player is at bat preparing to hit the ball ", "A batter backs up as the ball is thrown", "A man that has a baseball bat in the dirt."]
["This baseball player is swinging his bat at the ball", "A BASEBALL BATTER IN RED AND WHITE ON A BASEBALL FIELD ", "An umpire and two baseball players partake in a spirited game of baseball.", "The baseball player is about to hit the ball with the bat.", "A batter is taking a swing at a ball."]
["A batter at a baseball game who is waiting for the pitch.", "This aerial shot depicts a batter at home base.", "A baseball player is at bat in front of a referee and catcher.", "A baseball player is at the plate ready to swing the bat.", "A baseball player with a red hat and jersey holds a bat over his shoulder."]
["A pitcher throwing a ball of his mound ", "a baseball pitcher standing in a circle of dirt", "A laft handed major league pitcher engaged in competition.", "a man is pitching a ball at a baseball game", "A baseball player pitching  a ball on top of a pitchers mound."]
["A baseball player who is running to home plate.", "The baseball players slides into safety at home plate.", "A man sliding into a home plate of a baseball field.", "The baseball player is about to reach home plate.", "Baseball player running towards another player and Homeplate. "]
["Players at home plate during major baseball game.", "A baseball player on his knees has just thrown a ball.", "A couple of baseball players standing on a field near a base.", "a baseball player with a bat on the field ", "The batter is walking back to the dug out after striking out."]
["A baseball player swinging at a baseball during a baseball game.", "A professional baseball player swinging at a pitch.", "A baseball player hitting a ball during a baseball game.", "A baseball player swinging a bat at a ball. ", "A professional baseball player hitting a ball during a game."]
["Batter, catcher, and umpire are ready for the pitcher to throw the ball.", "A left handed batter, a catcher, and an umpire looking toward the pitcher's mound.", "A baseball batter prepares to swing at home plate.", "A batter, umpire and referee in a game of baseball.", "A baseball player pointing his bat next to home plate."]
["A man sitting on a couch with a plate of food. ", "A man sits on the couch with a plate of food.", "A guy sitting on a couch with a plate full of food ", "A man holding a plate of pizza, salsa and sour cream", "A man sitting on a couch with a plate of food."]
["a person eating a slice of pizza, on a table.", "a person sitting at a table in front of some pizza ", "Person sitting in front of a pizza plate in the middle of restaurant. ", "a pan with some pizza on it next to a man eating a diffent person", "A plate of pizza slice on a table ready to be eaten."]
["A close up of a small nice looking pizza on a plate.", "A large pizza with basil and cheese on a plate.", "We are looking at a tomato basil cheese pizza.", "A pizza sitting on top of a white plate.", "A gourmet pizza is displayed on a plate."]
["A large cooked pizza on a dining table.", "a thin pan pizza sits next to a can of soda ", "A pizza that is on a tray on a table.", "A pizza with basil, mushroom, and tomato toppings with cheese on a plate and an orange Fanta soda next to it. ", "A pizza with tomato slices, mushrooms and spinach leaves."]
["A woman prepares to hit a tennis ball on a tennis court.", "A WOMAN IS ON THE COURT PLAYING TENNIS", "A woman holding a racket up in one hand and a tennis ball against the racket with her other hand.", "A female tennis player holding the ball to the racquet.", "A woman that is standing on a tennis court with a racquet."]
["A couple of people walking across a green tennis court.", "Two women walking on the tennis court ", "two women with rackets walking onto a tennis court ", "Two female tennis players walking off the court", "some tennis players are standing on a green court"]
["a woman hold the crust of a pizza", "A lady is holding up a pizza crust while sitting at a table.", "A woman holding up the curst of a pizza next to table.", "there is a woman posing with a crust of a pizza", "a lady holding a pizza with the center ate out "]
["Half of a pizza covered in veggies and various meats.", "a cheese and mushroom pizza sitting on a round pan", "Half of the pizza on the tray is gone. ", "The pizza on the table was half gone.", "Half of a pizza sitting on a surface."]
["A metal plate holding a half eaten pizza next to glasses of beer.", "a close up slices on a pan on a table", "A pizza on a pan that is half gone", "the four remaining parts of pizza on a plate", "A table with a half eaten pizza and glasses if beer."]
["Little children standing on a tennis court ball in hand", "Young siblings on the tennis court with their racquets", "Two young children standing in a tennis court holding tennis gear.", "Two children wearing shorts hold tennis rackets on a tennis court.", "two young children holding tennis rackets and a ball"]
["A young woman wearing mime makeup holding a racquet.", "A man with a painted face and dressed like a woman plays tennis.", "A woman dressed in a white dress holding a tennis racket.", "a woman is holding a tennis racket in white", "An older lady posing for a picture wearing a tennis outfit. "]
["Made up clock reading too late on a window showing snow.", "A clock with no hands which reads \"too late\" is affixed to a window.", "A clock face with the words \"Too Late\" written on it", "A clock on the side of a window in a room.", "here is a clock on the window that has too late written on it "]
["A row of pottery vases sitting on a window pane.", "For green vases sitting next to a window together. ", "window with four vases in a ledge in shadow", "four vases sitting on a window sill in the sunlight", "a close up of some vases on a window sill"]
["Flowers in a vase on a window sill.", "A vase filled with flowers and water sitting on a window sill.", "A vase of dogwood flowers is on the windowsill.", "A vase with white flowers sit in a windowsill.", "Glass vase of flowers on a window sill overlooking a forested area"]
["A vase that has some white flowers in it.", "A clear vase of white flowers sits on a window sill.", "A clear vase sitting on a window sill with a view of the woods.", "a vase with a couple flowers sits in front of a window", "The vase of flowers is sitting in the window."]
["Mac fans enjoying a drink and a joke", "A couple of men sitting together in front of a laptop computer.", "two men sitting at a table with laptops in front of them", "two men are laughing while in front of the laptops.", "the people are laughing sitting next to each other"]
["Three laptops on a desk in an office.", "Three black laptop computers in operation on a white table.", "a bunch of black laptops are on a table", "Three laptops being used on a white desk.", "a long desk with three laptops on it"]
["A desk with a laptop an computer monitors.", "a desk with two monitors and a laptop on it", "Two desktop computer monitors sitting on top of a desk.", "A laptop next to two computer monitors on a desk", "There are two computer screens next to a lap top on a desk"]
["A pile of stuffed and plush toy laying on a dirty field.", "Two dolls and a bone sitting on the ground outside. ", "A collection of a variety of objects lying in the grass.", "A bunch of teddy bears and toys sitting on the ground.", "a small stuffed bear is laying on the ground"]
["A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden table.", "Two books about Berlin sit on a wood table.", "A Berlin notepad and a Berlin book next to a laptop.", "Two books are on the table next to the laptop.", "some books about berlin next to a laptop "]
["A man sitting in a chair while working on her laptop. ", "A woman sitting on a chair in front of a round table with a laptop computer, in a library.", "A woman is using a laptop at a library.", "a woman sitting in a chair working on a laptop", "A woman sitting in a chair at a library with a laptop. "]
["The older man uses a computer near library equipment.", "an image of a man that is on his laptop", "A man is using a laptop computer on his lap", "An elderly gentleman works on a laptop computer.", "An old male using a laptop while looking at the photographer "]
["a man in a wheel chair smiles as he open a oven", "A man opening a door to an oven in a kitchen.", "A smiling man in a wheelchair looks inside a well-positioned oven in a new kitchen ", "A man sitting in a chair in front of an oven.", "A man sitting Ina wheelchair while opening up a stove."]
["A white plate sitting on top of a table.", "Dinner plate with pineapple accompanied by coffee and wine.", "A meal on white and blue china with a fork and spoon", "A small coffee cup and a plate of food.", "A white plate with a serving of food on it"]
["this is a counter with three computers on it", "Three laptop computers sit on a kitchen counter.", "Three laptop computers sitting next to each other on a kitchen counter.", "The three laptop computers are sitting side by side.", "Three differently sized laptop computers on a counter"]
["Two brown teddy bears wearing costumes standing next to each other.", "a couple of teddy bears that have cloths on", "A couple of stuffed bears in a room.", "there are two stuffed bears that are dressed up", "The teddy bears are dressed up in ethnic attire."]
["A woman holding a baby close to her chest.", "A young woman holding a baby with a teddy bear on her lap.", "A woman holding a baby beside a teddy bear.", "Woman holding baby sitting in chair with stuffed bear.", "a person holding a baby near a stuffed animal"]
["A group of people all working on laptop computers at a long table.", "A group of people performing work on multiple laptops.", "A bunch of guys at a very big table with some laptops.", "People are messing with computers on a table.", "Several people are looking at a lot of laptops."]
["An open laptop computer next to two other open laptops.", "A table that includes three laptops and a cellphone.", "Three laptops are open at a table with cell phones.", "two open laptops on a small round table.", "a close up of a desk with three laptops on it"]
["A woman laying on top of a couch using a laptop computer.", "Girl is using a laptop sitting on the couch.", "A woman sitting on a a couch using a laptop", "The woman is laying on the couch using her laptop. ", "A lady is relaxing on a couch while using a laptop."]
["A vase full of flowers and knitted rabbits.", "a close up of a vase with plants in the shape of animals", "two stuffed rabbits sitting in a vase with flowers ", "A vase full of flowers and crocheted animals sitting on a table.", "A small glass vase holding flowers and stuffed rabbits."]
["two pans of dinner rolls baking in a large oven", "View inside a large oven with two pans and the oven light on.", "A oven holding two trays of food baking.", "Silver industrial size oven with items baking in it.", "A chrome oven is on with trays in it."]
["A couple of plants sitting inside of a pot near a window.", "a couple of plants sit in front of a window ", "Two dandelions in a jar by a closed window", "Two dried flowers standing in a small pot on a windowsill.  ", "Pots of flowers are sitting on a sill next to a window."]
["a child with a laptop on a table ", "A young man sitting in front of a laptop computer wearing headphones.", "a kid wearing headphones and using a laptop ", "a kid is wearing headphone while on a laptop", "A sitting area with furniture and flowers makes a backdrop for a boy with headphones, sitting in the foreground at one of the chairs at a dining table that holds glasses and a handbag, working at a laptop."]
["The blender is mixing several different fresh ingredients.", "A blender on a counter with several items in it.", "The blender is filled with the ingredients to make a drink.", "some food stuff is mixing in a blender", "A blender sitting on top of a wooden table."]
["A cup with three pairs of scissors sitting on a table.", "Three pairs of scissors have been put into a large cup.", "A ceramic glass holding several pairs of scissors.", "a lime green cup holding 3 pair of sizzors ", "a cup filled with scissors on a wooden table."]
["A kitchen with a table, chairs and a refrigerator.", "A refrigerator that is sitting next to a stove.", "A kitchen that has a red table in it.", "An old kitchen with dining table, refrigerator, range and a large exhaust hood.", "A small kitchen has overhead storage, small appliances, and a red table."]
["An upside down and right side up picture of a boy holding a phone.", "A boy having fun with his camera inside a home.", "Two selfies of a boy in front of a mirror, one upside down. ", "A selfie of a boy shown right side up and upside down.", "Two images of a guy holding a cell phone and waving."]
["A woman taking a photograph of a microwave oven", "The woman takes a photo of the microwave.", "a woman with a camera and her reflection in a microwave ", "a person taking a photo in the reflection of a microwave", "a woman taking a picture of her microwave"]
["A line of chili peppers hanging in a kitchen.", "A vine of red peppers hanging off a cabinet.", "A room has a green window and cabinets.", "A vine of chili peppers grows in a kitchen.", "A string of peppers hanging from a basket."]
["A tall clock tower with a massive clock on each of it's sides.", "A four sided clock sits on the tower ", "The sun is shining off of one of the two clocks on the tower. ", "A clock tower at 2:10 with a steeple behind a tree.", "A large clock tower with Roman Numerals and a lightning rod."]
["A woman in pink coat and sunglasses talking on a phone.", "A woman wearing sunglasses talking on a cell phone.", "A young lady with a silly face is on her phone. ", "A woman wearing sunglasses talking on the telephone.", "A woman wearing a pink jacket and talking on a phone."]
["A man sitting on the hood of a car talking on a cell phone.", "A man in white shirt talking on a cellphone.", "A tall man is sitting on his car on the phone.", "Man on cell phone sits on fender of car with flat tire.", "A man sits on the hood of a car using a cell phone."]
["A group of cell phones sitting on top of a table.", "four cell phones lined up on a table", "Several different types of cell phones are shown here.", "Four different types of cell phones sitting on a table. ", "A bunch of different cell phones sitting on a table"]
["there is a man that is holding a phone wearing a hat", "A man in a hat taking a picture with a cell phone.", "A man wearing a hat holding a cell phone in his hands. ", "A blurry image of a man in a hat.", "A man takes a selfie of himself in the mirror. "]
["A man standing next to a woman in front of a TV screen.", "A man and woman standing next to a computer screen", "A young man gives a presentation for his colleagues", "people standing in an office talking while being recorded ", "two people stand near one another in front of a table"]
["A broken red smart phone sitting on a table.", "A cell phone opened up showing off its screen articulation.", "a person that's holding a mobile phone device", "An older red cell phone is flipped open.", "a red phone with a flip screen on it"]
["A man and woman are standing outside holding a cell phone.", "A woman in a couple takes a picture of them while the man looks away.  ", "A woman taking a picture while a man looks away.", "A man standing next to a woman in the street.", "Two people taking a picture together next to a crowd of people."]
["A person taking a picture of a decorated tree with a cellphone.", "A person taking a picture of a large Christmas tree that is well decorated.", "A person looking at their cell phone with a Christmas tree on it.", "A girl taking pictures of Christmas lights with her phone. ", "A woman taking a picture of a Christmas tree."]
["A microwave oven sitting in the corner of a kitchen.", "A toaster, microwave and coffee percolator sitting on a kitchen counter.", "A silver toaster electric coffee pot and microwave oven on a counter top.", "A coffee pot is sitting next to a microwave and a toaster on the kitchen counter. ", "A picture of a kitchen with some items on top of it."]
["A kitchen area with a stove, sink and microwave.", "Microwave mounted above the oven which is next to the sink", "The kitchenette has a stove, microwave, and sink.", "A kitchen with gas stove with four burners and a sink. ", "A stove, microwave and sink in a kitchen."]
["A man takes something out of an oven in a well organized kitchen.", "A man is taking something out of the oven. ", "a guy cooking in a kitchen with something in the oven", "there is a man in the kitchen taking something out the oven", "A person putting some food into the oven."]
["Brand new, stainless steel, big, modern, residential refrigerator", "A brand new stainless steel refrigerator in the kitchen.", "A fridge still wrapped up in the middle of a kitchen.", "A large refrigerator and freezer sits in the middle of a kitchen. ", "A kitchen scene with a refrigerator being installed."]
["A new empty refrigerator in a clean kitchen", "A kitchen area with a microwave and open refrigerator.", "The door of the new, empty refrigerator is opened wide.", "An empty refrigerator with its door swung open.", "An empty refrigerator with its door open in a house."]
["A stainless steel refrigerator sitting on cardboard in a kitchen", "A new stainless steel refrigerator with double doors and double drawers.", "A stainless steel refrigerator standing in a kitchen.", "A new refrigerator was delivered with the plastic still wrapped around it.", "The stainless steel refrigerator is being moved into the newly constructed home."]
["A steel refrigerator with several stickers on it.", "A refrigerator with all the stickers still on it.", "The new refrigerator still has stickers and tags.", "A large metallic refrigerator freezer combo in a kitchen.", "A refrigerator that still has its sale tags on it."]
["A refrigerator that has been fitted with a tap and a thermometer.", "A remote sensor on side of blank wall with pole horizontal above", "A refrigerator freezer with a large faucet on it's side.", "Some kind of equipment sticking to the side of a surface.", "Inside of a building with a fridge and counter top."]
["A full refrigerator and freezer are standing open.", "A fridge is stocked with different types of food.", "An open, lit-up, fully stocked refrigerator and freezer.", "A refrigerator full of food and drink is open. ", "An open refrigerator that is completely full of food and beverages."]
["A white refrigerator freezer sitting on a  hard wood floor.", "A refrigerator and waste basket next to a wall.", "There is no image that is on display to describe.", "A tall thin refrigerator and a trash can.", "a large refridgerator sitting on a wooden floor next to a trash can"]
["A man bending over to look inside of a fridge.", "A young man is leaning down in front of the refrigerator.", "a person standing in front of an opened refrigerator", "A man that is looking inside a refrigerator.", "The man holding a plastic bag is at an open refrigerator."]
["A picture of a very long and tall building.", "A photograph-like illustration of a city night scene.", "Black and white picture of clock tower overlooking bridge and water.", "The London skyline against a cloudy night sky.", "A bridge over water in front of a castle with a clock."]
["a narrow fridge sitting next to a big window ", "A refrigerator sits in front of a window, and displays several children's drawings.", "A small refrigerator in between two couches and an end table.", "Refrigerator with assortment of items displayed on front in seating area.", "A refrigerator has lots of stuff on the front of it."]
["A group of people standing around a kitchen.", "A woman laughing with a group of people standing in a ktichen", "6 people gather and socialize in a kitchen.", "These people are laughing while enjoying a beverage.", "Group of young people laughing in the kitchen."]
["The blender pitcher is filled with pieces of fruit.", "A blender with chopped fruit in it sitting on a table.", "a glass with some food inside of it ", "A blender container with no lid containing some cubed fruit.", "Vegetables in a blender measuring cup on a counter."]
["a woman in glasses with a blow dryer", "The woman with glasses is drying her hair.", "a lady that is blow drying her hair", "A girl blow drying her hair while she runs her fingers through it.", "A woman blowing her hair with a dryer."]
["A woman with glasses drying her hair with a blowdryer.", "A woman with glasses blow drying her hair.", "an image of a woman that is blow drying her hair", "A woman blow drying her hair with a blow dryer.", "A woman wearing glasses holding up a Vidal Sassoon Blow Dryer, while her hair flies to the side."]
["a child is brushing her hair in the mirror ", "A kid standing in a room with a brush.", "A little girl is brushing her hair in a bathroom.", "a young girl brushing her hair in front of a curtain", "Young girl combing the hair behind her head."]
["A man cutting a kids hair with scissors.", "Barber cutting a child's hair in a barber shop.", "A man giving a child a hair cut.", "an image of a child getting a haircut", "A man with a beard and a red shirt holds a young girl's hair straight up in one hand and in another scissors."]
["A necklace surrounding a large glass stone in the middle of a table.", "A necklace, a pendant, and a hair comb are displayed on a cardboard surface.", "The necklace is next to a medallion and a hair comb. ", "A necklace that is under a hair clip.", "A beaded necklace, large pendant and hair comb."]
["A clock tower surrounded by blowing snow in a city.", "The American flag flies next to the clock tower on a snowy day. ", "A clock and a flag on a concrete building.", "A building with a large clock and American flag.", "An American flag waves in front of a clock."]
["A plate topped with pieces of cake and sausage.", "Slices of cake next to another desert on a plate.", "A tray of yellow swirl cookies with toothpicks sits on a table.", "Yellow and brown snacks on a green platter.", "A plate of finger food containing meat located on a table."]
["A black-and-white photo of a girl with a teddy bear on her shoulder.", "A beautiful woman standing in front of a bunch of teddy bears.", "A black and white photo of a girl's face with teddy bears behind her. ", "A woman in a black and white photo with teddy bears.", "A smirking young woman surrounded by stuffed animals."]
["A white building with lots of people walking around it.", "A crowd of people walk along the road in front of a large building.", "People are walking past the building with historical significance.", "People walking near the clock tower of a building.", "A large building with people gathered in front."]
["Several pieces of ancient pottery painted with designs.", "A display of antique pottery with ancient markings.", "a bowl with some little vases next to it ", "Ancient pottery being displayed on an exhibit case.", "A bowl with some decorative vases on it."]
["Old vase with red and white decorations on it. ", "A lovely old clay colored vase that has a crack from top to bottom.", "A tan vase with face carved into it in display case.", "A very old looking pot is on display.", "a historical vase on display in a museum"]
["A vase of red roses are sitting on a table.", "A flower vase full of flowers that are very pretty. ", "A bouquet of red roses in a white vase on a table.", "A bouquet of fourteen roses inside a white vase.", "A bouquet of red roses in a white vase."]
["A white vase filled with roses sits near a fridge. ", "On the bedrroom dresser is a vase with  a half dozen red roses ", "The red roses are sitting in the white vase.", "A white vase holds a bouquet of red roses.", "A vase that has flowers inside of it."]
["A pair of rusty scissors sitting on a floor.", "Some rusted scissors are lying on the ground near a pole.", "Rusty pair of scissors laying open on an old floor.", "a pair of rusty scissors sits by a pole ", "A pair of rusty, old scissors lays on the ground next to a post."]
["Three pairs of scissor sitting next to each other.", "A close of three pairs of scissors on a chair. ", "Three scissors are layed out on a table", "There are three pairs of scissors sitting on fabric.", "A set of 3 scissors laid out on a carpeted table."]
["a man that is cutting some kind of paper ", "A man carefully cuts a piece of paper with scissors.", "A man cutting something with a pair of scissors.", "A man with glasses on holding something while cutting it.", "A man cutting a piece of plastic with scissors."]
["A woman holding a teddy bear on a table.", "A small white stuffed bear on a table.", "The stuffed teddy bear is wearing a pink and white dress.", "A young person is holding a small dressed-up bear. ", "A teddy bear is on top of a children's book."]
["A young Asian child holds a teddy bear.", "There is a little boy holding a stuffed bear.", "A young asian boy holding a teddy bear in a red sweater. ", "A child is holding a teddy bear close to his face.", "a little boy that has a teddy bear in hand"]
["A man and woman cutting the umbilical cord of a baby.", "Three adults cutting the umbilical cord on a baby.", "A woman and man stand over a baby.", "A group of people cutting the umbilical cord of a baby.", "The couple is cutting the umbilical cord on the baby. "]
["A few kids sitting with teddy bears at a table.", "Three children sit with a collection of stuffed bears ", "Three children pose with the teddy bears on the table", "A couple of kids with some stuffed bears on a table.", "there are three young children standing behind stuffed bears"]
["A stuffed teddy bear laying on top of a bed.", "A stuffed toy is packed in a bag.", "A tan stuffed animal in black cloth with a button.", "a smal teddy bear sitting on a bed underneath some clothing", "A teddy bear is sitting in a pocket with a button. "]
["THERE IS A STUFF ANIMAL TOY WITH DIFFERENT PARTS ", "Some parts of a stuffed bear sit in a box. ", "There is a broken stuffed bear inside of a animals cage.", "A couple of teddy bears are ripped in pieces.", "Parts of a stuffed bear laying in a box."]
["A group of small stuffed animals sitting on top of a table.", "Three stuffed animals on the table beside some snacks and papers.", "A child is holding stuffed animals on a table", "A child's hand props up three different small stuffed animals.", "A group of stuffed animals make an expression for the camera."]
["A girl holds a teddy bear while an adult stands behind her.", "Vintage photo child with teddy bear and fleece with woman in background", "A small child is holding a teddy bear.", "A little girl is holding a teddy bear.", "A young child holding a stuffed brown teddy bear."]
["A black and white picture of a teddy bear", "Two people hold a stuffed toy up together.", "A black and white image of two people holding a stuffed bear. ", "Adult and child hands on a teddy bear.", "Two people holding up a small white teddy bear. "]
["A group of children with teddy bears lined up for a photo.", "Several children standing in a group holding teddy bears.", "Many boys and girls holding teddy bears in a business.", "A group of kids holding teddy bears while standing. ", "Several children holding teddy bears in a store."]
["People standing around a table with plates on it.", "people having a cookout celebration in their backyard", "a party with orange and pink decoration and food", "A group of people standing around a table.", "A few people are eating food at a party."]
["a close up of many plates of food on a table ", "A breakfast with plates set for a group of people.", "Plates of breakfast items and a camera sitting on a table.", "Several breakfast plates on a table in a restaurant.", "Table set for five laden with breakfast food. "]
["Breakfast for four with omelets, fried eggs, bacon, ham, french toast and pancakes.", "The breakfast is done and ready to eat. ", "This is a picture of what looks like to be a delicious breakfast.", "Breakfasts at a restaurant include omelets, pancakes, toast, bacon, scrambles, and french toast.", "People are sitting at a table eating breakfast."]
["A white plate topped with gravy covered food on top of a table.", "A white plate with some food on it. ", "A plate with two pieces of bread and a plate with potatoes and gravy on top on a table with a fork and napkin. ", "A plate of food on a table with other plates in the background.", "A plate of food that is covered in cheese."]
["A close-up of a plate of food that has been eaten.", "A white plate topped with a piece of food sitting next to plastic glasses.", "A white dinner plate with some food still on it.", "The last slice of cheesy mexican pie on a plate at the table", "A most-eaten plate of food has a few bites left."]
["a table top with some food on it ", "A tray with a yogurt parfait, fresh fruit, and some type of toast.", "A wooden tray holding toast, fruit and a cereal parfait.", "The healthy food is ready to be eaten on the table.", "a very healthy snack with a glass of water."]
["A group of people waiting at a table at a restaurant.", "A large group of people sitting at a table at a pizza parlor.", "a long table with people drinks and a red and white table cloth", "A large group of people are sitting at a table together. ", "A lot of people that are sitting on a table."]
["A couple of guys that are sitting on couches.", "A couple of young men sitting in a living room with plates of food.", "Two men at table eating in room eating.", "A man an woman eating food on their coffee table ", "This is two people about to eat some food with chopsticks."]
["A person at a table with a bowl of food.", "A man that is sitting at a table with a bowl.", "A man is eating food in a bowl", "A man has a spoon in a large bowl.", "The man is smiling and eating food with chopsticks. "]
["a close up of a person holding a wine glass", "A man is looking into a glass of wine.", "A man is holding a wine goblet with wine.", "A man holding a wine glass in his hand.", "a man holding onto a wine glass with some wine in it "]
["A man getting ready to toast a wine glass.", "A wine expert is teaching elderly about fancy wine.", "there is a waiter that is speaking to people", "A man standing in a room holding up a  glass of wine.", "The sommelier is holding a glass of wine in his hand."]
["Two men are checking out several wines in a crowded room.", "A group of people by a counter with some bottles.", "A group of people are standing near a wine rack.", "A group of people are at a wine tasting.", "People talking and drinking in a party.  "]
["Man and woman holding glasses of wine in front of a television.", "a close up of two people holding wine glasses", "A woman and a man stand smiling in front of many bottles of wine.", "A beautiful woman with nice breast standing next to a man.", "A man and a woman in front of a table full of wine."]
["A group of people are standing around with glasses.", "A group of young people engaged in a party setting.", "A group of people gathering at a house.", "A crowd of people standing at a social get together.", "A crowd of people standing around the inside of a restaurant."]
["Two men sitting in front of a brick building holding skis.", "Two snowboarders sit with their backs to a brick wall.", "Two people dressed in snow attire sitting against a brick wall with two snowboard leaning against it.", "Two skiers geared in full gear leaning against a brick wall.", "A snowboarder and a skier sit side-by-side along a brick wall."]
["There are several people standing next to motor cycles.", "A group of motorcyclers wait underneath an awning for the rain to stop.", "A group of cyclist standing under the roof of a building with motorcycles parked while raining.", "The motorcycle riders are taking cover from the rain.", "there are many people trying to avoid the rain"]
["A kitchen area with sink, dishwasher and refrigerator.", "This is a picture of a kitchen with a fridge, sink, and dishwasher.", "A washing machine is sitting next to a dishwasher in a kitchen.", "A small kitchen has teal green walls and a small window.", "an empty kitchen that also has a dishwasher and washing machine"]
["A couple of men standing next to each other at a ribbon cutting ceremony.", "Two men cutting a ribbon at a ceremony", "Two men in business suits cut a red ribbon.", "Two men in suits cut a ribbon at a ceremony. ", "two men are cutting a ribbon with scissors"]
["A television with a video game logo sits in front of two trays with controllers.", "a couple of chairs in front of a television", "A flat screen TV sitting on top of a wooden counter.", "Two TV trays set with gaming devices in front of a screen.", "A flat screen television on a wooden cabinet with electronics below it and two trays with computer controllers on them."]
["The kitchen has shiny counter tops and brown wood-grain cabinets.", "A just remodeled kitchen that will be ready for use.", "The large kitchen has many wooden cabinets and drawers.", "An empty kitchen with new cabinets, a faucet and a stove.", "a sink a silver oven some brown cabinets and a black counter"]
["Man reaching for flying disc with defender attempting to prevent.", "A couple of men playing frisbee against each other.", "A group of people with a Frisbee on a field.", "Two young men are competing over the Frisbee. ", "Two men both fighting over a white frisbee. "]
["two people on a snowy surface with a sky background", "A pair of men and a dog standing on a snow covered hill.", "people walking while wearing ski gear on a snow covered bank.", "2 people and a dog stand on a hill in the snow.", "Two people in show gear standing on a slope with a flag."]
["A small kitchen with low a ceiling ", "A small kichen area with a sunlight and and angled ceiling.", "an image of a kitchen loft style setting", "a small kitchen with a lot of filled up shelves ", "A kitchen with a slanted ceiling and skylight."]
["A man preparing food inside of a kitchen with a  small bird on his shoulder like snow white while wearing a cheap chefs hat.", "a man in the kitchen cutting something on a cutting board", "a man in a chefs hat chopping food", "Man wearing chef hat with bird on shoulder having a disaster in kitchen.", "a man is cutting some food at a kitchen counter"]
["Man flying a colorful dragon kite in a blue sky", "A person that is holding kite in a hand.", "Man holds kite like object in his hands ", "A person attempting to launch a kite into the wind.", "A man flies a kite with a long length of tail."]
["a woman is holding a spoon in a kitchen", "A woman is standing in a kitchen with an apron on.", "a lady that is posing for a picture", "A woman wearing an apron holds a wooden spoon by a kitchen sink", "The woman is happy about her homemaking skills."]
["A woman preparing food at a restaurant for customers.", "People are gathered around at a bright green diner counter.", "Workers making smoothies to serve to customers at a smoothie shop.", "Several people are sitting at a restaurant as staff work.", "people are ordering juice while others are making them."]
["A kitchen with canisters on the neat counter ", "A kitchen has all white appliances and cabinets.", "A kitchen counter is lined with multiple objects.", "A nice clean kitchen and the cabinets are shiny that you can see a reflection.", "A kitchen with a sink, cutting board and refrigerator."]
["A beautiful woman sitting on top of a kitchen counter.", "a lady putting up a poster in her kitchen", "A young woman hangs up a poster in a kitchen.", "A woman sitting on a kitchen counter putting something on the wall", "A woman sitting on a kitchen counter hanging something."]
["A kitchen sink with a basket of vegetables and knives beside it.", "A kitchen scene with focus on the sink and counter with vegetables.", "The kitchen is equippedthe tools for chopping. ", "A small kitchen has a basket of vegetables on it.", "The kitchen sink is surrounded by knives, vegetables and paper towels."]
["A kitchen with a wooden counter next to an oven with a stove.", "an image of a kitchen setting with potted plants", "A kitchen with green walls and plants on the windowsill", "A kitchen with plants sitting in the window", "A small kitchen has appliances and houseplants on the window sill."]
["a kitchen filled with lots of counter top space and cooking utensils.", "A small, white kitchen with many buckets ", "A white kitchen has no cabinet doors in it.", "A small kitchen with a stove, sink small refrigerator and no cabinets.", "A small kitchen area has open cabinet spaces. "]
["A woman standing with her hands on her hips", "A woman standing in a kitchen with her hands on her hips.", "A woman standing up in a small kitchen.", "A woman standing in a kitchen with a concerned look on her face.", "A woman stands in a small kitchenette area."]
["A chef in a kitchen standing next to a counter with jars and containers.", "The chef has already canned several jars of foodstuff.", "a chef in a kitchen with jars bowls and machines", "a chef in a white chef coat leaning on a table with three white bowls", "A chef is leaning on his counter with green jars on it. "]
["A clean kitchen with a wall that has a blackboard", "A kitchen with a table in the center and a blackboard on the wall.", "A kitchen with a window and center island.", "a kitchen with a lot lights and a big chalkboard on the side ", "A kitchen with a window, oven, island and dishwasher. "]
["A woman preparing food while standing in a kitchen.", "A woman is working with her blender on her kitchen counter. ", "A woman working on a counter next to blender and a microwave.", "A woman cutting up something on a counter next to a blender.", "A woman is preparing a blender on a counter."]
["A white stove top oven sitting inside of a kitchen.", "A kitchen area features a white stove and light wood cabinets.", "A kitchen scene with focus on the oven.", "a gas burning oven in an almost vacant kitchen", "A kichen with wooden cabinets and a white range."]
["A kitchen with lots of black counter top space.", "A kitchen with a black counter top and wooden cabinets", "Wood cabinets in a kitchen with a dark granite counter.", "A kitchen counter that includes a sink, utensils and a toaster.", "The kitchen counter is made of dark marble, while the cabinets are wood."]
["A hall way with family photos on the wall leading to a kitchen and dining area with wood floors.", "A kitchen with wood floors and wood cabinets.", "A fully furnished apartment with photos, a table, and a bookshelf amongst other things. ", "There is a table and chairs in the middle of a kitchen.", "The kitchen and dining room of a house."]
["A kitchen area with a stove, counter and kids kitchen set.", "A play kitchen is set up next to the real kitchen.", "A clean kitchen counter is seen in this photograph.", "A kitchen granite counter with a stove on it.", "a stove is built into a kitchen counter top"]
["A man is looking at his laptop screen reading live posts.", "a man wearing glasses looking at a computer", "The person is working on the computer live. ", "A man working on a laptop with a screen behind him", "A man on a laptop at a desk in a contest ad."]
["A stove top oven with two pans on top of it.", "A kitchen with two pots on the stove with lids.", "This is a red kitchen with an oven and cooking supplies.", "Residential home kitchen with food being prepared on stove.", "A kitchen stove with spices and sauces on a shelf."]
["a miniature kitchen with a little fridge, stove and small table and stools", "A kitchen with tiled floors and wallpapered walls. ", "A doll house kitchen with to scale appliances.", "A dollhouse kitchen is decorated with bright colors. ", "The kitchen is equipped with all the appropriate appliances."]
["A plate with two hot dogs and a cup of coke on a table next to a bike.", "Two hotdogs with mustard on a plate with a soft drink sitting on a table with a bike nearby.", "Two hot dogs sit on a white paper plate near a soda cup which are sitting on a green picnic table while a bike and a silver car are parked nearby.", "A picture of two hot dogs and a cup of soda", "Table near car with a bicycle along side and a plate with two hot dogs and a coke."]
["A teenager in a bathroom looking at a stand alone shower.", "A teenager is walking into a bathroom with bad wallpaper.", "a bathroom with a sink, toilet and a window", "A candid shot of a woman walking in a bathroom .", "A small rectangular window in a home bathroom"]
["A yellow stripped cat sitting in a bathroom sink.", "a cat sitting in a bathroom sink looking at the floor.", "closeup of a cat in a bathroom sink", "A brown cat sitting in a bathroom sink.", "An orange tabby cat lying in a bathroom sink."]
["A pristine modern bathroom, toilet, sink and bathtub.", "A white toilet sitting next to a bathroom sink.", "There is a toilet, sink and tub in a bathroom.", "A white bathroom with gray tiles with a tub, sink, and toilet ", "Bathroom with all white amenities and dark tiled floor."]
["the sink, mirror and toilet in a white bathroom", "A bathroom is shown with odd artwork on the wall.", "A white sink and a toilet in a small room.", "That bathroom has not been cleaned very well.", "a bath room with a sink a mirror and a toilet"]
[" many tables arranged outside at the shop", "People ride bicycles outside of a Bosch bowling alley. ", "A row of table and chairs and people riding bikes outside of business.", "A couple of people riding bikes outside a shop", "One story store front with row of chairs and tables, and bikers."]
["I am unable to see the image above.", "Green accented store window with bicycles in the display area and a green bench out front.", "Two bicycles are sitting in a window that is behind a park bench and two chairs.", "A storefront that has bicycles in the window", "A couple of bikes are in a shop window"]
["A toilet that is in a bathroom under a pole.", "a toilet that is in a small bathroom", "Bathroom picture featuring a toilet, handicap bars and colorful brick walls.", "A public toilet with large white ceramic tiled walls and metal railings.", "A bathroom with toilet, hand rail assist bars and toilet paper.  "]
["A photo taken through a bathroom door of a bathroom.", "A bathroom that is kept neat and tidy.", "Entryway to a bathroom, toilet and sink prominent", "a bathroom with a toilet a sink and a mirror", "This bathroom is all white and has a framed mirror on the wall"]
["A man riding a bike through a lush green park.", "a young male riding a bicycle near a forest area", "Single person in red shirt riding a bicycle made for two. ", "A man riding a bicycle on a path in a park.", "One person riding a two seater bike on a path."]
["A bathroom with a poster of an ugly face above the toilette.", "A bathroom with a white toilet and sink.", "Large bathroom with light flowing in the window.", "A small bathroom with a toilet by the window and a pedestal sink with a mirrored medicine cabinet over it", "A bathroom with a toilet and a sink."]
["A bathroom with black and white tiles all around it.", "a tub a sink a mirror a rug and some black and white tiles", "a bath room with a bath tub and a sink", "A sink that is underneath a mirror in a bathroom.", "a bathroom that has a sink and a bath tub"]
["A bathroom with a white toilet next to a sink.", "A plain, white bathroom shown with toilet, sink, and shower.", "A toilet, sink and shower in a white bathroom.", "A white bathroom has a toilet, sink and shower.", "A bathroom has a toilet, sink, and shower in it."]
["A bike parked in the  middle of a sidewalk next to a street.", "a bike that is leaning up against a rail", "THERE IS A BIKE THAT IS PARKED ON THE STREET", "A bicycle with baskets front and back, leaning on a railing on a city street. ", "Picture of bike resting against a bar with storm clouds in sky"]
["A white sink and toilet in a small bathroom.", "a small blue and white bathroom with a tub toilet and sink", "A bathroom contain a shower, sink, toilet, toilet paper roll and window.", "A bathroom with a toilet next to a tub and a sink.", "A neat and clean bathroom in blue and white."]
["A view into a bathroom with a white toilet, tub and a wooden cabinet sink.", "A bathroom with a sink, tub, and toilet.", "a bathroom that has a toilet and a sink", "A bathroom with a white sink, bathtub and toilet", "A small white bathroom with a wooden cabinet."]
["The bus has bikes on the front of it ", "A person getting on a bus that has bicycles on the rack.", "A CITY BUS IS ON THE STREET COMING THRU", "A city bus stops at the edge of the road to pick up passengers.", "Two bicycles on the bicycle rack of a commuter bus."]
["A pirstine white and black bathroom with a tub by a window", "a bathroom with a large mirror a sink and a bath tub", "A sweater sits on a stool in a bathroom. ", "The bathroom counter with ornaments and towels on it.", "A bathroom at the Radisson Royal Hotel Moscow."]
["A bathroom with all black fixtures in it.", "a bathroom with two sinks and a black tub ", "A very minimalistic bathroom with a black tub and sink. ", "A bathroom is decorated in modern Japanese style", "This is an image of a very nice bathroom."]
["A minimalist room features white appliances and beige walls.", "This is a state of the art bathroom where the appliances don't look like they should", "a room filled with white furniture and books on the ground. ", "A modern restroom with a weird looking sink, toilet, and shower.", " room with a book and a white carpet"]
["A van has an open back door on the sidewalk.", "A black cat that's sitting in the road by two parked vehicles. ", "A few cars on a street with a black cat sitting in the middle. ", "A black cat foolishly sitting in the middle of a road.", "Back door of a vehicle is left open, and a cat a short distance away."]
["An orange and white cat sitting on metal surface at night.", "An orange and white cat sitting on a table.", "A cat sitting on the hood of a car at night.", "A cat sitting on the hood of a car.", "A cat is sitting on a table in the dark."]
["Some very cute small dogs laying by each other.", "A white dog sleeping while harnessed into the car.", "The two dogs are laying down on the seat together.", "Two dogs are sleeping on a car seat.", "Two animals laying beside each other on a blanket."]
["Two dogs are is sitting in the back seat of a car.", "Two dogs sitting on a mat in the back of an automobile. ", "There are two figs that are sitting in the car seat", "Two dogs sitting in backseat of a car on a blanket.", "Two dogs are sitting in the back seat of the car."]
["The dog with a cartoon collar is looking out of a car window.", "A dog looking out of a car window, in the passenger seat.", "A dog with a cat collar riding in the car", "a dog stares out the window of a car ", "A dog wearing a collar looking out the window of a car."]
["A man drives his car down a road with foot and animal traffic", "a close up of a person driving a car on a road ", "A photo taken from within a car of a small street in a rural town ", "A person is in a car on the street near some cattle and a man on a bike.", "A car driving up the road and in front of it is several cows in the road."]
["a library with rounded walls full of books", "A bookshelf that is filled with books indoors.", "The library wall with many bookshelves has a mirror on it. ", "An arched gallery of a library with floor to ceiling bookshelves.", "The books are placed neatly on a wall of bookshelves."]
["A white toilet with a wooden toilet seat.", "A toilet with the wooden lid and seat raised up and a black tile floor below.", "A two sectional toilet looks clean and shiny.", "A bathroom toilet has a separation piece in it.", "A toilet with a wooden lit and two unique bowls."]
["A group of people are playing some musical instruments.", "A group of people sitting around a table under a clock.", "Man and woman playing instruments with mirror reflecting", "Mirrored image of three musicians playing in a windowless room.", "Three people playing music sitting next to a mirror."]
["The child stands beside a toilet bowl with a light inside it.", "A little boy flushing a toilet with a blue light in it.", "A kid and a toilet in a room.", "A boy is looking at a wash room display.", "a young kid stares inside of a toilet "]
["Several adults engaged in arts and crafts with children.", "kids with their parents playing in a room", "Several people with kids sitting around and making arts and crafts.", "parents doing some crafts with their little girl ", "Two adults sit at a table with a child nearby in a room full of kids."]
["A toilet in a restroom next to a toilet paper dispenser", "There is a pink toilet seat on the toilet in the bathroom. ", "There is a toilet with the seat up.", "a pink plastic toilet seat in a bathroom", "A special toilet with an electronic seat and lid."]
["A toilet with a red seat sitting next to a paper towel dispenser.", "The toilet in the small bathroom has a bright orange seat.", "The toilet top was a bright orange color", "A bathroom with a red toilet seat and grey granite background.", "This toilet features an orange ring on it"]
["A toilet has been turned on it's side out in a yard.", "A toilet on its side in the bushes.", "A toilet that is laying on the ground outside.", "a broken toilet bowl base overturned in a shrubbery next to dirt and rocks.", "an image of a broken toilet thrown in the bushes"]
["A composting toilet is shown for sale at a store.", "A table featuring various books and a compositing toilet.", "A table display of different types of toilets.", "A store display has a toilet and some books.", "A store display of toilets, one being a composting toilet."]
["A motorcycle sits on a sidewalk near a building", "A woman behind a three wheeled motorcycle parked outside a building.", "A black motorcycle parked in front of a building on a street.", "a woman stands next to a parked bike ", "A three wheeled motorcycle is parked in front of a building."]
["An unusual Japanese bathroom with a toilet, urinal, and sink.", "A white urinal sitting between a toilet and a sink.", "A urinal sits between the sink and toilet with handicap accessories.", "A toilet with a sink, mirror and tiled floors", "A bathroom that has a complex looking toilet in it."]
["A group of people shopping inside a foreign market", "The motorbikes are parked outside the Suzuki shop.", "Motorcycles are parked out side of a motorcycle shop.", "A suzuki shop with lots of motorcycles parked in front  of it.", "Motorcycles are parked in a dirt parking lot in front of a motorcycle shop where people are walking around."]
["A person on a motor bike on the street.", "A street in a city that has outside dining.", "A man driving by on his motorcycle on a brick road next to city store fronts and restaurants. ", "A motorcycle that is on a street where there are also a number of people dining outside.", "A man rides a motorcycle down a city street."]
["Food and a spoon sit on a plate on a table.", "A coffee cake sitting on a blue plate with a spoon containing a smiley face.", "A piece of cake on a blue plate.", "A piece of cake on a blue plate with a spoon and a smiley face cut into the handle", "Desert on a blue plate getting ready to be eaten."]
["An open beige toilet with some sort of meter across the seat.", "A toilet with a monitoring device attached to the seat. ", "A toilet is equipped with digital design for medical purposes.", "A toilet with the lid up that has a meter or sensor across the seat", "A toilet seat with lots of options on the seat."]
["there is a sony lap top on a table along with other things ", "a table that has a laptop and some other things on it", "A laptop computer sitting next to knitting equpment.", "A table with a computer, yarn, a glass and several other objects. ", "Pile of strings and books next to a laptop computer."]
["A white toilet sitting next to a tub next to a sink", "A bathroom that includes a toilet, sink and windows.", "View of a bathroom with while tiles and an open toilet.", "A bathroom which has a large portion of missing tile on the upper part of a wall.", "A bathroom with all white fixtures and a wood floor."]
["A bowl of food with meat in a sauce, broccoli and cucumbers. ", "Curry chicken, broccoli, cauliflower and zucchini with curry sauce.", "Tofu with gravy sits in a bowl with veggies.", "a large white bowl with tofu, broccoli, squash, and cauliflower ", "There is a plate of tofu and vegetables in a curry sauce."]
["A group of motorcyclists stay in a group in traffic.", "Group of motorcyclist riding motorcycles down a highway.", "Many people on their bikes are near a pink vehicle. ", "Group of people riding mopeds on the street.", "A pink car waits with a group of mopeds and motorcycles at an intersection."]
["Two unattended motorcycles parked somewhere near a red car.", "Some very cool looking motorcycles parked by each other.", "Two motorcycles are parked in front of a brick wall.", "two motorcycle sparked near one another near a building", "Two motorcycles that are standing near a brick wall."]
["A cat sitting on a desk next to a window.", "This is an image of a cat sitting on a desk.", "A fluffy cat sitting on a desk by a window.", "A cat sitting on a kitchen counter near a window.", "A black and white cat sitting on someones' desk."]
["A cat is laying in front of a laptop and a monitor.  ", "A black-and-white tuxedo cat sleeping next to an open laptop computer.", "A black and white car laying on a desk by a laptop computer.", "A cat curled up sleeping on a desk beside a laptop ", "Cat on desk sleeping with head on laptop computer."]
["a yellow and blue cart is parked on a street", "Colorful motor vehicles parked at curb near tree lined park like area.", "There is a corful vehicle that is parked in the dtreet", "A long motorcycle tram sitting on the side of a  road.", "A row of trailer busses are on the side of the road."]
["The cat was eating out of her bowl which was sitting on the floor.", "A cat that is eating out of a silver bowl. ", "a cat has its face in a white bowl", "A cat eating out of a glass bowl on top of a hardwood floor.", "a cat eating some food out of a ball "]
["A laptop computer is propped up on a cluttered desk.", "A messy desk with a small laptop on it. ", "A laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.", "A cluttered desk with a laptop and food items", "Laptop on a messy desk in a messy office."]
["A cat sits on a desk in front of a computer. ", "A black and white cat laying on top of a computer desk.", "A cat sits on the top of a computer desk.", "A cat sleeps on top of a computer desk.", "a cat stretched out on a computer desk"]
["A glazed donut propped against a cup of coffee.", "A glazed doughnut and a cup of coffee.", "a duncan donut with a cup of coffee", "A glazed donut sitting up against a Dunkin Donut cup.", "A doughnut is sitting next to a cup of coffee."]
["A group of motor scooters parked in front of a building.", "THERE ARE MOTOR BIKES THAT ARE LINED ON THE STREET ", "there are many scooters parked together on the street", "A street with a group of moped bikes parked in a row between other vehicles and people standing on the sidewalk next to them.", "Several people and parked mopeds in line in front of a business."]
["A messy desk is shown with a laptop computer.", "A desk with various piles of paper next to a laptop.", "A desk cluttered with paper and things and a laptop that is on.", "The office desk is cluttered with disorganized papers and an address book.", "The organizer is sitting next to the computer screen."]
["A group of motorcycle riders racing down a track.", "Two motorcyclists taking a turn in a track race. ", "People are riding on motorcycles around a track.", "People are racing motorcycles on a race track.", "These two riders are far ahead of the ones behind them."]
["some oranges are stacked up in a bowl", "A clear glass bowl of navel oranges on a glittering table.", "A clear bowl filled with citrus fruit on a textured surface.", "A bowl full of oranges sitting on a counter.", "A number of ripe tangerines inside of a glass bowl."]
["Men and women are riding on motorcycles on the street", "Two motorcycles driving down a freeway through traffic.", "Two women riding on the back of somebody else motorcycles", "Motorcycle riders with passengers on metropolitan highway in traffic.", "People riding down the road on their bikes "]
["A stoplight and utility lines with a brick building.", "A traffic light is red near a building with windows.", "a red light sits on top of a brick building ", "Stoplight with power lines above and a gray brick building below.", "A street sign, in the middle of an intersection. "]
["A biker with a helmet on is standing behind two motorcycles.", "A man in a helmet is standing beside two parked motorcyced", "A guy with a helmet on stands next to a motorcycle.", "A man is standing next to  two motorcycles.", "A picture of a person in leather and helmet standing behind two motorcycles."]
["a couple of people on some motorcycles ", "A boy riding on the back of a motorcycle.", "these two men are riding a bike together", "A couple of men riding a motorcycle down a street.", "two men on a scooter riding down the roadway"]
["A person riding a motorcycle on a playground.", "A person riding a motorbike through a playground.", "A rider on a blue motorcycle at an amusement park.", "A motorcyclist is attached to a tower via cords.", "A person riding a motorized scooter through a park."]
["A man riding on the back of a green motorcycle.", "A man is doing a trick on his dirtbike in midair.", "A person up in the air with a motor bike.", "Man and his motorcycle flying through the air.", "A motorcycle rider goes airborne and does tricks."]
["A laptop sits on a metal table by a metal stool.", "A laptop computer rests on a small table behind french doors. ", "A table that has a laptop computer on it.", "there is a lap top that is on a small table", "A laptop with a mouse is on a small desk."]
["A yellow motorcycle passing by people behind a barrier.", "a person riding a motorcycle on a city street", "A police motor bike moves past as crowd watches", "A man riding a police motorcycle down a street.", "A policeman dressed in green, on a green motorcycle in the street and a large group of people watching behind a barricade."]
["A mattress is laying on a shiny wooden floor.", "A single bed mattress near a TV sitting on the ground. ", "A bed sitting on top of a hard wood floor.", "A bed and a television in a room.", "A mattress is placed on a wooden floor next to a television and shoes."]
["Plane on the tar mat of an airport.", "An airplane stationary on a runway next to the gate. ", "a plane waiting at the tarmac as a bunch of cars are parked in front of it", "A large jet is parked just outside the hangar area", "A dim runway has an airplane on it."]
["An airplane being serviced while parked at a gate at the airport.", "People moving luggage carts to load onto an airplane.", "People standing next to luggage carts loading luggage on an airplane.", "A plane is seen being loaded at the airport", "An airport landing strip and apron area with an airplane parked and a grounds crew next to luggage equipment."]
["A formation of airplanes flying through a cloudy blue sky.", "A group of airplanes flying in formation in the sky.", "A formation of planes flying in the sky.", "Several small airplanes flying high up in the sky.", "A group of four military airplanes in a flight formation."]
["The landing gear is down as the airliner comes in for a landing. ", "A passenger airplane with it's landing gear extended and that is descending towards a landing strip.", "A large plane about to land by the beach.", "a plane flying over a beach and beach front buildings", "a large airplane coming in for a landing"]
["An assortment of flying objects including kites and airplanes hung inside a building.", "A bunch of paper items that are hanging from a ceiling.", "A room filled with kites hanging from a glass ceiling.", "Several exotic kits hang from a glass ceiling.", "a ground view up into the sky seing a paper airplanes "]
["A table topped with a bottle of alcohol and a plastic cup.", "A can of tonic water, gordons  gin bottle  and a plaster cup with ice lemon and straw is sitting on the table. ", "A glass with a can of tonic and a bottle of gin.", "A plastic cup stands near a bottle and a can.", "The counter has all the ingredients necessary to make gin and tonic."]
["a large silver plane is put on display at a museum", "A small metal plane with a man sitting inside of it.", "a very old airplane that is inside a buliding", "a silver black and white airplane on display", "A silver airplane that is on supports in a museum. "]
["An airplane sitting on top of an airport runway.", "A airplane that is sitting in front of a terminal.", "a white jet is parked at an airport and some clouds", "A plane parked beside an airport with a sunrise in the background.", "A jetliner pulled up to the airport terminal. "]
["A giraffe stand alone in a zoo during the day. ", "A giraffe standing next to a very large rock.", "A lone giraffe standing with a pile of dirt in the foreground", "A giraffe is standing next to some trees.", "A giraffe stands with his head above a tall rock; some green trees are in the background."]
["A park bench has been crushed by something", "One bench next to a damaged and bent bench in the park.", "A set of grayish green metal park benches, one of which is damaged.", "A bent up park bench is sitting beside a good bench with a river and seagull behind.", "One of the park benches along the water is crushed in."]
["a couple of red light and a green light ", "A street at night with traffic lights and a car.", "A red traffic light sitting on the corner of a street.", "An intersection on a street, the traffic light is red.", "The red traffic light illuminates the dark street."]
["A large passenger plane on the tarmac of an airport.", "Large passenger planed on runway with cloudy blue sky overhead.", "An airplane is parked on the large runway.", "Plane on tarmac being checked by worker on side", "an air plane being loaded with passengers luggage"]
["Many sheep grazing in a large, green pasture.", "Many sheep graze in a grassy pasture in a valley. ", " A flock of sheep spread out in  a grassy pasture.", "A large herd of sheep grazing in a pasture,", "A large group of sheep are grazing in a field."]
["A giraffe standing on top of a dirt field near trees.", "Some very pretty giraffes in a big enclosure.", "Two giraffes stand in a fenced off area.", "Several giraffe on a dirt surface surrounded by vegetation.", "A couple of giraffes are standing in an enclosure."]
["A giraffe looking over the corral fence in his zoo habitat. ", "Some very cute giraffes by a very tall fence.", "A couple of giraffe standing by a fence.", "Two giraffes standing by the fence in a zoo. ", "A giraffe puts its head over the fence of its enclosure."]
["A passenger jetliner sitting on top of a tarmac at an airport.", "A large commercial plane sitting on a tarmac.", "An airplane is parked on an airport runway.", "A large white plane sits on a run way.", "An airplane parked on a runway with the name \"Star Alliance\" on the side of the plane."]
["Three giraffes are eating and grooming each other.", "Three giraffes shown in a closeup with their tongues extended.", "Two smaller giraffes stick their tongues out toward a larger giraffe.", "A group of giraffes kissing in a zoo enclosure.", "Three giraffes standing together, each with its tongue out. "]
["A person holding an old phone showing it to the camera.", "A person holding an air-phone on a Cathay Pacific flight.", "Someone is holding a cordless phone over his lap.", "A man holding a phone in his left hand.", "Person's hand holding a guest phone on a Cathay Pacific flight."]
["Commercial jetliners fly over an amusement park with a Ferris wheel.", "a couple of big planes fly through the sky ", "The two airplanes are flying towards the ferris wheel.", "Two commercial jets flying over a large ferris wheel.", "two large air planes flying in the sky with a ferris wheel"]
["A herd of sheep passing by people behind barriers.", "People look at sheep walking in line to the back of a red truck.", "Many grey sheep are being herded into the back of a truck.", "many sheep in an enclosed area with people near by", "People watching the unloading of a herd of sheep off a truck."]
["A crowd of people standing on top of a beach.", "Three small planes and their passengers stand just beyond the tide line.", "A sunny beach has three airplanes facing the water.", "Three airplanes and people on an ocean beach.", "a beach with people and three different airplanes"]
["A large jetliner with a painting on the side of it's cabin.", "An airplane with an advertisement on it sitting near a building.", "a very large airplane parked at a airport", "A large airplane sits at a gate at an airport.", "A LARGE AIRPLANE THAT HAS LANDED AT THE AIRPORT"]
["Orange seats on a train with Yellow doors and lime green floors.", "A seat on an empty commuter train with closed doors.", "Empty seats on a city train line mass transportation unit.", "A small red couch in a long room", "Bench on a train with a heater under the seat."]
["A wild animal on a rocky hill with a few plants", "A goat standing on the side of a rocky cliff.", "a goat climbing  the side of a rocky mountain", "A ram stands on the side of a rocky cliff", "There is a big horn sheep standing on the rocky side of a mountain."]
["a ram on the side of a mountain on a rock", "a ram standing on the rocks of a canyon.", "A ram with large horns is standing on a boulder.", "A ram stands on rocks on the hillside.", "A ram stands on a steep, rocky hill."]
["A plane flying  over a fence away from the airport", "A plane is coming in for a landing.", "An airplane is headed in for its landing.", "A low-flying plane seen in the distance flies above a runway. ", "A large jet flying over a an airport under a cloudy sky."]
["Two cats are laying down together sleeping. ", "Two cats cuddled together on a concrete pad.", "TWO CATS LYING TOGETHER SLEEPING ON A BENCH", "Two very cute cats laying together near some grass.", "Two multi-colored cats sleeping together snuggled up outside."]
["Two photos of an airplane in the air.", "A double shot of a blybe airplane in the sky. ", "Two images of a propeller passenger airplane flying.", "Two pictures of the same jet flying in the air.", "a double picture of the same flying aircraft"]
["Closeup of a computer dashboard with flashing lights and numbers.", "Lit dashboard gauges displayed in dark vehicle environment.\n", "A car dashboard shows different gauges, speed, and mileage.", "a close up of a car speedometer on a dark background", "A lighted dashboard of a vehicle shows the time and miles."]
["A runway with multiple planes and clouds in the background.", "an air plane at an air port run way", "Several airplanes parked on airstrips at an airport.", "several planes at airstrip including one on runway", "A passenger plane that is taxiing on a runway."]
["A blue sky with puffy white clouds and the top of a stop light.", "A view of the clouds beyond the stoplight.", "A traffic light in front of a cloudy blue sky.", "Cloudy sky with a street light set to stop.", "A yellow streetlight beneath a sky full of clouds."]
["A man walking across a street near a traffic light.", "A man in blue shirt walking on street with building in the background.", "A man walking down a traffic light street intersection", "A man walking across an intersection in the city.", "A man walks about in a quiet intersection with the traffic lights changing behind him."]
["a city bus sits parked as people walk by it", "A group of buildings sitting below a cloudy blue sky.", "a bus that is parked next to a street", "The bus has stopped to pick up passengers.", "bus idling at bus stop with cityscape in the background"]
["A black and white photograph of people at a bus stop.", "A bunch of people boarding and waiting for buses during the day.", "A group of people with bags waiting to board a bus.", "people standing in a line to get on a bus", "A vintage photo of Jewish people getting on and off a passenger bus."]
["A stoplight that is green on the street.", "a traffic light in a big city with a building reflected in another buildings windows", "A building that is reflecting another building on its side.", "A city building's windows reflect other city buildings in the background; a traffic light is in the foreground. ", "a traffic light with a building in the background"]
["A city at night with a well lit blue building.", "A city street at night with an illuminated bridge nearby.", "Large lit up blue bridge in the dark of the night.", "A red stoplight in the distance on a street.", "a bridge lit up with some  blue lights "]
["a couple of people are in line at a vendor", "A street vendor selling hot dogs to the passer-byes.", "A merchant is selling food on a city street.", "a well-lit hot dog and pretzel cart in front of a street", "People buy food from a street vendor by a fire hydrant."]
["Group of giraffes standing near a puddle on the savannah.", "Four giraffes are standing by a small puddle of water.", "A herd of giraffe standing next to a watering hole on a grassy field.", "A family of giraffes standing by a puddle.", "Four giraffes are standing in front of a small puddle."]
["A group of giraffes drinking from big puddles of water. ", "A bunch of giraffes are drinking from a watering hole", "Giraffes are by standing water trying to crouch down and drink.", "five giraffes drinking water with a field behind them", "A here of zebra taking a drink from a stream."]
["A herd of sheep walking across a snow covered field.", "some black white and brown sheep eating some hay", "Sheep and yaks are standing around a bail of hay.", "White and black sheep are grazing in the snow.", "Sheep in a snow covered pasture are feeding from a bale of hay."]
["A Giraffe standing in green grass with a house in the background.", "A lone giraffe is in the green field.", "A giraffe standing in the open. There is a man made structure in back.", "a giraffe in a bushy ground staring with his long neck", "A giraffe standing alone in a large green field."]
["A giraffe cranes its head to look over a canopy.", "A tall giraffe standing under a tree on a lush green field.", "A giraffe with his head out of sight over a covering.", "Picture of a giraffe from the top of its legs to the bottom of its head.", "a close up shot of a giraffe's chest and long neck"]
["the giraffe is standing up eating from the tree", "Giraffe standing in a field in between a series of trees. ", "A giraffe that is standing in the grass.", "A sideways picture of a giraffe standing in a grassy area.", "A Giraffe standing on grass looking in the direction of trees. "]
["a bench near a table near a tree ", "a chair that is outside next to a tree", "an empty backyard is nicey arranged and set up", "A backyard with tables, shade trees, and a stepping stone path.", "A view of a tree, sitting in the grass."]
["A beautiful woman sitting on a bench, looking at a cell phone.", "a woman sitting on a bench next to a big plant", "a woman is siting outside on a wood bench", "woman wearing a black coat and boots sitting on wooden bench", "A women sitting on a bench while using her phone."]
["a close up of a box wit ha sign on it on a bench", "A book lays against the back of a gray bench.", "a book called our crowd sitting on a white bench", "A book called Our Crowd sitting on a bench.", "There is a book with paper folded inside and a post it on it. "]
["A giraffe in the wild all alone ", "A giraffe is standing in the wilderness next to a tree.", "A giraffe standing in a field with grass and trees", "A large giraffe standing in a grass field.", "a giraffe is standing in a grassy field"]
["Two giraffes near a tree in the wild.", "Two giraffes in a field in their natural habitat. ", "Two giraffes that are standing in the grass.", "two giraffes are enjoying eating leaves from a tree", "Two giraffes stand in a dry grassy field"]
["A giraffe standing in dirt field next to trees.", "A young giraffe standing in an open field.", "A small giraffe standing alone in the dirt", "a small giraffe standing still in a field", "A tall giraffe standing on a  dirty covered field"]
["An adult giraffe sits down while a baby giraffe investigates.", "Small giraffe stands, large giraffe sits on the ground.", "There are two giraffes together one is standing up while the other is laying down. ", "An adult giraffe rests while a baby giraffe smells the adult.", "A small giraffe putting it's face toward a large giraffe."]
["Two giraffes are walking and standing in the open field", "A giraffe tries to stand up on some dusty ground.", "a giraffe kneeling on the ground while a baby giraffe stands beside it", "A giraffe getting off the ground next to a standing giraffe", "A couple of giraffe standing on top of a dirt field."]
["A stop light on a oriental city street. ", "The electronic traffic signal has two arrows on it.", "The traffic lights in the city are directing traffic. ", "a traffic light with buildings in the background", "Somewhat confusing traffic turn lights in an oriental city"]
["A group of people waiting to cross a traffic filled street at a crosswalk.", "A group of pedestrians waiting to cross the street", "The stop light is green on a busy street intersection.", "A busy intersection in a city at the base of some mountains.", "Automobiles of various types drive down a street."]
["Two different giraffes standing around doing nothing. ", "Two adult giraffes standing and eating in enclosures.", "A couple of giraffe standing on top of a dirt field.", "Giraffes separated from each other by a wire and wood fence. ", "Three giraffes can be seen in zoo enclosures."]
["a close up of two giraffes with a rock background", "Two giraffes are peeking out between some rocks.", "A couple of giraffe standing in some rocks.", "Two giraffe standing next to each other near a stone mountain.", "two giraffes standing by some rocks with one making a silly face "]
["A couple of red buses traveling over a bridge spanning a rivers width.", "A bridge over a river with a buses and cars.", "two buses and a van going over a bridge", "Traffic passes over a bridge under a cloudy sky.  ", "a picture of vehicles going over a bridge during the day"]
["A single giraffe feeding on some thin tree branches.", "A giraffe eating the green leaves at the top of a tree.", "A mature giraffe in the process of chewing food from a tree.", "A giraffe standing next to a  leaf filled tree.", "A side view of a giraffe by some trees in the woods."]
["A giraffe is standing in front of a wall", "A giraffe standing next to a wall and an entrance.", "A baby giraffe standing against a wall in a zoo like environment", "A giraffe standing in front of a wood and brick building.", "A giraffe stands next to a wall in a zoo exhibit."]
["A bench sitting next to a green patch of grass.", "A pleasant view of a marina with boats docked. ", "Two boats parked in a marina on a sunny day.", "Green grass and tree in front of blue water.", "A bench in front of a pier and sailboat."]
["Two red buses driving in a black and white photo of a mostly empty street.", "A city bus that is making its way down the street.", "A red bus is driving down the street", "Red bus, in a black and white photo, driving down a street.", "A street with a bus and cars going down the road beside buildings. "]
["A white car is parked next to a telephone booth.", "Traffic is parked on the side of the street", "the bus is following behind another bus on the street", "A street with a bus stop and cars", "A car stops to pay a parking fee to a woman"]
["A street scene with two buses and a car.", "A town street built next to a vintage architectural building.", "This is a busy city street showing alot of traffic and buildings. ", "Tour buses and a car by a church", "Two white buses parked next to each other in front of a church."]
["a double bus driving through a parking lot", "The city bus is parked in the parking lot. ", "a long bus in a parking lot where there is a white car parked", "A multi-section white city bus pulling into a parking lot.", "An extended bus is in a parking lot"]
["A wooden bench on the ground next to some trees.", "A wooden bench on a dirt path with trees and bushes around the pathways.", "A wooden bench is sitting in the middle of the forest. ", "A single bench off of the side of a dirt path in the woods.", "A wooden bench sits beside the forest trail."]
["MAN WITH GLASSES KNEELING IN FRONT OF A FIRE HYDRANT", "The young man is crouched on the street.", "a guy  hunkered down in front of a yellow and blue fire hydrant  ", "A fire hydrant is painted yellow and blue and a guy is next to one.", "a man kneeling down to look at a fire hydrant "]
["a small red fire hydrant in concrete ", "a red fire hydrant sticking out of the ground", "A fire hydrant is placed in the sidewalk.", "A bright red fire hydrant on a curb. ", "Embedded in concrete, a red fire hydrant is topped by a rusty silver-colored valve."]
["a herd of sheep standing around in a big grassy field ", "Herd of white sheep standing in a green field.", "A large flock of sheep grazing in a big grass field.", "A group of lambs that are standing in the grass.", "A ton of sheep are standing in a big field."]
["A bus that is very rusted and damaged. ", "a worn down bus sits in a gravel lot", "An old, rusty bus sits in a small lot.", "An old bus sits rusty and rotting in the yard.", "An old, run down city bus sits parked, with rust."]
["A group of people sitting on strange looking benches. ", "Several people sitting on benches next to a brick building. ", "People resting on unique benches in a park.", "A bunch of people gathered together by some cute benches.", "People seated on benches along a busy boardwalk."]
["View down a city walkway and street, with grass, pedestrians, trees, cars on street and parked on side of street, a bench, and some buildings in distance.", "A man with a hat on walking near a park and a bench.", "A man in a red jacket walks down a walking trail next to a park.", "People and cars are passing by this street.", "A man in red is walking down the long street. "]
["A grey and blue fire hydrant on a sidewalk.", "An unconventional blue and white fire hydrant on the street.", "A white and blue fire hydrant near a street.", "A fire hydrant positioned on the sidewalk near a street.", "a fire hydrant on a city street near buildings"]
["A woman sitting on a fire hydrant while talking on a cell phone.", "A young woman talks on the phone as she sits on a fire hydrant.", "black woman sits on fire hydrant talks on phone", "Three pictures of a woman sitting on a fire hydrant while on a cell phone. ", "Different shots of a woman sitting on a pole with her feet on a hydrant on the phone."]
["Three sheep in the process of running on grass outside.", "A herd of sheep running across a grass covered field.", "Sheep are running through the green grass in a blurry picture.", "Four different colored sheep in motion in a group.", "A number of sheep running and a blurry background."]
["There is a broken pink fire hydrant on a sidewalk", "a pink fire hydrant with a plug missing", "An aged fire hydrant with faded paint and a missing cap.", "A red fire hydrant on sidewalk next to a white fence.", "An red fire hydrant beside a grey fence."]
["A double decker sight seeing bus is driving on the road. ", "A city street corner from a park view ", "Two buses traveling down the road next to a field of grass.", "A double decker bus driving past a park.", "A bunch of trucks traveling down the road, during the day."]
["A London roundabout with double decker buses and taxi cabs.", "Cars and buses driving around a traffic circle.", "Several double decker buses along with other cars are traveling down a street.", "A very wide road filled with people and some vehicles.", "A city street with cars and buses and people walking on the sidewalk "]
["An image of a girl running above an image of a bench.", "A women running down a sidewalk and a white bench with wooden seats", "A photograph of a girl running above and a photograph of a bench below.", "A woman is running in the top photo and bottom photo shows a bench.", "Montage of two photos with woman running on sidewalk and park benches next to brush on open area."]
["A group of giraffe standing on top of a dirt field.", "Giraffes in an enclosure stand near a pile of rocks.", "a giraffe at the orphanage eating leaves from a tree ", "Several giraffes seek out shade in their enclosures.", "Three giraffes are standing in an enclosed area."]
["Two giraffe standing next to each other around a tree.", "Two giraffes stand at a tree with zebras in the background.", "Two giraffes sticking their heads next to trees in grassy area.", "Two giraffes in a zoo enclosure with a zebra.", "A couple of giraffe standing next to a tree."]
["Buses and cars stopped at a traffic light. ", "Buses and cars at an intersection in a city", "a public transit bus on a city street", "Photograph of an outdoor arena that looks neat.\n", "Cars and city buses at a traffic stop in a city. "]
["a big red fire hydrant on the side of a building.", "A red, white and black fire hydrant shaped like a rocket ship", "A  fire hydrant next to a sign with Asian writing", "A fire hyrdant posted outside a wall with chinese symbols.", "A red fire hydrant on the side of the street."]
["A group of giraffes and a couple of deer stand in the dust.", "Two large giraffes that are facing each other and a small giraffe between them. ", "The giraffes are standing together with the other animals outside.", "Three giraffes and two antelope standing on a dusty ground.", "a couple of giraffes are standing in a field"]
["A cat stalks a bird perched on the side of a brick building.", "A cat is looking up at a bird on a birdhouse.", "A kitty quietly watching a bird at a feeder.", "A cat with black, white and orange fur is on the ground facing a brick wall.", "A cat sitting and staring up at a ledge."]
["A cat sits between a window and a large birdcage.", "A black cat is on a window sill behind a plant next to a parrot cage.", "A caged parrot has few places to go when a cat comes to visit.", "A cat is watching birds in a birdcage.", "A cat standing next to a golden bird cage."]
["A close up view of a giraffe in front of a palm tree.", "A giraffe is looking towards the branches of a tree.", "A giraffe chewing on leaves from a tree.", "A giraffe puts its head near a high tree. ", "A giraffe has it's eyes open and is next to a tree.  "]
["Three giraffes are feeding from white buckets that are hanging from a fence.", "Three giraffes gather around their separate feeding buckets.", "Three giraffes gather around buckets attached to the fence.", "Three giraffes standing by the fence and eating food from buckets hanging on top.", "Three large giraffes feeding from buckets on a chain linked fence."]
["A small child riding a toy tractor near sheep.", "Little kid on a metal pedal tractor in a yard with sheep.", "A boy riding a toy tractor next to some sheep.", "A child riding a toy next to animals.", "A young boy sitting on a blue toy tractor with sheep next to him and the shadows of people casting down on the ground next to him."]
["A building and a road sign in front of a bridge", "A white and purple building is near a bridge.", "a street sign sits in front of a building ", "This is the front entrance of a parking garage.", "a tall building with a sign in front of it "]
["Three chairs on a sidewalk and a pigeon standing next to one of them.", "A row of green wooden chairs with a pigeon in front of them.", "Three small benches with a pigeon in front", "Three metal park benches are lined up with a pigeon beneath it.", "A small bird standing next to some chairs."]
["An intersection with a post showing street signs.", "A quiet street corner with several street signs and a grassy area.", "The street has many signs and billboards on it.", "An intersection where a bus and several delivery trucks are driving ", "A brick walkway surrounds a grassy area near some street signs."]
["A couple of double deck tour buses parked at a street side.", "A couple of buses that are sitting in front of a building.", "A street with two buses parked on the side.", "Two double decker buses drive down a street near tall buildings.", "A road is lined with buildings and has cars on it."]
["A giraffe eating leave from a small tree.", "A giraffe reaches it's next to eat leaves from a small tree in an enclosure with a tan building in the background.", "Giraffe reaching its neck over wooden post to eat a leaf", "A giraffe that is eating some leaves from a tree.", "A large tall giraffe standing by a tree."]
["The clock has pictures of different birds on the numbers. ", "The clock times are indicated by different bird species.", "A wall clock with different birds as the numbers.", "The hands on the clock point to species of birds.", "a clock with pictures of  assorted birds on it"]
["A sign siting next to a parking meter near a parked car.", "a street sign on a pole on a sidewalk ", "a parking meter with a piece of paper on the front of it ", "A sign tells you what to do for the multi-space meters in this block.", "A parking meter is covered with a piece of white paper."]
["A herd of sheep standing on top of a dirt field.", "A large group of tagged sheep standing together.", "A group of black and white sheep in the field", "Sheep with ear tags standing in a pen.", "There are a bunch of sheep standing in a pen."]
["A giraffe standing on a dirt road next to plants.", "a giraffe stands between a couple of bushes ", "a giraffe standing in a road with bushes and trees", "The giraffe stands near a group of bushes.", "A giraffe standing between two bushes on the savannah."]
["A giraffe standing at attention in a zoo pin.", "A tall giraffe standing next to a tall tree.", "A giraffe standing under a tree at a wildlife park.", "A giraffe stands in an enclosure next to a tree.", "a giraffe standing on dirt ground near a tree"]
["A lone giraffe is walking along the shore of the water", "A giraffe walks by a fallen tree beside a lake.", "A giraffe that is walking past a fallen tree. ", "A giraffe that is walking by a large log.", "A large giraffe walking around the zoo. "]
["Birds perched on logs on a lake near a wall.", "A log in the water with three birds perched on it.", "a group of water birds sitting on drift wood in a body of water.", "Several birds sitting tree branches sticking out of the water.", "birds on branches sticking out of a body of water"]
["two giraffes standing together beside a fence and wall", "there are two giraffes in this zoo together", "two saller giraffes standing in a zoo enclosure", "Two giraffe standing next to each other near a wall.", "Two giraffes are next to a tall rock wall."]
["A street light and some trees on a street.", "a view of a tree- lined city street with shops", "A street with sign, lamppost and many trees.", "A street lamp is on a street with a sign and flowers.", "Buildings that line both sides of a street where cars are driving."]
["A couple of giraffe standing next to each other on a field.", "A couple of giraffe standing by some bushes.", "two giraffe standing next to each other in an enclosure", "Two giraffe's standing in the shade under a canopy.", "two giraffes looking out of treed area under roof"]
["A water fountain sitting in the middle of a lot of green plants.", "THERE IS A WATER FOUNTAIN IN THE PARK WITH WATER IN IT ", "A water fountain that has a pigeon perches on it.", "A water fountain in a garden in a sunny day.", "A building has many flowers and a birdbath in front of it."]
["A couple of little girls standing in front of a metal fence.", "Two young girls holding hands in front of giraffes", "Two kids standing near a fence with giraffes behind them", "Two girls standing in front of a fence with giraffes on the other side", "The two girls stand next to the fence. "]
["A group of boats floating on a body of water next to shore.", "Small boats sit on the shore of the ocean.", "A sunny day on the lake where four biats are tied up.", "A group of row boats floating just off the shore.", "The boats are standing alone in the water."]
["A brown bear walking in white and black boots.", "The stuffed bear is wearing a hard hat and boots. ", "A teddy bear wearing a hard hat with his legs in some big muddy boots", "A teddy bear is wearing a hard hat and some work boots.", "there is a stuffed bear inside of boots"]
["Oval shaped picture of buildings with a truck outside and blue sky.", "The street is full of various delivery trucks.", "a sign showing direction and the name of the street", "A eighteen wheeler truck driving by a street sign.", "A view of a city corner with a truck stopped at a light. "]
["A bird stands on the ground among dried leaves.", "a small black bird is standing in the woods", "a bird that is standing on some trees and leafs", "A black and white bird sitting in the twigs.", "A black and white bird behind some branches."]
["A very bright light shining down on some signs at night.", "A parking sign with a availability sign below it.", "A no parking sign illuminated by a streetlight", "A close up of two parking signs on a street lamp. ", "A sign attached to a metal light post."]
["A sign hanging on a pole by the sidewalk", "The blue white bus sign next to the trees on the campus.", "a street sign on a pole with a sky background", "A sign points to restrooms on a corner.", "A pedestrian sign has been devised in comic fashion."]
["A red caboose with a man hanging off the back of it.", "A red train at a station with people inside and a conductor standing on the front. ", "A man stands at the back of a train coach with others seated inside", "A group of people riding on a train.", "A peerson standing on the end of a trolley."]
["a sign that is hanging on a white wall", "A white sign mounted on a wall telling the name of a place.", "A street sign attached to the wall of a building.", "A road sign attached to the wall of a building.", "A sign that is on the side of a building."]
["this is a cat on a chair with a hat", "a black cat sitting next to a cowboy hat", "The black cat is sitting beside of the black hat.", "A black cat rests beside a fedora on a fabric chair.", "A cat that is laying near a black hat."]
["A dark green and yellow striped train that says \"Duke of Edinburgh\" on a train track while a lady takes a photo with her camera. ", "A man taking picture of a big train.", " A green train is stationary on the tracks and a woman is taking a picture of it. ", "The Duke of Edinburgh is written on the engineer car of this train. ", "A man is taking a picture of a train as it passes by on the tracks."]
["There is a yellow and green train seen riding on the tracks", "A train traveling on a train track near a field with cows in it.", "A group of cows grazing near a passing train", "A couple of animals standing on top of a green field next to a train.", "A green and yellow train pulling yellow train cars next to field."]
["A car that is slightly driven off the road.", "a car pulling in to a pizza bakery ", "A car turning in to the parking lot of a store", "A car drives through a street in a suburban neighborhood", "A car is turning onto a street with several fast food restaurants."]
["Two trains passing in different directions in a train yard.", "Modern trains run along tracks in a rural area.", "Two trains are traveling side by side on the tracks. ", "Large orange colored train riding down tracks near a much older model train.", "Two trains are passing next to eachother on tracks", "Two trains are passing next to eachother on tracks"]
["Several trains riding on different tracks near water.", "Trains running on parallel tracks above the water line.", "two trains next to some water and one is blue and yellow", "A train traveling next to a water way on railroad tracks.", "Train cars on a railroad track next to a body of water."]
["A train on a track traveling through a countryside. ", "Commuter train on tracks in rural area on clear day.", " A high speed passenger train that is going down the track. ", "A long train going down the train track. ", "A train is moving on tracks in an open field. "]
["Sheep graze in a large field with trees behind them.", "a bunch of sheep standing around a field eating grass and looking around ", "Goats are standing near each other in the grass.", "Many sheep are scattered around the field of short grass.", "An open field with multiple sheep grazing about it."]
["A street sign surrounded by a crowd of people.", "People under street signs on an English street", "A street sign is directing a crowd in the right direction.", "A street sign post for North Oxford Kidlington.", "some blue red orange and white street signs and some people"]
["A yellow train traveling down tracks surrounded by large bushes.", "A freight train rolls along a track flanked by heavy scrub.", "a train traveling down a single train track ", "A white and yellow truing passing through rows of trees.", "A yellow train driving through the brush on railroad tracks."]
["A cake made to look like a colorful train ", "a train cake with its train cars on some aluminum foil", "A group of cakes on a sheet with a train theme saying Happy Birthday.", "A birthday cake cut in different pieces sitting on a tray at a table. ", "A happy birthday cake with train cars on aluminum foil on wood grain surface."]
["A bunk bed sits next to an open window. ", "The inside of a cabin on a moving train complete with a bunk.", "A photo taken within a sleeper car on the train looking at the window.", "A rain bedroom with a large window with a view of the countryside.", "We are looking out the window of a the train."]
["The view out a train window passing along a wall.", "A brick wall can be seen through the window of a subway train", "A window that is on a large yellow train.", "A window looks like it could be on a train or bus.", "A window of a vehicle looks out toward a concrete wall. "]
["people crossing a zebra crossing and vehicles standing", "Pedestrian crosswalk at city intersection with one white car stopped for light while four pedestrians cross the street where multiple newspaper boxes are on the corner.", "A group of people crossing a street near a traffic light.", "People walk across a street during the day.", "Pedestrians cross at a crosswalk in a crowded city."]
["The bird sits on a thin branch near berries.", "A bird sitting on a branch next to some berries.", "The bird is perched on a branch of the tree.", "A bird perched on top of a leaf filled tree.", "A bird standing on a branch beside berries."]
["A group of people standing outside of a white store.", "A group of people walking along side of some shops.", "People walking down the street of a town.\n", "Group of people walking in front of large white buildings. ", "People are walking down the street near several businesses."]
["A pelican on the shore near a body of water.", "A bird on the beach with wings out stretched.", "a bird sitting on a shore next to a lake.", "A bird is standing right near the water of the small lake. ", "A bird stands on a beach with its wings extended."]
["A damaged sign that says \"STATE LAW YIELD TO PEDESTRIANS WITHIN CROSSWALK.\"", "A tatter street sign sits in the crosswalk.", "A green sign sitting on the side of a road.", "A close up of a crosswalk sign in the middle of the road.", "The yield to pedestrians sign is all scratched up."]
["A road sign with two arrows on it in front of a grave yard.", "cemetery behind road sign with 35 mm groove marks", "A black and white image of a cemetary.", "There is a picture of a traffic sign with north and south arrows in the foreground and a graveyard in the back ground on a projectable slide.", "An old piece of film shows a cemetery and a road sign."]
["A small orange bird standing on a collection of rocks. ", "A small bird sitting on top of a pile of gravel.", "A yellow bird sitting atop a pile of yellow stones.", "a small bird is standing on a rock", "The bird is standing on the rocky surface alone"]
["Two people wearing hats that double as umbrellas.", "Two people wearing colorful umbrella hats pose in a kitchen.", "A woman and young boy with umbrella hats in a kitchen", "Two women with umbrellas on their heads smiling. ", "A teenage boy hugging an older woman in a kitchen."]
["A train ambling down the tracks with shrubbery on both sides", "A train traveling through a tree covered wilderness.", "The train is on a track which is surrounded by trees and partly cloudy sky.", "A train on tracks in the middle of a wooded area.", "A train moving on a track during the day."]
["Three cows are standing on a fishing boat.", "Two cows are standing on the end of a boat", "Two cows standing on a boat on a lake.", "There are cows on a small bout pulling up to land.", "Cows standing near a cart and a boat."]
["A city street has cars and buses with a green traffic light near a street sign.", "A green traffic light and cars riding by it.", "A white street light sitting on the side of a pole in the street.", "a traffic light on a wire with cars driving", "A street scene has cars driving at night time. "]
["there is a small seagull standing by the water", "A bird perched on top of a wooden post at the water.", "The sea bird is looking for potential prey.", "a close up of a bird on a pillar in a body of water", "Seagull perched on a post near the water."]
["A woman hitchhiking while another woman sits on a suitcase", "Two hot women sitting and standing next to each other.", "Two attractive women hitch-hiking on the side of a desert road.", "Two models in cowboy garb strike a pose as hitchhikers.", "Two women on the side of the road hitchhiking. "]
["A short commuter train traveling along the train tracks with snow on the ground.", "Large blue train driving down rail road tracks.", "A commuter train travelling on the tracks in winter.", "A train driving along a track during winter.", "Eight car train passing through rural area in winter.\n"]
["Several street signs are mounted in an urban neighborhood.", "Three street signs sit atop a one way sign.", "A street sign shows which way to go.", "A group of tall buildings next to a street sign.", "A street post with several street signs pointing the way."]
["A woman is skateboarding down a hill with a hat on.", "A woman riding a skateboard down a street.", "A woman wearing jeans and a hat rides a skateboard.", "A young lady on a skate board in the street.", "A young lady is enjoying her time with her skateboard. "]
["A child's train sitting on top of snow near a building.", "The back end of a utility type truck.", "A brightly colored red wooden train in the snow.", "HUGE RED TOY TRAIN FOR PEOPLE THAT'S DUSTED WITH SNOW", "Large yellow circle on rear of wooden train structure."]
["A long yellow and red train traveling down tracks.", "A train traveling down a track in an open field.", "A long train riding on train tracks through an empty field", "A train traveling down the train tracks near an empty field.", "A train is moving along on a track."]
["A train on a track near a bridge.", "A train and one train car on the tracks near a bridge.", "A pair of train carts making a transfer to a different set of tracks.", "A two car train moving on a train track.", "A train with two cars going down the tracks"]
["Two ducks swimming in a grassy pond together", "two pretty purple ducks swimming together down a stream of water", "Two ducks floating in a green, grassy pond.", "Two ducks swim through a grass filled pond.", "Two small ducks swimming side by side through a pond."]
["A woman is looking over a ledge where a small bird is perched.", "A woman looks at the small bird standing near her.", "A woman in plaid shirt looking at a bird on a ledge.", "A person that is closely looking at a bird. ", "A woman on a sidewalk staring at a bird."]
["Two decorated cakes in boxes on a table", "A woman sitting at a table topped with two cakes.", "an image of a family celebrating a childs birthday", "A birthday party for a baby with it's parents", "Two cakes have been placed in front of a family."]
["This is a picture of a very busy street in New York City.", "This looks to be an intersection in a very busy city.", "A street in a city with pedestrians walking down the sidewalk and cars on the street.", "Looking down a midtown street in New York City", "A city street filled with lots of cars and people."]
["A train drives along the tracks amidst many cranes.", "a red and white train and lots of yellow cranes and wires", "An aerial view of trains, houses and electrical towers.", "many trains on train tracks with power lines ablove", "A set of tracks with subway car in front of several tall building cranes."]
["A city street with many signs including street signs, no parking signs and traffic lights.", "A traffic light in front of a very tall building.", "A large group of signs in an urban setting.", "Traffic lights at the corner of 19th street.", "A city area stoplight and intersection, with buildings and signs in the background. "]
["a red open sign is by a curb", "a pile of stones sitting on the side of a road with some signs above it", "A picture of a hotel sign next to a stone wall.", "A sign for a cafe sitting on top of bricks.", "A sign advertising an Open Cafe outside. "]
["A street sign sitting on top of a snow covered traffic lights.", "A group of street signs covered in snow in the city.", "An intersection with street signs with snow on them.", "A street scene with focus on a pole with lights and signs.", "Many street signs in front of a building while it is snowing."]
["Black and white picture of of a Southern Pacific locomotive. ", "A large delivery train glides across railroad tracks", "Black and white photograph of a train passing lights on tracks.", "A freight train passing through a railroad switch yard.", "Black and white picture of a train approaching a signal."]
["People are walking around outside a huge church.", "A bunch of people around a intersection by an old church.", "A group of people that are standing around a stop sign.", "A man with a hat is across the street from a church", "An old catholic church is across the street. "]
["Train on the tracks that has a lot of smoke coming out of the engine car.", "A train driving down the tracks with a cloud of smoke trailing behind it.", "The train is traveling down the railroad tracks.", "A train engine and cars on the tracks with black steam.", "a black and white photo of a train on a track"]
["Small train with locomotive in front and trees lining trail.", "a train engine and four cars three are rounded off", "A train moves along a section of track.", "A train passing by fields and greenery on a track.", "A train with three cars on a track in a wooded area."]
["A field full of lots of yellow flowers with a train passing it by.", "THERE IS A FREIGHT TRAIN THAT IS GOING DOWN THE TRACK", "A field of yellow flowers dominate the foreground while a train and windmills can be seen in the background.", "a train next to a field of yellow flowers and a row of wind mills ", "a colorful train going by the track with windmills in the back"]
["A train traveling down the train tracks along the country side. ", "A train coming down railroad tracks near trees.", "A train track with a train on one side of the track in a wooded area.", "a 5 part blue train passing through the countryside", "A commuter train with five cars riding on train tracks."]
["A train traveling through a lush green rural countryside.", "A train that is coming around the curb of a tree filled area.", "A train snakes through tracks next to trees on a clear day.", "A different color train going down the train tracks. ", "A very large commuter train is going down the track.", "A very long pretty train on the tracks."]
["A train traveling down train tracks surrounded by forest.", "A train driving on tracks past a house.", "A railroad train traveling down the train tracks", "an image of train moving down the tracks", "An approaching train is seen through some trees."]
["A woman is leaning against a stop sign next to a road way.", "girl is standing on the side of the road next to sign", "A woman posing next to a stop sign on the side of a street.", "A woman is standing beside a stop sign", "A smiling woman leans against a stop sign. "]
["A Rail Freight engine on a railroad track.", "A lone train car that is red and yellow is going down railroad tracks.", "The single train car is painted black, yellow, and orange. ", "A freight train engine on one of four tracks.", "Train traveling through railyard with trees lining sides."]
["a red stop sign at a downtown area intersection", "City roadway intersection near construction area between two buildings.", "A car stopped at a stop sign at an intersection.", "The car is stopped at the stop sign.", "A car that is sitting in front of a stop sign."]
["A long train is driving away from a nuclear power plant.", "A train pulling a lot of karts going along the tracks. ", "the train is hauling lots of other pieces", "A train is on one of four train tracks in a wooded area.", "A multi-colored train is next to several empty tracks."]
["There is a train moving through a track yard", "A train has many containers attached to it.", "A train transporting cargo through a construction site.", "An old train comes down a long train track.", "A train running along gravelly tracks on an overcast day"]
["a view of a nuclear power plant from a train stop.", "A colorful train winds its way towards an industrial area.", "A view of a colorful train on railroad tracks with silos in the background.", "A train is traveling near nuclear power tanks.", "A train drives by a power plant on a track."]
["A red stop sign has a street sign on top of it.", "Stickers are placed all over a stop sign.", "A stop sign has some stickers on it.", "A stop sign that has t been tagged with graffiti and stickers.", "A stop sign is shown with stickers stuck on it."]
["a single red white and yellow train engine on the tracks", "A train engine with no passenger carts moving on the track.", "A train is traveling down a set of empty tracks.", "A train driving down the tracks under a bridge.", "Small sized train running down the train tracks."]
["there is a yellow and green train coming up the tracks", "a train makes its way between some vegetation areas ", "A two engine train pulling some cars down the track.", "A train traveling down train tracks next to a  lush green hillside..", "Multi container train at switching junction on tracks."]
["there is a long train coming up the tracks ", "A train travelling on the train tracks near the woods. ", "The sleek blue passenger train rides near many other tracks.", "A long train moving down the rail road tracks . ", "A passenger train is rolling down the tracks"]
["two train cars one is black and the other is white", "A freight train with a tanker cart is sitting on the track.", "TWO TRAIN CARS ON RAILROAD TRACK UNDER A BLUE SKY", "A white and black train sits on the tracks.", "A gas tank is connected to a train cart."]
["A train with cars going down the tracks in the country.", "A freight train on a track speeding through the country side.", "a train engine and box cars on the track", "A train traveling through a rural countryside with lots of trees.", "A non passenger train sitting out on the tracks at a curve"]
["A train traveling near a bridge next to wild plants.", "A train is pulling an orange container on the tracks.", "A cargo train pulling a shipping compartment ", "A train and box car traveling down a field lined train track.", "A train engine merging onto a track and passing under a bridge "]
["A steam train is traveling down the tracks. ", "Yellow and white locomotive pulling train cars on tracks.", "An industrial freight train blowing smoke into the atmosphere", "A freight train movng down the tracks with another train on another track behind it.", "A number of train tracks with a train on it"]
["A yellow train engine traveling down train tracks.", "A long train moving through a wooded area. ", "a train on a track near many trees with a sky background", "this train is carrying its cars over the rails", "A cargo train that is traveling down the railroad tracks."]
["A long yellow and green train traveling past a lot of trees.", "A long green and yellow freight train on train tracks.", "A long train of empty coal carriers joins the main rail line.", "A green and gold train is going by bushes.", "A long train moving on the tracks by a lake."]
["The long train has a yellow and red engine and moves down the track.", "An empty cargo train traveling down the tracks.", "Large red and yellow locomotive coming down the tracks.", "a red and yellow train engine is pulling its train cars", "A train traveling on one of several train tracks."]
["A train is riding down the tracks in the middle of some woods.", "A very long large train going down a track.", "A long train on a track next to another track.", "A colorful train sits on the tracks on a foggy day.", "A train with two engines pulling cars along the curve of a fall photo."]
["A train engine carrying carts down a track.", "a train on a train track near many trees", "A freight train on the tracks near a nuclear power plant", "a yellow and blue train engine is pulling its train cars and tracks", "a long train traveling  on some  railroad tracks "]
["There is a train traveling down the tracks.", "there is a very large train that is coming up the tracks", "A passenger train speeding down a track in the countryside. ", "A train travelling on a track under a bridge near the woods. ", "A large train is traveling down the tracks. "]
["Red train on the rails in a train yard.", "a train riding on some tracks near a work place", "Multiple train tracks and a train on one of them. ", "A cargo train that is traveling on some tracks.", "A long train traveling along train tracks in a train yard."]
["A multi colored train traveling past a small town.", "a colorful train is on the tracks near some bushes", "a brightly colored train making it's way down the railroad track.", "A train moving along a track during the day.", "A multi-colored train going down train tracks. "]
["A train with several cars is on a train track. ", "a train is going through the train tacks", " A train travels through a rural area of a town", "A large train is traveling down the tracks. ", "A train going down a long track next to the woods."]
["A blue and yellow train on tracks next to two white vans.", "The train is pulling many empty, flat train cars.", "A freight train with empty flat cars on a train track.", "A train is traveling down the train tracks alone", "There is a train going down the tracks."]
["A yellow and red train on the railroad tracks.", "A train traveling down tracks next to a forest.", "A train engine is pulling train cars on the tracks.", "A long train sitting on a straight section of track.", "A long train riding down a rail road track."]
["A red train engine traveling down tracks near a forest.", "A short black and yellow train is going down snowy tracks.", "A train engine moving down the tracks in the snow with a tree line behind it.", "A very nice looking train on the tracks in snow.", "A one-cart train coming down the railroad tracks."]
["A train engine traveling under a blue bridge next to a stairway.", "A black locomotive car pulling in the railroad station", "A single train car is passing under a walk bridge", "This is an image of a train at a station.", "A purple train engine going under a pedestrian crossing."]
["A man sitting in the driver seat of a truck on a cell phone.", "A white truck parked near the ocean with a yellow boat.", "A picture of a car that is by some water.", "A cargo truck is sitting at the shore while a boat comes in.", "A truck has stopped by the water where there is a yellow boat"]
["A person standing by a truck with many bananas on the back.", "A young man stands in front of a banana display. ", "A man selling green and yellow bananas waits behind the truck for customers.", "A man standing in front of a truck piled with  a load of green and yellow bananas.", "A man in grey sweater standing in front of a truck full of bananas."]
["A loaded pickup and travel vehicle on the highway.", "A pick up truck with a golf cart loaded on the back", "A truck carrying a golf cart follows behind a motor home. ", "A truck and car on the road ", "A pick up truck follows closely behind a bus"]
["An olden styled Good Humor ice cream truck.", "An old-fashioned ice cream truck, with its driver.", "A white good humor ice cream truck. ", "An ice cream truck parked on the side of the street.", "A Good Humor ice cream truck parked curbside."]
["A man is standing next to his ice cream truck.", "A man standing in front of a white ice cream truck.", "A man is standing in front of his ice cream vehicle. ", "a ice cream truck parked on the side of the road with the driver standing beside it\n", "A man is standing next to an ice cream truck."]
["A delivery truck parked in front of a store on a street.", "A car that is on the side of a road.", "A foreign mini truck is parked along side a building.", "Chinese delivery truck parked in front of a building.", "A small box truck parked on a city street."]
["A few pieces of luggage sit, stacked neatly, on the ground.", "luggage is waiting for someone to pick it up", "A couple of suit cases, a backpack and a purse.", "red suitcase and two black suit cases on pavement", "A group of bags that are sitting on a street."]
["a toddler brushing his teeth while holding a baseball hat.", "A young toddler is brushing his teeth in the hallway.", "A young child learns to brush his teeth.", "A small boy in a red and white shirt and black cap holding a toothbrush in his mouth.", "The little boy is brushing his teeth with a toothbrush."]
["A cat next to a television in a room.", "The cat is watching the birds on television in the room. ", "A grey tabby cat sitting on top of a CD player next to a TV monitor.", "A cat sitting next to a flat screen TV in a living room.", "a cat sitting on a table next a large tv"]
["A cat sitting next to a television watching a bird on the screen. ", "A cat watching birds flying on a Sony TV screen.", "a cat is looking at a television with birds on it", "Cat sits staring at birds that are actually only on the tv screen", "A cat drooling at a TV with an image of flying birds on display."]
["A cat watching a television show about migrating geese.", "A CAT IS SITTING DOWN WATCHING A TV SCREEN WITH GEESE ON IT", "A tv displaying geese while a cat watches.", "A cat staring at a television screen with geese on it.", "A cat is watching some birds on a television."]
["A white sheep standing next to a brick wall.", "a cow on a rocky road next to a dog. ", "A dog is approaching a statue of a white bull.", "a dog on a fence looking at a white cow standing on the ground ", "a weird looking white cow with a dog standing on a brick wall"]
["Cat laying on top of a dog on a leash.", "A gray cat with a leash on lays on top of a black and brown dog.", "a gray and black cat is sitting on a black and brown dog", "A large black and brown dog with a cat on it.", "The man's pets are resting on the sidewalk, the cat relaxing on the dog's back"]
["A couple of kites are flying in the sky", "Two kites designed like different animals being flown.", "A black and white cow kite being flown on a sunny day.", "A fish kite and a cow kite being flown against a blue sky.", "black and white kites flying so high with strings"]
["A woman laying on a bed holding a handbag. ", "A girl laying down on a bed holding a purse.", "A beautiful woman laying on her stomach on top of a bed.", "Fully clothed woman laying on bed with one leg on the bed and one leg off", "A woman half lying on a bed holding a purse handle."]
["A cat sitting next to a row of shoes.", "A tabby cat sleeping on a row of different color tennis shoes.", "A cat sits next to an assortment of different shoes.", "A cat lounges by a row of sneakers on top of a rug.", "an image of cat lying next to lots of shoes"]
["A cat sprawled out on a couch with a remote on the arm", "Black cat stretching on side near end of couch.", "A cat playing on living room chair with a TV remote on the arm.", "The cat is climbing up onto the couch", "A black cat laying on top of a couch next to a TV remote control."]
["the black cat is sitting on top of the old suit case.", "a black and white cat sitting on a brown suitcase next to a wall ", "A cat is lying on top of a suitcase.", "A cat is laying on top of a suitcase.", "A big furry black and white cat is sitting on top of a leather suitcase."]
["A brown cow in a field of grass near two red barns.", "The young brown calf stands alone in the grass.", "A BROWN CALF STANDING IN THE GRASS ON A FARM ", "A young calf looks into the camera outside its barn", "A baby calf stands on spindly legs near a red barn."]
["A cat sitting on top of a hard wood floor.", "A gray cat laying next to empty beer bottles.", "a cat sits on the floor with many beer bottles", "A cat is sitting next to bottles on the floor.", "a tabby cat sitting ion the floor next to some bottles."]
["A white tray filled with plates of food next to a cat.", "A gry in front of a sofa with breakfast for two set out on it", "A bunch of food laying out on a tray", "a tray containing fresh fruit, pancakes and water", "A breakfast tray with pancakes and fruit with a cat standing near it."]
["a grey king-cab truck is parked in a driveway", "A silver truck parked in a driveway on the side of a house.", "Large black truck parked out front of a nice house", "a truck that is parked out in front of a house", "The Honda truck is proudly parked in this driveway."]
["A gray truck parked in a driveway in front of a house..", "The back view of a Honda Ridgeline truck.", "The tailgate of a Honda pickup truck parked in a driveway.", "Bray pickup truck parked in driveway of residential home.", "a person taking a picture of the back end of their big truck "]
["A cup filled with a glass at on top of a table.", "A coffee mug with a fake cat hanging out of it .", "A cat stuffed animal hanging inside a coffee cup.", "There is a blue coffee cup with a fake cat in it.", "A cat coffee cup hugger is perched up on the rim."]
["A woman standing next to a dog wearing a backpack on a beach.", "A woman and a dog on a hike on a sunny day.", "a person and their service dog standing on a mountain ", "There is a dog standing next to its master", "A black and white dog stands beside a person."]
["a dog with shoes and a backpack standing next to car", "A dog with a red back pack standing on a gravel road.", "A dog with saddle packs and walking boots ready for a hike.", "A dog with booties and matching knapsack stands in front of a vehicle with an open door. ", "A dog carrying a bag on its back and wearing shoes."]
["A woman resting her head up against a cat.", "A cat laying on a chair while woman lays her head on the cat. ", "Woman lays her head on the cat sitting on the chair", "A woman laying her head on a cat on a chair.", "A woman sitting on the floor laying her head on a cat."]
["A black and white cow grazing on dry hay next to a black cow.", "A coupe of cows have their heads out, eating some grass. ", "A couple of cows at the trough in a barn eating some hay.", "Two cows eat hay through the holes in a metal fence.", "Two cows in a pen eat hay on a farm."]
["Fully loaded yellow truck bed on roadway in populated area.", "The truck is driving down  the narrow crowded street.", "The back of a truck that is filled with various items.", "The back of the truck is filled with plants and other items.  ", "A truck driving down the road full of yard garbage"]
["A black cat resting himself on a couch", "an image of a cat laying asleep on a couch", "Black cat stretched out on a light brown sofa.", "A cat is lying on a couch with its legs dangling off the side.", "A black cat on a white couch sleeping. "]
["a black cat is laying on a couch", "A black cat laying on top of the sofa.", "A black cat laying on it's back on top of a couch.", "A cat that is laying on a couch.", "A black cat laying on a white sofa."]
["A brown cat bathing on a mat in the sun.", "A cat lying in the sunlight on the floor.", "Cat is lying down in the sun light.", "A cat that is laying on some pink flower petals.", "a very big and hairly cat lying in the sun"]
["a brown and white cat hanging of of a bed", "Large fluffy white cat leaning about half way off the bed", "A cat has its front legs dangling over the side of a bed. ", "A cat leans halfway off of a bed.", "a cat on a bed in a bed room"]
["A cow that is sitting on the ground in front of a motorcycle.", "a brown cow rests between two parked motorcycles.", "A brown cow is lying beside a motorcycle.", "A brown cow sleeping on the road in front of a moped.", "A brown cow lying on a street with motor bikes parked nearby"]
["a blurry picture of a cat and a window", "There are two cats near a screened window.", "The two cats are looking out the high window. ", "The cats are looking out of the window.", "Two cats standing beside a window looking out of it."]
["An open with plants sitting in front of it on a ledge.", "Some window plants near an open window pane", "A cat sticking it's head out of a window behind flowers in a planter.", "A cat looking out  a window by a flower box", "Long pot of flowers sitting underneath an open window. "]
["One cow is nuzzling the head of another cow. ", "a couple of cows are out in a large field", "A brown cows licks another brown cow's ear.", "two brown and white animals are in a field ", "one cow putting its face on the back of another cow"]
["A black cow with horns standing on a field.", "A black and white cow standing in the grass next to a body of water.", "a close up of a cow in a field near a bush", "A very mean looking steer grazing in a field.", "A cow grazing in a field by a body of water."]
["A black and white cat in front of a laptop and a monitor.", "A cat is looking into a webcam on a computer.", "A cat sitting in front of two computer screens.", "A black cat is sitting on a desk by a computer.", "A black cat sits in front of two computer screen staring a the one to it left."]
["Black cat sitting on desk next to electronic equipment.", "A fluffy cat sitting in front of the computer screen.", "A black cat watching a laptop and a desktop at the same time.", "A cat is sitting on a table, next to two computers.", "A black cat sitting in front of a computer screen."]
["A large black cat sits on a desk near a laptop.", "Black cat curled up on the desk in front of the computer", "A black cat sits on a desk next to a laptop.", "A cat sitting on a desk in front of a lap top.", "a black cat laying on a desk in front of a laptop "]
["A black cat laying on top of a wooden desk.", "A black cat laying on a wooden desk.", "A black cat is sitting on the wooden desk. ", "The black cat is sitting on the desk,waiting for some food.", "A black cat sitting on a wooden desk."]
["A black cat is sitting on a wood desk.", "A black cat laying on a desk. ", "The black cat is sitting on the desk.", "a close up of a black cat sitting on a desk", "A large  black cat sitting on a desk"]
["A black cat lies on a wood desk.", "a black cat is sitting on a desk and some machines in the background", "A black cats rests on a wooden desk.", "A black cat sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "an image of a black cat sitting on top of a desk"]
["A cat walking past a wooden desk next to another cat.", "There is a gray cat coming around the corner.", "A black cat is looking up from the floor while another black cat is looking down from a counter.", "One cat peers down at another inside a house.", "A cat walking on the floor under a cat on a shelf."]
["A cow standing in the shade of a tree.", "This cow has found a space all it's own for grazing.", "A cow that is standing in the grass.", "There is a cow standing in the shade under the tree.", "Black and white cow sitting in the middle of a grass field."]
["Semi truck parked on the street in front of a building.", "A semi-truck, without a load, parked near a large building.", "a large truck in front of a large building", "A semi-truck parked on a street next to a tall building at night.", "A red truck with a crane parked in front of a building."]
["A gray cat sitting on top of a flat screen TV.", "A cat sitting on top of a television", "A cat standing on a computer monitor staring at an image on its screen.", "A cat on top a television staring at a dot on the screen.", "A cat on top of a television looking at the scree"]
["a couple of people are walking and carrying umbrellas", "There is a truck parked on the street with an advertisement on it.", "a street with people with a lot of umbrella", "Looking down at a pedestrian crosswalk on a rainy day", "The people on the side of the street are using umbrellas."]
["A black and white cat sniffs a laptop computer.", "A cat that is sitting near a laptop.", "A cat sniffing the screen of a laptop computer.", "A cat rubbing its nose on the side of a laptop.", "A black and white cat standing next to a laptop computer."]
["A dog standing on top of a boat in a body of water.", "Dog in flat boat barking at what he sees.", "A dog standing in a small boat in the water.", "Two dogs are picture but only one of them is in the boat.", "a white dog is standing in a small boat"]
["Two brown cows standing in some tall grass.", "Here is an image of an outdoor place. ", "A large and baby cow are on tall grass.", "Large brown cow standing in field with small cow. ", "A large brown cow standing next to a baby brown cow."]
["A cat that is sitting between two computers.", "a guy, his feet on the coffee table using his laptop sitting next to his cat", "A couple of people holding laptops with a cat sitting between them.", "Hey man relaxing with his feet on the table while on laptop with cat", "A cat beside a man using a laptop computer"]
["A white cat sitting on a bed next to a night stand.", "A white cat sitting with its paws on a closed laptop.", "A white kitten is sitting on a laptop computer.", "A light-colored cat is looking at something possibly a computer monitor.", "A white cat leans on a closed laptop. "]
["A cat standing next to an open laptop computer.", "a fluffy cat laying down next to a woman using a laptop", "a cat sitting by a person using a laptop.", "A close up of a person typing on a laptop with a cat touching it.", "A cat sitting next to a person typing on a computer keyboard."]
["A group of people standing around a lake.", "Tourists sit at a park while watching others in canoes.", "A group of people outdoors at a park.", "Adults looking over railing at pond in large park setting.", "a crowd of people standing and sitting beside a lake full of little boats "]
["A cat laying on top of a bag in front of a camera.", "the camera is set up to record the cat sleeping", "a close up of a camera over a bed ", "A photo of a camera pointed at a sleeping cat.", "A camera set up in front of a sleeping cat."]
["a group of people that are standing up drinking something", "Dressed up people drink at a social gathering.", "Two people holding a glass and smiling at the camera and one man looking confused. ", "A woman with a drinking glass standing near two men.", "A woman in a purple dress with white polka dots stands drinking a beverage at a public gathering."]
["A man wearing glasses and a suit sitting on a bus. ", "A man with glasses is wearing suit and tie.", "A close up of a man in a suit.", "a man dressed nicely and sitting next to a female", "A man with glasses and wearing a tie."]
["A man in a suit lean over his seat.", "A man in suit and tie sitting on a mass transit vehicle.", "A photo of a person in a suit standing on a bus.", "A man in a suit and tie is riding on a train.", "The man in the black suit has a silver tie."]
["Man putting on a giraffe patterned neck tie at an outdoor event", "A man is putting on a tie that has giraffe pattern on ", "Man tying a giraffe-print necktie at an outdoor event.", "A man tying a tie with a woman in the background.", "A man has a tie that has a giraffe print."]
["This is one man with two different sides to him.", "A photoshopped picture of two different people pasted together to appear to be one person. ", "A composite picture depicts two differently dressed men.", "a person wearing a jacket and a sweater in a dark background ", "A man with different clothing on each half of his body"]
["there is a man sitting on steps smoking a cigarette ", "black and white photo of a man sitting on steps with a suitcase", "A black and white image of a man sitting on stairs smoking a cigarette. ", "A man smoking a cigarette and sitting on some stairs with a suitcase next to him. ", "A man who is smoking a cigarette and sitting next to some luggage."]
["A man holding a suitcase in one hand and hat in the other", "A man with a tie and dress shirt on holding a fedora and suit case.", "A man is standing in the streets alone.", "A man stands on a bricked street with a suitcase in one hand and a hat in the other.", "A man in a tie and shirt holding a suitcase and hat."]
["A man with a coat on his shoulder and a suitcase by his foot.", "A man with a suitcase standing on a brick walkway.", "a man with a hat standing next to a suit case", "A man standing on the sidewalk with a suitcase beside him. ", "Man with suitcase standing in red alley alone."]
["A man is sitting on a chair looking at a table.", "a male in a black jacket a television set a table and a lamp", "A man in an overcoat sits sleepily by an old portable television in a room with a buffet table.", "A man with his hands in his lap sitting beside a television", "A man that is sitting in a chair."]
["A woman stands wearing a black and white coat over a dark vest, orange shirt and pink tie. ", "A model in a jacket and tie poses for the camera.", "A person posing for a picture wearing a pink tie.", "A young person dressed in plaid with a red tie.", "A yoing man in a coat and pink tie."]
["A person in a suit takes a photo of themselves in the mirror.", "A man looks at himself in a circular mirror.", "A man takes a picture in a mirror. ", "A man taking a picture of himself with a goatee. ", "A man with a vest and tie is looking in the mirror."]
["A group of office workers posing for a picture together.", "a group of people that are posing for a picture", "A group of people in ties are posing for a picture.", "A group of female teachers wearing colorful ties", "A group of women pose for a photo in front of a desk."]
["Two towel shaped elephants on a bed with pillows.", "A bed with two towels shaped into elephants on it", "Two bath towels folded in the shape of an elephant on a hotel bed.", "two elephant pillows hold noses on a bed ", "A large bed with towels in the shape of elephants on it. "]
["A man in a suit and tie is sitting on a bench.", "A man is resting his arm on the back of a seat.", "a close up of a person wearing a black short with a silver tie", "A man with red hair wears a black suit and a silver tie is sitting down leaning on the back of a seat.", "A man wearing a suit coat, black shirt and a silver tie."]
["A group of people sitting on top of a sandy beach.", "a couple of people laying out on a beach", "two women and a man sitting on a beach", "A group of people sitting and resting at the beach.", "a couple of people sit on a beach together "]
["A marina with boats docked and a city view", "Three boats are moored in a Marina in front of a city.", "The ships are docked at the harbor of a large city.", "A harbor housing several white boats near a large city.", "City scape with harbor and boats in the foreground."]
["A man that has a hat and a beard.", "A man with a beard shares a nice look", "A man in a uniform with a long beard.", "A man with a hat and a long beard is staring ahead.", "a man with a thick bird poses for a picture "]
["A man with a tie that has nuts and bolts on it.", "A black jacket and a tie with nuts and bolts on it.", "a person wearing a black coat and a tie with bolt designs on it.", "A man with a tie made of nuts and bolts.", "A person wearing a black jacket and blue shirt along with a tie full of knots and bolts."]
["A man with a white shirt with a blue tie. ", "A man wearing a purple neck tie and a V neck sweater.", "A man with a tie, dress shirt, sweater and headphones.", "The man is wearing a vest and a tie.", "A man wearing a tie and a sweater."]
["A man with an odd look taking a selfie.", "A balding man is facing the camera with a smirk on his face.", "A man in a white dress shirt, vest and a striped tie.", "Self portrait of a man in a tie and sweater vest.", "a close up of a person wearing a sweater and a tie"]
["A elephant in the sand with a white animal on top of it.", "A sandy area with an elephant made from sand.", "A big elephant shaped sand castle with a small toy on top.", "A sand carving of an elephant on the beach.", "a sand castle in the shape of an elephant "]
["A rusted out ship sitting on top of a body of water.", "An old white boat docked at a pier.", "A rusty, broken down old ferry sits docks by the riverside. ", "This rusty boat at the river's edge appears to be abandoned.", "A white boat on water next to trees and concrete barricade."]
["The lone sail boat is in the water near a snow covered mountain. ", "this is a boat sitting on some water", "A small sailboat anchored in the water near a mountain.", "Large mountain cascade in front of an open lake next to trees.", "A sailboat on the water of a clear blue lake beneath a snowcapped mountain."]
["A man wearing a red hat and a red neck tie.", "Man casually dressed with a red baseball hat and tie.", "A man in grey shirt with red tie and red baseball cap.", "A man wearing a baseball cap, necktie and cartoon t-shirt", "A man dressed in a long sleeve tshirt and tie with a hat  to the side."]
["A large body of water surrounded by tall mountains.", "a still blue lake with a boat on it and a snowy mountain in the back", "a big lake with one boat on the water and some houses on the shore", "A view of a snow capped mountain across the water.", "a snow caped mountain is behind a large lake"]
["Man in suit and tie standing next to a woman with glasses.", "A man in a suit and tie standing next to a woman with glasses.", "A woman in glasses is standing next to a man in a suit.", "an image of a couple up on stage dressed up", "A man and a woman pictured in outdoor light."]
["Two boats sailing in the water near high grass.", "a boat that is out on the water", "A large boat is sitting in a harbor on a quiet body of water.", "A large boat is going down the river", "A boat sailing on top of a body of water."]
["Several boats docked in a beautiful city harbor.", "A group of ducks sitting in water with a city in the background.", "City view of large brown and green buildings near water. ", "A flock of ducks floating on a large body of water.", "Some tan building are sitting across the water"]
["a close up of a woman wearing a shirt and tie", "there is a woman next to water and many factory buildings", "A woman is standing in front of a plant. ", "A woman holding a long handle behind her back, an industrial city and river in the background.", "A CGI woman standing in front of a river full of pollution."]
["A beautiful woman holding a sword while wearing a tight white shirt.", "A woman in a white shirt and red tie is holding a sword.", "Heidy Simons is holding a sword behind her back.", "a woman dressed in an outfit for some battle royale cosplay", "A woman staring while standing holding a sword."]
["Tow umbrellas that are side by side above chairs.", "Large colorful umbrellas cover an outdoor dining area.", "A person sitting at a table covered in a yellow umbrella.", "An urban patio dining area for corporate lunch use.", "Some people are sitting at tables under umbrellas."]
["A man with glasses and a tie on staring. ", "A man in a suit and glasses takes a selfie.", "A man wearing a pair of glasses and a suit looking straight ahead.", "A man with long hair dressed in a suit vest and tie", "A man wearing a black vest and black glasses."]
["A herd of elephants walking around a river.", "A collective of elephants convening at a watering hole.", "A group of elephants walk through a shallow river. ", "A number of elephants in a river with their caretaker", "A group of elephants wade in a river as people sit or stand nearby. "]
["A boy in a tie is bending down over a bowl.", "A young boy with a tie playing in the dirt.", "A child with a tie reaching into a bowl.", "a close up of a child wearing a shirt and tie kneeling down", "A stylized photo of a small boy in a necktie playing in water."]
["A young boy reaching into a bowl sitting on the ground.", "A very small cute kid by a big pan.", "A baby wearing a colorful yellow necktie reaching in a bowl of water.", "Toddler boy in a tie playing in a dish of mud.", "A boy is reaching into a bowl of dirt."]
["A group of men riding on the back of a small elephant.", "Three people riding on top of an elephant. ", "a trio of men are riding on top of an elephant", "Two men riding an elephant driven by a boy.", "three people sitting on the back of an elephant"]
["A stool sitting next to a white umbrella near a brick wall.", "A very tall stool sitting by a big umbrella on a pole.", "A chair sitting by a backdrop next to a tripod ", "A room set up for taking pictures with a chair, a black backdrop and a lighting umbrella in it. ", "A chair and lighting is set up to take student portraits"]
["A group of people that are at the beach hanging out.", "a large blue umbrella and chair on a beach", "A beach chair and umbrella on the beach over looking the ocean.", "A sunbather at a beach relaxing in the shade of an umbrella.", "There is a blue beach umbrella and a chair at the beach"]
["A man smiling wearing a suit jacket, dress shirt and red tie with polka dots with a table and beer in the background.", "A happy man in suit and tie sitting in a kitchen", "A man sitting at a table wearing a red tie with white polka dots.", "A man in a suit and tie, smiling into camera.  ", "A man in a business suit smiles for the camera."]
["Two cats on a toilet tank looking out a window together. ", "Two kittens on a toilet looking outside a bathroom window.", "Two cats standing on the back of a toilette to stare out a window.", "Two cats are standing on the back of a toilet looking out the window.", "two cats stand on a toilet to peer out a window"]
["A man at a wedding with a drink in his hand.", "A man in a vintage tuxedo opens his mouth while holding a beer.", "A man in a tux is holding his drink and posing. ", "a person wearing a suit and tie ", "A man holding a glass full of beer in his right hand."]
["A man in a tuxedo is holding a beer", "A man smiling while holding his drink in one hand. ", "A man celebrating and dancing with a beer.", "a man holding a drink while wearing a suit and tie.", "A man who is wearing a suit and holding a beer."]
["A clock sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "a stack of papers resting on a scale that is sitting on a table", "A white clock is sitting in front of notebooks on this desk", "A clock sitting on a table with books behind it.", "A pile of books placed on top of a mechanical scale."]
["A young man wearing a tie and a blue shirt.", "A boy in a school uniform gives a knowing look to the camera.", "The boy is wearing a shirt with a tie. ", "a young boy is dressed in a shirt and tie", "Wistful look on a young fellow dressed in blue shirt and tie."]
["Two elephants that are standing near the water.", "Some very big elephants and some people by the water.", "A group of people on a boat and some elephants.", "two elephants standing by the side of the river with baskets on their backs ", "An elephant walking down a hill near a boat in the water."]
["The businessman has his boxing gloves on whikle he waits.", "A man in a button up and tie wearing boxing gloves.", "a guy in a shirt and tie wearing boxing gloves", "A man in a shirt and tie with boxing gloves on ", "A man with a tie on also has boxing gloves on. "]
["A animal sitting on a table next to a vase of roses. ", "Roses are in a large round vase that sits next to a dog.", "A clear vase that has some roses in it.", "a black animal sitting next to a vase with red roses in it ", "A cat sitting next to a bowl filled with water and roses."]
["A boat sits in the harbor along side other boats.", "Groups of ships tied up together in a pier with items on them. ", "Several loaded boats are docked by the shore.", "A boat is parked next to other parked boats.", "Boats are filled with fishing items as the sit at the dock."]
["A large elephant standing on the side of a lake.", "a big elephant that is drinking some water", "Trunk in the water, the elephant teeters on the river bank.", "a close up of a an elephant drinking water ", "an elephant standing by a little cliff so it can get some water with its trunk "]
["A baby elephant curls its trunk into its mouth beside mud or water.", "A small elephant next to a large elephant in the mud.", "A small elephant standing next to the edge of a watering hole.", "A young elephant holds its trunk up to its mouth.", "A baby elephant standing in the mud next to a body of water."]
["An elephant is seen wandering around on a sunny day.", "A large elephant in a tall grass field.", "A very large elephant standing alone in some brush.", "An elephant roaming the grassy areas in his natural habitat.", "A brown elephant with two tusks in a lush field."]
["The beach chair with the umbrella is empty on  the beach. ", "a umbrella sitting over a chair on a beach", "A chair and umbrella in the sand on the beach. ", "a chair and an umbrella at the beach", "Empty beach chair with umbrella on empty beach."]
["Several bags are covered with see through umbrellas on a beach.", "Two umbrellas that are set up to keep someone's stuff dry.", "Umbrellas guard personal items on a sandy beach.", "some people and clear umbrellas on the sand", "Luggage under clear umbrellas in the sand at the beach."]
["A four-picture collage of three elephants interacting with each other. ", "a couple of elephants that are standing in around in a field", "Three elephants socialize with each other in the wild.", "A series where three elephants are playing with each other.", "The elephants are walking together in the grass outside."]
["A mother elephant nuzzling her young, baby elephant.", "Small elephant leans towards a larger elephant on a field of grass. ", "two elephants on a field of green of green grass", "Two elephants standing on a lush green hillside.", "Mom and baby elephant cuddling in a pasture."]
["Two adult elephants are surrounding a baby elephant", "a baby elephant kneeling in front of two bigger elephants ", "A baby elephant and it's parents eat fruit.", "Elephants eat fruit, a baby elephant rummaging in the food.", "A pair of adult elephants with a baby elephant eat from a pile of fruit."]
["A young girl using a cellphone while sitting next to luggage.", "A girl is squatting outside by some suitcases.", "a person squatting down operating a cell phone", "A lady squating next to a suitcase typing on a cell phone.", "Next to a building, a woman crouches next to her luggage and looks at her phone. "]
["A tray holding various boxes and bubble wrap.", "Open suitcase sitting with several boxes being packed into it.", "An open brief case with the contents being displayed.", "A suit case is full of books and papers wrapped in travel plastic.", "an open suitcase filled with boxes and bubble wrap."]
["an old fashioned table holding onto some suitcases ", "Two pieces of vintage luggage sit atop a dresser. ", "A an antique dresser with two suit cases sitting on top.", "there is a old wardrobe or closet in this house", "Two suitcases sitting on top of a dark wooden pedestal."]
["Old luggage cases. One is brown and one is green.", "A view of some luggage that is on top of a table.", "Two very worn suitcases stacked on top of each other resting on a table.", "The green suitcase is sitting on the brown suit case.", "Two old weathered pieces of luggage stacked on top of each other."]
["A bedroom trashed and filled with clutter and junk.", "A room that looks as though it has not been cleaned. ", "A bedroom with several suitcases and garbage on the floor. ", "A hotel room with a bunch of suitcases in it that has been tossed.", "A bed and many suitcases in a room."]
["Two dogs and a cat take a nap on a couch.", "Two dogs sleep on the couch near the grey cat.", "Dogs and cat sleeping on big comfortable couch.", "Two dogs and a cat laying down on a couch", "a couple of dogs are laying on a couch"]
["A group of elephants standing next to each other .", "Two elephants standing next to a baby elephant.", "Three elephants, two adults and one baby,  with their backs turned. ", "Two adult elephants and a baby elephant walking.", "A baby elephants stands between two adult elephants."]
["a couple of elephants that are standing next to each other", "A young elephant snuggling with a larger elephant", "A baby elephant standing near an adult elephant.", "A baby elephant near the rear feet of an adult elephant.", "A baby elephant stands by an adult elephant."]
["A woman and a man riding on the back of an elephant.", "Three people are riding on an elephant's back through the jungle.", "An elephant is carrying people across a forested area.", "People are riding on an elephant in the forest.", "Couple riding on an elephant in a forest."]
["Small child in a green shirt standing inside of a suitcase. ", "A toddler sitting in a toddler sized recliner", "A little girl in a green shirt sitting on a chair.", "A little girl sitting in a piece of luggage.", "A toddler on a seat on the floor.  "]
["A pretty young lady holding an umbrella at night.", "a woman is standing outside and holding an umbrella", "A smiling woman in a formal dress holds an umbrella.", "A woman in a semi-formal dress is holding an umbrella", "A lady in a white dress posing with an umbrella."]
["Two young girls in sundresses under an umbrella.", "A couple small girls standing underneath a umbrella.", "Little girls pose and stands together under a Hello Kitty umbrella.", "Two girls standing under an umbrella while another girl watches from behind them.", "Two girls in dresses standing with an umbrella."]
["Three elephants and a zebra standing outdoors together.", "Two elephants and a zebra forage in an open grassland.", "Two elephants walking  through grass in front of a zebra", "Two elephants in a field with a zebra in the background. ", "Two large black elephants are walking on the terrain."]
["A lady and man on a park near the road", "A man holding a girl's hand and a blue umbrella on the ground next to him.", "A man with an umbrella standing with a woman in a park.", "A woman and her father hold hands in a park", "A man and a woman hold hand in the grass."]
["A dog laying on the ground with a pink frisbee in it's mouth.", "A black and white dog lies on the ground beside a frisbee.", "A grey and white dog lays on its side in the dirt.", "Dog laying on ground with mouth open next to frisbee.", "A dog with an open mouth lying on the ground nest to a flying disc toy."]
["A woman doing something with a large blue umbrella ", "A large woman is doing something with two opened umbrellas", "A woman arranges an umbrella while another woman looks on amused.", "The large blue umbrella completely hides the small sandwich board", "a woman is outside fixing up a couple umbrellas"]
["A view of a professional camera and light umbrella.", "A picture of a photography tripod and umbrella. ", "An umbrella sitting on top of a tripod.", "A photography light sitting in a room with a cabinet.", "A camera light and camera is set up in a room. "]
["A piece of luggage is leaning against the wall.", "A suitcase with a handle and wheels standing against a wall.", "The piece of luggage was leaned against the wall with its handles fully retracted.", "A black suitcase sitting upright next to a wall.", "The luggage bag is by itself beside a wall."]
["A boy holding an umbrella standing on a street.", "a black and white photo os a child holding an open umbrella", "A little boy holding a large umbrella behind his back.", "A small african American  boy holding an umbrella.", "A young boy stands holding a large umbrella."]
["Two small children are on the dirt with an umbrella.", "there are two children sitting on the ground under a umbrella", "Two children sitting in the sand under an umbrella.", "2 children sit on the dirt under an umbrella.", "a little boy and girl sitting under an umbrella"]
["A little baby eating food on a table with a bear on it.", "A baby eating in a high chair next to a toy bear with a drum.", "A BABY EATING A MEAL WITH HIS TOY DRUMMER BEAR", "A little baby that is sitting in a chair.", "A baby sitting in a high chair eating a piece of cake."]
["a man is wearing an eye patch in a room", "A young man with an eye patch posing with peace signs", "A young man with an eye patch making gestures with his fingers", "The young person wearing an eye patch poses flashing peace hand signs.", "a person standing with an eye patch and luggage bags"]
["This man is walking with a dog down the beach.", "A man walking a dog on a beach near the ocean.", "A man and dog are walking on the beach.", "A person walking a dog on the beach", "A man and his dog at a beach nearby."]
["A row of umbrellas next to trees with buildings in background.", "Group of multicolor beach umbrellas overlooking a city. ", "In the evening a large amount of open umbrellas are together.", "Colorful, decorative umbrellas lined up side by side with a city view in the background.", "several colorful umbrellas  on a balcony overlooking a city"]
["There is a dog that is walking on the beach at sun set", "Two dogs walking on a beach along the water.", "Two dogs play on the beach at sunset.", "a dog walking on a beach near water ", "a dog looking at another dog playing on the beach"]
["A group of women standing next to each other carrying luggage.", "Three people smiling in front of an airport kiosk.", "Two girls and one guy waiting at baggage claim.", "Three people standing at a baggage claim at an airport.", "3 people smile in the airport amongst a crowd."]
["A picture of a person that is about to throw a frisbee.", "Many people are participating in a Frisbee competition. ", "A group of people playing Frisbee on a grassy field.", "men on a field playing a game of frisbee", "A group of young men engaged in a Frisbee competition."]
["A dog standing in front of a chocolate cake.", "A large dog sitting next to a birthday cake.", "Grown dog sitting on floor with birthday cake in front of him.", "A dog that has a cake placed in front of it.", "A dog sits on a floor behind a birthday cake"]
["A person in red and black reaching for a person in white and black who has a Frisbee.", "a group of young men standing around a lush green field.", "Frisbee thrower being blocked by opposing player in frisbee-based game on playing field.", "People playing a game with a Frisbee outside.", "A group of men playing frisbee on a field"]
["There was a man that was playing frisbee on the grass", "The man is playing Frisbee in the yard with his two boys and a dog.", "A man and boy playing with a frisbee next to boy and dog.", "A man passing his child a frisbee on the grass. ", "A man throwing a Frisbee to a small boy, while another plays with a dog."]
["The two dogs are sitting on a chair.", "Two dogs are resting on a chair that has a blanket on it.", "Two dogs sitting on towels on a chair.", "Two dogs that are sitting on a chair.", "a white dog and a brown dog sitting on a chair with a blanket"]
["a woman in a short white skirt reaching for a ball.", "A person is getting ready to serve a tennis ball.", "A woman is bouncing a tennis ball on the ground.", "A female tennis player on a clay court.", "A tennis player throwing a ball at the ground. "]
["A woman is hitting a ball with a tennis racket.", "A woman swinging a tennis racket at a tennis ball.", "A woman wearing all white hits the ball while playing tennis", "A tennis player hitting a ball with a  racquet.", "A tennis player in white hits a ball."]
["A man in green shirt holding a frisbee under a bridge.", "A young man holding a disc near a bridge over a river.", "A man on the grass with a Frisbee.", "a close up of a person with a frisbee on a field", "A man tossing a purple frisbee on a field."]
["Two bears standing on a grassy hill facing each other. ", "Two bears are on a bank which is holding bags of gravel.", "Two bears climbing up a hill and looking for food", "The two bears are climbing up the embankment.", "Two brown bears standing on the side of a hill next to a lake."]
["A dog is resting under a blanket on a plump mattress.", "A dog laying on top of a bed.", "a dog is laying on a bed under a blanket", "a dog that is tired and resting on the bed ", "The dog is lying under a blanket on the bed."]
["Two small dogs sleeping on a persons bed", "a couple of dogs are asleep on a bed", "Two dogs sitting on a bed sleeping on a bed.", "Two dogs laying down on a bed together. ", "Two dogs rest together on a rumpled bed."]
["A dog is curled up on a bed under a blanket.", "A dog lying in a bed with a cover over him", "a dog tucked under a blanket in bed with feet hanging out", "Dog curled up in the bed under covers", "A dog snuggled under covers in a bed."]
["A black and white dog wrapped in a white blanket.", "A black and brown dog is wrapped in a sheet.", "The dog is laying down with a blanket on him. ", "A dog wrapped in a sheet with its mouth open for something.", "Dog covered in sheet on bed with mouth open."]
["A man on a bed with a couple of dogs.", "a sleeping bearded male a brown dog and a black brown and white dog", "A man laying in bed with a dog under a purple blanket.", "a person laying in a bed with two dogs ", "A man that is laying in a bed with two dogs."]
["A young girl jumping to reach a white disc on a beach.", "A little girl is standing on the beach trying to catch the frisbee.", "A young girl leaping up to catch a frisbee on the beach", "A young girl is leaping up to catch a Frisbee on the beach.", "A little girl jumps to catch a flying disc on the beach."]
["A couple of dogs lying on a bed in a trailer.", "Two dogs on a bed in an RV.", "A couple of dogs on a bed in a room.", "Two large dogs laying on printed sheets on a bed. ", "Two dogs resting on bed with pillows and window"]
["A dog that is laying it's head on a pillow and the rest of it's body is under a blanket.", "A dogs face and the dog is laying in the bed", "a close up of a dog laying in a bed ", "large dog in a bed under a blue blanket", "A dog laying down in the bed with blankets covering it."]
["A brown dog standing on top of a bed", "Large brown dog with red collar standing on top of a bed. ", "Dogs sitting together on sheets on a bed.", "Two dogs sitting on top of the bed . ", "Two dogs have decided to sleep on their owners bed"]
["Two dogs laying on a bed with a red comforter.", "two dogs laying on top of a bed resting in a room.", "These old pups have found the most comfortable place in the house", "two dogs lay down on a bed with a red sheet ", "A large red bed with two dogs sleeping on top of it."]
["A man is taking a picture in a rear view mirror.", "A woman taking a picture of her and a dog in a mirror.", "The woman in the mirror is taking a picture of herself and the dog.", "A woman in a car taking a photo of herself and her dog as seen from a side-view mirror .", "Seen as a reflection in a side view mirror: A woman sitting in the pasenger seat of a car with a dog in her lap and a camera in her hand "]
["A couple of zebra standing on a lush green field.", "Two different kids of animals grazing near a fence. ", "A group of zebras eating grass and relaxing in the sun. ", "Some very pretty zebras in a big grassy field.", "Several zebras are grazing an area inside a fence."]
["A couple of zebra standing next to a  metal fence.", "A zebra in front of a fence beside another zebra on the other side of the fence.", "The iron fence creates an unusual juxtaposition with the Zebra stripes.", "Two zebras standing by a iron fence in a park.", "Two zebras stand quietly in their zoo habitat."]
["A brown and white dog in window sill looking outside.", "A dog with long fur looks out a window.", "A dog watching out a window wearing a pink collar.", "A Pekingese dog looks forlornly out a window.", "an image of a dog that is looking out the window"]
["The man is running with a Frisbee while others cheer.", "An athlete holds a Frisbee in his hand while people in the background cheer.", "a man with a frisbe in hand gets cheered on by other people", "A person catching a Frisbee in the middle of a field.", "A man is catching a frisbee while playing a game."]
["A big black dog sitting next to a laptop computer.", "Brown dog with his muzzle down by a computer keyboard.", "a dog laying near a laptop on a bed", "Tired looking black dog snuggled next to a laptop computer", "A dog laying in bed next to a laptop."]
["a cocker spaniel puppy laying on top of controlers", "Sleepy dog guarding two remote controls on the couch.", "A very cute brown dog laying with some remotes.", "A small dog laying on a couch with a pillow and near some remote controls.", "A dog with an unenthusiastic look lying on a set of remote controllers."]
["a fridge is open with some food inside of it ", "a close up of a refrigerator with one door open ", "A fridge is wide open with all kinds of things inside.", "large stainless refrigerator with the refrigerator door open", "A dog is lying on a bed in an open refrigerator."]
["Two zebras are grazing next to each other near a fence.", "Two zebras eating green grass on the other side of a fence.", "Two zebras eating grass in a field with a metal fence.", "two zebras grazing in the grass behind a fence", "a couple of zebras standing in some grass"]
["A man in green shirt catching a white frisbee.", "a group of people on a field jumping to ath a frisbee", "A man in a green shirt jumping for a Frisbee. ", "Men play frisbee in a field in front of a group of people.", "Two men jumping for a flying disk while outside."]
["A man catching a frisbee while standing in a park.", "A person running in a park catching a frisbee.", "A man with hat running after a frisbee on the field", "Man in park running toward a frisbee to catch it.", "A man prepares to catch the frisbee in the park"]
["Two men playing frisbee on teams at a public park.", "Two people jumping to grab a flying disc in a grassy field", "Two men cacthing a white frisbee in a park.", "TWO MEN IN THE MIDDLE OF PLAYING A GAME OF FRISBEE.", "A group of men are playing frisbee as an audience watches."]
["A man is diving towards the ground to catch a Frisbee.", "a group of people playing frisbee in a field ", "Man in green shirt diving for a frisbee.", "A group of guys in the grass playing frisbee.", "A man diving to get a frisbee during a game."]
["Men are playing Frisbee in a yard. ", "Several people jump to try to catch a frisbee.", "A team of ultimate frisbee players jump for the frisbee.", "A group people jump to try to catch a Frisbee while others run towards the group.", "Several people standing in the grass playing frisbee."]
["Several men are all trying to catch a Frisbee.", "Four young men in an open field play frisbee.", "men playing Frisbee on the field with their hands up", "A group of four young men wearing athletic clothing are playing Frisbee in a green mowed area near a fence and a building.", "People are playing with a flying disc in the grass."]
["A lark dog sitting on wood floors in a living room.", "A dog is sitting in a living room.", "a brown and black dog a blue couch a rug and picture", "A dog sitting in a room by a couch.", "A dog is sitting in the middle of a living room. "]
["A group of children sitting around each other.", "four children looking at each other one holding long object", "A girl holding a tube talking to another girl.", "Group of children sitting on a bench petting a dog.", "The children are grouped together waiting their turn."]
["A group of girls sitting with a white and grey dog.", "A group of young, smiling children are gathered around a dog.", "A large group of children in a room with a couple adults and multiple dogs.", "A group of kids sitting around a fluffy dog.", "A group of children sit around a Husky dog while two people with two dogs in the background watch."]
["A man looking to his side while he holds his arms up to catch a frisbee. ", "A group of young men playing a game of frisbee.", "A man in a purple shirt trying to catch a frisbee.", "Some guys running with a disc in the air.", "A man getting ready to catch a frisbee "]
["A woman sitting in bed with a small dog.", "A person sitting in bed with a dog on his lap.", "A man sitting on a bed with a dog in his lap.", "A man is sitting on a bed with brown headboard.", "The man is doing paperwork in bed with his dog on his lap."]
["a group of men that are holding some frizbees", "A bunch of guys posing together with a disc.", "A group of men is posing with a frisbee.", "A bunch of people standing around and posing for a picture with a Frisbee.", "Some men are standing together with a Frisbee."]
["Two men playing Ultimate Frisbee, with one holding the disc upside down.", "Two men on opposing teams playing Frisbee with others looking on.", "Two men men playing a game of frisbee on a lush green field.", "The two players compete at a game of Frisbee.", "A man tossing a frisbee in  a field"]
["A man is off the ground catching a frisbee.", "a person that is jumping at a freez be", "A couple of guys that are standing in the grass.", "A boy in a field jumping to catch a frisbee.", "A man jumping up into the air to catch a white frisbee."]
["A man who is leaping in the air to catch a Frisbee.", "A man dives for a catch in this Ultimate Frisbee match", "The young man leapt through the air to reach the Frisbee before anyone else could get near it.", "The determined player is catching the frisbee in the game,", "Men play a vigorous game with a flying disc."]
["Two young men wearing glasses holding a white frisbee.", "Two people standing outside a building  wearing eyeglasses", "Two people are pictured standing in front of an apartment building.", "Boy in skeleton shirt listening to man with glasses holding a frisbee.", "Two men are standing around with a frisbee."]
["A man standing on top of a green soccer field.", "A group of young people playing with a disc in a grassy field.", "People are in the grass playing with a frisbee.", "There is a group of people out in the field that are playing Frisbee. ", "Several people on a grassy field playing frisbee."]
["Two men standing next to each other on top of a field.", "A large group of people in a field playing frisbee.", "People in casual sports uniforms running and jumping around.", "A gathering in the park and some are playing frisbee.", "a group of men play frisbe in a park area "]
["Friends playing a Frisbee game on a suburban soccer field", "A couple of guys playing with a frisbee", "Young men are playing soccer on the grass.", "A group of friends are outside on the yard grass playing Frisbee", "a group of people playing frisbee in a field"]
["A pretty young lady tossing a blue frisbee.", "Woman in a dress holding a blue frisbee in her hand. ", "A woman in a skirt is throwing a frisbee.", "A woman on a greenfield throwing a frisbee.", "A woman in the grass with a frisbee."]
["A person is playing frisbee with some children", "Four children are playing Frisbee in the park.", "a man two boys and a girl are playing with a frisbee", "A kid throws a frisbee at another group.", "kids playing together in a yard with a frisbee"]
["A man flying on the back of a boy while holding a white frisbee.", "Two men that are competitively diving for a Frisbee.", "Players colliding during an intense game of Ultimate Frisbee.", "A group of guys in a field chasing a fribee", "people playing a sport on a dirt field."]
["Adult man on grassy field playing disc game.", "A man is running in the grass playing with a Frisbee.", "a man that is throwing a frizbe around", "People playing Frisbee on a large grassy field in front of a parking lot.", "A man holding a while frisbee while standing on a field."]
["Some people playing with a disc in a big grassy field.", "Two people playing tennis together in a field.", "two people playing frisbee in a park next to cars", "Two men in a field by a parking lot play frisbee", "A couple of young men playing a game of frisbee."]
["A group of young men playing a game of frisbee in a park.", "some people playing frisbee game in a field ", "Four men playing with a frisbee on the grass.", "A Frisbee team runs forward during a game.", "A group of men play frisbee in a park."]
["People playing a game of Frisbee in the park. ", "People are playing with a Frisbee in a field.", "A team playing ultimate frisbee in a field\n", "Boys leaping for a Frisbee during an outdoor athletic event", "There are many people standing around while a guy catches a frisbee."]
["A close-up of a zebra looking back behind him.", "A zebra is in front of some dry trees.", "An animal that is looking at something behind it.", "a zebra looking behind while standing on a dirt field next to shrubbery.", "An adult zebra looking behind while standing near bushes."]
["Two people playing Frisbee in a field of grass.", "Two people are playing with a frisbee in the grass.", "People playing frisbee against each other in the grass. ", "A couple of men playing a game of frisbee.", "People standing on the grass playing with a frisbee."]
["A mother and baby zebra standing in their enclosure.", "THIS IS A BEAUTIFUL PICTURE OF A MOMMY AND BABY ZEBRA", "A couple of zebra standing next to each other.", "Baby zebra grazing next to adult zebra  with fence in background", "There are two zebras that are standing by each ither"]
["A herd of zebra standing on a green grass covered field.", "A group of zebras standing by each other", "Group of zebras standing in a field eating next to each other. ", "A group of zebras grazing in an open field", "There are some zebras standing in green grass"]
["Pair of zebras standing in grassy field outdoors.", "The two zebras are standing together on the land.", "The two zebras standing out in the field.", "Two zebra stand next to each other in the grass.", "a couple of zebras are in a field"]
["Zebra and other wildlife standing together in an outdoor area that has tall grass, trees and bushes.", "This is a large group of zebras roaming on a grassy plane.", "A group of zebras waiting around in some long grass.", "some zebras tall brown grass bushes and trees", "Numerous zebra and other animals grazing in a field with many trees in the background."]
["two zebras are walking in a field next to some plants", "A couple of zebra standing next to each other.", "A zebra looking downward walking through a field.", "A zebra is standing alone by itself. ", "Two zebras walking in dirt while fenced in. "]
["there are many statues of zebras all around the field", "People are taking pictures and looking at many zebras. ", "People are standing around and looking at Zebra statues.", "many people mingling among several zebras some people are taking pictures ", "A group of zebra sculptures are displayed in the grass."]
["A zebra standing at the edge of a pond.", "a zebra that is standing by some water", "A zebra stands in the shade while looking into a puddle of water.", "there is a zebra that is standing by the water", "a lone zebra stands just before a small body of water and looks down"]
["a couple of zebras that are standing next to a fence", "The zebra in the zoo have both grassy and sandy areas within their enclosure.", "Some zebras are standing around by a fence.", "Zebras standing in the shade of a fenced off enclosure.", "Two zebras fenced in standing in the shade. "]
["A herd of zebra standing in a grassy field.", "a lot of zebras in a field of tall grass", "many zebras grazing in a grassy area with small trees and bushes. ", "A herd of ten zebras grazing on grass with shrubs behind them.", "Herd of zebras grazing in an open field of green grass."]
["A couple of zebra standing next to each other.", "A group of zebra on a grassy field.", "three zebras in some brown grass against a white and gray sky", "A couple of animals that are in the grass.", "A herd of zebras stand together in the tall grass."]
["There are police men standing and some are sitting on horses", "A group of people on horses standing in the street.", "Several police on horses sitting at a street intersection.", "Some horses in the street with people on the horses back", "Mounted police officer standing in the middle of a crosswalk."]
["A group of people dressed in police uniforms on horses.", "A group of police on horses stand in a line.", "Several mounted police on horses on a busy street.", "Horse mounted police lined up on street at night.", "Police officers lined up in a row riding on horses."]
["There are several horses getting ready to race.", "Riot police on horseback line up across a street", "A group of police riding horses in formation.", "Police officers on horseback line up along a city street. ", "A line of police officers are riding their horses."]
["A zebra standing behind a fence in dirt.", "Lone zebra standing in a dirt lot behind a chain link fence.", "A zebra standing behind a chain link fence.", "A young zebra walking around their pen in the zoo.", "A little baby zebra running around in a fenced in area."]
["Two horses grazing outside behind a thin wire fence. ", "One white and one brown horse are grazing in the field.", "Two horses are grazing in an enclosed area with  short grass that's bordered one one side by a section of shaggy grass and at the far end by a line of tall trees under a blue sky. ", "Two horses standing and grazing in a fenced field.", "Two horses that are standing in the grass."]
["A light brown horse's face is shown at close range.", "a picture of a horse in a field", "A young mule on an open field with green grass and trees", "A pony is standing near a row of trees.", "A horse standing in a grassy field, looking at the camera."]
["A man with a beard is close to a farm animal.", "A man with a beard and hat is petting a horse.", "A man with a large red beard petting a brown horse.", "The man is petting his horse while he is outside.", "A man with a rough red beard pets a horse."]
["A small formation of mounted guards practicing a routine.", "Some men are riding horses in a dirt courtyard.", "Three men on three horses in a courtyard.", "A group of people riding on the backs of horses.", "Three royal mounted guardsmen riding across a field."]
["A woman cutting up an apple on top of a cutting board.", "there is a person that is cutting a orange on a cutting board", "A chef removes the peel from an orange. ", "A person cuts the rind off of an orange on a cutting board.", "A cook cutting open fruit in the kitchen."]
["A display case in a store filled with apples and oranges.", "The apples and oranges are neatly arranged for sale.", "A produce stand with various types of fruits in bins for sale with the prices above the stands.", "Fruit is nicely arranged on tiered display shelves.", "The fruit section inside a store with apples and oranges."]
["a outside produce market with different fruit and vegetables", "An outdoor market selling a variety of fruits. ", "A grocery store filled with lots of fresh produce.", "Greengrocers standing in their fruit and vegetable stalls at a market ", "a number of fruits at a market "]
["Two oranges sitting beside a banana on a counter.", "a banana and some oranges on a table together", "A single banana with two oranges side by side on a table.", "Two oranges and a banana laid out to look like a sad face", "The banana is sitting next to the two oranges,"]
["A man standing in front of a stove cooking.", "A cook at a restaurant's kitchen is busy preparing meals.", "The cook is preparing the meals in window. ", "A young man is cooking various foods on a stove.", "A man cooking in an restaurant kitchen with shelves over the stove. "]
["A picture of a baseball game from just behind the left fielder.", "a couple of baseball players are out on a field", "a group of men playing on a ball field in front of an audience", "Men sit in the outfield in white uniforms waiting for the pitch. ", "professional baseball players competing in a game of baseball"]
["A bruised banana sitting next to a cup of coffee.", "An browned banana witting next to a mug. ", "a cappuccino and a overripe banana sit on a table ", "A rotten banana sits next to a cup of coffee\n", "A ripe banana sitting next to a cup of coffee."]
["A pile of fresh fruits and vegetables sitting on display.", "A market has a wide assortment of different fruits.", "A fruit stand with pineapples, grapefruit, oranges, lemons, limes and apples.", "A fruit stand features various types of fruits on  it", "a table with assorted fruit and veggies sitting all together "]
["A grocery haul of bananas, bread, onions, potatoes, milk, cream and more.", "Groceries are lined up on a grocery belt.", "A conveyor belt at a store with groceries on it.", "A checkout belt of various food including bananas and bread.", "A selection of groceries on the belt at a supermarket."]
["A pile of blood oranges sitting on display in a store.", "Fruit market display of oranges with one cut open.", "A piece of fruit is sliced in half and displayed with several other pieces of fruit.", "a blood orange cut in half on top of a bunch of other orangets ", "A grapefruit is cut open and placed on a pile."]
["A baseball player pitching a baseball during a game.", "A baseball pitcher on the mound about to throw a pitch.", "A pitcher who is in the middle of throwing the ball to the plate.", "A baseball pitcher on the mount mid pitch.", "A professional baseball player on a baseball field photoed during mid pitch "]
["Two men who are both holding some oranges.", "The men are standing next to each other holding fruit. ", "Some people are having some lemons in the middle of a crowd. ", "Two gentlemen holding six oranges on a street.", "Two men holding oranges on a city street. "]
["A bunch of yellow bananas sitting on top of a counter.", "Two bananas are sitting on a counter next to each other.", "A pair of banana's lying parallel to each other on a table.", "two bananas sitting next to each other on a table next to a white napkin.", "Two yellow bananas laying on a counter top."]
["a close up of banana peels near a drink", "A beverage in a glass next to a pile of banana peels with a scoop of green food on top.", "A frothy drink is by some strange looking bananas.", "there is a cup next to banana peels on a wood table", "Food items next to beverage displayed on wooden surface."]
["A semi-browned banana sitting on top a cup of starbucks coffee.", "A banana over a Starbucks coffee over a paper with information.", "A coffee cup sitting underneath a ripe banana.", "A banana sitting on top of a cup on a desk.", "A bruised banana sitting on top of a coffee cup."]
["An adult on skis holding the hand of a child on skis.", "A man with skis on holds the hand of a child. ", "A man is helping a child on skis.", "a person riding skis on a snowy path", "An adult and a child walk through the snow on skis."]
["An adult teaching a young person how to ski in the mountains", "A picture to people about the ski in the snow.", "A man on skis is trailing behind a little boy on little skis.", "a young person and an adult wearing skis", "An adult attempting to teach a youngster to ski."]
["A man on skis teaches a very small boy how to ski on a snowy landscape.", "A man and child on skiis practicing skiing. ", "An adult on skiis helps a child stand steady on skiis on snow.", "A man is instructing a child to ski in a snowy area.", "A small child and a man are on snow skis."]
["An adult skier is holding the hand of a child skier.", "An adult on skis holding hands with a small child on skis.", "An adult with a child riding skis down a small hill.", "a little kid holding hands and standing with a person next to them ", "the man holds the childs hand down the slopes"]
["a man on skis showing a young child how to ski", "An adult in a red jacket is with a child in a blue snow suit on skis.", "A man and a little boy on skis on a ski hill.", "A man teaches a boy how to ski", "Small child on skis talking to an adult on skis"]
["A group of people who are outside wearing snow skis.", "Young skiers on snow covered area in alpine ski resort.", "A large grouo of people having fun on the ski slope.", "a number of people riding skis on a snowy suface", "Groups of skiers stand around in the snow. "]
["@ couple of kids walking in the snow", "Two children skiing in front of a crowd of people.", "A picture of a lot of people in the snow.", "A large group of people at a mountain ski resort.", "A variety of skiers of many ages on a snowy plain. "]
["Adults and children engage in winter sports on a snowy day.", "A bunch of kids and some grown ups skiing. ", "Large number of snow skiers at the bottom of a slope.", "a bunch of people that are skiing down a hill", "The people are on the snow in skates."]
["A woman standing in front of a table full of bananas.", "a market with people and lots of bananas ", "A woman offers bananas for sale at a market.", "Person standing behind a large group of bananas talks to a woman in red.", "a woman standing behind a large display of bananas"]
["pitcher standing on the mound watching runner on field", "A group of men are in a field playing baseball.", "A game of professional baseball, as one player holds up his glove.", "A team of baseball players are playing a game of baseball.", "A base runner is waiting for a pitcher to throw a ball. "]
["A group of men playing baseball with people watching.", "A group of baseball players standing on top of a field.", "A pitcher throwing a ball over the plate at a baseball game.", "A pitcher throwing a ball during a baseball game.", "The large crowd watches as a pitch is thrown to home plate."]
["A baseball player is getting ready to hit a pitch. ", "This is a baseball player trying to hit a ball", "The baseball player will hit the baseball far into the outfield.", "a view of a pitcher and umpire and a batter with the ball in  flight  to the batter", "A bunch of baseball player sin a field playing games"]
["Two people pose for a picture while holding up their skis.", "Two skiers in the middle of a snowstorm.", "Two people with skis stand next to each other.", "Two people in the snow, holding and wearing skis.", "Two skiers pose side by side for a picture"]
["Extremely ripe banana being put into a saucepan in a kitchen", "Person handles yellow vegetable in silver pot at the wooden counter.", "Overly ripened bananas are being skinned into a pot.", "A person is cooking some vegetables in the kitchen. ", "a person is pulling apart a eggplant "]
["A picture loaded with much wonderful sustenance on table.\n", "Bananas hang from a stand on the counter", "A couple of bananas hanging from a metal hook.", "two bananas on a paper towel hanger on a counter ", "a banana holder a clock and some bananas"]
["Beans are spilling out of an already piled dinner plate.", "A blue plate topped with lots of different foods.", "Beans and other food is sitting on a plate.", "A plate of food containing beans, chicken, vegetables and rice.", "A lunch plate with fried chicken, beans, rice, broccoli, carrots and cornbread."]
["A man kneeling down behind a bunch of bananas.", "A man in military gear with a gun, crouching behind a rock structure with a banana tree in front of him.", "A man wearing a blue hat under a banana tree.", "A man is crouching next to a banana tree.", "A person is squatting by a banana tree. "]
["A plate topped with waffles, bacon and banana slices.", "Misshaped waffles are covered with bananas and side of bacon.", "a blue plate with some waffles bananas and bacon", "A breakfast of bacon, waffles, and fried banana slices", "A breakfast of waffles, bananas and bacon on a plate."]
["a banana sitting next to a can of tomato soup ", "A can of Campbell's Tomato Soup and a ripe banana.", "A banana is sitting next to a can of soup.", "A banana on a white surface next to a can of tomato soup", "A banana and a can of tomato soup are resting on a white surface. "]
["A plate with meat and vegetables next to a fork.", "A meal consists of beef, broccoli and cauliflower, and black beans on a striped table mat.", "A white plate topped with a salad and beans.", "White plate with beans and vegetables on a stripped place mat.", "a close up of a plate of food with broccoli"]
["A dinner plate set with Fish and a baked potato", "A chicken and baked potato entree served at a restaurant.", "A plate of fish with broccoli and a baked potato on the side.", "There is a plate if food with broccoli, fish, and a baked potato.", "The fish was served with baked potato and broccoli."]
["Grilled meat with veggies and potatoes on plate", "A plate with barbecue chicken, mashed red potatoes and steamed broccoli.", "A plate with chicken, mashed potatoes, and broccoli on it.", "Grilled meat with two sides of mashed potatoes and broccoli.", "A plate contains meat, broccoli, and mashed potatoes. "]
["A plate of broccoli covered in cheeto's with a utensil on it.", "Cheetos are used as a topping for cheesy broccoli.", "A bowl of broccoli covered in cheese and cheetos.", "A white plate topped with Cheetos and broccoli.", "The meal is prepared and ready to be eaten. "]
["A town square is full of people riding their bikes and skateboarding.", "Pedestrians, cyclists, and skateboarders in a European plaza.", "A town plaza with people riding bikes, skateboards and walking.", "A bunch of skateboarders in a city square", "People gathered in a square surrounded by buildings."]
["a plate with something that looks to be catfood. ", "potatoes broccolli steak and some sort of other meat", "A plated meal of beef, potatoes, spinach and bread.", "A dish that was prepared for an artistic look is on the table.", "An artistic dish with meat,potatoes, and some gravy."]
["A man riding a skateboard down a set of steps.", "A person in midair as he skateboards up several steps.", "A MAN IS JUMPING ON THE SKATE BOARD ", "This dextrous fellow rides his skateboard on stairs.", "A young man turns on his skateboard mid-air over the concrete steps."]
["A man riding a skateboard down cement steps.", "A young man crouches on his skateboards on some steps.", "A young boy riding a skate board down some stairs.", "A man on  a skateboard is riding down the steps", "there is a male skateboarder that is going down the stairs"]
["A green plant that is growing out of the ground.", "A picture of an unidentified plant growing in a garden.", "A small green leafy plant in the ground.", "A photo of a plant inside a garden. ", "The green plant has buds growing from it."]
["A counter topped with a pan full of food.", "A table with a plate of broccoli and another food. ", "Cooked dishes served in stainless steel pans served at table.", "A table filled with some very tasty looking food.", "a dish with broccoli and a pan of noodles"]
["An open refrigerator containing various fruits, vegetables and jars.", "A open refrigerator full of many types of food.", "An open white fridge revealing different food inside.", "a close up of an open refrigerator with food", "A fully stocked super clean white refrigerator with a bottom freezer."]
["Apples sitting in front of a hookah pipe.", "A collection of apples setting on a dining area table.", "A table with a lamp next to apples sitting on top of each other.", "A makeshift table arrangement combines vintage, nautical, fruit and a remote.", "An old hookah with some fresh fruit nearby"]
["A man with a backpack on one ski at the top of a ski lift.", "Guy up by the top of a ski lift poses in his skis", "A man in a blue jacket poses on skis.", "A man walking exaggeratedly in snow skis outside.", "A man riding skis down a snow covered slope."]
["A display case filled with fruit in paper wrappers.", "Fruit are arranged in white net cups and in plastic containers at a market.", "a fruit stand with fruit wrapped in Styrofoam and in  containers", "Grouped fruits in boxes with handwritten price signs.", "A mall assortment of fruits and price tags."]
["a couple of people are wearing skis in the snow", "Fours skiers on a snowy day outdoors at a ski resort.", "Three people ski down a mountain at a ski resort.", "Three people at a ski lodge that are skiing.", "People ski at a ski lodge during a snowstore."]
["A plate of cooked green vegetables and hot chilies. ", "The plate is piled high with a mixture of vegetables.", "A white plate topped with green vegetables next to a orange food.", "There is a pile of luscious vegetation upon the table.", "A cooked dish of ocra and other vegitables."]
["A red plate sitting on top of a table with food on it.", "A red plate with broccoli and other vegetables along with meatball type food.", "meatballs, onions and broccoli on a plate ", "there is a large red plate with lots of broccoli and different meats ", "this is food and a fork on a  table"]
["A red plate topped with broccoli and meatballs.", "Meatballs and broccoli on a red plate sit on a stone table.", "A red plate filled with vegetables and meatballs ", "a red plate full of meatballs and broccoli on a table", "There are wontons and broccoli on a plate."]
["A red plate that had green veggies and it", "a plate is covered with broccoli, onions, tomatoes, and peppers", "A plate with broccoli, onions, peppers and tomatoes.", "A plate of broccoli, tomato, onion and peppers.", "The plate has broccoli and slices of tomato and onion."]
["A plate of broccoli sits on a red plate.", "This dish has mushrooms, onion, broccoli, and peppers in it.", "Fork and knife rest on napkin next to a round plate with broccoli and mushrooms", "a close up of a plate of food with broccoli", "Having some Broccoli and mushrooms for dinner.  "]
["A skateboarder doing a trick on a ramp covered in graffiti at night.", "A man doing a trick on a skateboard on a graffiti ramp.", "A boy near the top of a skateboard ramp.", "A skate boarder riding on a heavily painted skate ramp.", "A teenager riding it's skateboard on a ramp."]
["The young boy is practicing his tricks on his skateboard. ", "A boy doing tricks with his skateboard on the road.", "A boy in midair above the skateboard on the street. ", "A person doing a trick on a skateboard in the road", "A little boy doing a kick flip on a skateboard"]
["a white plate with rice carrots and various other food", "A plate full of food sits on a table.", "Food in a dish on a table with other dishes.", "A traditional thai meal displayed on a plate.", "A large plate of vegetables and rice  with dipping sauce on the side."]
["A plate of vegetables with carrots and eggplant.", "A colorful plate of avocado, carrot, and cabbage.", "Guacamole sits on a white plate with a garnish of shredded carrots.", "A white bowl of food on a table.", "A plate of food with two scoops of guacamole sitting on a shredded carrots and cabbage.  "]
["Various foods are sitting on a plate ready to eat.", "A plate of food with turkey breast and stuffing on a plate with vegetables.", "A plate of food with vegtables and meat.", "Meats, fried food, and vegetables are on a plate.", "A plate with different kinds of meats and some vegetables."]
["A case with a pink and green pattern.", "A woman holding a cell phone in a cell phone case. ", "A person holding up a colorful flowery phone.", "A close up of a person holding a cell phone ", "a cell phone cover made to look like food "]
["There is not much space left for anything else.", "A work desk with two laptop computers, a phone, office supplies, and personal items.", "Cluttered home work space with many electronics splayed.", "A desk is filled with electronics and clutter.  ", "A view of a desktop computer with a lot of clutter on it."]
["A plate that has different kinds of food on it.", "a plate that has a table full of food", "a bunch of food is laying on a counter", "A picture of bread, butter, carrots, and other food", "A pile of different types of food sitting next to each other."]
["A Styrofoam cup of coffee with a wooden stirrer in it is nearly half drank.", "A paper coffee cup with a stirrer on a computer desk.", "A coffee cup with a stick and coffee in it next to a keyboard.", "An almost empty cup of coffee with at stirrer in it.", "A cup with a stirrer is sitting on a desk with a keyboard."]
["A picture of a coffee cup and a smart phone on a table.", "A cup is sitting on a surface next to a cell phone.", "A filtered photo of a phone and coffee mug is shown.", "A cup sitting next to a smart phone.", "A very fuzzy image of a cell phone and a cup."]
["Cups, fruit and a person in a white t shirt", "Several stacks of disposable cups sit in a kitchen.", "A blender that is full of fruits in front of a large pile of fruits. ", "a couple of cups are stacked on a table", "View of worker at the blender behind the cups"]
["A man on a skateboard is trying to jump over a wall.", "A man on a skateboard on top of concrete.", "A man who is performing a trick on a skateboard.", "The skateboarder in jeans is jumping on his board.", "A man doing a trick on a skateboard off a wall."]
["A young man riding a skateboard on top of a skate park.", "A young man bending down ridding a skateboard.", "a person riding a skate board near a ledge ", "A guy riding his skateboard down a paved path.", "A skateboard is skating down the sidewalk on his skate board. "]
["A man on a skateboard captured in each step of a trick.", "A time lapse image of a guy doing a skate board trick in air.", "A time-lapse photo shows a skateboarder doing a trick.", "A skateboarder riding his skateboard on the street.", "eight poses of the same guy as he does his tricks"]
["A group of young children riding skateboards in a building.", "A group of young skateboarders  wearing helmets and knee pads", "Several kids standing around on skateboards outside of a store.", "A group of skateboarders stand waiting in line.", "A group of skateboarders gathered with their skateboards"]
["A little girl riding a skateboard on a sidewalk.", "a young  child standing on a skate board on a sidewalk", "a little girl trying to ride on a skate board", "A girl on the sidewalk with one foot on her skateboard. ", "A girl riding a skateboard on the sidewalk"]
["A guy jumping in the air on a skateboard. ", "a skateboarder executing a jump with people looking", "a group of skateboarders with one guy using the course", "A man on a skateboard jumps in the air.", "Is this skateboarder going to make it down the ramp?"]
["a very young man flying very high when skating", "A skateboarder is in the air as he performs a stunt.", "A person flying through the air on a skateboard at a skateboard park.", "A man who is performing a trick on a skateboard.", "A young man doing jumps using his skateboard"]
["A person riding a skateboard down a stair rail.", "A man doing a skateboard trick sliding down a rail.", "A skateboarder is going down the handrail on stairs.", "A boy riding his skateboard on a rail beside a train track.", "A young man wearing a beanie hat rides a skateboard down a railing next to stairs."]
["A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "A skateboarder grinding a rail outside of a warehouse.", "The skateboarder is jumping off the railing with his board.", "A man is doing skateboarding stunt over a rail.", "A person with a skateboard on a rail."]
["Three women that are finishing a skiing tournament", "A woman in a purple ski suit racing two other girls on skis.", "Three skiers racing each other on a flat course.", "Three women are racing in the snow on skis.", "A group of women skiing down the mountain."]
["A person cutting a slice of pizza with a fork and knife.", "A person cuts a piece of cheese pizza with a fork.", "Eating pizza on a paper plate with knife and fork", "A slice of pizza cut by a knife and fork.", "A person cutting up a slice of pizza with a knife and fork."]
["a bunch of veggies are on a table", "A group of vegetables on top of  a dark surface.", "Carrots and onions and celery on a tray", "a table that has some vegetables on top of it", "Vegetables on a cutting board including carrots, celery, onions, potatoes and turnips."]
["a man is doing a trick on a skateboard", "A skateboarder doing a trick in the air, on a wooden ramp with a blue sky and clouds in the background.", "A person is performing a trick on a skateboard.", "there is a skateboarder that has jumped on to a ramp", "A man is jumping on a skateboard in a park."]
["A man does tricks on his skateboard while people look at the scenery.", "a boy doing a trick with his skate board", "Boy jumping his skateboard on a riverside walkway.", "A man that is in the air with a skateboard underneath him.", "A person doing a trick on a skateboard on a sidewalk."]
["A young man on a skateboard doing tricks", "A boy on a skateboard attempts a trick above the ground.", "A man on a skatboard jumping a traffic cone.", "Young male riding a skateboard performing a trick", "A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard."]
["Man in a red shirt and blue jeans skateboarding. ", "A young boy is skateboarding in the middle of a parking lot. ", "a person with a red shirt is skateboarding and some cars", "A man riding on a skateboard on the pavement. ", "A photo of a boy riding his skateboard in a parking lot."]
["Glass shelves on a display with tags on items.", "A glass case with shelves and various items displayed.", "A glass shelf with a clock, flask, wooden box and various other objects. ", "A glass display case contains wooden boxes and trinkets like flasks and pocket knives. ", "Relics are positioned on glass shelves with a digital piece."]
["A skiier  travels down the snow before a scenic view.", "A skier heads down a snow covered slope in the mountains.", "A man skiing down hill holding ski poles", "A man riding skis down the side of a snow covered ski slope", "A person with a backpack downhill skiing on fresh powder."]
["A young man in glasses is eating a carrot.", "Teenager with glasses eating a carrot in a kitchen.", "A woman sits at a kitchen table with a carrot to her lips.", "a close up of a person sitting at a table eating a carrot", "A person in a kitchen holding a carrot."]
["A man riding a skateboard while flying through the air.", "A skateboarder is smoking a cigarette in mid air while doing a trick on his skateboard. ", "A young man is performing a skateboard trick while smoking.", "A skateboarder does a trick at a skate park. ", "The teenaged boy is performing jumps on his skateboard at the park."]
["A white plate topped with meat, potatoes with gravy and veggies.", "some white plates with some meat vegetables and a drink", "Meal with meat and vegetables served on table.", "A turkey dinner shows corn, peas, mashed potatoes and biscuits all on one plate.", "white plate with meat and vegtables on tabletop"]
["This table is filled with a variety of different dishes.", "A variety of food in dishes is displayed on a table.", "Table of food including carrots, peas, salad, corn, gravy, pies, bread", "A table layed out with food such as, salad, steamed peas and carrots, steamed corn, and bread rolls.", "A table full of food such as peas and carrots, bread, salad and gravy. "]
["A young man riding a skateboard up into the air.", "A guy on a skate board high in the air.", "A boy using a skateboard to do a trick.", "A skate boarder is doing stunts on his skate board. ", "A skateboarder is trying to do a trick. "]
["a male skateboarder in a white shirt doing a trick", "there is a man doing a trick on a skate board", "A man riding a skateboard down a sidewalk.", "A man on a skateboard on the sidewalk ", "a man standing on a skateboard and leaning off to the side"]
["A man with roller blades that is jumping in the air.", "This is a black and white picture of a man skateboarding", "A guy on a skate board high in the air.", "a boy on a skate board in the air ", "He is high up above the ramp on his skateboard."]
["A big very tasty looking sandwich filled with some meat.", "The sandwich is made with a sesame seed bun.", "A large meaty sandwich sitting on aluminum foil.", "a sandwich that is on top of some foil", "A burger that is sitting on top of foil."]
["a woman sitting before a plate of ham slices and a camera.", "A women is partaking in canned lunch meat with a camera beside her.", "A woman slicing spam on the table with a digital camera in front of her.", "A woman is cutting up a block of spam.", "A woman is eating spam off of a plate with a camera next to her."]
["A man riding a skateboard on the side of a ramp.", "A boy in black  shirt doing a trick on a skateboard.", "A person wearing a hat, shoes, and jeans rides a skateboard.", "A skateboarder is balancing his board on a structure.", "a person standing on a skateboard and performing a stunt."]
["A young man riding through the air on a  skateboard.", "A skater is doing a dare-devil stunt down a ramp on his skateboard.", "a skateboarder in a black shirt is doing a trick", "Skateboarder riding his board at the top of a ramp. ", "A skateboarder reaches the top of a ramp."]
["A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "Person in the air on a skateboard jump", "A man on a skateboard jumping in the air off a ramp.", "Skateboarder performing trick in skate park off ramps.", "A young man jumping in the air on a skateboard."]
["A man riding a board through the air under a blue cloudy sky.", "A skateboarder does a trick in the air at a skate park.", "A man in the air skating on the road", "A man skateboarding at a skate park near a ramp.", "a man doing a trick on a skaeboard"]
["a male skateboarder in a black and white shirt doing a trick", "A skateboarder amongst concrete walls, rising above them all", "A man riding a skateboard in a half-pipe.", "The man is in midair on his skateboard and there is a large building in the background. ", "A person is riding a skateboard on a ramp."]
["A man sitting at a table, holding a foot long hotdog topped with chilli", "A man at table holding a footlong hotdog.", "A man is posing for the camera holding his huge hot dog. ", "A man holds up a foot long hotdog covered in chili.", "A man holds a foot log hot dog with chili at a table in a restaurant."]
["Closeup of a corner of a metal tray containing three hotdogs.", "There are three hot dogs in a serving tray", "Three hot dogs sitting next to each other.", "Several hot dogs laying in a metal pan.", "Three cooked hot dogs in a pan. "]
["A hot dog that is sitting on a napkin.", "a hot dog covered with some chili, mustard, adn ketchup", "Large hot dog with condiment sitting on top of a white plate. ", "A plate that has food on it with a glass next to it. ", "A close shot of a chili-dog with mustard on a blue paper. "]
["A plate with a hot dog and french fries on it. ", "a close up of a hot dog on a plate with french fries ", "A hot dog on a bun next to some french fries.", "some fries and a hot dog in a bun sitting on a plate", "A hot dog and french fries sitting on a plate."]
["a man performs a trick on a skate board as people look on ", "The young man on the skateboard has earphones on.", "A skateboarder rides his board in front of a group of people.", "A boy is riding a skate board in front of a crowd of people.", "A skateboarder doing tricks while people behind him watch"]
["A hand holds a hot dog while a little girl stands near. ", "AN ADULT IS HOLDING A LOADED HOTDOG AND TAKING A PICTURE OF IT", "Adult holding food item with small girl standing nearby.", "A person holding a hot dog with ketchup, mustard and onions near a little girl. ", "A person holds a hot dog with onions, mustard, and ketsup."]
["A snowboarder in the snow smiles at the camera.", "A boy is dressed for winter and has a snowboard. ", "a young person kneeling in the snow with their snowboard", "A gleeful boy with a snowboard plays in the snow.", "A child with snow sleds smiles in the snow."]
["Several baskets filled with food sitting on a table.", "A full view of some food set on a table. ", "some food is laying out on wax paper", "a bunch of baskets with some hot dogs and food inside of it ", "A table topped with hot dogs and fries."]
["Two doughnuts are sitting next to each other on white paper.", "The two donuts have both been fried in unhealthy fat.", "A wrapper with two donuts inside of it", "A half eaten doughnut next to a full doughnut.", "a couple of doughnuts sit on some paper "]
["a close up of a plate of food with egg", "A plate of breakfast items is shown with a pastry, yogurt, and a sausage, egg biscuit.", "A plate of breakfast with yogurt, a pastry, and breakfast sandwich.", "A white paper plate topped with three different breakfast foods.", "A cheeseburger and a pastry on a white plate."]
["A hot dog in a paper container of some sort.", "A hot dog sitting in a paper container covered in cheese and chili.", "On the grate is a hotdog loaded with chili and cheese.", "A cheesy hot dog is on a red grated table.", "A hot dog with chili and cheese in a container on a shelf"]
["A man in brown jacket holding a footlong hotdog.", "an image of man eating a hot dog outside", "A man about to take a bite out of a hotdog.", "a close up of a person eating a hot dog", "A man in front of a coca cola tent eating a hot dog."]
["A person eating some food walking down a street.", "a male in a green shirt is holding a sandwich and a drink", "A man is taking a bite of a sandwich.", "A MAN HOLDING A SANDWICH IN HIS HAND AND LICKING HIS LIP", "A friend took this picture just has his friend was eating his hot dog."]
["A man holding a snowboard on top of a snow covered hill.", "A man holds a snowboard against a snowy mountain background.", "A smiling man poses holding a snow board near some mountains.", "A man posing for a picture with a snowboard atop a snowy mountain.", "A snowboarder, with a yellow snowboard, poses in front snowy mountains."]
["a sandwich is sitting on a white plate", "A plate of food on a dining table.", "a white plate with some food and a plastic white spoon", "A grilled sandwich sits on a white plate.", "There is a paper plate with an entree on it."]
["Two donuts sitting on top of a paper bag on a dinner table. ", "Two donutes and a cup of coffee are placed on a table.", "Two doughnuts on top of a paper bag and a cup of coffee in a mug.", "Two doughnuts and a cup of coffee on a table.", "Two donuts are on the brown paper bag next to a cup of coffee. "]
["A sandwich that is sitting on a napkin on a plate.", "Sandwich with garnish sitting a table next to a beer.", "A plate that has a sandwich on it.", "A sandwich on a roll next to a glass of beer at a restaurant.", "There is a sandwich on the plate and a beer on the table. "]
["there is half of a sandwich wrapped in a paper ", "A large sandwich with lettuce and meat. ", "This sub sandwich came wrapped in paper from the deli.", "A subway style sandwich with lettuce, tomato and onions.", "a sandwich in a wrapper on a table"]
["A man is shoving a large piece of food in to his mouth.", "A man in striped sweater putting a whole donut in his mouth.", "A young man with sideburns and a striped shirt is shoving a whole cupcake into his mouth. ", "a man cramming a pastry into his mouth ", "A man eating a whole doughnut at one time. "]
["Part of a donut sits on the plate on the table.", "a dessert half eaten sitting on a plate beside someones hand", "A cake on a plate on top of a table", "A glazed piece of cake is on a white plate.", "A donut with white and pink frosting on top."]
["Two girls eating donuts in a house. ", "Two young girls eating doughnuts together at a home. ", "two girls sitting inside a house while eating donuts", "A girl holding a bitten doughnut with icing and sprinkles.", "Two little girls with pastries in a room"]
["A woman hitting a volleyball on a beach court.", "The woman in the swimsuit is reaching for the volleyball. ", "A woman in a bikini hitting a volleyball", "a woman in a bikini hitting a volleyball", "The woman is jumping and hitting a volleyball."]
["The two women eat donuts next to the cartoon character image.", "Two women taking a picture with a cartoon character.", "Two females eat hot dogs in front of this cartoon character.", "Two women eating donuts standing next to a statue of Office Wiggum from the Simpsons.", "Two women pose with donuts next to a large cutout of a cartoon character."]
["A while plate holds a large sandwich and pickle.", "a sandwich and a fork on a plate.", "A sandwich with greens on it and a pickle on the side.", "A vegetarian sandwich on a plate with someone about to eat it.", "There is a sandwich on chibata bread on a white plate."]
["A grilled sandwich including vegetables is arranged on a long plate.", "TWO CHEESE SANDWICHES ARE KEPT ON DIFFERENT PLATES.", "Two halves of a panini sit side-by-side on a plate.", "There are two grilled sandwiches on a white plate.", "A grilled sandwich with avocado sits next to a can of coke."]
["People kite boarding in the ocean next to a lush green cliff.", "Sail surfing scene from grassy area under grey skies.", "Several people are kite-surfing just off the coast.", "Kite surfers on the ocean near the shore", "A kite that is flying in the air."]
["A sausage and some vegetables are on a tray.", "A sausage on a piece of bread next to different kinds of vegetables.\n", "A sausage sandwhich on a white plate with vegetables.", "A sausage sits on a takeout plate with spicy carrots.", "A sausage on a bun with the trimmings on the same plate."]
["A man is eating while talking to a woman.", "A man eating a cookie next to a woman.", "The man is eating the snack in front of the girl.", "A man eats a piece of food with a woman watching him.", "A man eating something while a woman speaks to him."]
["A man surfs outside in the rushing rapids.", "A woman surfs down the river on a surfboard.", "a person surfing in a creek with trees in the background", "A person trying to surf in a strange wave pool.", "A person wakeboarding in a small body of water."]
["The display case has two levels of various pastries in it.", "A display case filled with all sorts of flavored donuts.", "A couple of displays with many different doughnuts.", "A variety of doughnuts sit for display on two shelves.", "A donut display is set up for the patrons."]
["a little boy is on the beach sitting on a board", "The little boy is sitting on the surfboard on the beach by the water.", "A little kid sitting on top of a surfboard on a beach.", "A very cute small kid sitting on a surf board.", "a toddler sitting at the end of a surfboard on the beach "]
["A baby sitting on top of a surf board on the beach. ", "A young child sitting on a surfboard at a beach.", "a baby sitting on a surfboard on a beach", "A little boy sitting on top of a surfboard.", "A little baby at the beach is sitting on a surfboard."]
["a cookie made into a bear with a bib on ", "A cake shaped as a teddy bear with a baby bib.", "a bear that is made into a cake", "A birthday cake is shaped like a teddy bear.", "A brown teddy bear with a blud bib on that says baby."]
["The two blurry surfers are walking on the beach", "Two people walking in the ocean with their surfboards. ", "Artistic photograph of two surfers walking from the ocean with their boards ", "The people are on the beach getting ready to surf.", "Two people walking in the water carrying their surfboards."]
["A sandwich sitting with other food on a plate.", "A plate that has prepared food on it.", "The sandwich on the plate is cut in half near bread with jelly on it. ", "a plate that has some food on top of it", "A sliced grilled sandwich on a white plate on a wooden table."]
["A finger that is pointing at bread on a plate.", "A person's finger pushing on a grilled cheese sandwich on a plate.", "Someone is pointing at part of a sandwich on a plate.", "A white plate topped with a sandwich and a salad.", "A person pointing to a section of their food."]
["Foreign candy in great display, all of color", "a pile of comics and designs are up for sale", "Many boxes of food stacked on top of each other.", "This is a display of different colorful products", "a bunch of books are on display together"]
["A surfboard is recycled into a unique planter.", "A surfboard has been incorporated into the landscaping.", "A piece of a surfboard on top of rocks in a lush green yard.", "a surf  board on top of a tree stump", "A surfboard on a stump in weeds in a backyard."]
["A scene with different things in the room. \n", "A picture of a table with bread and eggs on it.", "A piece of bread on a plate sitting next to eggs.", "A table with a cake on a plate next to salt and pepper shakers.", "Loaf of bread and eggs on a kitchen table."]
["A girl sitting at a desk eating something in a bowl.", "A woman is eating a bowl of soup beside a computer.", "a woman eating out of a small bowl next to a computer ", "A woman eating at a desk with a monitor, keyboard and a cell phone. ", "A woman is happy as she checks out her little bowl of food. "]
["A man standing in front of the ocean with his surf board.", "A surfer is examining his surfboard while standing on the beach.", "A person in a wetsuit is standing on a beach holding a surfboard next to a body of water", "Man holding a surfboard by the beach in his hands. ", "A man standing on the shore with a surf board."]
["Man standing in front of the ocean in a wet suit with a surf board.", "A man is standing on the beach with a surfboard.", "A young man holding a surfboard on a beach next to the ocean.", "A man on a beach holding a surfboard.", "A man on a beach holding a surfboard. "]
["A couple of people on kayak boats in the middle of the ocean.", "A photo overlooking a body of water with people in kayaks.", "there are many canoes that are in the water", "kiaks in water with buildings in the background", "Several kayaks moving across smooth waters with buildings in the background"]
["Two people paddling a boat across a body of water.", "There is a lot of debris floating in the water", "an image of people in the water on paddles and boats", "Some water with something in it, and a crane in the background", "Lots of people in the water and 2 people in a kayak."]
["People are sitting and eating various foods in front of a blue building.", "Four people aitting down and having a small snack break.", "A group of people sitting around each other eating.", "A group of people sitting by blue building eating food.", "Four people sit around eating food outside together. "]
["a girl is on a surfboard at the beach", "A young girl holding a large surf board in the ocean", "A child and a surfboard in a body of water.", "A child on a white surfboard in an ocean with a crowd of people in the background. ", "A little girl sitting on a surf board preparing to surf."]
["A man cutting a very large pizza with fruit.", "a person leaning over a table cutting food on it", "A man making a piece of art out of an arrangement of fruit.", "Man holding knife to a large fruit dessert.", "A very large picture pizza being sliced and served for people. "]
["A blue counter in a very small room.", "A small sleeping space in a small room.", "An x-ray machine in a hospital next to a bed.", "efficiency space possibly inside of a commuter train", "A blue shelf has a pile of white things under it."]
["A plate with a chocolate dessert sits on a table.", "A cake is drenched with icing and topped with flakes of chocolate.", "A pudding cake with chocolate pieces on top.", "A caramelized cake is shown ready to be eaten.", "A black plate with an uncut cake and a server."]
["A beautiful bride cutting a wedding cake with her husband.", "a bride and groom are cutting their wedding cake", "A bride and groom taking the first cut of their wedding cake.", "A bride and groom are cutting a wedding cake.", "A bride and groom cutting a cake together."]
["Several stuffed animals arranged in a wiggly line on a bed", "Stuffed animals are lined up on a bed with striped sheets.", "A bed with different color stuff toys inthe bed", "A group of stuffed animals are lined up on a bed.", "There are many stuffed animals arranged on the bed"]
["A man sleeping in clothing on a bed.", "A young man is laying across a large bed.", "A man resting in a bed with pillows.", "a man sleeping on a bed  wearing his glasses", "A person laying on a bed with white sheets. "]
["White towels are placed on twin beds with red bedspreads.", "Two beds in a small room with building showing in the window.", "a bedroom with two little beds covered in red bedspreads ", "twin beds with matching red bedspreads sit in front of a window ", "Two small beds are next to each other in front of a window."]
["A man is on a surfboard and is pulling something in the water.", "a man with a hat riding on a surf board in the water", "The man is making some waves while paddle boarding. ", "Man on surfboard in ocean surfing with sunbeams", "A person standing on a board in the water"]
["a woman sitting in a car while holding onto a cake in a plastic container ", "A woman sitting in a car with a cake on her lap.", "A woman carrying a cake and smiling at it.", "A woman with glasses holding a cake in her lap.", "A lady sitting in a car with a cake on her lap."]
["A sparse hospital room with an open window.", "A hospital room that has the window open.", "this is a room with a tile floor", "An empty hospital room is seen in this image.", "An all white room in an institution with a hospital bed."]
["There are clothes all over a desk and a bed.", "A bedroom with clothes scattered everywhere and an unmade bed", "Fairly Untidy room of a college/university student ", "A messy room with a laptop on a bed.", "There is a messy bedroom with a bed, desk and chair."]
["A man in white shirt laying in a hospital bed next to a television.", "a person laying in a bed with a tv", "A lady lying down on a hospital bed of some sort.", "A man in a hospital bed with a monitor on a stand nearby.", "There is a woman in the hospital with headphones on"]
["A man's legs are laying on a bed as he watches a game called \"Avengers\" on the screen.", "View of a mans legs with tattoos on a bed in front of a television.", "A man lays on his bed watching the Avengers on TV.", "A man with leg tattoes lying on a bed", "The person is sitting on the bed watching television."]
["A sad, young girl sits on her bed, moping. ", "the lady is sitting in front of the computer", "A woman sitting on a bed watching a lap top.", "A young woman in a black shirt sitting down.", "A woman sitting on a bed looking at a computer screen."]
["Two boys carrying a surfboard on the beach.", "two young boys walking around with a surfboard.", "Two boys are carrying a surf board between them.", "Two young boys carrying red and white surfboard.", "Two children carrying a surf board together across a grassy area."]
["a little boy in shallow water on a surf board", "A boy is surfing while a man cheers him on.", "A young boy who is surfing on a surfboard.", "This is a man teaching a smaller child to surf.", "A man is behind a young boy trying to ride a surfboard."]
["A person that is riding a wave on a surf board.", "A young boy is body surfing in the ocean.", "A boy smiles for the camera as he rides a boogie board.", "A young boy riding a surfboard on a wave.", "a young person riding a surf board in a body of water"]
["A group of people sitting around a table with a cake on it.", "A man celebrates a birthday with friends and cake.", "A large group of people at a table.", "A group of people who are sitting around a table.", "Many people at a table surround a cake. "]
["A laptop sitting on a desk in use", "A laptop computer that is on and has a built in touch mouse pad", "A laptop computer with another laptop computer being used in the background.", "A silver and black lap top and another in the background", "a closeup of a laptop on someones lap"]
["Two books are stacked on a small counter. ", "Two books - \"SVG Essentials\" and \"Programming Ruby\" - stacked together.", "two books sitting in a pile on top of a table ", "A pair of college books sitting on a table next to a bed.", "a pillow a bed a table and two books"]
["man in wet suit rolled down to waist lying in sand by water's edge", "A man is laying on a beach in the sand near the water. ", "The man is laying out in the sand at the beach", "A man laying on a sandy beach near the ocean.", "A person laying down on a sandy beach."]
["A grand bed is adorned with a net canopy and surrounded by large estate furniture.", "a bed room with a large wooden bed and wooden furniture", "a bedroom with a neatly made bed and a canopee", "Ornate wooden bed with netting tied to the bedposts.", "A bed made of wood in a room with lots of wood furniture."]
["An unmade bed and a turned on lamp.", "A bed with a quilt on it that is slightly rumpled.", "A quilt is on a bed with two pillows.", "A bed has a quilt on it and is messed up.", "The edge of a bed is messed up while the rest remains intact."]
["The bed has a nightstand next to it with a lamp on it. ", "A messy bed in a dark hotel room.", "A queen-sized bed lays with one corner of the quilt turned up.", "The bed is messily made wiith a quilt.", "A bed in a room with pillows and a blanket on it"]
["a quilted bedspread lies on a bed with pillows", "A bedroom with a bed, quilt and to pillows.", "A bed that has two pillows and a quilt on it.", "A bed is shown with two pillow cases and a wuilt.", "A quilt on a bed with two pillows"]
["A large man is sleeping in his bed.", "A man laying in the bed under a blanket. ", "A man seems to be trying to get some sleep. ", "A man taking a nap on a bed in a bedroom.", "A man sleeping in a bed, in a bedroom."]
["A man paddling a kayak down a river.", "A young man with helmet trying to navigate through water with a paddle  ", "A boy wearing a helmet while kayaking through the water", "A ma in red and blue jacket kayaking on river.", "A man is kayaking the rapids of a river.  "]
["A man is slicing a large white cake", "A guy with a puppet on his hand trying to cut a cake.", "The man wearing  the animal puppet makes it cut the boy's birthday cake.", "Man with a puppet on his hand cutting a cake.", "People are watching a man cut a wedding cake with a puppet."]
["A room with two beds and a nightstand.", "Two beds sitting on either sides of a lamp.", "There are two beds next to each other in the room.", "A bedroom area with two beds and a nightstand.", "Two beds with a nightstand in between them.  "]
["A pizza sitting on top of a white plate covered in cheese and sauce.", "A view of a tasty pizza with many great toppings. ", "A whole pizza is sitting on the plate on the table.", "There is pizza on the plate on the table", "a cheesy pizza topped with spinach and bacon"]
["A girl laying in a hospital bed, a bandage on her arm.", "a close up of a young person in a bed", "A little girl laying in bed while yawning.", "young girl wearing a lime green outfit laying on a hospital bed", "A child laying down on a bed in a room."]
["A woman sitting on a hospital bed is smiling for a photograph.", "a woman sitting on a hospital bed ", "A woman sitting on a hospital bed next to medical equipment.", "A picture of an old lady sitting on her hospital bed. ", "A WOMAN IS IN THE HOSPITAL BED SMILING "]
["A soccer player trying to score a goal.", "A soccer player is running while the ball is in the air.", "A soccer player jumping to hit a soccer ball.", "a group of people playing soccer on a field", "Soccer player wearing green and orange hitting soccer ball. "]
["A doctor is standing over a hospital bed holding a woman's hand.", "A doctor holding the hand of a patient in a bed.", "A doctor tending to a patient laying in a bed.", "A man dressed in a white Dr. coat holding a woman's hand.", "a doctor and a patient in the hospital"]
["A woman is entering a green lit room via wheelchair while talking to another lady.", "The woman at the door in a wheelchair is speaking to the woman in the room.  ", "A woman watches as another woman in a wheel chair enters the room.", "THERE ARE TWO PEOPLE LOOKING AT EACH OTHER ", "A woman in a wheelchair is coming into a hospital room to see a woman."]
["Someone with a cast on their foot and leg.", "A person lying in a hospital bed with a fresh cast applied to a broken leg. ", "A person with a injured right leg sitting in a hospital bed.", "A persons feet in casts resting on a bed.", "An injured foot in a cast looks swollen compared to an uninjured foot. "]
["Two storm troopers sitting at a wooden table in front of a pizza.", "Two toys are sitting with a toy cup and real pizza.", "Stormtrooper action figures posed in front of pizza. ", "Star wars figurines have been set up to look like they are eating pizza", "A humorous scene of two storm troopers one with a normal pizza and one wit a large one."]
["A black cat is curled up and sleeping.", "A black cat sleeping on a gray and white fabric.", "A black cat sleeping on a white bedspread.", "a black cat sleeping on top of a bed peacefully.", "A black cat asleep on a the top of a bed."]
["A living area with a red chair and ottoman, table and television.", "A model of a living room with furniture and a TV.", "a red lounge chair and a cabinet with blue vases on top", "Fuzzy chair and foot stool positioned in front of table", "A living room containing a red chair with a matching foot rest near a cabinet with several green vase. "]
["A white couch with a mattress sitting before a blue wall.", "A blue and white-colored living room for dolls", "A neutral colored table and couch next to a bright blue wall.", "THERE IS AL IVING ROOM WITH A CHAIR AND TABLE ", "A living room decorated in various shades of white."]
["a pizza with lots of ingredients on a table in a room lit by dark lighting", "A delicious looking pizza sitting on the table", "A pizza that is on a serving platter on a table. ", "A pizza with various meats on a pan on a table.", "A pizza sitting on a pan next to a plate and silverware."]
["Four surfers on a beach with their surfboards.", "A group of young women learning to surf.", "Some girls practice with their surf boards on the beach. ", "Three woman and a man on the beach with surfboards", "three women surfers are practicing with their boards on the sand"]
["A couple of men standing next to each other near surfboards.", "Boys on the beach with surf boards on the sand.", "Boys and their surfboards on the beach learning to surf", "a man standing on a surf board at the beach", "A group of men on a beach standing by several surfboards."]
["A group of people with surfboards on a beach.", "there are a lot of guys standing around with surf boards", "A group of people standing on a beach with surfboards.", "Group of men on beach with surfboards and one sitting on side of surfboard", "A group of marine sportsmen prepare to hit the ocean"]
["there is a small white pizza that is on a small plate", "a thin crust pizza sitting on a plate ", "A partially eaten white pizza with very sparse toppings. ", "Part of a thin pizza is sitting on a table.", "A couple slices of a very small pizza, with a fork near it."]
["A metal plate holding a pizza with cheese and vegetables.", "a delicious pizza with several toppings is on the table", "Large pizza with multiple toppings on top of a silver serving dish. ", "That would be a beautiful pizza if some idiot didn't badly burn the crust.", "A large pizza with meat and vegetables on a table."]
["a bed a lamp a cabinet and some curtains", "a bed sitting in the middle of two desks", "A bed in a room with shoes piled in the corner.", "A bedroom has a black bed and drawer.", "A bedroom with funishings, sparse accessories and sparse decorum."]
["Are there holes punched in the wall of the room?", "A bedroom with a lamp, bed, and dresser.", "A bed with striped comforter in a room", "A bed with large striped bedclothes is in a room.", "Small bed with a wooden frame in a small designed room with yellow painted walls."]
["A bedroom with clothes racks, a bed and windows.", "A bed with sheets and pillow next to the window with brown curtains.", "A plain bedroom is decorated in yellow and brown.", "A bed and dresser sitting in a room by a window.", "The bed in the room has been made already. "]
["A tomato, onion and basil pizza in it's raw state.", "Gourmet pesto, mozzarella cheese and tomato pizza ready for the oven", "A picture of a Pizza Hut that is not cooked yet.", "An uncooked pizza with mozzarella cheese and tomatoes.", "a pizza with big slices of tomatoes and white cheese"]
["A wooden chair sitting in front of a window.", "a brown wooden chair sitting next to a plant and a window ", "AN OLD CANE CHAIR SITTING IN FRONT OF A WINDOW", "A chair sitting next to a window and  a dry plant.", "a brown wooden chair a window and some brown plants"]
["The man looks eagerly at a huge pizza in front of him. ", "A man looks down at a giant pizza.", "A very large pizza sitting in front of a man.", "a man looking at a large pizza covered with veggies ", "This pizza is a feast with mushrooms, black olives, pepperoni, and cheese"]
["Three plates of various food sit on a table", "three plates of food on a red tablecloth", "Two dishes of food and a basket of chips.", "A table topped with two plates and one bowl of food.", "A bunch of plates that are sitting on a table."]
["A man with glasses sits on a gray chair in front of a black laptop.", "A man sitting on top of a chair holding up a cell phone.", "A man that is sitting down in front of a computer.", "Man sitting in the green chair is looking at the open lap top on a white table", "A man sitting in a chair using a laptop computer."]
["A crew of mechanics tune up an engine with a laptop pc and on oscilloscope.", "A group of young men standing around a laptop computer.", "this is a group of men working on a laptop ", "Several men in a workshop looking at something.", "some people standing and sitting around part of a building "]
["A person with a spatula is taking a piece of pizza from the tray.", "A hand is near a pizza that sits on a silver platter.", "a close up of a pizza on a pan on a table ", "A person hand holds a pizza slicer near a plate of pizza. ", "A man takes a slice of pizza from its plate."]
["Sparse office with antique computer and dial telephone", "an office with a long counter and many shelves", "A small yellow office with a tiny computer.", "An empty desk and chair with older office equipment.", "A computer sits on a desk in an office. "]
["A couple of women standing on a tennis court holding racquets.", "Two women running during a tennis match. ", "Two female tennis players on a tennis court with rackets and a ball playing", "A woman swinging at a tennis ball with a racquet.", "Two women playing tennis on a clay court."]
["The woman playing on the clay court has hit a tennis ball. ", "A woman that is on a court with a racquet.", "A tennis player hitting a ball on a court.", "A tennis player runs to take a swing at the ball.", "A woman swinging a tennis racquet on a clay court."]
["A woman tennis player serving the ball in a clay court tennis match.", "A woman with a racket in her hand during a tennis match. ", "A young woman playing tennis on a red clay tennis court.", "A woman in white jacket and black shirt playing tennis.", "The female tennis player is about to hit the ball."]
["Professional tennis players in a match beginning a point.", "two tennis players on a court playing tennis ", "A professional women's tennis match on a clay court.", "A couple of people standing on a tennis court with racquets.", "Two people playing tennis on a tennis court while people watch. "]
["A man swinging a tennis racquet at a tennis court.", "A tennis player hits the ball on the court.  ", "The woman is jumping in the air to serve a tennis ball. ", "A tennis player lunges to make the play on a clay court.", "A person standing on a tennis court with people watching."]
["A man standing on a  tennis court holding a racquet.", "A male tennis player walks across a tennis court while stretching.", "The man has a tennis racket in his hand.", "a tennis player is out on the court with a racket", "Angry tennis player performing on a clay court."]
["A black cat sitting on top of a desk.", "A black cat sitting on a dining table.", "A black cat sits perched on top of a laptop.", "A large plate cat sitting on a little laptop", "A black cat sits on a small pink laptop next to a DVD."]
["A large black cat laying on top of a pink laptop.", "The black cat is lying on the keyboard of the computer.", "A black cat curls up on an open laptop computer.", "A cat sitting on a laptop with the caption \"your not getting it back\"", "A cat is playing on a small computer."]
["A group of young women getting food from a table.", "A line of young girls at a buffet table", "Children in line selecting pizza from different pans.", "A group of kids eating pizza for lunch.", "A group of teenagers line up for food."]
["A woman in yellow is hitting a tennis ball on a clay court. ", "A woman on a clay tennis court returning a hit", "A tennis player prepares to return the ball", "A woman playing tennis in a yellow dress.", "A beautiful young lady swinging a tennis racquet."]
["a closeup of a slice of pizza covered with various ingredients", "a slice of pepperoni pizza sitting on a white plate ", "a piece of pizza sits on a plate on a table top ", "A piece of pizza sat on a plate with a cup of soda near by.", "Slice of pizza on plate sits on table with beverage."]
["A wooden desk filled with a laptop and computer monitor.", "A dismal desk area features a black chair and a brown desk with a monitor, a laptop and a printer on it.", "An office is filled with a desk, computer, printer, laptop, and chair.", "two computer sitting on a desk next to a printer ", "Desk with computer and laptop in the corner of a room."]
["A single slice of cheese pizza is on a plate.", "A piece of cheese pizza that is sitting on a white plate.", "A slice of pizza is on a plate on a table.", "Cheese slice of pizza by itself on plate.", "A single piece of pizza is seen on a plate."]
["Two adults preparing to cook several prepackaged pizzas. ", "A couple in a kitchen making pizzas together. ", "The couple are preparing a meal together. ", "Two ladies in a kitchen with some pizzas.", "A woman standing in a  kitchen next to lots of food."]
["A man walks with his head and racket down as he crosses a tennis court.", "A tennis player walks onto the tennis court. ", "an older tennis player on a court with a racket", "A tennis player is walking on the tennis court.", "The man in red shirt and white shorts stand holding racquet on the tennis court."]
["A white plate topped with two slices of pizza.", "a plated with pizza a knife and a fork and a yard stick laying beside it", "The pizza is on the plate ready to be eaten.", "A decorate plate with two slices of pizza, a knife and a fork on it.", "A couple of pizza slices with olives and cheese by a ruler."]
["A man holding a tennis racquet no a tennis court.", "A tennis player throwing the ball up in preparation for a serve.", "an athlete in a tennis court ready to hit the tennis ball", "A man playing tennis on a tennis court during the day.", "The man is playing tennis on the court. "]
["The picture of a tennis player playing in a game.", "A tennis player readies himself to hit the ball.", "A man playing tennis in front of a crowd of spectators.", "A man running and swinging a racquet in front of him.", "A man on a tennis court with spectators in the background."]
["A man is taking a bite from a piece of pizza", "Adult woman eating slice of pizza while standing next to building.", "A woman biting a slice of pizza outside. ", "Woman standing in doorway eating a slice of pizza", "A man is eating a slice of pizza while holding a napkin."]
["Many controllers set on top of a table. ", "A group of remotes are gathered on the table.", "a big group of t.v. remotes on a table", "A group of remote controllers and a hand held game on a desk.", "A pile of remote controls on top of a table."]
["A boy in a bath tub with a toy in his mouth.", "a child is sitting in the tub with some toys", "A small blonde boy in a bath tub with a blue object in his mouth. ", "A kid with a toothbrush in the water.", "A baby is sitting in a bath with a toothbrush it its mouth."]
["A young boy brushing his teeth in the bathroom", "A young boy brushes his teeth with a tooth brush", "A boy uses an electric toothbrush to brush his teeth.", "A little kid is brushing his teeth with an automatic tooth brush.", "a little boy brushing his teeth in the bathroom "]
["Five pure brand toothbrushes in a closed package", "A package of five different colored toothbrushes hanging from a rack.", "A group of multi colored toothbrushes in a packet.", "There are five different colored toothbrushes in the package.", "A pack of five Pure tooth brushes in various colors."]
["A woman sitting on a brown sofa by pictures", "Smiling girl sitting on a couch with lamps and artwork around her", "A woman sitting on the couch with her legs crossed.", "A woman sitting on a couch smiling for the camera.", "A woman sits on a couch and smiles."]
["a close up of a person brushing his teeth ", "A man that is standing in front of a mirror with a toothbrush.", "A man looking into a mirror brushing his teeth", "a man and two reflections of himself as he brushes his teeth wearing sunglasses with one lens missing", "A man brushing his teeth in front of a bathroom mirror."]
["A woman playing a video game, with a man watching.", "A woman sitting on the floor with a Wii controller held up to her nose. ", "A woman sitting on a wooden floor holding a Wii game controller.", "A woman holding a wii remote in her hands and touching her face with it.", "A lady plays a video game while a man watches. "]
["A blond woman hold a red Wii controller. ", "A woman holding a red object and smiling.", "A woman in striped shirt playing a game with Nintendo Wii controllers.", "A woman is smiling while hunched over in a room.", "A smiling blonde woman poses playfully with a red object next to her ear, as she would hold a telephone."]
["Three people brushing their teeth in front of the camera.", "A GROUP OF PEOPLE ARE BRUSHING THRE TEETH", "Two adults and a child brushing their teeth.", "A family with a toddler in the middle shows off their tooth brushing skills.", "Man, woman, and child brushing their teeth with different brushes. "]
["A man standing in the snow outside a small wooden cabin putting a spoon in his mouth", "A man eating something in the snow outside a cabin", "A man snacks in the snow while a skiier pauses in front of a small cabin.", "A man is on snow skiis next to a small cabin. ", "A colored youth eating something cold outside a cabin."]
["A boy in a white shirt and jeans standing in front of people.", "A young boy is holding a game controller in front of a seated group of people.", "a teen boy standing in front of a crowd holding a remote ", "A boy standing up in front of a room full of people.", "A child holds a cylindrical object in front of other seated people in a large room."]
["Bearded man brushing his teeth in a bathroom.", "A man is in the process of brushing his teeth.", "there is a man that is brushing his teeth ", "A man with long brown hair and beard who is brushing his teeth.", "A man brushing his teeth with his tooth brush "]
["a person holding a nintendo wii remote with a white background", "Two pictures of a WII wand cover, empty and in use", "An ad showcasing a rubber grip and wrist handle for a wii remote", "A hand is holding a Wii remote. ", "A hand is holding a remote control with a wristband."]
["A fire place sitting in a living room next to a TV.", "Group of family pictures hung over a fireplace. ", "Pictures decorate the wall above a small fireplace.", "A bunch of picture hung in a living room on blue wall.", "Pictures hanging on a blue wall above a fireplace and mantle."]
["A couch that is sitting near a window.", "A leather couch sits in a small living room.", "A couch and chair are sitting in a room.", "this living room has painted trees and a leather couch", "a living room with couches a desk and chairs"]
["Two chairs and a couch sit in a room with a table. ", "A living room with several chairs and trees painted on the wall.", "A living room has chairs and a coffee table.", "A living room with a couch, coffee table and two chairs.", "A living room with television, couch, and two chairs."]
["The living room has pictures of trees on the wall", "Bare tree wall decals in an apartment living room", "a leather sofa matching chair coffee table and an odd chair", "a nicely decorated living room area with wood flooring ", "A living room filled with furniture and trees painted on a wall."]
["The wooden kitchen has a small child's plastic table in it.", "A kitchen with wood flooring that looks into an office area. ", "A kitchen viewed from one side with a sitting room in the background. ", "A very big long pretty looking kitchen with wood floors.", "A room with wooden floors and white walls"]
["A young man holding a white guitar hero guitar while standing in front of a TV.", "A boy playing a guitar next to a potted plant and a monitor", "A child uses a pretend guitar to play a video game.", "A kid with a video game guitar and a large TV on the wall behind him with a video game on it.", "A boy holds the guitar controller from Guitar Hero."]
["Two guys sitting on couches in a living room", "A couple of men sitting on a chair and couch relaxing.", "two men sitting and relaxing on a sofa and chair in the dining room", "there are two men sitting in a living room talking", "Two men sitting across from one another with a table in between."]
["A beautiful woman sitting in front of a piano in a living room.", "a woman sits on a chair in front of a piano ", "A woman sitting in a room with a couch, piano, a rug and a table.", "A woman in a slip sitting at a piano in a room. ", "a smiling woman sitting on a chair next to a piano"]
["Living room scene of tan couches and other earth tone furniture.", "The living room in a modern house with two story windows", "A living room filled with furniture and four large windows.", "a living room with a lamp that is on", "A living room with a tall ceiling and a fireplace. "]
["A man and a woman standing next to each other holding Nintendo Wii Controllers.", "two people standing in a living room playing nintendo wii", "Man and woman stand in a living room holding Wii controllers. ", "Three people gathered in the living room playing a video game.", "A group of people in a living room playing video games"]
["A man and a woman watch as a young man plays video games.", "A man and woman watching a man play a video game.", "people playing the nintendo wii at the office", "A group of people play with a WII video game.", "People are in a room playing an electronic game"]
["An orange living room filled with a red couch and a brown chair.", "a picture of a living room and the objects in the living room", "There is a small TV between two chirs", "A bright orange living room is arranged with some chairs and an entertainment cabinet.", "An orange colored living room with two chairs and a small television."]
["A desktop computer sitting on top of a desk.", "A desktop computer with a program open on its desktop.", "A wooden desk that has a Apple desktop computer on it and a cellular phone on a mouse pad.", "A computer on a desk with a keyboard and mouse next to a window.", "A computer monitor that is near a window."]
["A laptop computer on a desk with a wireless keyboard and mouse.", "A laptop computer is on a shiny glass desk.", "A desktop that has only a computer and keyboard on it.", "a desk with a laptop a keyboard and mouse", "A desk with a keyboard, mouse and a laptop."]
["A desk with a white laptop and black computer keyboard.", "A computer desk is set up with a laptop and speakers. ", "Electronic computer equipment displayed on small wooden surface.", "A lap top computer only needs a small area to work in.", "A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk."]
["A person is sitting at a computer desk with a cell phone.", "A man with glass is sitting over a laptop computer.", "A person in front of a laptop with elbows on the desk.", "A man at a computer desk looking at the camera. ", "a male with glasses a cellphone and a laptop"]
["a sheet of stickers for a keyboard with Hebrew letters", "The keyboard features all the most popular keys.", "An unusual black and green computer keyboard besdie some books.", "the keyboard is black with green keys and on a table ", "There is a sheet of stickers that go on a keyboard."]
["A man on a laptop while sitting on a couch.", "A man works on his laptop on a couch filled with baby blankets. ", "A thin young man sits on a couch using a laptop.", "A man on a laptop sitting on a sofa.", "A person setting on couch working on a laptop computer."]
["A living room with a couch in front of a TV.", "A small living room with shelving by the window, a small sofa and coffee table and a television", "A living area with a couch, coffee table and a television.", "A homey comfortable room with sun streaming through a window.", "A living room with a sunny window, couch and a tv."]
["An Asian man with back pack holds an ice-cream ", "A man holding an object in his hand.", "A man is holding something green and focusing intently", "Man holding edible object in hand on walkway near stairs.", "A man holding something up in the air by a rail."]
["A woman walking around a living room next to a TV.", "a lady walking out of  her family room", "Woman in a living room with large screen TV and cloth-draped furniture.", "A woman standing in the living room with a coach and t.v.", "A woman in black shirt in living room with sofa and coffee table."]
["A very pretty young lady doing some shopping.", "I am unable to see an image above.", "Young lady in a store of purses and shoes.", "A woman holding a phone next to shelves of shoes", "A young woman in a blue tank top browses in  a shoe store."]
["Living room with white fireplace and brown furniture. ", "A couch and a table in a small room.", "A living area with a fireplace, coffee table and sofa.", "a nice living room decorated with superb furniture \n", "Purple couch in a living room with a coffee table."]
["A large clock tower on top of a church.", "A cathedral with clocks set in four directions in the clock tower.", "A very large church with a tall clock tower on top.", "A budding with a larger clock tower reaching into the sky.", "A large, ornate church with clocks on the pillar."]
["Four giant kites flying over a lush green field.", "Four large balloons flying in the sky .", "Animal and penguin shaped kites flying over a field", "several large kites flying in the air over a park", "Four parade balloons flying over a grass area."]
["a man in the park is flying a pink and black kite", "A man is flying a kite on the green grass.", "A man is holding onto a kite outside.", "A man in a black hoodie flying a kite in the park.", "A man fly's a kite in the grass."]
["A little girl standing in the sand with a kite.", "A young girl flying her kite on a beach.", "A young girl is flying a kite on the beach", "Small little girl flying a kite on the beach. ", "A girl flying a kite on a beach."]
["A man standing in a field flying a kite.", "A lone kite flier on the sand has a beautiful view.", "A man standing on a beach flying a kite.", "a man with an orange shirt is flying a kite", "a man standing on the beach holding onto a kite high in the sky"]
["The two young people are heading toward the water.", "A boy and a girl are on a beach.", "Two kids are making their way to the water with a sand bucket and boogie board flying in the air.", "A pretty little girl standing next to a boy on a beach.", "kids play with toys in the sun on the beach"]
["An adorable little girl standing in the middle of a park holding a tennis ball.", "A little girl getting ready to throw a ball at a busy park.", "A young girl holding a ball in her hands", "A little girl holding a ball on a large open lawn.", "A young girl is holding a ball in the field"]
["a kid holds a kite he made and smiling", "this is a woman and children with kites", "Kids are standing outside hanging kites from a stick.", "a  group of kids standing next to paper kites", "a few people that have some kits in hand"]
["A group of teddy bears hanging from a rack.", "The teddy bears are hung together in the sales display.", "Some teddy bears hanging from chains on a sale rack ", "A rack of hanging teddy bear keychain plushes in a store.", "A bunch of identical bear key chains with green clovers hand on a turn rack. "]
["A man and child flying a kite in a field.", "A man helps a little boy fly a kite.", "A man and a little boy standing in a field.", "A man flying a kite with a child.", "A small boy is holding a kite string in the park."]
["A group of people flying kites at the beach.", "people on a sandy beach flying multi-colored kites", "People flying high kites on beach with city background", "People together on a beach flying several kites.", "Several people on a beach flying their kites."]
["A person in a yellow outfit flying two alien kites.", "a person flying two kites in the shape of aliens", "A person looks up at two kites shaped like extra terrestrials.", "A person flies two kites on a windy day.", "A person flying two alien kites in the air"]
["A young child running while flying a kite.", "A young boy flying a kite in a field.", "A boy running in a field while holding a kite.", "A small boy runs through a field with a kite.", "A boy running and flying a kite in a field."]
["A person flying an elaborate shark kite outside.", "A woman standing on a field while flying a kite.", "Back of guy standing out in the field flying a shark shaped kite", "Man in jeans and red sweater flying a shark kite.", "A man in a red sweatshirt stands under a shark shaped kite."]
["A man with a ponytail is flying a kite.", "a man flying a kite that looks like a shark", "A man flying a large kite in a park ", "The man is flying his kite by himself outside.", "A man wearing a bandana is flying a kite."]
["A person flying a kite next to a lake and trees", "A person walking with a kite in the air.", "A person flying a kite in a field near water.", "A man walking through a field while flying a kite.", "A person standing in the sand with a bird flying in the air"]
["A crowd of people flying kites on a lush green field.", "a group of people flying kites in a  field", "There are some people gathered for a kite festival", "an image of group of people playing with kites", "many people in a large field holding kites"]
["Two people standing in the sand together flying a kite on the beach. ", "Two women are on the beach flying a kite. ", "Flying a kite on a wide beach with few people.", "Some people are standing on the beach flying kites.", "Two people are standing on the beach flying a kite."]
["A girl is flying a kite high in a blue sky.", "A young girl flies a kite in a blue sky.", "A young girl flying a kite in a blue sky.", "A woman looking up at the kite that she is flying.", "Young girl flying kite on bright sunny day."]
["A young woman is flying a kite at the beach.", "A person is flying a kite on a beach", "A young girl is flying a kite on a beach.", "A woman standing on a beach flying a kite.", "A kite flyer stand on a beach with a mountain of trees behind her. "]
["People flying kites, one of the kites is an American flag.", "A group of people standing on a field flying giant kites.", "Three kites flying in the air on a beautiful, sunny day.", "A park with kites flying in the air ", "A kite flying over a large flying united states flag."]
["A group of people walking around a lush green field.", "some people in a big park flying kites", "A large orange dragon kite being flown in a large park.", "Several people flying kites in a field in a park.", "a kite in the shape of a lizard flying above a park"]
["A large yellow lizard kite flying over a field.", "Many people are flying kites in a park.", "People in a field flying different styles of kites.", "a big inflated kite that looks like a colorful lizard ", "many people flying air filled kites and some paper kite"]
["A baseball player holding a bat next to home plate.", "A person holding their hand up at a baseball game.", "An image of a baseball player getting ready to take a swing at the ball.", "There is a baseball player at bat and many people in the stands", "a baseball coming toward a hitter,at great speed, at a baseball game."]
["A man that is carrying a baseball bat.", "A person with a blue jacket and hat is holding a bat.", "A man is holdinga baseball bat by a chain fence.", "a man is holding a baseball bat in front of fence", "A man in a leather jacket and knit hat resting a baseball over his shoulder"]
["A pitcher pitching a baseball during a game.", "a picture of a person waiting to hit a ball at a game", "There is a baseball game happening inside a stadium", "A major league hitter prepares to take a swing as the umpire looks on.", "The view of a baseball game from behind home plate."]
["An older man standing next to a garage and a young boy.", "The young child is taking a swing at a ball thrown by an elderly man.", "A man is playing wiffle ball with a small boy.", "A man playing baseball with a kid in the driveway. ", "A boy is playing baseball with his grandpa on the driveway."]
["A little boy is hitting a tee ball from a tee ball stand.", "A little boy is playing ball in a yard.", "A child hitting a ball with a baseball bat from a tee.", "A little boy is outside with a garden tool by the garden.", "A child with a bat hits a ball off a tee."]
["A young boy hitting a ball in a yard with a bat.", "a young child swinging a baseball bat ", "The young boy is swinging the bat outside.", "Child swinging a bat outside on the playground.", "A kid in a park with a bat."]
["A few little kids playing a game of baseball.", "a boy tosses a ball for another to hit with a bat", "A couple of young boys playing  game of baseball.", "Two children play baseball in the back yard ", "two young kids playing baseball in the backyard "]
["a little boy that is hitting a baseball ball", "This small child is hitting a tee ball", "The child in the black helmet is swinging at a tee ball stand.", "A boy playing t-ball wearing a helmet outside", "A small child hits the ball off of the tee"]
["A pizza sitting on top of a metal pan on a stove.", "The deep dish pizza has red peppers, red onions, herbs and cheese.", "A pizza veggie pizza with onions, peppers, greens and cheese.", "A closeup view of a deep dish pizza.", "A tray with a pizza with several toppings on it"]
["There is a tennis player about to hit a ball", "Boy reaching up above his head to reach a tennis ball with his racket. ", "A man reaching high to hit a tennis ball with a racket", "Young man playing tennis reaching upward to hit ball.", "A boy serves a tennis ball on the court."]
["a couple of kids that are eating at a table", "Some very cute small boys at a table with food.", "Two kids smiling while eating a meal at a restaurant.", "Two little boys at a table with one eating ", "Two boys eating a meal at a restaurant."]
["Some onion and mushroom pizza baking in oven.", "Inside of an oven a pizza is being cooked", "A small homemade pizza baking on a grill.", "A delicious looking pizza with numerous toppings baking in the oven", "A pizza being cooked on a rack in a oven."]
["A pizza with bacon and chives on it on a plate.", "A pizza with green onions and bacon topping.", "A pizza sitting on top of a white plate.", "there is a small pizza that is on a white plate", "a plate with a cheese shrimp and scallion pizza"]
["Tennis player wearing white outfit slinging the ball. ", "A woman jumps to connect with a tennis ball with spectators looking on.", "A stadium area with seated watchers, bisected with blue steps leads downward to a blue wall with printed logos and a tennis court with a white-wearing woman. grasping a racquet with an upwards stretched arm that is reaching for a tennis ball.  ", "a female in a white shirt playing tennis", "A woman serving a tennis ball in a court with onlookers watching."]
["A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A tennis player is standing at the out of bounds line looking up, poised to swing at the ball.", "A man playing tennis on a tennis court.", "Tennis player preparing to hit a ball with audience in the background.", "A man in his back swing to serve a ball at a tennis match."]
["Someone who is teetering on one foot while holding a tennis racket.", "a woman holding her tennis racket up as she looks above her head", "Someone holding a tennis racket in their hand", "A woman holding a tennis racket upwards and on one foot.", "A woman holding a red tennis racket near a campground."]
["a woman holding a tennis racket by the side of a road.", "A woman swinging a tennis racket in a park", "The woman is standing near a road with a tennis racket.", "a person playing tennis near many trees ", "A woman in a defensive stance with a tennis racquet."]
["A man dressed up for a themed party. ", "there is a man holding a tennis racket", "A man posing in his underwear with a tennis racket.", "A man at a party holds a tennis racket with no netting.", "A man in short shorts standing next to a beautiful woman."]
["There is a female tennis player wearing white shorts and a white bra", "a woman tennis player waits for the next point while holding her racket ", "A woman in a white sports bra and white shorts holds a red tennis racket on a tennis court.", "A tennis player wearing shorts and a crop top on the court", "A woman is holding a tennis racket on a court."]
["A tennis player jumps and swats at the ball", "a tennis player hitting a tennis ball on a court", "Professional tennis player immediately after returning a shot", "a man with a tennis racket plays a game of tennis ", "A man playing tennis with two people watching the game"]
["A woman wearing a blue outfit while holding a tennis racquet.", "A woman plays tennis while a group of people watch", "A crowd is watching a woman in blue play tennis.", "The crowd behind the fence watches the woman playing tennis. ", "A woman wearing a teal tennis outfit and holding a tennis racket. "]
["A clock sits in the window on the side of a white house.", "Clock sitting behind a window of a white house. ", "A clock that is sitting behind a window.", "A depressed-looking clock in a window reads 6:18.", "A clock that is visible through a blue window,"]
["An architecturally mature building on the corner of an intersection.  ", "A building with a tower and a clock at the top", "A large building with a clock on the top.", "a clock on a tower on top of a building", "a cleaners store with a tower clock above it"]
["There is a large tower with a clock in the middle of it", "A tall old tower with a clock on the side.", "Tower clock made of rock set against a cloudy sky.", "a brick building with a blue clock and a tree", "This tall clock tower is inviting  tourists to explore the stone balcony and interior chamber."]
["a green box some ads and a controller", "a cell phone is sitting on top of a menu.", "PHONE SITTING ON TOP OF GROCERY ADS, AND A GREEN STRIPED BOX", "A gray phone sits on a table with papers.", "A cell phone sits on a desk next to a green box."]
["a kitchen that has a sink and a laptop", "a kitchen counter top with a back pack and lap top", "A laptop, jacket and bookbag rests on the kitchen counter in a seemingly empty apartment.  ", "A back pack and lap top sit on the kitchen counter", "A empty home with a view of the kitchen and living room."]
["A man who is sitting in an office chair next to a laptop computer.", "A man in glasses is in front of a laptop computer.", "a person sitting at a desk with a laptop", "a man with glasses in front of a laptop", "The man is advertising help for people's computers. "]
["A lap top computer on a wooden table out in a backyard. ", "Two wooden benches and a picnic table with a laptop computer resting.", "A wooden bench sitting in the middle of a forest.", "A wooden bench and a table with a laptop on top of it", "The laptop is left open outside by the bench. "]
["A large square shaped pizza covered in melted cheese and veggies.", "A cheesy pizza with red peppers is in a box.", "A cheesy casserole covered with toppings is depicted.", "A meal from Japan or China on a tray.", "A pizza with cheese and vegetables in a box."]
["The objects are placed carefully for a special effect on the viewer.", "An assortment of thrift store objects, including two vases and some miniature carousel horses.", "a small shelf with two vases and a tool box on top", "Wooden carousel horses displayed above shelving unit display.", "A group of wooden horses on a rod."]
["A large white clock tower towering over a wall.", "there is a very tall white tower with a clock", "a clock tower near an elevated bridge with a sky background", "Seagulls sit on the posts of a seaside balcony by a clock tower ", "Birds resting on top of a tower with clocks on it."]
["An antique stove and oven gathers some dust.", "An antique stove with three burners and an oven.", "a pale green oven looking thing in a room", "The very old stove has three small burners.", "A vintage wood stove used for cooking or baking."]
["So many stuffed animals and teddy bears in a room.", "Shelves hold rows of teddy bears of all sizes and colors while one lone snowman is sitting with them.", "The extensive collection of antique teddy bears surrounds a large toy ship in the store window.", "A display case full of teddy bears surrounds a model ship.", "A display of teddy bears in assorted colors and sizes."]
["a couple of stuffed bears are sitting with each other", "Some very cute stuffed animals sitting by a wall.", "Stuffed toy bears wearing costumed sitting next to wall paneling.", "Two fully dressed stuffed bears, sitting against a wall.", "a couple of stuffed animals sitting on a floor "]
["A striking face and green eyes are apparent on the cat.", "a black cat sitting on a pink laptop", "A black cat lying on a pink computer keyboard.", "Cat lying on keyboard of laptop computer in residential home.", "A cat sitting on a laptop computer keyboard."]
["A blanket covered with various teddy bears and stuffed animals.", "Light up rubber bunny sitting on a bed surrounded by stuffed teddy bears.", "A toy rabbit sitting in the middle of stuffed animals.", "The bunny rabbit is posed by the teddy bears.", "A glowing rabbit toy sitting among stuffed bears and other stuffed animals."]
["A couple of teddy bears dressed as astronauts.", "Two stuffed bears are dressed in astronaut suits.", "Two bears wearing space suits floating in outer space above the Earth.", "The teddy bears are dressed like astronauts in space.", "Two teddy bear astronauts float through space, tethered to a metal pole."]
["A young girl is watching a movie of some sorts on a flat screen. ", "there is a person laying on a bed using a lap top", "a person types on a laptop computer on a bed", "A woman is laying on her bed looking at her laptop screen as her hand is on the keyboard. ", "Black and white photograph of someone using a computer on a bed"]
["Two young children sitting next to a teddy bear.", "Children sit on a swing next to a teddy bear inside a building.", "Two young children sitting on an indoor swing next to a large teddy bear.", "Two children sitting in a porch swing with a giant teddy bear.", "two young children sitting in a chair by a big teddy bear"]
["A couple of zebra print brushes sitting on top of each other.", "A weird looking picture of some thing on each other.", "One brush laying on top of another, with both having zebra patterns", "These two small zebra print brushes are propped onto each other.", "A zebra patterned set of hair brushes sitting on each other."]
["A man sitting at a table in front of bowls of food.", "A man is sitting on a low chair at a table.", "A man sitting at a table with a plate and a beer at a restaurant. ", "A man eating a meal and talking, there is a phone and a beer on the table. ", "A man sitting at a table next to a plate of food and bottle of beer. "]
["A living room with a table with a mirror above it.", "A room in a home that has antique style wooden furniture and a throw rug on a wooden floor.", "A mirror that is on the side of a wall.", "A room witha wood floor and furniture made out of wood.", "There is antique oak furniture in the room and a mirror on the wall."]
["People sitting in chairs and on the floor at an airport terminal.", "A group of young person sitting in a hall.", "People sit in chairs in front of a large window", "People gathered in a room sitting in chairs and on the floor. ", "The people are sitting in a waiting area."]
["A group of people sitting at a table using laptop computers.", "Young people are sitting along one side of a huge conference table.", "A group of kids are using their computers.", "Five people sitting around a large table using their laptops.", "People at a meeting looking at their computers."]
["a man that is standing up with a cell phone", "A man in a button up and flip flops in a store. ", "A man is in a store talking on a cell phone.", "There is a man standing next to some clothes.", "A man with black sandles standing in a dress store."]
["A photo of a kitchen with focus on the oven.", "Small kitchen with appliances, cabinets, dishes and other miscellaneous items", "A kitchen with wooden cabinets and a microwave oven.", "kitchen with a mini fridge, sink and toaster oven", "A kitchen with multiple cups of different colors such as blue, white, and red."]
["a woman holds a phone to her ear ", "A person with glasses on the phone in a restaurant.", "A woman wearing sunglasses while listening on her cellphone. ", "A woman sitting at a table using a cell phone.", "A woman is in a restaurant using a cell phone."]
["Stainless steel refrigerator in kitchen area with several spaces covered with green curtains.", "There are blue curtains and a large refrigerator in the kitchen.", "A refrigerator is seen near a green curtain.", "A refrigerator near tiled walls and green curtains.", "A refrigerator standing next to some blue curtains."]
["A blender filled with two storm troopers hanging off the side.", "A blender with a Star Wars Storm Trooper being helped by an Ewok.", "Various action figures climbing out of a blender.", "Some small action figures displayed near a dirty blender.", "Three Starwars action figures playing in a blender."]
["a couple of people are having a conversation in a busy place", "A woman and two men converse at a convention.", "A couple of men and a woman having conversation at a convention.", "The people are drinking from cups and smiling. ", "Three people chat inside of a store. "]
["A room full of people as a Ninja Turtle sings on state.", "a band on a stage performing for an audience ", "People enjoying and videoing a live music concert", "People watching a music concert being performed on a stage.", "A singer in mask and fog entertains the crowd.  "]
["A man sitting and interacting with his phone", "A man in the stands of a sports event texting on his phone.", "a man wearing eye glasses while playing with a cell phone", "A man sitting in a chair typing on his cell phone.", "A man in stadium style seats is using a cell phone."]
["A man sitting down at a table holding a cell phone.", "A man at a table is looking at his cell phone.", "A man smiles as he looks at something on his phone. ", "A man looking at a cellphone in a kitchen.", "A man sitting at a table using a smart phone."]
["A women who is taking a picture with her cell phone.", "A woman wearing a pink hat while she is holding up a smart phone.", "A woman in a pink hat is looking at a cellphone.", "Young woman taking a picture off in distance.", "a woman in a pink hat is on a phone"]
["A group of people on public transportation stare at their phones.", "A group of people looking at their phones.", "A group of people on a subway train looking at their cellphones.", "Many people are doodling on their cell phones on a train. ", "Girls looking at their phone on a subway."]
["A woman standing on a beach holding a blue bag.", "This woman should have left her phone at home.", "A elderly woman is walking along a beach.", "A lady in walking on the beach with a confused look on her face.", "Woman in regular clothes with cell phone on a beach."]
["A woman smoking a cigarette and talking on the phone.", "A woman in a white suit jacket and black pants smokes and talks on her phone.", "Fashionable young woman talking on her cell phone", "Woman talking on her phone while smoking a cigarette.", "A women standing talking on her phone and smoking."]
["A woman walking on the sidewalk talking on a phone.", "A woman talking on the phone near a bus stop.", "A man holding a cell phone while walking on a sidewalk.", "A woman talks on her cell phone as she walks down a city street.", "A lady is approaching a bus stop enclosure while talking on her phone."]
["A woman dressed in black standing on a sidewalk.", "A sexy young lady with red hair walking on a sidewalk.", "A woman holding a cell phone walks down a city street. ", "A person looking down a street while she is walking.", "The red-haired woman wearing glasses is walking down the street holding a cell phone."]
["Lot of several older flip phones all hanging on wires like flowers.", "An array of cellphones attached to thin metal rods.", "A bunch of cell phones attached to wires.", "A large display of cell phones are set up on stands.", "A whole ton of phones are charging on display"]
["A woman taking a picture of herself in front her her computer", "A woman taking a picture with her cell phone.", "A woman holding a cell phone in her hand.", "a person taking a photo near a computer ", "A woman is taking a picture of herself in front of a computer."]
["A man on a mass transit vehicle while on a cell phone.", "A man wearing a suit on a phone with sunglasses on his head.", "a business man on the phone in a subway", "A man talking on the phone while waiting  for an elevator", "A man is on a cellphone next to a thick metal door."]
["A woman sitting in front of a table with a pitcher of beer.", "A woman is showing us her phone with a big beer in front of her.", "a woman and her fridnds dine in a nice cafe", "a group of people that are sitting at a table", "A woman showing her phone with others sitting at the table with her."]
["A picture of a silver colored blackberry phone with a graph on the screen. ", "An old blackberry phone with a physical keyboard.", "A smartphone is being held with a hand that has a band-aid. ", "A hand that is holding a cellphone in it.", "A silver cellphone has a large screen and built in keyboard."]
["A woman holding a glass is looking at her phone.", "Girl with drink in her hand checks her phone.", "Blurred image of a person outdoors at night holding a beer glass and using a mobile phone.", "A blurry picture of a lady holding a drink outdoors at a restaurant.", "A woman checks her phone outside at night while holding a drink."]
["The man in the dark jacket is using his cell phone.", "A man talking on a phone with a shaved head.", "a bald man is talking on a cellphone", "A man is holding a cell phone to his ear.", "A man with a bald head has a cell phone to his ear. "]
["A small room with a sink, microwave, and dishwasher.", "A small kitchen with a sink and microwave.  ", "The small kitchenette has stainless steel appliances. ", "A microwave oven mounted inside of a kitchen wall above a dishwasher.", "A small kitchen with a hanging microwave and a dishwasher."]
["A love seat, microwave and table on sidewalk.", "Cardboard and a microwave on top of a coach", "A settee, a microwave, and a board stacked on curb by house.", "a sofa chair and a microwave sitting on top of it", "A microwave sitting in an old chair covered by a table."]
["An older man takes a pizza out of the oven. ", "A pizza chef working in front of a large stainless steel oven.", "A man standing in front of a metal pizza oven putting in a pizza.", "A man is preparing pizzas in large ovens.", "A picture of a kitchen with a man cooking pizza"]
["A white stove top oven sitting in a kitchen.", "An old style white stove with a kettle on it.", "Older model white stove top in someone's kitchen", "An old double oven stove sits in a kitchen.", "A white oven with a kettle on it"]
["a woman with a green oven mitt is checking on her baking", "A person getting food out of the oven.", "A woman just baked bread and is pulling it out the oven. ", "A person taking baked goods out of the oven.", "A person using an oven mitt to take something from the oven."]
["A stainless steel stove that is in a kitchen.", "A stove with several burners sitting next to a counter.", "A stove top oven sitting inside of a kitchen.", "A gas stove and oven with five burners on the top of the range.", "A silver stove that is in a kitchen."]
["A refrigerator and a stove in a small kitchen.", "A red and white colored kitchen with a refrigerator and cabinets.", "A toy model of a kitchen that has a refigerator, stove, oven and baby play pin.", "Kitchen with refrigerator, stove, table, sweeper and clock on the wall in red and white decor.", "The kitchen is decorated red and white with a small oven."]
["A kitchen with a large clock mounted to it's wall.", "A kitchen area with a counter, refrigerator and sink.", "Large clock hangs on the wall over sink by the kitchen door", "A kitchen includes a refrigerator, counter, and sink. ", "A kitchen with refrigerator, sink, and island looking into the next room."]
["A clock is telling time on the green wall next to a door.", "A wall clock on a green wall next to a closed door.", "An indoor white clock on a green wall next to a door.", "A white clock hangs on a wall next to a door.", "A wall mounted clock sitting next to a doorway."]
["An analog clock on a post in a city.", "Round clock on the corner in the city.", "A round street clock in a busy urban area.", "A clock below tall buildings in a large city.", "There aren't too many of these free-standing clocks left in cities."]
["a stove in the corner wit ha refrigerator near", "A white stove is in a kitchen with a white refrigerator.", "a white kitchen with a stove and a refrigerator.", "An old gas stove sitting next to a refrigerator. ", "An oven next to a fridge in a room"]
["There is a clock with a glass front door", "A clock that is against a very brown wall.", "An antique clock sits up against a wall.", "A wooden grandfather clock built in to the wall.", "A large wooden clock in a small room."]
[" young woman poses next to her refrigerator.", "A women who is standing next to a refrigerator. ", "A woman is posing beside a refrigerator. ", "a woman poses next to a fridge ", "a female in a black top and a white refrigerator"]
["a machine to make a drink placed on a table", "A blender with a jar on it upside down", "a glass mug with a handle turned upside down and screwed into a plastic base", "THERE IS A STATUE THAT IS ON DISPLAY ", "A glass mug is on top of a black appliance."]
["An upside down blender containing a mixture of food.", "a blender holding some items to make a smoothie with", "a bunch of food in a glass blender", "A blender that has vegetables and a liquid in it.", "a blender with a bunch of food inside of it "]
["Some chopped vegetables layed out on a pan", "A pressure cooker and prepared vegetables with a cook in a kitchen.", "A person standing in a kitchen with some food.", "A tray that has a whole bunch of carrots on it.", "A person preparing food next to some vegetables and a cooker."]
["A man sitting in a chair with a woman cutting his hair.", "A woman gives a sitting man a haircut.", "A man cutting another mans hair in a bathroom.", "A man sits in a bathroom while a woman cuts his hair.", "A woman is cutting a man's hair in a bathroom."]
["A man in holding a tube next to a shirt. ", "A man is steaming his clothes in a bathroom.", "A man is using a blow dryer on a blue checked piece of clothing.", "a man blow drying a blue checked shirt", "There is a man that is holding cloth in his hand"]
["Siblings playing with toys on the floor of a living room", "Two young children playing in a living room", "Two children interacting with each other and toys.", "Two children are playing in the family room.", "Two kids that are playing with each other on the ground."]
["A tall building with set  of two entrances.", "A grand entrance to the Pennsylvania Railroad station", "A man walking past the decorative front of a train station.", "The Pennsylvania Railroad Suburban Station is black with gilded fixtures. ", "This is the front of the Pennsylvania Railroad Suburban station."]
["a tower with a clock on top with a sky background ", "The clock tower shower quarter past five and the shadows setting.", "some trees and a white clock in the center of a street", "An elegant, white clock tower sits i the middle of a manicured garden.", "A clock tower in the middle of a roundabout"]
["The eccentric building has been painted bright red with white trim.", "A small red clock store in a parking lot.", "A red restaurant sitting on a street corner.", "A red building on an outside street corner", "A red building with a pointed roof says house of clocks."]
["A large clock tower sitting next to a red brick building.", "A large tall pole with a clock on top.", "A huge clock tower is seen in the middle of the town.", "A statute sitting in the middle of an intersection with a clock at the top of it. ", "A square on the road where a clock is erected in the center."]
["A large white clock tower towering over a small village.", "An attractive clock tower in what looks like it is in a Norwegian town. ", "A quaint city block full of tudor style buildings and a clock tower.", "An old clock tower in the middle of a village.", "A city is shown with multicolored buildings lined up."]
["A bunch of flowers sticking out of a glass vase.", "THIS IS A VERY PRETTY PICTURE OF A VASE OF FLOWERS", "a flower that is in some kind of jar", "A vase full of flowers sitting beside a blue piece of pottery.", "A fall arrangement of flowers has a raffia bow."]
["A small animal craft sitting on top of a pine cone.", "A mini moose sculpture is propped next to a vase.", "A pine cone and a tree in a vase.", "A decorative vase with a branch inside and a handmade deer decoration.", "a vase sits next to a toy and a pine cone "]
["A beer bottle with flowers sticking out of it on a log.", "Two flowers are allowed to grow in a beer bottle.", "beautiful orange flowers planted in a beer bottle", "A bottle with a flower in it on a stump.", "A beer bottle filled with flowers sitting on a tree stump."]
["A pair of scissors sticking out of a wooden table.", "Pair of scissors with tips implanted on surface near art display.", "a pair of scissors impaled on a piece of wood", "A pair of scissors stabbed onto a wooden counter top.", "A pair of scissors sticking into a table."]
["A pair of scissors cutting a piece of string.", "Artwork made from decorated pair of scissors cutting striped ribbon.", "A pair of spotted scissors cuts a striped ribbon. ", "Black and white polka dot scissors cutting a striped ribbon.", "A pair of scissors that are cutting a ribbon."]
["A close up shot of scissors and tape.", "a few pieces of arts and crafts stuff", "A closeup show a surface covered with small pieces of Christmas wrapping paper, of various patterns, a large cellophane tape and large scissors with a blue grip. ", "Scissors and tape on top of wrapping paper", "a pair of scissors and tap that are on a table"]
["Antique teddy bears wearing bandages on their legs and an eye", "Two bears with bandages on legs and a eye patch.", "Two stuffed bears decorated like they have injuries..", "Two brown teddy bears sitting together in a corner.", "a bear with an eye patch sitting in front of one with a cast"]
["A small arrangement of tools used for sewing.", "A set of sewing tools places next to each other on a table.", "Blue scissors, needles and a pincushion are on a table.", "A blue pair of scissors and pins on a table.", "Scissors are sitting on the table with needles and a pin cushion behind it."]
["Teddy bear in front of a holly covered object. ", "A teddy bear next to a large top with Christmas flowers behind it.", "Stuffed toy bear sits with large spinning top in holiday themed display.", "TEDDY BEAR WITH A AN OLD TOY CALLED THE TOP", "A stuffed teddy bear beside a gold, red and blue ornament"]
["A brown teddybear sitting next to a christmas tree.", "A brown teddy bear sitting next to a bag of presents.", "A giant teddy bear with gifts next to it.", "A bear that is sitting by itself on the ground.", "A brown teddy bear holding wrapped Christmas gifts. "]
["a child in an orange shirt and a teddy bear sitting on a bench", "A young boy sitting on top of a wooden chair.", "A male child and a teddy bear sitting on a bench.", "A kid and stuffed bear in a room.", "A boy in orange shirt sitting on table next to teddy bear."]
["a couple of girls embracing each other with a teddy bear.", "there are two girls that are holding a stuffed bear", "A pair of young girls hugging posing for a picture.", "a couple of little girls that are holding a stuffed animal", "Two little girls posing beside of one another."]
["Three stuffed teddy bears share a chocolate soda with three straws.", "Stuffed animals comically sharing a milkshake on carpet", "a couple of bears are sitting near a glass", "Three stuffed toys are displayed as if drinking from straws.", "two teddy bears a rabbit and a drink and straws "]
["A pool full of men and woman having drinks.", "A group of people in a pool with floating plates of food.", "Several people with trays of food and drink in a pool.", "The old folks lounge in the swimming pool with their drinks and snacks floating on buoyant trays.", "People are gathered together for a in pool luncheon with floating trays."]
["A white plate with two fried eggs and greens.", "A plate with two seasoned eggs and a leafy vegetable.", "Two poached eggs and cooked green vegetables in a plate.", "a close up of vegetables on a plate with eggs", "some peppered eggs on a white plate on a cutting board"]
["A plate of beans and eggs with a knife and fork on it.", "A plate of beans, eggs, and toast is on the table.", "A plate on a table containing beans, eggs, toast and silverware.", "A plate of breakfast food is sitting on the table.", "There are eggs and beans on a plate."]
["a white plate of food and a drink on the side", "A well made dinner sitting on a table thats ready to eat.", "Some different foods are on a white plate", "A very fancy looking plate of food and a drink.", "Assorted dessert items displayed along with beverage on table."]
["A group of men sitting around a dinner table.", "Four men sit at a table with dishes and beers in front of them.", "Four men at a bar having finished a meal. ", "A table of men have dinner and drink beer.", "A group of men sitting at a table in a cafe."]
["A man that is holding a camera in both of his hands.", "A man in a t-shirt smiles as he prepares to take a photograph.", "A man in a restaurant is holding a camera. ", "A man in a restaurant smiling while holding up a camera.", "The man is smiling while looking at his upheld camera. "]
["a group of people seated around a dining table outdoors.", "Large gathering of people sitting outside at tables.", "An outside gathering of people sitting at tables. ", "there are many people sitting outside at tables", "A large out door eating venue with many people sitting at tables."]
["a table with some vases and some glasses ", "Various different glasses that are sitting on a table.", "A table filled with glass and people sitting at large outside dining tables.", "A formal gathering with people sitting at decorated tables.", "Glasses are lined up on a table at an outdoor dinner."]
["A half of a chicken with bread slices next to a wine glass.", "A dinner of chicken and several slices of bread and a class of white wine. ", "A plate of food with chicken and bread. ", "Some poultry has several slices of bread with it.", "A plate of food is displayed on a surface."]
["a small dessert along with several glasses of wine", "a plate with some food on it sit in front of some glasses with champagne in them", "A plate topped with food next to glasses of wine.", "A group of glasses sit in front of a plate.", "The plates of desserts are near glasses of water."]
["three women and one man drinking wine and having a good time", "A group of women at a table with wine and glasses.", "A small group of people enjoying a bottle of wine at a restaurant.", "People are sitting around a table, watching something, and getting ready to drink wine.", "Three friends look past a bottle of wine to the end of the table."]
["A dinner table with wine, glasses, and bread. ", "A plate of food on a dining room table.", "Dessert plates are on a table with a red tablecloth.", "A very long nicely set dining table with diners.", "A picture of a cheese and fruit plate in a restaurant."]
["A group of people are around a dining table.", "People standing around a table with a hand and glass outstretched.", "A group of people holding wine glasses at a wine tasting.", "people at a party toasting their wine glasses", "People at a wine tasting are crowded into a small room. "]
["Two women and a man share drinks together.", "people sitting by a table smiling and drinking wine.", "Three friends relaxing with drinks at outside table.", "A group of friends having drinks while sitting around a table.", "Three people enjoying wine and laughing with a person that is not in the image."]
["A very big room full of people with fancy chandeliers.", "Several people mingle in a regal room with fancy chandeliers.", "A group of people at some sort of function ", "A group of people standing in a building on a red carpet.", "A crowd of people in formal wear in a lavish reception area"]
["Older man questioning employee for different wines in store.", "Two men talking in a crowded restaurant with a large mirrored wall.", "People are looking are different products in a store.", "the people working in a wine shop are wearing red", "a man with eye glasses talking to another man "]
["A woman pours a man in a suit a glass of wine from behind a temporary bar.", "A man is having his wine glass filled at a party.", "A man smiling while a woman pours him a glass of wine.", "A woman pouring a man a glass of wine in a room.", "The bar tender is pouring the man a glass of wine."]
["A long black train traveling past a graffiti covered wall.", "A train yard with multiple sets of tracks and various train engines and cars on the different tracks.", "Small black-and-white toy trains sitting on top of the counter. ", "Two trains on the tracks parked in a rail yard.", "A man waling through a train rail yard with trains passing on either side of him."]
["a man sitting on a bench talking on his cell phone", "Man sitting on park bench using cell phone.", "A man sitting on a bench with a cell phone.", "A man sits on a shady bench talking on the phone.", "A man sitting on a bench talking on a cell phone."]
["A man is sitting on a bench reading a book.", "A man sitting on a park bench reading a book.", "A man sitting by himself reading a book on a bench. ", "A man sitting on a bench outside reading a book.", "A man sitting on a bench in the shade reading a book."]
["A man sleeping on the end of a wooden bench.", "A man resting his head on his hand while sitting on a bench.", "A man sits sleeping on a sidewalk bench.", "a person sitting on a bench on a street", "a man taking a nap at the end of a bench "]
["There are two men sitting on a park bench", "Two men sit on a bench as they talk", "A black and white picture of two men straddling a park bench", "Two men sitting straddling a bench facing each other and eating.", "A group of men sitting on a bench together."]
["The people are sitting around the benches outside.", "a couple of people that are sitting on a bench", "Several people sitting on benches and walking through a common area", "A couple of men sitting on top of a bench.", "A man with a cell phone sitting next to others on a bench."]
["a man walking with an umbrella in the sunshine", "A man holding an umbrella on top of a bridge.", "A man in a tan rob standing with an umbrella.", "A man is walking along with an umbrella on the street.", "A monk is standing by an empty pool and holding an umbrella. "]
["A person holding a skateboard overlooks a dead field of crops.", "A person sits on a patch of grass observing the scenery.", "A person holding a skate board sitting in an empty open field.", "A child with a skateboard sitting on the grass and looking at an empty field", "A skateboarder sitting on the edge of an open field."]
["A young man standing in front of a Canon store.", "This young man is Canon salesperson and he is standing in front of glasses cabinet with Canon products.", "A man wearing a tie in front of a glass case.", "An employee at a Canon store stands in front of a case of Canon merchandise.", "A young man working in a camera shop selling lenses"]
["A kitchen with wooden floors surrounded by windows.", "Empty kitchen space with sink on side and fan on ceiling", "A room has many cabinets and a microwave and windows.", "The kitchen with many windows is very bright", "an empty and clean wood floored home kitchen"]
["this kitchen is very big and has wood cainets", "A large kitchen with a lot of cabinets and counter space.", "There are a lot of cupboards and  refrigerator in the room. ", "A kitchen with a lot of counter space, a sink, stove and refrigerator in it. ", "A very large kitchen area in a building."]
["A kitchen with wooden counter tops and a stove top oven.", "A small and clean home kitchen with wooden counters", "Here is a nice and homey little kitchen arrangement", "an image of kitchen setting with an island kitchen", "a kitchen with plates a stove a sink and counter tops"]
["A stove and a sink in a room.", "a kitchen with an old fashioned stove and some plates sitting on some shelves ", "there are many cups and plates in this kitchen", "This is a photo of someones kitchen in their home. ", "A kitchen with an old style stove, shelving, a sink and window."]
["A modern style wooden kitchen with multi layered counters.", "The bar of the small bathroom has many remotes on it.", "A counter that has a rounded edge with shelves", "a kitchen area with an L shaped counter set up.", "A full view of a kitchen and the sink."]
["A kitchen counter with a rounded edge and shelves", "A corner view of a light wood kitchen, with a rounded counter.", "Light colored wooden cabinets and counter tops in a kitchen.", "Kitchen scene with new wooden cabinets and counters.", "a kitchen with a sink a stove and cupboards"]
["A little girl is making a huge mess with a birthday cake. ", "A baby with a bib eats a cake.", "A young baby is eating and playing with some cake.", "A child in a booster chair eating a cake ", "a small child is sitting on a seat"]
["A young child eating cake with pink and white frosting on a high chair.", "A little girl in a high chair eating an entire cake.", "A child eats a cake in it's high chair.", "Young child enjoys a deathly meal for dinner ", "A baby in a wooden high chair eating."]
["a little kid that is eating a big cake", "baby in a highchair with bib and cake", "A baby in a high chair has a whole cake.", "A very cute small kid sitting by a big cake.", "A baby in a high chair with a cake in front of him."]
["A baby sitting in a high chair eating food.", "A BABY IN A HIGH CHAIR FOOD ALL OVER", "A messy baby eating in a baby seat", "A small child eating a cake with its hands.", "A baby is having fun playing with his food."]
["A woman holding two rainbow slices of cake.", "a woman holding a plate of cake in her hand", "a woman holding a plate with some colorful slices of cake on it", "A woman holds a plate with rainbow cake.", "A woman having two pieces of birthday cake."]
["A kitchen with white cabinets and a dark blue countertop", "The kitchen has been updated with white cabinets and black counters", "An empty kitchen with black counter tops. ", "There is a picture of a kitchen with a fridge, sink and stove.", "An empty galley style kitchen is shown in white."]
["A smiling woman nonetheless cringes as a dog licks her ear. ", "A man holds a dog as it licks the face of a woman.", "A woman sitting on the floor while a dog licks her face.", "A young beautiful woman sitting on a floor next to a black dog.", "Black dog licking the face of a girl sitting on the floor."]
["A kitchen sink sitting inside of a white counter.", "A sink cabinet door is open in a kitchen.", "A room that has a counter, sink, and cabinets.", "A view kitchen with a sink door open.", "There is an empty kitchen with an open cabinet."]
["Two long metal tables sitting inside of a kitchen.", "a commercial kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator", "A commercial kitchen with no one in it", "Lots of metal tables and things hanging from the ceiling in a room.", "A kitchen with several counters and power plugs hanging from the ceiling."]
["a man on skis holds onto the hands of a small girl on skis", "three adults and one child skiing on a snow covered ski slope.", "Several adults and a child are skiing along on a flat snowy patch.", "People are snow skiing with a little baby in hand.", "Group of people helping a small child ski on a snow trail. "]
["This kitchen features dark colored cabinets, nice counter tops, and pendant lights.", "A kitchen has a sink, stove, refrigerator, and window in it.", "a kitchen with a double sink, stove and counter top", "A very nice kitchen with dark wood cabinets, marble counter tops, stainless appliances and hanging lights.", "A large island sits in a tidy kitchen."]
["A dirty kitchen floor with soot on the tiles.", "A dirt covered floor in a home kitchen.", "A KITCHEN WITH DIRT ON THE FLOORS OF IT ", "A kitchen with a stove top oven next to a fridge.", "A mess sits on the floor of an otherwise clean kitchen."]
["A kitchen has a stove with cupcakes on top of it.", "Cupcakes cool on top of the stove in the kitchen.", "An oven with baking trays on top of it. ", "a oven with some trey of baked goods on top of it ", "A stove top oven with pans of muffins on it."]
["Rows of gray and black keyboards make up several different pictures.", "Many different images of different computer keyboards with someones hand on two of the pictures. ", "A collection of different styles of keyboard that is on display. ", "Several images of black computer keyboards stacked together", "A group of pictures showing different angles of a keyboard."]
["A small kitchen with a stove and counters.", "A shot of a kitchen with an island, stools and stainless steel appliances.", "A kitchen filled with appliances and stools next to food.", "A bright kitchen with light cabinets, stove, microwave and refrigerator.", "Modern kitchen with counter and cabinet and hardwood floors."]
["A white kitchen with plenty of counter space, a dishwasher and a oven.", "An older kitchen appears brighter after being painted in beige and white.", "A small kitchen has no cabinets on the walls", "The kitchen counter has a built in dishwasher and oven.", "A plain kitchen with beige cabinets and brown floors."]
["a big empty kitchen with only a refrigerator stove and a sink", "A refrigerator freezer sitting on top of a hard wood floor.", "The kitchen area is clean and ready for us to use. ", "A large kitchen looks new and empty of furniture.", "a kitchen with a smooth floor and a fridge inside of it "]
["A view of kitchen with two microwaves in it.", "A kitchen with counters, a sink, a refrigerator and a microwave in it.", "Modern kitchen facility in open space with large counters.", "a kitchen that has a icebox and some microwaves in it", "A very clean and empty kitchen and counter area"]
["A room filled with different types of items all around.\n", "All white kitchen with brown counter tops and red fire extinguisher. ", "A kitchen with cream colored walls and brown counters.", "A modern kitchen has an abundance of counter space.", "THIS IS A PICTURE OF A LARGE CLEAN KITCHEN"]
["A kitchen with a microwave oven next to a stove top oven.", "an offica kitchen with white cabinets and some yellow walls ", "A small kitchen with yellow walls, a microwave and sink.", "The kitchen is yellow with white cabinets. ", "The kitchen has a microwave on the counter beside the sink."]
["A narrow kitchen with a white stove top oven.", "A long galley kitchen with cabinets on both sides", "a long narrow kitchen with cups in the sink", "A white and light gray kitchen with stove, sink, and refrigerator. ", "an image of a kitchen setting with formica counter"]
["A view of a kitchen with a bunch of cleaning supplies around it.", "a brown breakfast bar in a large kitchen", "A counter and a trash can in a room.", "The counter in this kitchen is very cluttered.", "a counter top with all sorts of cleaning supplies"]
["a kitchen counter covered with cleaning supplies and other items", "A bunch of items that are on a kitchen island.", "The kitchen is opened near the island covered with cleaning supplies. ", "A kitchen that has various things sitting on the counter.", "a counter with bottles some cabinets and an oven"]
["Many cleaning products are on the kitchen island.", "A kitchen counter top has wine bottles and cleaning products.", "A kitchen counter that has a wine bottle and cleaning supplies on it.", "A center island in a kitchen covered in lots of clutter.", "A kitchen island has cleaning products on it."]
["A large living room has many items thrown around it.", "This is a somewhat cluttered kitchen and dining area.", "A cluttered kitchen counter and dining area in a house.", "View of a cluttered kitchen counter, clothes hanging on back of chairs, and a opened cabinet door.", "The house is very messy and should be cleaned. "]
["Large sized kitchen with a dining room section.", "Many objects are sitting on a counter in a kitchen.", "A kitchen in a camp with gear and coats laid out.", "A kitchen with a lot of kitchen furniture and accessories", "A kitchen with and island and several counters in it."]
["A kitchen is displayed, showing wooden cabinets and a blue tiled counter top.", "A stove top sitting next to a metallic kitchen sink.", "A view of a stove that is in a kitchen that has no refrigerator.", "A picture of a kitchen with an open drawer over the stove.", "Wooden cabinets over a black stove top with blue tiles and a sink."]
["A table topped with dessert next to a window.", "A window showing a beautiful landscape outside during the day.", "An old-fashioned kitchen window overlooking a flower garden.", "A view of a room that has a window looking out into a field.", "a living room with a view of a field from the window"]
["A kitchen filled with lots of counter top space.", "A white room with a very clean silver kitchen.", "A kitchen with an oven, stove, sink and refrigerator.", "The kitchen has five beams running across the ceiling.", "A large stainless steel kitchen with beams overhead "]
["A kitchen with a refrigerator freezer next to a sink.", "A kitchen with a refrigerator and sink with bucket in it.", "A red bucket sits in a sink next to an open refrigerator..", "A kitchen with a red bucket in the sink", "The refrigerator and the kitchen is being cleaned."]
["The woman is in the kitchen preparing a meal.", "A woman cooking some food on a grill.", "A woman standing by a pan on a stove cutting something with a knife.", "A woman standing at a stove using a knife in a skillet.", "A woman cooks a meal in a frying pan on the stove."]
["this man is riding a board near a field", "A man on a skateboard rides down a narrow road.", "A boy wearing a suit riding a skateboard down the road", "A man with a fro riding a skateboard down a road.", "A curly haired boy rides a skateboard down a road."]
["A man sitting on his skateboard in a field.", "A young man with frizzy hair sits on a skateboard.", "The young man is sitting on his skateboard in the middle of the field with a pensive expression.", "A boy sitting on a skateboard in a field.", "A young man with an afro sitting on a skateboard in a dirt field."]
["A young child stands in the kitchen with an adult.", "A girl observes a life size toy kitchen.", "A child standing in front of a toy dishwasher.", "A child standing in front of a fake appliance. ", "A child and adult are in a play kitchen."]
["A table in a small room with some pots.", "A green table sitting in a kitchen with pots and pans on top of it.", "a table that has pots and pans sitting on it", "A kitchen area with metal table, pots and pans.", "A green table with pots piled on it "]
["A kitchen that is ready to have appliances put into it.", "a all white kitchen and a closed window.", "A kitchen with empty counter tops, a stove, sink  and  a window.", "A photo of a bare, cream and white kitchen.", "An empty kitchen with a white stove top oven."]
["A kitchen with a black stove top oven.", "A small kitchen nook has been furnished with stainless appliances.", "A stove with a microwave above it and a refrigerator next to it. ", "a small kitchen with a variety of appliances.", "a light blue kitchen a black stove and a silver micro wave oven"]
["a group of guys showing off a cow to an audience. ", "A young man holds the bridle of a large cow in a grass field.", "Black and white photograph of a farmer and his prize bull", "A black and white photo of people standing around a cow.", "Black and white photo of the mean standing next to a cow."]
["People are crossing the street through the crosswalk.", "A man, a child, and a woman crossing a street in a large city.\n", "A family crosses the intersection in the crosswalk.", "A blurry photograph of a family with tennis gear crossing a city street", "parents and their child walking with tennis rackets and balls"]
["A doll sitting at a table with fake food. ", "a toy set of a person in a kitchen ", "A cute little doll in a doll house kitchen.", "Female toy doll displayed in kitchen of miniature doll house.", "The doll is posed at the table eating a meal. "]
["A kitchen that is kind of cluttered with lots of jugs.", "a kitchen with some appliances on the counter ", "A residential kitchen with wood cabinets and counters.", "The kitchen is constantly in use on most days.", "Kitchen area with cabinets and cooking appliances on counter top."]
["Tea time in the dollhouse is much like the real thing.", "A doll sitting down on a miniature chair.", "The doll house is full of accurate furniture.", "An upclose view of a doll in a dollhouse sitting at a kitchen table.", "A doll sitting on a chair at a small table."]
["An empty modern kitchen is lit at night", "A kitchen with grey walls and white cabinets sits empty. ", "A sleek gray and white, very tidy kitchen.", "A kitchen with some drawers, counter, a stool, and some papers taped to a wall.", "A bar stool is at a bar in a large kitchen."]
["A kitchen with a washer and a stove top oven.", "A room is shown with a washer and oven.", "A kitchen with a white stove and washing machine", "An oven, and clothes washer are in a small kitchen.", "a kitchen with a stove a dih washer and a mcirowave"]
["An empty kitchen with lots of tile blue counter top space.", "A kitchen with many of the appliances removed with blue and white tile.", "A PICTURE OF A KITCHEN WITH TILE COUNTER TOP", "A kitchen showing marble tile and wood cabinets.", "A kitchen with a stove, oven and a sink."]
["An unfinished kitchen that has a refrigerator and cabinets.", "unfinished kitchen cabinets with a black refrigerator and a door", "A kitchen filled with lots of counter space and a refrigerator freezer.", "A modern room with bright lights and cabinets.", "A new kitchen doesn't have the countertops yet."]
["A man walking his bike past a wooden boat.", "A motorboat is towed through a crowd of bicyclists. ", "Small fishing boat is sitting on a busy city street. ", "A group of people are standing with bicycles in a crowd.", "A man not moving on his bicycle in a crowd."]
["A brown songbird perched on the handlebars of a bicycle.", "A small brown bird is sitting on the handle bar of a bicycle. ", "A brown and yellow bird sitting on a bike's handlebars", "A small bird sitting on a handlebar of a bicycle.", "A brown bird sits on the handlebar of a bicycle or motorcycle."]
["A brown bird perched on the handle bars of a bike.", "Little bird relaxing on a bike handle. ", "A small bird sitting on the handle bars of a motor bike.", "A brown bird perched on the handle of a bike.", "A bird is using the handlebars of a bicycle for its perch."]
["a toilet a sink and a bad mirror", "A bathroom with white tile walls and grey tile floor. ", "A bathroom with toilet and sink in it.", "A bathroom containing a white toilet, white sink, and white tile on the walls. ", "a bath room with a toilet and a sink "]
["A man sitting on a bike holding a large dog on his knee with one are and guiding the bike with the other hand.", "a person sitting on a bike holding a dog", "A man is sitting on a bike while holding a dog.", "A man carrying a white dog while riding a bicycle.", "A man on a bicycle is holding a dog."]
["a clean bathroom with tiled walls and a sink", "A close shot of a bathroom sink with golden handles. ", "A brown and white contemporary styled bathroom with a golden faucet.", "A sink and faucet are inside of a bathroom.", "a bathroom with a white sink and gold faucet "]
["A man riding a bike across a cross walk with a dog.", "A man riding across the street on a bike beside a dog.", "Man on bicycle crossing intersection with dog on leash.", "Side view of a bicolored, medium sized dog walking beside a man with backpack on back on a bicycle in middle of crosswalk of multiple lanes and traffic lights intersection.", "A man is walking a dog on his bike through a crosswalk."]
["A painting of a zebra on a concrete wall.", "A child on a bike riding past a zebra picture on a wall.", "a girl is riding her bike past a mural of a zebra", "The woman is riding her bike pass the sign with the zebra.", "Girl riding a bicycle past a picture of a fanciful zebra on a wall."]
["A white toilet sitting next to a large window.", "two different kinds of lights in a bath room. ", "Two lights shine above a messy bathroom toilet.", "This is a photo of a bathroom in someones home.", "Residential bathroom with commode and shower and plain white walls."]
["A portable bathroom has a gray plastic urinal.", "an over head view of a urinal ", "a urinal sits inside of a small area ", "A urinal that has a large pipe next to it.", "A mans toilet attached to a black pole."]
["a bike sitting in front of colorful signs ", "a close up of a bike parked indoors near a wall", "A close up of a bicycle with its kickstand down.", "A bike that is on the ground in a store.", "A bicycle parked by a wall plastered with Asian posters."]
["A bathroom area with lights, standup shower and trashcan.", "A bathroom scene with focus on the shower.", "A shower with a hard curtain in a clean bathroom.", "A bathroom with a shower and a missing toilet. ", "A shower stall in a bathroom but missing the sink"]
["Several parked bikes sitting in the grass near a tree.", "some bicycles trees grass buildings a walkway and lights", "Outside a wide four-story building bicycles are parked.", "A group of bikes parked up against a tree on a green park.", "The three bicycles are leaned on the tree."]
["Doorway view of a bathroom that includes a toilet and tub.", "A bathtub with legs on it positioned near a toilet.", "This bathroom has a toilet and a bathtub in it.", "A toilet with a wooden seat sitting next to a white tub.", "A bathroom with a stand alone tub, toilet and a towel rack."]
["A small bathroom with a toilet and shower.", "A bathroom scene with a sink, shower, and a toilet.", "A bathroom with the door opened to a toilet and separate sink and vanity area.", "The white bathroom is clean and devoid of personality.", "a bathroom with a sink cabinet shower and toilet"]
["A bathroom with a run down looking shower next to a sink.", "An old bathroom containing a blue and white sink and a shower with no curtain. ", "Bathroom with a sink and white tiled wall and floor.", "Part of a small bathroom in need of repair. ", "a drain a shower a sink and a cupboard"]
["A white toilet sitting next to a walk in shower.", "THERE IS A TOILET THAT IS IN THE BATHROOM ", "this bathroom has a white toilet and a shower ", "a white bathroom with a toilet and a standing shower", "A bathroom with white toilet and shower stall"]
["A restroom with three mirrors above two sinks.", "A public bathroom with mirrors, soap and sinks.", "there is an image of a bathroom with two sinks in there", "The department store bathroom is well maintained and clean.", "A beige tiled bathroom with sinks and soap dispensors."]
["a bathroom with a bath tub a toilet and a sink", "A light above the shower is the only lighting in the dark bathroom.", "Typical residential bath room in a small house", "A walk in shower tub sitting next to a white toilet", "A dimly lit modern bathroom with some clothes and towels hanging by the shower."]
["a bathroom that has a sink and a toilet in it", "A bathroom with marble counter top and red wall treatment.", "A bathroom with a red color scheme on the walls.", "A bathroom that has a tub, a toilet, a sink, and a mirror. ", "A bathroom with a tub, toilet, sink, a counter and a cabinet in it."]
["A toilet in a bathroom next to a wall.", "Small bathroom with square toilet and small stand in shower", "The small bathroom has a beige toilet in it.", "a toilet in a bath room with a bath tub near by", "We are looking at a very small bathroom."]
["A toilet with a black seat cover next to a sink.", "There is a toilet and sink in a bathroom.", "A white bathroom has a black toilet cover.", "A toilet with its lid up next to the sink. ", "a white sink and a white toilet with a black lid"]
["Two bathroom sinks under two mirrors next to paper towel dispenser.", "Modern sinks in a green, modern looking bathroom.", "Two sinks are on the vanity in the restroom.", "This is a picture of two bowls in a restaurant.  ", "Two bucket sinks and mirrors reflecting a group of people."]
["A bathroom that has a sink with a glass bowl.", "this is a sink in a tile bathroom", "a bath room sink near a mirror on a wall", "A sink sitting in a bathroom next to a stall.", "A unique glass basin is part of the bathroom sink."]
["A small bathroom with only a toliet and sink.", "The bathroom is clean and ready to use. ", "a small ass bathroom with a sink and toilet ", "a small bathroom with a toilet and sink in it ", "A small bathroom with tile floors and half tile walls."]
["We are looking at a small airline toilet.", "A compact sized bathroom with toilet and sink inside.", "A toilet and sink in the bathroom of an airplane.", "A bathroom toilet that has the seat down.", "This is a lavatory of an airplane.  "]
["A girl in the bathroom tying back her hair.", "A woman standing in front of a bathroom mirror wearing a sweater and panties.", "Long haired woman putting her hair up in a band.", "A young girl in her bathroom makes ponytail hair", "A woman stands in front of the mirror to do her hair."]
["A public bathroom stall with a toilet and trashcan.", "A picture of a bathroom that has a toilet.", "A toilet  with a trash can in a small tiled room", "A white toilet and trash can in a room.", "A bathroom with a toilet and blue tiled walls. "]
["A bathroom with both a toilet and a urinal in it.", "A bathroom with a toilet, tub, towels and a sink.", "A bathroom that has a be-day next to the toilet. ", "A bathroom with a toilet next to a bidet.", "A large bathroom has a bathtub, sink, and two toilets. "]
["A bathroom with a tub and his and her sinks.", "A modern hotel bathroom with double sinks and a deep bath", "A couple of white sinks and bath in a room.", "A bathroom with a sink, mirror, bathtub and light.", "The bathroom has two sinks with bowl basins."]
["A clean bathroom with blue tiles on wall and counter.", "A small bathroom with blue and orange tile.", "A toilet that is in a very nice bathroom.", "A bathroom with bright blue tiles, a bathtub, and a toilet.", "A small bathroom is tiled in various shades of blue."]
["A white toilet sitting next to a sink in a bathroom.", "White bathroom with a sink, toilet, garbage can and basket.", "A white bathroom with a trash can under the sink.", "A sink, toilet and trashcan in a bathroom.", "White sink next to a white toilet with a black seat"]
["A man walking a dog on a leash in a parking space.", "A girl examines her dog who is on a purple leash.", "The woman holds a black dog on a leash.", "Someone is in the photo not sure who that person is.\n", "A woman holding a dog on the road next to a train"]
["A man kneeling with his dog in the snow.", "A man kneeling by its dog on the snowy ground.", "A man pets his dog while squatting in deep snow.", "A man and a dog sitting in a street covered in deep snow.", "A man pets a dog while sitting in the snow."]
["A man with his pants around his ankles sitting on a toilet in a bathroom", "A man sitting on the toilet with his pants down.", "A person that is on the toilet by a dog.", "A man sits on the toilet, pants around his ankles, as a small dog relaxes nearby on a rug", "The man with glasses is sitting on the toilet in the bathroom."]
["A white toilet sitting next to a white sink in a bathroom.", "Inside of a bathroom with a sink, toilet and mirror.", "A view of a bathroom through a window pane.", "a bathroom with tiled floors and walls ", "A white toilet and a sink in a room."]
["A group of young people riding motorcycles down a street.", "Motor cycle and truck traffic in an oriental city", "There are people riding on motor bikes in the street", "A group of motorcycles ride behind a red truck.", "some motorcycle riders and some other people in the back of a red truck"]
["a black motorcycle sitting on the dirt road", "A motorcycle outside a very open area with tree.", "A black motorcycle with a large rusty chain.", "A bike parked outside with a chain attached to it.", "The motorcycle is parked and chained up outside.", "A motorcycle parked in a dirt parking lot."]
["An old toilet outside against an old painted wall.", "An old toilet with a rotten lid next to a rusted pipe.", "A toilet up against a brick wall of building next to a rusted pipe.", "A toilet attached to a red and white brick wall.", "A white toilet with a black lid sitting next to a wall."]
["A cat drinking out of a white toilet bowl.", "A cat perched on the edge of a toilet, drinking out of it.", "A animal that is leaning inside of a toilet.", "An animal that has its head in the toilet.", "A pet is drinking out of a toilet bowl."]
["An out house with the door opened sitting in a field.", "An outhouse sitting in the middle of a field.", "Portable toilet in a wooden box area of a field.", "there is a small out house that is made of wood", "A wooden outhouse sitting in the grass near trees."]
["Three urinals in a row in a bathroom.", "A set of three urinals mounted to a bathroom wall.", "A bathroom with three urinals and a tiled wall. ", "there are three urinals hanging on the wall in a public bathroom", "Three urinals in a men's public bathroom stall."]
["A large group of motorcycle riders collect in a parking lot. ", "A street full of motorcycles and their riders", "Several bikers are lined up in a parking lot.", "Motorcyclist meeting with one another before a ride.", "There is no picture or image sorry sorry"]
["A motorcycle parked on the side of a road.", "A view of the dashboard of a motorcycle. ", "a vintage photo of an inside of  motor cycle ", "A man taking a picture of the front of his motorcycle showing the dials and steering column.", "There is an odometer and a radio on the motor cycle. "]
["A blue motorcycle parked along the side of the road", "A motorcycle parked at the side of the road.", "A motorcycle parked along a road in front of a vineyard.", "a black and blue motorcycle is parked some grass and trees", "Blue motorcycle parked on pavement near winery sign."]
["A car parked on a lush green field.", "An old roadster has a wooden dash board.", "The interior of an antique car tagged with a numbered sticker.", "Antique green car near red car on grass.", "A vintage green car parked on a grassy lawn. "]
["A desk topped with a desktop computer monitor behind a keyboard.", "A computer with a keyboard is on a desk.", "A desk is organized with figurines beside the speaker.", "The desk is simple and so is the computer on it", "THERE IS A DESK TOP COMPUTER ON THE DESK"]
["A toilet in a bathroom with other bathroom accessories. ", "A toilet that has some visible piping that winds above it.", "this bathroom is small and has a beige toilet ", "Toilet with pipe and white walls with toilet paper roll", "A bathroom toilet with a unique flushing system."]
["A white toilet sitting next to a toilet paper roller in a bathroom.", "A childs potty next to a toilet bowl in a bathroom", "A small baby potty sits next to a regular sized toilet.", "A white bathroom with a toilet bowl below a frame.", "A bathroom is shown with an adult toilet beside a child's toilet."]
["a red motorcycle that is going down the road", "The man is riding his dirt bike on the street.", "Motorcycle racer going around a curve in the road.", "a person is riding a motorcycle in the street ", "A man on a red motorcycle during a race."]
["a desk with a banana a keyboard and a mouse", "A chair sitting in front of a desk with a computer on it.", "the desk is shaped to fit in a corner", "an office desk with a banana on top and chair pulled away", "A corner desk has a cutout for a chair."]
["A computer monitor sitting on top of a computer desk.", "A computer desk covered in items including plates, notepads, and sticky notes.", "A desk contains a computer and many other things.", "A computer desk cluttered with plates, monitors and paper.", "A computer desk holding dual monitors and office equipment."]
["A green bowl with two ripe bananas in it.", "The bananas are in the bowl on the counter.", "A pair of ripe bananas in a green bowl.", "Two bananas sit in a green bowl on a counter.", "Two ripe spotted bananas are sitting inside a green bowl on a gray counter."]
["A pristine doctors examining room waiting for the next patient.", "A view of a room inside a doctors office.", "A medical examination room with a bed for the patient and a stool for the doctor.", "a picture of a medical exam room with a bed and chair", "A doctors patient room with a bed next to a table with stuff on it."]
["A cluttered desk in an office cubicle near other cubicles.", "a desk with a keyboard and a monitor ", "The computer desk has books, a cell phone, and pictures on the cubicle walls. ", "A desk is shown with a modern desk chair.", "A cubicle with a computer on the desk."]
["A woman dressed in leather poses on a motorcycle.", "a person sitting on a motorcycle near a building", "A pretty lady sitting on top of a motorcycle.", "Woman in fringe jacket sitting atop a motorcycle.", "A woman wearing black leather sits on her motorcycle."]
["Two people standing next to a motorcycle on a brick path.", "A man and a woman walking down a sidewalk next to parked motorcycles.", "People walking past several motorcycles parked on a street.", "Man and a woman in sunglasses walking toward a parked motorcycle on the street.", "Many people walk close to motorcycles parked near a sidewalk."]
["A glass table with a laptop computer on top of it.", "A laptop and a keyboard on a desk.", "Laptop on a desk with windows overlooking buildings. ", "A laptop with a keyboard and mouse are on this desk.", "A glass computer desk with a laptop in front of some windows. "]
["Several motorcycles and cars parked on a city street.", "A row of bikes and mopeds with some under coverings.", "many motorcycles parked on a city street near the curb", "A row of parked motorcycles sitting next to a street.", "A bunch of bikes and motorcycles are parked on the side of a road."]
["A guy on a motorcycle riding down a street lined with motorcycles. ", "A man riding a motorcycle down a street.", "a number of people riding motorcycles on a city street", "A man rides his chopped motorcycle down the street at a motorcycle rally.", "A cyclist at a biking convention riding his bike."]
["A bunch of bananas hanging from a green tree.", "A bunch of bananas and leaves are pictured up close.", "A large bunch of bananas hanging from a tree.", "A banana tree with a bunch of bananas hanging from it", "an image of a plantation of bananas on vine"]
["a motorcycle that has some sticks on his back", "Manicuring Longbranch on motorcycle going down the road", "The man is riding his motorcycle carrying wood.", "A person carrying a bundle of tree limbs on a motorcycle.", "A man on a motorcycle carrying a bundle of long sticks."]
["A red motorcycle parked next to a woman sitting down.", "A woman is sitting in the grass next to her red bike.", "A woman sitting in a chair with a red motorized bike.\n", "An woman reading a pamphlet near a red bicycle", "A woman sits next to a vintage moped in the grass.  "]
["Man on blue and white motorcycle riding on one wheel. ", "A person on a motorcycle riding on the front wheel.", "A man riding on the back of a motorcycle.", "A man doing a trick on a racing motorcycle on one wheel.", "A person on a motor bike on a street."]
["a couple of fire trucks that are by a motorcycle", "Emergency vehicles arrive at the scene of a motorcycle accident.", "Emergency vehicles and gurney next to motorcycle laying on side. ", "a fire truck and ambulance at the scene of a motorcycle accident", "a motorcycle is turned on its side at an intersection"]
["A woman carrying a red purse filled with hot dogs.", "A person is holding a hot dog in a handbag.", "a woman in a black jacket has some food in her black bag", "Hot dog wrapped in paper towel in a purse.", "Hot dog with ketchup in paper wrapper inside a black bag."]
["A small black dog sitting in front of a TV.", "A black puppy watching TV at night time", "a small dog sits in front of a television ", "The dog is sitting and watching the large television.", "A dog sits on the floor looking at a television screen. "]
["A small black dog watching a flat screen TV.", "A dog jumps in front of a television in a living room.", "The small dog is jumping up towards the television.", "Black dog jumping up at big screen television.", "Black dog sitting in front of a television in a living room. "]
["A bar is shown with a tv and decorations.", "An eclectic bar lit with Christmas lights sports an old TV nestled with the bottles", "There is a small tv setting among lots of liquor bottles", "A bar filled with old bottles, a t.v., and lights, and other decor. ", "A small old fashioned television that is sitting on the back of a bar."]
["A small airplane sitting on top of an airport tarmac.", "Several airplanes are at an airport with a cloudy sky.", "a airplane that is parked on a runway with people loading in it.", "People boarding a small airplane at the airport. ", "A private airplane loading four passengers on a tarmac."]
["A plane travels through the clouds in the sky.", "A passenger jet that is flying in the clouds.", "a large air plane flying in the sky", "A plane flying high in a very cloudy sky", "A far view of a plane in a cloudy sky."]
["An airplane in the sky with a group of clouds behind it. ", "A plane is flying high in the very cloudy sky.", "The plane is flying through the blue sky", "A plane high up in the cloudy sky.", "an air plane flying in the air with a sky background "]
["An airport is mainly empty concrete parking with other planes far in the distance.", "A group of jetliners sitting on top of an airport tarmac.", "Three planes sitting parked next to each other at an airport.", "Some large white airplanes on a open runway.", "Three airplanes are parked on a dry runway beneath blue skies."]
["A man is plowing the field in preparation.", "A tractor that is driving over some farmland. ", "A tractor on a field and a airplane in the sky.", "A tractor works on a farm next to a road.", "A farmland with a vehicle working on the land. "]
["People on a boat looking at a plane in the water.", "A man and woman are riding a speedboat near a plane that is landed in the water.", "Woman on boat taking photo of a plane. ", "A motor boat driving next to a Coulson flying tanker plane that has landed in the water.", "a boat with some people and a red and white plane"]
["The exterior of an airport with some planes.", "Sunrise on an airport tarmac with a plane at the boarding ramp.", "An airplane tarmac with planes and trucks at sunset.", "An airport and parking lot scene shows the sun at horizon.", "The tarmac has several jets and vehicles at sunset."]
["An airplane sitting in front of a group of people.", "a white jet and some people are walking around it ", "A plane on the runway with several people around it.", "Airplane at airport terminal getting ready to arrive or depart.", "The airplane is at the gate at an airport."]
["Three sheep in a field of grass near a steep hill.", "some white sheep on the ground grazing on grass", "The mother watch as her babies graze in the green valley.", "A ewe and two lambs graze on grass on a hill.", "A large sheep is standing in the grass with two small sheep."]
["a black and white photo of a male sitting on a bench", "Man sitting on bench outside of stone walled building with iron fencing.", "A man with a baseball cap is sitting on a bench.", "A man relaxes in a bench in front of a stone walled building.", "Young man and his backpack resting on a bench in front of a building."]
["Photo of airplane wing as the plane flies in the blue sky.", "An airplane's wing is gliding over a mountain.", "A view from inside of an airplane showing the wing and some mountains.", "The wing of an airplane with mountains in the background.", "The view from the seat of a plane in flight."]
["A sign is displayed next to piles of sand.", "Dirt field with sign \"Grand National Blvd\" with cars passing by", "A street sign where there is currently construction.", "A sandy road construction site by a main thoroughfare", "Some cars are driving by a construction site."]
["Road construction and street signs in Cape Town, SA", "A STREET SIGN ON THE SIDE OF THE ROAD", "A construction area with a road sign for the near street.", "A street sign in a construction area pointing to Royal ascot and Milnerton Ridge", "a white black and green sign a street and some buildings"]
["A red light that is on a pole.", "Here is a traffic light on a busy city street.", "A lot of cars stopped at a red stop light on a busy street.", "Railway crossing lights stop traffic at a city intersection", "The cars are waiting at the stop light on the street."]
["A giraffe bust hanging by a Rain Forest Cafe Sign.", "a forest like place to go and eat food", "A large giraffe standing in the middle of a Rainforest Cafe.", "A fake giraffe standing beside a bunch of trees.", "A fake giraffe that is hanging on the side of a wall."]
["A bench sits along the side of a lake.", "A picture of a bench outside by the water.", "A bench sits by a lake in the sunset.", "A park bench sits conveniently for any passerby to sit on. ", "The back of a bench with a body of water in the background."]
["A Spirit airplane takes off in to the air.", "Airplane low in the area near an air traffic control tower.", "A plane takes off from a rainy runway.", "An airplane that just took off in the air.", "A gray airplane flies in the gray sky."]
["A large jetliner taking off from an airport runway.", "A blue and red airplane is about to take off.", "A plane is just lifting off the runway.", "A Southwest jumbo jet airplane taking off from a runway.", "A Southwest Airlines plane takes off from a runway."]
["An empty side walk with in a city", "A sunny day in a neighborhood next to auto shops. ", "A sidewalk with a auto service building and a bridge in the background.", "An empty sidewalk next to an empty street.", "The view of an empty sidewalk on a pretty day"]
["A car parked before a red traffic light.", "A car stopped at a red traffic light", "A car stopped at a red stop light.", "A car stopped at a traffic signal at University Ave.", "The car is stopped because the traffic light is red. "]
["A narrow, one-lane street and a stoplight by a low wall", "A view of a stoplight by a road in the day.", "A road with a traffic light next to a bush and a house.", "A picture of a view of a cozy village in the background.", "Long green hills sitting in the background of a city road. "]
["A city with lots of tall buildings and a gash station.", "A bunch of cars that are sitting in the street.", "Cars are stopped at a stop light near a gas station. ", "A busy city intersection under a blue sky.", "an intersection with cars stopped at the traffic light"]
["The lower half of a very tall giraffe in a grassy area.", "The long legs of a giraffe are casting a shadow.", "A giraffes legs on a grassy dry ground.", "This giraffe is walking by dry grass and trees.", "The bottom hal of a giraffe with one leg bent"]
["A couple of giraffe standing on top of a grass covered field.", "Two giraffes standing by trees look at the camera.\n", "Two giraffes standing in grass and bushes looking at the camera.", "There are two giraffes standing in a wooded area.", "Two giraffes are in a field with trees on a sunny day."]
["a stop light with multiple lights around it", "Traffic and pedestrian signals mounted below wires and poles.", "A bunch of stoplights hanging from a wire.", "Traffic lights at minter section with elaborate markings,", "A traffic and pedestrian crossing signal hangs among power lines."]
["A power tool sitting on a wooden table next to a knife.", "a bench grinder box and a carving tool", "A gift wrapped with a ribbon sits on a table with a knife.", "Box for 6\" Bench Grinder sitting next to a knife.", "a knife sitting on a table next to boxes of machinery"]
["A piece of cake sits on the paper plate", "an extreme close up of a cake on a paper plate", "Slice of dessert items served on plate with fork.", "A piece of cake on a plate with a fork in it. ", "A piece of cake sitting on top of a white plate."]
["An empty brown bench standing in a field next to a wooded area.", "A bench surrounded by the trees and grass.", "a bench sitting in a grassy field with trees in the background", "a bench made of sheet on the bush", "A wooden bench sitting on top of a grass covered field."]
["A large herd of sheep sit huddled together.", "A flock of sheep all against each other.", "A herd of sheep standing on top of each other.", "The bunch of sheep have coats that are ready for sheering.", "A group of llamas are huddled very closely together"]
["Picnic tables on the shore of an ocean ", "A row of wooden benches sitting on a beach.", "three picnic tables next to a large body water", "Picnic tables on the bank of the ocean.", "Parks benches sit on the leaf covered ground overlooking the water."]
["An older man standing over a herd of sheep.", "Man standing overtop of a long series of white sheep. ", "A man is tending to his sheep in their pens.", "Sheep are confined in small compartments on a farm.", "A man leaning over a pen full of sheep."]
["A girl and boy are sitting together on a bench", "Two children sitting on a red bench on a sidewalk.", "Two children are sitting on a raspberry colored bench. ", "Young girls sitting outside on a red wooden bench.", "Children are sitting on a red park bench"]
["Large giraffe sticking its neck out in an open field. ", "there is a very tall giraffe that can be seen from the ground", "A giraffe's head and neck are only visable.", "Adult giraffe with a clear blue sky behind. ", "a long necked giraffe raises its head in the sky "]
["An adult and baby giraffe walking through a field.", "Both an adult and young giraffe walking in a field.", "a big giraffe walks with a baby giraffe ", "A tall giraffe is followed by a small giraffe in brown grass.", "An adult and a baby giraffe stand gazing over a grassland. "]
["A couple of giraffe standing in a forest.", "Two giraffes stand tall in the middle of their habitat.", "two giraffes are walking together in the open field", "Two giraffes are standing side by side in a field. ", "Two giraffes standing side by side on a dirt surface"]
["Benches on a beach being washed over by waves.", "the ocean tide is surrounding a picnic table", "A yellow bench in the water as the waves roll in.", "A yellow bench sitting on top of a sandy beach.", "The bench on the beach is getting hit with the waves of the water."]
["A giraffe in a grassy field near a hill.", "a giraffe in a field with many bushes near by", "A giraffe is standing in tall grass near a hill.", "A giraffe is standing in low brush at the bottom of a rocky outcrop.", "A giraffe's profile against a blue sky beside a large hill."]
["A group of various farm animals together in front of a barn.", "A herd of animals standing in some hay.", "Llama standing beside sheep outside a barn together. ", "A llama and sheep in a straw-filled enclosure", "An animal pen containing sheep, goats and llamas."]
["A giraffe standing in its zoo enclosure on a sunny day", "A giraffe is standing next to a chain link fence.", "A giraffe at the zoo in an enclosure ", "a giraffe in an enclosure at an animal park.", "The giraffe is standing by itself by the gate."]
["Giraffes leaning down to scratch faces in their zoo enclosure", "The giraffes and other animals stand in front of the building.", "two giraffes and some other brown and white animals", "a number of animals with a building in the background", "two giraffes getting ready to fight with each other"]
["Pair of scantily clad adults resting on red benches across of city skyline.", "A woman and man laying on top of a bench in front of a city.", "Jogging couple resting on benches at the pier across the city view", "Two joggers rest on a boardwalk bench across the river from a city.", "Two people in running attire rest on long benches."]
["A man standing on a roof holding an ax.", "A construction worker smashes away at the roof of a building.", "A man using a sledgehammer on the roof of a building.", "A building under construction in the background with a streetlight in the foreground.", "A man is on top of a roof hitting something with a hammer."]
["Vehicles parked under a tree in a small yard.", "The bus is parked by the tree outside.", "a bus that has a bike next to it and a tree", "An old bus parked near a tree and fence. ", "A transit bus with a small half trailer sitting in a driveway."]
["A long blue and white train traveling down a street.", "two blue and white trains buildings and some wires", "Two blue and white urban trains in a European city.", "A train is traveling down a road with buildings.", "two trains pass each other on tracks in a city"]
["A traffic light next to a street light below a tall building.", "A person fixing a street light in a cherry picker", "A crane fixing a street light next to buildings.", "A security camera, traffic lights and power lines with sky in the background.", "Looking up at a man in a cherry picker fixing a street light"]
["a wooden bench with some yellow and green leaves ", "A few of a bench that is covered in grass and dirt.", "A bench covered with leaves near a fence.", "A bench with a lot of leaves over and under it.", "The side of a wood structure with a bench and the ground filled with leaves. "]
["A white van parked in front of a tall brown brick building.", "a white van with some writing on the side of it sitting on the side of the road ", "A coffee shop and salon are on the street level of the brick building", "Service ban parked on side of retail street.", "A quiet city street reflecting an early morning."]
["The green and beige double decker bus is parked beside a brick building. ", "A two level bus driving next to a building.", "A double decker bus parked in a courtyard next to a building.", "a tall green bus is on the road", "a double stacked passenger bus parked outside a building"]
["A shiny antique bus coming though a gate by a brick building", "The old time bus drives through a metal gate.", "a public transit bus on a road near a building", "The old bus is parked on the side of the building. ", "A very unusual looking bus is parked in the back "]
["A bicyclist is riding past a bus that is parked. ", "A city bus is parked at the bus stop", "a big yellow bus that is going down the road", "City bus going down the street in an urban setting", "A very long and bright colored city bus on the street."]
["A long yellow bus advertising a musical play", "A yellow bus with a lion king ad on it.", "A large yellow bus with pictures of people in lion costumes and the words \"The Lion King\" on it.", "A bus is covered in an advertisement for a Broadway show.", "A bus with advertisement painted on the side."]
["A fire hydrant is next to a sign with a picture of a fire hydrant on it. ", "A special sign calls attention to a partially enclosed fire hydrant.", "A hydrant sitting in a bed of white flowers", "Fire hydrant marked by a sign sitting in front of a cobblestone wall. ", "A fire hydrant next to a sign of a fire hydrant. "]
["A small her of sheep gathered on a lawn in front of a large building in the city.", "A herd of sheep grazing on a grass field in front of a building.", "Several Sheep grazing in a park in the city", "The sheep graze and eat in a city field.", "A herd of sheep grazing across the street from a large building"]
["A herd of sheep that are grazing on some grass.", " couple of sheep are on the other side of the fence", "The sheep are in a field behind a fence near a large poster.", "A bunch of animals that are standing in the grass.", "A lush green field full of grazing sheep."]
["A boy is laying on a bench in a park.", "The young boy is looking intently into the camera.", "a boy sitting on a bench at the park", "A little boy is lying on a bench in a park.", "A young boy laying on top of a bench next to a tree."]
["The three green buses are parked next to each other.", "three green buses parked side by side in a lot", "Three green buses parked in a row in a lot.", "Old, green buses sit side by side in a parking lot.", "Two green buses in London that are clean and shiny."]
["A picture of a red bus waiting for passengers.", "That has to be the brightest red I have ever seen on the bus.", "A bus that is parked in a lot next to another bus.", "A bus is empty because all of the passengers just got off board.", "A red bus parked next to another bus."]
["A female sheep with her two young lambs.", "Two baby calfs standing beside a large cow.", "A big goat standing near two very cute baby goats.", "An adult lamb is flanked by two young lambs.", "A sheep and two lambs standing in hay."]
["Several lambs and sheep standing on hay and eating it.", "Some animals are grazing on some food on the farm. ", "Many adult sheep eat grass near baby lambs.", "A group of animals standing on top of a dry grass field.", "A brown lamb looking up as other sheep eat hay in a field."]
["People sitting on a bench watching a soccer game.", "Athletes sitting on bench at sideline during game.", "Players sit on the bench and watch a soccer game.", "Three young men sit on a bench watching their teammates.", "Players sit on the bench as their teammates play soccer"]
["A bird is standing on top of a picnic table next to some trees.", "A bird sitting on a picnic table in the park.", "The bird is sitting on the picnic table in the middle of the grass.", "A bird sits on the picnic table at the park.", "A picnic table in a park with a bird sitting on it."]
["Two tall giraffes eating while in a zoo.", "Some giraffes are standing in the open ground. ", "Two giraffes near a tree with a cage around it.", "Two giraffes interacting with each other behind a small fence.", "2  large giraffes eating from a gated tree"]
["A herd of sheep walking through a grass covered field.", "A herd of sheep roam in the grass.", "A heard of sheep and rams roaming a pasture", "A herd of sheep and rams walking through a field.", "a large group of sheep in a pasture"]
["A black and white photograph of a woman taking care of a child on a park bench.", "A woman that is sitting down with a baby.", "A woman sits on a bench while holding a young baby.", "a young woman sits on a bench with a small child", "A lady is sitting on a bench and she is holding a baby."]
["A fire hydrant is painted to look like a dalmation", "a red and white fire hydran out on a road", "There is an image of a fire hydrant with dalmatian spots.", "A white and red fire hydrant made to look like a dalmatian dog.", "A fire hydrant is painted to resemble a dalmatian."]
["a long wooden dock having a bench and some people on it", "A black and white photo of a wooden pier.", "This is a great scene of people enjoying their life time.\n", "The man is sitting on a huge bench on a board walk. ", "A wooden bench sitting on top of a pier."]
["A tall green and yellow double decker bus traveling down a street.", "A military style double decker bus makes its way through a tented area.", "A double decker safari bus driving through what appears to be a festival.", "An old green two level bus on a narrow street.", "a double decker bus going down a road beside some stands "]
["A yellow fire hydrant sitting in a patch of green grass.", "a yellow fire hydrant sitting in the grass on a yard.", "The yellow fire hydrant is in tall grass near water.", "a yellow fire hydrant with a blue star", "Yellow fire hydrant surrounded by grass with graffiti on it"]
["a green bus from a foreign country coming down the road", "A large green truck on a open road.", "A vehicle driving down a road near a hill.", "An old-fashioned green and yellow bus is driving a scenic route on a narrow road.", "there is a bus driving down a road near a mountain"]
["A trash can is sitting next to a lowered curb.", "The yellow fire hydrant is on the sidewalk.", "An empty sidewalk with yellow guides on the ground for visually impaired people.", "The pavement has a yellow block of raised dots to remind you to slow down. ", "A fire hydrants and some potted plants sitting on the side of a road where cars are driving."]
["A metro bus approaches an intersection where a traffic cop is directing traffic.", "a person walking on a street with a public transit bus ", "A police officer crossing a crosswalk as a bus approaches.", "A bus approaching a checkpoint or cross walk ", "An officer is crossing the street with a bus approaching."]
["A green double decker bus pulling into a parking lot.", "a big green bus that is parked next to a building", "A green double-decker bus passing a construction site.", "A double decker bus drives down the street.", "A green double deck tour bus riding through a small street."]
["There is a green bus on a narrow street", "There is a green bus stopped next to a brick building.", "A green Special Service bus is making it's way through the gate. ", "A green bus moving along a road during the day.", "A bus driver maneuvers his bus down a narrow roadway"]
["The men are working on the yellow fire hydrant. ", "A group of construction workers in safety gear gathered around a fire hydrant.", "a number of people near a fire hydrant", "Two maintenance workers of some sort doing some maintenance work.", "Four workers stand around a fire hydrant talking."]
["a group of giraffes that are inside the fence", "Several giraffes standing by a gate at the zoo.", "Several giraffes in an enclosure walking along the fence row toward some trees.", "a couple of giraffes are behind a fence", "A couple of giraffes are lined up by a fence."]
["Red and yellow fire hydrant with the lid off.", "A fire hydrant along the sidewalk has its cap off.", "A red and yellow fire hydrant with the lid taken off.", "A red fireplug has one cap removed that is connected on a chain.", "A red fire hydrant sitting on a sidewalk with it's cap off."]
["A large blue and white bus parked on the road.", "A bus parked in the parking lot near a building.", "A British Airways bus that is at the London Bus Museum. ", "A blue and white bus is parker by a museum.", "A blue and white British Airways bus resting at the London Bus Museum."]
["A bus driver watching a herd of sheep blocking a road.", "a car is blocked by a big herd of sheep ", "The sheep are waiting to be herded by the shepherd.", "A group of sheep that are in the street.", "A large flock of sheep block the road in front of a bus."]
["A giraffe walking through a lush green field.", "A giraffe in a grass enclosure surrounded  by stone walls.", "A giraffe walking through the grass towards a wall.", "A giraffe stands in a stone enclosure at an animal park. ", "a giraffe walking in a green field with stone walls."]
["A minimally furnished room shows small window pairs with blinds and no curtains, an unmade  double bed with a heavy, taupe duvet, and a white border near the ceiling  with colorful birds trailing in both directions.  ", "A messy bed sits next to some open windows.  ", "Yellow and white bedroom with unmade bed in center.", "A blanket and pillows that are on a bed.", "a giant bed sitting in the corner of a room."]
["Sea faring bird flapping wings while standing on wooden railing at beach.", "A seagull with it's wings spread open near a beach. ", "A black and white seagull flying through the air.", "A seagull with it's wings extended near a body of water.", "a white and grey bird is near the ocean."]
["a close up of a person and a sheep", "A woman ending over to kiss a sheep in a  metal pen.", "A woman bends down to kiss a woolly sheep.", "A girl bending over a sheep to give it a hug and kiss.", "A woman in blue and yellow jacket placing face next to a sheep."]
["A young giraffe peers inquisitively at the photographer.", "Two giraffes standing and looking at the camera", "two giraffes looking at the camera at a zoo", "two giraffes walking among the grass and sand", "Two giraffes stand in the sunlight, one on the grass."]
["One giraffe laying by a rock while another giraffe looks on.", "Giraffes walking on green grass in a zoo.", "There are giraffes standing in a grassy plain", "There are two giraffes n the wild next to trees.", "Some giraffes stand in a field next to some trees. "]
["a bird  with a long beak flying low over the ocean.", "A water bird flies in front of an ocean backdrop.", "a bird flying across some water at the beach", "A bird that is flying by the ocean.", "A bird flying over the ocean in front of a wave."]
["A lot if birds are standing at the beach shore", "A black and white photo of birds walking on the beach.", "A flock of birds walking down the beach\n", "Delicate birds walking on sand near the ocean.", "Small birds are walking along the waters edge."]
["A baby giraffe drinking milk from it's parent.", "a baby giraffe if feeding from it's mother", "A baby giraffe laying in the grass while feeding off the mother. ", "a baby giraffe has its head under its mother", "A baby giraffe that is under an adult giraffe."]
["There are two cars on the road at this intersection.", "A city street with cars and a clock mounted on a building", "a street some cars a traffic light and different signs", "A 1960s-era street scene with vintage cars and billboards.", "there is a street sigh next to the traffic light"]
["A large AMOCO sign above a sidewalk next to a street.", "Old time phone of an American Amoco Gas station and sign.", "A vintage gas station sign bearing the words American hangs on the side of a street curb.", "A gas sign on an old fashioned street.", "An Amoco gas sign is in an old fashioned picture."]
["A tall giraffe standing next to a Barron tree in a forest.", "A large giraffe hiding its head behind a bare tree", "a giraffe nibbling from an almost bare tree", "A giraffe in the wild sticking its head into a leafless tree.", "A giraffe pushes his head against some bare branches."]
["a screen shot of a televised new weather report", "The weatherman is reporting about the strong hurricane.\n", "A TV is tuned into the local weather forecast.", "A man holds his hat during a newscast.", "a tv showing a broadcast from the weather channel"]
["A man wearing a hat sitting on top of a boat.", "A man on a boat wearing sunglasses and a hat.", "a person sitting on a boat in a body of water", "An older man is sitting on the bow of a boat at sea.", "A man with a hat is sitting on a boat in the water."]
["some yellow signs attached to a building wall ", "A town street has a sign posted regarding large trucks.", "Yellow street signs next to a stone building.", "Two street signs on a pole that is on the side of a building. ", "Corner of intersection of building with foreign language sign."]
["big city with tall buildings and lots of people on the street", "A truck and a van are driving while people are walking. ", "A BUSY STREET OF PEOPLE SURROUNDED BY BIG BUILDINGS.", "Some people are walking down the street with some buildings in the background.", "A busy city street filled with walking people"]
["A blue bird is sitting on a wooden post.", "a small bird on a wooden hand rail", "A blue bird sitting on a wooden post.", "One small blue bird standing still on top of a wooden post.", "The white and blue bird is standing on a wooden post."]
["A train with bright lights on it under utility wires.", "Beams of light radiate from the front of a train zipping along at dusk. ", "A train moving down the tracks to cross a railroad crossing.", "A locomotive coming to a train crossing at night.", "Black train driving down a track under power lines."]
["Small bed with chair in rail car cabin.", "there is a small bed inside of a very small room", "A small bedroom with a bed and window.", "A bed that is in a room with a white sheet.", "a photo of a bed with white sheets on a boat"]
["A man standing next to a train going through grand central station", "A PICTURE OF A TRAIN RIDING DOWN THE TRAIN TRACKS ", "A train sitting parked in a station near a platform.", "a train stopped in a station with a woman walking beside it", "A covered train station with a passenger train parked next to the platform and a person walking on the platform."]
["A train sitting inside of a train station near a loading platform.", "a long train that is on a train track", "This is a picture of train at a train station.", "A Grand Central train parked on the tracks", "a commuter train stopped inside the train station"]
["a train sits on a railroad track as a metal awning covers it", "A train is stopping at a train stop in a subway.", "A train sitting at a train station on train tracks.", "A tram exiting the station with headlights on.", "A railroad train passing underneath an under pass."]
["A passenger train that is leaving from the station.", "A bullet train pulling out of a station stop. ", "A train stopped at a covered train station.", "A train on a track leaving the station.", "a red train docked in the train station"]
["A large white boat traveling under a bridge.", "this is a boat going under a bridge", "A large boat sailing under a large rusty bridge.", "A boat traveling under a bridge, in the water.", "A bridge overpass that has a large passenger boat traveling under the bridge in the water."]
["Woman holding a purse and walking a dog passing in front of a big building. ", "A woman wearing vintage clothing walking a large dog.", "an image of a woman walking a dog past a hotel", "Lady walking a Great Dane in front of a hotel lobby with door man looking on.", "A beautiful young lady walking a black and white dog past a hotel."]
["a train that is on some kind of tracks", "a train on a track near a building ", "A freight train rolling through a train yard.", "A train is moving along a stretch of track.", "This is a train with multiple colored boxes on a track."]
["A cloudy sky , red traffic lights and power lines", "The E Cypress Creek street sign over a red stoplight", "Traffic light and a street sign on a medal pole.", "Street sign with multiple directions on it on a busy city street. ", "A view of a stop light that has turned red."]
["This train car features a variety of colors and carries passengers.", "Two train cars that run on electricity are standing still outside a building.", "Locomotive of commuter train on track outside of station.", "a train sits parked on some tracks next to a building ", "a train that is on a train train track"]
["A red train traveling through a rural countryside.", "a train is coming down on the tracks", "a diesel train on a train track in the snow", "A large locomotive engine is traveling through a landscape that includes snow and bare trees.", "A locomotive travelling down the railroad tracks in Winter."]
["A bird that is sitting on a branch.", "a small bird is standing on a branch", "A small bird perched on a fir tree", "A beautiful black, white and blue bird sitting on a branch.", "A small bird rests on a tree branch near pine needles."]
["A train coming down the tracks in a city. ", "A subway train that is yellow and white going down the rails. ", "this is a silver train riding the rails", "a train that is next to a big building", "A train on the tracks going by a building."]
["A man standing on the side of a road holding a protest.", "People are holding up handwritten signs near passing cars. ", "Protesters hold up signs next to a busy street.", "Protestors standing on a street corner holding signs as cars pass by.", "The people are holding protest signs on the side of the road."]
["A street sign with the words Manuel and Idalgo on it.", "Brown Street sign sitting beneath powerlines during the day. ", "Two street signs sitting on top of each other on a metal pole.", "The two signs show people where to proceed.", "a pole with a street sign on it "]
["a group of light resting on a post with a street sign on it", "A street sign sits on the pole with traffic signals.", "A traffic light on a pole with a traffic sign on it. ", "A stoplight with a streetcar warning sign on it ", "Traffic signal with warning sign to watch for traffic"]
["This is a train on  the track with people ready to board", "A train engine carrying carts down a track to a station.", "A train on the tracks is parked while people board.", "A train on the rail line as people board it", "a train parked at a platform while people wait to get on it "]
["Two trains traveling down a street lined with tall buildings.", "a tram that is driving on a city street", "Blue and white electric train running through an older looking city.", "Some large vehicles on a wide street near big buildings.", "A blue and white trolley traveling down the street"]
["A white passenger train traveling down train tracks.", "Sleek train that is parked at the station", "A train is parked under a roof next to a building.", "White passenger train sitting still at a train station. ", "bullet train parked at the station under a roof"]
["A long red and white train going down the track", "The train is stopped at one of the main stops.", "A secluded train station with a cart stall next to the train.", "A landscape photo of a train in a train station.", "A white and red subway sits at a covered station."]
["An indoor train platform and tracks with a passenger train pulled up next to the platform.", "THERE IS A TRAIN ON THE TRACKS OF THE SUBWAY", "A public transit train at a train station.", "A commuter train that is oarked in a station. ", "A long silver train sitting inside of a train station."]
["Red wrong way sign in front of a church", "Ironic photo of \"wrong way\" sign in front of a chapel.", "A Wrong Way sign in the foreground of a church steeple. ", "A street sign on a pole, in front of a church.", "A wrong way street sign on a post in front of a church."]
["A man carrying a suitcase and a bag at a train station.", "A man pulls a suitcase next to a train.", "A black-and-white photo of a man rolling a suitcase at a train station.", "A man about to board a train is carrying his luggage.", "A man is walking with luggage alongside a train at a train station."]
["There is a lot of graffiti on the train cart", "Railway box car painted with graffiti on track near green space.", "Graffiti is on the side of a train car. ", "A graffiti covered train traveling past lots of trees.", "a train with grafitti sitting on the tracks"]
["A person holding birds in an aquarium full of spectators.", "A man is holding two large birds by the tank.", "A girl showing parrots to a group of children", "A man holding a number of parrots next to a water tank.", "A woman is holding two parrots in her hands."]
["A picture of an outdoor area that looks great.\n\n", "An old steam engine train has been reconditioned.", "There is a train that is on the tracks", "The train engine is stopped on the tracks.", "A train traveling down tracks next to a loading area."]
["A locomotive train sitting on display at a museum.", "An old locomotive parked beside a building.on display.", "Up close shot of a powerful locomotive on display", "A large black train engine sitting next to a brick building.", "An antique locomotive steam engine on display at a museum."]
["Bird perched on a high branch in a tree", "An animal is sitting in the branch of a tree. ", "Bird sits on bare branch of tree in forest.", "a bird relaxing in a nest of branches ", "A bird that is sitting in a tree."]
["Small bird standing on rope near open ocean.", "a bird perched on top of a white rope near the ocean.", "A bird sitting on a rope near the ocean. ", "A bird that is perched on a rope.", "there is a small black bird sitting on a rope"]
["The man is holding a large bird outside. ", "A man holding a bird inside a sanctuary ", "A man wearing a brown hat and a uniform shirt is holding a cockatoo upside down.", "A man is holding a white bird on his arm.", "A bird trainer showing an audience a wild bird."]
["A white and black bird perched on a wooden fence rail.", "A small bird standing on a wooden rail.", "A bird is perched on a wooden rail on the dock.", "A seagull standing on a wooden beam with something red in it's beak. ", "a bird perched on a wood rail by itself"]
["A train traveling along a rocky mountain side.", "there is a very small train coming along the tracks", "train on tracks in the middle of rocky landscape", "A small train car is on tracks on a hillside.", "A train drives down a narrow track by a rocky mountain."]
["an image of a train that is going down the tracks", "Some people are standing on rocks with a railroad. ", "A train moving along a track on a hill during the day.", "A train traveling on a small rocky path down a hill.", "A single train car passing tracks on a hill."]
["A cake made to look like a white pimp hat.", "A cowboy hat and a blue ribbon award.", "Someone has won a first place ribbon in baking.", "First Prize blue ribbon for a elaborate cowboy hat cake", "A sheriff hat is on a table with a blue ribbon and a bandana."]
["A street sign in front of a tall building with lots of windows.", "A street sign placed very close to some windows on a building.", "SIGNS ON A STREET CORNER IN FRONT OF A GREEN BUILDING", "There are street signs on a pole near a building.", "A pole holding various street signs in from of a building."]
["A pair of trains parked at a station.", "A train in the train station resting. ", "Two trains are side by side on tracks in an empty waiting area.", "Two trains sit next to each other in the station. ", "A group of trains that are on the tracks."]
["A close up of the back of a stop sign and two street names.", "A two way street sign on top of a stop sign.", "A stop sign at the intersection of two streets.", "A view of three street signs on the same pole. ", "Green and white street signs that read \"wattles ave\" and \"jono st.\""]
["A train runs down a track past run down buildings.", "A train on tracks between old brick buildings. ", "A large long train on a steel track.", "A train is coming down the track near old warehouses. ", "A train is riding through a subway track."]
["Commuter rail trains on tracks in large urban area.", "A public transportation vehicle that is making it's way down the street on tracks.", "A white train traveling down train tracks near a tall building.", "An electric tram passes another as it moves through a city.", "City transit tram moving through the middle of the street."]
["Lit traffic signs are displaying words regarding different roads.", "A traffic light next to a sign depicting several directions.", "A pole with many signs near a traffic light.", "Some signs lit up by a street light", "there are many electronic signs shooing directions here"]
["A red and gray passenger train traveling on train tracks.", "A train with the number 2 on the train doors and standing on a track.", "The red train travels along the railroad tracks.", "A red speeding train in the middle of a rail track.", "A red and black train on some train tracks."]
["A red, black and silver locomotive sitting on a railroad track.", "Red and grey train with orange stripe on tracks.", "A red and black train riding next to a road.", "A red train rests on train tracks. ", "a red and black train on top of a train track next to the street"]
["a train on a track near a street ", "A red train sitting in a train station under a blue sky.", "a red and black passenger train sitting on the track", "A red Railjet is on the track on a clear day.", "A red bullet style train moving through town near a city street."]
["a car is driving down a busy street", "Picture from inside the front seat of a car driving down a highway.", "A view from inside a car looking down a highway.", "a green white yellow and black sign and some cars", "A view of traffic ahead from inside a car."]
["A train coming on the tracks  on a sunny day ", "A train that is on the tracks sitting next to another train.", "A freight train is coming around the corner.", "A train engine thats passing by a couple of other train cars on another track.", "There is a train sitting on the tracks. "]
["A train traveling down tracks next to a power grid.", "A train engine carrying carts down a track.", "A passenger plane that is traveling on some tracks.", "a parked train sits on some old train tracks ", "A train is on the move at a train station"]
["A train sits on a train track against a shrub", "A train stopped on the train tracks outside.", "The car at the end of the Norfolk Southern train is the caboose, and this one ", "there is a train on the rails and it has a red part", "a red train engine sitting on the tracks "]
["a close up of a street sign with trees in the background", "The street signs are clearly marked for us to see. ", "Blue, white and yellow street signs that read \"Euclid\" and \"Washington.\"", "Two street signs read \"Euclid St.\" and \"Washington Ave.\".", "Street signs to Euclid Street and Washington Ave."]
["A train that is on a track next to the trees.", "One orange train cart on an end of a train.", "Red train engine holding other cars to it. ", "An orange train compartment moves on the tracks.", "a train on the railroad near a forested area"]
["Blurry photograph of a commuter train coming in to a station", "A commuter train in Brussels pulls up to a terminal.", "A train approaches the station as passengers wait to board.", "A train going down the train track at the train station.", "A train pulling into a train station with waiting passengers."]
["A train traveling down tracks out in a rural country area.", "Several trains that are going down railroad tracks.", "A train is driving down the tracks near the bridge.", "Two trains approach one another going in the opposite direction. ", "A large long train on a steel track."]
["A train that is sitting on the tracks under wires.", "THERE IS A COMMUTER TRAIN THAT IS ON THE TRACKS", "A silver train traveling alongside of a loading platform.", "A high speed train sits in the sunlight of the train depot.", "An empty station with a train pulled into it."]
["People walk down the platform next to an Amtrak train.", "a red white and blue train and some people", "Some people are standing near the Amtrak tracks.", "A train sitting at a station next to a loading platform.", "People are standing outside on a platform near a train."]
["A train traveling down train tracks next to two buildings.", "A train in the distance is coming toward the camera.", "A train is coming up the tracks to the station.", "Black train arriving down the tracks at its station.", "A black railroad train approaching the train platform"]
["a red train is sitting on some tracks ", "A red train pulls into a covered station.", "A red train parked in a train station next to a loading platform.", "A train engine with carts attached sitting at a station.", "The locomotive of a commuter train with an advertisement in German."]
["A train pulling into a train station next to a tall building.", "A blue train stopped in a train station", "The Grand Central train parked at the train station.", "A train is parked on the train track at the train station.", "The Grand Central Railroad at the station, preparing for it's next trip"]
["black bullet train waiting at the station in outside terminal", "A passenger train pulling into a train station.", "A passenger train sits on the tracks in front of a building.", "A black streamlined train pulling into the station.", "A large covered train station with a bullet train parked."]
["A young boy admiring a toy railroad display.", "A toddler watches the cars of a toy train.", "A blonde boy looking at a miniature train.", "A kid hangs out outside with a toy train set.", "A young boy watching a model train display"]
["a fancy white train parked by the platform ", "A bullet train in a station with people sitting and waiting.", "A sleek silver train on the tracks at the station.", "A sleek modern train pulls up to a station where people are waiting.", "This is one of those speedy commuter trains."]
["A red train on tracks next to a building.", "A train going through a station during the day.", "A red train is on the tracks in the snow.", "A red train moves over snowy rail road tracks.", "a red train going down a track by a platform "]
["Colorful passenger cars are parked at an empty station.", "A passenger train sits by the platform in a station.", "A train is parked and waiting at a station.", "Two colorful trains are facing each other on a track.", "A blue and pink with purple train stopped at a train station."]
["Two traffic attached to a pole on a tree lined street.", "Two road signs contradicting each other on the side of a road. ", "A red stop sign hanging from a pole next to a street.", "a stop sign at a corner and a car approaching construction. ", "Road sign displayed on pole at roadway intersection."]
["A stop sign sits on a street that is lined with cars and a firetruck sits in the distance.", "A stop sign on a residential area has caring under the stop.", "A vandalized stop sign stands before a a busy street.", "The stop sign reads \"Stop Caring\" on it.", "A stop sign is shown on a street lined road."]
["A train with an advertisement for the website of the Dutch passenger railway company Nederlanse Spoorwegen.", "A train is on the tracks under a roof.", "An orange train is seen on the tracks in this photo.", "a long red passenger train sitting on the tracks ", "A red train is traveling undergroud on the tracks."]
["some kind of pole that has some writing on it", "a close up of graffiti on a parking meter ", "Street graffiti drawn on a parking meter on a bright day.", "A cartoon character drawn on a parking meter.", "a parking meter that has been drawn on"]
["A parking meter  in front of an over grown wall.", "Parking Meters outside an ivy covered stone\n wall.", "Two parking meters have the number four on them.", "Two money meters on a post next to a wall", "Two parking meters with the number four painted on them."]
["there is a yellow and silver train at the train station", "A train engine with carts behind it pulled into a station.", "A train is driving on the rails of a track. ", "A yellow and silver train is on a train track.", "A train traveling down tracks next to a building."]
["two yellow red and silver trains on their tracks ", "Two silver and yellow trains pulled into a station.", "Two trains  on the tracks at the train station.", "A photo of a train station with two trains on the tracks.", "A couple of large trains on a steel track."]
["A couple of trains traveling down the tracks.", "A train station with two electric trains on the tracks.", "Two trains are parked at the train station.", "A train pulls up to a station in a city.", "A yellow and brown train at a train station."]
["A red and yellow train car sitting in a train yard.", "A red train at a standstill, with apartment buildings in the background. ", "A red locomotive that approaches a red light. ", "an image of a red and yellow train at a station", "A red train engine sits on the tracks"]
["A parking meter sitting on the side of a sidewalk.", "a parking meter is covered in paint and designs", "A parking meter with silly string around it.", "A parking meter sprayed with silly string in a parking lot.", "a double coin meter that is next to a parking spot"]
["A parking meter for bikes on the curb side.", "A parking meter that remains as a courtesy to cyclists.", "A parking meter with a sign reading, \"Meter remains as a courtesy to cyclists\"", "A parking meter indicating a preference given to bicycles.", "A meter set as a courtesy to people who ride their bikes."]
["A yellow box truck with graffiti on its side.", "A yellow truck with graffiti painted on it.", "A medium sized yellow cargo trucked with graffiti spray painted on the side.", "Graffiti'ed yellow box truck sits on the lawn.", "A yellow medium size truck has graffiti on the side."]
["An old mattress near parked trucks in the grass", "A bent mattress sitting up against a white truck.", "An old mattress lying amidst overgrown brush and leaning against a fence.", "A truck and a bench in an open field", "a dirty mattress lying in an overgrown lot in front of a vandalized truck"]
["A fuzzy cat is sitting in a black purse.", "A cat sitting up against a black bag.", "A gray cat on top of a black purse.", "A close up of a gray cat sitting on a black purse.", "A grey striped cat sitting on top of a black purse."]
["Two cows and a puppy sitting in the grass.", "Some animals that are hanging out in the grass.", "A brown dog sitting near two black and white cows.", "Two cows stand behind a chained up dog.", "A puppy sits in the grass near two cows. "]
["Two green freight trucks parked on the side of the road.", "two trucks parked near each other on a road", "Two green farm trucks parked behind some buildings.", "Some green trucks are parked on the side of the road. ", "A pair of green trucks are parked beside each other."]
["A couple of people that are riding on horses.", "Two people on horseback ride behind a herd of cattle.", "Two women on horseback are driving a herd of cows.", "two females riding horses and taking cattle down a road", "A group of horses are being led by two men."]
["A cat examines a bag while standing on a suitcase.", "A cat standing on a suitcase and checking out people's bags", "A noisy cat is exploring a bag that he found on the floor.", "A cat standing on top of a piece of luggage.", "It looks like the cat is trying to open the luggage."]
["A cat laying on top of shoes on a floor.", "a brown and white cat is laying on a pile of shoes", "a cat laying on top of some shoes", "A cat resting on the ground on top of various shoes.", "A cat resting on the ground on a pile of shoes.", "a grey and white cat is sitting on some shoes"]
["A gray tiger striped cat sitting on a piece of blue luggage.", "A grey cat is lying on a blue suit case.", "A grey and black cat sitting on top of a blue suitcase.", "a close up of a cat on top of a bag on the ground", "A cat sitting on top of a carry-on bag."]
["A black cat laying on top of a brown piece of luggage.", "a black cat sitting on top of a black suitcase on a bed", "A black cat laying on a closed suitcase.", "A black cay laying on top of a suitcase. ", "A black cat looks at the camera while lying on a suitcase. "]
["A cat laying on suitcase with another cat standing behind it.", "Some dark colored cats climbing on stuff together.", "Black cat sitting on a suitcase near another black cat.", "A large black cat sitting on a black table or chair", "A cat is sitting on a suitcase and another cat is beside it."]
["A cat is laying inside a suitcase with a blue interior that is sitting on top of a bed", "A cat is relaxing in an open empty suitcase.", "A kitten is sitting in one of two open luggage cases on a bed.", "A cat laying down in a suitcase on top of a bed. ", "A cat sits on the inside of a suitcase."]
["Many cows are standing and lying on a bench.", "A group of cattle walking and resting on a beach.", "many different animals on a near beach near the water", "an image of a herd of cows on the beach", "A group of horses mill about on a beach."]
["a black cat is standing on a small desk", "A cat on a bed sticks its paw in a cup.", "A fat cat standing on a bed with its paw in a cup.", "A black cat in a bedroom playing with a cup of water. ", "A cat standing on a bed has its paw in a cup."]
["A cat licking drink out of a cup that is sitting on a table. ", "A man drinking from a glass on top of a night stand.", "A cat standing on a bed, dipping his hand into a cup.", "A curious black cat investigates the contents of a cup.", "A cat on a bed dipping his paw into a cup."]
["A cat drinking out of a cup on a  night stand.", "A cat is leaning over looking into a cup.", "A dog drinking out of a cup on a file cabinet.", "A cat dips its paws into a cup on a night stand.", "A black cat drinking out of a cup on a night stand."]
["A cat drinking water out of a white cup.", "A black cat pawing at a open cup.", "A black cat taking a drink out of a white cup.", "A cat drinking milk from a cup on a nightstand.", "A black and white cat reaching for a cup."]
["A cat looking inside of a green mug on a table.", "a gray and white cat and a green cup", "A cat stares into an empty cup held by a person.", "A cat looks in the open end of a cup. ", "A lovely cat have a cup to his face."]
["A cat on its back plays with a toy.", "A black cat rolling on it's back on top of a bed.", "a cat laying on its back with something around its neck", "Black cat sleeping on a comfortable looking bedspread.", "A cat laying on its back on a beg with a yellow object in its mouth."]
["Two black cats one sitting on a chair and one next to the chair.", "A black cat sitting on a wooden chair beside a stereo.", "A sitting on a chair in front of a television.", "a black cat with a white collar is sitting on a chair and another black cat on the floor", "A black cat sitting on a stool next to another cat on the floor."]
["A cat rolling around a chair on it's back.", "A striped cat is laying on a kitchen chair.", "A cat lays on its back on a chair cushion.", "a cat laying on its back on a chair", "A cat is laying on its back in a chair."]
["A black and white cat laying on top of a couch.", "A black and white cat is laying on the couch.", "A black and white cat sleeping with its head on top of a remote controller.", "A cat's head rests on a remote while it naps.", "Kitten resting on sofa with it's head laying on a remote control."]
["A cow with a blackened face and short horns looking down.", "A horned cow seems to be smiling in this portrait ", "A cow with sharp pointy horns chewing cud.", "A brown cow smiling while standing on a grass field.", "a cow with a black face is in a field"]
["A brown and white cow standing on a dirt road.", "A cow is standing on the side of a dirt road.", "A rural landscape with a dirt road and a cow standing on the roadside. ", "A brown and white cow on a dirt road in front of a fence. ", "A malnourished cow walking along a dirt road."]
["A green truck traveling down a road with a wooden flatbed.", "A green truck moving a long on a road.", "An old fashioned truck with wooden slatted back is stopped at the intersection.", "An old green truck driving on the street.", "An old green truck makes its way through town."]
["A cat that is standing up looking out of a window.", "An orange tabby looking out the bedroom window.", "A cat is looking out of the window.", "A cat sitting in front of a window on top of a window sill.", "A light colored cat sits in the window."]
["Two black cat sitting in front of a window facing the backyard. ", "Two black cats create bookends on the window sill.", "Two black cats on window pane staring out window.", "Two black cat's sitting on a window seal.", "A couple of black cats sitting on a window sill."]
["A cats tail sitting on to of a laptop computer on a desk.", "A laptop computer with a cat tail on it.", "A black cat's tail laying across a silver laptop.", "A cat sitting on a desk with tail wrapped around the front of a laptop.", "A cats tail on the key board of a laptop ."]
["A big brown cow with horns standing in a big grassy field", "A large brown cow standing on top of a grass field.", "This is a cow on a grassy plane with a mountain in the background.", "The cow was walking through the pasture near the hills.", "A cow standing in a grassy field near purple flowers."]
["A bull is cleaning its balls next to a rock.", "Two small brown bulls standing next to a building.", "A cow with its leg up so it can clean itself", "Two cows standing in dirt beside a building.", "A brown cow standing on top of a smaller brown cow next to a building."]
["A cat sits in a living room with a television in the background. ", "Cat staring at something behind him while sitting in front of tv.", "A cat of many colors is seen in front of a tv", "A cat sitting in front of a television and a door.", "A black, grey and white cat sitting by a television."]
["A cat lounges on top of a big TV.", "A cat lounges and rests its paws over the front of a TV set.", "A cat laying on top of a tv with its paws stretched out on it .", "a cat is sitting on top of a monitor and a persons foot", "A cat sits on the top of a TV screen."]
["A cat laying next to another cat in a piece of luggage.", "a cat lying in a open suitcase on a chair.", "Gray cat lying inside of suitcase on chair.", "a close up of some cats inside of an open bag of luggage", "A gray and white cat sitting in a black suitcase which is laying on a chair. "]
["A cat in a suitcase during a sunny day.", "The cat is taking a nap in the case.", "Two grey cats laying in an open black suitcase.", "Two grey cats sleeping in an open suitcase.", "Two cats sleep together in a open case. "]
["a ship sitting out on the ocean not moving", "The ship is docked next to a larger ship.", "A sailing ship is docked in the water.", "A large black and white boat floating in the ocean.", "A black and white boat anchored at a boat dock."]
["A laptop on a desk with a cat laying on it.", "a cat laying down on top of a computer ", "A cat that is laying down on a laptop.", "A cat sitting on a laptop keyboard on a desk.", "A cat lays on top of a laptop computer that is sitting on a desk."]
["Two guys on an orange rescue boat near land.", "A couple of men standing on top of an orange boat.", "A red tug boat pulling up to a rocky shoreline.", "A boat in a body of water pulling up to land.", "A red boat pulls up to a mossy shore"]
["A book is being held open by a person's hands.", "a person is reading a book near some water", "A person reading a book while on a ferry.", "A person reading a book on a ship near people.", "A person that is holding an open book."]
["two animals grazing in an open field next to some trees", "A couple of cows standing on top of a grass covered field.", "two animals walking and grazing  on a green grass field ", "The two horned yaks are grazing through the grass field.", "A couple of yak in their field eating some grass."]
["A herd of cattle grazes in a field near a tree.", "Several cows eating grass in a pasture by the trees.", "A herd of cattle grazing on lush green grass in a field next to a large tree.", "Five cows grazing in an open field next to a big tree.", "a number of cows and sheep in a large field of grass"]
["Two well dressed men amongst a group of people watching and carrying microphones.", "The gentleman is trying to fix his tie.", "A man is straightening his tie in an interview.", "People are standing with a man in suit and tie.", "Some nicely dressed men standing near some microphones."]
["A man with a tie standing by some umbrellas.", "The man is showing off his red tie.", "An old man in a suit showing off his tie.", "A man showing off his maroon neck tie", "An older man showing off his maroon tie."]
["a man wearing a red tie holding it up to show people.", "A man wearing a suit and maroon tie smiles at other people.", "A man is showing a tie emblem at an outdoor event.", "The older man is showing off the design on his tie. ", "a man showing off his tie to someone off camera "]
["A soldier standing in front of a table with bombs sitting on top of it.", "A man speaking to military man near a table", "Men in uniform standing by some missiles on a table", "The military officers stand next to bombs on display.", "a group of men standing around a display of assorted missles"]
["Businessmen listening to a military man speaking in a hangar", "A group of military men standing next to a telescope.", "Group of men in green uniforms and suits standing in a factory. ", "Nerds gather in the nasa meeting room ", "A group of men in suits talking with men in military uniforms."]
["Several men in suits and military gear standing near a table.", "Military personnel and men in suits looking at examples of missiles on a table.", "Men in uniforms and suits are looking at bomb-type weapons.", "There are men in suits and men in uniform looking at shells.", "A group of military men and men in suits observe examples of missiles."]
["two men standing by a display of military items ", "A man in military uniform and a man in a suit looking at some bullets shells that are in glass cases.", "a couple of men are in front of a table", "A soldier standing next to a business man in front of a display of bullets.", "a man standing wearing a suit and tie "]
["A group of people stand together and smile.", "A group of people standing next to each other near a building.", "Many people are posing for the camera outside. ", "A group of men and women posing for picture outside of a building, some in suits and some holding folders.", "A group of people posing for a picture outside of a building."]
["a woman in glasses and hat paddles a canoe", "Three people on a kyack with helmets on.", "The boaters are smiling, their two boats touching in the low water near shore.", "A group of people paddle and kayak on a body of water.", "Some women in helmets are riding in kayaks."]
["A stone statue of an elephant near a large vase.", "A rope tied to an elephant statue by a vase.", "A stone carving of an elephant decorates the top of a wall.", "A rope that is tied to a cement pole by a vase. ", "A small elephant made of stone sitting beside a vase."]
["A giant gray elephant standing behind a small car in front of a store.", "An elephant in the city has a man sitting on it.", "An elephant in the middle of a dirty street", "An elephant standing behind a car on the  street", "An elephant is being rode on the street"]
["The ties come in a variety of designs.", "A group of ties with different patterns are bunched together.", "A variety of differently colored neck ties laid out in a row.", "Many different neck ties of different colors and designs are arranged together.", "An assortment of different colored ties lined up on a white table cloth. "]
["A man is adjusting a tie in a vehicle.", "Man wearing fancy tie sitting in car on sunny day.", "A man sitting in the car takes a selfie with attention to his tie", "A close-up of a man wearing a sweater and a tie. ", "An African American man adjusting his tie in the car"]
["A women posing sitting on the chair wearing a beanie.", "A young woman in boots and a long skirt poses on a chair.", "a woman sits on a chair with her hand on her hip\n", "A beautiful blonde woman sitting in a  chair while wearing boots.", "A lady sitting on a chair and wearing a hat."]
["A marine filled with lots of white boats parked next to each other.", "A group of boats docked in front of a warehouse.", "A row of seven with boats facing camera and docked in water in front of a low building with three roof tops.", "The photo shows several boats are docked in the harbor.", "A number of speed boats in the water anchored on a bay"]
["A man holding an umbrella next to a frozen over fire hydrant.", "A man standing in the snow carrying an open umbrella.", "An adult standing in the snow next to the street with an umbrella.", "Person standing at the edge of a street holding an umbrella in the snow.", "A man Standing outside on a wet snowy evening."]
["A male doll has a striped shirt on with a tie along with a pair of jeans. ", "The doll is dressed in a dress shirt and tie. ", "A doll is wearing a shirt and tie.", "A doll of a guy in shirt with a tie.", "a male doll wearing a striped shirt and tie"]
["three photos of a male doll slowly getting undressed", "A doll that has a removable shirt and tie.", "A male mannequin in progressive states of undress.", "A doll of a man withing a plaid shirt and tie.", "Three images of a male doll wearing a shirt in three different fashions."]
["A crowd of people standing around a pile of bikes.", "A crowd of people with umbrellas walk in a city center.", "A group of people with umbrellas standing in a square.", "A crowd gathering in a city under umbrellas", "A crowd of people holding umbrellas walk in a plaza."]
["A mean wearing a black jacket and a neck tie.", "A man is wearing a suit and tie. ", "A man wearing a black suit with an undershirt and tie. ", "a gray tie a white shirt and a black suit jacket", "A man with a dotted tie, black blazer and a striped shirt"]
["A man standing next to a dummy wearing clothes.", "A man in a beige shirt and brown pants dressing a mannequin. ", "a guy dressing up a manikin to look like him", "A man putting clothing and a tie on a manikin.", "A young man is trying outfits on a mannequin. "]
["An elephant walks through th ejungle to eat.", "A mother and baby elephant in a green, flowery scene.", "Mother and baby elephant amble in the underbrush.", "MOMMA ELEPHANT WITH BABY ELEPHANT BESIDE HER GRAZING", "mother elephant and baby elephant outside a with lots of grass."]
["Boats floating down a river going through a small town.", "some boats going down a tree lined canal", "People on boats are traveling through a canal.", "The rowing crew is rowing down the canal/", "People are rowing a boat in a canal by houses."]
["A family on the back porch sitting around a table.", "a group of people sitting under a tent at a house", "back yard gathering with people talking to each other", "the people are socializing under an umbrella table in the sun", "there are many people in a back yard sitting together"]
["A boy in grey shirt and tie standing next to a door and wall with stickers on it.", "There is a boy smiling in his room", "A sharply dressed young boy standing next to a sticker wall.", "Little boy dressed up with a tie stands against the door", "a little kid all dressed up in front of construction equipment "]
["Merchants sitting while selling off produce to others. ", "A bunch of bananas laid out under umbrellas.", "Sellers shield themselves with umbrellas during a farmer's market.", "A woman is sitting with a group of bananas in a marketplace along with other woman that are selling fruit under umbrellas.", "A woman sits with bundles of bananas at a market. "]
["A man in a tie standing in a white room.", "A young man standing in an almost empty room.", "A man dressed in business casual attire is alone in a room.", "Electronics expert ready to demonstrate your home video system.  ", "A man standing wearing black pants, black shirt and purple tie."]
["A cat is laying on the other side of a cactus.", "a cat laydoing by a window close to a plant ", "The cat is laying down by the cactus in the sun. ", "Grey cat sitting in front of a green cactus.", "A cat behind a cactus, in front of a window."]
["Several boats out off the shore of a lake.", "A large body of water with boats on top of it.", "a boat sails across a big pond outside", "Several people are sailing their boats on a lake.", "A sailboat is seen near some smaller boats."]
["A young girl jumping into the air while holding an umbrella.", "A girl jumping in the air with an umbrella.", "A young girl wearing shorts leaps into the air while holding an umbrella.", "A girl is jumping into the air with an umbrella.", "A little girl jumping in the air with an umbrella."]
["An elephant walking around its enclosure at the zoo.", "An elephant inside an enclosure with trees surrounding.", "An elephant with tusks in an enclosure walking by.", "An elephant is walking in it's encasement. ", "An elephant walking past a rock wall with a smile on it's face."]
["Happy people are dressed up and holding umbrellas.", "A cluster of people stand under white umbrellas.", "Several people are dressed up and smiling under umbrellas", "A group of people standing next to each other with umbrellas.", "A group of people stand with large white umbrellas. "]
["A group of people stand out side with umbrellas.", "An event during which people are standing around and listening to a lady speak.", "a woman with a white coat gives a speech to a group of people.", "A crowd of well dressed people standing next to each other.", "Woman addresses a group in business attire carrying umbrellas."]
["A street with several vendor stalls and people walking around.", "An open-air produce market on a Southeast Asian street.", "A man walking towards a market with fresh produce.", "Covered and uncovered produce is sitting on tables at a market.", "A busy market, lined a variety of fruit stalls."]
["Black and white photo of a man in a tie smiling.", "A formally dressed young man is posing for the camera. ", "A boy dressed in a sweater, shirt, and tie is smiling.", "A guy in a shirt and tie posing for a picture.", "A young man in a suit and tie standing in front of a curtain. "]
["a number of people in a cap and gown", "A man standing in the middle of a class of graduates.", "Man in graduation cap and clothes looking to camera in crown of graduates", "A group of people dressed in graduation gowns and hats and one man looking towards the camera.", "A young man in cap and gown smiles next to his fellow graduates. "]
["A guy wearing a white shirt and striped tie.", "A man wearing an unbuttoned dress shirt and an untied tie", "A man with beard and unbuttoned shirt with tie.", "An unshaven man with an unbuttoned shirt and tie.", "Young man wearing shirt open in front with a tie draped around the collar."]
["A baby elephant walks in a fenced area next to old wood and a purple sun umbrella on the other side on the fence.", "A small elephant standing next to a wire fence.", "An elephant with its trunk down is in an enclosure.", "An elephant in dirt area next to tree trunk and fence.", "An elephant that is walking in an enclosure. "]
["A man in black shirt and tie standing next to fence outside.", "A man in a tie standing next to some people.", "A man posing for pic in a purple tie.", "A man wearing sunglasses, a black shirt, purple tie and grey pants.", "The man is dressed up with a tie posing for a picture. "]
["There are a lot of sailboats anchored in the water today. ", "Sailboats anchored at a pier in calm blue waters.", "A marina filled with sailboats on a sunny day.", "many small boats at a harbor in a body of water", "White boats fill a harbor as the blue water reflects them."]
["A group of elephants walking across a grass covered field.", "Elephants standing in the sand, one picking up a stick with its trunk.", "Elephants in a sandy outdoor setting near some rocks.", "Elephants standing amid dusty logs and stone formations.", "A group of elephants are scattered in an enclosure."]
["two people sailing down a stream in a blue canoe.", "An older couple in a boat float past ducks on an open river.", "People in a small boat going up a river.", "A couple of people are on a small boat in green water.", "Two people in a small boat floating by some greenery."]
["an elephant with a saddle on its back", "A small elephant with a seat tied to it's back.", "An elephant equipped with rustic seating in front of a residential area.", "An elephant has a seat tied to it's back.", "The elephant is just standing by the water."]
["A beach scene with chairs and umbrellas and birds in the sky.", "The beach chairs and colorful umbrellas are set out on the beach.", "birds flying above a beach covered with beach chairs and colorful umbrellas", "A bunch of seagulls flying over beach chairs and umbrellas", "a number of chairs with umbrellas by an expanse of water"]
["A sandy beach with people laying on cots under umbrellas.", "A sandy beach covered in lawn chairs next to the ocean.", "People laying out in the sun on a beach.", "A person laying on a beach chair under an umbrella", "A laying on a chair with an umbrella on the beach."]
["a baby elephant walking on a dirt field next to a fenced enclosure.", "A lone elephant walking between piles of dirt.", "A baby elephant walks by the fence of his enclosure", "A baby elephant slowly walks next to some wet mud.", "A shiny elephant is walking through dirt piles."]
["an elephant walking near a fence with trees on the other side ", "a single baby elephant walking beside a fence", "a single elephant walking in a large enclosure", "An elephant is walking through the mud behind a gate.", "A muddy baby elephant walks in a fenced enclosure."]
["People and a dog riding a decorative boat on a waterway. ", "there is a man and a woman standing on a boat ", "A man and woman on a boat in the water. ", "Two people and dog on a yellow and black ferry boat.", "Two people are standing on a boat going down a river."]
["A group of men riding on the back of a white boat.", "A group of people sail a boat in the ocean", "The men in red shirts are riding a sail boat. ", "People in red jackets onboard a sailboat in the water.", "A group of people that are in a boat."]
["A red umbrella is an asian garden setting.", "The arrangement of flowers are under a large pink umbrella.", "A red parasol in front of a Japanese style garden", "A garden area with a large red umbrella and Chinese signs", "A red umbrella sitting above a garden next to a building."]
["Lady walking through a parking lot with an umbrella over her head.", "A woman walking in the street with a yellow umbrella.", "A woman walks down a road with a yellow umbrella. ", "A woman holding an umbrella walking down a street.", "A person walking down a road with a sun umbrella."]
["A couple riding on top of an elephant in a forest.", "People under a canopy riding an elephant through a forest.", "A group of people riding an elephant through a forest.", "An elephant with people riding on its back.", "people riding an elephant down a shady trail"]
["A person stands under an umbrella looking out over a waterway. ", "A WOMAN ON A WALKING BRIDGE IS HOLDING A RED UMBRELLA", "Adult standing under red umbrella next to railing on walkway near water.", "A woman standing on a  pier with an open umbrella. ", "A person with a red umbrella walks down a boardwalk."]
["A white and brown dog laying on top of a wooden floor.", "THERE IS A DOG THAT IS SITTING ON THE FLOOR ", "a dog laying on the floor next to a couch", "A dog laying on the floor near a fireplace with a portrait of him in the flames.", "A brown and white dog laying on the floor of a living room."]
["A man is at an airport with luggage. ", "A man walking in front of an airport with a luggage cart.", "A man is loaded with luggage and waiting outside of an airport.", "A man is smiling as he stands behind a layered stack of luggage and his other hand pulls a small luggage cart.", "A man at the airport with a mountain of luggage"]
["A dog sits on the beach between two large boats.", "Two boats sitting on a beach next to the ocean.", "Two boats on a beach in the twilight.", "Two boats with a dog between them on an island", "Two boats sit on the shore, as night fall rolls in."]
["A pretty young lady holding a briefcase in front of maps on a wall.", "Woman stands in front a maps covered wall holding a briefcase ", "Model in businesswear carrying a briefcase, posed in front of a wall of maps.", "A woman wearing heels holding a brief case.", "A young business woman holds her brief case while looking at the camera."]
["A crowd of people holding up white umbrellas.", "A lot of people holding umbrellas high above them", "A group of adults from behind holding umbrellas at night.", "A group of people holding up umbrellas and cellphones ", "A crowd holds up umbrellas and phones at a concert.  "]
["A dog jumps to a fence to look at a horse. ", "The dog is looking at the horse while standing on his hind legs. ", "a small dog is looking at a horse ", "A white dog on the fence with a horse on the other side", "A small white dog leaning up against a fence and horse leaning up against the fence on the other side,"]
["An elephant is walking along with another elephant.", "a close up of a large and a small elephant ", "The baby elephant is walking in front of an adult elephant. ", "The baby elephant is walking along with it's mother.", "A couple of elephants walking next to each other."]
["A person with a parasol is walking on a crosswalk.", "A woman standing at a crosswalk with a bicyclist in front of her.", "A woman with an umbrella waits at in intersection ", "a lady under an umbrella walking toward a bicycle", "a woman holding an umbrella on the side of the road "]
["A man and woman ride an elephant next to a body of water. ", "Two people riding an elephant along a river.", "Two people riding an elephant near the water with a trainer.", "The couple is riding an elephant near the water.", "A couple rides an elephant next to a river."]
["A large gray elephant walking through a lush green forest.", "A picture of an animal walking through some grass.", "an elephant walking through tall grass in a field", "An Indian elephant in the jungle walking through grass", "an elephant in tall grass with trees in the background"]
["a dog on with a collar stands in between two people", "A white small dog on a leash standing next to it's owner.", "A white dog with orange paws is on a leash.", "a white dog with orange shoes attached to a leash with a person standing to the side of him", "Small white dog with orange booties being walked on pavement."]
["A family of elephants stand beside each other in an enclosure.", "A elephant standing around with two baby elephants", "Two baby elephants standing beside an adult elephant.", "An adult elephant is with two young elephants.", "A herd of elephants standing next to each other."]
["This wire metal rack holds several pairs of shoes and sandals", "A dog sleeping on a show rack in the shoes.", "Various slides and other footwear rest in a metal basket outdoors.", "A small dog is curled up on top of the shoes", "a shoe rack with some shoes and a dog sleeping on them"]
["A single elephant that is walking in an enclosure.", "A grey elephant standing inside a zoo enclosure. ", "Small brown elephant sitting behind a caged in area. ", "An elephant walking near a fence in an enclosure.", "Small grey elephant standing in its cage alone."]
["A person with a black and white umbrella is in a doorway.", "A person holding an umbrella walking into the rain.", "A man exits a building holding a black and white umbrella.", "A person walks out a building exit while holding an umbrella.", "Someone holding their umbrella while standing in the rain. "]
["Black and white dog protecting yellow flying disc in open grassy field.", "a dog lies in the grass with a frisbee under its paw", "A Border Collie dog relaxing on a green lawn with a yellow Frisbee. ", "A dog looking to its right with its paw on a frisbee.", "a black and white dog laying on the ground with a frisbee"]
["A man sitting on a box on a walkway in a busy city.", "A man sitting on a suitcase in a town square.", "A person sitting on a box that says \"Buy art today\"", "A man sitting on a small suitcase on the street", "A man sits waiting on his decorated suitcase."]
["A closed white case sitting on the ground", "A simple white suitcase sitting on a grey floor.", "A closed hardcover suitcase standing on the floor.", "a white suitcase one glove sitting on a black floor", "A white piece of luggage sitting on top of cement ground."]
["A large black dog is laying on a rug.", "A big black dog laying down near a disc.", "A dog lies on his side on a throw rug", "The dog is waiting to play with its owner.", "A dog laying on a rug next to a flying disc."]
["A doll with blue hair poses with it's case. ", "A doll set is shown with a doll and small clothing.", "A toy doll comes complete with a couple of outfits to wear. ", "A dol in white shirt next to a suitcase holding doll clothing.", "A case with a little doll with blue hair, shoes, and clothes."]
["A picture painting on a wall of a man with an umbrella. ", "A painting of a man with an umbrella on a concrete wall.", "a painting on the wall of a man raising up an umbrella ", "A painting on a city wall of a man jumping while holding an umbrella.", "Graffiti of a basketball player holding an umbrella"]
["a person walking across an odd looking pavement carrying an umbrella", "a person walking across an area with a patterned floor ", "A woman holding an umbrella is walking on the sidewalk.", "A person walking on a checkered stone sidewalk with an umbrella. ", "a black and white photo of a person and their umbrella"]
["25 images of dogs are formed into a square grid.", "Twenty various pictures of a small dog doing different things.", "this is a photo of a collage of photos of a dog", "Many shots grouped together of the same herding breed dog, some images of it playing, sleeping, or running through obstacles.", "The dog enjoys playing outside and laying down in the house."]
["An open truck of a car packed with luggage.", "A bunch of luggage in the back of a car", "a trunk of a car filled with a lot of luggage", "A vehicle with the back open with some bags.", "GOLF BAGS AND A SUITCASE IN THE BACK OF A TRUNK"]
["A large brown dog standing next to a home plate.", "A dog leans over and sniffs a piece of concrete.", "A dog investigates a metal lid on the ground.", "A dog is sniffing a piece of metal on the ground.", "A dog finds wonderful things to sniff in the oddest places."]
["a young man pushes a dog standing on a skate board ", "a man is pushing a dog on a skateboard", "A boy riding with a dog on a skateboard.", "A man holding a skateboard with a bulldog on it.", "A man pushes his dog across a wood floor on a skateboard."]
["A person jumps in the air with a tripod in hand.", "A photographer leaps into the air from a dock, with his tripod-mounted camera and light diffuser in hand", "A man holding a camera jumping in the air.", "A man in the air above a pier holding a photography light and umbrella.", "A man jumping into the air while holding a camera and an umbrella."]
["A beautiful woman holding an umbrella over her head.", "A small part of a yard shows a fence, grass, and a woman standing cross-legged under a big umbrella with light playing over it, inside what looks like an assemblage of long metal struts going upwards.   ", "A woman is holding an umbrella in the middle of several streamers.", "A woman that is standing under an illuminated umbrella.", "A woman that is standing in the grass with an umbrella."]
["A red table topped with a laptop and a monitor.", "There is a desktop and a laptop sitting on the desk.", "THERE IS A DESK TOP COMPUTER ON THE TABLE ", "A desk with a laptop, standard computer, router, teddy bear and phone on it.", "A red desk with a laptop computer and a desk top computer with a white teddy bear sitting next to the monitor. "]
["This unique cake is made to look like a tree stump turned picnic table.", "A cake is decorated with many decorations. ", "some toy bears sitting around a toy table ", "A birthday cake shaped like a tree stump with four bears having a party.", "A very elaborate cake decorated to look like a bear's forest dinner table."]
["A crowd of people standing next to each other.", "A large crowd of people are walking with umbrellas.", "A large crowd walks around in the rain with few under umbrellas.", "A few people hold umbrellas in a large group of people", "Group of people standing in a crowd holding up umbrellas. "]
["This is a teddy bear birthday cake for someone turning 30.", "A large card with a mini birthday cake on it and a teddy bear .", "A 30th birthday cake shaped as a teddy bear.", "A thirtieth birthday cake made like a teddy bear.", "One small cake is next to a bigger one designed like a old teddy bear"]
["A woman walking down a street while holding an umbrella.", "a woman in a brown top is holding a light purple umbrella", "A woman is holding a purple, old-fashioned parasol.", "A woman holding a frilly umbrella inside a room.", "A woman holding an umbrella while standing next to a dresser."]
["a bed with some white bed covers and some books", "A white comforter with a toy, book and child shirt on the top of it.", "A shirt, stuffed animal, book and pillows on top of a bed.", "A variety of items are spread out on the bed. ", "some clothes, books and teddy bear sitting on a bed "]
["A croup of people sitting at chairs in a room of a train station.", "a group of kids sitting on a bench in an air port", "A group of people who are waiting in an area.", "People are sitting with back packs and luggage in a terminal.", "Some people are waiting in a lobby and getting bored. "]
["A squinting dog on a brick patio sniffs a cup of coffee.", "A dog is smelling a cup of coffee on the table.", "There is a dog near a cup of coffee.", "A coffee cup sits on a table as a dog tilts its head up toward it. ", "A dog sniffs the air near a cup of coffee."]
["Two yellow pieces of luggage sitting on a sidewalk.", "Two yellow rugged suitcases standing outside next to each other.", "A set of bright yellow luggage with wheels.", "two black and yellow suitcases with wheels with tags", "Two yellow and black suit cases with wheels and large logos on the sides."]
["A lion head mask is hanging in an outdoor shop.", "Busy street fair with vending booths and shoppers.", "People walk by an open market doing their shopping.", "A woman passing a bear mask on a market tent.", "A woman is walking by an outdoor market"]
["A dog swimming in a poop with a Frisbee.", "A dog is in a swimming pool with something in its mouth.", "A dog swimming in a pool with a Frisbee and a tennis ball near by.", "A dog carrying a frisbee and swimming in a pool.", "A dog swims with a toy Frisbee in it's mouth."]
["an image of a man with a dog on his back", "a person holding frisbees with a dog on his back", "Man with two Frisbees in hand and a dog on his back.", "A black and white dog on the back of a man holding frisbees.", "The man holding two Frisbees has a dog on his back."]
["A blurry photo of a dog sleeping underneath a chair.", "A dog laying on a rug under a chair.", "a close up of a dog sleeping under a chair ", "a dog that is laying under a chair", "Dog lying indolently underneath a modern wooden chair"]
["A large dog laying on a blanket on a couch.", "A dog that is lying down on a couch on a blanket.", "A dog is sitting on the couch snuggled up. ", "there is a small dog sitting on a blanket in a couch ", "A dog sitting on a couch looking intently at something."]
["A small child is holding a toy at the park.", "Top-performing very large frisky with mother behind him", "The woman smiles behind a child who's holding a large toy. ", "A woman and small boy playing outside on a path.", "Small child holding an orange and yellow sign in front of a woman. "]
["a pair of shoes and fabric strewn across a wooden floor.", "A topdown view of floor with sheets, shoes and a desk on it.", "Pictured from above are clothing and shoes scattered on a wood floor.", "It looks like someone forgot to clean their bedroom.", "a top view of a floor with shoes and clothes and trash"]
["Three people on a sandy ocean beach on a sunny day.", "People are playing a game of frisbee on the beach.", "The two men are enjoying the day on the beach.", "A couple of people standing on a beach near the ocean.", "Two people are playing frisbee on the beach."]
["A man who is on a beach leaping up into the air to catch a Frisbee. ", "A man jumping to catch a frisbee on a beach.", "A man jumping up in the air to catch a frisbee near people playing on the beach near the waves.", "A man jumping up into the air on a beach.", "a man catching a frisbee while people play on the beach"]
["Two people in an ocean playing with a yellow Frisbee. ", "A couple of people standing next to a wave in the ocean.", "Two people playing frisbee in the ocean near shore.", "a couple of people standing waist deep in the ocean", "Two men who are playing Frisbee in the ocean."]
["a brown and white dog lays on a bed", "Large dog laying on top of a bed and looking up at mirror. ", "A puppy laying in bed near a blanket.", "A dog is sitting on the bed in the bedroom.", "An adorable dog sitting on a bed next to a wooden dresser."]
["A bulldog looks at himself in a mirror. ", "A dog that is looking in the mirror.", "A dog looks happily in the large mirror.", "a bulldog looking in a mirror at itself", "A dog looking at his reflection in the mirror."]
["A man wearing a blue tank top holds out his arm toward a hovering Frisbee on a beach near a lake.", "A person on a beach throwing a Frisbee toward the ocean.", "a man throws a frisbe on a sandy beach ", "A young man throwing a white frisbee on a beach.", "A man is standing in the sand playing with a frisbee."]
["A dog looks out through a wire mesh hole in the fence.", "A dog staring out a hole in a wooden fence. ", "His favorite hole in the fence is now covered with wire.", "Dogs looking out through fencing from a wooden pen.", "a dog behind a fence in a wooden structure "]
["a shirtless male holding a green and white frisbee", "Man holding flying disc at outdoor event with children nearby.", "A shirtless man holds a Frisbee under an umbrella.", "A man hold an object for display as others watch.", "a man is standing under a umbrella with a frisbee"]
["There are two zebras one zebra is eating grass.", "A zebra has it's nose down to a small patch of grass.", "A zebra eating from a little patch of grass. ", "An animal that is eating something off of the ground.", "a zebra eating grass with trees in the background"]
["A man sitting at  table with a small dog.", "A man on a laptop and a cell phone at the same time.", "Man sitting on a petioner with laptop in city", "a man is sitting around using his laptop", "A man that is sitting at a table."]
["Three dogs in a fenced in area together with a dirt ground.", "Three dogs are in a pen and two are at a standoff while another trots away.", "Three dogs are playing together by fences in the dirt", "Three dogs playing and interacting inside a fenced enclosure.", "Three dogs walking togeher outside of a fence."]
["A zebra standing next to two moss covered rocks.", "The zebra is standing behind the rocks in the exhibit.", "A zebra is standing in a field next to some rocks.", "Zebra behind a fence and in front of rocks.", "A zebra standing next to large rocks in a fenced enclosure."]
["A zebra standing on a dirt hillside next to a tree trunk.", "A zebra standing in a large dirt field.", "Zebra near tree drinking water on sandy ground.", "A Zebra standing around in the middle of a desert area.", "a zebra is standing near a rock in a pin"]
["A man lunging to the ground after a white frisbee.", "The man in the yellow shirt is diving to catch a Frisbee. ", "A person in the middle of diving to catch a frisbee.", "A man in yellow shirt and black shorts playing frisbee.", "A man diving onto the ground to catch a Frisbee."]
["A man holding a device and a coke bottle in a clearing in a wood.", "A young man holds a water bottle and a Frisbee in a park.", "A man holding up a Frisbee and a water bottle in the other hand.", "A young man holding a bottled drink prepares to throw a frisbee.", "A teenager holding a bottle in one hand and a Frisbee in the other hand"]
["A woman standing in a park holding a yellow frisbee.", "A group of people in a field playing with a disc,", "Two boys and three girls playing with a yellow Frisbee in a park. ", "Perhaps they shouldn't be playing outside on such a smoggy day.", "A group of teens are playing frisbee in a field with a view."]
["A zebra rolling on its back on the ground.", "A single zebra is rolling around in the dirt.", "A zebra rolling around on his back in the dirt.", "A Zebra is laying down on the field, in the wilderness. ", "A zebra rolls around on its back in a field."]
["A man tossing a frisbee in the air.", "A man is tossing a Frisbee in a park.", "A man is running and throwing a frisbee.", "A man throwing a blue frisbee on a clear day", "Man in the motion of running and throwing a frisbee from his hand. "]
["A couple of zebra standing next to each other.", "Several zebras are eating in a stable in a zebra enclosure.", "The zebras are at a hut eating grass.", "Three zebras in a zoo standing next to a building. ", "A group of zebras in the shade near a building."]
["A man on horse watching people play a game of baseball.", "a person riding a horse next to a baseball field", "A person is sitting on a horse watching a baseball game.", "a man sitting on a horse standing by a tree ", "A police officer on horse back watching a baseball game."]
["A horse pokes his head over the metal railing.", "Horse with head over gate in fenced area.", "A close view of a brown horse standing in it's pen.", "A close shot of a horse standing in its area. ", "A brown horse with a white stripe down its nuzzle."]
["A whole lot of zebra's standing in a field.", "A herd at of zebras are grazing in the field\n", "A herd of zebra standing on top of a grass field.", "a field that has a bunch of zebras in it", "there are many zebras that can be seen in the wild together"]
["People with horse drawn carriage on side of city street.", "A man that is leaning against a cart.", "A view of a street corner, during the day.", "Two people standing near a horse drawn carriage.", "a group of people that are next to a wagon"]
["A horse drawn carriage traveling down a street.", "A photo of a fruit cart being pulled by a horse down a street.", "Black and white photo of a horse with a peddlers cart parked on a street.", "A horse with a carriage on a street.", "A donkey pulling a cart next to a residential area with two men in the background."]
["A group of zebra standing on top of a dry grass field.", "Some very cute zebras in a field of tall grass.", "A group of zebras that are standing in the grass.", "four zebras standing in the tall dry grass", "Zebras standing in tall dry grass look at the tourists"]
["There is a group of zebras all standing together.", "A herd of zebra standing on top of a grass covered field.", "Many zebras graze in a dry field. ", "a large hers of zebras all facing different directions ", "Several zebras standing around in the grass. "]
["A herd of zebra walking across a lush green field.", "Several zebras walking in the tall grass. ", "Zebras grazing in open field of tall grasses.", "Some very pretty zebras in a big grassy field.", "there are four zebras walking in a field"]
["Two law enforcement officers patrol a street on horses.", "a bunch of horses that are walking down a road", "A couple of cops riding on the back of horses.", "Two men ride horses in the middle of the park", "Two adults ride horses down a paved park path."]
["There is a horse standing by some grass.", "A brown and whit horse in dirt field next to trees.", "A horse with head and ears raised looking and listening.", "A horse with a white stripe is in the woods.", "A horse standing in the dirt in the woods. "]
["A brown horse peering over green bushes under trees.", "A horse that is grazing around in the grass. ", "A horse is looking over a bush in a meadow.", "A horse with a white spot on it's forehead is visible through the leaves.", "A horse looking over a hedge in a pasture."]
["Horse drawn carriages lined up in the street. ", "Several two horse buggies are in the street.", "Horses waiting for the carriage drivers to arrive.", "some white bau5 ass horses pullin a buggy", "A line of carriages with horses attached to them."]
["A horse attached to a carriage on a street.", "A white horse with a carriage behind it.", "A white horse pulling a cart with yellow wheels.", "A horse with blinders on carrying a carriage parked at a curb.", "A white horse pulling a carriage outside a house"]
["A horse drawn fire truck traveling across a field.", "An old fashioned fire wagon, drawn by horses.", "Men are riding on a carriage pulled by horses.", "Two horses pulling a cart with machinery and 4 people on it", "Two horses pull a colorful carriage with four men on it on a parade ground."]
["A man riding on the back of horses while standing.", "people with a horse performing on the stage", "a couple of people that are standing on some horse", "Performers are in the circus doing tricks with horses.", "A man holding a woman while riding two horse around a circus ring."]
["A man riding standing on top of two horses during a performance.", "A circus performer standing on top of two horses.", "A rodeo participant rides two horses with one foot on each horse.", "A man standing on two horses at the same time. ", "A cowboy standing on two horses with each leg on one horse."]
["A man riding on the back of a brown horse down a street.", "A cop that is sitting on a horse.", "A police officer in uniform and with a helmet riding on the back of a horse at a stoplight.", "An officer sits on a brown horse on a city street.", "A man in a police uniform sitting on a horse by a traffic light."]
["A cowboy riding a horse rustles up some cattle as other horses look on. ", "A man rides a horse alongside other horses and cows", "Two riders are driving a herd of cattle through tall grass.", "a close up of a horse with another horse in the background", "A man who is riding a horse and herding cattle."]
["A team of baseball players celebrate during a game.", "A team  ends up in a pile on the field.", "A bunch of guys that are piled on top of each other.", "some baseball players making a dogpile on a field", "A group of baseball players piled on to of each other"]
["this is the under side of a red train", "The side of a train that is in grass.", "Some kind of contraptions  that has what looks like skiers painted on in and the words defect card printed on it ", "A train with some skier symbols painted on it.", "some drawings on the side of the train, right above the wheel"]
["A woman posing with a bunch of bananas in Sri Lanka.", "A girl who is holding a bushel of bananas. ", "A woman holding a bunch of ripe bananas.", "The woman smiles while holding a bushel of bananas in her hand.", "there is a woman that is standing and smiling and holding bananas"]
["A baseball player is being tagged out during a game.", "One baseball player tackling another baseball player on the field.", "A baseball player getting into a fight with another baseball player.", "A catcher tagging a runner at the plate during a baseball game.", "The catcher leaps to tag the base runner at home plate while one of his team mates and the umpire look on."]
["A wooden stick figure is surrounded by fruit.", "A stick figure of a person standing between fruit.", "A small wooden man standing next to a pile of fruit.", "A toy that is surrounded by some fruit.", "A jointed wooden man figure standing in the middle of various fruit."]
["A man riding skis across a snow covered countryside.", "A park ranger is treading through the snow with skis and poles.", "a man wearing skis walking down a path", "A man walks in skies in the snow.", "A member of the ski patrol cross country skiing "]
["A couple of people that are standing on ski's in the snow.", "Two people wearing skis in a snowy open area face a city with tall buildings while one of the men takes a picture.", "Two skiers on a big snowy field taking a photo.", "A couple of people on skis in the snow.", "A couple of men standing next to each other on a ski slope."]
["A shop filled with fresh fruit and produce.", "some people some shops and some bunches of bananas", "People are at an outside market selling bananas.", "A fruit stand shows a variety of fruits.", "Various fruits hang from market stalls as customers walk by."]
["A baseball player wearing a catchers mitt on a field.", "A baseball pitcher about to pitch the baseball.", "A baseball player standing on the pitcher's mound ", "A baseball player is in the outfield playing a baseball game. ", "A baseball player with a glove on during a game. "]
["Baseball outfielder reaching to catch ball near green block wall.", "a man is reaching into the air with his baseball glove at a game", "A baseball player catching a ball in a game ", "The baseball player reaches out to catch a ball.", "The man is playing baseball in the field."]
["A person in bicycling gears looks at bananas growing on a tree.", "a number of people in cyclist gear near a bunch of bananas", "A group of people walking down a street.", "A couple of bikers are stopping at a fruits stand to get bananas. ", "race participants in helmets checking out the local surroundings"]
["A person sitting on a chair in front of yellow vegetables.", "A woman is sitting next to a bunch of bananas.", "Woman sitting with bananas in camp with people in background", "A woman is sitting next to a tray of food.", "A woman sells bananas and other wares in a market."]
["A man and a boy next to a big pile of bananas.", "A man sits near a young boy who attends to a huge stack of bananas.", "there is a young boy that is picking green bananas", "a small kid picks a banana from a while pile of them", "A man and a boy standing in front of a bunch of green bananas."]
["a person on skis jumping down part of a hill", "A skier making a jump on a snowy hill.", "A skier jumps over a snowy hill with pine trees surrounding .", "A skiier skis over a jump with pine trees in the background.", "a person jumping skis in the air "]
["A sign for oranges for sale that read twenty five cents per pound.", "small navel oranges with a sell sign and price", "A pile of oranges with a cardboard sign with the price per pound on it.", "A cardboard sign is in front of many, many oranges.", "there are many oranges that cost twenty five cents a pound"]
["A black and white photo of a baseball game.", "a vintage photo of some people playing baseball ", "A man that is standing with a baseball bat.", "A batter hit a ball in a professional baseball game. ", "A baseball player taking a swing at a baseball. "]
["Young man in orange jersey throwing a baseball.", "A young baseball player is on the field with a mitt.", "A baseball pitcher steps forward as he winds up a pitch.", "A pitcher is winding up for a pitch.", "A pitcher in mid pitch at a baseball game."]
["The batter prepares to run to first base after hitting the ball.", "baseball game with player I red running towards first", "A baseball player runs to first base after hitting the ball.", "A baseball player dropping a bat and running.", "One catcher and one hitter, running to first base on a field. "]
["A see through container filled with lots of oranges.", "A glass casing with several oranges displayed in it.", "several oranges in a store front window on display.", "There are many oranges shown in this picture.", "The metal bin is full of oranges. "]
["A figurine of a chicken wearing a chain-mail helmet, a pink greeting card, and a pile of oranges.", "Oranges next to oriental style duck and menu", "a table that has some oranges on it", "a table has oranges and cards with a statue ", "A duck with a knights helmet sitting next to a card and oranges."]
["A group of four people standing next to each other.", "Four people in ski clothes stand on skis with their ski poles as snowy mountains are in the background.", "Four people in skis on top of a snowy mountain.", "Group of skiers posing for a picture with snow mountains behind them. ", "A group of people are standing on snowboards and skis."]
["A group of baseball players playing a game of baseball.", "A baseball player getting ready to run to a base", "A professional baseball pitcher stands on the mound.", "A pitcher stands on the mound while the umpire, players, and crowd look on.", "San Francisco Giants pitcher standing on the mound looking at a runner on base and an umpire"]
["A lot of food that are in some baskets.", "Two baskets filled with blueberries sitting next to other fruit and vegetables.", "The fruits and vegetables are neatly arranged on the white countertop.", "There is much fruit gathered in one spot.", "Fresh produce is arranged and displayed on a table."]
["close up of the edges of a pizza and words printed on the plate its sitting on", "A white plate topped with slices of pizza.", "The pizza is on the plate on the table. ", "Food that has a crust lays on a red and white plate.", "a plate that has a pizza on it"]
["The baseball player in an orange cap is throwing a pitch.", "A baseball pitcher prepares to deliver a pitch.", "A pitcher throws the ball during a baseball game.", "A baseball player standing on a field wearing a catchers mitt.", "A BASEBALL PLAYER IN RED AND WHITE PLAYING A GAME "]
["The baseball player is trying to throw the ball. ", "A man at a baseball game who is throwing the ball.", "a baseball player is throwing a ball to someone on a different base\n", "A man on a field throwing a baseball.", "A baseball player pitching a ball on top of a field."]
["in a restaurant with some pieces of pizza", "Three slices of pizza on a table with people ordering at nearby restaurants. ", "A tray holding slices of pizza at a food court.", "A tray with plates containing slices of pizza ", "Slices of pizza are sitting on the paper plates"]
["a couple of hockey players are on the ice", "some ice hockey players playing in a rink", "Several men playing a professional hockey game on an ice rink.", "An ice hockey match at an ice rink.", "A group of hockey players engaged in a game."]
["Two skiers standing near a sign in the snow. ", "The two people are on the mountains to ski.", "Two young people on ski mountain looking unenthused about the sport.", "A girl with skis stands next to a boy in the snow.", "a couple of kids stand on a snow slope"]
["A man in a wet suit on a board being pulled", "Male water skier next to boat wake near shore.", "A man on a water ski being pulled by a boat.", "Middle-aged man boogie boarding on a gloomy day.", "A man spraying water in the air is wakeboarding."]
["A boat pulling two water skiers in a body of water.", "A motor boat leaves a wake as it pulls two waterskiers behind it.", "Two water skiers enjoying a ride on a calm surface", "An aerial view of a boat pulling to skiers behind.", "A boat is speeding across the water with two skiers in tow."]
["A man standing among clusters of ripening bananas", "Many yellow and green bananas are hung from the ceiling.", "A black boy standing outside around a bunch of bananas. ", "A man standing among large bunches of bananas", "A man is walking through some banana plants."]
["A man holding a bunch of unripe bananas.", "A man is holding a large bunch of green bananas.", "A man holding a large group of bananas.\n", "A man in shorts carrying a large bunch of small green bananas.", "A man is holding a bunch of green bananas in his yard. "]
["Several stacks of individual bananas in aluminum trays.", "some bananas are in some tin foil trays", "a bunch of bananas stacked inside of some tin pans  on a shelf", "A pile of ripe bananas sitting on display in a grocery store.", "A large amount of bananas that are sitting inside of a large tin."]
["Black and white image of baseball player about to throw the ball.", "Black and white photograph of young man throwing a baseball.", "A baseball player is winding up to throw the ball.", "A baseball player throwing a ball on the field.", "A man pitching a baseball while holding a catchers mitt."]
["A young baseball player winds up for a pitch.", "A young boy throws a pitch during a little league game.", "A young kid wearing a baseball uniform throwing a baseball. ", "A boy in a blue jersey winding up to pitch a baseball.", "A  young baseball player throwing out a pitch"]
["A large group of skiers standing around with race bibs. ", "A crowd of people skiing on snow covered ground.", "A snow covered mountain with skiers getting ready to race. ", "A group of people on skies with contestant numbers.", "Many people on skis with numbers pinned to their front."]
["Group of people walking on skis on a field of snow. ", "Several people dressed in costumes getting ready to snow ski.", "People wearing white and red stripes are skiing in the snow.", "There is a group of skiers on the white snow", "A group of people are skiing while dressed in costumes."]
["A baseball player swinging a bat with the catcher and umpire behind him.", "A baseball player hitting a ball.Two fielders are standing behind.", "A batter, catcher and umpire during a baseball game.", "A baseball player hits a ball out of the park.", "A man standing near the home plate swinging a bat"]
["A girl in pink shirt sitting at a table with green cup.", "Little girl holding cup smiles and point with a bowl of food in front of her", "An African American girl holding a green sippy cup.", "A little girl holding a green cup in front of a bowl of food.", "a toddler sitting at the kitchen table with a bib in front of her meal"]
["a young man is about to throw a ball. ", "A young man with a mitt is winding up to throw a ball.", "The baseball player is delivering his  best pitch.", "Kid playing baseball preparing to throw the ball.", "a baseball player throwing a ball with a glove"]
["A large bunch of unripened green plantains on display.", "a bunch of bananas are piled together ", "A bunch of small bananas still on the main branch.", "A background of blurred shapes is fronted by bunches of green bananas  of which one's been ripped off.", "A picture of a bunches of green bananas."]
["View of a baseball game in action from behind home plate.", "this image does not have a photo that can be described", "A baseball player swings his bat as the catcher prepares to catch the ball.", "three baseball players and a pink colored sky", "The young baseball player swings high at the oncoming pitch for a strike."]
["A couple of men riding on top of skateboards.", "A couple of people on skateboards on a road.", "Two people skateboarding down a stretch of highway.", "A couple of people that are skateboarding on a road.", "Two skateboarders going fast down an empty road."]
["A white bowl filled with rice and vegetables.", "a bowl is holding a rice salad with broccoli ", "An Asian dish of rice, broccoli and tofu.", "a bowl with broccoli and some rice in it ", "A bowl of some meat substance, broccoli, and rice."]
["A person on skis standing on the snow next to some dogs.", "A hiker took his dogs out on the snowy mountain.", "a person standing by two dogs standing in the snow ", "A person standing on a mountain with two dogs", "a person riding skis on a snowy surface "]
["There is a stack of plates sitting next to a platter of vegetables.", "Tray of vegetables with cucumber, carrots, broccoli and celery.", "An oblong tray has assorted vegetables on it.", "A plate of broccoli and carrots on a table.", "Different types of cut vegetables on a serving tray with small plates stacked next to it."]
["A salad of vegetables and nuts in a white bowl on a table.", "A white plate with a serving of assorted vegetables", "A white bowl filled with Chinese food covered in sauce.", "Vegetarian stir fry served in a white bowl. ", "a mix of beans corn broccoli and mushrooms"]
["He follows the track used for cross country skiers.", "A man that is on skis in the snow.", "some snow skiers a sign some trees and a fence", "A skier on the snow with gear and ear muffs.", "An older man is skiing on a sunny clear day."]
["A man in a black jacket and white pants leans forward at the top of a snowy mountain.", "A skier is preparing to head down a small slope.", "A man standing at the top of a snowy mountain and looking down.", "A snowboarder about to move down the slope.", "The man is on the top of the snowy hill skiing."]
["a man is flipping a skateboard in the air outside", "A skateboarder is in mid-air, flipping his board.", "a skate boarder going up a ramp while another skate boarder looks on", "A young man flying through the air with a skate board near a ramp.", "A skateboarder on a pipe doing a trick next to a lake."]
["A girl hitching a ride with her Dad on a skateboard", "A man riding a skateboard has a child between his legs. ", "A girl sits between a mans legs on a skateboard.", "A man riding a skateboard next to a woman.", "the skateboarder has a passenger on his skateboard."]
["A man riding a skateboard on a street near a park.", "A young man is skateboarding down a street while several people watch him.", "A man skateboarding down the road in front of poeple.", "The skateboarder rides down the road heading toward the sidewalk", "A man with a cap skateboarding on the pavement."]
["A man making a sandwich on a lunch truck.", "A man making a sandwich on a sub roll, with condiments tray.", "Man making a sandwich behind a counter with a knife.", "A man working at a deli preparing a sandwich for a customer", "a man contemplating why he is 25 and still making sandwiches for a living"]
["Lunch of rice and beans with soup and juice.", "A dinner table with beverages and dishes of chickpeas, rice, greens, and soup.", "there are many plates of food on this table", "A plate loaded with food on a table", "a table full of various plates of food"]
["A little kid sitting on the counter eating food.", "A girl sitting on a kitchen counter eats apple slices.", "A little girl that is sitting on a kitchen counter.", "Young girl eating chips on the kitchen counter top", "A little girl is sitting on counter eating next to a plate of apples."]
["a plate of food with two sandwiches ", "A couple of sandwiches sitting on top of a white plate.", "a couple of sandwiches are on a white plate", "a white plate with two sandwiches and a toaster", "Two toasted sandwiches with tomatoes are seen here."]
["Surfing the web on a laptop at a coffee bar.", "A couple of chairs and a laptop in a room.", "A computer desk with a laptop computer sitting on top of it.", "A dark room with chairs and painting of coffee cups on the wall, and a laptop computer in the foreground.", "A room containing photos of coffee in mugs, chairs and a laptop computer"]
["a keyboard is in front of a laptop", "a desk a laptop a keyboard papers and drinks", "A desk that has several cups and a computer on it.", "A view of a desk with a computer and many coffee cups on it.", "A desk with a keyboard and a laptop on it."]
["Two big plates filled with some tasty looking food.", "a plate with chicken and some vegetables together", "two plates with a chicken meal and vegetables", "The food is sitting on two plates on the table.", "Seasoned chicken sits on top of roasted root vegetables."]
["a woman in a black dress on a skateboard", "A young lady in a black dress with high heeled sandals is on a yellow skateboard.", "A woman in high heeled shoes on a yellow skateboard.", "a sexy women that is on a skateboard", "Woman in black dress and high heeled shoes on small skateboard."]
["Skateboarder performing trick on side of ramp while his shirts off", "a guy on a skate board teetering on the edge of a ramp", "A man standing on a skateboard on a ramp.", "A young man skateboards on a quarter pipe ramp.", "a person that is skateboarding on a ramp"]
["A man riding his skate board down a slope .", "A skateboarder riding up an inclined concrete area.", "Young skateboarder going down a paved slope in front of onlookers.", "a person riding on a skate board down a hill", "A man in grey shirt riding on a skateboard."]
["A young boy riding a skateboard across a brick street.", "a boy is playing around on a skateboard", "A boy is playing on a skateboard in a plaza.", "a little boy riding a skate board on his knee", "A kid kneeling on a skateboard on a brick road."]
["Closeup of a piece of cake and fork on a plate.", "a close up of a slice of cake on a plate", "Fork on white plate next to partial slice of iced cake.", "There is a slice of cake on the plate. ", "A serving of carrot cake with white icing with a fork on a plate."]
["a young kid performs a grind trick on a skateboard ", "A woman in white shirt and pink shorts skateboarding.", "Person skateboarding on the edge of an arena design for skate boarding.", "She has on a lot of safety gear for skateboarding.", "a skateboarder in red shorts is doing a trick"]
["a man on a skate board is at a park", "A stylized photograph of a man in a basketball jersey riding a skateboard.", "A young man wearing a white tank top stands on his skateboard in a park.", "A young man is standing on a skate board in a skate park.", "A young man is skating on a skateboard at a park."]
["The dinner plate has asparagus, carrots and some kind of meat.", "A plate containing a piece of meat, baby carrots and asparagus.", "A plate at a table with a piece of meat, carrots and asparagus.", "some food is laying on a white plate", "The gourmet plate includes a meat and two sides."]
["A smiling woman and child standing on a ski slope.", "An adult and a child are skiing together down a hill.", "a couple of people are standing in skies in the snow", "Two people standing in the snow using skis.", "Two children pose for a photo while on skis."]
["A man holding a plate standing inside of a kitchen.", "A person cleaning a carrot in a kitchen with a stove.", "A person peeling a carrot in a kitchen.", "A man peeling raw carrots in his kitchen", "A man is in the kitchen preparing carrots."]
["A man cutting carrots on top of a blue cutting board with a knife.", "The chef dices carrots quickly on a cutting board.", "A man cutting carrots on a blue cutting board.", "A man cuts carrots on a blue cutting board.", "A man with a ring cutting carrots on a board"]
["a woman with a red hat is eating a hot dog", "Woman sitting in the crowd at a stadium and eating a hotdog.", "A person in a baseball hat holds a hot dog to their mouth in a crowded arena.", "Man devouring a large hotdog at a ball game", "A woman eating a hotdog at a baseball game."]
["A little boy is sitting on a skateboard.", "A young child playing with his toy atop a skateboard.", "The child played with the car on the skateboard.", "a small child sitting on a skate board", "A little boy playing with a truck on a skateboard."]
["The woman is eating a hotdog with a very long wiener. ", "a woman bites into a big sausage ", "A young lady is eating a hotdog that curls up.", "A woman that is eating an extra long hot dog.", "A woman eats a hot dog that is too long for its bun."]
["A hot dog with tomato, lettuce, and pickles.", "The hotdog has slices of tomato and pickle on it. ", "A yummy and organic looking hot dog ", "A hot dog with tomatoes and a pickle in a styrofoam container.", "A hot dog with tomatoes in a container."]
["A man holds up a Polish sausage on a bun. ", "A man holding up a hotdog in a bun with mustard.", "a male is holding a hot dog in a bun with mustard", "a man smiling holding a hot dog with mustard ", "Guy takes aselfie while holding up a hotdog"]
["A skateboarder performing a stunt in an urban area.", "a man on a skate board doing a trick on some cement ", "A boy jumping his skateboard on a city plaza.", "A young man skating on some stairs in a pavement", "The skateboarder in the red hat is jumping near a cement bench."]
["A man on a skateboard jumping onto a concrete bench. ", "A man is jumping a skateboard in a fenced area.", "m mmm mmmm mm m m m m m mmm  mm m ", "A man doing a trick on a skateboard on a bench.", "A person riding a skate board past a concrete bench."]
["A boy riding a skateboard on his knees. The child is very young.", "A small baby playing with a skateboard. ", "a small kid rides on a skate board ", "A very small boy in preppy clothes sitting on a skateboard.", "A little boy sits on a skateboard and pushes it with his feet."]
["A little boy sitting on top of a skateboard.", "Cute toddler boy in very cute outfit sitting on a skateboard", "A little boy sitting on a skate board inside of the room.", "A little boy wearing brown pants and a sweater vest sits on a skateboard in front of a couch.", "A little boy sitting on a skateboard in a living room."]
["A young boy who is laying on a skateboard.", "A young child laying on top of a skateboard.", "The little child is lying on the skateboard.", "A young boy laying on top of a skateboard.", "a little boy that is on a skateboard that is on the floor"]
["Two and a half hotdogs on paper plates are on a counter. ", "a couple of plates with some food on it", "Plates of hot dogs and cups of drinks on the table", "some hot dogs sitting on some paper plates ", "Breakfast and a glass of milk is on the table."]
["Young snowboarder being guided on slope by adult.", "A boy on a snowboard looks down a hill.", "A man walks behind a boy wearing sunglasses and a hat on a snowboard.", "A small boy is practicing how to ride a snowboard", "A boy wearing an orange snowsuit is learning to snowboard."]
["A person holding half of a sandwich at a table.", "A person holding a pizza pocket over a white plate.", "a person holding some food over a plate", "A person at a restaurant eating a sloppy beet sandwich.", "A person is going to eat a toasted sandwich with meat."]
["A hotdog is in a bread sandwich bun.", "Someone is holding a hot dog with mustard. ", "A person taking a picture of themselves holding a hotdog.", "A person is holding a hot dog in their hand.", "A close up of a person holding a hot dog to the camera."]
["A plate with a sandwich with an egg and French fries.", "A very up close shot of a tasty hamburger and french fries.", "White plate full of fries next to a sandwich.", "A burger and french fries on a table.", "A hamburger with several toppings sits in front of some orange french fries."]
["A roast meat sandwich with a green sauce sits on a plate with something fried to the side. ", "A grilled sandwich with cooked bananas on the side", "an image of a sliced panini sandwich on a plate", "A cut in half sandwich sitting on top of a white plate filled with meat.", "Sandwich plate with a few vegetables sitting on a plate. "]
["A girl holding a stick with a hotdog on the end of it roasting it in a fire.", "A woman in striped shirt poking a fire with a stick.", "LADY ALONG A PIER GETS FIRE GOING WITH THE OCEAN IN THE BACKGROUND", "A woman is roasting a hotdog over an open fire.", "A woman with a hot dog on a stick that she is holding in a fire pit."]
["Two hot dogs covered in chili and sour kraut.", "A hot dog bun stuffed with alot of  sauce.", "Two hot dogs in wrappers on a table.", "Two hotdogs with chilli an onions on a tray.", "Two hot dogs with toppings sit on foil wrappers."]
["A lady is holding her hot dog while posing for the camera. ", "A woman eating a hot dog at a local eatery.", "A woman sitting at a table eating a hot dog.", "Girl in glasses holding a hotdog with fries in her tray", "The woman is smiling because she is enjoying her food."]
["A man holding a plate of food while standing next to other people.", "A man stands and holds food on a plate.", "A man eating food from a plate that he is holding.", "Man in a black plaid shirt eating food while standing up. ", "a man is eating some food outside "]
["A man in a black shirt eating a sandwich", "A man outside eating some sort of food at night.", "A man eating at night on a sidewalk.", "A man with a black shirt holding a food item in his hands and looking at the camera at night.", "A young man is eating on a street side walk."]
["a small child standing in a living room eating something", "A picture of a little kid eating something.", "A toddler eats a big pastry that is wrapped in paper. ", "A young boy eating a sandwich in a wrapper.", "A toddler is enjoying a very large sub sandwich"]
["A table of food that includes peanuts and two hot dogs.", "A person sitting near a table with food and cigarettes on it.", "an image of a table set with various food items", "Two hot dogs with all the fixings and a bowl of peanuts.", "A large sandwich on a table, a bowl of snacks and someone holding a hot dog on a carry out tray."]
["A chicken and waffle sandwich on a plate.", "Stuffed food item displayed on white plate with fruit.", "A chicken and waffle sandwich is on a plate.", "STUFFED WAFFLE WITH BUTTER AND SYRUP AND A TOOTHPICK IN THE MIDDLE", "A waffle and chicken sandwich with syrup on top"]
["A baby sits at a white table and on the table are a baby bottle and a cupcake with a one sitting on it.", "A baby and her mother celebrating her first birthday with a cupcake and a burning candle.", "A baby girl sitting in front of a small cupcake with a candle. ", "A small child getting ready to blow out a birthday cupcake.", "A baby at the table with a candle in a cupcake."]
["A man holding a red snowboard while standing in snow.", "a snowboarder with a blue jacket is holding a red snowboard", "A man stands with his snowboard on a snowy hill.", "A young man is holding his snowboard in the snow.", "A man in outdoor winter clothes holds a snowboard."]
["People holding small soccer balls in their hands.", "A man and woman are signing autographs for fans.", "A group of people holding some kind of balls ", "Several people standing around with small balls in their hands while one man is signing one. ", "a crowd of people are all gathered inside "]
["A doughnut sitting on top of a brown napkin.", "A donut on a napkin with a fork on a table ", "A table with a beverage and a donut with a fork next to it. ", "A doughnut sitting on a napkin with a fork and a cup of coffee.", "A cake donut in front of a cup of coffee."]
["A person standing by a building with a doughnut.", "A WOMAN IS EATING A DOUGHNUT AND SMILING ITH IT IN HAND ", "There is a woman who is holding a donut.", "A woman with a cake and bag on the street", "A woman eating a doughnut with a smile on her face."]
["The person is cutting the crusts off of the sandwiches.", "The person is cutting the crust off of a sandwich. ", "A cutting board topped with two sandwiches next to drinks..", "Somebody cutting the crusts off a sandwich in a kitchen", "Sandwich with bean sprouts and tomatoes are being sliced. "]
["The bowl of soup and a sandwich is ready on the table. ", "There is soup in the bowl and a sandwich on a plate.", "a couple of plates that have some food on them", "A plate with a sandwich cut in half and a plate of soup.", "White plate with a sandwich cut in half with a bowl of cherries. "]
["Two plates of food sitting on the table ", "two plates of food with meat and tomatoes on a table ", "Two plates of good sitting on a table with lots of vegetables", "A table with two square plates covered with food on top of it.", "A big fat sandwich sits on a white plate ona  table by a potted plant and an ash tray."]
["A box full of different kinds of doughnuts.", "a white box with different kinds of donuts ", "there is a box of different flavored donuts ", "A box filled with some various pastries with various toppings.", "a close up of a box of doughnuts "]
["Five doughnuts are left in the open box.", "Donuts are sitting in rows next to each other in a box.", "There are five frosted donuts in a box.", "6 dessert treats in a white cardboard box.\n", "A box containing an interesting variety of donuts."]
["A girl in pink shirt eating a chocolate frosted donut.", "Young girl eating a chocolate pastry while sitting.", "A girl in pink is eating a donut.", "A little girl sitting on a chair eating a large chocolate donut", "Little girl in a pink shirt eating a chocolate donut."]
["A couple of glazed donuts on a plate.", "A plate full of glazed donuts and pastries.", "A white plate loaded with glazed donuts beside a plate with sugar donuts.", "A plate of donuts sitting on a table.", "Two white plates filled with deep fried donuts."]
["The man has dipped something in the bowl.", "A man places an object into a bowl sitting on the counter.", "A man preparing food inside of a kitchen.", "A man holding a doughnut over a bowl.", "A man is cooking desserts in a green kitchen with a green bowl. "]
["A little girl holding a paddle on a kayak.", "The girl is on the surfboard coming out of the water. ", "A child is sitting on a paddle board.", "A female paddles a kayak ashore from blue ocean to a sandy beach.", "A young person sitting on a wakeboard while holding an oar."]
["A couple of people standing on top of a sandy beach.", "people on the beach and some surfing board on the ground", "Surfboards laying on an empty beach by the ocean.", "a couple of surfboards sitting on a beach by some water", "Three surfboards on a beach with two people in the background."]
["A table topped with lots of different foods and sandwiches.", "A sandwich on french bread next to a wine glass.", "A table with a sandwich, sandwich makings and glasses of red wine.", "A very nice sandwich next to some glasses of wine.", "A lunch spread with a sandwich and glass of wine."]
["A cake is shown decorated with icing and fondant.", "Thee toy pigs are placed near what appears to be a model. ", "A cake decorated with three pigs in mud", "Green cake with a pair of pink pigs next to it. ", "Three marzipan pigs decorate a farm scene on a cake plate."]
["a close up of a sandwich and a cup of food", "A half eaten sandwich next to a partially eaten bowl of macaroni salad.", "A sandwich, fork and bowl of macaroni sitting on a wrapper.", "The sandwich with the macaroni salad is half eaten. ", "A sandwich, a plastic white fork, and a bowl of green macaroni salad."]
["A man sitting down at a table having a sandwich.", "Man sitting at wooden table eating and drinking wine.", "A smiling man eating matzah at a Passover Seder.", "A man holding up a piece of food at a dinner table.", "A man is smiling as he eats his passover dinner."]
["A small sandwich with lettuce and tomato on it.", "A person sets a mozzarella, basil, and tomato sandwich down upon their lap.", "A large sandwich has bread, cheese and lettuce.", "A sandwich filled with meat and vegetables on a bun.", "A sandwich between someones legs and a drink. "]
["A woman is sitting at a table and eating with two children.", "A group of people sit at a table with food.", "Woman with two kids watching tv while eating", "A mother and her two infants eat some food in the living room while watching a football game, from the fathers perspective.", "A woman sitting on the floor eating with two kids. "]
["A woman stands in the water next to someone on a blue surfboard.", "A surfing instructor teaching a student how to balance on a surf board.", "A boy is standing up on a surfboard in murky water.", "A person standing on a surfboard, with another person nearby in the water.", "A person walking and balancing on the front of a surfboard, in a calm body of water, with a person standing in the water behind the board."]
["Meat and food in between two slices of bread on a plate. ", "A sandwich with meat and sauce on a plate.", "A sub roll is stuffed with sliced and fried meat with sauce.", "Meats are piled high between bread to form a sandwich.", "This is an image of a sandwich on a plate."]
["A group of people that are walking down by the ocean.", "A group of males hanging out on a pier and about to go boarding.", "There is no image for me to write about.", "Boys are walking along a sidewalk by the water with a skateboard.", "A group of teen boys carry a surfboard by the water."]
["A woman cutting a sheet cake at a table.", "There are soldiers cutting some american flags cake", "A group of military personnel cutting into celebratory cakes", "The woman and the soldiers each cut into cakes.", "People are standing by cake on a flag tablecloth."]
["A persons work station complete with his lunch and drink.", "The sandwiches and drink on the tray sit next to the laptop computer on the bed.", "A plate of two burgers on it next to a bottle of beer.", "A laptop and a plate of food on a table.", "A couple of burgers on thick buns next to a beer and a laptop."]
["there is a little boy eating chocolate off a stick from a cake", "A group of toddlers tasting chocolate desserts in a park.", "A group of children standing by a table next to a chocolate cake. ", "Many toddlers and an adult are looking over a chocolate cake. ", "OUTSIDE PICNIC WITH LOTS OF CHILDREN AND A CHOCOLATE CAKE"]
["A little girl hugging another child next to a picnic table with food.", "Some very cute small kids by a table with some food.", "A boy and a girl hugging each other near a table. ", "a couple of kids are standing by a table with food", "several children standing next to a table filled with cakes and food"]
["A toddler eating food with a bib on the table. ", "A baby in a highchair with a mouth full of food.", "a young boy in a high chair with food in his mouth", "A baby is eating cake while sitting a high chair.", "A small child has food in his mouth while in his high chair."]
["Half a sandwich and salad on a plate at a restaurant", "A sandwich and a salad topped with tomatoes and salad dressing", "A half sandwich with lettuce and tomatoes on a plate. ", "An oval white plate that has salad and a sandwich on the side, with silverware next to the plate.", "A plate with a sandwich and salad with tomatoes and spinach leaves."]
["A surfer in black is riding a wave in the ocean.", "A man on a surf board in the middle of a wave.", "the silhouette of a man surfing through a crashing wave.", "guy surfs the waves on a hot summer day", "Silhouette of a man surfing a wave alone"]
["Two surfers in the water and one riding a wave.", "A surfer is surfing while someone swims nearby.", "A surfer rides a wave with another person in the foreground.", "A surfer catches a wave while another is heading back out.", "A man that is standing on a surfboard in the water."]
["Two women reaching for food on a table.", "Two women prepare a table for a bake sale.", "women holding cakes on some kind of cake sale", "Women are cutting and looking at desserts on a table.", "two women getting some food on a table "]
["a kid holding a soccer balll next a big window ", "A young boy catches a soccer ball in his house", "a small child is playing with a ball", "a small child holding a soccer ball in a room", "Small boy with no shirt on holding up a soccer ball. "]
["a room that has a really big window on it", "A very dark bedroom with unmade beds and a television.", "Black and white photograph of a cabin bed room in the woods", "A bed in a dark room beside an open window", "It is very dark in the room and there are pillows on the floor."]
["A brown dog laying on top of a bed next to stuffed pink bunnies.", "A dog laying on a bed near stuffed animals", "A dog laying on a bed chewing stuffed animals", "A dog laying on a blanket with head on a stuffed animal", "Brown dog laying on a bed with a pink bunnies near it. "]
["Blonde girls on a bus hold deflated soccer balls as a brown haired girl sits in the row of seats in front of them.\n", "Girls hold deflated soccer balls while riding on a bus. ", "Two girls sit on a bus with inflatable soccer balls.", "Kids on a bus with deflated soccer balls.", "A group of girls on a bus with deflated soccer balls"]
["A teddy bear laying in bed with a blanket over it.", "A teddy bear tucked into a bed that's been made", "A teddy bear tucked into blankets on a bed.", "A brown teddy bear in a bed under a blanket.", "Stuffed teddy bear covered with blanket in bed."]
["A room with a couch and a tv monitor ", "A room with a television, desk, chair, sneakers and a lamp in it. ", "A messy living room with desk, television, and couch.", "A living room filled with lots of furniture and a TV.", "A very messy looking room with a desk and a TV."]
["Young adults lying on fold away bed in living area.", "Several people are laying down in the bed together.", "Three people laying down on pull out couch and laughing", "A few people are laying on a pull out sofa bed.", "A bunch fo peopel kick back and rela on a couch"]
["A woman and a man in a wheel chair sitting in front of a table with a cake.", "An elderly man attempts to blow a birthday candle out.", "A man blowing out the candles on a birthday cake", "A man is blowing out candles on a cake while others applaud.", "Man in wheel chair blowing out candles on a brown cake. "]
["a bed that is in a room with brick walls", "Light is shining on a bed and other belongings.", "A bed has a blanket with a dear pattern on it.", "A room with a bed next to the window.", "A bedroom with a bed that has a deer bedspread."]
["a cat sleeping in the middle of a big bed ", "Someone did not bother to make a messy bed this morning.", "A bed sitting next to a window with blankets on top of it.", "The sun is coming through the window's blinds.", "A bed has white sheets and is near a window."]
["One person holds the back of a surfboard while another person stands on the front of it on one leg.", "One man in the water holds a surfboard while another man balances on the tip of the board.", "A girl standing on one leg on a surfboard while a man holds it straight.", "A person stands on one leg on one end of a surfboard while another person holds the other end.", "A man holding a surfboard with a woman jumping off of it."]
["Person holding a surfboard while walking along the beach.", "a man that is walking on a beach with a surfboard", "A surfer holds their board as they walk through the water", "A man walking on beach with a surfboard under his arm.", "A black and white photo of a man carrying a surfboard."]
["A woman laying on top of a surfboard in the ocean.", "an image of a man swimming on his surfboard", "A woman swims with her surfboard in the ocean. ", "A person laying on a surfboard in the water.", "A person paddling in the ocean after a day of surfing."]
["A person riding a surfboard in the ocean.", "A surfer dressed in black holding onto a surf board.", "a person that has a surfboard in the ocean", "A woman in a wetsuit wading in the surf holding onto a surfboard.", "A lady in the waters holding a surfboard close to the shore"]
["A small girl with face paint in front of a table of decorated cakes.", "A little girl standing in front an assortment of cakes with different colors on her face.", "a little girl standing by a table with some cakes on it", "A little girl standing in front of table with cakes on it.", "A little girl with decorated face in front of a table of cakes."]
["A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "a man is enjoying surfing the the raging waves.", "A man on a surfboard riding a large wave with one hand skimming against the water.", "a surfer in a red shirt is surfing on a white board", "A surfer is riding a big wave in the ocean. "]
["There is a man on a surf board in the ocean.", "A man on a surfboard riding a wave.", "A man is riding a wave on his surfboard.", "A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A man on a surfboard in the ocean, riding a wave as the water crashes behind him."]
["A cake made up with decorations of a knitting motif", "A photo of a sewing themed birthday cake.", "A large multi layer cake sitting on a glass plate with a frosting yarn ball and frosting knitting needles.", "A fondant birthday cake with yarn and knitting needles ", "A large multi layered cake has a ball of yarn and sewing needles on top."]
["A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A man surfing alone in the ocean waters", "a surfer in a wet suit is surfing on a white board", "A man is riding a wave while surfing.", "a person riding a surf board on a wave"]
["A blue cake has an orange bear with a red shirt on top.", "there's a winnie the pooh cake and a plate of cupcakes and a tier of cookies", "Dessert table with Cake, cupcakes, pie, and many more treats.", "there is a winnie the pooh cake and cup cakes", "A cake on a table with other desserts and pastries."]
["A bed with two books and pillows on it.", "A couple of books are placed on the bed. ", "Several pillows and books are on this bed.", "A bed that has two books on two different pillows.", "Two books are placed on pillows on a tidy bed."]
["An open book sitting on top of a blanket covered bed.", "A book with a pink and black cover sitting on a bed", "a close up of an open book on a messy bed", "An open book has been placed spine up on the sheets.", "An book is sitting open on a bed."]
["A young man jumping into the air on top of a soccer field.", "a man that is jumping up in the air", "A soccer player is kicking the soccer ball.", "The soccer player has both a mean kick and a mean face.", "a man in a red uniform kicking a soccer ball."]
["A small neat bedroom for an adult ", "The interior of a room with a bed near a window.", "A bed room furnished in an antique manner", "a bed with flowered wall paper and weird bedding", "A bedroom with flower wall paper, a bed, and a vase on a desk."]
["Women are running after the ball in a soccer game.", "Two girls on a soccer field playing soccer.", "there are many female soccer players playing on the field ", "Three women playing soccer in a very aggressive game.", "Two young women from opposing teams tangle while going for a soccer ball."]
["There are several beds in this room put together", "A bed on the floor in a small room.", "Three beds in a white bedroom with two windows.", "A flat bed is on the floor with blue blankets.", "The bed is made in the corner of the room"]
["People are on surfboards near the shore in the water.", "Two people who are standing on a beach.", "A couple people out in the water with surfboards.", "two people in a body of water with a wake board", "A couple of people standing on a foamy beach."]
["A partially made bed and a reading lamp", "A bed that is in a room with a blanket.", "a bed next to a window and a little light ", "A small bed and lamp in a room.", "a bed a dresser a lamp and a window"]
["A surfer carrying the board underneath it's arm.", "A man is running with his surfboard on the beach.", "A guy carrying a red and white surfboard runs down the beach.", "Adult running with with surfboard on beach with ocean", "A person running along the beach with a surfboard"]
["A man riding a wave on a surfboard in the ocean.", "A surfer is about to be wiped out by a small wave in the ocean.", "A surfer is riding on a large wave.", "A person on a surfboard riding a wave in the ocean.", "a surfer in a wet suit is surfing in a sunny day"]
["a surfer surfing on a sunny day and a pier in the background", "A man surfing in the ocean along the beach side.", "A surfer is riding on a wave in the sunshine.", "A surfer riding a wave at the beach.", "Man surfing on the ocean next to a city area."]
["A woman sits on a bed and holds a book.", " A girl laying on a bed posing for a picture.", "The woman is lying on the bed with a book in her hand. ", "Young woman lying face down on a large bed with a book.", "A lady in a dress lays on a bed holding a book."]
["A bed topped with lots of pillows next to a table.", "This bed includes five or more soft and supple pillows.", "there are many pillows on the bed ", "a bed room with a neatly made bed near a small desk", "a couple of pillows that are on a bed"]
["a man standing on his surfboard riding a big wave ", "A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard in the ocean.", "A young man standing on a surfboard in a wave", "A surfer is riding a wave in the ocean.", "A youth surfing on a body of water outside."]
["A cross hangs on a white wall next to a closet.", "A small bed and wooden wardrobe in a room.", "A bare room with religious paraphernalia on the walls.", "A sparse bedroom used by someone who is a Christian.", "a view of some ones bedroom with an open closet"]
["A man riding a board on top of a wave.", "A person posing for a picture in the middle of the water.", "a ocean that has a surfer in it", "a teen sitting on a surfboard in the water ", "The young boy is riding his surfboard in the waves."]
["A man standing next to another man while kicking a soccer ball.", "Two men in a soccer field chasing a ball", "Two soccer players pushing each other for the ball.", "Two soccer players appear to be pushing each other", "Two soccer players pushing against each other as they try to get to the ball."]
["A man falling down while looking at a soccer ball.", "An Asian football player in an action stance.", "Man in the middle of an action pose playing soccer.", "A soccer play is caught in action as he pursues the ball.", "An Asian man playing soccer in a field."]
["A man with gloves on running to kick a soccer ball. ", "An Asian male playing a game of soccer.", "A guy is outdoors playing soccer during the day.", "A soccer player gets ready to kick the ball.", "A man with a defensive look guarding against a soccer ball."]
["Two women on a balcony cooking on the grill.", "Some women who are cooking a pizza on a grill.", "A pair of woman grilling some pizza outside on the porch.", "a black and white photo of two women and a BBQ ", "Two girls standing on a porch grilling food on a grill "]
["A bed with a lot of pillows is next to a nightstand.", "A double bed has pink pillows and pillowcases.", "A bed with pillows, maroon sheets and a handset on the table", "a bed with a red cover and some red pillows", "A bed that has different pillows on it."]
["Two men are walking along the beach with surfboards.", "A couple of people with surfboards on a beach.", "two surfers on a beach with their surfboards", "Two men standing on top of a beach near the ocean.", "A pair of men in wet suits with surfboards heading towards the ocean."]
["There is a woman in a wetsuit in the water.", "a person riding a surf board on a body of water ", "a woman in a wet suit glides in on her surfboard in front of some gentle waves", "A woman riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A person surfing in shallow waves near the shore."]
["A pizza that is sitting on a metal platter.", "a woman looking at  a pizza with peppers and pepperoni on it", "A group of people sitting at a table next to a large pizza.", "a lot of people sitting at a long table eating pizza", "group of people in a restarant with a large pizza"]
["A surfer rides a wave on a sunny day. ", "A man riding a surfboard on top of a wave in the ocean.", "A man wearing black surfing attire surfs in the ocean ", "A man in wetsuit surgin on surfboard next to wave.", "A surfer is boarding through a wave in the ocean."]
["an image of a bedroom scene with furniture", "An old-fashioned bedroom has a canopy bed and a smaller bed.", "View of a crowded bedroom with big bed, coffee table and chairs", "A elegant bedroom featuring natural wood and a large window.", "A bedroom with a bed, mannequin and chairs."]
["A pizza with mushrooms, sauce and cheese is shown.", "A mushroom and meat pizza cut into slices.", "A mushroom and pepperoni pizza on a plate", "Five slices of a mushroom pizza on a white plate on a checked tablecloth", "A pizza on top of a plate with mushrooms."]
["Little girl with messy hands eating a cupcake with frosting on top.", "A young girl sitting in a chair eating a cupcake.", "A woman eating a piece of food with both of her hands.", "Little girl eating a cupcake with messy icing.", "A girl in white dress eating a cupcake on bench."]
["A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A surfer is on top of an ocean wave.", "A surf board rider in a wet suit riding a wave.", "A man is riding a surfboard on a wave in an ocean.", "A man wearing a wetsuit rides a wave on his surfboard."]
["A tray full of breakfast sitting on a bed.", "A breakfast in bed in a posh bedroom.", "a bed with white sheets and a tray of food on top", "LOOKS LIKE BED AND BREAKFAST WITH TRAY OF FOOD ON BED", "A tray of food that has been placed on a bed."]
["A group of people standing around a bed in a bedroom.", "people looking through a house this room has a canopy bed ", "The group of people are investigating the house ", "People walking through a bedroom with a four poster bed.", "A group of people viewing a house with a double bed with a Crucifix hanging in a room."]
["A pair of small dogs lying on a bed.", "Two adorable dogs enjoy a nap on a bed together.", "Two small dogs nap together on a couch.", "Two little dogs asleep on a bed together", "The two small dogs are laying down together."]
["two small dogs are laying on a human bed", "Two lazy dogs lounging in a dirty bed.", "Two small dogs laying down together on a small bed.", "Two small dogs lounge on a dirty bed. ", "two dogs are laying in a bed together"]
["A woman lays on a bed with a cat and a dog with a restraining collar.", "A woman is laying on a bed with two dogs.", "A woman laying in the bed with two dogs. ", "A woman rests with two dogs on the bed with her.", "A woman lying on a bed with blankets and pillows with two small dogs."]
["A surfer hitting a wave in the middle of the ocean.", "There is a man surfing through the water.", "A man is surfing a wave in the ocean.", "A surfer leans forward while riding within a spray of water.", "this man is riding a wave on a board"]
["A table holds a cheese pizza and condiments on a checkered tablecloth.", "A large cheese pizza atop a wooden cutting board.", "A pizza pie sitting on a board on a table", "The small personal pizza is on a kitchen counter.", "An artisan pizza sitting on a table with a plaid table cloth."]
["A dog with a lazy look lying on a bed.", "A white dog with a black eye laying on a blanket.", "A white dog laying on a plush blue comforter.", "A dog laying on top of a blanket on a bed.", "A very cute dog laying down on a big bed."]
["A bed that has different objects on it.", "A card, envelop, and doll on a blanket. ", "A letter, a card and a doll are laying on a bed.", "A card and toys sitting on a bed in the house.", "A card and an envelope with a pink ribbon and a doll on a bed."]
["A beer and pizza sitting on a picnic table.", "A pizza and a cup of beer on a table. ", "A personal pizza with several toppings and a beer in a glass.", "Pizza and beer sitting on a picnic table.", "A table outside a restaurant with a pizza and large glass of beer."]
["A man stretches to hit the tennis ball. ", "A man swings his racket to return a tennis ball.", "A man hitting a tennis ball from the back of the court in the daytime.", "A person that is playing in a tennis game.", "A man jumping in the air while swinging a tennis racket."]
["A flat screen tv sitting on top of a wooden dresser.", "a desk with a monitor and some remote controls", "A desk with a television and various remotes.", "a desk that has a tv and different remotes sitting on it ", "A TV is shown on the side of a counter."]
["A wall with three different framed photos of tennis players and a tennis racket under each frame.", "The raquets are displayed by the pictures of the famous people.", "Three tennis rackets are hanging on a wall under three pictures", "Three tennis rackets are fixed to a wall with pictures above them.", "A pictures mounted to a call next to tennis racquets."]
["A couple of kids preparing food while standing in a kitchen.", "a couple of kids that are making a pizza", "Three kids in the kitchen making pastries. ", "Young children posing for photo while preparing food items in kitchen.", "A boy and girl fixing a home made pizza at a counter."]
["a couple of pizzas that are on some pans", "a personal pizza covered with mushrooms, eggs, meat, and other ingredients", "The large pizza has different sections of toppings on it.", "Personal pizza with assortment of mushrooms eggs and meat slices.", "there is a large pizza with many toppings on it"]
["A young girl sitting at a table that has two pizzas and a pepsi beverage glass on it.", "A girl enjoying a meal at a pizza restaurant", "A little girl sitting at a table eating pizza and soda.", "A child sits at a table that holds several pizzas and a drink.", "A girl is at a table with two pizzas."]
["Two tennis players with rackets and a ball as a crowd watches", "Two tennis players at a competition practice before a game", "Two women are standing on a tennis court with a ball.", "Two women in white dresses during a game of tennis.", "A pair of women standing on a court with tennis racquets."]
["A female tennis player about to hit a ball.", "a woman standing at the end of a tennis court bouncing the ball ", "A young woman holding a tennis ball and a tennis racquet\n", "Woman in white tennis outfit holding a tennis ball and racket on the court. ", "A woman with a racquet and a tennis ball."]
["A person cutting a pizza with a pizza cutter.", "someone cutting a pizza on a wooden board", "Someone cutting a small pizza with a pizza cutter. ", "Person using a pizza cutter to slice the pizza on the cutting board", "A person cuts a pizza with a pizza cutter. "]
["women on a tennis court playing a game of tennis ", "Four people compete in a doubles tennis match.", "four people on the tennis court playng a doubles match ", "There are people playing a game of tennis.", "Four people playing tennis on a tennis court with onlookers."]
["A young girl holding a piece of food and her hand over her mouth.", "Young girl eating baked item at table in public eating area.", "A young girl eating a pizza while seated on a chair", "A kid sitting at a table with some food.", "a cute little eating food with her hands"]
["a laptop in use and a glass of lemon", "A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden table.", "a laptop with some containers around it and a full glass on it ", "Open laptop with a mixed drink on the keyboard.", "An open laptop with several bottles and glasses nearby."]
["Man who is relaxed and slouched reading the newspaper waiting for something.", "The man sitting on the chair is reading the paper", "The man is sitting down and going through his paperwork.", "A man in a business suit looking through files.", "A man seated in an armchair working on paperwork."]
["A cluttered desk with a laptop and a computer on it.", "office area with computers, telephone, and lots of books", "Two desktop computers and a laptop are sitting on a desk.", "An office desk area with laptops, books, and various other items.", "A busy desk holds several computers, telephones, and Styrofoam cups. "]
["A couple of tennis players pose for the camera.", "A man and woman embracing each other while holding rackets on a tennis court.", "A couple is posing together on a tennis court.", "A man and woman standing on a tennis court holding rackets.", "A man and woman with their arms around each other at a tennis court."]
["a cooked pizza near an uncooked pizza ", "One cooked and one uncooked pizza sitting on wooden paddles.", "A pizza that is sitting on a wooden board.", "The pizza includes a variety of great ingredients.", "The pizza sitting on the pizza paddle has chicken on it."]
["A chair with a cloth sits beside a table with a pot on it.", "A vase is on a table next to a chair.", "A vase filled with green leafy plants next to a chair.", "A ceramic vase with some flowers next to a chair.", "A room with a chair, blanket, and potted pant."]
["A woman holding a racquet on a tennis court.", "Woman in white tennis outfit holding a tennis racket. ", "A professional female tennis player engaged in competition on grass.", "Woman wearing white standing on a tennis court.", "A female tennis player is stopped for a picture as the crowd watches down court."]
["this is a tennis player about to hit a tennis ball", "A female tennis player wearing white on a grassy field. ", "The woman is playing tennis on the court. ", "A women who is on a tennis court in the ready position.", "A young woman playing tennis on a grass court."]
["A little girl sitting by a freshly made pizza.", "THERE IS CHILD THAT IS EATING PIZZA AND LOOKING ", "There is a spinach pizza in front of the blond girl.", "Some kids near a pizza topped with greens.", "A girl looking at something as a pizza sits by her."]
["a lady that has a tennis racket in her hand", "A woman that is standing on a court with a racquet.", "a tennis player with a racket on a court ", "A woman holds up her tennis racket on a court.", "A woman waits for a serve as she plays tennis"]
["a tennis player getting ready to hit a serve ", "A man in all white serving a tennis ball into the air.", "a man is standing on a court with a tennis racket", "A tennis player getting ready to serve the ball.", "A tennis player preparing to hit his service toss."]
["A man getting ready to hit a tennis ball with a racket.", "a tennis player is about to hit a tennis ball", "a man standing on a tennis court getting ready to hit a tennis ball ", "A man is swinging a racquet at a ball on a tennis court. ", "A MALE IN THE PROCESS OF HITTING A TENNIS BALL ON THE TENNIS COURT"]
["four people playing tennis on a tennis court.", "A doubles tennis match with half empty spectator seats.", "Playoff match in tennis doubles is being played.  ", "Four people playing in a tennis doubles match. ", "four tennis players on a tennis court playing doubles tennis"]
["A group of tennis players at a professional tennis game, its nobles.", "Doubles tennis match on a real grass court", "a live tennis match of doubles taken from the stadium ", "Two mixed couples playing a tennis match in an arena.", "A crowd of people watching a tennis match."]
["Two people who are playing tennis on a tennis court.", "Two people playing doubles on a grass tennis court. ", "A man and a woman playing doubles tennis.", "A couple of people standing on a tennis court.", "A pair of people playing tennis on a court."]
["Walking the court prepares the tennis player for his upcoming match.", "A tennis player walking on a grass court.", "A man holding a racquet on top of a tennis court.", "a guy walking on a court carrying a stick", "a man is holding a tennis racket on a court"]
["Pepperoni pizza with greens, being eaten with a fork and knife.", "A peperroni pizza has one slice taken out of it.", "a plate with some meat and veggies on some flatbread", "two different pizzas with a fork and knife", "A knife and fork on a plate of pizza topped with arugula."]
["A pizza in a box that only has three slices left.  ", "a half ate pizza that is on a box", "A pizza sitting on top of a white tray.", "There is piece of pizza in the box.", "Three slices remaining of a pizza in a box."]
["The young boy is learning how to play tennis.", "Small boy in track pants and a blue T-shirt swinging at a tennis ball on a tennis court.", "A little boy trying to hit a tennis ball with a tennis raquet.", "A young boy is swinging a racket at a tennis ball.", "A young child taking a swing at a  tennis ball"]
["A fresh pepperoni pizza seems to have a couple of slices missing. ", "A pizza is shown on a platter with a serving knife.", "Hot, cheesy pizza is waiting to be eaten.", "Thick crust pepperoni pizza in a pan with serving utensil on a table.", "a pan pizza with pepperonis and a spatula"]
["A knife and a pizza cut into slices on the plate", "a sliced pizza with pinepple sitting on a pizza pan ", "One slice has been taken from this pineapple pizza. ", "A pizza sitting on top of a pizza pan under a metal spatula.", "Sliced pizza on service platter ready for consumption."]
["A man standing on a tennis court holding a tennis racquet", "A man waits to react during a tennis match.", "A crowd is watching a tennis game being played.", "A man is playing a competitive game of tennis.", "A man with a racket in his hand while playing tennis in front of a crowd. "]
["A person is eating a seafood pizza with a knife and fork", "A person getting ready to eat a pizza and drink a beer.", "A pizza sitting on top of a yellow checkered table cloth being cut with a knife and fork.", "A knife and fork are digging in to a pizza.", "A person cutting into a pizza with a fork and knife."]
["Toothbrushes and toothpaste lay on the counter by the sink.", "Toothpaste and toothbrushes lean on the edge of a sink.", "Toothbrushes and toothpaste on the edge of a sink.", "A tube of tooth paste sitting next to two tooth brushes.", "A tube of toothpaste and two toothbrushes on the side of a sink.\n"]
["A teacher shows the students their new assignment.", "A woman sitting at a desk in front of three kids.", "A man sits at a desk drawing as children watch.", "A teacher is surrounded by three asian students. ", "A woman sitting in a desk with children surrounding her."]
["A person with glasses and a shirt in a room.", "a man with black eye glasses holding something in his hands", "A man is holding something in front of the camera.", "The man is holding an object in his hands.", "a man is bending something with his hands"]
["A young man with red hair kicking a soccer ball.", "A young soccer player is trying control the ball while the other players observe. ", "A soccer player kicking the ball with his right foot.", "There is a male soccer player balancing the ball on his foot", "a group of young people playing soccer on a field"]
["A group of people sitting next to each other in front of a TV.", "Young students sitting in a classroom, watching a person on a television screen.", "A group of kids viewing a television in a classroom.", "Students in a classroom watching a lecture on television.", "A couple of kids are sitting in a classroom "]
["A baby boy is laying on a couch.", "A small boy with a toothbrush laying on a couch", "A small child lying on a couch holding a toothbrush.", "A boy laying on top of a couch holding a tooth brush.", "A young boy laying down with a toothbrush"]
["Two children playing in a living room with hardwood floors.", "small children in a living room, one with a fireman's helmet, and the other with food smeared on his face", "Two children playing in a small living room.", "Two children who are standing in a living room.", "A couple of toddlers playing together in a living room setting."]
["A cat that is walking underneath a television. ", "the front door is open and the cat is looking", "The front door of the house is open to let some air inside. ", "Large television mounted on a living room wall facing open door. ", "A living room with a cat, television, coffee table, and couch."]
["A little girl sitting next to a little boy.", "Happy children sitting on a bed playing Wii", "Two kids sitting on a bed playing a video game.", "Two young children sitting on a bed playing a video game.", "Two children smile as they sit on the bed playing video games."]
["The child is putting the tooth brush in his mouth.", "a little boy holding onto a toothbrush meant for a grown up", "A little boy chewing on a tooth brush that is still in the wrapper.", "A CHILD HOLDING A TOOTH BRUSH PACKET IN HIS MOUTH.", "a little boy with a unopened toothbrush in his mouth"]
["A little boy sitting on the floor in his pajamas.", "A toddler in pajamas and socks cleaning his teeth", "A very young child wearing pajamas is on the tile floor.", "Person on a tiled floor eating something with back of legs of someone else visible behind them.", "A toddler with blue boots is sitting on the floor"]
["A boy standing on a WiiFit board holding a Nintendo Wii controller.", "A young boy playing Wii fit in the living room", "A little boy is playing on a Wii video game.", "A young child stands on a board while using a video game remote.", "a little boy standing on a video game platform in a living room and holding video game controllers."]
["A man sits with his cat while he plays on his Wii.", "A man sitting with a black cat and holding a remote controller.", "A person sitting on a couch next to a cat and holding a remote.", "A man sitting on a red couch with a black cat.", "A person holding a controller pets his cat."]
["A side by side comparison of the same room in the past and present.  ", "A spit photo of the a contemporary and older/traditional living room.", "The living room has been updated with modern furniture.  ", "A comparison photo of a living room with a couch.", "Two photos of a corner of a room with a chair and a couch."]
["A group of people in a room with remotes.", "People are playing some video games on television.", "a number of people sitting and standing playing nintendo wii", "two people playing wii with an onlooker ", "a group of people standing in front of  a t.v."]
["A mattress leaning up against a wall under track lighting.", "A room with new flooring and a bed against the wall", "A family room with wood floor and beige walls and a mattress leaning against a stone wall.", "A mattress is leaned up against a wall", "A living area with many windows and a bed propped against a wall."]
["a couple of men are playing video games in a room", "Two men sitting on a couch holding remotes in their hands.", "Two men are playing a video game while on the couch", "There are two men playing a game with remotes.", "Two men are sitting on a couch playing video games."]
["A group of people sitting together holding Nintendo Wii controllers.", "A group of people sit around with video game controllers.", "Five people are sitting together playing a video game.", "A group of people in a living room playing video games. ", "People laughing and playing a game with a plate of food on the floor."]
["A woman sitting down holding a Nintendo Wii controller.", "A woman holding a baby plays Wii while feeding it a bottle.", "A woman is holding a baby and playing video games", "A woman is feeding her baby while playing WII.", "a female laying on a couch feeding a baby and playing a game"]
["A little boy playing a Wii game in his living room.", "A little boy plays a Wii video game.", "A little boy is standing near a table playing a Wii.", "Little boy standing in front of a table holding remotes for video game.", "The young child is playing a game on a Wii console."]
["A living room has an entertainment center with television and shelves.", "The large television is next to a book case.", "Large screen television sitting next to a set of stairs. ", "A television is beside a bookshelf with vases.", "A large flat screen TV sitting in a living room next to a stair case."]
["a man in black leaning back holding a game controller ", "A man with his black shirt unbuttoned holding a remote.", "A hirsute man in black attire holds a wii remote.", "A man with his shirt unbuttoned is playing a video game.", "A swarthy man plays Nintendo Wii with his shirt open."]
["Man playing WII while and infant and dog interact.", "a toddler playing with a chihuahua on a bed ", "A man sitting on couch playing WII while a baby and a dog watch.", "A man sitting on a bend next to a puppy and a baby./", "The baby plays with her dog and Dad plays with his Nintendo W''."]
["a young man is using a wii remote controller", "A boy controlling his video game system with a remote control.", "A guy in a black shirt holding a controller and smiling.", "A young man standing in front of a shelf and holding a game remote.", "Guy stands next to shelf while playing the Wii"]
["A man and woman are playing a video game near each other.", "A man and woman playing the WII together while friends watch. ", "A couple of people standing with a remote.", "A group of people who are holding white remote controls.", "Two people are playing wii together and laughing as people watch.  "]
["A living room filled with furniture both in the day and the night.", "A before and after photo is shown of a living room", "Two photos of a living room- one without a ceiling fan, one with the fan installed. ", "An all white living room has been transformed with a bit of color on the walls.", "Two side-by-side photos of different living room settings."]
["A living room filled with furniture in the time and the same living room at night.", "Living room updated with new furniture, curtains, and painted walls. ", "A living room set up with good and bad lighting.", "A LIVING ROOM AND A STUDY ROOM SHOWN IN TWO PICTURES.", "Two views of a living room show before, and after redecorating."]
["a living room with blue chairs and a book shelf ", "Room with a couch and two chairs and a bookcase.", "A living room filled with furniture and other accessories. ", "The livingroom has two couches, a coffee table, and a full bookshelf.", "A bunch of furniture in a living room with decor"]
["A man sitting on a touch holding a game controller.", "A man sitting on a sofa holding a game controller.", "Person with a device sitting in a living room.", "A man sitting on a couch playing with a game system.", "A man lounging on a sofa holding a Wii remote."]
["there is a woman sitting on the couch playing a video game", "Two young people playing computer games in the front room.", "A girl sitting on a futon couch while playing video games.", "A girl playing a game with a remote controller.", "A girl sits on a futon holding a game controller while a man sits on another chair side her."]
["Two young women standing in a living room holding Wii game controllers.", "Two people in a living room are playing an interactive video game.", "Two women playing a game with Nintendo Wii controllers.", "Two girls playing a video game in a living room.", "Two people stand in a living room playing with Wii remotes."]
["A woman sitting on the couch playing wii with a dog sitting next to her.", "A woman holding a remote with a dog sitting beside her on a couch.", "a dog laying on a the couch next to a woman holding a wii mote ", "A pretty young lady sitting on a couch next to a dog.", "The dog is sleeping on the couch that is covered in a striped blanket."]
["Business men are watching a person play a video game. ", "A group of people who are standing in front of a television.", "Men standing in front of a tv watching Wii tennis.", "A group of people standing around watching a tennis video game.", "some people are watching a person play a video game"]
["A man kneeling over a laptop computer on a table.", "A man holding a wii remote bending over a laptop", "A man standing over a laptop with a remote.", "A man leaning over a white laptop on a table.", "A man looking at a laptop next to a beer can and speaker."]
["A guy is typing on a laptop computer.", "a man holding a wii controller typing on a laptop", "A man that is bent over touching a laptop.", "A man holding a video game controller while typing on a laptop.", "there is a man on the computer typing "]
["A man leaving over a laptop computer next to sound equipment.", "A man in a black shirt and black pants on a laptop in a club. ", "Two men eagerly looking at the screen on a laptop.", "Man drinking a beer on a white computer.", "Two men working on a computer on a wooden table."]
["Two men sitting on a couch playing a game system.", "Two men sitting on a couch playing Nintendo Wii.", "Two men are sitting while holding Nintendo Wii remotes.", "The two men sit with video game remotes in hand.", "A couple of men sitting on a couch with remotes."]
["The dogs are looking like they are interested in the game.", "Even their dogs enjoy watching them play computer games.", "two brown and white dogs and some people and a table", "THIS IS A PHOTO OF TWO DOGS AND AT LEAST THREE PEOPLE ARE PLAYING WII", "A couple of brown dogs sitting on top of a couch."]
["Several dogs and people lay on a couch as one man in jean stands with a remote in his hand.", "Two people are sitting next to two dogs.", "A man sitting on a couch with two dogs.", "two dogs seated together watching something attentively accompanied by two men", "Two dogs sitting on a couch together with a person."]
["Two men playing a wii with game controllers.", "A couple of guys playing with the Nintendo Wii when a lady is in the background.", "Two men in a room holding wii remotes.", "Two men pare shown using the Wii remotes.", "Two grown men standing and playing with Wii game controllers in their hands."]
["A woman holding a Nintendo Wii controller in her right hand.", "A girl focused on playing a video game while holding a Wii Remote.", "A woman in glasses and a red hat plays Wii.", "A young woman is playing WII with her tongue out.", "A man holds an electronic device over his head."]
["A young man holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.", "A man holding remote up with his hand.", "A man swings his arm while playing on a Wii. ", "A man holding something with some beakers on a table like a science experiment.", "A man playing wii next to a coffee table."]
["A remote controller made by Sony with a disclaimer on it.", "Remote control displayed on computer bag in commercial advertising.", "a close up of a remote control on a luggage bag", "A remote control sitting on a laptop computer bag.", "A gray remote control sitting on a desk"]
["A woman is playing with a Nintendo Wii.", "The woman is playing the video game in the room. ", "A woman standing up in a room and holding a Wii video game controller in her hand.", "woman holding a wii controller in a living room", "An asian woman trying to learn an electronic device."]
["We are looking at a comfortable looking living room.", "A living room for a family with chldren", "A living room with a fire place and a tv on a stand.", "A large white colored living room with red curtains and a fireplace.", "a living room cluttered with books and photograpohs"]
["a living room with a couch some chairs and a tv", "A living room cluttered with pink flamingos, knick-knacks, etc.", "A living room filled with furniture and pink flamingos.", "A living room including chairs, a small dog, and pink flamingos", "The room is equipped with a comfortable arm chair."]
["A room with two flamingos, a couch, a chair, an ottoman and a television in it. ", "A living room has a couch, chair, television, and plastic flamingos in it. ", "A crowded living room with a sofa, chair with foot rest, and several other items of decoration and furniture in it.", "A living room filled with furniture and a TV.", "a living room with a couch a tv and a lamp"]
["A little girl holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.", "Young girl in front of a TV playing Nintendo Wii.", "A girl plays Wii bowling while several boys cheer her on.", "Kids are playing video games inside a fast food restaurant.", "A girl lunges forward as she plays with the Wii. "]
["A woman standing in a room holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.", "Two women play a video game while standing in a living room.", "Two woman holding up Wii remote controls, with a concentrating look in their face.", "Two women play a Wii video game while a cat lays on the floor.", "Two women playing a game with a Nintendo Wii controller."]
["Two women are standing next to each other.", "Two women are standing playing with a nintendo wii.", "Two adult woman are playing Wii games with their controllers.", "Two young women playing wii in an apartment.", "A photo of two women playing on the Wii."]
["A group of people standing around playing video games", "Group of people standing in a bar with a man holding a Wii controller. ", "A large group of men playing video games.", "A man is stadning in front of a crowd playing Wii ", "People inside a public establishment playing with a video game."]
["The cords of the computer and it's peripherals are jumbled up.", "A monitor screen, mouse and a keyboard on the table", "a laptop and keyboard on some kind of desk", "a desk covered with a computer and a lot of wires ", "The computer has too many cords to be effective."]
["a keyboard a monitor a brown desk and headphones", "A surge protector with a slew of wires can be seen beneath an L shaped desk that  displays a number of pieces of electronic equipment and complementary items,  all neatly arranged, including a computer and keyboard. ", "A small desk set up with a variety of electronics\n", "A computer has been turned on in a home office.", "A computer desk with keyboard, monitor, mouse and headphones on it."]
["A living room filled with furniture next to a projection screen.", "A living room featuring a projection screen and recording equipment.", "This room is furnished with a couch, bicycle, desk, chairs, coffee table, keyboard, and projector screen.", "Bicycle stored upside down in front of a window in a living room. ", "a living room with a big screen and a desk "]
["All of the electronics are displayed, and the work area neat.", "A desk with a midi controller to make music with. ", "A desk with a lap top and a computer and keyboard on top of it.", "An electronic keyboard hooked up to two computers.", "A musical keyboard with a laptop, monitor and other equipment sitting on a table."]
["a mouse and keyboard in front of a computer", "This is a stylized shot of a computer mouse and keyboard", "A closeup view of a mouse and keyboard connected to a desktop computer.", "Close-up of a mouse on a desk with other Apple hardware produces.", "A mouse sits next to a keyboard on a white surface."]
["Three people posing for a picture in front of a cell phone case.", "A man and two women are posing by some phones.", "A snapshot of a family at a store taking a picture together.", "A man and a woman sitting in front of a counter in a store. ", "A group of people sitting closely together in a store."]
["a close up of a small older cell phone", "A person holds up a cell phone while a man reaches for it. ", "Somebody's hand holding up a flip phone in front of somebody.", "Two people talking while one holds a mobile phone.", "A person holds up an old flip style cell phone"]
["A computer desk sitting in a living room with a monitor on top of it.", "A home office with bookshelf, computer desk with computer, a chair and a sofa in it", "A very neat and orderly lookind one room studio apartment..", "A living room with couch, book case and computer desk", "A brown desk is against a red wall."]
["Cluttered blue carpet with notebooks and video games.", "A pile of things that came out of a kids back pack.", "An umbrella, notebook, cell phone, and calculator laying on the floor. ", "Miscellaneous items including an umbrella, notebooks, a calculator and other odds and ends. ", "an umbrella some notebooks a cellphone and many other items"]
["An antique style clock is on a post in a park.", "A clock is on top of a statute in a park. ", "There is a large clock post in the center of a park. ", "A tall and narrow pole holds up a big, square clock in the middle of a park.", "Large square clock tower with a thin elongated neck."]
["A courtyard has a clock in the middle of it.", "A clock sitting in the middle of a park with lots of trees.", "a college campus, with a big clock in middle, with lots of trees", "There is a clock on top of a pole in the center of the grounds.", "A lamppost clock in front of an institution "]
["a clock tower in the middle of a paved area in a park", "Pole sitting in the center of a park has a clock on top", "Very pretty clock with the base surrounding by brick floor", "A four faced clock in the middle of a wide open field.", "The four sided clock on a pole is circled by a brick walkway."]
["A living room filled with furniture and lamps.", "A living room with a couch, television, and chairs.", "A well lit wood-floored living room with couches and an end table.", "A long living room with furniture, wooden chairs and a television.", "a brown couch a brown chair a table and a ceiling fan"]
["A TV sitting on top of a wooden TV stand.", "a living room with a view of a tv on a stand on hardwood floors", "A television sitting on top of a television stand. ", "A tv set on a stand with speakers on the side.", "A TV in an entertainment center in a living room."]
["A little girl is holding a kite in front of a field of people flying kites.", "this is a girl holding a kite with other people ", "A young girl holds the tail of a colorful kite in a large gathering of people.", "A little girl and people in a field flying kites.", "A girl holding up a kite on a field by other kites."]
["A group of people that are standing in the grass flying kites.", "A person outside in a park flying their kite.", "A person in a grass field flying a kite.", "A group of people standing on top of a field flying kites.", "A woman flying a kite in a field with a dress on."]
["A kite shaped like a jet flys through the air.", "A large airplane kite with streamers on the tail", "Large kite with an orange tail being flown on a sunny day. ", "A flying kite with a curly tail mimics a Blue Angels' jet", "An elaborate multi-tiered kite has a long red spiral tail."]
["A river with a bunch of colorful kites flying over it.", "A bunch of kites are above a river", "some people on a bank flying kites and water", "some colorful kites flying in the air above a river ", "a bunch of kites that are being flown in the sky."]
["A young child is flying a kite in a spacious field.", "A small boy playing with kites in a field.", "A small child in a grassy area flying a kite.", "A kid in a field playing with a kite way too close to power lines.", "A small boy flying a kite in a yard in front of a car lines street."]
["A bunch of vases are arranged in a store window", "An arrangement of vases and colored bottles in a store front window display", "Art glass vases for sale decorate the window of an antique shop.", "Blown glass bottles and vases sit in the window of a shop.", "a shelf with a bunch of glass vases on top of it "]
["Various kites flying in the wind with the beach in the background", "a group of kites attached on to fishing poles on the beach", "Many decorations hanging up in front of the beach.", "Pretty balloons attached to poles at the beach.", "A bunch of kites hanging on poles on the beach"]
["A group of people in a city park many are flying kites.", "a group of people watching kites in the sky", "Scattered kites dot the sky above a field filled with people.", "A park with several people in it and kites in the sky.", "A crowd of people flying kites with a city skyline in the background."]
["Kites being flown by a crowd of young children on a cloudy day.", "A group of people fly kites on a windy day.", "A group of people standing around a park flying kites.", "Groups of people at a park flying kites.", "A group of children are flying kites against the white sky."]
["a person in a kimono looking at computer mice in the store", "Man in native clothing looking at display of electronic equipment.", "A man wearing a Chinese rob in front of a store display.", "A man in a robe stands in a store in front of the Microsoft Mouse rack.", "The people are standing in front of displays of computer hardware."]
["A boy walking across a field while flying a kite.", "a small kid runs pulling a kite ", "A little boy flying a kite in the middle of the grass.", "This young child is running in a field with a kite", "a boy is flying a kite in a field"]
["A girl flying a kite as two kids watch.", "Several young children flying a kite in a field.", "A little girl flying a kite on a lush green field.", "A child is flying a kite with other children in the field.", "Three children fly a kite while standing on grass with trees in the background."]
["Three people flying a rainbow kite on a sunny day.", "A SMALL GROUP OF PEOPLE ARE OUT FLYING KITES", "A group of people standing under a cloudy blue sky flying a colorful kite.", "The people are enjoying watching the kite in the sky. .", "a couple flying a rainbow kite in the sky"]
["A person that is flying a kite in the air.", "A girl flies a kite over her head. ", "A little girl is jumping and flying a colorful kite.", "A pretty little girl flying a kite on a lush green field.", "A little girl flying a pink and purple kite with polka dots."]
["an open fully stocked fridge with eggs and soda", "An open refrigerator filled with drinks and food. ", "An open white fridge full of food and drinks. ", "Door is open to an older modestly stocked refrigerator. ", "The fridge in the kitchen, is filled with leftovers."]
["Two computers that are sitting on a desk.", "A desk with a computer monitor, keyboard and mouse and a laptop computer.", "There is a laptop computer next to a desktop computer.", "A person uses a laptop on a desk with another computer. ", "A person typing on one computer with another adjacent. "]
["A woman running through a green field while flying a kite.", "a person in the field playing with some kites", "A young female running down a grassy hill flying a kite.", "A person is running with a kite in the air.", "A girl wearing green is flying a kite"]
["A white clock mounted to a white wall next to a curtain.", "A clock which is in bad shape mounted on a wall.", "A clock with roman numerals hanging on the wall next to flower patterned drapes.", "a close up of an old clock hanging on a wall", "A wall holds a rustic clock and curtains. "]
["A vase on a table with tulips in it", "a white vase with many roses in it", "A vase of tulips sits on a desk. ", "A white vase holding pinkish purple colored tulips.", "A white glass vase with several pink flowers."]
["A man flying a black and yellow kite", "A kite flying in the air attached to a mans waist.", "A person is flying a kite in a field on a cloudy day.", "A person standing in a field flying a kite.", "A man flies a kite in the middle of a large grassy area"]
["A baseball player swinging a bat near home plate.", "A guy is hitting a ball with a bat while some other people look on. ", "A man who is swinging at a ball with a bat.", "a man that is swinging a baseball bat", "The men are in uniform trying to hit the baseball. "]
["A group of boys in baseball uniforms on a ball field.", "A boy in a baseball uniform running towards his teammates. ", "A baseball player running towards his teammates. ", "Opposing baseball teams meet to shake hands with each other.", "This is a baseball player running towards the rest of his team smiling."]
["a fence some baseball players and a sign", "A baseball player is getting ready to bat the ball and there is a sign behind him on the fence. ", "there is a memorial of roberto clemente next to a baseball field", "A baseball player holding a bat on top of a field.", "Career highlight information about Robert Clemente at a baseball field during a baseball game."]
["People are watching a man swing at an approaching baseball. ", "A young man is taking practice swings on the field. ", "A man swinging a bat at a ball.", "A man batting barely delivering hit to ball", "A man hits a baseball with a bat while a group of spectators watch him"]
["A person relaxes with a laptop on a balcony overlooking a street.", "Someone taking it easy on their balcony overlooking the ocean in the distance.", "a person on a balcony with a laptop ", "Someone is kicking back on the outside balcony. ", "A person rest their feet and works on a computer."]
["A baseball field with players playing a game", "A bunch of players playing a baseball game.", "A baseball pitcher pitching a ball during a game.", "A pitcher is making a throw to the batter at a baseball game.", "A pitcher throws a ball at a baseball game"]
["A boy and girl playing t-ball in a back yard.", "two kids in a yard hitting a ball off of a stand", "Two children playing tee ball in the yard.", "Two young children with red bat and ball in outdoor setting.", "Two children with a bat and t-ball stand trying to hit the ball."]
["this is a child spinning around a bat outside", "A person spinning herself on a blue baseball bat.", "A girl plays a very dizzying game with a baseball bat.", "a person placing their head on a bat and turning circles", "A woman is leaning her head down on a blue baseball bat."]
["A poster of a professional baseball player with another person's head superimposed on top.", "A mans head in a cut out hole of a body holding a bat.", "A photo of a baseball player where a child has replaced the player's face with his own", "a man that is standing up with a bat in his hand.", "This man is having his photo taken inside a cardboard display of a baseball player."]
["A boy is holding up a bat at a baseball game", "a baseball player ready to bat the ball", "A baseball player taking a swing at a  ball", "A man holding a bat under a stadium light.", "a baseball player and he is holding a bat"]
["a number of baseball players on a field", "baseball players on the field playing a game", "A man at bat watching a baseball come towards him.", "A group of men on a field playing baseball.", "A large crowd is watching a baseball game."]
["A man smiles as he holds a baseball bat in an historic photo.", "a man that has a baseball bat in hand", "A man is holding a baseball bat in a double grip.", "An old baseball player is holding a bat while in uniform", "A person in a cap holding a bat. "]
["A man is trying to hit a baseball with a bat.", "there is a older man swinging at a baseball", "A man wearing vintage clothing swinging a bat at a ball.", "A man swinging a bat at a baseball.", "A man on a field swinging a baseball bat at a ball."]
["A man walking on a field with a baseball bat.", "A man walking on a field carrying a baseball bat.", "A baseball player in uniform is standing holding his bat.", "A baseball player holding onto a bat from the wrong end.", "A male baseball player on a field holding a baseball bat."]
["A man with a baseball bat that is on a field.", "A baseball player is about to try to hit a baseball.", "A group of baseball players with bat, glove and a ball", "A baseball player standing on top of a field.", "A batter getting ready to swing at a pitch at a baseball game "]
["a girl wearing a bathing suit playing tennis", "A woman in a swimsuit with a racket in her hands on a tennis court. ", "there is a woman that is playing tennis wearing a bathing suit", "A tennis player in action on the court.", "a lady that is on a tennis court with a racket"]
["A man with a racket plays on a court.", "A male in a blue shirt playing tennis on a tennis court", "a tennis player swinging a racket on a court", "A man jumping in the air holding a racket with group of people looking on.", "People are watching a man playing a tennis game."]
["There is a game of people playing tennis.", "A group of people standing on top of a tennis court.", "The man is playing a video game of tennis. ", "Three dimensional images of a man playing tennis.", "A video game shows a collage of the avatar's career after winning the Grand slam in tennis."]
["A group of children stand on a tennis court", "Good buddies always give comfort to their best friends.", "A group of young kids holding tennis racquets.", "Two friends consoling each other after a game of tennis.", "Some children are standing on a tennis court."]
["The pizza on the table is half eaten. ", "Pans of pizza on a wooden table with drinks.", "Tray and plates of pizza on table by cups", "a close up of a pan of pizza on a table", "A multi-topping pizza with various glasses of alcohol on a table."]
["three males are dishing out some pizza from a white plate", "Some boys are getting slices of a pizza", "A family grabbing a few slices of pizza on a kitchen island.", "A boy with long blonde hair puts pizza on a white plate while another person stands behind him and another boy watches him.", "A boy and a girl putting pizza on plates"]
["A young boy eating mushrooms near a pizza.", "a kid is taking a bite out of a pizza", "A child eating pizza toppings in a kitchen.", "a little boy that is eating a pizza ", "A little boy is eating mushrooms from a pizza."]
["A woman and three men at a table with most of the pizza gone. ", "A group of friends enjoying a large pizza at a restaurant.", "A group of people are sitting around a slice of pizza in a restaurant.", "Several people sitting at a table with a pan between them.", "Several people hold up a tray with a single piece of pizza."]
["A white plate topped with a worm on slices of pizza.", "Two pizza with noodles on one and a mushroom on the other sitting on a plate with a worm sitting on top of them.", "Two slices of pizza sitting on a plate that has a worm on top of them.", "A single pepper crosses two slices of pizza on a retro china plate.", "A sliced pizza is being displayed on a plate. "]
["Three kids sitting with presents and cake, with a lot of books behind them.", "Three children who are sitting at a table with some pizza on it. ", "A group of young girls sitting in front of a table.", "some little kids sitting by the end of the table", "Two girls and a boy sitting at a table in front of a bookcase."]
["A young man is holding a pizza on a cooking sheet.", "a person in a kitchen holding a pan of pizza", "A MAN IS HOLDING A PIZZA IN HIS HAND", "A guy holding a pizza on a tray wearing an oven mitt.", "A man holding a pizza with a hot pad."]
["A man cutting a pizza in a home kitchen.", "A man standing over a pizza sitting on top of a counter.", "A man standing over a pizza on a counter.", "A man standing beside a pizza on a counter.", "A man standing near a large pizza with toppings in a kitchen."]
["A young boy standing on a  tennis court holding a racquet.", "A cute small boy on a court with a racket.", "The little boy is trying to play tennis.", "A small boy holding up a tennis racket", "A boy holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court "]
["A little boy in a hoodie holds a racquet", "A boy holding a tennis racket on a staircase.", "Toddler boy sits on the stairs holding a tennis racket.", "Little boy siting on a stair holding a tennis racket.", "A little boy sitting on the stairs with a racquet."]
["A desk with a small stool underneath a desk with a computer on it", "An old desk with a laptop and printer on top", "There is a desk with a computer and printer on it", "This is an image of a desk with a computer and printer", "A laptop computer and a printer are on a desk."]
["An open laptop on a desk next to a computer monitor.", "A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk next to a monitor.", "A desk with a computer monitor, laptop and a mouse on it. ", "An old computer sits next to a silver laptop on a table.", "A laptop sits next to a computer on the table. "]
["The laptop on the desk is near a tablet PC, and a cell phone. ", "A laptop and a tablet on a wooden table", "a laptop is next to a reader on a desk", "a laptop on a table next to a tablet", "A wooden table with a  tablet and laptop on it."]
["A man on a tandem bicycle stopped while checking his cellphone.", "a man is standing with a bike with two seats", "A large bike and a man on a street.", "A man sitting on the back of a tandem bike holding his cell phone.", "Man riding double bicycle stopped on road reading cell phone."]
["An desk containing a desktop and laptop computer", "A computer on a desk next to a bookshelf in a room. ", "a desk with a desktop computer and a laptop computer", "It is an image of an office inside with two computers.", "An office space with a desk and book shelf."]
["An exposed photo of the cemetery in the background.", "A large pot of flowers and a view of a cemetery. ", "A balcony wrapped around a tree is overlooking a graveyard.", "The newel of a railing with a cemetery in the background. ", "A view from a porch of a grassy area with monuments in it."]
["A young baby sitting in front of a laptop.", "a baby sits in front of an apple computer", "A baby sitting in a chair using a laptop computer made by apple.", "A little baby has her hands on the laptop keyboard.", "a baby looking at a laptop in a highchair"]
["A young man is eating food while using the computer.", "A guy sitting in front of his laptop with food and drink.", "A man sitting in front of a laptop computer.", "A young man is sitting at an iMac, with food and a Coke.", "A man is typing on his computer while a sandwich and a bottle of coke is on either side of him."]
["A cat in a kitchen on top of a refrigerator.", "A cat sitting on the top of a refrigerator hiding.", "A cat is standing on top of a fridge.", "A cat tucked between the top of a refrigerator and some cabinets. ", "A cat that is sitting on top of a fridge."]
["A couple of people walking down a street past tall buildings.", "some people walking beside a car on the road", "A man and woman walking on an empty city sidewalk.", "A twilight view of a busy city street.", "two people walking in the middle of a city"]
["a lap top that has a wire attached to it", "A Apple laptop computer with a power cord being held in a hand.", "A person holding an apple ipad with a power cord in hand.", "A person that is holding a laptop in one hand. ", "Someone holding a laptop and a cord in their hand outside."]
["A group of children seated at desks in a classroom.", "Kids are in a classroom with laptops on their desk.", "A blurry pictures has boys sitting by laptops.", "A classroom full of boys showing off their laptops. ", "A group of people sitting in desks next to laptops."]
["Five matching teddy bears are laying on the bed.", "Five Teddy Bears are displayed lying on a couch.", "a group of teddy bears in the same outfits sitting together ", "A pile of identical teddy bears lays on top of some pillows.", "Four teddy bears laying on a bed on top of throw pillows. "]
["a plastic toy of a teddy bear at home", "A toy teddy bear sitting in a bath tub.", "an oss secoration of a bear committing suicide in a tub", "A toy teddy bear sits in a toy bathtub with a rubber ducky.", "A teddy bear sitting in a fake bath tub with a rubber ducky."]
["there is a baby sitting on a chair with a stuffed bear", "A boy in a chair with a teddy bear dressed in a railroad outfit.", "A little baby is in a chair with a teddy bear.", "A young child is sitting on a chair and smiling. ", "Toddler sits on an armchair next to a stuffed bear."]
["A man holding up a smart phone with a camera.", "A person holding up a cell phone taking a picture.", "A person with a phone in their hands.", "a wild-haired person takes  a selfie with a cell phone", "a person taking a photo of a mirror"]
["A counter containing two silver vases with colorful flowers. ", "A base with  yellow pink and orange daisies in it.", "There are some flowers in decorative silver vases", "Colorful flowers in a metal vase sitting on a mirror ledge.", "Flowers in a paper that is silver and standing."]
["A kitchen with lots of counter space and black and white appliances.", "A kitchen that has a pass through to another room", "A view of a kitchen through a window.", "View of a kitchen through a past through opening.", "A grey counter space with a sink and stove in the background."]
["a person getting food from a food truck", "A man getting food from a woman in a lunch truck.", "a man buying some food at a food stand", "A man at a food truck being handed his food. ", "A man receives food from a street vendor in the city."]
["Blueberry stuffed beanie teddy bear sitting on a table.", "A blue teddy bear with a blue ribbon around its neck.", "A blue teddy bear surrounded by other stuffed animals.", "A blue teddy bear sitting with other stuffed animals.", "There is a blue stuffed bear with writing on it's chest"]
["a number of items laying on a surface near one another ", "a bunch of stuff is laying on a bag", "A yellow and red purse with the contents emptied on top.", "A bunch of items that are sitting on the floor.", "Personal accessories are placed on top of the handbag."]
["a close up of a person in front of a refrigerator with its door open", "A boy is looking at many bottles in a refrigerator.", "A girl that is holding open a refrigerator filled with bottles.", "A person displaying a refrigerator full of beers.", "A young boy standing in front of a refrigerator full of bottles."]
["A city with lots of tall buildings and a massive blue clock tower.", "some buildings streets and one light blue and black steeple has a clock", "A city aerial view with busy streets, buildings and a clock tower.", "a post office and a clock tower in the city", "an aerial view of a clock tower and other buildings"]
["a group of people stand on a stage in front of a display ", "A group of people playing with a giant cell phone.", "People gathered at a giant cell phone display", "a group of people are checking out a cell phone stand", "Several people standing next to a giant promotional cell phone."]
["A man standing next to a very old domed hallway.", "PEOPLE OBSERVING AND CLICKING PICTURES AT AN ANTIQUE PLACE.", "A man on his cell phone in an old building. ", "A man is standing at the entrance way of a mosque like tunnel using his cell phone.", "a person operating a cell phone and  wearing a suit"]
["A man wearing a baseball hat talks on his cellphone.", "A man wearing sunglasses and a baseball cap talks on a cell phone.", "A man with sunglasses on talking on his cell phone.", "Smiling orange shirted sports fan using cell phone. ", "A man talking on a cell phone wearing an orange shirt and baseball cap."]
["A man standing in front of a store window holding a phone.", "A man in brown shirt next to guitar case talking on a phone.", "A man covers his ears with his hands as he stands outside a store", "A man with a guitar case in front of a store talking on a  phone", "Guy stands in front of store while he talks on his cell phone"]
["A beautiful young lady smiling while talking on a phone.", "a white woman sitting on a couch talking on her cellphone ", "Woman smiles on couch while using her cell phone", "Young girl sitting on a couch smiling on her cell phone.", "A smiling woman talks on a cell phone."]
["A man holding a cell phone in a crowded mall.", "Amid a group of people, a man holds a drink in his mouth.", "A man in a busy restaurant talking on his cell", "A man on his cell phone holding a drink up with his mouth outside of a storefront.", "The man is holding a glass with his teeth."]
["A man riding a bike while talking on a cell phone.", "The man on a bicycle is using a cell phone.", "A man riding on his bike and talking on the phone.", "A man on a bike talking on his cell phone", "an image of a man on his bike talking on a cell"]
["A girl smiles downward while on the phone.", "A girl looks down and smiles during a phone call.", "A girl sits on a bed and talks on a cell phone.", "A pretty young girl talking on a cell phone.", "A girl is setting on a bed talking on her mobile phone smiling."]
["A woman rollerblading down a street talking on a cell phone.", "A woman on rollerblades moving towards a white van.", "A woman riding roller blades talking on a phone.", "A woman is rollerblading down a side walk.", "A woman talks on her cell phone as she skates down the sidewalk."]
["A woman talking on a cell phone in front of a store.", "She is talking on her phone outside of the restaurant.", "A woman using a cell phone outside of a catering business.", "A woman outside of a cater talking on the cell phone.", "A woman in black shirt talking on a cellphone."]
["A break room with a sink and a microwave.", "A kitchen sink near a couple of windows.", "A kitchen with large windows above the sink ", "a small kitchen counter with a sink and a window", "A kitchen with a sink, cabinets, windows, and other items"]
["A small walkway with a microwave and fridge and a door", "a white microwave is sitting in a small room", "A small fridge and a microwave inside of a house by a door with curtains.", "A white microwave on top of a brown small refrigerator surrounded by wooden walls. ", "a microwave sits on top of a mini fridge "]
["A counter, sink, and cabinets in a kitchen", "A kitchen that has a sink and cabinets in it.", "A kitchen filled with lots of counter top space.", "a kitchen with a sink and a window ", "A kitchen sink near cupboards and a dishwasher."]
["The man has his hand on a rack of small yellow objects.", "A man standing next to a shelf filled with lots of bananas.", "A man is holding the top rack of pastries.", "THIS IS A MAN AT WORK AND I THINK HE WORKS WITH LEMONS", "a man in uniform stands in front of some food "]
["Open refrigerator and freezer containing only two bottles of wine.", "Two bottles of champagne sit in an empty fridge. ", "two lone wine bottles are in an empty refridgerator ", "An empty refrigerator, except for two bottles of wine.", "A couple of bottles of booze sitting inside of a refrigerator."]
["A large kitchen filled with appliances and lots of counter top space.", "Kitchen with white sink, silver countertops, and silver appliances. ", "A kitchen area with a double sink, a stove, a refrigerator and several other kitchen utensils.", "A clean kitchen with white cabinets and light flooring", "A photo of a kitchen with white cabinets and a blonde wood floor."]
["A refrigerator freezer sitting next to a kitchen counter.", "A small kitchen with white cabinets, a green stove, and yellow refrigerator.", "An angle view of a kitchen, with an oven, refrigerator and sink.", "This is a picture of a kitchen with cabinets, large appliances and dishes.", "A kitchen area with a stove, refrigerator and sink."]
["A clock tower is seen in front of a tall building.", "A clock tower sitting below a very tall building.", "The tower of the building has a clock displayed on it.", "A tall skyscraper and a black clock tower.", "A skyscraper rises high into the sky in front of a clock tower."]
["a tall monument with clocks on all four sides", "A tall clock tower with the light lit at dusk.", "Tall clock tower framed by trees and viewed from ground level.", "A clock tower reaches us into the sky.", "Large clock lit on the side of a concrete tower. "]
["A clock on a post and a church spire in the background.", "A large street clock next to a lamp post.", "A clock shows 4:07 as it stands in the shadow of a church steeple and a light pole.", "An old clock next to a light post in front of a steeple.", "A large clock sitting in front of a building beneath a tower."]
["A white refrigerator freezer filled with lots of drinks.", "A large number of canned and bottled drinks fill a refrigerator.", "A refrigerator is all stocked up with beer and liquor.", "The refrigerator is filled with beers and other beverages.", "Black fridge filled with food and drinks. "]
["A blender sitting on a kitchen counter top.", "A blender sitting on a counter top next to a brown and red bottle.", "A blender filled with liquid on a counter.", "Blender appliance on a kitchen counter, plugged in and loaded with something to be blended.", "A blender is sitting on a kitchen counter."]
["a large clock surrounded by statues and emblems", "A golden clock and structures within a stone sculpture. ", "a large building with big clock on top of it", "A gold and blue clock that is on a building.", "Clock in middle of a sculpture on top of building"]
["a blond woman with a spoon and a blender", "A woman uses a spoon in her drink in the blender.", "A beautiful young blonde woman mixing a drink in a blender.", "A woman in a jacket is making something in a blender.", "Girl stirring cream colored liquid in a blender."]
["A man in a blue shirt holds a pair of garden shears open.", "A man holding a pair of hedge trimmers to his throat.", "A man that is holding a pair of sheers.", "Man wearing a blue stripped shirt is holding large open shears ", "A man holding a pair of gardening shears."]
["Man using a hair dryer in a small bathroom", "A young man in the bathroom drying his hair with a hairdryer.", "A man uses a blow dryer to dry his hair.", "A young man in a sweater holding a hairdryer.", "A man grimaces playfully while blow-drying his hair. "]
["Blow drier and brush sitting on top of newspaper.", "The table has a hair brush and a hair dryer sitting on top of it.", "A brush, hairdryer, note pad, and magazine on a wooden table.", "A brush and hairdryer are sitting on a magazine.", "A hair dryer, a brush, and glasses rest on top of a notepad and magazine."]
["A well balanced meal set on a tray\n", "A tray topped with a lot of breakfast foods.", "An airline breakfast of of cereal, a roll and juice.", "A food tray with cereal, a bread bun, jelly, butter, orange juice and other foods.", "A plate of food in containers is on a tray."]
["A sandwich with lettuce and toasted bread on a plate.", "A beef sandwich with onions and lettuce on a toast bun.", "A small sandwich with onions and lettuce on it.", "A small sandwich sits on a white plate. ", "A sandwich is on top of a plate."]
["A bulldog resting on and sleeping with a teddy bear.", "A dog sleeps on top of a teddy bear on a bed.", "A small bull dog sleeping while hugging a teddy bear.", "A bull dog snuggles with a teddy bear. ", "A chubby dog is taking a nap on a teddy bear."]
["A clock on an old stone building next to a window", "A square, black clock that uses roman numerals is hanging on a brick wall.", "Very old diamond clock sitting on the side of a brick wall. ", "an analog clock attached to a brick building ", "A castle wall with a square black clock."]
["A building with a roman numeral clock hanging from it. ", "A building with a bell tower also features an outdoor clock.", "Looking up at a bell tower over an outdoor clock", "a building with a bell tower and clock", "The bello tower on top of a building with a clock below."]
["The inside of a warehouse like structure that has a round clock with roman numerals on it hanging from the ceiling.", "A clock hanging from the rafters of a building ", "A clock hanging from a ceiling in a room.", "a clock hanging fron the ceiling announcing the time as 1:44", "Looking up at a large clock mounted to the rafters of a tin building"]
["A picture of a church clock with shrubbery in front of it.", "That toward with the clock is very tall.", "a tall clock tower near many trees with a sky building", "A really big building that has a clock on it.", "a clock tower with two white clocks and some trees"]
["A large tower with a clock looms over a park. ", "a tall tower with a clock on top", "A clock tower, near a building, displays the time.", "This is a clock tower with people standing outside.", "A large building with a clock tower surrounded by trees."]
["A very tall building tower with a clock on it's side.", "a white and black clock on a blue black and brown clock tower", "Large, ornate building with spires and a clock.", "There is a large steeple with a clock just below it.", "A old fashioned  clock is on a tall spire."]
["Solemn military men look on as the plaque is presented.", "a number of people in uniform standing near one another ", "Three soldiers in the U.S. Army are showing off a plaque.", "A group of soldiers posing for a photograph holding their seal. ", "Three men in uniforms standing near each other."]
["A gold circular clock and temperature display atop a building.", "a building with a tower on th top with a sky in the background", "Tower on top of a building with a clock and another instrument.", "A clock and sun dial type apparatus rests underneath a tower full of bells.", "A building with a large clock and bells."]
["A vase of flowers that is on a table.", "A simple vase with a floral arrangement in it", "A black vase with orange blossomed flower and green leaves.", "A black vase with green and orange flowers in it.", "A black vase with a couple of flowers sticking out from it."]
["A vase filled with pink flowers on top of a table.", "A vase filled with roses on a counter.", " A Bouquet of pink roses sit in a vase on a table.", "An owl vase with large beautiful pink roses.", "An owl vase filled with a bunch of pink roses"]
["A large flower is sitting in the vase on the shelf.", "There is a yellow flower that is inside the vase", "Vases with flowers in them ready to be placed on their tables", "A yellow flower sticking out of a green pot.", "A big yellow flower in a small vase on display at a flower show."]
["An arrangement of flowers in a clear glass canning jar haging on a wall.", "Several flowers in a glass jar with water in it near a unpainted wall. ", "A vase filled with yellow and purple flowers.", "A vase of flowers on a table ", "some colorful flowers sitting on vase on the wall "]
["A vase on a table stands next to a hanging picture. ", "A blue vase sitting on a wooden table next to a  painting.", "The blue and white patterned vase is on the surface in front of the painting.", "A white and blue vase on a table.", "The blue vase stands next to the painting."]
["A little statue holding onto a vase with flowers.", "A little clay man holds a glass of fresh flowers", "Flowers sit in a vase with a statuette next to them. ", "A gnome with his hands on a glass vase with yellow and pink flowers.", "Vase of fresh zinneas in water and elfan statue alongside. "]
["A red rose sitting on a vase filled with water.", "A red rose is in a clear vase half-filled with water.", "A small clear glass with a pretty red rose.", "A large red rose is in a clear vase full of water.", "There is a red rose in a clear vase of water."]
["A dining room table that is set with plates, silverware and a floral center piece.", "a table that has some chairs around it", "A dining room with set table and a vase of flowers.", "A very dimly lit dining area with some pretty flowers.", "A wound table is set in the corner of a room."]
["A bunch of flowers is arranged nicely in a vase.", "a vase that has some flowers in it", "A vase filled with yellow and red flowers.", "The bottom of these flowers are depicted in this low shot.", "A clear vase with several pretty yellow and red petaled flowers."]
["Closeup of various flowers in vase next to window.", "A vase with different kinds of flowers in it.", "These bouquet has an assortment of flowers and leaves.", "A vase filled with mutli colored flowers near a window.", "A bouquet of flowers in a vase sitting near a cabinet."]
["Looks like an image of small caged brown and white birds.", "Many birds are inside of a wire cage.", "Small animals in a cage that has sheers resting on top.", "A pair of blue scissors on top of a bird cage.", "chickens in a cage with a pair of scissors on top."]
["A woung woman in white and purple holding a pink stuffed animal.", "A woman straddling a pole and holding pink bunnies.", "A woman plays with pink cotton candy outside.", "A woman dancing with a pink stuffed animal.", "A woman holding some pink items while cradling a pole."]
["A brown bear sitting on top of a seat next to luggage.", "A passenger holds a teddy bear in the aisle seat of an airplane.", "A big commercial plane with people and a stuffed animal.", "The inside of a passenger jet plane with a person holding a brown teddy bear.", "A woman holds onto a teddy bear while on a plane. "]
["A beautiful young woman sitting at a table with a plate of food.", "a woman shows off the food on her plate", "Girl sitting at a table eating Asian food with chopsticks", "A woman smiles as she eats a lunch of Chinese food.", "an image of a woman that is eating dinner at a restaurant"]
["A white plate topped with different types of food.", "A resturant serves a variety of asian food.", "A plate of food with chop sticks and a cup of soup.", "The plate with a pair of chop sticks on it is next to a bowl with a spoon in it. ", "The plate is holding a variety of food along with chopsticks."]
["Eggs, Biscuits and gravy with coffee and a cherry danish.", "A plate with biscuits and grave and an egg.", "a close up of a plate of food with a drink", "A breakfast of biscuits and gravy, a sunny-side up egg and a fruit turnover with coffee on a wooden table.", "The breakfast entree and coffee is on the wooden surface."]
["A young girl sitting at a table making cookies.", "A little girl is sitting at a table making cookies.", "A little girl that is sitting in front of cookies.", "The young girl was at the table making something.", "A young girl baking fresh cookies in the kitchen."]
["a white plate on a wooden table and some bread", "Bread for the taking, from a white plate on wooden table", "A plate that has a loaves of bread on it.", "a plate that has a bunch of bread on it", " A table topped with a plate of white garlic bread."]
["many people sitting around dinner tables, being served by a waiter", "People are sitting at tables waiting to be served.", "some people sitting at restaurant tables in a red room ", "A server waits on a large group at a fancy restaurant. ", "A group of people sitting around tables for a meal."]
["A group of people sitting around a wooden table.", "A candle lit dining hall with many patrons engaged in conversation.", "some people sitting around a table with a candle plates and silverware", "Groups of people enjoying dinner in a restaurant.", "People at a restaurant waiting to be served."]
["A bunch of men smiling for a camera at a crowded table.", "A group of men with thumbs up and peace signs at a table.", "Several me sitting around a table in a restaurant. ", "Group of adult men at table during large indoor gathering.", "there are many men sitting at a large table eating"]
["A group of people sitting at tables eating food.", "A group of people at two tables with plates of food.", "A family outside eating lunch on wooden picnic tables.", "A family eating outside at two separate tables. ", "a bunch of people sits at some tables "]
["Two women laugh while sampling multiple glasses of wine.", "Two women enjoying wine and cocktails in summer clothing.", "two girls laughing while sitting at a table with wine", "Two smiling young women drinking wine at a table.", "two people sitting at a table with many wine glasses"]
["A few women sitting at a table filled with several wine glasses.", "Three women sitting by the table filled with glasses.  ", "Three women sitting at a wooden table full of empty glasses.", "Three women sit smiling at a table covered with wine glasses.", "A group of friends sitting a a dining table with empty glasses."]
["A man is sitting on a bench next to a bike.", "A man is sitting on a bench next to a bicycle.", "A man sits on a street bench by a bike. ", "Black man sitting on a bench behind a personal bicycle. ", "A man is sitting in a busy area with his bike."]
["A kitchen refrigerator and bed mattress outside an apartment.", "a refrigerator and mattresses outside a building ", "A refrigerator sitting on the sidewalk in front of a house.", "A refrigerator and mattresses outside of a building.", "A refrigerator and a mattress sitting outside of a residence."]
["Emergency vehicles are on the scene of the accident.", "A fire truck and 2 ambulances have responded to the vehicle accident.", "ACCIDENT SCENE WITH FIRE TRUCK, AMBULANCE, VEHICLES, AND PEOPLE", "A fire truck and ambulance at a wreck scene.", "Traffic on the road.Many traffic lights are seen controlling the traffic."]
["A crowd of people standing outside of a hotel on snow covered ground.", "Dozens of people standing around in the snow near a hotel.", "Many people outside at a winter event in the mountains.", "A group is gathered outside in the snow.", "A group of people that are standing in the snow."]
["A picture of a boy looking into a pot. ", "A young boy looks at the contents of a pot on a stove.", "The boy is looking to see what is cooking in the pot.", "a little boy looking at the leftovers on the stove", "a young person in a kitchen opening a pot"]
["A kitchen counter topped with a dish tray filled with dishes.", "A kitchen counter with dishes and pots and pans on it ", "A kitchen counter is full of dishes and bottles. ", "THIS IS A PICTURE OF A VERY MESSY KITCHEN", "This kitchen is cluttered with bottles and dishes."]
["A white train car lays on its side in the dark while a man with a light is nearby.", "on overturned bus on the side of the road ", "A bus is tipped over on its side.", "A bus tipped over on the side of the road", "A picture of a bus that is turned over."]
["a man in a uniform checking out the wreckage of a bus crash", "a public transportation bus turned over on its side", "A bus on one of it's sides after some accident.", "A bus turned over on it's side in a horrific crash.", "An overturned bus with a person wearing protective gear sorting through debris."]
["A happy man roller skiing in the mist", "A person wearing a helmet and some sort of skis with wheels is smiling as he lifts his ski sticks into the air; there is no snow. ", "a man siking in parking lot, in the fog", "A man on skies standing in a parking lot.", "A man riding skis with wheels mounted to them."]
["A picture of a young woman holding hands with a dog.", "A woman sits with a golden retriever next to the dishwasher in a house.", "A woman kneeling down to pet a large brown dog.", "A woman is posing next to a golden retriever in the kitchen where she belongs.", "A woman is smiling next to a dog."]
["A domestic cat rests on a kitchen table in front of a microwave.", "A cat lying on a table near a microwave.", "a grey and white cat sits on a table near a microwave.", "The grey cat is sitting on the edge of the table.", "Cat laying on a wooden table near microwave."]
["A brown kitchen table with four chairs next to a counter.", "a lon view of a brown dining table and chairs in front of a kitchen done in white ", "A kitchen and dining room adjacent to each other.", "An open dining room leading to the kitchen area. ", "The dining room and kitchen are close together. "]
["A kitchen with a stove, oven, cabinets and blender.", "A kitchen that has wooden cabinets and a kettle on the stove.", "There is limited counter space in this kitchen.", "A kitchen with kitchen decor and kitchen items.", "A kitchen with a standard stove top and wooden cabinets"]
["A woman watching TV with an arm reaching from under the couch. ", "The flat screen television is being watched by a woman who is cupping her mouth.", "As a woman watches a TV, an arm reaches out from underneath the couch toward her leg.", "The woman is sitting on the couch watching TV.", "A woman watching a giant TV in the dark."]
["The kitchen area is clean and ready for us to use.", "A kitchen with a wooden table surrounded by black chairs.", "A small kitchen and dining room area that has multiple metal shelves with items on it.", "The kitchen and eating area of an apartment ", "A kitchen and dining area combined into one open space with track lighting on the ceiling."]
["A view of a kitchen from behind a dining table.", "Some fruit in a bowl next to a plat on a table in a kitchen.", "An outdoor kitchen and eating area with a brick wall in the background.", "a table with a plant and some fruit on it ", "Some tea kettles are hanging above a table"]
["A man stops by a truck with a dog.", "A man and his dog stand near a truck on a side of a road.", "A man standing next to a truck parked on the side of a road.", "A small dog is running up to a truck", "Man outside along road with truck and dog."]
["A woman in her underwear riding on top of a paddle boat.", "A woman is paddle boarding down the river.", "A woman on a paddle board with people in the background.", "A WOMAN PADDLING INSIDE OF A CANOE IN FRONT OF A RESTARAUNT", "A woman is riding a raft as an audience watches on the dock."]
["A kitchen counter top sitting next to a stove top oven.", "A kitchen that is plain and simple with wood cabinets and a marble counter top.", "Large kitchen area with plenty of cabinets in residential home.", "A large kitchen with wooden cabinets and a granite counter top.", "A clean kitchen of a brand new house."]
["a kitchen that looks like its being redone", "an unfinished kitchen with a stove and a counter ", "Remodeled breakfast nook and counter for a kitchen in progress.", "A kitchen redone with some type and some cabinets.", "an outside grilling area on a large house"]
["A couple of people in wet suits standing by surfboards on a beach.", "a couple of people standing on a beach next to surfboards", "The people have stopped to talk to each other.", "A couple of people with surfboards on a beach.", "Scattered people on a wide, dry beach, including surfers."]
["a lady that is cooking some food on the stove", "A woman puts spices on a skillet of food that is cooking. ", "A woman adds an ingredient to a dish cooking on a stove.", "The woman is adding spices to the pan on the stove.", "A woman prepares food in a wok inside a tent"]
["A kitchen with a stove, table, cabinets, and other items ", "a kitchen with  a stove sitting on a hard wood floor and cabinets", "A tea kettle sits on the burner of stove.", "A white stove top oven inside of a kitchen.", "A tea kettle that is on top of a stove."]
["A refrigerator freezer sitting inside of a kitchen next to a window.", "A kitchen with a table, refrigerator, oven, stove and a sink.", "A kitchen area with table, refrigerator, stove and sink.", "An old eat-in kitchen with wood cabinets and linoleum flooring ", "A kitchen with a fridge, stove, window, and dining table."]
["Ornate cabinet displayed next to kitchen sink in residence.", "This light wood cabinet has very nice glass cut outs.", "A very big kitchen cabinet with some pretty windows.", "A lass fronted kitchen cupboard with books and china.", "a cupboard with many plates and books on a wall"]
["a kitchen scene with a refrigerator that has magnets and a black oven on the wall", "A water bottle is on a brown kitchen counter.", "A kitchen with standard appliances and a bar.", "A kitchen with a bar, refrigerator, stove and some boxes.", "The kitchen is furnished with a kitchen counter, a refrigerator, a oven and a shelf."]
["Stacked washer dryer in kitchen near fridge and stove.", "A kitchen with tiled flooring and tiled walls. ", "A stark-white kitchen decor with a tile floor and wooden table.", "The tower setup of the washer and dryer take up less space.", "A small kitchen with a washer and dryer in the middle of it."]
["a ratchet ass room with a shelf on the wall", "A kitchen scene with a dual element and boxes.", "A poor looking room has a hot plate kind of stove.", "There is an empty and dirty storage room.", "In the corner of this room there are several things including a shelf and a plug in."]
["A lady wearing an apron in a kitchen.", "A woman standing by a counter in a small kitchen.", "a woman stands in front of a cupboard with an apron on", "A woman is standing next to a china cabinet.", "A woman stands in the kitchen with an apron."]
["A clean, organized kitchen decorated in white, brown, and red. ", "A kitchen with white appliances and wooden cabinets", "The kitchen is furnished with wooden drawers and cabinets.", "A kitchen features white appliances and light wood cabinets.", "Light shines on a clean kitchen with white appliances."]
["A woman sits on a table and portrays a time gone by. ", "A woman sitting on a wooden table  in a kitchen.", "A women who i sitting on a table.", "A woman in a historical costume sits on a table in front of a fireplace.", "A woman dressed as a pilgrim in an old kitchen. "]
["A lot of wooden shelves filled with lots of clutter.", "A room with many baking pans on shelves.", "Bowls and bottles are displayed on wall shelves in a kitchen", "A bunch of shelves holding knick knacks on two walls with a window.", "Old cooking implements on wooden shelves in a white room."]
["A person standing in a living room with a fire place.", "A blurry image of a man in a room full of pots on tables.", "A man in a large room with baskets and pottery", "an image of a man that is going in a restaurant ", "A man standing in a stone based kitchen at a table."]
["Two individuals wearing the same thing sitting on a bench.", "Two guys are sitting on the bench together with their bikes parked. ", "Two people siting together on a bench matching .", "Two people in \"stop\" orange jackets sitting on park bench", "Two men is orange jackets sit on a bench."]
["A woman opening the bathroom door with the room chained off.", "a woman a bathroom a mirror and a toilet", "A woman is standing in front of a bathroom door.", "A girl smiles while standing outside of a bathroom.", "A lady is posing for the camera with a silly face before heading to the bathroom. "]
["Stripped kitty finds a comfy place in the bathroom for a nap", "A cat is sleeping on a round pink rug.", "an image of a cat that is lying on the bathroom floor", "A cat sleeps on a round fuchsia rug.", "A cat sleeping on a small rug on a tile floor next to a scale."]
["A stone staircase and window in a building.", "there is a bathroom that seems to e very dirty and rusted", "A nasty looking bathroom with a weird bath tub and a white toilet.", "A moldy looking bathroom has a white bathtub.", "A filthy bathroom with a grimy tub and toilet and grime covered floor and walls."]
["Outside of a Chinese grocery in the city.", "This looks like a McDonald's in a Chinese or Japanese community.", "A woman is walking outside of a McDonald's in Asia.", "A lady and some bikes near a lit business sign.", "A person and a bike on a city street."]
["a motorcycle sitting on the sidewalk in the shade", "A motorcycle parked on a sidewalk portrayed in black and white.", "A motorcycle parked next to a fence and next to a street.", "A motorcycle in a black and white image parked on a sidewalk.", "an image of a motorcycle parked next to a fence"]
["A bathroom with a toilet, sink bowl and mirror.", "A bathroom with sink and a toilet in it.", "A bathroom contains a toilet and a sink next to each other.", "A bathroom containing a toilet and a low sitting sink.", "A toilet sits next to a small trash can."]
["a bathroom with a toilet with a sink", "This bathroom has a vibrant blue shower curtain in it.", "A couple of white toilets sitting inside of a bathroom.", "A bathroom with toilet and window above and a colorful shower curtain.", "A bathroom area with a shower and a toilet."]
["A bike parked outside a brick building. ", "Bicycle parked in front of brick building with windows and wood door.", "A bicycle parked and leaning against a brick building.", "A bike sitting next to a brick wall in the open.", "A golden bicycle with a basket next to a brick wall."]
["A white bathroom has a white shower curtain.", "A bathroom with a mirror, lighting and bathtub with shower combo", "The view of the shower, sink, and towel rack.", "A white and bright bathroom with silver fixtures.", "a bathroom with a mirror sink towel and shower curtain"]
["A bathtub with candles lit up around it and a stool next to it.", "There is some candles on a bathub in a bathroom.", "A white bath tub surrounded by lit candles and a stool.", "a bathroom with a bath tub, tea lights and wooden table.", "A large bathtub with candles lighting the area."]
["there is a white toilet and a sink in this bathroom ", "A container of antibacterial wipes in a bathroom.", "A light that is on above a mirror.", "this small bathroom has white sink and a toilet", "A small powder room with a sink and vanity, toilet, mirror, and an empty towel bar."]
["Two sun shaped mirrors are above bowl shaped sinks.", "Two bathroom sinks with large sun shaped mirrors.", "Two sun shaped mirrors hang above two bowl sinks.", "a bathroom sink with two round bowls and two sun mirrors", "Two white bowls are underneath a facet and there are two mirrors in the shape of a sun that is above the bowls."]
["Two bicycle riders riding in the city at night.", "Two people riding their bikes in the street.", "Two people riding bikes alongside a bus on a city street.", "Police officers riding bikes in the city at night.", "A couple bicyclers ride on the street at night."]
["A bus with a large picture of a woman's face on back of it.", "A photo of a group of bikes behind a bus.", "A bunch of bikes are in front of a blue bus", "Several bikes sitting next to a bus on a street.", "Several bikes with baskets behind a bus with a painting on it. "]
["Traffic jam at a busy hotel parking lot.", "A car drives dowered a lighted hotel during night.", "Vehicles at night on a highway near a large hotel.", "A car driving down a busy city street at night.", "Large hotel with bright neon lights in a city center. "]
["Long line of cards on a busy street at night.", "The traffic on this street in the city is backed up. ", "The cars has stopped at the red stop sign", "A red stop sign sitting on the side of a road at night.", "A bunch of cars on the road stuck in bumper to bumper traffic"]
["A large fire place sitting next to a doorway.", "a room with wood and ivory furniture inside. ", "A chair sits against a wall in a wood floored room.", "This is a large statue in someones living room.", "Ornate archway inset with matching fireplace in room."]
["A parking sign hanging from the side of a building.", "a big sign saing where to go for parking ", "A busy street has a digital road sign on it.", "A street sign with some lit up numbers on it", "A digital parking sign instructs traffic on parking options on a downtown street."]
["A cat hiding in a basket of some sort.", "Gray cat lying in white sink in grassy area.", "A gray cat is sitting inside of a sink.", "A cat lays in an uninstalled bathroom sink outside.", "A kitten lies in a sink basin outside."]
["a close up of a kitten under a parked car very close to the tire", "A small grey kitten sitting under the wheel of a black car.", "A cat near the back of a car tire.", "A small kitten sits next to the rear tire of a car.", "The small kitten is sitting underneath the car."]
["Three Mercedes Benz on the top of a train as cargo ", "A group of vans traveling over a bridge next to train tracks.", "Vehicles full of materials sit on top of moving train.", "Three cars are parked along the railroad tracks.", "A line of cars is backed up next to a train track."]
["A skier attempts to slow down on the slopes by pointing the skis toward each other.", "A woman skiing alone in the snow next to a road.", "A womanish skiing down a snow slope in the mountains", "A woman balances over the snow in skis. ", "A girl skiing along side of a road."]
["Inside of an out house with the toilet seat up and a towel.", "A black and white photo of a smelly outhouse.", "A busted up out house toilet with a shit stained seat.", "The outhouse is dirty and should be cleaned. ", "A dirty toilet with a toilet paper hanged on the wall"]
["A black and white cat sitting in front of a black bag.", "A cat standing next to bag near a bookcase.", "a small cat sits next to a holder bag ", "Black and white cat looking at bag in front of bookshelf.", "A cat and a black bag on the floor in front of book shelves."]
["a group of people are crammed in a small area on motor bikes ", "a group of people riding scooters on the road next to a lot of pedestrians ", "People are riding scooters through a crowded street", "People riding scooters down a busy street in Asia.", "The only way to teavel down this street is on a scooter"]
["one motorcycle rider riding going up the mountain two going down", "A group of people riding motorcycles down a winding road.", "Men with helmets on motorcycles driving on a hilly road. ", "Many people riding motorcycles on a street in the mountains.\n", "Four people are riding motorcycles in the mountains."]
["A magazine with the title Games for Cats is showing two cats in a toilet.", "A picture of a cat in a toilet and another cat sitting next to the toilet. ", "Cover of a magazine with a picture of some cats in the toilet.", "A cover of a magazine about games for cats.", "A magazine with a couple of cat around a toilet on it's cover."]
["A man and woman are riding down the street in a parade wearing patriotic hats.", "Motorcyclists are riding with flags on the bikes.", "A motorcycle parade flying flags rolls down the street.", "A group of motor cycle riders in a street parade.", "People on motorcycles decorated in American flags riding down the street with people watching from the sidewalk area."]
["A motor cycle procession down a wet street.", "A large group of motorcycle riders driving down a street together in a long line.", "Group of motorcycle riders in black riding on the street together. ", "A group of motorcyclists traveling together on a cloudy day.", "Long line of motorcycle riders passing cars parked on the road."]
["A building with a clock on the front and side of it near other buildings", "A view of two different tower structures at the eve of night.", "The tower of the building has a clock displayed on the front of it.", "Two tall buildings being lit in the night.", "Picture of a tall tower behind a black silhouette"]
["A cat looking off to it's right with bright blue eyes.", "A gray and white cat looking off into the distance.", "A cat with bright blue eyes and long white whiskers", "A cat looks to the left side of the frame.  ", "Cats whiskers allow them to move around in the dark."]
["A group of people on motorbikes ride on the road.", "A line of people ride on motorcycles over a road. ", "A group of motorcyclists lined up along the curb", "People watch a motorcade consisting of cars and motorcycles.", "A group of motorcycles on a street next to grassy area."]
["a person riding a motorcycle on a road ", "A person on a motorbike has a helmet on.", "A man with a leather jacket sitting on a motorcycle in a street. ", "a male in a black jacket is on his motorcycle and some bushes and grass  behind him", "A man making a turn on a motorcycle and looking back."]
["A large white toilet next to a child's white toilet.", "There is no image here to provide a caption for.", "A bigger toilet next to a smaller one both with their seats raised.", "Two toilets are next to each other in a tiled room.", "Two white open toilets against a wall, one adult and one child sized."]
["A toilet and a computer monitor on the ground.", "A broken commode and a computer monitor sitting on the ground.", "A toilet bowl with no lid and a computer monitor on the ground.", "A toilet and a computer monitor sitting on a cobblestone surface.", "toilet bowl and computer CRT monitor on the ground"]
["a bath room with a toilet a sink and stand up shower", "A bathroom has a sink and a toilet. ", " Avery clean brick and tile bathroom thats ready for use.", "a toilet and a sink in a bath room with a stone looking wall ", "A bathroom with a toilet, roll of tissue, garbage can and a sink."]
["Doorway view to a bathroom with a sink, cabinets and a toilet.", "A white toilet sitting inside of a bathroom.", "A sink and a toilet in a small bathroom.", "A small bathroom with oak cabinets and the toilet seat is up. ", "A toilet sits between a sink and a bathtub in a bathroom."]
["There is a man with a helmet riding a motorcycle.", "A person wearing a helmet and backpack riding a motorcycle on the street.", "Man on a motorcycle driving down a road next to a van.", "A motorcycle drives on a road past a small car in front of a building.", "A boy in a blue shirt rides a red motorcycle through the streets."]
["A white plate topped with meat, rice and veggies.", "A white plate that has various types of vegetables, meat and food items on it.", "A plate has some red peppers and rice on it.", "A white plate is filled with a variety of food", "Chicken and vegetables with rice in a bowl."]
["a man sitting at a table with some laptops on it", "A man sitting behind a table with speakers and computers", "A man is checking computer and audio equipment in a room.", "A man dressed up sitting at a table filled with audio equipment.", "A man sitting by some sound board equipment and a laptop."]
["two street signs on a red and white pole next to street.", "An old Christian church in Viet Nam with several steeples and road signage in front.", "A street sign in a language other than English.", "Street signage is displayed on a patterned pole with architectural views around.", "Several people on bicycles and pedestrians are traveling near some trees and buildings including a church."]
["An old rusty bus is parked next to a small church", "A red and white bus parked in front of a small church.", "An old red bus parked on a gravel area in the countryside.", "An aged red bus parked outside a rural church.", "An old red beaten up bus parked in a driveway"]
["two people on a motorcycle a car and some buildings", "A biker riding down a street on a motorcycle.", "A road on which a car and motorcycle are going.", "Two people on a motorcycle traveling down a highway.", "One car is driving by a building with a steeple and the other one is two people on a motorcycle going in the opposite direction."]
["Flowers in a glass vase with traffic in the background .", "Green plant in glass vase in a window.", "a close up of flowers in a vase on a table", "A vase with yellow orchids and greenery in it.", "a clear glass vase holding some vegetation inside "]
["a person riding a motorcycle on a road with a hill in the background", "A MAN IS RIDING HIS MOTOCYCLE OUT ON THE STREET IN THE OPEN AIR", "A man is riding his bike on a road next to a mountain.", "A man on a motorcycle looking at the building in the background.", "A motorcycle enthusiast rides passed an intimidating building. "]
["Someone is on their motorcycle, in his gear. ", "A man that is riding a motorcycle on a street.", "A man wearing jean and sneakers riding a black motorcycle.", "a guy looking at something while riding a motor bike", "A man is riding on a motorcycle down the street and looking sideways."]
["Two motorcycles parked next to each other on a lush green field.", "Two motorcycles that appear to be antiques sitting in grass. ", "a close up of two motorcycles parked on a green field of grass", "Two antique motorcycles parked side by side in the grass.", "Two black motor cycles parked in a grassy field. "]
["A person is riding a small motorcycle in a parking lot.", "a concrete parking lot with some trucks in it", "A guy riding a motorcycle in a big parking lot.", "A man rides a dirt bike across a parking lot past 2 pickup trucks.", "A motorcyle is driving across a parking lot."]
["A person rides an ATV with other ATVS", "A man is riding an atv with trucks and dirt bikes parked around him.", "A man riding a three wheeler all terrain vehicle.", "A man riding on the back of an ATV.", "a man is sitting on his atv in the parking lot"]
["A red all terrain vehicle next to a man with a green dirt bike.", "A man riding a motor cycle, four other motor cycles, two cars and a truck.", "A man bending down to fix his motorcycle in a parking lot.", "The man is working on the green dirt bike. ", "A man tinkers with his motorcycle in a parking lot."]
["a man on a dirt bike next to some vehicles", "A man on a green motorcycle in a parking lot.", "A man on a motorcycle with smoke billowing from it.", "A man sits on his dirt bike while looking at a four-wheeler that's on a trailer.", "a man on a dirt bike poses for a picture."]
["a hotel rooom  with two beds and a food tray on one bed", "A tray of food with croissants and juice sits at the foot of a bed with a red and white striped bed cover.", "There is a hotel room with a tray of breakfast on a bed.", "A bedroom area with bed, tray of food and chairs.", "Food is on a tray on a bed in a hotel room, next to an unmade bed."]
["A man riding an ATV  with a dirt bike on the back of it.", "A man is sitting on a three wheeler that is hauling a motorbike in a parking lot.", "A man is on an ATV with his thumbs up.", "The man is travelling down the road on his motor bike.", "A male sitting on top of an ATV with a motorbike on top."]
["BMX bikers waiting in sandy area for something with gear to ride.", "some men standing on the sand looking at something in the distance ", "A group of motorcycle riders in an area covered with sand", "A man riding on the back of a motorcycle.", "Four people on a sand dune with a BMX bike and an ATV."]
["A bowl full of lemons sitting on to of a counter.", "A bowl filled with a pile of lemons.", "A large glass bowl filled with fresh lemons.", "A glass bowl full to the top with lemons.", "a big glass bowl with fruit in it"]
["Mr. and Mrs. Santa Clause standing on the side of a road as Santa points to the sky.", "A man that is sitting on a motorcycle.", "a man on a motor cycle rides down a curvy road as people greet him", "Two people dressed as Mr. and Mrs, Santa clause pointing to men on motorcycles on a hilly road near mountains.", "People dressed as Santa and Mrs. Claus stand alongside a highway and look at a hill."]
["People walking down a sidewalk passing Chinese restaurants.", "A group of people walking up and down a sidewalk next to  a street.", "A sign advertising Chinese dim sum style lunch and dinner.", "A picture of some people walking down the road.", "Crowd walking under banners with various food menus and cars lining streets"]
["A man riding on the back of a motorcycle with a boy on it's side car.", "A man on a motorcycle with children riding in the sidecar.", "A man riding a bike with kids in the sidecar.", "A guy and a boy on a motorcycle with a side car.", "A man drives an old motorcycle with children in the side car."]
["There are two riders on motorcycles and mountains in the distance.", "Two motorcycle riders with motorcycles parked on the side of the road.", "A man sitting on a motorcycle near the edge of a mountain.", "a man on top of a motorcycle on a hill side", "Two men on motorcycles on a hillside drive."]
["Two people ride on a motorcycle on a street. ", "Two people on a motorcycle driving down the street.", "There is a woman on a cell phone riding a motorcycle.", "A man and woman sitting on a motorcycle.", "A man and woman are riding on a motorcycle at night."]
["The people are riding motor cycles down the street.", "A couple of people wearing helmets while riding motorcycles.", "A couple of people on motor bikes on a road.", "Two women are riding motorcycles down the street. ", "A couple riding on top of bikes down a street."]
["A man popping a wheelie on a motorcycle on a street.", "A man doing a wheelie on a motorcycle on a commercial street", "A few people on motorbikes riding along the street.", "Several people on motorcycles on a city street.", "guy doing a wheelie on his motorcycle with another rider beside him"]
["A guy on a motorcycle on a road.", "Man on the back of a black motorcycle on a city road. ", "a man riding down the road on his motorcycle ", "A man riding on a motorcycle on a street. ", "Man moving into picture while riding a motorcycle"]
["A man riding a green motorcycle on a winding road.", "A person riding  a motorcycle quickly down the road", "A man riding a motorcycle on a road.", "A motorcycle speeds through a winding pass of road.", "A person speeding on the road with a motor bike."]
["an overhead view of many people on motorcycles ", "The motorcycle riders have gathered in the mountains.", "there are many motorcycles that are parked on the top of a mountain", "A group of motorcycles parked on a dirt parking lot in a mountainous region.", "A large group of people standing near some rocks."]
["two people riding on a motorcycle on a road", "A man and woman riding on a motorcycle down a street.", "Man riding motorcycle with someone rapped in pink sitting sideways.", "A motorcycle driver faces forward with a covered passenger riding side saddle.", "A man and a girl riding a motorbike on the road"]
["A very nice looking train by a plat form.", "A commuter train parked near the platform of a subway station.", "A train with closed doors near a platform. ", "a train with a sign above the doors parked at the platform ", "A grey,orange, and silver  train's closed doors."]
["A red train with its doors closed near the platform. ", "A red train car with its doors closed sitting beside a platform.", "A close shot of a red train's double doors. ", "a parked train with double doors sits in front of some cement walkway ", "A red train with its door closed sitting at a station."]
["A couch on the side of the street with a television on it.", "A TV sitting on top of a brown couch next to a pool.", "A pool, couch and television sitting by the side of the street.", "A television, kiddie pool, rugs and rugs sit out near the curb.", "A couch, TV and kiddy pool are sitting on a curb."]
["a bicycle in a living room with a tv", "A bicycle in front of an entertainment center in a room.", "A rolling rack of shelves covered in media.", "A bicycle standing next to a TV entertainment system.", "Nice organized set up of games and T.V."]
["Man sitting on a living room with green couches. ", "Adult man sitting on couch with laptop computer in living room.", "A man sits on a couch in a sitting room with coffee table with an open laptop on it.", "A man that is sitting on a couch with a laptop.", "A man sitting on top of a couch next to a laptop computer."]
["a air plane that is a model conected to a pole.", "An old missile carrier hangs in a glider", "A Canada Airforce plane mounted on a pole for display", "An old fighter jet mounted on display outside.", "An airplane mounted on a pole for display."]
["Three British Airways jets lined up at a terminal.", "Some very big commercial planes all parked in a row.", "The tails of four British Airways planes on a tarmac.", "The airplane is on the runway at the airport. ", "Rows of identical planes wait at an airport."]
["Four jets flying in formation in a blue sky.", "The fighter jets fly in very close formation.", "a group of jets flying in formation in the air ", "A fleet of air crafts are flying formation.", "Four jet airplanes flying straight up in the sky leaving a smoke trail."]
["Multiple jet airliners in runway next to an airport at night.", "Night time view of airplanes at the airport gates.", "a number of large air planes at an air port", "A scene at a  very busy airport late at night.", "A large airport with planes parked at night"]
["Four black jets are flying above in the middle of the blue sky.", "A group of four jets fly in the sky.", "photograph of four fighter jets flying across the blue sky,", "four jets flying in the big blue sky.", "A formation of fighter jets flying through a blue sky."]
["A large propeller airplane flying through the sky.", "A plane with dual propellers flying towards the camera.", "A propeller airplane flying in the daytime sky.", "An airplane travels through the air on a cloudy day.", "An airplane flying in the air, on a clear day."]
["a number of small planes behind a fence", "A group of small planes sitting on top of a tarmac.", "A group of biplanes and truck on parking area.", "A plane in a airport being towed by a blue truck.", "Two airplanes that are sitting on the asphalt."]
["A large flock of birds fly through the sky.", "a bunch of birds following an airplane around", "A plan and a flock of birds flying in the blue skies.", "A large flock of birds in a V shape and an airplane.", "A flock of birds flies in formation to migrate."]
["A black and white photo of a propeller plane.", "A fighter jet on a runway with a cover over the cockpit.", "A plane is covered while sitting at an airport", "There is an old plane sitting on the runway.", "A light aircraft parked and covered on the tarmac"]
["A kite that looks like an airplane is lying on grass.", "A plane sitting on the ground, it appears to be a kite.", "A boy preparing to fly a kite that is shaped like an airplane.", "an airplane shaped kite sitting on the ground. ", "A kite laying on the ground surrounded by people."]
["Crowd of airliners parked at a terminal with service vehicles.", "Two white jet airliners docking in an airport.", "Two large commercial airplanes parked at the terminal.", "White and red airplanes are grounded on a cloudy day.", "A group of planes taxiing on an airstrip."]
["Clear blue sky's with a plane flying by.", "A jet plane flies overhead against a blue sky background.", "A jet flies overhead in the intensely blue sky.", "A plane flying overhead in a clear blue sky", "A large jetliner flying through a Crystal blue sky."]
["There are a lot of air planes that are flying in the sky", "Photo of an open air zone that looks incredible.\n", "Three planes in the air leave trails of smoke", "A formation of fighter  jets with smoke pouring out the back of each jet.", "Three planes in triangular formation being followed by their smoke trails."]
["A large propeller airplane flying through a blue sky.", "The airplane is flying through the sky during the day.", "a four engine propeller jet flies through the sky", "An airplane in the sky during the day time. ", "A prop airplane flying on a cloudless day."]
["A beautiful painting of a white plane with a blue tail.", "A drawing of a passenger jet that is flying.", "A large jetliner flying through a blue cloudy sky.", "An airplane flying in the sky on a sunny day ", "a large air plane flying in a sky"]
["A large airplane flies overhead through the sky.", "a large plane is flying near some clouds", "The jet is soaring high into the cottony aqua sky. ", "Plane directly head from current perspective flying backwards against yellow blue sky.", "An airplane is flying in the sky. "]
["A airplane that is sitting on a tarmac.", "An airport with lots of air planes sitting on top of it.", "a airport with a big plane parked inside of it ", "Commercial airplanes are sitting on the run way.", "a plane pulls into a run way strip out side"]
["Mountain sheep standing in outdoor natural setting area.", "The sheep are grazing on grass in the field. ", "A black and white photo of tow rams on a rocky hill.", "a couple of sheep standing up on a small hill", "Black and white photograph of horned sheep by a large rock"]
["Ostriches and giraffes out in the grass ", "Two birds and two giraffes stand on a grassy area.", "FOUR DIFFERENT ANIMALS STANDING INSIDE OF A GATE", "A couple of giraffe standing next to a couple of ostriches.", "a number of animals in a field with bushes and trees "]
["Two giraffes standing beside each other next to a fence.", "Two giraffes eating leaves from a tall tree in a man made habitat.", "Two giraffes in a dirt and grass lot standing in the sun.", "Two giraffes standing in front of a tree.", "Two giraffes are standing in front of a fence."]
["Light poles in the snow with yellow traffic lights mounted on them.", "Many stoplights flash yellow on a snow covered street.", "This is a picture  of a busy town after a snowstorm.", "A bunch of yellow street lights on an empty snowy street", "All of the lights are showing yellow and the streets are covered in the snow."]
["A sloping street in a small mountain community.", "A city street with cars driving and a mountain in the background.", "A palm tree is on one side with an evergreen tree on the other side and snow capped mountains are in the distance.", "A city street with a direct view of the mountains behind it", "Traffic in a town , with mountains in the backdrop."]
["a lot of cars driving on a road beside a gas station ", "A busy city street with lots of traffic lights.", "A busy car intersection with a gas station located on the right.", "View at an intersection with a Phillips 66 on one corner and mountains in the distance.", "An intersection is populated with many different vehicles. "]
["A car is stopped at a red light", "The car is at the intersection while the sun is setting.", "A truck nears a stop light in rainy weather.", "A car is at a red light in the rain.", "An intersection with a red traffic light and a vehicle."]
["Between branches of a tree an airplane is rising in the sky.", "A picture of a tree in the night.", "An airplane makes contrails behind a tree branch silouhette.", "Airplane contrails viewed through the branches of a tree.", "a craft is flying behind a tree line"]
["Pedestrians walking down a sidewalk next to a small street.", "People walking on a city street with light traffic.", "A city street with people walking and vehicles on the road.", "A scenic photograph of an urban street with people and traffic.", "Pedestrians are strolling along a city sidestreet in a touristy neighborhood."]
["A group of school supplies and various electronics including a laptop computer all laid out in a display.", "A computer, notebook, pens and other things are on the floor.", "A bunch of electronics and writing utensils displayed on a bedroom floor. ", "A table topped with a computer and personal items.", "A bunch of items that can be found on a desk placed on the ground."]
["Several vehicles turning the corner on a busy intersection.", "a lot of cars in a city street with buildings in the back ground", "Traffic going down a city street lined with skyscrapers.  ", "Cars stuck in traffic in a busy foreign city.", "Several different cars on a busy street in the city."]
["View of a airplane gas station from inside, showing fancy airplane model sign.", "The mountains can be seen behind the Chevron sign. ", "a plane flying low by a gas station sign ", "A model airplane mounted on top of a gasoline sign.", "An airplane flying outside a window where people are sitting at a table."]
["Wild animals grazing near a lagoon surrounded by trees.", "The zebra and the giraffe co exist in this paradise. ", "A zebra with its head down and a giraffe in the background eating from a tree", "A zebra and a giraffe stand in a zoo exhibit. ", "A zebra and a giaraffe looking for food in an open area."]
["a couple of vehicles are driving down the street", "A row of vehicles sitting at a traffic light on a street.", "An traffic light intersection with several cars and a jeep.", "Several vehicles wait at a stoplight while others are parked along the street.", "Several cars wait to turn at an intersection"]
["A man walking down the street beside a big bus. ", "A red white and blue Rapid bus crossing the intersection", "A man walks through a crosswalk next to a passing bus.  ", "A city bus drives down a street as a man walks across a crosswalk.", "A colorful bus passes under a light on a city street."]
["A group of zebras next to each other with two giraffes in the distance.", "Zebras and giraffes in captivity behind a fence roam in the grass.", "The two giraffes are by the three zebras outside. ", "Some giraffes and zebras that are in a field.", "A herd of zebras and two giraffes in a field. "]
["Crowd of people in front of Amtrak train with bench", "A group of people standing outside of a silver Amtrak train.", "An Amtrak train stopped at a station with people standing by it.", "Two train employees stand near the open train car door.", "People outside of a stopped double decker train."]
["A view of the mountains is shown from an airplane window.", "You can see a long way in the plane.", "WING OF AN AIRPLANE SHOWN FLYING OVER THE MOUNTAINS", "The view from an airplane window over mountains", "A picture of a plane that is in the air around the mountains."]
["The airplane flies low to the ground during sunset.", "The plane came in for a landing as the sun set.", "An airplane landing in grass during the sun set.", "A small airplane landing in a field at sunset", "A plane flying with a sunset in the background"]
["a person next to a girafe statue on a city street", "Woman standing next to large lego giraffe statue", "A giraffe made of legos is displayed on a sidewalk in front of a store.", "A giant giraffe made of building bricks, outside of a building.", "The woman stands next to a tall giraffe statue."]
["A stop sign is next to an electronic traffic signal.", "A picture of a stop and go light with a stop sign next to it.", "a traffic light that is red, waiting to change colors.", "A red stop light that has a red stop sign attached to it.", "A street light pole with traffic and Stop signs"]
["A group of pigeons sitting on a park bench.", "a bunch of birds are standing on a bench", "A group of seagulls sitting on a bench near a trash can.", "a group of birds sitting on back of a bench ", "this is a group of birds sitting on a bench"]
["A giraffe that is laying down in the grass.", "The giraffe was laying down in the fenced area.", "The giraffe is lying on the short grass near a wire fence. ", "A giraffe is lying down in an enclosed area.", "A giraffe laying on the grass near a fence."]
["one plane flies upside down over another plane ", "Two planes in the air, one upside down", "A couple of trick planes flying by each other.", "Two planes- one flying right side up, the other flying upside down.", "The two planes are flying in the sky."]
["A close up of a giraffes head and face", "A giraffe is standing near a building and a fence.", "Close up picture of a giraffe's head facing the camera.", "a close up shot of the head of a giraffe", "A giraffe head in front of a building."]
["An orange and white giraffe standing next to a wall.", "A giraffes head with its mouth open. ", "Close up of a giraffe's head while it's eating", "a close up of a giraffe near a building", "A close up of a giraffe with an open mouth."]
["A man sitting on a bench listening to headphones.", "A men dressed in casual black sits on a bench.", "A man is listening to music with headphones on a bench.", "A man sits on a bench and wears some headphones.", "A Man on a bench listening to headphones."]
["A traffic light with four signals sitting next to a tall building.", "Various street signs sitting on the same post directing traffic. ", "A red traffic light and Walk signal at an intersection.", "A traffic light one side is red the other side is green with an umbrella in the background.", "Four traffic lights pointing in all different directions."]
["A black and white photo of a pair of shoes on a bench.", "A pair of shoes is sitting on the bench.", "A pair of leather shoes sitting on an outdoor bench.", "A black and white picture of two shoes on a board", "A pair of boots sitting on a wooden bench in a field."]
["There is a wooden decoration on the desk. ", "The wood is nailed tight to the toys ", "A wooden box on top of two tin boxes.", "A wooden board attached to a can of some sort", "A colorful tower with a wooden rectangle on top of it"]
["two boxes covered with random photos of women ", "Two cubes with pictures of girls on their 4 sides stacked and supporting a wooded board.", "One side a bench held up by a post full of ads.", "A box statue displays women posing from all over the world.", "A type of game that is topped with a piece of wood."]
["a wooden bench that has colorful decorations ", "A craft shelf with photographic appliques is pictured.", "A wooden bench made out of a plank of wood and some legs containing photos.", "Bench with wrapped pictures around each of the legs.", "Four decorative mental tins holding up wooden plank as if it were a bench."]
["A piece of wood that is on top of a block.", "Two blocks with pictures of cats and a woman are holding a piece of wood.", "A close of photo of a leg of a bench with pictures of people at cats.", "A tin being used to hold up a wooden 2x4.", "A wooden bench on top of a set of paintings."]
["Three red stoplights against the background of a sunset..", "a stop light that is over a road way", "Three street lights turn red at the same time.", "Three traffic lights next to each other are all red.", "Three stop lights hanging on a pole near trees."]
["The neck and head of two large giraffes by a tree.", "A couple of giraffes walking around their den at the zoo", "A giraffe is next to a trunk of a tree near another giraffe.  ", "two giraffes near a tree in a fenced enclosure", "Giraffe standing next to a tall palm tree by a wooden fence."]
["A group of giraffes inside an enclosure with an antelope in the shade. ", "A giraffe looking concerned at the camera in a zoo pin.", "A giraffe standing in some hay in the middle of a zoo. ", "Giraffes in open area of zoo enclosure on sunny day.", "four giraffes and a pig living in a fenced in area"]
["A Giraffe looking down as another giraffe in the background in looking through a fence ", "A giraffe standing beside a tree and fence with another giraffe on the other side.", "A giraffe standing by a palm team with fence in the background. ", "A giraffe in a pen looks down towards the ground.", "Two giraffes in a enclosure one bending towards something."]
["there are many giraffes in a fenced in area", "two giraffes looking over a fence at trees", "A few giraffes standing in a zoo enclosure", "Two giraffes walking by as a third giraffe looks on.", "Several giraffes stand together in a fenced-in enclosure."]
["a person standing in an alley with sheep", "The fattened sheep are strolling down the old world lane.", "A WOMAND IN ALL BLACK BEHIND TO WHITE DOGS", "A person watches two sheep cross a puddled lane.", "A street in an old town with two goats and a girl wandering around."]
["a car at on intersection who has the green light", " A vehicle underneath traffic lights surrounded by colorful trees. ", "The truck is on a road with colored trees. ", "A truck is stopped at a stop light on an empty highway", "A truck is waiting at a red light. "]
["Two giraffes standing in grass surrounded by trees", "The two adult giraffe are standing very close together.", "Two giraffes standing neck to neck near some brush.", "Two giraffe standing next to each other on a field.", "two giraffe in tall grass with green trees"]
["The traffic light is clearly visible for us to see. ", "Two green stoplights that are on top of a pole.", "A couple of traffic lights sitting in the middle of a street.", "A traffic light that is green on a snowy dark day. ", "A stop light tells motorists to go across the intersection"]
["A man on motorbike rides in front of a large parade of traffic.", "We are looking up the hill at a city street full of cars.", "a city scene of many cars and a motorcycle driving in a city", "A busy city street filled with cars and a motorcycle.", "An abundance of motor vehicles navigating a city street."]
["Stairs are leading down into the streets where there is a bus.", "Shot of a stairwell overlooking a street with a bus.", "a close up ofa set of steps on top of a building", "a flight of stairs next to a road with a bus on it ", "A bus is following a bicyclist on the street."]
["Two giraffe standing next to each other on a dirt field.", "Two giraffes are walking next to a rock wall.", "Two giraffes are walking along in the dirt.", "Giraffes walking in their enclosure at the zoo", "Pair of giraffes walking an a sandy park enclosure."]
["A large blue bus parked by a tree.", "An abandoned school bus is out in the woods.", "An old blue and white bus sitting in a forest.", "an old school bus sits in a field in a retro photo", "An old bus parked in the woods "]
["A lone person stands in a large, city scene.", "Traffic lights and street signs on the corner of a city street", "Traffic lights and other signs are plentiful in the intersection.", "a man that is standing next to a building", "a man standing under the highway bridge shuffling through his stuff"]
["Giraffe standing next to each other at a zoo.", "A lot of animals that are playing together.", "Several giraffes next to a fence in an enclosure. ", "A group of giraffes gather in an enclosure.", "A family of giraffes at a zoo with rocks in the background."]
["Two buses are parked against a curb in front of a building.", "Two automobiles parked on the side of a building. ", "two tourist buses parked on street in front of old industrial building", "Two unique city buses stopped at a stop sign. ", "Buses parked outside by a building and stop sign. "]
["there is a side of a building with many pictures on it", "some people walking down a street some cars", "A car driving down a open city street.", "A silver car passes through an intersection, with traffic lights and street signs above it", "a stoplight and car on a city street"]
["A wooden bench sitting on top of a grass hillside near the ocean.", "A green picnic table next to the water.", "A park bench is sitting on the side of the river.", "a green picnic table in patch of green grass in front of a body of water ", "a picnic table sitting in a spot with a good view of the ocean "]
["A shot of several cars in front of a gas station.", "Several cars drive by the busy gas station.", "Cars are parked in the lot of a gas station.", "cars driving by a gas station with a big sign", "A BP gas station sitting on the corner of a street."]
["a red blue and yellow bus and a green and white bus and some people", "A yellow, red, and blue bus parked in a parking lot.", "A brightly painted bus pulls out of a parking space. ", "A yellow and red bus parked in a parking lot with other busses.", "The empty bus is parked in the parking lot. "]
["A stop sign and a fire hydrant on the corner of a grassy sidewalk.", "A stop sign and fire hydrant on a grassy corner", "A stop sign and fire hydrant are near a road.", "A street with a stop sign and fire hydrant on the corner and overgrown grass on the sidewalk area.", "The fire hydrant in near very long grass on the sidewalk."]
["Car parked in the parking lot next to the pier", "An old car from the 1970 's is parked in front of a dock.", "A yellow car parked in a parking lot next to a fire hydrant.", "An old car outside near a harbor of some sort.", "A car parked in a lot near a tree."]
["A blue and yellow city bus driving down the street", "The bus is painted half blue and half yellow.", "A blue and yellow bus in the city. ", "A large yellow and blue bus drives through a city", "A multi-colored transit bus parked next to a sidewalk. "]
["A stylized photograph of a really old fire hydrant sitting beside a bent iron handrail.", "An older fire hydrant that is multiple colors.", "A splotchy fire extinguisher stands next to a bent pole.", "A rusted out fire hydrant sitting next to a street.", "A rusted fire hydrant next to a metal rail"]
["A red double decker bus traveling down a street.", "A pair of red city buses travel down the bus lane.", "Two large red two level buses on a wet city street.", "Two double deckers buses travelling on a city street. ", "A red double decker bus on a wet road."]
["A wood bench set by a trellis with greenery on it.", "A wooden bench in front of a brick building.", "Grey wooden bench sitting outside next to a vine.", "Weathered bench sitting next to a brick wall.", "A wooden bench is against a brick wall."]
["A water hydrant is seen on the footpath.", "A fire hydrant is in between two parking spaces. ", "a red fire hydrant on top of a cement block", "A sidewalk has a fire hydrant on the corner", "A sidewalk lined with yellow markings and a red fire hydrant. "]
["A double deckers buss full of people taking part in a parade.", "There is a group of people waving on top of the bus", "Several people standing on a double decker bus waving.", "a double decker bus with people on top and a stripped flag", "Tour bus with passengers on roadway during outdoor celebration."]
["Two bicycles that are parked on either side of a fire hydrant.", "Two bicycles parked outside a store on the water hydrant", "Two bicycles parked next to a fire hydrant on a city sidewalk", "Two bikes leaning against a colorful fire hydrant.", "Two bicycles are parked around a fire hydrant in front of a sidewalk cafe."]
["A picturesque scene complete with a picnic table, mountain, and body of water", "some benches sitting by a clear lake ", "Benches and tables on the grass near a lake. ", "a pair of picnic tables sit before a calm lake.", "Wooden picnic tables overlook a lake and some mountains"]
["Large sized public transit bus with two levels.", "A green and white double decker bus on the street", "A double decker bus driving down a street next to a tall building.", "Modern double decker bus leaving a bus terminal.", "A double decker bus is parked at a bus terminal."]
["A red fire hydrant sitting on a sidewalk next to a street.", "Red fire hydrant sitting on the side of a city street. ", "A red fire hydrant on the middle of a sidewalk.", "Fire hydrant on a sidewalk with a Sidewalk Closed sign and construction equipment.", "A red fire hydrant in front of a sign reading \"Sidewalk Closed.\""]
["a big bus is parked as a some people ride by in a cart ", "a transit bus parked near a building near a cart", "A large bus has interesting pictures on it.", "A pedicab on a street next to a bus. ", "A petal powered tour cart passes a large commercial bus,"]
["The man is sitting on a bench and is looking out at the street.", "a man is sitting on a bench also snow and houses", "A person sitting on a bench next to a snow covered road.", "A man sitting on a bench facing the street in the winter, with snow on the ground.", "A young man sits on a bench in the snow"]
["A man walking towards a bench from the street", "A man standing behind a wooden bench painted green.", "A man is standing near some cars and a bench.", "A man in white shirt standing behind a bench next to cars.", "A man standing by a bench in the street outside of some buildings."]
["a woman in yellow is sitting on a bench", "A woman sits on a bench beside an advertising sign.", "A woman with a yellow shirt and yellow flower headband, sitting on a wooden bench outside on the grass.", "A woman sitting on top of a brown wooden bench in a field.", "A woman is sitting on a bench next to a sign."]
["Double decker buses pass Big Ben in London.", "two double stacker tour buses parked in front of a building with aclock built into the side of it", "Two bi-level passenger busses and other vehicles on a street in London. ", "a large red double decker bus traveling down a busy road", "A couple of red double decker buses driving past the Big Ben clock tower."]
["A bus traveling down the street, with Walton-Le-Dale written on it.", "The bus is parked on the side of the street.", "A brightly decorated bus sits on the road.", "A park and ride bus is on the street.", "A large long bus on a city street."]
["A white and green bus driving down a street.", "a white blue and green bus and some people walking on a street ", "A bus is pulling away from curb on a city street.", "A bus at a stop in the city", "A bus picking up passengers on the side of the street."]
["the animals are walking and grazing on the grass", "Multiple elk on the side of a hill grazing for food.", "The big horned sheep are eating grass near the rocks.", "A group of goats are grazing on a mountain.  ", "Rams and goats standing in dirt and grass field."]
["A water hydrant on the side of the road .", "A dog 's diaper is attached to a fire hydrant.  ", "A baby bib hangs on a yellow fire hydrant. ", "Yellow fire hydrant with a baby's garment hanging on it.", "A fire hydrant with a piece of clothing draped over one edge."]
["A folk of birds flying over a military ship.", "Several birds flying over a boat in the water.", "A very large white boat flying under a flock of birds.", "Birds flying over the top of a boat.", "The top of a boat and some birds flying over it."]
["A young woman pets and kisses a giraffe.", "A small giraffe is greeting a young girl.", "A girl is bonding with a young giraffe. ", "The woman has her face next to a giraffe's mouth. ", "A woman kissing a baby giraffe on it's face."]
["A brown horse standing in a lush green field with a bird on it's back.", "The bird shares a relationship with the brown horse.", "Small white bird sits on the back of a horse in an open field. ", "A bird is sitting a top of a horse. ", "a horse in a field of tall grass"]
["A view of a sheep staring at the camera, its flock is behind it.", "a few sheep and chickens on a grass field.", "A herd of sheep and a chicken standing on top of a green field.", "some chickens and some black brown and white sheep", "Sheep and roosters standing around in the grass together. "]
["An audience watches as a bird spreads its wings.", "Vulture flying over a large group of people.", "An eagle soaring over a crowd of people", "A group of people sitting down while an eagle flies over them.", "A large bird flies over a group of people at a show."]
["A blue and white double decker bus parked in a parking lot.", "A double deck tour bus sitting in a parking lot.", "This Leyland branded double decker bus belongs to Transdev Lancashire United.", "A blue and white double decker bus parking in let.", "a double deckered bus parked in a lot"]
["A group of people gather to get on a bus at the bus stop.", "People wait in line in order to board a bus.", "Multiple people board a bus at a stop.", "A group of people are loading onto a bus.", "People are boarding a bus in a retail area."]
["A large decorated bus has a couple of folks standing by it. ", "A bus parked beside a building in a parking lot.", "a bus loading and unloading passengers in a parking lot", "A large bus sitting next to a very tall building.", "Three people looking at a bus parked in a parking space."]
["A street sign marking the intersection of Roberts and Cedar Streets", "a stop sign that has a street sign on top", "A street sign is shown against the blue sky.", "A couple of green street signs mounted above a stop sign.", "Two street signs display two cross roads againsta a cloudy sky."]
["A street has a traffic light, a parked bicycle, and a car on it.", "a woman is walking down the sidewalk of a street", "A street corner with a bunch of trash on it.", "various furniture on the side of a street", "A woman that is standing next to a glass window."]
["A group of three men standing in front of a double decker bus.", "Three men stand in front of a large bus.", "Three men in suits standing in front of a bus.", "Three men standing in front of a bus.", "Three men in suits who are standing in front of a bus."]
["a small cake decorated with birds on top", "A cake topped with two frosting birds next to fruit.", "TWO BIRDS AND FRUIT ARE BEING USED AS A TOPPER OF A CAKE", "Figurines of birds outside next to a field of grass.", "two little birds sitting on top of a wedding cake \n"]
["A large bus driving past a few stores.", "A tour bus on a street in an older section of town.", "A large bus on the side of the street.", "A very large bus on the street near a business.", "A champagne colored bus on road next to a building."]
["A donkey leads a herd of sheep down a busy street.", "A donkey leads a herd of sheep on a city street.", "Three young boys herding goats and a donkey past some cars.", "Boys behind mules and goats on the street. ", "A group of sheep with a donkey walking in a parking lot."]
["When it's this cold, it's better to stay out of the wind.", "Sheep are laying in the snow in a group of five.", "Pack of five sheep sleeping on a snowy day.", "Five sheep lying in the snow with full coats of wool", "Sheep are laying down together in the snow."]
["A bus stop sign on a city street.", "A blue bus stop sign near a highway.", "A large blue bus sign sitting on the side of a road.", "A bus stop sign on a city street. ", "A bus stop sign on the side of the road."]
["An empty intersection of a colorful urban area.", "A building under construction and one painted bright colors.", "A parking meter sign next to a  road with tall buildings.", "A bus lane is empty near some tall buildings.", "A variety of street signs at a street corner."]
["A bird sits on a rear view mirror", "a bird sitting on a side view mirror", "A bird standing on the side mirror of a vehicle.", "A grey and black bird standing on a mirror. ", "A bird is perched on a very small mirror."]
["A bus is passing through an intersection beside a building.", "Large white bus on a city street at night. ", "A white and red bus turning on street next to buildings.", "A city street with a public bus riding on the street at night, and a building in the background.", "a public bus taking a left turn on the road"]
["Group of white sheep walking in a field of grass together. ", "A sheep with his eyes closed standing in the field", "A sheep in a field in front of other sheep.", "sheep that are standing in the grass and grazing.", "a close up of a sheep in a field "]
["The clock for sale has  birds displayed on it.", "A metal clock has species of birds instead of numbers.", "Clock with birds on face for purchase displayed in shop.", "a clock depicting birds for the hour ", "A clock has birds for each hour to mark the day."]
["An all way stop sign on a sidewalk area.", "A stop sign sitting on the side of a road.", "A stop sign with multiple stickers on it.", "A stop sign is on a curb near cars and a building.", "A red stop sign on the corner of a city street."]
["A stop sign in the middle of two streets.", "A stop sign in the woods on the corner of Geyer Springs", "a red stop sign and a green street sign", "Two street signs located above a stop sign.", "Cross-roads sign attached to top of Stop sign"]
["a road that has a big red stop sign by it", "a stop and a street sign on a pole", "a street and stop sign next to the corner ", "A street stop sign at Windham Drive and Mail Route Road.", "There is a stop sign where one road ends and intersects another."]
["A room filled with wooden furniture and white walls.", "Three peacocks on tables in a small room", "Three peacocks sitting on tables in a long room.", "Three adult peacocks sitting on wooden tables in a small room. ", "Peacocks strut on top of some tables in a room.  "]
["A man walking while holding an umbrella on a wet sidewalk.", "A gentleman with an umbrella in the rain", "A man walking on a city street holding an open umbrella on a rainy day ", "A man walking down a sidewalk by a traffic light", "A mean about to cross a crosswalk on a yellow light"]
["Sign indicating danger of falling rocks with snow", "a black white and red sign some snow rocks and trees", "a sign sits dug inside of some snow ", "A caution avalanche triangle sign by a mountain side.", "A snowy and icy side of rock, with a sign standing in front of it."]
["Three giraffes grazing in a forested area. ", "Some giraffes are seen roaming out in the wild.", "A group of giraffe standing on a lush grass covered hillside.", "Three giraffes that are standing in the grass.", "THERE ARE GIRAFFES THAT ARE WALKING IN THE WOODS"]
["A dead end street sign sitting next to abandoned furniture and garbage", "a dead end street with trash laying out on the corner ", "a street with garbage cans and street signs in the dark hours", "Furniture sits at the end of the street.", "Junk sits on a street next to a Dead End sign."]
["A street sign pointing the way to Jordan ", "A street sign for Jordan in front of a building. ", "a close up of a street sign on a pole", "Up close shot of street sign titled Jordan St.", "a white building  in front of a street sign name JORDAN."]
["A street sign in the city giving directions to several intercity areas. ", "Street sign in front of office building showing parking locations.", "There is a large green street sign with many different directions", "A street sign for car garages next to a building.", "There is a street sign near a tall building."]
["A giraffe is sitting down in the wild. ", "A giraffe laying on top of a cement ground.", "a giraffe sitting around among some rocks ", "A giraffe in the zoo resting near the rocks,", "The giraffe is sitting and taking a rest."]
["A single giraffe standing in an open field.", "there is a very tall zebra standing alone in the wild", "A giraffe standing on top of a dry grass field.", "a single giraffe is out in a barren field ", "A Giraffe standing in an area with dry grass and trees behind it. "]
["An old fashioned street sign in a town on the corner. ", "A white light pole with two signs hanging off of it's sides.", "a big street sign for a lot of streets on a pole ", "A street light with several street signs on it.", "A large light post with names on them."]
["Lot of the building, behind the fence, full of garbage", "a fence with a sign and a cluttered ground in the background", "A group of cars parked behind a  wire fence.", "A lot with debris fenced in with a sign of the fencing's company on it. ", "A chain link fence contains a building and rubbish. "]
["A large group of birds in the water.", "Large group of ducks swimming in a small pond together. ", "Group of ducks swimming in water near trees together. ", "A flock of ducks swimming across a lake.", "A number of ducks in a water pan", "a group of ducks are sitting on a lake"]
["Two giraffes standing around on the grassy plains.", "Two giraffes stand in a field against a blue sky.  ", "Two giraffes in the wild in a grassy field.", "Some giraffe are standing in the middle of a green pasture.", "Two giraffe standing next to each other on a lush green field."]
["Street signs at an intersection of roads in front of a brick building.", "two green and white street signs and a house", "A street corner with the the street sign Flicker Lane and a brick house in the back", "A street sign is in front of the brick house.", "An intersection of two streets in front of a home."]
["A red and white sign that reads \" Give Way \" .", "A \"give way\" sign on the shoulder of a rural road.", "a street sign sits next to a road", "A sign on a pole on a street.", "Red and white street sign in the middle of the road. "]
["A small white bird flying over the water.", "A seagull that is flying over some water.", "A bird is flying over the water near mountains.", "some water some hills and a black and white bird", "A seagulls is soaring over the ocean with the mountains in the background."]
["A bird perched on top of a tree branch.", "A small bird perched on a thick tree branch.", "a bird with a red beak on the branch of a tree", "A small bird is standing on a brench", "a small bird on a branch in a tree near leaves"]
["Man sitting in an innertube with a hat on the Sidneyville. ", "A person in a hat sitting in an inflatable boat.", "A man that is laying down in a inflatable boat.", "a person laying in a floating device on a balcony", "A man laying on top of an orange raft."]
["Two cars and a motorcycle are parked in the same small spot at various times.", "There are various pictures of parked vehicles in different positions", "A motorcycle fits in between two parked cars as another passes by.", "Several pictures of a street parking spot in a neighborhood.", "Examples of parking lines shown for cars and a motorcycle.  "]
["A side view of a train passing through a mountain trail.", "a close up of a train on a train track near plant life", "A trolly takes tourists through a green park.", "A shuttle going along a track beside a hill. ", "A train traveling along a lush green country side."]
["The view from a platform at a train station.", "Two trains adjacent to each other that are near a train station platform. ", "Two trains traveling paralell to one another on train tracks.", "A view of a railway station with two trains in the distance", "Two yellow trolley trains are on the tracks."]
["A zeppelin flying in the air as a water spouts occurs in a city lake.", "View of birds on the roof edge and a blimp in the sky", "A air blimp is flying over the city skyline as birds are perched on a brick building nearby. ", "A blimp flying over a city with body of water.", "Several birds overlook the skyline of a distant city."]
["A pair of sheep looking eagerly at something through a fence.", "A group of sheep stand behind a wooden fence.", "two sheep sticking their head through the fence", "Two white sheep poking their heads through a fence.", "a couple of sheep sticking their heads through a wooden fence"]
["A red commuter train passing through a train station.", "a red and white train sitting on the tracks by an empty platform ", "A red and white train under the walkway of a train station.", "A red train is stopped at the platform of a station.", "A red train on a track near a covered area."]
["A group of street signs casting a shadow on a white wall.", "The shadow of a traffic sign is on a white surface near a street.", "A post on the street has traffic signs in front of a covered window.", "A shadow on a billboard near a street.", "A white and black and red traffic signs on side of oad"]
["A look out of the window of a train on the tracks.", "in this picture you can see threw a train window ", "The view from a train on railroad tracks ", "The control stand used by the train conductor.", "The view from the front window of a train."]
["There is a small yellow bird standing on a fence", "The small bird is perched on the wooden railing. ", "A small yellow bird standing on wooden rails.", "A yellow bird sitting on a white piece of wood.", "A yellow finch perched on a white fence."]
["An image of a raptor, possibly an eagle, extending its wings overhead against a yellow and maroon sky.", "An eagle is in full wing span while flying in a sunset sky.", "A large hawk flying through a purple and orange sky.", "A Skyview of an eagle flying in the air.", "The underside of a large flying bird, with an orange and mauve background."]
["A bird is standing on a rock by the water.", "There is a bird on the side of a tree", "There is a bird standing next to a pond of water.", "A bird is perched on a log next to the water.", "A bird is sitting on a tree over green ferns."]
["A close up image of a street sign letting people know where they are. ", "a pole with some street signs next to a high rise ", "A green street sign that reads \" Pike \" hanging from a pole.", "A street sign with the words Pike Plaza on it.", "there is a street sign that shows an arrow and a street name"]
["A goat stands in front of a man poorly dressed.", "A cow standing in front of the open door leading to a bedroom.", "The large bull is walking outside of the house of a man in bed. ", "A ram is walking in front of a person in a bed.", "A statue of a bull in front of a person on a bed."]
["A herd of cattle standing on top of a dirt and grass field.", "a farmer by his herd of cattle during their feeding", "a male in a white hat and some brown black and white cattle", "A man standing with his cattle in a field ", "a farmer and his dogs gathering up his cattle"]
["Two birds that are sitting in a marsh area.", "A couple of birds standing next to each other.", "Two gray birds are wading in shallow green water.", "One of the two large, dark birds is spreading it's wings. ", "Two birds standing on rocks that are in the water. "]
["A stormy looking photo with a cargo train.", "A train at a train depot at night.", "Black and white photo of an industrial train", "A train is traveling on a cloudy night.", "an aerial view of trains traveling through a city."]
["A train traveling down tracks near a rural countryside.", "A train decorated with candy canes and other Christmas decorations.", "a long train is coming down some tracks", "A train engine carrying carts as a man checks the front.", "A man that is standing on a track in front of a train."]
["A street sign is filled with various stickers.  ", "A pole on a city street covered with signs and stickers in front of a blue crane.", "The back of sign and pole is fully decorated with stickers.", "A tall blue crane sitting next to a tall building.", "A street sign that has been filled with stickers."]
["A man has a crow sitting on his hand.", "A guy holds a bird up on his gloved hand in front of a crowd.", "A person holds a bird in front of the trees.", "People watching a person holding a bird in a wooded area.", "A person holding a bird of prey while others look on"]
["A woman hosing down a passenger railway car.", "A lady with a water hose spraying the windows on a train.", "A woman with a water hose washing down a passenger rail car.", "A woman that is holding a water hose near a train.", "A woman washing a brown and tan train. "]
["A toddler on a surfboard in the sand on a beach.", "a small boy with a hat is standing on a surf board", "A boy standing on a surfboard at the beach.", "A baby standing on a surf board on the beach.", "A small boy in cap and trunks stands on a surfboard on a beach."]
["A grey, white and black duck next to water.", "A bird walking in the grass near some water.", "A duck is walking along the bank of the river or lake.", "a gray goose walking along the water's edge", "A goose standing next to a body of water."]
["a street sign on a pole near a building ", "A street sign in a European country in front of a building", "A black and white street sign with a white building behind it.", "A fancy wrought iron street sign in a city in Poland. ", "Street sign on pole outside of building with windows."]
["A flock of birds flies in the sky.", "A group of birds flying in a cloudy sky", "Seven birds fly through the air near the clouds.", "Seven birds flying together in a lightly clouded sky", "a group of birds flying with a sky back ground"]
["A train travels through a rural area as it blows smoke", "A black train engine pulling red train cars through grassy area.", "A train going through the country side on a sunny day", "There is no image here to provide a caption for.", "A train moves through a scenic, hilly landscape."]
["A tall wooden pole with two street signs hanging from it.", "A close up view of a pole with some signs and wires.", "A wood pole with electrical wires come from it and a box attached to it.  ", "A electric pole with two signs hanging from it. ", "Traffic directional signs displayed next to wooden power pole."]
["A train riding over a stone bridge near some steps.", "A photo of a train moving past a bridge", "A long train on top of a very high bridge.", "A train crossing a stone bridge surrounded by trees.", "A black train passing on a bridge over water."]
["A blue and white train engine pulling a red train car.", "A train sits outside a train station as it waits to leave", "a blue train sitting on the tracks next to a building", "A train is parked next to stairs and a building.", "A blue train sitting next to a tall yellow building."]
["A set of train tracks with cargo train cars on one side and people on the other side near several buildings.", "The men are working with bags of material next to the train tracks.", "A train pulling into a train station with a crowd of people.", "The village people are near the train tracks.", "People digging through bags at a train station."]
["A building with a grey hound road sign on it", "A tall brown brick building next to a street with traffic.", "A brick building at the corner of an urban street.", "A city street corner with a brick building.", "Multiple views of graffiti underneath a sign on a brick wall."]
["A group of people at a train station with a passing train.", "Commuters await a train at an outdoor station. ", "A train on a track beside a group of people. ", "A group of people and a train on a steel track.", "a train going down a track while people are standing at a train platform"]
["An orange road construction sign near a curve in the road.", "A road sign indicating a turn with a construction sign attached.", "A road sign warning of a curve ahead above a sign warning of stops ahead.", "A curved road with a lot of road signs. ", "The sign warns of the impending curve in the road."]
["A bus driving under a bridge down a road.", "Cars are driving near buses and under a train track", "a train is passing above a couple of vehicles", "A street with cars and  bus at a stop sign, with an elevated track over road with a commuter train on it against blue sky.", "Vehicles on a street with a train overhead."]
["A lamp above a sign on a building with flowers.", "A street light hanging from the side of a building.", "A sign hanging on the side of a building.", "A street light next to a flower box on a building", "a decorative  sign with a light and some potted flowers"]
["A red street sign hanging off the side of a building.", "A post with three signs and a building in the backround", "Several signs on a post indicate the locations of places.", "Various street signs in French outside of a building.", "There are buildings with red street signs in the front of them."]
["A train sitting on train tracks next to a  small rural road.", "There is a train sitting on some train tracks.", " A rusty old train on top of train tracks.", "a steam train travels through a park area ", "an old ttrain sitting on some tracks behind a train "]
["A red stop sign over a yellow pedestrian crossing sign.", "A pedestrian crossing stop sign in front of a store.", "A stop sign outside of the local supercenter.", "A stop sign with a pedestrian sign is near a building.", "A pedestrian crossing and stop sign outside a building."]
["A stop sign with a domed tower in the background.", "A 3-way stop sign is close up, with a few buildings behind it.", "A 3-Way Stop sign in front of many building structures.", "A nearby stop sign in front of a large house.", "There is a three way stop infront of a building."]
["A commuter train movig non bridge over water", "The huge train is travelling beside the water.", "A bridge over the water with a train going down it", "A passenger train that is going over a bridge.", "A train crossing a bridge that is over water."]
["There is a big stop sign colored in red and white ", "a close up of a red and white stop sign on a black background", "A close up picture stop sign with a black background.", "A typical red stop sign with large, white capital letters spelling STOP.", "Closeup view of a stop sign with a black background."]
["A train rounds the bend in a lush green mountain setting.", "A train rolling on the tracks over a bridge.", "Old train crosses a railway bridge in a forest.", "A train crossing a brick bridge while going through grassy mountains.", "A train moving on a bridge over the mountains."]
["A stop sign is sitting in piles of snow.", "stop sign in the middle of a snowy patch by a road in the forest", "there is a stop sign on a big pole in the middle of the snow", "A traffic sign on a pole surrounded by snow. ", "A stop sign in a snowy bank in the woods."]
["a street sign with a sky in the background ", "Three different traffic signs with a building in the background.", "A stop sign over a pedestrian crossing sign.", "A stop sign and pedestrian sign have cloudy skies behind them.", "A stop sign and pedestrian crossing sign in front of a warehouse."]
["The stop sign has writing on the front side of it. ", "A stop sign under some other street signs.", "A stop sign under a one way sign and street signs has graffiti on it.", "Close up of a street pole with a stop sign with graffiti under a one way sign under two street signs with low buildings, telephone poles and wires behind and a blue sky with clouds.", "a sign showing the direction and the name of the street"]
["A street sign sitting on the side of a road.", "A stop sign on the side of the street.", "A stop sign is shown with stickers covering it.", "Two covered signs, one being a Stop sign are standing alone. ", "A view of a street and a stop sign that is covered with stickers. "]
["A red stop sign sitting on the side of a road.", "A stop sign with street signs attached in the middle of a storm.", "a couple streets signs on the side of the road.", "A stop sign view through the window, with rain on it.", "A stop sign on a street corner beside an ad for painting services."]
["A woman looking out the window of a train.", "A woman holding her head out the side of a train.", "a red and silver train and a woman and people", "a person that is sticking their head out the window", "a woman looking out a window of a red train "]
["View from a train car of passing tracks and trees.", "A train next to another set of tracks driving next to tropical trees.", "A rail track next to a train that is moving.", "a close up of a train on a train track", "A passenger train moving along train tracks in a forested area."]
["A close up of a rusty train next to a bicycle.", "A red bicycle parked close to a black train.", "A bicycle that is resting up against a train.", "A bike is leaned up against an old rusted train.", "A rusted train driving into a red bike."]
["nice picture of two signs in front of mountains ", "a stop sign and no outlet sign by a snowy mountain", "Various traffic signs displayed with a rural background", "A stop sign and no outlet sign at Paris Lane.", "Several road signs on the side of a snowy road."]
["some people and kids riding on a small train by some trees ", "a miniture train hauling a group of people on a ride", "A group of people riding in a small train.", "A man sitting on a train engine with a car full of people behind it.", "Miniature train with an \"engineer\" and tourist passengers."]
["A stop sign and a cart on the side of the road.", "a corner with a stop sign, red light poles and a yellow shopping cart.", "A stop sign stands at the curb of an empty intersection. ", "Yellow shopping cart near street sign and lampposts in urban setting.", "A stop sign in front of a short building"]
["A person and some vehicles on a road.", "A man with a stroller standing next to a self-pay parking meter.", "A parking meter with orange barriers around it.", "A man standing with a stroller next to a busy street.", "there is a parking pay meter that is about to fall"]
["A yellow and red train traveling down tracks.", "A silver, red, and yellow train approaching on the tracks. ", "A yellow and red train is at a train stop. ", "Front diagonal view of commuter train on tracks, outside between platforms.", "A train sits stationary on a track adjacent to a house. "]
["A passenger train traveling on rail road tracks.", "A train is traveling down a railroad track.", "The large modern train is on the train track.", "A train is seen on railroad tracks at a train station.", "A passenger train runs down a track beneath wires."]
["A yellow train traveling down train tracks past a bridge..", "A yellow and red train with lights on rounding a curve on the tracks.", "a train on rails rides through a city ", "A passenger train speeding past an empty train stop.", "A train traveling in a curve on a track to a station."]
["A train pulls up to an empty platform.", "A yellow train pulling into a train station next to a platform. ", "A yellow train is currently stopped at the tracks. ", "A passenger train leaving the train station that is now empty..", "A commuter train approaching an outdoor railway station"]
["A train on some tracks with power lines above it.", "A train coming closer to the person taking the picture.", "A yellow and blue train traveling down train tracks.", "A train that is sitting on the tracks under wires.", "The yellow and green train is rounding the curve of the track."]
["an image of a parking meter with colorful designs", "A parking meter has been decorated with many colors.", "a close up of a painted parking meter on a street", "A parking meter on a street with painting all over it.", "a colorful painted parking meter on a sidewalk."]
["A parking meter with a wooden stick figure on top.", "a weathered parking meter and a little box man on top of it", "There is a handmade wooden doll  sitting on top of the coin-operated parking meter.", "A parking meter with a little wooden man standing on top of it.", "a parking meter with a little paper man on the top of it. "]
["two road workers with one directing the traffic", "Utility workers busy repairing lines on a roadway.", "an image of a truck that is hoisting up", "A power company worker works while another worker directs traffic.  ", "Traffic attendants are directing cars away from a truck."]
["A truck is carrying bicycles in the back.", "An old style flat bed truck loaded with many bikes.", "A man looking at a truck carrying bicycles.", "The man with the backpack stands next to the truck.", "a man is walking towards a truck with bikes"]
["A dog sits in the cab of a state pickup truck.", "A dog driving a truck down a street.", "A dog is sitting in the driver's seat of a truck.", "A dog sitting in a truck, in the driver seat.", "A dog sitting in the drivers side of a truck. "]
["A dog sitting in the back of a truck under a blue umbrella.", "A dog sitting in the back of a white pick up truck with an umbrella ", "A dog sitting in the back of a truck under an umbrella", "A dog laying in the back of a pickup under an umbrella", "A dog is under an umbrella in the back of a truck"]
["A person that is on the front of a can.", "An clock with an asian child on it with asian writing.", "A clock with advertisement on face of clock.", "A clock with a picture of a young Asian girl wearing a hat.", "A picture of a boy with two clock arms on his face."]
["A dog that is standing in the grass with a bull.", "Dog about to snap at a cow in an open pasture", "A bull and a dog in a standoff in a grassy field.", "Black-and-white dog barking at a Blackcow in a few. ", "The dog is in the field barking at the large animal."]
["Dog watching a guinea pig on a bed sheet.", "A cat in a bed being watched by a large dog.", "A cat and dog look at each other over a blue blanket.", "A dog and a cat eye each other over the edge of a bed.", "A guinea pig and a dog look at each other on a bed."]
["Horse, cow, leopard and a lady looking at the camera.", "A painting of a woman under arches is surrounded by animals.", "A cheetah, cow, horse, and woman looking down a hallway.", "A painting of a horse, a cow and a leopard with a woman sitting in a narrow corridor.", "A woman sits in an old, stone hallway, while animals look on."]
["a brown cow is laying in a pin", "A large cow is sitting in a fenced area.", "A large brown bull with long horns laying on grass.", "A brown cow with horns in the grass", "Brown bull with horns laying down in field near wooden fence."]
["There is a semi truck towing two trucks behind it.", "a semi truck with two trucks on the back of it.", "A semi truck with two smaller trucks on back of it.", "a big blue truck hauling other blue trucks", "A tractor trailer is hauling two smaller trucks"]
["A white truck parked on the side of a road.", "a a truck parked on the side of a road near many trees ", "A repair truck is parked on the side of a grassy shoulder.", "A fire truck is parked on the shoulder of a road in the country.", "Road construction truck pulled on side of the road."]
["A black piece of luggage with a gray and white cat laying inside of it.", "An open suitcase on the floor containing various items.", "TIGER CAT INSIDE OF A PACKED SUITCASE PULLING ON A BAG", "A cat is in a suitcase biting a plastic bag.", "A cat sits in a suitcase biting on a plastic bag."]
["The front side of a red truck that has chrome trim.", "a red fire engine is parked on the grass and some people", "A decorated old truck is parked on the grass.", "A very old fire engine in good condition, displayed in a field.", "A very large red fire truck sitting on top of green grass."]
["A black cat with its head in a blue cup.", "A black cat drinking out of a blue cup.", "A black cat taking a drink out of a bright blue cup.", "A black cat has its head in a cup.", "Black cat sticking its face inside a blue container. "]
["A cat is resting its chin on the edge of a table and looking at a knife. ", "A black and white cat on a purple bed looking at a blue Swiss army knife.", "The cat looks uncomfortable resting his head on the table.", "A cat rests its chin on a table which holds a knife", "a black and white cat is looking at a knife"]
["A couple of red trucks parked next to a park.", "Park courtyard with trees, vans on street, and building.", "A large park across the street from a big building.", "A view of two red trucks, a man sitting on a bench, and cars on the side.", "a men sitting on a bench in a plaza near a building"]
["A couple of cats sitting on top of a chair with a wooden back.", "a grey and blck cat sitting side by side on a chair", "Two cats laying on a blanket on a chair.", "Two different color cats sitting beside each other in a chair. ", "A black and a grey cat sit beside each other."]
["A water buffalo with long horns standing in a wooded area behind a wire fence.", "A bison horns next to a fence with a barbed wire top.", "The large brown animal stands behind the fence in the wilderness.", "an animal behind a fence next to a tree", "A large brown yak by a fence near a stand of trees."]
["A cat sitting on a chair in a room.", "Grey and white cat sitting on a chair near a dinner table. ", "A cat sitting on top of a wooden chair.", "A gray cat sitting on top of a chair near a table", "a small grey cat is sitting on a wooden chair"]
["A brown and black cow in a field with a barn in the background.", "A cow and a calf are standing in a pen.", "a brown and  white cow standing and a calf sucking", "2 farm cows stand on a baron field", "A white and brown cow with a baby calf next to it."]
["A food truck is parked in front of other cars on the street.", "A food truck on side of street next to buildings.", "A variety of cars are parked on the side of the road.", "an eatery that is parked in front of several cars and with office  buildings across the street.", "The food truck is parked on the city street."]
["The man is carrying a book bag with two bananas in it.", "a man carrying a backpack and a camera as he goes for a walk ", "A man walking across a field with a banana in a back pack.", "a person is walking with a backpack and camera, there are bananas in the backpack ", "A person wears a camera near a backpack with bananas in the side pocket."]
["a park with food trucks park out front ", "Trucks, campers, and cars are parked in the background behind trees.", "Two food trucks in the parking area of a park.", "Lunch trucks parked along side of a park with picnic tables.", "A park with food truck vendors in the background."]
["A black cat laying on top of a bed next to pillows.", "The black cat is laying on the bed with its head on a pillow. ", "a cat lays on a bad near some pillows ", "A cat lays on the bed near some pillows. ", "The cat is laying on the made bed"]
["A big green Ford F250 Pickup truck parked in the city lot", "A green truck parked in a parking lot.", "A green pick up truck parked in a parking lot next to trees.", "GREEN PICKUP TRUCK PARKED IN A PARKING LOT IN FRONT OF GREEN TREES", "A green truck is parked in a concrete parking lot."]
["A truck is moving along a city street.", "a white and blue truck is driving down the street", "A large white truck on a city street.", "An ice-cream truck turning a corner at the intersecction.", "An ice cream truck driving down the road."]
["A pickup truck driving through a desert envirnonment", "A black truck is traveling along the desert.", "A big truck driving on a hot day in the sand.", "A black truck is driving on an open sandy area", "A car driving through a desert with a dust cloud behind. "]
["Two cows in a small penned area standing together", "A couple of cows standing in a field.", "Two cows stand next to each other inside a corral.", "Two light brown cows standing inside of gated corral.", "The two cows are standing near a metal fence."]
["A cat is lounging on a book shelf.", "A cat sits on top of a book shelve.", "A cat laying on top of a shelf.", "A cat sitting on a shelf, with its paw cupped.", "A cat laying on a desk in a room."]
["A cat laying on top of a wooden shelf with boxes.", "A cat lying on its side with its eyes closed.", "A picture of a cat sleeping on a bookshelf.  ", "A sleeping cat lies on top of a bookshelf.", "A cute lazy looking cat laying down on a shelf."]
["A cat sitting on top of a shelf with a mouse box.", "Small cat resting on a light brown shelves.", "A cat lounges on top of a bookshelf. ", "A cat lays on top of a shelf. ", "the cat is sitting on top og the shelf "]
["a white cow walking down the street next to some motorcycles ", "a white cow walking in an inhabited area of a nieghborhood", "There is a white cow/bull in front of a white building with purple trim.", "a cow that i standing next to a purple building", "A cow walking on the side of the road beside a home and some bikes. "]
["A young alpaca under a tree in the country.", "a brown bull is standing in his pen and some trees", "A brown four legged animal with horns in the outdoors. ", "A steer is standing under a shade tree.", "a cow under the shade of a near by tree"]
["Black and white cows stand around in a farm yard.", "Multiple black and white cows standing in a cow pen.", "Black and white cows with ear tags facing the camera.", "Holstein calves with tags on their ears stand in a corral", "A group of cows are standing inside a fence."]
["A cow is standing still with a plastic apparatus on his hip end.", "A black and white cow stands in an enclosure.", "A black and white cow standing next to a metal fence.", "A close up of a black and white cow is shown.", "A cow standing in a fenced area near other cows."]
["A group of animals grazing on grass in a field.", "A herd of cow grazing in a field.", "A black and white pictures shows a herd of grazing cows. ", "Several cows grazing in a field ringed by trees.", "A black and white view of a herd of cows grazing in the field. "]
["A group of brown cows standing on top of a lush green field.", "Group of brown cows with ear tags in grassy field.", "A tagged cow in a grass field looking at the camera.", "a close up of a cow on a field outdoors", "The two cows have a reddish tint to their hide."]
["There are four brown and white cows in a row and a couple more behind them.", "A herd of brown and white cows standing on top of a green field.", "A herd of cows is standing in a grassy field.", "A herd of cows looking at the person taking the picture.", "a bunch of cows are standing in a field"]
["A woman is using a laptop on the couch as a black and white cat lays on the keyboard.", "Cat trying to lay down on a woman's lap in place of lap top. ", "A woman using a laptop computer with a cat sleeping on top of it.", "A cat resting its head on someones keybaord", "A woman is using her laptop while her cat is sleeping on it."]
["A cat on a pet bed looking at a laptop.", "This is a picture of a cat laying near a laptop computer", "tree is a cat sleeping between someones legs", "A person holds a computer on their legs, and a cat between their legs.", "It looks like the cat is using the laptop."]
["Several people standing next to a wooden walkway. ", "Some people standing next to a large brick building.", "A group of people standing on top of a pier next to a tall building.", "there are a few people standing on a dock next to a building", "a small group of people standing in front of a building"]
["A boat sitting on the side of a white building.", "A small brown boat sitting outside on cement street", "A boat that is on the side of a house. ", "A canoe laying next to a white wall", "Old wooden boat leaning up against the building"]
["Couple wearing hats enjoy a calm elephant ride with tour guide in front", "Three people on top of an elephant in the woods.", "The people are riding the elephant in the forest. ", "Three people riding an elephant through the jungle", "A guide shows tourists the jungle from the top of an elephant."]
["A woman strikes a funny pose while holding a book.", "A woman sitting on the floor holding a book.", "A woman is sitting on the floor holding a book.", "A girl displays an expression on her face, while sitting on the ground with an open book in hand.", "This is a girl with thick plastic glasses reading a book."]
["Different colored ties hang near two old picture frames.", "a couple of pictures sit on a dresser top ", "The framed pictures beneath the assorted ties are antiques.", "a box holds some gloves and old-fashioned photographs, with ties hanging above", "A box filled with two old framed pictures and topped with neck ties."]
["A little boy dressed up in a \"Harry Potter\" costume. ", "A young boy wearing glasses and a neck tie.", "A boy dressed in a Harry Potter type outfit in a room.", "a little boy in a suit wear eye glasses", "A young boy in Harry Potter round glasses and tie."]
["A man in sunglasses, a suit and rope noose tie wearing black gloves.", "Man in a suit, gloves and dark glasses moving through a crowd.", "A man in a suit is standing amongst a bunch of people.", "A man in a suit, black gloves, and sunglasses looks out of place in an outdoor crowd of casually dressed people.", "A man wearing a very nice suite is standing in a crowd of people."]
["A woman standing outside by a tree ", "A woman standing in the dirt trying to put a hood on.", "a woman standing outdoors with a cat on her shoulders ", "A woman standing in a field pulling up her hood.", "a women that is standing outside next to a tree"]
["A girl and a boy smile at each other.", "The couple smiles as she pulls playfully at his tie.", "The young couple is having a very good time together.", "A woman standing next to a man pulling his tie.", "a man with a lanyard around his neck who is smiling at a woman"]
["A man sitting on a chair on a boat dock.", "A man sitting on a chair that is on a deck over the water.", "A man wearing sunglasses sitting in a chair on a dock. ", "A man sitting in a chair on a dock. ", "A man sitting in a chair looking up and to the right"]
["A large group of elephants on a grassy field.", "A herd of elephants walking across a lush green field.", "A large group of elephants are grazing in grass.", "A herd of elephants grazing in a prairie", "A group of elephants in grassy field with mountains in background."]
["Several people ride elephants through the water in the jungle while others ride a raft. ", "A group of people riding elephants across a river.", "A group of people on elephants, riding in seats that are fastened to the elephants backs and crossing a river that has people on a raft travelling down it.", "People rafting on a river while others ride on top of elephants.", "a few elephants walking on a body of water"]
["A group of men standing next to each other.", "a bunch of men are standing near a display", "A group of people who are standing together.", "some men wearing ties and suits and some posters ", "four men in suits talking near robot model "]
["Vintage scout master sowing something to girl scouts.", "A group of women in uniforms standing together.", "Three women who are wearing a uniform of some sort.", "Three women scouts staring at an object together.", "This an old fashion picture of three original girl scouts."]
["A man who is standing by a sign that says lost children. ", "A man in a suit standing by a lost children sign.", "The man in a suit is standing next to a green sign. ", "A man in a suit that is next to a sign.", "A man stands next to a sign reading \"lost children\"."]
["A person is taken in this very picture.\n", "A man is sitting in front of an umbrella outside a restaurant. ", "A man with glasses and a hat on looking to his right.", "a person in a green shirt, black baseball cap, and black rimmed glasses underneath a red umbrella outdoors.", "Man with ball cap wearing glasses sitting under umbrella."]
["Two little boys in vests with a football.", "Two small boys in dress clothing with a football.", "Two small children wearing ties sitting on the grass.", "Two young boys in vests sitting on the grass, with one boy holding a football in his lap.", "the two boys are enjoying playing with the football."]
["A man wearing a nice pink shirt with a pink tie. ", "A person is wearing a pink tie and a pink dress shirt ", "A pink shirt and matching tie worn by a man.", "A close up of a tie on a man ", "A man wearing a pink shirt and a pink tie with a design."]
["A man with glasses, checkered shirt and dotted tie", "a man in glasses wearing a tie stands in front of a house", "A man with a tie and glasses is by a house.", "A man in glasses wearing a neck tie standing next to a building.", "A MAN IN A COLLARED SHIRT AND TIE STANDING IN FRONT OF A HOUSE "]
["An elephant walks around a small, fenced-in area.", "A large elephant inside a fence at a zoo.", "an elephant standing next to a fence in the shade", "An elephant standing in a fenced in area.", "An elephant walking around inside of an enclosure."]
["An older couple getting married in front of a crowd.", "An older couple having a wedding ceremony. ", "A man and woman in wedding attire at a ceremony.", "THERE IS AN OLDER COUPLE THAT IS GETTING MARRIED ", "Bride and Groom at table with flowers on it "]
["Some small boats are tied up by the city.", "A picture of an outdoor area that looks great.", "Several boats anchored in open water in a  harbor area.", "Many boats tied off in a big harbor", "A bunch of boats that are sitting in the water."]
["This elephant is walking through grass near rocks.", "An elephant standing on a lush green field.", "A grey elephant with tusks walking in the grass", "A large elephant standing in the open near some rocks.", "An elephant on a field with lots of grass."]
["A man wearing a blue tie and a shirt.", "A man is all dressed up in a suit .", "A man wearing a tie standing in from of a line of trees.", "A man in a blue tie in front of a forest line.", "An Arab man wearing a white shirt, dark pants and a bright blue tie."]
["A man sitting on a couch in a black suit and tie looking impatient. ", "a person sitting down wearing a suit and tie", "A man sitting on a couch wearing a black jacket and tie.", "A man in all black attire setting on a light gray couch.", "A man with a full black suit and tie sitting on a couch."]
["A woman is setting up an umbrella on a deck.", "A women who is adjusting an umbrella outside.", "A woman opens up and umbrella on a balcony.", "the woman is holding on to an umbrella", "A woman that is next to a fence under an umbrella."]
["A yellow duck boat floating on top of a lake.", "A lake with a paddle boat and a blue sky.", "A yellow swan boat ride on a body of water under a cloudless sky.", "A tour boat on a man made lake under a blue sky", "A swan looking paddle boat is out on the water."]
["A woman riding on a duck boat on the lake", "The boat has been made into a large, yellow boat.", "Person taking picture from a  yellow duck paddle boat.", "A woman is riding in a boat that resembles a duck.", "Yellow duck shaped pedal boat with woman taking picture."]
["A large body of water sitting below a mountain range.", "A boat moving along a river with tall mountains in the back.", "A cliffside town and beach with people at sunset.", "three people riding in a boat at sunset", "Adults in long boat near populated area with rocky cliffs."]
["A group of baby elephants standing next to each other.", "A elephant standing in the open lifting its trunk.", "An elephant with leaves on his head and something in his trunk. ", "An elephant moving aside tree branches to eat leaves off of the branches with it's trunk.", "A group of elephants gathered near some poles."]
["Handlers giving people rides on trained adult elephants.", "Asian elephants with Asian drivers and decoration carry riders.", "A group of elephants carry people and umbrellas", "People riding on the backs of two elephants through a  field.", "A couple of people on a road riding on elephants."]
["People are sitting under umbrellas while riding elephants. ", "two elephants standing side by side in the grass next to the trees", "Two elephants hold people and stand near a tree.", "People underneath umbrellas on top of two elephants.", "A couple of elephants with people riding on the back of them."]
["Two people riding elephants in dirty deep water", "two males wearing blue and two elephants in water", "Two people ride on elephants across a river", "a couple of elephants with guys on it", "a couple of men ride on elephants across a body of water "]
["A table with a pink umbrella is covered up with a clear plastic.", "an outside table is covered in some plastic", "An outdoor table with an umbrella, covered in plastic.", "A cart covered in a plastic bag on a side walk.", "The plants are covered to protect them from the weather."]
["An unmanned boat is in the ocean water.", "A small boat floating on top of a large body of water.", "A small boat at anchor floats atop placid water.", "A small white boat in the open water.", "an empty canoe floating on a body of water."]
["A group of people on a gondola underneath a bridge.", "A gondola boat ride on the canals of Venice. ", "The rower stands while taking passengers down the river.", "Tourists enjoy a ride through the canals in Europe.", "A group of people ride on a boat under an arc."]
["a white cat wall clock with a red handle ", "A cock has a picture of a cats face on it.", "a clock with a white cat face on it", "A clock with a white cat's face on it.", "A brown circular clock featuring a white cat."]
["A cat sitting on top of an antique record player.", "A cat is sitting on an object on a blanket near a clock.", "A cat sitting on top of a record player on a blanket.", "A cat sits atop a box on a blanket.", "A cat sitting on top of a towel."]
["A cat laying on top of a pillow on a bed.", "A cat laying on some cushions with tv in background.", "A cat that is sitting on some cushions.", "A cat laying on a cushion in a living room.", "A cat laying on some cushions in a home."]
["two baby elephants standing in the middle of a herd of elephants ", "Group of elephants in a grass land on savannah", "Group of elephants walking together in an open field together. ", "A herd of elephants walking across a grass covered field.", "A herd of elephants eat grass as cattle egrets fly overhead."]
["Someone's suitcase left outside against the wall opened up", "A bag of luggage sitting next to a brown post.", "Upper picture of a city street corner, bottom picture of the same corner with a open suitcase near the light pole.", "Two photographs of a street with a open suitcase of items.", "A suitcase full of items open in front of a wall."]
["An elephant at a zoo standing before a wire fence.", "An elephant looking straight ahead inside its pin.", "An elephant is walking toward a cable fence with its trunk ready for food.", "Young light colored elephant walking in zoo enclosure.", "An elephant is looking out through a thick rope fence."]
["Two people smile as they ride on an elephant.", "a couple wearing hats are riding an elephant", "a happy couple riding the pack of an elephant", "A man and woman ride atop an elephant", "Two people sitting on top of an elephant walking through a river."]
["A desk topped with a bag and other items.", "two pieces of luggage are a part of a display", "Suitcase near signs and coffee cup near newspaper article.", "Two gym bags are beside large suitcases near signs.", "A bag of luggage sitting on the side of a corner."]
["A couple of people on a small boat in the water.", "A group of people lounge on a raft in a body of water.", "A group of people riding on a wooden raft on a body of water.", "A black-and-white photo of a group of people on a ferry boat.", "Black and white photograph of people floating on a rectangular pontoon"]
["A man walking next to an elephant near an umbrella.", "a elephant that is looking over a wood fence", "an elephant standing next to a man surrounded by trees", "A large group of people looking at an elephant behind a fence.", "A man that is standing next to a elephant."]
["A fleet of boats beached behind of group of people fishing.", "A group of people next to their boats. ", "Group of people on the dock full of boats in the water. ", "A bunch of people near some fishing boats.", "A group of people getting ready to go fishing on boats"]
["Two antique suitcases sit stacked one on top of the other.", "Two suitcases are stacked on each other and one is black while the other is brown and yellow.", "a close up of two luggage suit cases stacked on each other", "A stack of antique luggage is displayed with price tags.", "two suitcases made of leather and stacked on top of each other"]
["A suitcase bag packed with roller skates hanging from the top and back of it.", "Pairs of roller skates are piled on top of and next to a colorful backpack.", "A piece of luggage with several pairs of skates on and around it.", "A bunch of roller skates on a multicolored bag.", "A piece of of colorful luggage sitting next to pairs of roller skates."]
["A baby elephant panting on a white canvas.", "A baby elephant is painting a picture with it's trunk. ", "An elephant is standing in the dirt drawing on an easel with its trunk.", "An elephant touching a drawing on an easel with his trunk.", "An elephant drawing a picture with it's trunk."]
["A man sitting on the back of an elephant sitting on the ground reaching for the man with its trunk.", "A young man who is sitting on top of very large elephant.", "A large gray elephant laying on top of the ground.", "A man is sitting on a squatting elephant.", "The man is sitting on top of the elephant."]
["Two baby elephants are in a fenced enclosure.", "A pair of elephants touch noses by a fence.", "The two young elephants are being friendly with each other.", "Two small elephants playing  with plants in the background.", "there are two elephants touching trunks together by some bushes"]
["A couple of baby elephants standing next to each other.", "A close up of two brown elephants and a ball.", "Two elephants are standing in the sand behind a wire.", "The elephants can't wait to finish the day.", "Do you think that these might be twin elephants?"]
["an elephant standing in a field of grass surrounded by trees", "A large elephant walking on top of a grass covered field.", "An elephant stands in a grassy jungle clearing.", "An elephant walking through a jungle with big rocks and trees.", "A picture of a elephant in the wild."]
["A woman with a polka-dotted umbrella and a grey shirt reading a pamphlet.", "A beautiful woman holding up an umbrella next to a forest.", "The woman holding an umbrella is reading from a booklet.", "A woman with an umbrella holding a paper.", "a woman reading something while standing on a road and holding an umbrella."]
["A group of people walking in the rain holding umbrellas.", "Line of pedestrians walking in the rain with umbrellas beside a river.", "People walking in the rain with big umbrellas", "A group of pedestrians huddle under their umbrellas on a rainy day.", "A group of people walking under umbrellas in front of a building."]
["A group of people that are around a elephant.", "A group of people standing and sitting around an elephant.", "a man touching the trunk of an elephant standing by the road ", "Four people are sitting and standing next to an elephant.", "A man petting an elephant while holding a boy."]
["An adult elephant and a baby elephant are walking.", "A large elephant and a small elephant are walking.", "A big elephant walks after a smaller elephant. ", "A large elephant walking behind a much smaller elephant", "An adult and a baby elephant crossing a road."]
["A woman in white blazer with black umbrella on street.", "A woman with an umbrella standing in the street.", "A young person that has an umbrella and is trying to cross the street. ", "Woman in a white jacket holding up a black umbrella. ", "A woman watches the street as many cars streak past."]
["A woman carrying a red piece of luggage next to a chair.", "A woman in a white dress holding a red suitcase.", "A woman holding a suitcase next to a chair", "A woman standing holding a red suit case", "Young woman standing and holding a large red suticase"]
["An elephant is standing next to a rock", "An elephant in dirt area standing over a fence.", "an elephant reaches over a fence with his trunk to get at some grass", "A large elephant is standing near a wire fence.", "An elephant standing near rocks inside a fenced enclosure."]
["a baby elephant walk next to some adult elephants ", "A baby elephant stands beside a pair of adult elephants.", "a baby elephant holds his trunk up while walking between large elephants", "A small elephant walks alongside its elders on the dirt", "A couple of large elephants standing next to each other."]
["A person walking down a street while holding an umbrella.", "The woman is holding the umbrella over her head.", "some people with umbrellas and some trees on a rainy day", "A person walking with an umbrella against the wind.", "People are standing outside at night with umbrellas."]
["Several people walking through an airport near luggage.", "A group of people waiting for their luggage at an airport. ", "People in a waiting area checking luggage on machine.", "There are people looking for their luggage in the airport.", "People wait for their luggage at an airport."]
["A group of people with suitcases in a room.", "a number of people with luggage bags in line ", "People are lined up at the airport waiting to check their luggage.", "A luggage and check in counter at a busy airport.", "A group of people waiting in line at an airport."]
["A couple of women standing next to each other.", "Three people are holding umbrellas in the rain.", "People standing on the street holding their umbrellas", "Three people standing with pigeons in the rain with their umbrellas up. ", "A group of people with umbrellas on a street."]
["A dog in on a surfboard on the back of a truck.", "A little dog balancing itself on a surfboard. ", "A dog is standing on a surfboard in the back of a truck.", "A small dog standing on a surf board that is turned over and secured into the back of a vehicle.", "A dog on standing on a surfboard in the back of a truck."]
[" a polar bear in the water holding a carrot", "A polar bear eating a carrot in the water", "A polar bear in the water holding a carrot", "A polar bear in water holding a carrot.", "A polar bear eating a carrot while in the water. "]
["A person in wind breaker pants holding a pillow and suit case.", "Someones legs and a pillow and suitcase ", "A person stands next to many crates of luggage", "A suitcase with a pillow on top ", "A person is flanked by luggage and a pillow."]
["A large black bear walking through a forest.", "a medium size black bear in he fores with a brown muzzle ", "A black bear stands in front of a tree in a grassy area.", "a black bear along side a road staring at the camera", "A black bear travelling in the brush next to a road."]
["The items are on the conveyor being ready to be put on the wagon.", "Airport workers putting luggage into an airplane. ", "A person loading bags of luggage onto an airplane.", "Many bags of luggage are being loaded from a flat bed.", "Two men collect baggage from a conveyor belt.  "]
["Someone about to ride a skateboard on a ramp.", "A person getting ready to ride a skateboard down a ramp.", "A skateboarder is about to go down a ramp.", "A teenagers feet on a skateboard positioned on the top of a ramp.", "A skateboarder preparing to go down a half pipe"]
["A black and white dog is catching a red frisbee.", "A dog jumping up into the air with a Frisbee.", "A dog catching a frisbee in a funny pose", "An acrobatic dog catching a frisbee mid air.", "a dog jumping funny to catch a frisbee "]
["A group of black bears together in an enclosure", "There are two black bears on a lower platform and another one on a taller platform.", "Several black bears laying down in an enclosure.", "Two bears hanging out on a lazy afternoon at the zoo", "A group of bears that are laying down on wood."]
["A black bear walks in a forest amidst brush and fallen logs.", "A black bear stands on a fallen log in a forest.", "A bear standing in the woods near trees and a log.", "A black bear is walking alone in the forest on a log.", "A bear walking on a fallen tree in the woods. "]
["A bear in the woods standing on a log.", "A bear moving though the woods between many trees.", "A bear wandering in a tree filled forest.", "A bear climbing on a log in the woods.", "A bear climbing over a fallen log in the forest."]
["A small bear holding a larger bear around the neck while standing on a rock in a river.", "a couple of bears that looks like they are hugging", "A bear hugging another bear on a rock in the river ", "Two bears that are wrestling with each other.", "Some very big furry brown bears wrestling together."]
["A dog jumping up into the air to catch a blue frisbee.", "A dog is jumping up for a blue frisbee.", "A black and white dog jumping for a Frisbee while another dog and a man are near by.", "A dog leaps to reach a frisbee in a tree.", "A dog standing on its hind legs trying to get a toy from a tree while another dog and a man watch."]
["Two polar bears walking in a snowy field.", "Two polar bears outside in a snowy area", "These two polar bears are walking in the snow.", "A polar bear and her cub stroll through the snow-covered field.", "A couple of polar bears walking through a snowy field."]
["a group of children standing in front of a cage", "A group of onlookers observes a bear behind a fence", "a girl leaning on top of a fence and looking at the camera ", "A little girl leans over a railing outside an animal pen.", "a young girl is standing on a wooden fence"]
["A large white bear walking on top of a log.", "the polar bear is walking over boulders and small logs.", "A large white bear standing on a rock.", "A polar bear walking down rocks to a log.", "a large bear that is walking on a tree stump"]
["A young man jumps to catch a Frisbee on a playing field.", "A young man leaping up to catch a frisbee.", "a male in a white shirt is playing frisbee", "A man catching a frisbee in the air while on a field.", "A man in white shirt catching a frisbee on a fie.d"]
["A man standing on a green field throwing a white frisbee.", "A man catching a Frisbee in a field.", "A young man dressed in black catching a disc.", "a oriental man playing a sports game with big muscles in his legs  ", "A man catches a frisbee in the park."]
["A dog looking up at a frisbee while standing in a field.", "A dog in a grassy area with eyes on a flying frisbee.", "a dog playing with a frisbee on mowed grass", "A dog trying to catch a frisbee in the grass. ", "Dog preparing to catch flying disc in fenced yard."]
["Two zebra standing next to each other on a lush green field.", "Two zebras are standing in a field eating grass.", "Two zebras grazing together in a grassy meadow.", "Two Zebras are trying to enjoy their feeding time. ", "The two zebras are grazing in the wild"]
["Several men running while one man running towards a frisbee. ", "A bunch of guys playing in a field with a disc.", "A beginning toss off in an ultimate frisbee game", "A man throwing the disc during a game of Ultimate Frisbee.", "A group of guys that are running and playing frisbee."]
["A player is attempting to catch a Frisbee.", "A guy sliding on the grass towards a Frisbee. ", "A frisbee player slides down on a knee to make a catch.", "A man holding a white frisbee standing in a field.", "there is a male frisbee player about to catch the frisbee"]
["A dog holding a yellow frisbee in it's mouth.", "a dog that is standing on a brick pathway with a freez bee", "A brown and white dog is holding a yellow Frisbee.", "A brown and white dog with long ears holding a yellow frisbee in it's mouth.", "a dog is holding a yellow disc in its mouth"]
["Two zebras stand in front of a large building.", "Two zebras in the yard of a stone church. ", "Two zebras in the grass behind each other in front of a big old building.", "Two zebras walk together while a mansion is nearby. ", "A pair of zebras stand together in the grass."]
["A brown dog standing next to a black dog as they fight over a frisbee.", "Two dogs playing tug of war with a Frisbee.", "A black dog and a red dog are trying to get a frisbee.", "Two dogs playing tug of war over a frisbee", "Brown and black dog pulling on a white frisbee together. "]
["A zebra standing next to a baby zebra in a field.", "two zebras in a field near tall grass", "A large zebra next to a small zebra in high brush.", "two zebras in some brown and green grass and some bushes", "a zebra and a baby zebra standing in tall grass"]
["A group of zebras that are standing in the dirt.", "Three zebras that are standing in their pen while one is watching.", "Three zebras walking in shadowy area with fence and dirt", "Three zebras on a dirt road by a couple of trees.", "Three zebra's in a fenced in area with two walking away and one facing the camera"]
["three men standing in the park while talking to each other ", "A group of three men standing around a neon frisbee.", "Several gentlemen having a conversation in a park.", "Two young men, one with a frisbee, and an older gentleman, are having a discussion in the field.", "three men stand talking, holding a Frisbee and a beer"]
["Two men playing a game of frisbee on a lush green field.", "A man is jumping and guarding in mid air while another guy is throwing the frisbee.", "A man jumping in the air trying to block another guy from throwing a frisbee.", "A man in black is blocking the flying disc toss of a man in white", "Man leaping into the air while another man holds a frisbee in his hand."]
["A group of people playing a game of soccer on top of a field.", "some soccer players are playing soccer on a field", "Two opposing players are running down the field for a ball.", "some people running on a field playing soccer", "Two teams in uniforms playing soccer in a field."]
["A group of men standing on top of a grass covered field.", "a man in a red shirt getting ready to throw a frisbee ", "Four people playing frisbee on a soccer field.", "a group of boys running on a grassy field playing freesby", "Some guys playing frisbee on a soccer field."]
["The woman is jumping in the air to catch the frisbee.", "The player is reaching far for the frisbee,", "A woman that is standing in the grass with a frisbee.", "A woman catching a frisbee on an indoor field.", "A girl playing Frisbee inside of an en enclosed building."]
["A young boy standing next to a green frisbee.", "a young boy in a gray sweater throwing a green Frisbee in a park", "a llittle boy in a sweater is throwing a frisbee", "A young boy throwing a frisbee in a yard.", "A young bow throws a Frisbee behind him"]
["A young boy throwing a frisbee in a grassy field", "a young boy in the park throwing a frisbee", "A young boy throws a frisbee in a tree lined park.", "A kid in a city park throws a bright green Frisbee. ", "A boy throwing a green frisbee in a grass field."]
["A dog holding a white frisbee in it's mouth.", "A dog laying in the leaves with a frisbee in its mouth.", "a dog laying in the leaves holding a frisby in its mouth", "A black dog is in a pile of dry leaves and holding a frisbee in his mouth.", "A dog sitting in the leaves with a frisbee in it's mouth."]
["Six teens playing frisbee in a field of grass", "A group of people outside playing frisbee in a field.", "A group of people on a field playing with a frisbee.", "A group of people playing a game of Frisbee.", "A group of young people playing a game of frisbee."]
["People are on grass playing some sort of game.", "A group of men playing a game of frisbee.", "A group of people in a grass field.", "A person who has just thrown a Frisbee to some other people.", "A man throwing a frisbee on a field with others playing."]
["Two men are playing frisbee with one man on the offense and another guarding.", "two men outside at a park playing Frisbee golf", "Two men playing frisbee in a field of grass.", "a man is grabbing at another man who is in the midst of throwing a frisbee", "Two young men playing a game of frisbee."]
["A woman that is in the air with a frisbee.", "A woman wearing a jersey dives for a Frisbee.", "A woman lunging towards the ground while holding a frisbee.", "athletic female catching a white Frisbee in a park near birds", "A very athletic woman diving to catch a frisbee"]
["Two zebras are pictured in a grass-less area.", "Two zebras rub against each other standing in the dirt.", "two zebras cuddle up in a desert field.", "Two zebras are standing in the road near a grassy field.", "A couple of zebra's being affectionate with each other."]
["Two men playing Frisbee in a grassy area.", "A man in a blue shirt holding a white frisbee.", "A blurry photo of a man catching a frisbee\n", "A person jumping in the air, catching a Frisbee and another person chasing him.", "A man who is jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee. "]
["A brown dog carrying a black frisbee in its mouth", "A cute baby dog is carrying a Frisbee in its mouth. ", "a cute little dog holding onto a firsbee", "A golden retriever is carrying a frisbee in his mouth. ", "A dog that is holding a Frisbee in its mouth."]
["Two zebras are seen running on a path together.", "A zebra is running across a dirt road.", "Two zebras are on a dirt road near some dried up grasses.", "Two zebra crossing a road in opposite directions.", "The zebras are walking over the dirt road."]
["A group of young women playing a game of frisbee.", "Two women play frisbee on a sports field.", "People are in a field playing with a frisbee.", "Two woman playing with a frisbee in a field.", "A woman passes a frisbee to another woman on a large grass field. "]
["The man jumps high in the air to catch the Frisbee.", "Two older men are playing with a Frisbee at the park.", "This is a great image show of people having fun.\n", "A man jumping in the air to catch a frisbee.", "A man leaping in the air to catch a Frisbee."]
["Three people are playing a game of Frisbee.", "Three people play a game with a Frisbee in a grassy area.", "Friends playing with a Frisbee in a green field", "Woman in red shorts reaching out for white frisbee. ", "Some people on a grassy field playing Frisbee."]
["A man holds a plate and walks through tall grass with his friend. ", "A man smiles while holding a Frisbee near another man who walks away.", "Two bearded guys walking in a field one holding a frisbee.", "A couple of men walking across a field together.", "Adult men in field of tall grasses with flying disc."]
["A man throwing a frisbee in a dry grass covered forest", "A man throwing a frisbee across a dry field", "A man running in a field with a frisbee.", "A man in the woods throwing a frisbee", "A man throws a frisbee in a clearing."]
["A herb of wild zebra feed on grass", "Group of zebras standing in the middle of a field", "A group of zebras graze among the trees.", "herd of five zebras grazing in a field", "A heard of zebras grazing in the wild"]
["an gray and white horse at the beach", "An animal eating from the ground near a beach.", "A brown and white horse grazing on lush green grass.", "A horse with its head down eating grass.", "A gray and white horse eating grass on a beach."]
["a zebra waking through the herd across grass", "Wild animals in open grassy field on sunny day.", "A group of zebras are walking together on the grass.", "The zebra is looking for the tastiest grass.", "A group of zebras walking in a grassy field"]
["An adult zebra and a younger zebra in Savannah ", "The two zebra stand next to each other in the wilderness.", "A couple of animals that are in the grass.", "A couple of zebras standing int he middle of a field", "A baby giraffe standing next to an adult giraffe."]
["A couple of brown horses standing on top of a dirt hill.", "Two horses perched on top of a barren hill with mountains in the background. ", "Two horses are grazing on the rolling hills", "Two horses in a dirt and grass area with snow in the background.", "Two ponies together standing on a mountainous terrain."]
["A horse is standing next to a metal box.", "A horse is tied to a post near some rig trailers.", "A horse that is tied to some kind of post.", "Horse tied to post while looking directly into camera.", "A white and brown horse tied to a post"]
["A horse feeding in the middle of the grass.", "A horse that is eating some grass in a field.", "A donkey and some other animals peacefuly graze in a field", "a couple of horses are standing in a field", "Two horses, one with a pink mane, graze in a grassy field."]
["A woman standing over a pile of vegetables under hanging banana.", "A woman is selecting vegetables in a market.", "the woman is picking out product at the store.", "People in a market shopping for fresh produce.", "A person and some bananas near some bushes."]
["A baseball player wearing a catchers mitt in front of a Bud Light advertisement.", "A baseball players looks in the sky and raises his right leg.", "A baseball player is wearing a hoodie and he is throwing the ball.", "A man with a baseball glove on a baseball field looking up.", "A man having just thrown a baseball and a bud light advertisement in the background."]
["A skier travelling down a snowy slope surrounded by mountains", "A snowboarder riding a snow covered slop on a snowboard.", "A mountain with a ski slope and two skiers.", "A snow boarder is at the top of a mountain on the snow.", "a person riding a snow board on a snowy slope"]
["Inviting looking chairs made from old snow skis.", "A wooden chair made out of old skies. ", "a wooden chair made out of assorted skis", "Two chairs and a small side table made out of ski pieces sit in front of some brush in front of a building", "Two lawn chairs and a table made out of skis."]
["A group of skiers on a snow covered hill.", "A group of people skiing on a snow covered summit.", "a group of people riding skis on a snow covered hill", "A bunch of people cross country skiing on a large area of white snow.", "A group of people skiing on the snowy mountain side."]
["A white plate topped with different types of fruits and vegetables.", "A healthy pile of fresh cut vegetables and fruit.", "Various food on a cutting board that includes apples, broccoli and strawberries.", "A cutting board with chopped bananas, broccoli, strawberries, lime, and oranges", "A plate is filled with broccoli, apples, strawberries, bananas, and oranges."]
["A child with a red helmet is playing softball.", "A child waits for his ball to be pitched.", "The player waits for the pitch to swing the bat.", "A child that is up to bat during a baseball game.", "A child getting ready to swing at a ball."]
["A man talking on a phone while holding ski poles.", "A man on a pair of skis in the snow while on a cell phone.", "A man talking on a cell phone while in ski gear. ", "A man cross country skiing down a residential street speaks on a cell phone.", "A man on skis talks on a cell phone outside."]
["A man riding skis across a snow covered ground.", "A man on skies in a snowy field.", "Cross-country skiing in what looks to be a frozen landscape.", "A lone man cross country skiing in a desolate landscape. ", "a man skiis across a field in the snow"]
["A man riding skis across snow covered ground.", "A cross country skier is walking across a plain", "Person in blue hooded coat cross country skiing away from camera.", "A person cross country skiing across a very flat barren field.", "A single person cross country skiing across a flat field."]
["There are people on the snow bank and snow lift chairs are above", "A person skiing down a mountain, with a chair lift above them.", "skiers and snowboarders move down a snowy mountain has ski lift chairs move above them", "A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "People skiing down a slope under the ski lift."]
["The scene is three large racks of skis on a mountain.", "Skis stacked up on racks at the top of a mountain", "a bunch of snow board and skis sit next to each other on some snow", "A pile of skis sitting on top of a snow covered slope.", "Large racks of skis sitting on top of a ski slope. "]
["A person riding skis along a snow covered road.", "Man on skiis moving through tree archway in snow", "A person is skiing on a flat surface.", "Skier in a green jacket riding down a trail alone. ", "A man skiing on a snow path in between trees."]
["A man in blue and white shirt on street next to bunches of bananas.", "Some very lush looking banana trees with bunches of green bananas.", "Man with several bunches of fruit in large outdoor setting.", "A man is hauling bananas to the side of the street.", "Men unload a truck full of bananas outside."]
["A group of people riding skis and snowboards in the snow.", "A close up of people on their snowboards and skies. ", "A snowboarder is standing next to several skiers in the snow.", "The feet of a snowboarder and several snow skiers ", "Three sets of skis standing in front of a snowboard."]
["a group of people standing in the snow and holding skis", "This mountain has many people ready for skiing.", "People at a ski resort preparing to ski or watching skiers.", "Humans are doing something right now that is full.\n", "a number of people riding skis on a snowy surface"]
["A view of a mountainside with skiiers and snowboarders.", "Some people in the snow on a big steep hill.", "a large snowy area outside with many trees and people skiing", "A shot of a couple of people in the snow skiing. ", "A ski slope with lots of people on it."]
["Two young children playing baseball on a dirt mound.", "A young boy throwing a baseball with another boy looking on.", "Two young children are on a baseball field.", "Two young children on a baseball field with gloves.", "Two children playing baseball in red uniforms and hats."]
["an orange tree with fresh fruit growing from it", "A thing leafy green tree branch with many oranges.", "Some ripe oranges are hanging from a tree.", "A tree that is growing oranges on it.", "a number of oranges in a tree on branches near leaves"]
["The skier is going down the snow covered hill. ", "A skier wearing a helmet comes down a hill.", "A skier in the snow skiing by the trees.  ", "A skier maneuvers around trees on a snowy mountain top", "The skier is coming down the snowy mountain."]
["Two artic skiers dressed in orange gear, snow ski across a frozen plain.", "A captioned photo of cross-country skiers against a large flat surface of snow.", "this is a man ridinbg down a hill on skis", "some people in skis are standing in the snow", "A couple of people with ski poles and winter clothes, walking over snow."]
["A group of people in ski wear and skis standing in the snow next to each other.", "A group of friends poses on a ski slope.", "six people on skis smile at the camera", "A group of skiers outside of a lodge.", "A group of people standing next to each other while wearing ski equipment."]
["A man playing baseball on a field of some sort.", "A man in business pants and shoes pitching a baseball on a pitchers mound.", "Man throwing a base ball from the mound", "A left handed man throwing a pitch from a baseball mound.", "a man on a pitchers mound starts to throw a pitch "]
["A skiier skis down a slope covered in ski tracks.", "A guy on skis going down a snow covered hill between trees.", "a person on skies is coming down a hill", "There is a person skiing down a snowy slope.", "This man is skiing down a snowy slope"]
["A man stands on skis on a snowy hill.", "Someone wearing skis that is skiing in the snow", "A person on skis goes down a snowy pass.", "A man in a green snow suit skiing.", "A young person skiing on a snow trail."]
["Three people walking down a snowy slope. ", "A group of people snowshoeing through a snowy trail.", "Three people walk through the very snowy landscape.", "Three people are walking through the snow wearing snow shoes. ", "Three people are wearing snow shoes traveling down a snowy hill. "]
["A start of an outdoor winter sport taking place.\n", "A large bunch of skiers together in the snow.", "A group of people on skis stand at a start line.", "A group of skiers are lined up to start the competition.", "They look like they are beginning a ski race in the snow."]
["a person on skis with ski poles skis in snow", "A female skier is seen sking between trees  ", "A person on skis rides under a tree.", "A woman skiing up a slight slope in a wooded area.", "A female cross country skier navigates a forest trail"]
["Two people are walking up a snow covered hill.", "A very snowy day at the ski range; a couple of skiers trudge back up the hill.", "Two people out in the snow doing cross country skiing.", "Two skiers are walking in the snow on a cloudy day.", "Two skiers trekking through the snow on an overcast day"]
["A part of a peeled orange right next to the whole orange", "The middle peeling of an orange next to the orange it came from.", "The rind from an orange is peeled off and set standing up to curl.", "an orange being piled up on a table", "An orange with a curling section of peel removed."]
["A man is enjoying a day snow skiing. ", "a male standing on a board inthe water hanging by one arm to a rope line", "A water skier holds on to his rope with just one hand.", "A guy on a water ski doing a turn.", "A man water skiis in a body of water. "]
["a small boats in a body of water ", "a large starcraft boat, on a lake, with a flag that reads \"ski life\" on it.", "A person sitting on top of a white and purple boat in water.", "A boat going in the water by a campground with a passenger showing the thumbs up", "Driver of boat in water gives thumbs up."]
[" man riding on water skis being towed behind a boat.", "A man being pulled on skis by a boat in the water.", "A person stands on water skis in the water.", "Water sprays from the waterski as the skier turns.", "A guy on skis is being pulled by a boat full of people. "]
["A child on skis is skiing on the snow. ", "A cross country ski racer in a blue suit with the number 1.", "I am unable to see the image above.", "A man in blue skiing down a snow covered mountain.", "A skier in blue comes to a stop at the bottom of a run."]
["A note written on a banana reagarding a story.", "A banana with writing on it on top of a script.", "A banana with words written on it sitting on a table beside a notebook. ", "A banana with hand writing on it that says \"it was really very good \" ", "A banana with \"it was really very good\" written on it lays atop a manuscript on a table."]
["A sign picture of a baseball player holding a bat.", "a baseball player with a bat and some fans", "A baseball player with a cubs uniform holding a baseball bat and at bat.", "A baseball player is getting ready to hit a baseball.", "Autograph picture of a baseball player holding a bat. "]
["A man playing a baseball game on the field playing a game ", "a man is holding a bat at a baseball game", "A baseball player is swinging his bat on home base. ", "A baseball player getting ready to swing at a pitch.", "A baseball player is holding a baseball bat, preparing to swing."]
["two people behind a stand with many bananas", "A man inspects a bundle of bananas as a woman stands close.", "A man and a woman standing behind a fruitstand of bananas at a chinese shop", "the man is holding on to a bunch of bananas", "The man is holding up and inspecting a bunch of bananas. "]
["A ski slope consisting of several people wearing skis and snowboards.", "People lining up to catch a ride on the ski lift", "a large crowd of people with skis and ski poles", "Group of people out in the snow on skis and snowboards", "A group of people on skis next to a building."]
["A guy on skis with another skier farther behind him.", "A skier is going uphill on a cloudy day.", "A man posing on his skis in the snow.", "A young man with some skis and poles about to start a run.", "Someone skiing in the snow on their skis. "]
["Two people on skies in the snow ", "Two skiers pose on a snowy mountain top.", "Two people with helmets on standing on skis in the snow.", "A couple of people riding skis on a snow covered slope.", "Two people are skiing behind a fence. "]
["A group of four people riding skis on top of  a snow covered slope.", "Four skiers are posing in a snowy field.", "a bunch of people on skis stand on a snow hill ", "Group of four Scears standing close to each other overlooking the mountain. ", "Four people pose for picture while wearing skis"]
["A group of friends standing next to each other while wearing ski equipment.", "Three people on skis standing in the snow.", "A group of three skiers pose at the bottom of a snowy slope.", "Three young people on skis looking in one direction on the ski slopes.", "A group of skiers are standing at the bottom of a slope."]
["two people riding skis on a snowy surface ", "Two men who are standing on skis in the snow", "Two people are posing on snow with skis.", "Two skiers smile as they stand on top of a mountain.", "Two people standing at top of a ski slope with skis on."]
["A tree filled with lots of unripe bananas.", "On a clear day, a view of a flower in the midst of dying. ", "A bunch of bananas are still on the tree.", "There is a bunch of bananas left on that tree. ", "View of bananas freshly growing on the banana tree"]
["A group of people standing on top of a snow covered ski slope.", "A man and a woman standing with some skis for a photo. ", "Two people with skis pose for a photograph in snow in front of the Olympic logo.", "At the Olympics, a couple poses with skis by the sign.", "a couple with skis standing in front of an Olympics sign"]
["Skier with skiis and poles posing for picture.", "The skier is posed at the top of the slope.", "A woman with a backpack that is skiing.", "A man riding skis while holding two ski poles.", "a woman standing in the snow while wearing some skiis and goggles "]
["The man is holding a banana beside the fence", "A person is holding a banana in front of a fence.", "A man holding a peeled banana in his hand.", "A man in a jacket holding a banana.", "a man in a pea coat holding a banana "]
["A man throwing a baseball at a baseball game", "A baseball player throwing a ball onto the field", "A baseball player pitching a ball on a baseball field.", "a man throwing a baseball on the field", "A man in blue jersey throwing a baseball."]
["several people skiing on a snow hill near evergreen trees", "a group of people riding skis on a snowy surface", "A lone skier waiting patiently by a pole for their friend.", "Several people skiing on a snowy slope near trees.", "snow skiers going up and down the same hill"]
["a woman skiing down a ski slope in the slope", "A skier wears a black shirt and white leggings.", "A woman wearing a racing bib, cross country skiing.", "A woman is skiing down the snowy slope of the mountain. ", "A woman is cross country skiing in a forest."]
["Cross country skiers on snow covered course during race.", "The cross country skiers are engaging in a race.", "A group of people wearing ski's that are in the snow.", "Skiers make their way down the trail through some trees.  ", "A line of skiers race along a snow-covered path."]
["A man riding on a wave runner in the ocean.", "a person riding a jet ski in a body of water ", "A man that is standing on a jet ski.", "A man is jet skiing in the ocean. ", "A person is riding a jet ski in the water."]
["A plant of some sort on a bush", "A broccoli type vegetable is shown close up.", "a stalk of broccoli  that looks like its covered with mold", "A broccoli floret surrounded by lots of green leaves.", "a plant with some frost on it sits on a tree "]
["A close up of an apple next to a knife", "Close-up image of a red apple and a black knife handle.", "A red, shiny apple rests beside a knife on a cutting board.", "The knife handle nestles perfectly into the shape of the apple", "A red apple sitting next to a knife with a black handle."]
["A group of people standing on top of a snow covered slope.", "Three people standing close together on skis .", "There are three skiers on top of a mountain together", "The three friends are posing for a picture while skiing. ", "a group of friends sitting on a mountain posing for a picture "]
["A man holding a skateboard in front of a sun setting.", "A man holding a skateboard at sunset ", "a person standing holding a skate board ", "THERE IS APERSON HOLDING A SKATE BOARD AT SUN SET\n", "A man holding a skateboard in a park at sunset."]
["A man riding a skateboard outside of a building.", "A guy on a skate board by a blue building.", "A man in jeans is on a skateboard ", "A man that is standing on a skateboard.", "a male in a black shirt on a skateboard"]
["A man goes skiing at a park with all his ski gear on. ", "This is a guy skiing down hill and it looks like he's in a race because he's wearing a number on his chest.", "A skiier is on a street in shallow snow.", "Adult male skier with numbered bib on snowy slope with trees.", "A man riding skis down a snow covered slope."]
["Young man on skateboard passing a man in a black shirt.", "A man walking down a street next to a young man.", "Two boys moving along outside during the day.  One of them has a skateboard.", "A man is in a group of people on a skateboard.", "A boy rides a skateboard next to men walking down a street."]
["A line of people in ski gear prepare to ski.", "A group of children and adults in skis are standing on a snowy hill.", "The group of people are standing while wearing skis and ski poles. ", "A group of people in gear standing in the snow.", "a group of people lined up  in the snow standing on some skis"]
["A person squatted on skis in the snow.", "a man on skies goes down a snowy slope", "A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A person in a ski suit is on skis racing down a hill.", "A person on skis going down a hill on a slope."]
["A person on some skis in the snow.", "a person skiing down part of a marked race course ", "there is a skier that is coming around the turn ", "This is a skier doing tricks on some ice.", "A ski racer skiing through a course marked by poles."]
["A person riding skis across a snow covered forest.", "A skier is going cross country through the woods.", "A skier in the snow heading into a wooded area.", "A woman cross country skiing in the woods.", "A snowy woodland with a person on skis exploring it"]
["Several people on skateboards riding between cones on the pavement.", "a group of men on skate board ride between some cones ", "Young men riding skate boards along a marked path on the pavement.", "Several people standing in a large open area full of small cones.", "A group of people who are standing on skateboards."]
["A man in red jacket skiing in between trees.", "A person in the snow on some skis.", "A cross country skier propels herself across the snow.", "A man riding some skis through a snowy trail.", "A young man cross country skiing on fresh snow."]
["A group of people standing next to each other on snow.", "A group of skiers are posing for a group photo.", "A group of people stand on skis on a snowy day.", "Seven young skiers posing on a snowy ski slope.", "A group of young skiers pose in a line on a snowy slope. "]
["A woman skiing with a small child across snow.", "Adult and child on skis in a teaching moment.", "A man and a small child walk through snow wearing skis.", "An adult skier holds the hand of a child skier in the snow. ", "two skiers one adult and the other a child"]
["A little boy riding a skateboard across a cement area.", "A boy is riding on a skateboard on a street.", "A boy riding a skateboard on the pavement.", "A small boy on a skateboard on the road.", "A young boy standing on a skateboard on a sunny day."]
["A person walking through the snow near a fence.", "A person cross country skiing on a path.", "A person riding skis across a snow covered road.", "A cross country skier travels a worn snow path.", "A man cross country skiing in the country."]
["The man is skiing alone on the snow", "a man in yellow is skiing in the snow", "A man riding skis across a snow covered ground.", "There is a man skiing in the snow.", "A cross-country skier follows a track with the sun to his right."]
["A miniature telephone on a table with a raw broccoli tree", "A piece of broccoli with a small table next to it", "Piece of broccoli sitting next to a small miniature table with a phone on it. ", "large broccoli stalk talking on corded telephone on phone table", "A broccoli sprout with a toy phone up to its non-existent ear"]
["a piece of broccoli laying on a couch", "A piece of broccoli sitting on top of a couch.", "A piece of broccoli positioned as if laying on a couch.", "A broccoli stalk displayed on a bed with human accessories. ", "A giant broccoli lying on a chaise lounge."]
["A close up of a plate of food containing broccoli.", "a white plate with cheese broccoli and chicken", "a white plate with broccoli florets and cheese", "A plate topped with cheese covered broccoli and other items.", "A white plate of cheese coated broccoli and ribs. "]
["You can mash food together so that no one will know what it is.", "A bowl is filled with an oriental-type of salad.", "A mortar and pestal filled with a variety of ingredients", "some food is mixed inside of a blue bowl", "A stick pressing a salad in a bowl."]
["a split screen image of two cats playing together", "Two cats sleeping on top of a blanket while cuddling each other.", "Three photos of a cat nuzzling another cat.", "An image of three different cat pictures, but with the same cats.", "Slideshow pictures of two cats playing and cuddling."]
["MAN STANDING NEAR TABLE WITH A BASKET OF APPLES", "a man standing next to a table with apples and paperwork", "A man wearing glasses standing next to a basket filled with apples on a table.", "A man standing by a table with apples on it.", "A man standing near a table with apples on it"]
["A man in a parking lot doing a trick on a skateboard.", "A person is on a skateboard in a parking lot with cars.", "A man doing a skateboard trick in a parking lot.", "Black and white photograph of a man with a skateboard.", "A person in a parking lot, flipping his skateboard up."]
["The dog is thinking about eating the sandwich.", "A dog staring at a piece of food on a plate.", "A dog begging for a sandich on plate", "A dog stares down a sandwich on a tray.", "The dog is being handed a sandwich on a plate"]
["A young girl sitting on top of a skateboard.", "A little girl that is sitting down on a skateboard.", "A toddler sits on a skateboard in an open grass field", "A little girl sitting on a skateboard in the grass. ", "a kid is sitting on a skateboard outside"]
["A footlong sandwich on a piece of paper next to a serrated knife.", "A foot long sandwich is on a piece of paper.", "The sub from Subway is ready to be cut and eaten", "A footlong Subway sandwich with lettuce and tomatoes.", "A large sandwich on some paper by a knife."]
["a boy doing a trick on a rail with his skate board ", "A person jumping in the air with a skateboard.", "A man is doing a skateboarding trick on a rail. ", "A man jumps down stairs while attempting a skate trick with many people in the background watching.", "A man in black shirt doing a trick on skateboard."]
["A skateboarder is doing stunts on a park bench. ", "A person on a skateboard doing a trick over a bench.", "A skateboarder zips along the bench at the park.", "A skateboarder doing a trick on a bench.", "A boy doing tricks on a park bench with a skate board. "]
["A boy is high in the air holding onto his board.", "A teen boy doing a trick in a skate board park.", "A partial shot of a person doing skateboard tricks", "a person jumping a skate board in the air", "A man riding a skate board on top of a table."]
[" A young man riding a skateboard in a car garage.", "A skateboarder is about to attempt a trick. ", "The man is skateboarding inside a parking structure.", "A boy doing a trick on a skateboard in a parking lot.", "A young male riding his skate board in a parking garage."]
["The skateboarder is trying his trick in the garage.", "a young kid performs a trick on a skate board", "A man skating on a car parking bay in a building", "A skateboarder jumps on his board while trying a trick.", "A man performing a jump on a skate board in a parking structure. "]
["A person walking and holding onto a skateboard.", "A young man carrying a skateboard across a patio.", "A young man holds his skateboard while in a courtyard that is next to a large rock building.", "A young man holding a skate board in front of a brick building.", "A man holding a skateboard next to a house."]
["A young person riding a skateboard down the street", "A young man riding a skateboard down a street.", "A youngster rides his skateboard on a lazy day", "a person skateboarding down the steet as others sit underneath a tree", "A person skateboarding in the street with some people looking on."]
["A man riding a skateboard, on the road.", "A boy wearing a colorful t-shirt is riding his skateboard.", "a boy is riding a skateboard down the sidewalk", "A boy wearing a blue tie-dye t-shirt and sunglasses riding a skate board.  ", "a person that is skateboarding down a sidewalk"]
["A group of young men riding skateboards holding a sports drink.", "Young men playing on skateboards with a crowd watching.", "Several men on skateboards skating in a skate park.", "Multiple people on skateboards in an urban setting.", "Two men in a skate back and one is hold a vietinm water."]
["A skier is turning a corner while going downhill.", "an adult male skiing down a snowy mountain near trees", "A guy on skis sliding to the side in the snow.", "a male snow skier in a white jacket is skiing", "he'll be coming down the mountain on his skis "]
["A top of a ski resort and lift with people going down the hill.", "The skiers are descending a snowy hill near a ski lift.", "Two skiers are moving near a ski lift.", "A couple men riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "Two people preparing to begin a skiing match down a hill side."]
["A skateboarder with white converse sneakers has a long shadow.", "feet standing on a skating board on a dry ground", "A person in canvas shoes standing on a skateboard.", "A person riding a skateboard across asphalt in white shoes.", "This is a photo of someone standing on your skating board."]
["A baby feeding cake to a man with a fork.", "Baby in a high chair with a birthday cake feeds Dad", "A baby is putting a spoon in a man's mouth.", "Baby girl feeding her father some pink and white birthday cake.", "Baby at her first birthday party feeding dad cake."]
["Two young boys sitting and eating very large carrots.", "Two young boys eating carrots on a couch.", "Two young boys sit on a couch as they eat carrots.", "Two young boys eating raw carrots in a room.", "Boys eating large carrots in a play room."]
["Two young boys eating carrots while sitting on a bed.", "Two young boys gnaw on large orange carrots.", "Two little boys sitting on a bed with carrots in their mouths.", "The two boys are eating large carrots while sitting on a blanket.", "Two young boys are eating large carrots in a room."]
["Two young boys eating enjoy snacking on big orange carrots.", "Two young boys eating carrots in a room.", "Two young children eating carrots on their bed", "Two young boys both eating large whole carrots.", "These are two kids on a bed eating enormous carrots."]
["A group of people standing on top of a snow covered slope.", "Three people hugging and posing for a picture while skiing. ", "The three people are posing for a picture before skiing. ", "Three people are posing on skis in snow.", "Three friends are posed on the ski slope."]
["A group of people riding skis in the snow next to a ski lodge.", "There is a group of skiers standing at the top of a slope", "People on skis gather near the ski lift.", "A group of people standing by a ski lift", "There are people skiing at the ski lodge on the mountain "]
["A boy in black jacket jumping a ramp on a skateboard.", "Skateboarder in motion at skate board track. ", "A skateboarder doing a trick on a ramp", "A young boy grinds a rail with his skateboard.", "A boy is tilting his skateboard up at the top of a skateboard ramp."]
["a boy skating very high on the walking steps", "A man riding a skateboard on top of a metal rail.", "A boy doing a skateboard stunt on a rail ", "a kid playing a on a ramp and and handrail ", "A kid is playing around at a skateboard"]
["A little boy is on a state board on the cement.", "A young skateboarder  in action on a paved  area.", "A young child in a helmet skateboarding on the pavement.", "A young boy with a helmet on practicing on a skateboard", "A little kid wearing a helmet pushing himself on a skateboard."]
["Snow skiers at the base of the mountain slope.", "A man uses his cell phone while standing on a snow covered mountain.", "A skier near the ski lodge looking at his cell phone", "A man is checking his cell phone while snowboarding. ", "A man stand in front of a mountain looking at a cell phone"]
["A young person is doing a skateboard trick.", "A guy jumping and flipping a skateboard in the air.", "A man with a skateboard that is in the air.", "A person is high in the air on a skateboard.", "a guy doing a trick on his skateboard."]
["A hot dog in a wrapper is smeared with yellow mustard.", "a close up of a person holding a hot dog ", "A close-up of a hot dog with mustard.", "A hot dog on a bun with an abundance of yellow mustard.", "A hotdog in white paper slathered in mustard"]
["A boy in black shirt doing a trick on a skateboard.", "A young skateboarder performs a trick on a ramp in a field", "A boy is riding a skateboard on the grass.", "The boy rides his skateboard on the edge of the platform.", "a skateboarder wearing a white and black shirt doing a trick"]
["A woman that is sitting down with a hotdog.", "The young woman is licking the long hotdog. ", "A woman is licking a hot dog with mustard and ketchup", "Blonde woman holding a large hotdog up to her face. ", "A person that is eating a very large hot dog. "]
["A person holding a snowboard standing on a snow covered slope.", "A male snowboarder poses with his board in the snow.", "A grinning man stands outside in the snow with a snowboard.", "A smiling person holding a snowboard standing on a snow covered hill.", "A man holding a snowboard while bending in the snow."]
["A person who is standing on a snowboard.", "A man in a black snow coat is standing on a snowboard. ", "this man is riding down a hill on a board", "a young snowboarder having fun snowboarding through the snow ", "A couple of men riding down a snow covered ski slope."]
["a man holding a blue snow board in his hand on the snowy mountain ", "A person holding a snow board in the mountains.", "A well prepared snowboarder poses for a picture.", "a person in a black jacket is holding a blue snowboard", "A person stands in the snow holding a snowboard."]
["the young man is set to snowboard at this skiing location. ", "Snowboarding elderly man on side of mountain posing for picture.", "A person is holding a snowboard on a pile of snow.", "a man holding a snow board standing on a snowy hill", "A man wearing a helmet holds a snowboard in the snow."]
["A man and woman standing on top of a snow covered slope.", "Two snowboarders with their snowboards standing in the snow.", "two people standing near one another holding skis", "Numerous individuals are appreciating life and having an incredible minute. \n", "Two snowboarders posing for a picture in the snow."]
["A woman holding a snow board in one hand and her other arm in the air. ", "A woman with a snowboard in the snow.", "A woman is celebrating her win while she holds her snowboard.", "A woman is holding on to a white snowboard.", "A woman is standing outside in the snow holding a snowboard."]
["A cake made to look like a hot dog and a ketchup bottle.", "a hot dog with mustard and ketchup and a bottle ", "A toy hot dog and ketchup bottle on a table.", "The hot dog cake has been decorated to look real. ", "A cake made to look like a hot dog sandwich."]
["a close up of a table with many plates of food", "A table topped with hot dogs and fries.", "A table with servings of food on it including Hot Dogs and French Fries.", "People sit around a table full of hot dogs and fries.", "A table of food that includes hotdogs and fries."]
["A hot dog covered in ketchup, mustard, chili and french fries.", "a close up of a hot dog in front of a car", "A hot dog topped in mustard, chili and fries.", "A hot dog with fries, chili ketchup and mustard", "A napkin holds a bun with crispy fries mustard and ketchup.  "]
["Many sausages or hot dogs cooking on a grill.", "A man standing in front of a BBQ with lots of sausages on it.", "a close up of a person cooking hot dogs on a grill", "A row of hotdogs on a grill and a pair of tongs.", "A cook turning a bunch of cooking, large hot dogs."]
["Hot dogs and hamburgers being cooked on a gas grill.", "Hotdogs and ham burgers coking on a grill on a porch.", "The grillmaster is cooking all kinds of meat.", "for a celebration, this family prepaeres tons of food on the grill", "a grill with some hot dogs and meat on it "]
["A man cooking hot dogs and hamburgers on a grill.", "A man cooking hot dogs and hamburger on a grill.", "A gentleman placing hotdogs and hamburgers on a grill.", "The man is putting food onto the grill.", "Man in blue shirt and white visor cooking on a grill. "]
["three plates on a metal tier with pastries on it ", "Three plates with different type of foods on each.", "A couple of plates filled with desserts and pastry.", "a close up of pastries on a multi layer dish", "A three-tier plate rack holds tea sandwiches and hors d'oeuvres."]
["Skiers on a slope with the ski lift in the background.", "People on a snow covered hill doing various activities.", "A man riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.", "Snow clad mountains where people are skating on skating boards. ", "A peson in black jacket snowboarding on a slope."]
["A man eating a hot dog covered in ketchup and mustard.", "a man that is holding up a hot dog in his hand", "There is a man with a hot dog in his hand.", "a man pretending to eat a long hot dog ", "a man is biting into a hotdog outside"]
["A red tray topped with three chili cheese and bacon covered hot dogs.", "A tray with three loaded hot dogs and beverages.", "A tray with three hot dogs loaded with toppings sitting on a table with a couple of soda cans.", "A tray of three chili cheese dogs with diet coke.", "Three chili hotdogs and two diet Cokes on a table."]
["Group of snowboarders on top of a mountain with trees on it. ", "Skiers and snowboarders preparing to leave a hill.", "A group of people riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "People on snowboards are talking on a snowy hill.", "Several snow skiers are at the top of a mountain."]
["A skier leaping into the air as an onlooker watches.", "A skier has just taken a jump on a slope", "The man watched the skier jumped the ramp.", "a person in a red hoodie skiing down a slope", "A man stands on a snow covered mountain watching a skier become airborn."]
["A man pictured with a hotdog in his hands with people passing by. ", "A man holding a hot dog in his hand.", "A hand pointing to a half eaten hotdog with various condiments.", "A person is pointing to a sandwich they are holding.", "A person holding a partially eaten sandwich and pointing to it with their other hand."]
["A bucket filled with two fruit filled donuts and a cup of custard.", "A few donuts on a plate with some yellow stung on the side", "The donuts are served in a bowl with a dip on the side.", "Two donuts and a dipping sauce in a metal tin.", "Only an idiot would put mustard on a pair of sugar frosted donuts."]
["A man holding a snowboard standing at the bottom of steps.", "A man holding a snowboard and standing at the bottom of a staircase.", "Two men standing at the bottom of a set of stairs", "A young man is holding his snowboard at the bottom of stairs.", "A male snowboarder poses with his board at the bottom of the stairs of a resort."]
["A dining table with a pasta dish and pizza in a restaurant.", "A pizza, some garlic bread, and a pasta dish are sitting on a table at a cafe.", "A meal of pasta, meat and pizza is on a table.", "A plate of noddles, a pizza and garlic bread on a table in a restuarant.", "There is a plate of food and a pizza on a table."]
["A man standing in front of a plate of food with a glass of wine.", "The image shows an entertainment cubby in the background, and to the foreground, a low table with wine, glassware, plates of half-eaten food, and, to one side, a person's torso, legs and arms, the latter of which is reaching over a plate of food.    ", "A table tat is set for dinner with two plates and wine glasses", "A dining table with two plates of food, glasses, and a bottle of wine.", "the dinner table with two plates and two glasses of wine"]
["A snowboarder with his snowboard attached to his feet sitting on a slope.", "A man sitting on a slop with his feet connected to a snow board.", "A man sits on the snow with a snowboard.", "A snowboarder is sitting in the white snow.", "A snowboarder sitting down taking a break from his ride down the slope."]
["A man riding a snowboard down the side of a ski slope.", "A lone snow boarder sliding along the snow.", "The single snowboarder is wearing a jacket and gloves.", "A man on a snow board cursing down the mountain", "A snowboarder whizzes his way down a snowy slope."]
["A man riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.", "A person's feet that are in a snowboard.", "A person snowboards down a snowy hill. ", "two men in ski attire standing on a snow covered hill", "A snowboarder is making his way down the snowy hill."]
["A couple of kids hovering over a pizza sitting on top of a wooden cutting board.", "A boy and girl assembling pizza together on a counter", "a male and a female and a tray of food", "A girl and boy observing slices of pizza on a platter.", "Two kid touching food that is on a kitchen counter."]
["A table full of assorted desserts being eaten", "A half oval table with different food selections", "An assortment of pies on a family dinner table.", "A table full of many types of pies and whipped creams.", "A table holds a spread of pies, whipped cream and deviled eggs."]
["A jumbo-sized submarine sandwich lies on a table next to plates. ", "A table that has a long sub-sandwich and a platter of fruit. ", "A table is set up with a variety of foods. ", "Table with large sub sandwich and party platter. ", "A really big hoagie on a table with other snacks and napkins."]
["A man riding a snowboard is jumping over a hill.", "Man on snowboard jumping over snow capped hill.", "A snowboarder rides high over the snow covered embankment.", "A snowboarder gets air as they go over a snow ramp.", "A man flying through the air while riding a snowboard."]
["a woman sitting at a wooden dining table eating french fries.", "A woman eating at a table by a window.", "a woman in blue shirt eating fries at a table.", "A person with glasses on her head, with a french fry in her mouth.", "an image of a woman eating food at the restaurant"]
["A lot of food that is on top of a table.", "A white plate topped with a hamburger and fries.", "A sandwich cut in half on a tray on a table.", "An elaborate lunch is displayed on a tray.", "A plate of food containing a sandwich and sweet potato fries."]
["a number of people riding surf boards on a fake wave machine ", "A person surfing on a continuous wave ride in a city.", "A man surfing in the middle of a city.", "People surf on a man-made surfing spot in the city.", "Several surf boarders at a city wave pool."]
["A water surfing ride attended by an employee.", "Surfers ride waves in a wave simulation machine. ", "People are waiting to try a surfing simulator.", "A big surf area in the middle of the city called \"surf in the city\".", "A surfing simulator is being used by fellow surfers."]
["A surfing simulator with actual water in the city. ", "A person riding a surfing water attraction in a city with people watching.", "A wave simulator with people riding boards on top of it.", "People are watching as others slide down a small pool.", "A few people waiting in line to use an fake surf attraction."]
["A man riding a wave on a surfboard in the ocean.", "A person surfing on a wave with a fishing boat passing by in the background.", "A surfer rides a wave while a boat floats in the background.", "A person riding a wave on a surfboard in front of a shrimp boat.", "Person on a surfboard in the water with a boat in the background. "]
["A person sitting at a table with a plate of food.", "Her eyes are definitely bigger than her stomach.", "A woman with a look of shock at a dinner table.", "a woman is sitting in front of some food", "A woman in a white shirt and glasses eating food on a rectangular plate. "]
["A display case with a single doughnut on each tray", "A variety of singular donuts sitting on white plates.", "Some donuts on display at a donut shop.", "A counter with a row of plates with a single unique doughnut on each one.", "a counter with different frosted donuts behind a plate of glass"]
["People standing in front of a counter with pastries on it.", "A man standing at a counter getting food.", "A couple of guys with their donuts and treats, are at the checkout counter. ", "A man in a grey sweatshirt in front of an assortment of donuts on a counter top. ", "Two men are paying for their pastries at a counter."]
["A tray containing five different flavors of donuts.", "A tray with six doughnuts laid out on it.", "A girl with her face near five doughnuts on a baking sheet.", "A child making a silly face over a tray of donuts.", "a tray filled with assorted donuts that are glazed"]
["a surf board next to a table with chairs ", "A yellow surf board sits on a balcony overlooking the ocean. ", "A surfboard that is leaning against a rail.", "A yellow surfboard sitting on top of a wooden deck.", "A surf board and a boogie board are behind a table on a deck over looking the beach. "]
["A deck that has a yellow surfboard and a table with 3 chairs. ", "A balcony scene with table and chairs and a surfboard overlooking the ocean.", "A yellow surfboard leaning against a glass railing overlooking the beach.", "A table and surf-board on a porch overlooking the beach.", "A surfboard leans against the side of the balcony, next to a table and chairs. "]
["Hands that are holding a piece of cake.", "A woman is serving food on a man's plate.", "The bride serves a piece of cake at her wedding.", "A person receiving a piece of cake after it was cut.", "Bride assisting groom in cutting a wedding cake."]
["An individual holding a surf board near the shoreline.", "A surfer walks along the beach at sunrise.", "Man with surfboard walking on sand away from ocean. ", "Man walking in surf carrying surfboard with yellow sky above.", "a yellow sky a male surfer in a wet suit carrying a white board"]
["A pretty woman in a white bikini holding a surfboard over her head.", "A surfer carries her surfboard on the beach.", "A woman in a two piece bathing suit carrying a surf board over her head.", "An attractive young woman carries a surfboard over her head at a beach.", "A woman carrying a surfboard over her head on the beach."]
["Surfers on surfboards ride in a row on the ocean waves.", "Three surf boards with two people on two of the boards and one on the last one.", "Three surf boarders riding the same small wave", "Three surf boarders on a wave two riding with double riders!", "Two couples are surfing on the same surfboard while one man surfs alone on his surfboard."]
["A surfer on his surfboard paddling out to the waves.", "A man on his surf board swimming out to sea", "A man riding a surfboard out into the ocean.", "This is a man swimming while laying on a surf board.", "A person lying down on a surf board in the ocean."]
["A woman riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.", "a surfer surfs on the ocean in the sun", "A standing woman surfboards through crystal clear water.", "a girl surfing on a blue long board in the ocean", "A young woman is surfing on a blue surf board."]
["The man is surfing on the water with his yellow board", "A surfer on a yellow board rides a nice wave", "a person is riding a wave on a surfboard", "A man is surfing through a medium sized wave.", "The surfer is on the surfboard riding a wave."]
["A piece of strawberry cheese cake with a fork on a plate.", "A plate with a piece of fruit cheese cake and whip cream on the side.", "A piece of cake and a fork are resting on a plate.", "There is a piece of cake an a fork on the plate.", "a picture of cheesecake with whipcream on a fork"]
["a white plate topped with a piece of chocolate covered cake.", "A large piece of cake drizzled with a lot of sauce.", "On a plate sits a large piece of cake covered in chocolate syrup.", "some silverware and a piece of cake with chocolate on top", "A person holding a spoon along with a fork pointing at a chocolate type cake."]
["A Philly steak sandwich with sliced beef, onions, and cheese on a bun.", "The steak and onion sandwich is being bitten into.", "This sandwich consists of beef, onions, and eggs in a French roll.", "That looks like a breakfast sandwich with egg and onion.", "a close up of a person holding a sandwich"]
["A woman sitting at a table in front of a multi layer cake.", "A table contains a large square cake decorated with a flower. ", "A square cake is sitting on top of a table. ", "A small square three layered cake on a table", "A three tiered wedding cake sits on a table."]
["a man on a surfboard in the middle of a water tunnel", "A man surfing in a wave in a city surfing location.", "A man surfing through a large strong wave.", "A man in a wetsuit surfing a large ocean wave.", "Surf boarder coming out of a big half pipe wave. "]
["A person is using a surfboard on a wave.", "A man riding a surf board in a wave pool on a cruise ship.", "A person who is surfing in a wave pool.", "a person riding a surf board on a wave ", "A person and surf board handling a wave."]
["Two men jump off the ground while enjoying a game of soccer.", "A group of friends are playing soccer in a field.", "Two men leap in the air while playing soccer.", "a man hitting a soccer ball with his head ", "A group of people are playing soccer on a field. "]
["two dogs hogging a bed by them selfs", "two dogs are laying down on a smaller bed with clothes folded. ", "Dogs take a nap on an unmade bed. ", "Two dogs lay on a bed, butts touching. ", "Two small whippet dogs sleeping on a messy bed."]
["A man holding a surfboard over his head. ", "A bearded young man in a red wet suit top carries his red surfboard on his head. ", "A guy carries his surfboard on his head.", "Man in red carrying a red surf board over his head.", "A man in a wet suit holding a surfboard over his head."]
["A man surfing a wave in the ocean.", "A man riding a surfboard in the middle of the water.", "A guy wearing a red wet shirt and black shorts while surfing. ", "A man in a red shirt riding on a surfboard", "a man in red and black siding a wave on his surf board"]
["A couple of women walking across a beach next to the ocean.", "Two people at the beach carrying surf boards over their heads.", "Few boys are bathing in the river while two of them are carrying surf boards to the river.", "Two women surfers walking on the beach with surf boards on their heads ", "Two people walking on the beach towards the ocean with surfboards on their heads. "]
["A bed sitting in a bedroom under a window.", "A bed with white sheets and chair in the room", "A wooden chair that is in a bathroom.", "A room that has a wicker chair and a bed in it.", "A bedroom with wicker furniture and windows. "]
["A close up view of sheets that are on a bed", "a close up of a cover on a bed with a window in the background", "The edge of a bed and a closed window.", "The view outside is blurred through the window.", "The soft texture of a blanket on a bed"]
["A carrying a surfboard while walking across a beach next to the ocean.", "A group of people carrying surf boards toward the ocean.", "A young man carrying a surf board under his arm.", "A person holding a surfboard under his right arm and walking on he beach with water in the background.", "A man walking on the beach with a surfboard"]
["A man in a wet suit standing on a surfboard as the wave approaches. ", "A man on a surfboard riding a wave in the ocean.", "A person on a surfboard in the water.", "Man on surfboard riding crested wave into shore", "A man in a wet suit riding a surfboard on a wave."]
["A beautiful woman laying around a -bed with a neck tattoo.", "Set of three images showing a woman in her bedroom recovering from surgery. ", "A girl on a bed who also has a large scar down the middle of her head.", "A woman is sitting then laying down then showing a scar on her neck.", "A series of photographs of a teenage girl in her bedroom"]
["A large pink frosted cake sitting next to cups of coffee.", "A welcome cake sitting on a table surrounded by cups and other dishes.", "The cake is sitting on top of a silver dish.", "A cluttered countertop with a celebratory pink and white cake and opened containers", "A cake welcoming someone sitting amist dishes and breads on a table."]
["Bride and groom with knife cutting wedding cake.", "Man and woman holding a knife preparing to cut through a cake. ", "A couple prepares to cut their wedding cake.", "A bride and groom holding a knife to cut the cake", "A couple preparing to cut the cake at the wedding reception."]
["Woman getting piece from a two-tier blue and white cake with star decorations.", "Lady with knife cutting a piece of cake.", "A woman in evening wear holds a knife and carves a blue and white cake that has red stars.", "Someone cutting multi-tiered cake holding plate in their left hand.  ", "A woman cutting cake with red stars on it."]
["A man riding a wave on a surfboard in the ocean.", "a person riding a surf board in a body of water", "A person that is surfing in the water.", "a man rides his surf board in a wave on the ocean", "A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard."]
["Man knelling on a surf board on a wave.", "A man in blue wetsuit on a yellow surfboard.", "A young man surfing on calm ocean waters.", "A man on a surfboard riding an ocean wave.", "A person riding the waves on their surf board."]
["A person surfing in the middle of a wave.", "A surfer balancing in the middle of a wave. ", "A surfer riding a wave in a blue ocean.", "A surfer riding a surf board in the ocean.", "A man on his surf board riding the waves "]
["A young man riding a surf board on some waves.", "A person that is in the middle of surfing a wave.", "A surfer balancing on his board within a wave.", "A male surfer surfing a wave in the ocean.", "Man on surf board riding a wave in the ocean."]
["A picture of two kids eating some food.", "Two children sitting at a table and eating cake.", "Two little blonde girls eat cake at a table", "TWO LITTLE GIRLS EATING CAKE OFF THEIR PLATES.", "Two little girls are enjoying their pieces of cake."]
["The small bedroom is white monochromatic with lots of natural light, and no window coverings.", "A bedroom with a view of a house outside the window.", "A bedroom in a small apartment with no curtains.", "A bed sits in a white room with a window view of a nearby house.", "A bedroom that appears to be very white."]
["A bedroom with clothes on top of the bed and a clothes drawer.", "a small bed is in a blue walled room", "A bedroom with a bed and dressers in it", "A blue bedroom containing a small bed with tan covers and a dresser.", "A bedroom that is empty aside from and bed and dressers."]
["a view inside a bedroom seeing a bed , table stand and an open window", "A bed sitting in a bedroom under a window.", "A sofa and a bed are cramped into in a room.", "a bedroom with blue walls and yellow details", "A room with a bed, window, lamp and curtains. "]
["Four people at a table with a birthday cake that has just been lit.", "Four people sitting around a table with a cake.", "A group of people sitting at a table.", "a group of diners celebrate a birthday with cake", "A group of people are sitting at a table with a cake."]
["A person that is going out some candles.", "An elderly man blowing out the candles on a birthday cake.", "An old man is getting ready to blow out some candles.", "An older man wearing glasses blowing the candles out on the cake.", "An elderly man blowing out birthday candles on his cake."]
["The woman is pointing at a big cake.", "A women holding up a knife about to cut a cake . ", "a woman in a white top some lights and a cake", "A woman with a knife in her hand while standing over a cake.", "A woman stands over a cake with a knife."]
["This hotel room is neat, clean, and the bed has been made. ", "A tidy bedroom in which beds are made and curtain are draped. ", "A photograph of a bed in a hotel room.", "Bedroom with large bed and a great view. ", "a room with a big bed with a wooden head board "]
["there are there men standing on top of surf boards", "Three people in suits are standing on top of surf boards, in the sand.", "three businesspeople stand on surfboards on the beach", "two men and a woman wearing suits on surf boards in sand", "Three people are posing on surf boards on a beach."]
["Three people on the beach standing with surfboards.", "Three people in suits are standing and holding surfboards.", "A woman and two men in suits, standing on a beach holding surfboards.", "Three people in suits standing on the beach with surfboards.", "three people standing holding surf boards on a beach"]
["A man in a wet suit riding a surfboard on a wave.", "a man surfing in very strong waves in ocean", "a man on a surfboard surfing the waves", "A person doing a trick with suring a wave. ", "A surfer wiping out on a wave in the ocean "]
["there is a male surfer in the ocean riding a wave", "A man riding on top of a wave on a surfboard.", "Man in wetsuit surfing on surfboard with waves", "a man on a surfboard in a body of water", "A man who is riding a wave on a surfboard."]
["This pristine bed includes several pillows and a fancy head board.", "A small bed with different color pillows on it. ", "This is a photo of a bed in a hotel room.. ", "A room with a bed and two lamps attached to the headboard.", "A bed with pillows on top of it and a large head board."]
["A bed sitting in a bedroom next to a lamp.", "A dimly lit, clean master bed room at night time. ", "A hotel room with luggage on the bed", "This room has two beds and a TV", "The room has two bed and a chair."]
["A man in a wet suit is surfing a wave.", "A man riding the waves on a surf board.", "A person on a surfboard in the water.", "The surfer is looking for the next big wave.", "A male surfer catching a wave on the ocean."]
["a man riding a surfboard on top of a wave.", "a guy wearing a wet suit riding a surf board", "A young man riding on a surfboard in the ocean.", "The man is surfing through a wave on a sunny day. ", "The glare of the sun cuts across a wave and a wet-suited surfer coming in on the tide."]
["a cake with some cup cakes around it", "A group of four cupcakes sitting in front of a two layer cake.", "A cake and four cupcakes sitting on a table. The theme is ladybugs. ", "some cup cakes sit in front of a cake ", "A birthday cake with matching lady bug cupcakes."]
["A large sleigh bed in a hotel room.", "A room is furnished with a large bed and chairs. ", "This is a master bedroom complete with a matching bedroom furniture set.", "A large brown bed with white pillows and tan sheets.", "A bed sits in a room with a whole wall as a mirror. "]
["A man carrying a surfboard while walking in the ocean.", "A man walking into the ocean carrying a surfboard", "A man walking in the shore with a surfboard under his arm.", "A man is carrying his surfboard as he walks into the ocean.", "a person holding a surf board near a body of water"]
["there are two very large beds inside of this room", "A bed that has a bunch of objects on it.", "Two large beds in hotel room and a large mirrored wall behind.", "A couple of beds sitting inside of a bedroom next to a window.", "A hotel room with two double beds, one is made one is not."]
["Pyramid of variable cupcakes on a decorated table.", "A decorative display of colorful cupcakes on a table. ", "There is a table covered with various displays of cupcakes", "A platter of cupcakes on a long table.", "LOTS OF CUPCAKES ARRANGED ON A TABLE WITH NAPKINS"]
["A person sitting down and eating some pizza.", "A person with whiteface makeup and glasses sitting crosslegged and eating take-out food.", "A person sitting on the ground eating pizza from a box. ", "a person in costume sitting down eating out of a box", "a person in a black and blue costume eating a small box of food."]
["A man on a surfboard riding a wave.", "A surfer in a wetsuit skimming a wave in a calm ocean", "A person is surfing on a shallow wave.", "Surfer riding a wave just braking performing manuever", "a person riding a skate board on a body of water "]
["A surfer in a wetsuit riding a wave.", "A man is surfing on a wave in the ocean.", "A surfer tries to stay afloat amidst the waves.", "A person on a surfboard in the water.", "a person in a wetsuit riding a wave with a surfboard "]
["A man is holding a surfboard walking out of the ocean.", "young man with long hair and a surfboard walking on the beach", "a surfer is leaving the water with his board as the waves roll in.", "a person holding a surf board near a body of water", "A man getting out of the ocean holding a surfboard."]
["A room with a small bed, slippers and a pot.", "A room with a bed, slippers and oval bowl.", "An empty room with a mattress, slippers, and a bowl.", "A bed against a wall in a room.", "The room has a bed, a pan and slippers."]
["A woman and two men are making pizzas around a table.", "Three people smiling while they make mini pizzas.", "three people gathered around a table with ingredients preparing their own pizza", "Three people preparing pizzas on a table set with ingredients.  ", "Two guys and one girl displaying a table full of pizza making toppings."]
["A young boy poses next to his homemade pizza.", "A child in front of a raw pizza that needs to be cooked. ", "a boy with glasses a cheese pizza with onions on a silver platter", "A little boy wearing glasses standing over a pizza.", "A boy sitting in front of an unfinished meal."]
["A group of men sitting around a wooden table.", "Men are sitting at a table with beer glasses and pizza on it.", "A group of friends enjoying pizza and beer.", "people sitting at a long table eating pizza and drinking beer", "there are many men sitting at this table together"]
["A man riding a wave on a white surfboard in the ocean.", "Man in swim trunks surfing on a surfboard.", "a man standing on a surfboard riding a wave ", "A man on a surfboard in the water, with a wave crashing behind him.", "A man on a surfboard riding the waves."]
["Two girls surfing on a wave in the ocean.", "Two women are surfing in the water together.", "A couple of young women riding boards on top of a wave.", "A woma. riding a wave standing while another woman riding a wave while laying on a surfboard.", "Two women surfing together on a white wave."]
["a young person riding a surf board on a wave", "A young boy riding a surfboard in the ocean.", "A young boy hitting a wave while surfing.", "A young Asian kid surfing over a splash of wave. ", "A young surfer performs a trick on a wave."]
["A man wearing plaid swim trunks surfs a big wave.", "A guy on a surfboard surfs a wave. ", "a surfer wearing a wet suit jacket is surfing", "The surfer on the white surf board is catching a big wave.", "A surfer rides the crest of a big wave"]
["a small boy and a dog in a bedroom", "a small boy in a black shirt a brown and black dog and a bed", "a small kid stands next to a dog and bed ", "a kid and a brown dog in a room with a small bed", "A young boy standing over a bed next to a dog."]
["a person riding a surf board on a wave", "an image of a man riding the waves on the ocean", "a man on a surfboard riding on a big wave ", "A man surfs in a large green wave.", " a person standing on a surfboard while riding a wave."]
["A surfer is catching a wave in the ocean.", "A man riding the ocean waves on a surfboard", "Two men riding a wave on a surf board in the ocean.", "A person surfing with other surfers in the backdrop.", "A young man riding a wave back to shore"]
["A surfer laying on a surf board riding the top of a wave.", "Only three quarters of the surfers body shows on the surfboard.", "a woman riding on a surf board through the water ", "A woman riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A young person laying down on a surfboard riding a wave."]
["A child sitting on a chair with a toy remote.", "a close up of a child sitting on a toy chair with a remote", "A child in yellow dress holding a toy remote.", "This baby is playing with a toy phone and sitting in a chair.", "A baby playing with a remote control of some sort."]
["A group of children dressed in purple at a tennis practice.", "People are shaking hands holding tennis rackets on a tennis court. ", "Several young people in purple t-shirts stand on a tennis court.", "several children standing around on a tennis court", "Many people with rackets stand on a court"]
["A group of children wait to play some tennis.", "Several children stand around holding their tennis rackets.", "Boys and girls with purple shirts standing next to one another with tennis racquets on a tennis court.", "Several young people are learning to play tennis.", "A group of young people standing around with tennis rackets."]
["A teddy bear tucked into bed under a blanket.", "A teddy bear all tucked in to a bed, covered with a comforter.", "A stuffed bear laying in a bed under the blankets.", "A teddy bear laying on a bed covered up.", "A teddy bear laying in bed with it's head on a pillow and a blanket covering it up to the neck."]
["A cheese and pepperoni pizza with basil sprinkled on top.", "There are pepperoni and cheese on the pizza", "A pizza sits on a white plate near another plate of pizza.", "THERE IS A PIZZA ON THE PLATE WITH CHEESE AND MEAT", "A pepperoni pizza is topped with fresh herbs."]
["A guy jumping with a tennis racket in his hand.", "A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A guy holding a racket in a game of tennis.", "A tennis player in mid air action on the court.", "A man in black shirt and blue shorts playing a game of tennis."]
["A woman swinging a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A female professional tennis player serving a the US Open.", "The woman is playing tennis on the court.", "Female tennis player delivering serve during match to other player.", "Woman in red shirt jumping as she plays tennis.  "]
["A small pizza with cheese, sauce and vegetables.", "A pizza is covered with different vegetables and cheese. ", "Close-up shot of a pizza with fresh ingredients.", "A lovely pizza is on the table on top of a menu.", "A pizza with a lot of salad pieces on it."]
["An old fashioned television and a newer electronic gadget sitting on top.", "An old tv appliance holding a smartphone on top of it.", "An outdated television set with a modern device on top of it.", "A older television with a phone sitting on top", "A blue TV sitting on top of a white counter."]
["A pizza sitting on top of a wooden cutting board.", "A pizza and bottle of beer on the table", "Freshly baked pizza displayed on board with beer.", "A large pizza sitting on a counter next to a glass of beer.", "A close view of a pizza, and a mug of beer."]
["A pizza sitting on a white plag with a fried egg on top of it.", "The vegetable pizza has one fried egg in the center.", "A person slicing a pizza with an  egg on it", "Someone cutting through a specialty pizza on a plate.", "A mini pizza with an egg in the middle."]
["a male is typing on a laptop and there is also a paper and a cellphone on the table", "A man sitting at a wooden counter typing on a laptop.", "A man sitting at a desk typing on a laptop.", "A man working on a small laptop on a wooden table.", "This is an image of a man typing on a laptop."]
["A dog standing on the back of a couch over a sleeping person and a laptop.", "A BLACK DOG IS ON TOP OF A CHAIR WITH A PERSON LYING ON THE CHAIR WITH A LAP TOP", "A large black dog carefully balanced on the top edge of a sofa", "There are two dogs looking over a person asleep on a couch", "A dog stands on the back of a striped couch as a person lays on the couch with a lap top computer and another dog lays his head near the person."]
["A few pieces of pizza sitting on a plate", "A picture of two slices of pizza resting on a white plate.", "Two slices of pizza sitting on top of a white plate.", "a plate has two slices of cheese pizza on it", "A piece of pizza is sitting on a plate with another slice."]
["One cheese pizza cooked and sliced on a pan.", "A personal sized cheese pizza on a plate. ", "The cheese pizza was very small and slightly burned.", "A COOKED PIZZA ON A SILVER PLATTER WITH ANOTHER IN THE BACKGROUND ", "A pizza that has been cooked is on a plate that is on a table."]
["Half eaten pizza sitting on a small white plate. ", "A half-eaten pizza is on a large platter.", "A chicken breast sitting on top of a plate.", "A half cut cheese pizza is sitting on a plate next to a knife. ", "The pizza on the table is almost gone. "]
["Closeup of a black hair dryer on a chair.", "The black hair dryer is sitting in a chair.", "A black hair dryer sits in a tan chair.", "A hair dryer lays upright on a chair. ", "A blow dryer sitting upright on a chair."]
["Boy in purple shirt holding a tennis rack on tennis court.", "A young boy in a purple shirt playing a game of ", "a young person holding a tennis racket on a court", "A person holding a tennis racket standing on a court.", "A boy wearing a purple tennis shirt with tennis racket in hand."]
["A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A young boy prepares to receive a serve during a tennis match.", "A young boy plays tennis on a court.", "A young tennis player is trying to hit the ball. ", "A young man in a purple shirt is playing tennis."]
["A young boy is playing tennis at the tennis courts.", "a boy that has a tennis racket in hand", "a young boy holding a tennis racket ", "A young boy holding a tennis racket while standing on a court.", "Child holding tennis racket in middle of court looking to get call"]
["A room corner painted orange with a picture of pizza on the wall.", "Yellow walls with a picture of pizzas on the wall", "A picture of pizza, pasta salad and bread sticks mounted on a wall.", "A picture on a wall of many different pizzas.", "A picture of pizzas and salads next to veggies."]
["The thin pizza is sitting on the plate.", "The pizza is prepared and ready to be eaten.", "A pizza is sliced on a cutting board.", "A thin pizza with tomatoes and cheese with green onions and bacon.", "A thin crust pizza with sever toppings on it."]
["A pizza with a lot of vegetables on top.", "A pizza loaded with toppings at a restaurant ", "A plate of food with basil, meat, and cheese. ", "A pizza with cheese, tomatoes, onions, and spinach leaves. ", "A pizza pie with meat and fresh herbs on top"]
["A deep dish pizza sitting on top of a white plate.", "A personal size deep dish pizza on a plate.", "Food is shown on a plate close up. ", "The taco pizza have a lot of olives on it.", "A mini pizza with olives, tomatoes, mozzarella and parmesan is on the plate."]
["A deep dish pizza sitting on top of a white plate.", "a breadbowl of some sort with some good chow", "a deep dish pizza with black olives sitting on a plate", "The personal size pizza has black olives and sausage.", "A fancy quiche dish with other food on a restaurant table."]
["A man holding a tennis racquet on a  tennis court.", "A man holding a tennis racquet intently looking at something.", "an image of a man with a tennis racket in hand", "A man in a short sleeve shirt with a tennis racket", "There is a male tennis player holding a tennis racket "]
["A man hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.", "All he has to do now is hit the tennis ball across the net.", "a man about to hit a tennis ball at the court", "A man on a tennis court hits a tennis ball.", "a man swinging his racket at a tennis ball"]
["A half a pizza sitting on top of a white plate.", "Plate full of pizza with a fork to help eat.", "Half of a pizza sits on a white plate with a fork near a glass of water.", "A half eaten pizza rests on a plate", "A half eaten personal pizza on a white plate. "]
["Two women in pink and yellow dresses holding a tennis racket.", "Two women posing for a photo in costumes one holding a tennis racket and other wearing a small crown on her head.", "Girls posing of a picture one holding a tennis racket the other wearing a crown.", "Two female cosplayers pose beside a wall in their costumes.", "Two women dressed in costumes, with one holding tennis racket."]
["The man is making a cheese pizza in his kitchen.", "A man in the kitchen making a pizza", "A man standing at a counter making a pizza.", "A bearded man sprinkling cheese on a raw pizza.", "a man dished himself up some pizza "]
["A shirtless male tennis player reaching for a ball.", "The man extends his racket towards an approaching tennis ball. ", "A shirtless man playing tennis on a tennis court.", "A man without a shirt jumps forward to try to hit the tennis ball with his racket.", "A tennis player who has already lost his shirt stretches for a ball."]
["a shirtless tennis player running up to meet the ball", "A shirtless man in white shorts holds out a tennis racket on a court.", "A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "a shirtless male is playing tennis on a court", "A man on a court with a tennis racket."]
["A shirtless man on a tennis court holding a tennis racket.", "A person that is swinging a tennis racket.", "a man with no shirt and white shorts playing tennis", "A man running with a tennis racket at a competition.", "There is a shirtless man swinging a tennis racket."]
["A woman returns a tennis ball during a tennis match.", "A woman is playing on a gray and pink court.", "A woman is delicately hitting a ball with her tennis racquet.", "A person standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "This tennis player is about to return the volley."]
["a female tennis player in a black top playing tennis", "The tennis player is going for the tricky ball.", "A young female winding up to hit a tennis ball.", "A girl on a tennis court holding a racket getting ready to hit the ball. ", "A woman playing tennis with her racket ready behind her."]
["there is a young woman playing tennis on the court", "A woman tennis player on an asphalt tennis court.", "A woman is on the tennis court holding a racquet.", "A woman playing tennis is swinging at a ball.", "a woman is holding a tennis racket on a court"]
["A woman hitting a tennis ball on a tennis court.", "A tennis player in a blue skirt swings her racquet at the ball.", "Girl in skirt returns the volley on the tennis court.", "A female tennis player tries to hit the tennis ball.", "A girl playing tennis outside in the sunlight."]
["Someone props their feet up on a foot rest in a messy living room. ", "A couple of chairs that are in a room.", "a living room with a tv a book shelf and plants", "The couch potato's view of the living room", "The living room is very cluttered with stuff."]
["a yellow table some books a monitor and a computer", "A long desk with a laptop, books and a Nintendo Wii.", "A wooden table sitting next to a red wall topped with a computer monitor.", "A long desk area with a desktop computer at one end and a laptop computer and Wii video game system on the other end.", "a clean desk with a bunch  of electronics on it"]
["A woman with a blue toothbrush in her mouth outside", "a woman with a hat and eye glasses on a snowy hill", "A woman standing outside in the snow with a toothbrush in her mouth.", "A woman with right bred hair brushing her teeth.", "A woman brushing her teeth in the snow."]
["A plant is rooted in rock filled vase", "A plant is growing in a clear vase filled with rocks", "A lucky bamboo plant in a glass container with many rocks sitting on a table.", "A potted plant sitting on a table next to a chair.", "A vase with rocks and bamboo in it sitting on a wooden table."]
["Boys playing soccer on the other side of a fence.", "A group of young males are playing a game of soccer on a field.", "two people playing soccer on a green field", "The kicker is getting ready to score a goal.", "One man kicks a soccer ball toward a goal."]
["Player making a goal during the soccer game match", "Some soccer players in action on the field.", "A soccer goalie blocking a kick from the net. ", "A couple of men playing a game of soccer.", "A group of men on a field playing soccer."]
["A plenty shot in a game of soccer being made.", "there is a soccer game going on one team is about to score", "A group of young men playing soccer on the field", "A man kicking a penalty kick at a soccer game.", "A man in white kicks a soccer ball towards the goalie during the game "]
["The halved melon is on the counter next to the remote.", "A squash has been cut completely in half", "a cantaloupe on a counter top with a tv remote", "Some type of fruit that has been cut open on the kitchen counter", "A large orange squash cut in half, adjacent to a remote control, on a granite countertop."]
["A living room filled with furniture and a fire place.", "A house is furnished well in this video game.", "A large living room has a lot of furniture and carpet.", "Den with green carpet and blinds, comfortable wing chairs, a couch and fireplace.", "Retro style living room with green carpets and curtains."]
["Person in restaurant with flooring and blinds with tables", "A person standing in a room by some tables.", "A woman walking in a restaurant with a uniform on. ", "The worker is cleaning the eating area for the customers. ", "An employee is looking out the window of a fast food restaurant."]
["A man with a beard standing next to a man with a tooth brush.", "Two men in bathrobes, one is brushing his teeth.", "Two men in robes while one has a toothbrush in his mouth. ", "He is patting him on the back while he is brushing his teeth.", "A man with a tooth brush is looking at another man."]
["A young woman is vigorously brushing her teeth.", "A girl brushing her teeth with a green and white toothbrush.", "there is a woman brushing her teeth in a bathroom", "A girl looks in the mirror as she brushes her teeth", "Girl brushing her teeth in mirror with photographer visible."]
["A living area with a fireplace, television and atlas on wall.", "A television set that has feet on a scale. ", "The television is on in the living room.", "A empty living room a television that is on.", "Feet on a scale on the television in the corner of a living room"]
["A woman brushing the teeth of a toddler.", "A woman brushing a small child's teeth in a bathroom. ", "A person brushing the teeth of a child near a child's toilet.", "A woman brushing the teeth of a baby in a bathroom.", "WOMAN LOOKING INTO BABIES MOUTH IN A BATHROOM"]
["A man brushes his teeth in the dark of night.", "Adult man holding object to mouth in dark photograph.", "A man in the dark with a white pipe in his mouth.", "a man is blowing in to a device in his hands", "man holding an object in his hand that goes to his mouth"]
["A man holding a game controller in his right hand.", "The two men are wearing glasses and playing a game.", "Two men play a Wii game with their Wii motes held high.", "Two men holding Wii remotes in their hands.", "Two men playing a video game in the living room."]
["A parent standing up and playing Wii in their living room", "a man standing as he hold a wii remote in his hands ", "A woman operating a Wii and a remote in a room by herself.", "A woman standing in a room holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.", "a male in a blue jacket is playing with a white controller"]
["A clean kitchen with pans hanging from the ceiling.", "A white kitchen with seating area next to a fireplace", "A map of the world hanging on a brick wall in a kitchen", "A kitchen filled with furniture and a painting on a wall.", "A very pretty kitchen with a big brick fireplace."]
["A boy with glasses playing a game with a Nintendo Wii controller.", "A young boy with a video game controller.", "A boy wearing glasses concentrating on playing Wii.", "an image of a boy playing a video game", "A young boy is using a video game remote controller."]
["A living room filled with furniture and a fire place.", "A panoramic view of a cabin with stone fireplace.", "a room that has some furniture and a rug", "a couple of coaches in a living room area", "Large living area of home with decorations and furniture and stone fireplace."]
["A washroom is adorned in soothing beach vibe decor.", "A mirror with two bathroom sinks on either side of a window.", "A very large bathroom with two matching sinks", "A bathroom has two sinks and hanging lamps.", "A bathroom with two sinks, two mirrors, two lights, a mirror and drawers attached to each sink. "]
["A  little kid that is sitting on a couch.", "A little boy sitting in the living room.", "There is a small child sitting on the sofa in the living room", "a little kid sitting on the couch while playing with a video game ", "A boy is sitting on a couch, playing, and watching television."]
["two people sitting on a couch playing nintendo wii", "a child and an adult holding remote controls while sitting on a couch.", "A child and her mother play video games together", "A mom plays videos games with her daughter.", "a woman and daugher playing a wii game while a toddler watches"]
["A LIVING ROOM WITH FURNITURE, A FIREPLACE, AND A LARGE SCENIC WINDOW", "A daylight lit neatly decorated living room with sliding glass doors ", "a living room with two sofas, a coffee table  and a fireplace.", "A living room with a picture window and outside view. ", "A living room with a fire place filled with furniture."]
["some people are playing video games in a living room", "A crowd of people standing around a room in front of a TV.", "A group of people playing a game with Nintendo Wii controllers.", "a group of people playing a game on a carpet ", "many people in the room only four a playing a video game"]
["a table with cushions for sitting near it", "Clean lines and minimal, lightweight furniture are the decor in this living space.", "The food is ready to be eaten at the table. ", "A wooden table in a room with wooden floor and a wooden deck outside a large window.", "A table with a plate of food and some drinks."]
["A man with remote standing in a room.", "A man standing in a living room in front of a television playing wii.", "A man playing and interactive video game. ", "A man holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.", "A man sitting on a couch while a boy plays a video game."]
["A group of people in living room playing a game with Nintendo Wii controllers.", "A group of young people hanging out on top of a black couch.", "A couple of men playing a game with remote controllers.", "A group of friends are gathered so they can enjoy playing a game on the wii.", "there are two men standing playing a video game"]
["There are two men playing the wii video game system", "A family vigorously plays the wii in their living room.", "A small group of friends sit and watch while others play video games.", "two people standing playing nintendo wii while others wit on the couch", "A group of people that are playing a game."]
["A woman holding a Nintendo Wii box at table.", "A middle aged woman with eye glasses holding a Wii game box on a table. ", "a woman sitting at the table and holding onto a wii box", "A lady holds a wii up for the camera. ", "A middle-aged gray haired woman displays a Wii Box to a person holding the controls. "]
["A computer component and a power strip sit on a desk.", "A gaming system plugged into an electric source.", "nintendo wii on a table with remotes and instructions", "Electrical plugs are coming out of a box on top of a box.", "A game device is open a flat surface with game paraphernalia around it. "]
["A living room with a small television and a fireplace.", "A living room with a fire place and four rugs.", "A living room is shown with a tv and rugs.", "A large living area with some mats on the floor", "A living room has many rugs and a television."]
["a black and white photo with pops of red in color", "Black cat in front of a window licking its paw.", "Black-and-white image of a living room with a cat in a sunny window and pops of red in a chair cushion and amaryllis.", "A black and white living room with a red chair cushion and a red pot with a red flower.", "A couch and a chair in a small room."]
["a close up of a plate of pizza near a computer keyboard", "A piece of cake with a bite taken out", "Some food that is sitting by a computer.", "a piece of pie on a white plate next to a keyboard.", "a partially eaten piece of quiche by a keyboard "]
["A computer mouse sitting next to a keyboard.", "A close up of a mouse, speaker, and a keyboard", "A mouse that is sitting near a keyboard.", "a keyboard, mouse and a speaker on top of a desk ", "a mouse sits next to a keyboard in front of a speaker "]
["A bedroom with twinkly lights and a laptop open on the bed.", "A red laptop sitting on a bed decorated with Christmas lights under a star hanging on the wall. ", "An open laptop computer sitting on top of a bed.", "A red laptop sitting on a bed that has Christmas lights on the headboard.", "A red laptop computer is sitting on a bed."]
["Little girl observing three octopus kites being flown", "A girl watching kites shaped like octopuses ", "A little girl watching colorful kites in the sky.", "A young child watches octopus shaped kites fly.", "The child is flying a kite on the beach."]
["Two people on the ground with large balloons of an orange and white fish and a crab, floating in the sky.", "A balloon of a clown fish and another balloon of a lobster fly in the sky.", "A Finding Nemo balloon is flying in the air.", "Very large kites being flown by two people.", "people on a hill flying two large kites in the sky"]
["a kid playing with a kite as people walk along on the top of a hill", "A group of people standing on top of a lush green field.", "a woman is flying a kite in the open field.", "A child extends her arms toward a kite sailing overhead.", "A woman flying a kite as other walk nearby"]
["Several people standing in the sand under kites.", "a beach with a people and red car parked on and it kites flying", "a number of kites flying in the sky above a beach ", "A group of people grow kites at the beach.", "A bunch of kites flying around on the beach,"]
["A man riding a kiteboard on top of the ocean.", "a person riding on water being pulled by a kite ", "A man riding behind his parasail in choppy waters. ", "A wind surfer riding in the middle of a body of water.", "A person in a wet suit in the water engaging in a water sport."]
["a bunch of kites are flying in the sky", "a bunch of kites are flying through the air", "The different kites are flying up in the sky", "a number of large kites flying in the sky over a field", "A sky full of different colored kites flying. "]
["A woman with a child flying a kite in a field.", "A man standing on top of a field flying a kite.", "a man holding a kite in the park on a sunny day", "The man is flying a kite outside along with others", "An adult and children flying a kite in the sky"]
["A couple of adults standing next to children in a park.", "Two small children in a field with their parents", "an image of kids playing with kites ", "Two small children stand next to two adults in a park filled with people.", "A FAMILY IS PLAYING AT THE PARK "]
["A group of clocks that are on the wall.", "A group of decorative clocks are placed on a restaurant wall.", "A zany restaurant wall covered in ornate clocks ", "A restaurant with tables and chairs has clocks on the wall.", "Various clocks adorn the walls of a restaurant."]
["A man standing in the ocean filled with waves.", "A man standing in the ocean waves with kite surfers in the background.", "A man in a wetsuit wading out of the ocean", "A surfer stands in knee high water in the ocean.", "a man standing in the ocean in blue clothes "]
["Kite boarder at the beach during low tide.", "A man that is standing on a board in the sand.", "The man is kite surfing on a skateboard on the beach. ", "A man riding a kite board down a sandy beach.", "A man attempts to kite sail on a beach near the ocean."]
["Some people on a roof who are flying some kites.", "Pair of women standing on terrace with several kites in the air.", " A graduation ceremony in a foreign country.", "Three kits can be seen in the sky along with a couple of women on a balcony.", "People on the building are flying kites in the air"]
["A man in black jacket holding a kite in front of another person.", "Two people standing on a beach with one obscured by a kite.", "A man holding a kite over the view of another person on a beach.", "a man hiding behind a kite and its very cold", "Two people standing on the beach with a kite."]
["A man fixes a kite as he stands with his friend on the beach.", "Two people fly a kite on a beach.", "Two people on a beach get ready to fly a kite.", "The man holds a kite to prepare it for flight.", "A man flying a kite on a sandy beach."]
["A clock mounted near a city light on the road", "A very big fancy clock lit up at night.", "A clock on a post displays the time as 11:43 p.m.", "a close up of a lit up clock face", "An old style clock has black Roman numerals."]
["A baseball field; young children are the batter and the catcher while the umpire and the pitcher are grown men.", "A group of people on a field playing baseball.", "a man pitches a baseball to a kid ", "This is a scene of a kids baseball game being played.", "a couple of kids are playing baseball in a field"]
["A person in catchers gear standing by a fence.", "A young child dressed in catchers gear at a baseball game.", "A catcher fixing his helmet in a baseball game.", "a little league catcher looking through a fence", "A young boy in baseball catcher's gear looks through chain link fence."]
["A man sitting at a picnic table using a laptop.", "A man using his laptop outside at a picnic table.", "a group of people sitting at some picnic tables", "A man sitting alone at a picnic table with a laptop.", "The man has his laptop at the outdoor table."]
["A brown teddy bear laying on an asphalt ground.", "a close up of a teddy bear on the ground", "A worn out teddy bear lays on the ground. ", "A small stuffed animal with a shadow laying in the street.", "A teddy bear with strings on it lies on pavement."]
["On a beach, there is a clock in the middle of the sand.", "A wooden clock sitting in the middle of a sandy open field.", "A clock sitting in the sand in a desert landscape.", "A clock positioned in the sand on a beach", "A clock standing alone on a beach in the sand"]
["A man is standing on a sunny beach", "A man walks down the beach near the ocean.", "A man standing on a beach next to the ocean.", "A person holding a clock is walking on the beach.", "A man on a beach holding a clock."]
["A pitcher throws a ball to the batter in an open field.", "Playing baseball in a local field with Dad", "an image of a father and daughter playing outside", "A young boy swings a baseball bat at a ball in the park.", "A kid with a baseball bat with a ball being thrown to him."]
["A clock that is on the side of a structure.", "Long waterway leading into bowels of unique city", "A river running through the middle of a city.", "a white clock on top of a tower", "A small clock tower sitting by a river running through a city."]
["A baseball batter is getting ready to hit the ball.", "A group of baseball players standing on top of a field.", "A baseball match being viewed through a chain link fence.", "A man that is in the dirt with a baseball bat.", "A baseball game going on while a player holds a bat ready. "]
["A baseball player bunting at a baseball game.", "there is a baseball player that is at bat and he is about to hit the ball", "Baseball players playing baseball on a baseball field", "Hitter in a baseball game trying to execute a bunt", "A man holding out a baseball bat to a ball on a field."]
["A woman tennis player is getting ready to hit a ball.", "A woman hitting a tennis ball with her tennis racket. ", "A woman prepares to serve a tennis ball.", "A female tennis player with cap about to hit a serve.", "A female tennis player is about to make a serve."]
["A man standing on top of a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A tennis player getting ready to hit a ball on a tennis court.", "A male tennis player stands with his racket poised. ", "A guy is playing tennis on a blue tennis court.", "a man playing tennis on a blue court"]
["A woman returns a ball on the tennis court.", "A young woman hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racquet.", "The tennis player serves the ball at a match.", "A woman on the tennis court returning a serve", "A woman playing tennis in a professional match."]
["Man with tennis racket preparing to hit ball", "A tennis player with racket and a Rolex clock behind him", "A male tennis player wearing white waits for the ball.", "a man is out on a court with a tennis racket", "A person on a court with a tennis racket."]
["A man in a tuxedo eats a piece of pizza.", "A man wearing a black tuxedo is biting a slice of pizza.", "a man in a black bow tie is eating some pizza", "A man in a tuxedo eating a slice of pizza.", "A man in a tux eating a piece of pizza."]
["A person sitting at a table with two pizzas on pizza pans.", "Two pizzas and salads are set on a table in this over-head shot.", "A round table with people eating pizza and salad.", "A table set for a dinner of pizza. ", "a table with two pizzas, plates, spatula, utensils, seasoning, drinks and salads."]
["A plastic cup and food sitting on a tray.", "a glass of wine and a pizza in a plate", "A cup of beer sitting next to a slice of pizza.", "A cup of beer by some food on a table.", "A glass of beer and a slice of pizza."]
["A woman bent down and playing tennis with a raquet in her hands.", "A black and white tennis player ready for a ball.", "A woman standing on a tennis court while wearing a short skirt.", "A woman playing tennis waits to be survived ", "A female tennis player getting ready for a shot."]
["a person in tennis wear holding a tennis racket", "A crowd is watching a woman play tennis.", "The tennis player is holding her racket and smiling.", "A beautiful young woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "a woman is wearing a black and white tennis dress"]
["A woman with a racket stands on a court.", "Two women in black dresses playing a game of tennis.", "A woman reaches to hit an approaching tennis ball.", "A photo of a team playing in a tennis competition.", "Spectators watching women playing tennis in the sun"]
["A woman holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.", "a lady in black and white playing tennis.", "Two woman standing on a court holding tennis rackets.", "Two women tennis players standing on one side of net. ", "two woman playing tennis on a court in front of a crowd of people"]
["A person standing on top of a tennis court while wearing a white hat.", "A tennis player crossing her arms and stretching with ball boys behind her.", "woman in red and white tennis outfit on tennis court", "Tennis players stretching their arms on the tennis court.", "There are people standing on the tennis court."]
["A person holding a tennis racquet with the letter b in the middle of it.", "A woman in athletic clothing holds a tennis racket.", "Tennis star Martina Navratilova holding a racket and wearing her hat backwards", "A tennis player with an odd look on the face.", "A person holds a tennis racquet while walking."]
["A woman holding a tennis racquet while standing on a court.", "a tennis player standing on a tennis court at a tennis match", "a lady holding a bat playing tennis and others watching", "She looks like she may be a professional tennis ball player.", "A young lady that is standing and smiling for a photo. "]
["A man holding a tennis racket while playing a game of tennis.", "A tennis player is poised in position with racquet upheld.", "A man assuming a stance to hit a tennis ball.", "A man playing tennis at a tennis match.", "A gentleman doing a \"happy dance\" during a tennis competition."]
["Female tennis player reaching to hit high ball.", "A female is holding a tennis racket in the air.", "A tennis player takes an aggressive shot at the ball.", "A woman raising her racket at a tennis competition.", "A tennis player jumping up to return the ball."]
["A very tall gray clock tower next to a  building with lots of windows.", "The tall building features a clock at the top.", "A clock tower sits at the top of a new building. ", "A beige building with a red and white clock tower. ", "a big building with a clock built into the top "]
["A clock sits against a window in a white wall.", "A brick wall that has a window with a clock sitting in it.", "A clock is in a window with yellow blinds.", "A clock sitting on the ledge of a window.", "A clock that has been placed on a window sill. "]
["A vase of red flowers on a window sill.", "A red glad vase with red roses on a ledge next to a window.", "A red vase with long stem red roses", "A vase of red roses in a windowsill.  ", "a see through vase with flowers sits in front of a window "]
["A window sill with multiple plants on the ledge.", "Vases with pink flowers sitting on window ledge", "A vase full of flowers sits by the window.", "Vase of pink flowers sits on windowsill next to box of flowers", "a window that has a potted plant and some flowers in vases on the sill"]
["A group of flowers is displayed in a vase.", "A clear vase with flowers sitting on a windowsill.", "A wooden table next to a window with a vase filled with purple flowers.", "Large purple flowers sitting next to a window in a glass vase. ", "a glass vase and some pink flowers on a brown table"]
["A shopping plaza with a clock on the building.", "A shopping center with a large clock tower on top of it.", "A store with a clock on top of it. ", "landscape of a parking lot and a building that has a clock on the roof", "A simple brick building with a small clock tower."]
["People are watching a performance by the clock tower.", "A bunch of people outside a clock tower spraying water.", "many people watching two men in front of a clock tower", "A large crowd watching a performance next to a clock tower.", "A ray of sunlight peering through a tree near clock tower and a crowd of people."]
["there seems to be a stuffed animal that was left in the street", "A teddy bear sitting on top of a metal bench.", "A teddy bear is bear a metal bar at night.", "The teddy bear was left on the empty bench. ", "A brown teddy bear with a black staff"]
["Group of people on laptop while in business meeting ", "A table topped with people sitting in front of laptop computers.", "Several people sitting around a table looking at their laptops", "People are working on laptops in a group in the room.", "FOUR STUDENTS USING LAPTOP COMPUTERS IN A CLASSROOM"]
["A woman holding a roasting pan filled with a turkey in an open oven.", "A person putting a whole chicken into an oven to cook.", "A woman is placing a large bird into the oven.", "Woman putting a tray of food into an oven. ", "A woman placing a turkey inside an oven."]
["A laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.", "a laptop sitting on a desk with some clear cases next to it ", "A laptop that is sitting on a desk.", "a small laptop is sitting on a table", "A laptop computer is sitting on a desk with a mouse and coffee cup."]
["Two brown teddy bears sitting on a couch.", "two teddy bears sitting side by side on a yellow chair.", "Two teddy bears sit on a cushioned chair.", "A couple of stuffed bears on a chair.", "two stuffed teddy bears sitting in a chair"]
["A small baby on top of a green blanket next to a teddy bear. ", "a baby and a teddy bear laying on a green blanket together", "A baby with black hair laying in a green blanket next to a teddy bear.", "A PICTURE OF A SMALL BABY LAYING NEXT TO A TEDDY BEAR ", "this is a small baby and a bear on a bed"]
["Stuffed teddy bear sitting in the bars of fence with flowers growing", "a stuffed bear is hanging on a fence", "a bear is stuck inside of some bars", "A teddy bear sitting in between fence rails. ", "some plants flowers a fence and a brown teddy bear"]
["Sleeping teddy bear with nightcap on a work table with tools and cords.", "A toy bear propped against an old sewing machine. ", "A teddy bear in pink sitting next to an old dusty machine.", "A teddy bear and a very old sewing machine are shown.", "A teddy bear on a dirty table with a lamp on it."]
["A teddy bear standing next to two toys.", "A teddy bear is standing beside a frog and a stuffed doll.", "These children toys include a doll, teddy bear, and frog.", "A teddy bear, doll, and stuffed toy frog.", "A group of stuffed animals that are cleverly arranged together."]
["Various items from the book bag are lying on the floor.", "Bag contents laid out on floor including a book, lap top, a comb and many other items", "The contents of a bag are displayed on a table.", "A BACKPACK WITH COMPUTER ITEMS AND A BOOK. ", "A bag and it's contents sitting beside it on a floor."]
["A woman holding a baby on her lap while using a laptop computer.", "A woman is holding a baby while using a laptop.", "A mom holding her baby while working on her laptop.", "The baby is helping its mom on the internet.", "A woman holding a baby while using a laptop computer."]
["A man and a woman behind the counter of a restaurant. ", "there are many chefs cooking in the kitchen", "A man in a bakery next to an oven with a large piece of bread in it.", "Kitchen personnel preparing food items in commercial setting.", "a man that is in a kitchen under a sign."]
["Pink tulips sit in a vase in the window. ", "Clear pink flowers are rested upon a window sill in a clear blue vase.", "A picture of some flowers by a window.", "A potted plant in a blue vase next to a window sill.", "A blue vase filled with pink flowers next to a window."]
["The man sleeps with his laptop on his stomach.", "an  image of a man lying in bed with a laptop on his stomach", "A man is asleep in bed with a laptop open on his lap.", "A man laying on a bed with an open laptop on his lap", "A man in black and white shirt sleeping on bed with a laptop."]
["A large meal that is ready to eat.", "Cooked meats and vegetables along with watermelon sit on plates on a table with utensils", "A bunch of plates of food such as fish, pork, watermelon, pasta salad and cocktail sauce.", "a large amount of food sitting on a table banquet style.", "Many trays of gourmet food like barbecued meat, lobster, and vegetables."]
["A large teddy bear with a smaller teddy sitting in a rocking chair.", "Two teddy bears, one a police officer bear sitting in the lap of the other, a white bear, both of them sitting on a wooden chair.", "a teddy bear in a cop uniform sitting on the lap of another teddy bear ", "Two teddy bears sit on a rocking chair.", "Large teddy bear with smaller on in lap sitting on rocking chair."]
["Two women sitting in wicker furniture on porch talking", "Two women who are sitting at a table outside talking.", "a couple of people that are sitting on the porch", "A few people sitting on a patio having a conversation. ", "some people sitting at an outdoor table and talking to each other "]
["A man holding a cellphone in yellow room.", "A man wearing a hat sitting in front of a washing machine.", "A man sitting in a laundromat beneath a sign.", "A man looking at his cell phone while in laundromat", "A man sitting in a laundry mat looking at his phone."]
["A pretty young lady using a smart phone.", "A woman gazes at her phone while standing along a street.", "A woman in a coat using her cellphone in the city.", "A woman is looking down at her cell phone near a street.", "Woman stands in public and begins to touch her phone's screen. "]
["A group of people who are working at a table.", "A man is smiling at a table next to two women who are writing in a notebook.", "A group of people sitting around a table working on papers.", "Four people sit at a table and look at several mobile phones.", "Several people are sitting around a table having a business meeting."]
["Two girls at a school table using their calculator.", "A woman sitting at a table holding a smart phone.", "The Asian girls are using electronic devices at the worktable", "Teenagers are at a table with papers and phones.", "Two women and a desk both looking at their cell phones"]
["A man sits on a bench and talks on the phone.", "A person sitting on a bench on a city sidewalk, talking on a cell phone.", "A man sitting on the bench talking on his phone.", "A man sitting on a bench talking on a cell phone.", "The downtown area is busy with shoppers, some of whom rest on attractive  wrought-iron benches."]
["A woman in black dress and cardigan taking photograph with her camera.", "A girl taking a picture of herself with her thumb up in a mirror.", "a person standing in a door way with a cellular phone.", "A woman taking a selfie gives the thumbs up sign", "Young woman wearing black dress and red sweater gives approval while holding cell phone."]
["A few adolescents looking at their phones at a table. ", "A group of people on their cell phones.", "Several students play with their cell phones while sitting at a table. ", "At a classroom table, students are checking their cell phones.", "Several people sitting at a table with cell phones in their hands. "]
["A man taking a selfie between two mirrors", "A man with a goatee and glasses takes a selfie with his cell phone in a mirror. ", "A man with beard taking a photograph with a cellphone.", "A guy in a bathroom taking a self portrait of his self.", "A man taking of photo of himself in a mirror with a cell phone."]
["a couple of cell phones sitting on the counter", "Two cell phone sitting on a table beside each other.", "a brown wooden table and a silver cellphone and another device", "a cell phone and an electronic device ", "there is a mp3 player that is next to a cell phone"]
["A man smiles while holding his cell phone.", "A man uses his cell phone to take a picture of himself. ", "A man in a blue shirt using his cellphone to take a picture.", "a person taking a photo in a mirror", "A man holding a cell phone standing near a doorway."]
["Someone dressed in a costume pressing the buttons on the microwave .", "Person in costume pressing a button on microwave oven.", "a close up of a person in costume operating a microwave", "A person in a costume using a microwave oven.", "a person is using a microwave as it site on a table top"]
["A very pretty lady with a oven mitt in a kitchen.", "A woman with a oven mitt standing in a kitchen.", "A woman standing in a kitchen wearing an oven mitt.", "A woman stands in the kitchen wearing an oven mitt.", "A woman is in the kitchen wearing a kitchen mitt."]
["A man putting a pan inside of an oven with his bare hand.", "A man putting a pan in an oven to bake.", "A senior man bent over open oven and holding casserole dish.", "Man placing a white container into an oven. ", "a man sticking a dish in the oven to cook "]
["Large metallic appliances sitting next to each other in an outdoor kitchen.", "A line of appliances located in a barn with a hay floor", "Metallic kitchen appliances sitting in an outdoor storage area. ", "Commercial refrigerator and old stove in a barn", "An outdoor kitchen with a furnace and ice box."]
["A bunch of garbage is outside a black gate.", "A tall refrigerator freezer in front of an iron gate.", "A white cabinet with trash stacked up beside it on a street curb with buildings across the street.", "Garbage left outside of a gate across the street fro homes. ", "A freezer and garbage is sitting on a cement corner next to a black fence."]
["a brown and black tower with windows and a white clock ", "A large building with a pointy clock tower sticking out of it's side.", "A clock tower with windows against the sky", "A tower type building structure with a large clock and many windows in front of a cloudy blue sky.", "A windowed turret features a small clock on the top."]
["A neon sign with a clock on top of a building.", "The clock outside the Public Market Center reads about 10:07.", "Large red sign with clock that reads \"Public Market Center\"", "A white clock with red numbers on a building.", "a lite up sigh for the public market center and a clock"]
["A blender and other items on a counter. ", "A blender with cord on top of counter with small jar in place of proper pitcher and tupperware container along side of it.", "A blender sitting on a countertop with a jar over the blades ", "A RETRO FOOD CHOPPER IN A CORNER ON THE COUNTER ", "a blender and a bunch of junk are piled together"]
["Big clock  hangs on the front corner of a building", "Looking up at a wall clock, traffic light and street light", "A clock is on the wall of a building.", "A clock is on the side of a building near a telephone pole.", "An outdoor clock on a wall next to a streetlight."]
["A man standing in a kitchen holding a glass full of alcohol.", "a young man stands in a kitchen full of alcohol", "A man standing in a kitchen with several bottles on the counter.", "A man standing in a kitchen holding a drink next to a bunch of bottles.", "A man with a pony tail stands in a kitchen holding a drink."]
["A shelf with a clock, lamp and various books.", "A wooden table topped with four books and a clock also a lamp.", "A clock and some books are sitting next to a lamp.", "a desk with books a lamp and a clock", "A table has a clock, books, and a lamp on it."]
["A very cluttered area with several books and tools. ", "A clutter area with a books on a shelf.", "A messy workbench with a variety of tools.", "Wooden desk cluttered with junk with a clock overhead", "A variety of items sit on top of shelving."]
["A woman touching a pregnant woman's belly on a couch.", "a woman touching the belly of a very pregnant woman ", "A pregnant woman touching another pregnant woman's belly as they sit on a couch.", "Two pregnant women sitting beside each other on a couch while one touches the others' belly.", "A woman reaches out to touch a pregnant woman's stomach."]
["A clock tower in an open space with decorative plaques under the clock.", "A large red and white clock with a golden steeple erected outside.", "A clock tower with the sky as the background.", "A very tall red clock tower by the ocean.", "a tall clock tower with a sky in the background"]
["We are looking at an ornate old clock tower.", "A view of the Big Ben Clock which has Roman Numerals on it.", "A clock that is on the side of a tower.", "A building with two roman numeral clocks on it.", "The Big Ben clock tower towering over the city of london"]
["The clock tower is in the middle of the street", "a white buildings sitting between some more colorful buildings ", "A traffic circle with a white clcktower in the center.", "A clock tower sits in the middle of the street", "Several tall buildings on a street and one of them has a clock on it. "]
["The man poses while standing in front of two clock on the wall.", "this man is smiling in front of two clocks", "A bald male standing in front of two wall clocks.", "Man sitting in front of a wall with two clocks in front.", "A man standing in front of  two wall mounted clocks."]
["a young girl is holding a teddy bear ", "A girl with a pink dress holding a teddy bear. ", "A little girl with wavy hair and smile holding a teddy bear.", "A girl in a pink outfit holding a teddy bear.", "A young precocious girl clutching her teddy bear."]
["A large blue object that has stuffed animals inside of it.", "A bucket full of stuffed animals and beanie babies.", "There is a bin filled with stuffed animals.", "A bowl containing several stuffed animals and a turtle.", "A plethora of teddy bears in a  blue bucket"]
["Several small clocks are all connected with human-like ornaments. ", "A clock with different features and miniature people", "there are many clocks on a wall with small figures", "A fancy clock with several dials and moving figurines.", "A bunch of clocks and some pictures on a table of some sort."]
["A clock sitting in the middle of a parking lot.", "a clock on a pole next to parked cars ", "a little clock tower in front of some parked cars ", "There is a clock on a pole next to the ocean.", "The clock is black with gold lettering on it"]
["A tall clock tower and fountain with water next to palm trees and people taking a photo near the water.", "a few people walking under some kind of tower", "A tourist taking pictures of his family in front of a clock tower with palm trees on either side.", "A man taking a picture of his family in front of a tourist attraction ", "A tall tower like structure with a clock on it."]
["A clock sitting in a yard behind a fence.", "A large, novelty clock is behind a white fence.", "An Alice in Wonderland clock at a theme park ", "A large clock in a park garden behind a fence.", "A clock is sitting behind a short fence"]
["Delicate flowers are arranged in a green glass vase.", "A vase sitting on a table with flowers in it.", "a glass vase with some flowers coming out of it ", "This photo depicts a green vase with white blooms in it.", "Flowers in a green vase is sitting on top of a table."]
["A lush green field topped with lots of vases.", "A bunch of statues that are in the grass.", "A field that has several different vases in it.", "A big grassy field with a bunch of urns in it.", "a bunch of vases sitting in a circle "]
["A display of vases arranged by color on three shelves.", "a three tiered shelf with many different colors and sizes of vases on it", "There are many colorful vases on the shelves.", "A store with many different colored vases that are organized together. ", "A varied collection of glass bottle containers on three sleves"]
["Pot of different colored flowers on a wooden table.", "A vase of flowers on a table in a room", "A view of flowers inside a clear vase on a coffee table.", "A vase on a table filled with different colored roses.", "A vase of flowers is sitting on a table by a couch."]
["a blue vase with yellow flowers sits on a windowsill", "Yellow flowers in a blue vase by a window", "A blue vase filled with lots of yellow flowers.", "The blue vase has yellow flowers in it. ", "A vase with yellow flowers inside next to a window."]
["A picture of four yellow flowers in a glass vase sitting on a table.", "a nice yellow flower inside of a clear vase", "there are yellow flowers inside of a vase", "A large glass vase of many yellow flowers.", "Six yellow daffodils in a clear glass bowl"]
["An older woman looking directly into the camera while holding an open pair of scissors in front of her face.", "a close up of a person holding a pair of scissors", "A woman looking into the camera holding a pair of scissors.", "A lady cutting her eye brows with scissors.", "A woman uses a pair of scissors to trim her eyebrows."]
["There are crafts and craft supplies on a table", "Colorful cross stitch and crochet items with a pair of scissors.", "Some scissors sit on a table next to some pieces. ", "A pile of small cloth with images sewn in.", "A pair of scissors in a scissor caddy, under a lid from a sewing kit."]
["Stuffed bears sit in the window of a store.", "Teddy bears are arranged depicting a tea party.", "Three teddy bears in costume enjoy a tea party.", "Three stuffed teddy bears dressed in period clothing.", "Three teddy bears sitting next to each other having a cup of tea."]
["A window display of some animals dressed up.", "The dressed up stuffed bears are in the window.", "Three stuffed animals sitting in a window showcase", "3 stuffed animals standing and dressed like 3 wise men.", "A display case holding three stuffed animals dressed in decorative garb."]
["A person is helping a lady cut part of her shirt behind her neck. ", "A person is holding scissors, cutting a garment being worn by another person.", "A person using a scissors on a piece of clothing on another person. ", "A pair of scissors in a persons hands.", "A person using a pair of scissors to remove a tag from someone's shirt"]
["there is a barber cutting a small boys hair", "a person cutting a childs hair in a living room", "A young boy who is getting his hair cut.", "a young child sitting in a chair getting a haircut", "Asmsall boy sits in a chair getting his hair cut"]
["Three women smiling and eating some food in bowls.", "Three women who are eating something from a bowl.", "A group of hot women standing in front of a table.", "Three woman standing in front of a table. ", "A group of women standing outside with a snack."]
["Two ladies enjoying dessert at a roadside stand.", "Two women eat an orange substance from green bowls.", "Two woman eating food in a parking lot", "Two women standing outside and eating fruit out of small bowls.", "Two woman eating out of bowls while outside"]
["A plate with pancakes that have fruit on top and with a cup ", "A pancake covered in fruit sits on a plate next to a coffee mug.", "There is a plate with a small pancake covered in fruits with a coffee mug in the background.", "A white plate topped with a fruit covered pan cake.", "A pancake has a topping of mixed fresh fruit. "]
["A woman is holding a spoon in a blue bowl of food.", "A woman holding a blue bowl full of food.", "A woman holding up a bowl with something crumbled in it.", "A woman holds a spoon in a large bowl of food. ", "A woman with a bowl of food and seated"]
["The pancakes are topped with jelly and whipped cream. ", "some pancakes with whipped cream and buries lay on a plate ", "I am unable to see an image above.", "A stack of pancakes covered in blueberries and whip cream.", "A plate of pancakes topped with whipped creme and blueberries. "]
["a close up of a plate of food with vegetables", "A white plate that has a salad with dressing on it", "A fresh green salad with tomatoes and cheese", "The meal is prepared and ready to be eaten. ", "A salad with mixed vegetables in on a plate. "]
["Portion of eggs, bread, and vegetables sitting on a plate. ", "A plate of eggs, bread and avocado is shown with a fork on it.", "A breakfast of eggs, avocados and toast on a blue flowered plate.", "Eggs, bread, and avocados are on a plate.", "A plate filled with eggs, avocado and bread."]
["A wooden table topped with a pastry and a cup of coffee.", "A table with a glass of water, a croissant on a dish and a coffee cup.", "A plate of food and a mug on a table", "A pastry, cup of coffee, glass of water and a spoon.", "Breakfast entails a croissant, coffee, water and a spoon."]
["Plates of seafood on a table in small servings ", "A few plates with various entrees on them.", "some food is laying out on some dishes", "Two yellow plates and one white plate filled with food.", "A plate of food with small appetizers on it."]
["Man and two boys sitting in a corner booth of a restaurant.", "The people sit at a restaurant with food and drinks.", "Two boys and a man sit at a restaurant table", "A father and two sons sitting down at a table eating a meal.", "A man sits with two young boys at a table in a restaurant."]
["Some people are sitting around a table and sharing a meal.", "A group of people are gathered around a table eating a meal. ", "A group of people are eating a meal outside.", "a group of people are sitting at a table in the park having a picnic", "a bunch of people sits at a table "]
["A woman sitting at a table with plates and bowls of food.", "a woman sitting in a chair at a dining table in a restaurant", "A lady sitting at a table with several dishes of food on it.", "A woman eating with chopsticks in a restaurant", "A woman in a black tank top sits at a table that is covered with dishes of food."]
["A group of three people sitting at a table with food.", "Three people sit around a wooden table with hamburgers and toppings. ", "Two men and a woman are having a meal at a picnic table on a screened-in porch. ", "Three people seated at a round wooden table with food. ", "Three people sitting on a porch around a table."]
["A man eats as he sits at a table of appetizers.", "A man is sitting at a Japanese restaurant eating a variety of sushi.", "A man eating sushi at a table set for two.", "Man eating many Asian foods with chopsticks waiting for someone.", "A man eating with chopsticks in a Japanese restaurant."]
["A white plate holding a sandwich and a salad.", "A plate with a hamburger and a salad on it", "A plate has an open sandwich and salad.", "A meal consists of a burger and a salad.", "The cheese burger on the plate has a side of salad."]
["A metal counter top with a pan filled with food.", "A stainless table with a huge pot, a bowl of chopped vegetables and a plate of food. ", "A counter with a plate of food, a pot and a bowl of vegetables on it. ", "a silver slab with some plates of food on it", "A bowl with spoon, plate with vegetables and meat on a table"]
["A group of people sitting around a table.", "this is a group of people eating a meal", "a group of people sitting around a big restaurant table ", "A group of people sitting at a table that has food on it.", "The group of people are sitting together eating."]
["A large gathering of people is sitting around a wooden table.", "A group of people sitting around a wooden table.", "A large group of people sitting at tables.", "The group is gathered around the table to eat their meal. ", "A large group of people sitting around a table posing for a photo."]
["A group of people dining outside at a round table", "A group of adults sits together at an outdoors table.", "A group of people gathered around a table.", "Women and one man seated at a circular patio table.", "People are sitting around a table at a formal event."]
["A man standing next to a table holding a glass of wine.", "A man drinking a glass of wine in a wine store", "People with a wine glass in front of shelves of wine.", "The bald man with eyeglasses stands in front of a wine cabinet.", "A bald man with glasses holding a wine glass."]
["Four people gather around a table and smile for the picture.", "A group of Asian people sitting at a dinner table.", "Four people sit at a banquet table with nearly finished plates and glasses.", "Four people at a long table smile at the camera.", "Four people sitting at a table together. "]
["a bunch of people are standing together in a room", "A group of smiling people holding wine glasses.", "Several people standing in a group holding wine glasses in their hands.", "a group of people tasting wine in a large log cabin style restaurant.", "A bunch of happy looking people posing in a big room."]
["a woman standing with two wine glasses in her hands", "A woman with a scarf on holding up some wine glasses.", "A woman is holding on to two wine glasses. ", "Girl holding two glasses with wine in restaurant. ", "A woman holding two wine glasses, one in each of her hands."]
["A woman is seen holding up an empty wine glass.", "a lady holding a wine glass on the street", "A woman is posing with a glass of wine. ", "An indoor area has columns and glass cases with rows of wine, and to the foreground, a smiling woman with an outstretched hand, clasping a near-empty wineglass.", "A woman holding a wine glass smiling at camera"]
["A group of women sitting around a table eating food.", "a group of people sitting at a table eating supper", "A group of people sitting at a food covered dinner table eating.", "People are eating and drinking at a table with tea kettles hanging from the ceiling. ", "some people are sitting at a table with food and drinks"]
["Woman at wooden desk with a glass of finished wine in front", "A woman smiling while sitting at a table ", "A woman sits at a bar next to an empty glass of wine.", "A woman is sitting at a bar with a glass of wine.", "a woman sitting at a table with a glass of wine"]
["A woman sitting at a table with bottles of wine.", "A lady has beer bottle in front of her at a bar.", "a woman standing at a counter with a three bottles in front of her", "a lady that has some wine bottles near by", "woman opening bottles of wine on a tile countertop"]
["sliced meat and sliced vegetables arranged on a white plate next to a partially filled wine glass. ", "Chopped vegetables are sitting on a plate over a table", "A well presented meal on a table with a glass of wine in the background.", "A person sits at the table and food sits on the plate.", "This is an image of a meal with wine inside a home."]
["A group of people standing around a table with bottles of liquor.", "Males and females tasting several wines and beverages.", "a few people standing around a table full of wine tasting it\n", "People at a wine tasting with a table of wine bottles and glasses of red wine.", "A large group of people at a public wine tasting event."]
["A couple of men sitting at a table having dinner together.", "A man passing a plate of food to another man.", "Men enjoying sharing food at an American party ", "A group of people enjoying conversation and food at a social gathering.", "A smiling man with a moustache is handed a plate by another man standing at a table with holiday decorations.."]
["A man and woman standing over a table with wine.", "A man and woman eating and drinking outside.", "A man and woman standing around a table.", "Two people are standing around a table of wine bottles.", "this is a man and woman eating some barbecue"]
["a couple of men stand by a glass window ", "A group of men standing around a table near windows.", "a group of people standing next next to a table", "a couple of men standing up by some wine", "Three men are standing near a table with wine in a bucket."]
["Adults tasting wine while standing outdoors at winery.", "A man and woman drinking from wine glasses with interlocked arms.", "A woman drinking a glass of wine off of a mans shoulder.", "People are in a field drinking out of wine glasses. ", "A man with a black backpack drinking wine with a lady"]
["a man taking a nap on the bench in the middle of a park", "a man resting on a bench surrounde by shrubs and a tree", "a hairy man lying on a bench besides a bush", "A bearded man dressed in black asleep on a bench.", "A man laying on bench resting in a park."]
["two people standing in a strong snow storm", "Two people standing on skis in a snow storm.", "Two people are going hiking in the snow.", "Two men riding skis on top of a snow covered slope.", "Two skiers wearing backpacks in a snow storm."]
["A bowl in a sink and window in a room.", "A kitchen with orange walls and a sink filled up", "A kitchen sink full of clean dishes near a stove and window.", "Many pots and pans are piled in the kitchen sink.", "A kitchen with yellow walls and pots and pans piled in the sink."]
["A blue table sitting inside of a restaurant with a menu on top of it.", "a restaurant table with some menus and a dirty plate on it ", "A pamphlet sits open at an empty table.", "A kitchen that has a book on a table.", "a table with menus placed on it at a diner"]
["Two skiers trekking across the terrain in the snow", "A couple walks through snow with skiis and poles.", "Two people cross country skiing holding ski poles", "A couple of men skiing up the side of a ski slope.", "This is an image of two people walking in the snow."]
["A group of people walking near some skis.", "Several people are outside walking toward a row of skiis.", "A crowd of people standing around several pairs of skis ", "A ski resort with a line of skis stacked in the snow.", "A line of skis is parked outside the lodge, as skiers go in."]
["A man is smiling behind a large dog.", "A man standing in the grass with hid dog.", "a man standing in a yard with a dog", "A beige and black dog stares intently at something out of the frame of the photo while a smiling man looks on.", "A dog sitting in front of a camera, with a man."]
["a person riding skis in the middle of a snowy street", "A person skiing down a snowy city street.", "The person skis through the snow covered street. ", "There is a man is skiing down a street.", "A person cross country skiing in the street of a town in winter."]
["a number of people riding skis on a snowy surface", "A group of skiers travel across a large snowy hill.", "a long line of cross country skiers ski across a snow-covered mountain", "some people walking up a snowy hill with skis", "some snow skiers are going up a hill"]
["A person in front of a mirror with a toothbrush.", "A woman is brushing her teeth as she looks in the mirror.", "a woman with a tooth brush in her mouth stares into a mirror ", "A woman brushing her teeth while looking in the mirror.", "a girl looking in the mirror brushing her teeth"]
["A picture of a white gas range with figurines above.", "a white stove turned off with a digital clock", "A stove with the clock set at 11:59. There is a spice rack on the stove.", "a white stoves burners with a green timer and some decorations", "A stove top with an oven with clock next to it's control knob."]
["Multiple people playing with a soccer ball on the beach.", "People are playing volleyball on the beach beside the ocean.", "A group of boys playing soccer on the beach.", "A group of people are playing soccer on a beach.", "the men play soccer on the beach with no shoes"]
["A stove with a frying pan and a teapot on it.", "Small ray of sunshine coming into a small kitchen with pots on the stove. ", "a kitchen with a stove and a tea pot on top", "a kitchen stove with a fry pan and a tea kettle", "A tea kettle and skillet are sitting on a stove top"]
["Whatever is in the cup does not please this woman.", "A woman in a green sweater holding a cup. ", "A woman stands in the kitchen looking down at a cup she is holding.", "A woman standing in a kitchen holding a cup in her hand.", "A woman walking from a kitchen carrying a mug"]
["A man kiteboarding on top of waves in the ocean.", "A surfer wind surfing on the ocean with clear skies.", "A skier in the ocean with a wind kite", "Someone windsurfing with a blue sail on the ocean waves.", "A person in the ocean holding a kite like object in the air by a string."]
["A beach filled with people flying colorful kites", "many people on a beach flying kites next to a body of water", "Many people on a tropical beach flying kites.", "A large number of different kites being flown by people on a beach.", "A crowd of people flying kits on a beach next to the ocean."]
["A dark picture of a  very clean dark colored kitchen. ", "A silver refrigerator is in a dark kitchen.", "A kitchen with dark cabinets and stainless steel appliances. ", "A dark  kitchen with stainless steel appliances with black cabinets.", "A kitchen has a silver refrigerator and other dark appliances."]
["A shelving unit containing items next to a vegetable rack.", "A shelf containing various boxes, action figures and pens.", "The bookshelf is next to many bowls of fruit.", "A book shelf is shown with a variety of items on it.", "A counter with many different objects and pictures, next to fruit baskets. "]
["A kitchen filled with wooden cabinets and stools.", "A kitchen has marble counters, stainless appliances and a breakfast bar. ", "A kitchen has stainless steel appliances and an island.", "A kitchen, with oven, refrigerator, dishwasher, and bar with stools.", "A nice kitchen with wooden cabinets and granite countertops."]
["Elderly woman preparing beverages in modern kitchen of home.", "An elderly lady pours some cups of tea on a tray.", "there is a woman staring in the kitchen pouring tea", "A woman pouring coffee into cups on a counter.", "An older woman pouring tea in the kitchen."]
["Sparse narrow kitchen, used, but neat, all in white.", "A kitchen has a refrigerator, stove, and sink.", "This is the inside of a kitchen with a sink ", "A kitchen with white doors, white cabinets, white appliances and a steel sink", "A kitchen has a door, refrigerator, stove, sink, microwave, and dishwasher in it."]
["An oven in a kitchen with wooden floors and tiled walls. ", "a stove top oven with induction heating stove top", "A silver cooking range is in a kitchen beside a kettle and toaster.", "A stove top oven sitting inside of a kitchen.", "Flat top oven near tea pot on counter."]
["A kitchen with lots of bottles and glasses on top of it.", "A collection of empty wine bottles sits on a counter with empty wine glasses.", "A kitchen with many different electrical appliances and items on the counters.", "A kitchen counter with dirty dishes and empty wine bottles on it", "The kitchen counter above the dish washer has many bottles on it."]
["A woman standing in front of a counter with a plate of food.", "A woman standing in a kitchen preparing food.", "A woman in a kitchen arranging cookies on a plate.", "Woman working on counter near kitchen sink preparing a meal. ", "A woman organizes a plate of cookies and other foods. "]
["Man lounging on a boat giving a thumb up.", "A man who is laying on a boat giving a thumbs up.", "A man in black jacket laying at the bow of a boat.", "A man sitting outside on a boat posing for a picture.", "A person lays on the edge of a boat."]
["A cook slices up food while preparing a dish.", "Split screen pictures. One with man using a cutting board. The other contains a cabinet with glass door displaying bottles.", "A man preparing food on a wooden cutting board.", "A man cutting food on a cutting board in a kitchen.", "a person preparing food on a table "]
["A kitchen filled with clutter all over it's counter.", " A kitchen is cluttered with cooking supplies, especially eggs", "a kitchen with a stove and counter tops and shelves filled with food.", "A large variety of food spread out on a counter.", "A kitchen counter is stacked up with food from the store."]
["Lady working in a kitchen while man sits at table watching TV.", "A woman sitting next to a stove top oven.", "A kitchen room with a lady by the refrigerator and a man seated at a table.", "A man watches TV while a woman tends to the kitchen.", "A man and a woman in a very small kitchen together."]
["Two cups of black coffee sitting next to a coffee pot. ", "two small cups filled with coffee next to a silver coffee pot", "Two cups of coffee are on a table by an italian coffee maker.", "Two cups of coffee are on a table next to a coffee maker.", "Tow cups of coffee are presented in front of a vintage single cup coffee maker."]
["A bike parked next to a cat leaning up against a stone wall.", "A bike is parked outside of a building", "an image of a bike parked next to a cat ", "A bicycle set up again a fence with a cat nearby", "A bicycle is parked outside of a stone building with a cat lying next to it."]
["A very cute cat laying by a big bike.", "A cat that is laying on a carpet under a bike.", "A cute kitten on a rug lies beneath a bike. ", "a small kitten laying dow on a carpet next to a bicycle that is parked in the house.", "a small kitten lays down underneath a bike "]
["a black and white cat a chair and some bicycles", "A cat lays next to a bike in the back yard.", "A cat that is laying on some dirt outside.", "a white cat is laying down on the ground", "The cat was white and brown  and was going to sleep"]
["The bathroom sink and vanity is a little messy. ", "Image of a bathroom showing the vanity and sink area.", "A bathroom with a sink, mirror, and a bath tub.", "A modern bathroom with a large mirror and sink.", "A black and white bathroom sink with mirror and bathtub."]
["A bathroom with a toilet, sink and bathtub.", "a bathroom with a toilet a sink and a mirror", "The bathroom in the home is clean and ready. ", "A bathroom with a large tub layered in small green tile.", "A bathroom with a toilet, sink, mirror, tub and window."]
["A back pack by itself next to a backpack with beer, fruit and snacks.", "Two views of a bag in a chair with other objects are shown.", "Two photographs of a bag on couch with one showing its contents.", "A picture of a backpack and all that was in it in the bottom picture. ", "A backpack in an old chair beside various items."]
["A close up of several pikes locked on a gate.", "A row of bicycles parked at a bicycle rack.", "A row of bikes parked next to a fence.", "A long line of bike racks next to a city street.", "An assortment of colorful bicycles are on the rack near the road."]
["A dog being washed in a tub, with a sad look on its face.", "A person washing a dog in a bathtub.", "A dog is getting a bath in a tub.", "a sad looking dog getting a bath in a sink", "A wet dog being giving a bath by it's owners."]
["A bike mounted to a wall next to a tall pole.", "Two bicycles hanging from the branches of a tree.", "This tree serves as a perfectly good bike rack", "A couple of mikes hanging from a tree.", "Three bicycles are hanging from a tree next to a building."]
["Bikes are shown lining the roads and the rails.", " massive amount of bikes are lined up at a center.", "A massive number of bicycles are parked unattended on a platform.", "A group of bicycles that are sitting on the road.", "A bunch of bikes parked in a two story parking building. "]
["A white sink sitting under a mirror in a bathroom.", "A white sink and shower in a room.", "A fish eye view of part of a bathroom", "part of a bathroom with a small shower and a pedestal sink.", " A fish eye look at a recently fixed up bath."]
["A large sink next to a kitchen in a hotel room.", "A motel room layout includes a garden tub in an open area.", "A hotel room with a white bed and tub.", "A hotel room with a separate bathroom area containing a bathtub", "Nice bathroom has a large white bath tub"]
["A series of photos showing different restroom items.", "a toilet sits on a tiled floor next to a sink ", "A collage of pictures of a bathroom sink an faucet. ", "A collage of a bathroom's counter, sink, toilet paper and toilet.", "commerical bathroom sinks,sensor toilet and two rolls of toilet paper"]
["A bathroom with a brown shower curtain and white toilet ", "A bathroom with a toilet and shower with a brown shower curtain.", "Shades of coffee combined with white create a subtly sophisticated bathroom.", "A clean and modern bathroom with mirror, toilet, and bathtub", "The bathroom has white modern fixtures and a brown floor."]
["A small bathroom with a white toilet sitting next to a sink.", "The bathroom has a toilet, sink, and cupboard.", "Bathroom scene with white background and tan accents.", "A TILED RESTROOM WITH NO TOILET PAPER ON THE HOLDER", "A bathroom with a large outwards protruding sink."]
["A bike parked on top of a green grass covered field.", "A bicycle in an open field next to a lake.", "a bike parked in the grass next to the water", "a bicycle in green grass next to water", "A bicycle in the grass near a body of water. "]
["A bathroom with sinks, a toilet and a mirror.", "A couple of sinks and a toilet in a room.", "A white toilet sitting inside of a bathroom next to a sink.", "There is a toilet and a sink in a bathroom.", "A bathroom is shown with a toilet, sink and a mirror. "]
["A bathroom with towels draped of the curtain rod ", "A bathroom area with toilet, sink and standup shower.", "A bathroom with a shower, small sink and toilet.", "A small bathroom with white towels hung around the shower stall and a white towel on the floor. ", "A white toilet sitting next to a bath tub."]
["A bathroom area with sink, mirror and various toiletries.", "A bathroom with a sink, cups, soap dish  and a mirror. ", "A small bathroom with a sink and toilet.", "A sink with soap and cups on it.", "A sink sitting in the middle of a bunch of clutter."]
["a bathroom with a big shower and counter", "a large bathroom with a see through shower.", "A bathroom with tan tiled floors and a glass shower.", "A clean white toilet and bathtub placed on a bathroom.", "There is a bathtub and a toilet in the bathroom."]
["Inside of a bathroom with an incomplete toilet and bathtub.", "A view of the bathroom with the toilet on the left and the edge of the bathtub and curtain visible. ", "this bathroom is all white and has a white toilet and a tub", "The blue shower curtains are inside of the bathtub next to the toilet. ", "a toilet a tub  some pipes and a window"]
["a lit up counter with two fancy sinks on it", "Bowl shaped sinks perch on top of a counter that is lit from below.", "A bathrooms with lighted mirrors and lighted counter tops.", "Two sinks sit on the vanity in the bathroom.", "A tranquil glow from a modern counter illuminates the bathroom fixtures."]
["A couple of bicycles sitting in a large garden.", "two bikes sitting on a walkway next to some trees ", "Two bicycles are parked in this sun filled garden.", "The bicycles are parked in the lovely garden.", "a big garden full of plants and some bikes"]
["A man taking a selfie in a bathroom mirror.", "Person in black shirt taking a photograph with camera in bathroom.", "Young man using binoculars to look at himself in a bathroom mirror.", "A person is taking a photo of themself in a bathroom mirror. ", "a person that is taking a picture in a mirror"]
["A man on bicycle carrying bunches of bananas through street.", "A man on a bicycle transporting many branches of green bananas", "Two men ride a bicycle contraption with a big load of bananas. ", "The Asian banana peddlars carry  produce on their bicycles.", "A man riding a bike with bananas on a street."]
["Car waits as person on bike crosses the road", "A four lane street in the suburbs ", "A bicyclist crossing the street as a car waits to turn.", "A man with a backpack riding a bicycle by a traffic light.", "A full view of a suburban city with people. "]
["A white toilet with a box of tissues on it's tank.", "A bath room with a toilet and a paisley shower curtain.", "A bathroom with a toilet and a floral shower curtain.", "A bathroom with a toilet and a bathtub and shower next to it, with a shower curtain covering the bathtub.", "The only colorful thing in this bathroom is a box of tissue."]
["a bath room with two sinks a large mirror a bath tub", "A panoramic picture of a bathroom with two sinks", "A panorama shot of a bathroom with a sink, tub and mirror.", "The large bathroom in the panaramic view has two sinks, a bathtub, and a shower stall.", "A bathroom that has a shower, a tub, and two sinks."]
["A bike parked on a grass field next to a river.", "A bike is standing in the grass next to a trail that runs beside a river that has a bridge crossing it in the background", "A lone bicycle next to a bike path near the water.", "A lone bike sits parked beside the bike path that runs alongside the river. ", "A bike parked in the grass by a trail."]
["a girl that is taking a picture in the mirror", "A woman taking a picture of herself with a camera.", "this woman is taking a picture of herself in the mirror", "A woman taking a picture of herself in a mirror.", "a female standing in the bathroom and taking a photo with her phone"]
["a tiled bathroom with a toilet and bathtub inside of it ", "A bathroom with a toilet and a tub with a stripped shower curtain.", "A shower with a white and red shower cover.", "A white toilet sitting next to a bath tub.", "A bathroom with a toilet and a striped shower curtain."]
["a toilet sits in front of a bath tub", "An empty bathroom with the toilet seat up. ", "A very clean and sanitary bathroom in someones house.", "A bathroom with a shower and a shower curtain.", "A white bathroom with a toilet with a raised lid. "]
["A bathroom door is open showing a shower with the shower curtain mostly open.", "An open shower curtain in a small bathroom.", "A small bathroom has a toilet and bathtub", "A white bath tub sitting next to a white toilet.", "a bathroom that has  a tub and a curtain in it"]
["A cat is sitting on a white toilet.", "A cat sitting on a toilet with the lid closed.", "Black and white photograph of a cat on a toilet.", "A black and white photo of a small cat sitting on a toilet.", "A tabby cat sitting on the toilet in a bathroom."]
["A bathroom with a tiled floor and a sink.", "A bathroom has a sink, toilet, and bathtub in it.", "A bathroom with a sink, toilet, and bath tub", "A bathroom with tiled walls is being re-modeled.", "A look into a bathroom that has a blue and white floor."]
["A stop sign at an intersection, with Hammer time and a person's picture displayed on the sign ", "a stop sign that says hammer time underneath stop ", "A stop sign with the words Hammer time below it.", "A red stop sign sitting next to two tall buildings.", "A red stop sign near two large buildings."]
["A bathroom with a frame on wall and sink", "A white sink and mirror stands near a red wall with a small window in it.", "A television screen is mounted in the wall of the bathroom.", "A white counter with a sink next to a wooden wall ", "A small window in a wood walled bathroom"]
["Two cats in a vehicle with one laying in the dashboard and one perched looking out the side window.", "One cat inside a car and other on top of it,", "A cat inside a truck and a cat sitting on top of a truck.", "A brown car with two cats inside of it", "Two white cats watching out the window of a car."]
["A cat sitting on the back of a car seat.", "The cat is looking over the car seat.", "A cat looking inquisitively over the top of a car seat.", "A black cat laying down on a car seat.", "A grey cat leans over the back seat of a car."]
["The cat is laying under a vehicle on the pavement. ", "a cat that is laying under a car", "a black and white cat and a silver car", "a kitty laying under neath of a car", "The cat is resting on the road below the car."]
["A cat sitting on the dashboard of a car.", "The black and white cat is sitting on the dashboard of the car. ", "A cat yawns on the dashboard of a car.  ", "Grey cat on dashboard of moving car on highway.", "a black and white cat in a car and some trees"]
["a close up of a cat in the back of a car ", "A cat is laying in the back of a car with its mouth open.", "A cat laying on top back seat of a car window.", "a grey cat sitting on the back seat and growling ", "Kathy owning while on top seat in the car"]
["The cat is looking out of the car window. ", "A cat sitting in the passenger seat of a car making a face in the window.", "A grey cat with a white chest squints out a car window and smiles.", "A cat in a car, meowing, while looking out the window.", "A cat holding it's mouth open next to a car door window."]
["A red bus parked next to a crowd of people.", "A view from a bus shows people on bicycles and another bus in traffic.", "a bus with a view of a lot of traffic and the back of another bus with a billboard on the back end", "there is a red bus that has a mans face on it", "A driver sits in a traffic jam on a busy street."]
["A man riding on the back of a motorcycle down a street.", "a man riding a black motor bike in back of a red car", "a motor cycle rider passing a red car", "a man on a motorcyle driving to the right of a car", "A motorcycle riding on the side of a car on the road."]
["There are many cars parked next to the ship.", "a number of cars on a street near a train", "A large ship docked and many cars are surrounding it.", "A number of cars lined up near a ferry.", "A group of cars parked next to a large boat in the water. "]
["A man looking over his glasses with a tie and suspenders on. ", "a elderly man in a white collard shirt, sunglasses and a tie", "An old man wearing glasses is looking at the camera. ", "An elderly man has glasses, a tie and suspenders.", "A man wearing suspenders and glasses sits on a bench"]
["A large amount of motorcycles are parked by a sidewalk.", "A woman glances at a lot of motor scooters.", "A woman standing next to a large group of parked motorcycles.", "A woman standing by a lot of mopeds parked in a lot ", "Woman looking at lot that is filled with motorcycles"]
["A woman with red hair sitting on a bench.", "a woman with red hair is sitting on a brown bench", "red haired woman sitting alone on a bench", "The woman sat all by herself on the bench. ", "A woman sitting on top of a wooden bench."]
["Doorway view into bathroom area with sink, toilet and tub.", "A bathroom with vanity with sink, toilet and tub.", "A bathroom is shown with a bag on the counter.", "A picture of a old but clean bathroom. ", "A bathroom with a plastic bag on the counter."]
["A small kitten is lying on the seat of a large motorcycle.", "a cat sitting on a motorcycle next to a sidewalk.", "Two men sitting behind a pair of motorcycles.", "A bunch of bike-related parts outside some cafe.", "The man are sitting outside looking at the bikes. "]
["A cat sleeping on a grey tarp on top of a car.", "A kitten laying on top of a tarp while two men are in the background.", "Big cat sits atop a car while two men dine at a restaurant.", "A cat lays on a tarp covering a vehicle in front of a restaurant.", "A cat is lying on a tarp that covers a vehicle."]
["Photo of a uninstalled toilet on a towel and a drop cloth with buckets and bags.", "This is a space in the process of being made into an apartment", "an uninstalled toilet sitting in the hallway next to construction items", "a white uninstalled toilet on a brown sheet ", "A toilet bowl sitting on a cloth next to a wall near some bags and buckets."]
["A metal toilet with a blue seat in a bathroom.", "an image of a half bathroom in a train", "The industrial looking toilet room on a boat", "A simplistic industrial restroom with all one's necessities. ", "This is a bathroom with a metal toilet and sink."]
["Black and white photograph of a cat on a toilet seat.", "A black cat sitting on top of a toilet bowl seat cover.", "a black cat sits on a toilet seat, looking at the camera", "A black cat is sitting on the rug covered lid of a toilet bowl.", "A cat sits on a toilet seat in a washroom."]
["A white toilet sitting under a bathroom sink.", "a small bathroom with a toilet and a urinal ", "A bathroom is shown with a small sink to wash hands.", "A handicapped equipped bathroom that has a toilet and sink mounted to the wall.", "a small bathroom with a toilet and handwasher"]
["a man wearing a helmet sits on a motorcycle", "a man sitting on a motorcycle with a helmet on", "A man on a motorcycle wearing safety gear.", "A motorcyclist wearing proper riding gear is smiling for the camera.", "A man wearing sunglasses and protective gear rides his motorcycle."]
["The top of a brick clock tower surrounded by birds.", "A flock of birds is seen flying around a clock tower.", "A large stone building with birds flying around it", "A tall clock tower with birds flying around it.", "Many small birds are flying around a clock tower."]
["A variety of old motorcycles on display in a shop", "The display of products for sale at a motorcycle shop.", "A group of motorcycles parked next to each other.", "Several older motorcycles on display with a sign.", "This photo shows three motorcycles on display in a building."]
["A grey and white cart laying on table with sunglasses on.", "A cat laying on a table while someone holds a pair of novelty eye glasses on its face.", "A cat with glasses that have eyes as shades.", "Someone holds a pair of joke glasses to the cat's face.", "A cat laying on a surface with a  person holding up gag glasses to its face."]
["four white urinals against a green wall with lines", "A picture of a lot of urinels together.", "A row of urinals mounted to a green wall.", "Four unseperated urinals in a gree public bathroom", "White urinals lined up next to each other on a green wall. "]
["A motorcycle sitting parked on the side of a road.", "A motorcycle parked along a road near water tanks.", "A motorcycle parked on the side of the road.", "a black motorcycle parked on the grass next to some silos ", "A motorcycle parked on the side of a road."]
["A man on a motorcycle riding in the desert.", "A man in a helmet and jacket riding a motorcycle in the desert.", "a man sitting on a motorcycle in the desert", "a guy in the desert  sitting on his motorcycle", "Old photo of man sitting on his motorcycle"]
["A toilet bowl with buttons on the toilet seat", "this is the porcelain toilet of the future perhaps, ", "The large electronic toilet looks like it is modern.", "The white toilet has some sort of controller attached to an arm.", "a close up of a toilet with digital controls"]
["A very tall building with a clock mounted to it's side.", "Someone took a picture of a building from the street", "a big building that has a large clock at the top", "A cathedral building with a clock on it ", "A building with three steeples and a clock in the center."]
["A group of motorcycles parked side by side in front of a donuts shop.", "A row of motorcycles are parked across the street from a donut shop.", "Five motorcycles are parked outside of a Dunkin' Donuts. ", "A row of parked motorcycles outside a store.", "Old fashioned motorcycles parked in front of a doughnut shop."]
["A white bowl filled with veggies and two lemon wedgies.", "The meal is in the bowl ready to be eaten.", "a couple of lemon slices on some greens", "The bowl has broccoli, celery, and lemon slices in it. ", "A bowl with vegetables and lemons in it."]
["A building with a clock on the front and other buildings in front of it.", "A tower with a clock and weather vein.", "A large church type steeple with a clock surrounded by blue skies.", "A large brick clock tower with a clock on it's side.", "A tower of a building has a weathervane and a clock."]
["A person standing next to a couple of motor bikes.", "A man standing next to two motorcycles on a grass field.", "A man standing next to two motorcycles parked near a beach.", "A man posing with two motorcycles in a parking lot near a beach", "A guy standing by a couple of very nice motorcycles."]
["a line of cars with a motorcycle in front", "A bike is posed in front of an old car.", "A red motorcycle parked in front of a parked car.", "Motorcycle parked on roadway with other vehicles nearby.", "The motorcycle is parallel parked sideways in front of cars."]
["A face car driving past a parked motorcycle.", "A small blue race car passing by a motorcycle", "A CAR IS DRIVING DOWN A STREET WITH A MOTOCYCLE NEAR IT", "A picture taken by a person on a motorcycle on the road, with a race car behind it, and a rocky terrain in the background.", "a sportscars with a number on the side driving past a motorcycle"]
["Three men sitting on motorcycles on a sidewalk.", "A street scene with people and four motorcycles.", "Group of men in a market with motorcycles", "Three foreign men sitting beside a t-shirt stand looking at motorcycles.", "some motorcycles are parked in a row and some men"]
["The adjacent computer screens near the keyboard show different displays.", "Two computer monitors sit on a desk with one keyboard.", "A variety of computer equipment on a desk.", "a keyboard is sitting on a desk, with two monitors elevated above it.", "A computer arrangement of two monitors, a camera, key board and mouse on a desk."]
["Three computer screens showing a panoramic beach scene.", "Three computer screens at a desk show a panoramic view of the ocean.", "A desk with multiple computer screens forming one large screen.", "A computer desk with a triple monitor computer setup.", " There are three tvs with a keyboard in front of it"]
["A black cat standing over a glass bowl.", "A black and white cat sitting on top of a table.", "A cat sitting in front of his food bowl looking at the camera.", "A black and white defensively looking up by its bowl.", "A black and white cat eating from a ceramic bowl."]
["A group of people sitting on motor bikes on a street.", "some men sitting on motorcycles and a window", "a bunch of bikers are sitting next to each other", "Three people on motorcycles parked near a wall.", "Some people on motorcycles by a big wall."]
["Two NYPD motorcycles parked along a city street.", "Two police motorcycles are parked outside a brick building.", "Two NYPD motorcycles are parked in front of a building.", "Two NYPD motorcycles are parked at the curb.", "Two NYPD motorcycles parked on the street in front of a brick building."]
["A vase filled with white flowers on top of a table.", "A small glass vase holding some white petaled flowers.", "A boquet of flowers placed in a glass vase of water sitting on a table.", "Flowers on a desk in a glass of water.", "some white flowers are in a glass vase"]
["a table top with some laptops on it ", "a desk by a window the a few computers on it", "Laptop and two computer screens on a desk overlooking a snowy yard", "a laptop and two monitors sitting next to a window ", "a desk that has some computer screens on it"]
["a desk with a monitor and keyboard and mouse", "An office in a high rise building overlooking the city.", "a small area with a table and chair computer with a nice view out the window", "a disk with a computer sitting by two windows with a view", "A corner office with a desk facing two windows with very nice overlooking views of a river and a city."]
["A computer keyboard next to a mouse and remote control sitting on top of a table.", "There is a keyboard, mouse, and remote, on a conference table", "A very clean shiny desk near a window", "A black and white image of a glossy table with a keyboard, mouse, and remote on it. ", "A desk that has some items on it."]
["A wooden desk with a laptop computer and a desktop computer that are both open.", "The laptop on the computer desk is next to another monitor.", "A workspace with a laptop computer and desktop computer.", "A laptop that is next to a desktop on a desk.", "A white laptop and computer on a desk"]
["A ceramic bowl full of a variety of fresh fruit", "A bowl of fruit sitting on a table cloth.", "A still-life image of fruits in a bowl on a table", "A large bowl full of various types of fruit. ", "a table that has a bowl of fruit on it"]
["A desk that has two computer monitors on it.", "A look at a person's workstation while they are away.", "a desk with four monitors a keyboard and one laptop", "A office si littered with computer equip ment", "a couple of computers that are on a desk"]
["A man is sitting on his motorcycle and ready to go. ", "a man in a helmet riding a motorcycle on a rural road", "a motorcycle rider a road and some rocks ", "A man riding on the back of a motorcycle down a street.", "A person on a motorcycle on the highway with rocky structures in the background."]
["Two people standing beside a motorcycle are kissing.", "a guy and girl kissing while standing by a bike", "A couple of people standing behind a parked motorcycle.", "A couple kissing passionately with sun rising on landscape", "Two people are kissing beside a motorcycle in the hills"]
["A young man crossing a street next to bikers.", "Man wearing flip flops walking down the street.", "A young man crossing the street in front of motorcycles", "A man walking while three motorcycles drive by.", "A man in flip-flops walks in the foreground and people on motor bikes ride in the background in a city."]
["A parked motorcycle sitting on the side of the road.", "There is a motorcycle parked on the side of the road.", "A motorcycle parked on the side of a desert road.", "The motorcycle is on the side of a winding country road.", "A motorcycle is parked on the side of a road."]
["A motorcycle parked outside in a parking lot near the beach.", "A motorcycle is parked on a road by a beach.", "A cross country motorcyce on a dirt road.", "A classic motorcycle against a rustic ocean background.", "A black motorcycle parked in the dirt by the beach"]
["A large orange sitting on a glass plate.", "A close up of a orange on a plate", "An orange is shining on a white plate.", "A ripe orange sitting on a light blue plate.", "a photo of a orange from above looking down on it sitting on a swirled background."]
["A motorcycle is parked on the beach near the ocean.", "A motorcycle parked on a beach at sun set", "a motorccle parked on a beach near a body of water ", "A motorcycle on the shore of the ocean near rock", "A motorcycle parked at the beach next to a rock."]
["A christmas wreath is hanging from the door", "A wreath with a red bow on it hanging on a white door.", "A green Christmas wreath hanging from the front of a door.", "A wreath with red and green, and solid red fabric hanging from a door.", "A Christmas wreath covered in red bows fastened to a door."]
["A man on a motorbike with a side car.", "A man riding a motorcycle that has a side car near a fence.", "A man riding a red motorcycle with a red side car.", "a person riding a motorcycle with a passenger seat ", "A man with a helmet on motorcycle with a sidecar and a woman standing behind him."]
["The two cyclists are going down the country road.", "A pair of people sitting on motorcycles in the middle of a road.", "Two men on motorcycles, but only one has a helmet on", "two people on motorcycles are leaving down an empty highway", "two people sit parked next to each other on motorcycles "]
["An open door and a cat inside a house.", "A cat walking away from a door onto carpet", "The cat walked through the doorway to enter the house.", "A cat walking through a doorway as a person watches.", "Cat walking away from the opened door towards the dark room"]
["A man riding a motorcycle across a sandy beach.", "A man on a motorcycle on a street ", "a motorcyclist rides a motorcycle past an empty landscape", "There is a picture of a person riding a Yamaha motorcycle.", "A person with a helmet is driving a fast Yamaha motorcycle."]
["A living room with a large tv and pictures all around.", "A flat screen TV sitting next to a fireplace in a living room.", "A large scree TV sits in the corner of a family room.", "A television playing in the corner of a living room beside a fireplace arranged with family photos and paintings.", "a large television set next to stone fireplace in a living room"]
["a couple of chairs and beds in a room", "A large bedroom with well-made beds sits empty. ", "Neatly made beds sit in an empty room with other assorted furnishings. ", "hotel room with two beds and a large window", "The hotel room had beds, a television and a dining table and chairs."]
["A bedroom suite with tile flooring and two lamos", "a bedroom with a large bed and a big mirror above it", "A bed in a bedroom with a wicker desk and a TV.", "a bed room with a neatly made bed with a tv and a large mirror", "A low lit bedroom with bed, mirror and television."]
["A computer desk topped with a desktop computer and a scanner.", "A room that has different type of computers on a desk.", "Computers and televisions sit in a row on an office desk.", "A desk with a keyboard, monitor, scanner and laptop.", "a desk with two computers and laptop on top"]
["A desktop computer in a kitchen with a lamp next to it.", "A modern computer desk with computer and accessories.", "A computer sits atop a computer desk with a coffee cup.", "A office desk in room with multiple items on it", "A computer desk holding a computer monitor, a keyboard and a cup of coffee."]
["A person is watching two basketball games at once.", "Two computer monitors with a view of a basketball game in progress.", "A basketball game is shown on a computer monitor.", "A basketball game is being played on the television set.", "A lap top is portraying an identical screen to that of a tv."]
["A picture of a green airplane with propellers. ", "A plane with a person is flying to the left. ", "Small tan military plane being piloted through the air.", "a fighter jet with a bulls eye painted on it", "A single propeller silver airplane in the sky."]
["An airplane can be seen flying through cloudy skies.", "An airplane flying through a blue cloudy sky.", "An airplane makes a dive under cloudy skies.", "An antique war plane flying in a cloudy sky.", "The old style airplane is flying on a cloudy day."]
["Airplane with vapor trails from other aircraft flying above", "Vintage WW2 fighter plane flying below modern jet.", "A sky showing airplane smoke trails with a bird in the foreground ", "An airplane flying below another one that is emitting a white stream.", "A plane is flying while a jet soars in the distance."]
["A plane with people watching it and people near it. ", "A group of people that are standing near a large plane.", "People look on as an Air Force plane is unloading. ", "This is a picture if a air craft in the snow", "A very big military plane parked in the snow."]
["a large air plane on a snowy surface with a sky background", "A plane that is in the snow with some people.", "An airplane has landed in a snowy region and maintenance are surrounding the smoking giant.", "A plane sits in a snowy field, releasing smoke. ", "A large cargo plate sitting on top of a snow covered field."]
["A large air plane smoking and parked in the snow . ", "there is a very large plane that is landed in the snow", "The airplane is about ready to take off on the runway. ", "A gray plane is on the snow as a red truck is near it.", "An airplane with smoke coming out of it. "]
["A plane flies high in the middle of a dark sky.", "A distant airplane flying high up in the sky.", "An airplane is flying low in a cloudy sky.", "a large jet airplane high in the sky", "A airplane that is in the sky near clouds."]
["A sign in front of an airplane warning of no smoking.", "A sign in front of the airplane warns that tobacco is not allowed in the area.", "A World War Airplane sitting in an airport museum.", "People walk amongst the planes in the outdoor museum.", "Yellow propeller airplane sitting on the runway by itself. "]
["A plane is flying above the airport terminal", "A large passenger jet flying over an airport.", "A plane is standing on the tarmac and another is taking off in this view from the terminal windows.", "a view of an ascending plane through an airport window.", "an image of a plane taking off from an airport"]
["A small white airplane high up in the sky.", "A Continental Airlines plane flying through the sky.", "An Air Plane is flying high in the air. ", "A small plane flying through a blue sky.", "A small plane is flying in the air.  "]
["A room with lots of seats next to an entrance.", "a bunch of chairs sitting around in a terminal ", "There are neon yellow chairs in an airport terminal.", "Empty transparent yellow chairs await at an airport lobby.", "An empty airport lobby with a tv and yellow chairs."]
["cars that are stopped at a traffic light", "The cars are stopped at a red light. ", "a couple of cars are driving down the street", "Cars are stopped at a traffic light during sunset.", "Some cars are at an intersection with stop lights."]
["A number of benches at the beach and a boat in the sea", "A park next to the ocean with people sitting at a table ", "Two people sitting on a bench in a green field next to a body of water.", "People sitting outside in a grassy area. ", "A couple of people sitting on a bench in the middle of a lush green field."]
["A young child and an old women on a bench.", "A black and white photo of an old woman with her granddaughter. ", "A couple of people sitting on a wooden bench.", "a vintage photo of some people sitting on a bench ", "there us a woman and a young child sitting on a bench"]
["A picture of some people about to board a plane.", "an air plane on an air port run way", "A LINE OF PEOPLE ENTERING AN  AIRPLANE ON THE TARMAC", "A crowd of people standing on top of an airport.", "A line of people waiting to board a jumbo jet."]
["A couple of sheep grazing on the side of a road.", "A number of sheep graze nonchalantly in the easement by the city street.", "A couple of sheep eating grass in a neighborhood. ", "Three sheep are grazing on the city sidewalk.", "A few sheep graze near a sidewalk of houses."]
["Traffic lights and people walking as other on a crane continue with their work", "A group of people crossing on a street under traffic lights.", "A crowd of people crossing across a street.", "people walking on a street with a traffic light above", "People walking outside crossing through a street at crosswalk"]
["two giraffes in  field near some trees ", "a giraffe standing next to a tree with one with it's leg in the air", "two giraffes standing in a straw field next to shrubbery.", "One giraffe is standing erect while the other is contorted in a strange position.", "One giraffe hides behind a tree as another giraffe relaxes in some brush."]
["Two fighter jets flying through a blue sky.", "Two painted blue and yellow jets approach one another in mid-air.", "Two blue angels pilots almost hit each other in flight.", "Two blue planes flying next to each other in a blue sky.", "Two yellow and blue fighter jets flying close to each other."]
["A squadron of fighter jets flying in formation in a blue sky.", "Four fighter jets flying really close to each other.", "A group of trick planes flying in sequence in the sky.", "four blue and yellow planes flying through the air in sync with each other.", "Four blue jets with yellow painted on top are flying together. "]
["This photo has a blurry background but you can see some nice wooden benches in the foreground.", "A view of a train passing by, at high speed.", "A TRAIN PASSING BY VERY FAST ON THE TRAIN TRACKS ", "The light was a yellowish color and bright", "an empty public bench next to a subway train at night."]
["An intersection that is close to a clock tower.", "The Big Ben clock tower towering over a traffic light.", "a tower with a clock on it in front of a street light", "A clock tower extends into the sky in a city", "a very tall tower with a big clock in the middle of it "]
["stuffed animals are sitting together in a street corner", "a number of stuffed animals on a street corner near a pole ", "A street post on a corner with stuffed animals near it", "a couple of stuffed animals sits on a street corner ", "A bunch of stuffed animals that are by a pole."]
["a bunch of sheep are walking on the road", "a person on a vehicle with many sheeps on a road ", "The sheep are on packed tightly on the paved road, herded the traditional way, with a sheep dog, and the modern way, with an motorized vehicle.", "A vehicle driving towards a herd of sheep.", "A herd of sheep that are crossing the street."]
["A rams head is on a multi-colored shelf.", "A toy sheep with big horn sitting on a colorful shaded chair", "A sheep head is sitting on a small cart.", "A sheep head sitting on top of a chair with long horns.", "This sheep looks silly with this his head stuck in that sign."]
["A silver airplane flying low in the sky. ", "A Ford Tri-Motor airplane comes in for a landing.", "a large air plane flying with trees in the background ", "a large plane is flying in the sky", "a big propeller plan flying through the air "]
["A couple of airplanes sitting on top of an airport.", "there is a small plane next to another plane", "a blue and white airplane is next to a silver plane", "An airplane parked on the runway outside an airport.", "A blue and white airplane with a silver plane in foreground."]
["Giraffes standing next to zebras on a lush green field.", "Giraffes, zebra, and antelope walk around a grassy area. ", "A group of giraffes walking next to each other by zebras.", "Three giraffes on the grass, near a zebra and a deer.", "Three giraffes huddled together watching a zebra and gazelle."]
["A bicycle carriage riding down a crowded street.", "A city street filled with traffic and a brinks trucks.", "A crowded street scene with cars, a Brinks truck, buses and people standing on sidewalk. ", "A busy street with a streetlight and lots of cars.", "A group of vehicles that are sitting in the street."]
["A large commercial airplane parked on the runway", "The plane is getting ready for take off.", "An airplane is docked at an airport terminal. ", "A airplane that is sitting at a runway terminal.", "An airplane pulled next to a boarding ramp in an airport."]
["A couple of large passenger jets flying past each other on an airport.", "A passenger jet taxiing with another beyond it taking off.", "The airplane is waiting at the airport for passengers.", "Black and white jet airliner on an airport runway.", "An airplane landing as another ascends into the sky."]
["A giraffe standing next to a tree with no leaves.", "A giraffe leaning down to reach a tree branch", "a giraffe near trees with a sky background", "A giraffe is next to a large brick fence.", "A giraffe outside near trees on a field."]
["Two planes flying in a clear blue sky.", "two airplanes are in the sky and sun is in the background", "an airplane is flying high in the sky with the sun refelection", "Two planes flying close together in a clear sky", "Two airplanes fly beneath the bright sun in a blue sky."]
["A man and a lady sitting on a bench reading their newspapers with a dog tied to the bench.", "A man and woman with a dog are sitting on a bench.", "A man and a women who are reading on a bench.", "a couple of people are sitting on a wood bench", "A man and woman sitting on top of a wooden bench."]
["A traffic light sitting on the side of a road.", "A stoplight is on a street in the dark.", "This is a red light on a post with hedges and trees in the background.", "Stop lights on a street intersection across from a building.", "a traffic light on a street near bushes"]
["A person standing in front of a bus on a street.", "Photographer standing on roadway in front of bus taking picture.", "A person photographing something while standing in front of a bus.", "A man standing in front of a bus taking a picture in the city. ", "A person holding a camera in front of a bus."]
["A convex mirror shows the entire front of a school bus that it is connect to.", "A school bus mirror reflecting the front of the bus ", "View in the mirror of one bus of the front of another.", "The reflection of a bus in a bus's side mirror with another bus and a gas price sign in the background.", "The mirror of the bus is near a gas station."]
["a man standing next to a pink bus in front of a building", "A man is walking in front of tour bus.", "A pink bus in front of a train station.", "A street scene with a person and a pick bus.", "A pink bus parked next to a garbage truck."]
["A red pedestrian crossing signal with a red hand.", "A traffic sign is stating not to walk.", "a tell you went to walk thing has a hand instead of a person", "A walk sign shows a stop hand in orange.", "The crosswalk sign says to stop and not walk."]
["A rear view mirror on top of a bus.", "A yellow school bus sits as it's mirror reflects the front view of the bus.", "Image of school bus reflected another vehicle's rear view mirror.", "The front safety mirror of a school bus, showing it's own reflection.", "A side mirror on a yellow school bus."]
["It will be a long wait for the truck before the buses leave the area.", "A bus and a truck about to meet head on.", "A truck driving behind a bus down a city street.", "A large long truck on a city street.", "a couple of trucks are driving down the road"]
["Crowds of people have lined a street to watch a parade.", "A huge crowd of people on a city street.", "A crowd of people standing around a moving truck.", "A group of people on a street with a truck passing by.", "A fire truck parked in the middle of a huge crowd."]
["Several sheep stand in an empty field, looking at the camera.", "Three sheep standing in a field of brown grass.", "The animals are roaming in the backyard outside int he grass.", "A few shaggy haired sheep looking up in a field.", "Three sheep grazing in a field with a few trees behind them"]
["A picture of a person on the side of the road.", "A man on the side of the road with a bike and a vehicle in the background.", "A MAN STANDING NEAR A TRUCK ABOUT TO RIDE A BIKE", "A man standing next to a bike laying on the ground.", "A man next to a bicycle is changing his outfit by the road."]
["A picture of someone's backyard patio area with a blooming cherry tree.", "A back yard courtyard area with chairs and plants.", "A modern looking house has a courtyard of wooden benches.", "a number of trees and bushes near a building ", "The colors flowers are in bloom beside the house windows. "]
["A woman holding a umbrella next to a man holding a baby and several other people waiting to cross a street. ", "A group of people waiting to cross a busy road.", "A group of people standing on the side of a street.", "People standing along the side of a road on a sunny day.", "A group of people wait along a busy road in the city. "]
["Giraffes are walking together on a very dry terrain.", "Four giraffes are all looking in the same direction.", "A bunch of zebras that are standing in the sand.", "Four giraffes all walking and looking same direction and all same height in rocky field lined by short trees behind.", "Four giraffes standing in the sand and facing left."]
["A flock of sheep graze beneath trees in a green pasture filled with wildflowers.", "A herd of sheep grazing on a lush green field.", "A herd of sheep standing in a grass field.", "Many sheep are standing in the green grass. ", "a herd of sheep graze on some green grass together "]
["Street lights over a dark street and a bright sun in the sky.", "Traffic lights, one green and one two red at an intersection with cars.", "A red traffic light with the sun blaring in the distance.", "A stop light is in the foreground of a sunset.  ", "Vehicles are traveling by a stop sign reading red with a green arrow. "]
["A giraffe standing next to another animal in a field.", "A giraffe and a deer standing near a ravine.", "A giraffe doing an odd pose in a field in front of a forest. ", "A giraffe with its back legs spread while it leans forward.", "A giraffe is posing for the camera. "]
["A parking lot filled with cars next to a large traffic light.", "Cars parked in a parking lot near on coming traffic .", "A group of vehicles passing through an intersection", "Several cars on a lot with red lights, street signs, and a building in the background.", "A busy intersection at twilight with a small red and white building in the distance."]
["Large clock tower overlooking a busy street during the day.", "A red bus and white van wait in traffic. ", "A large bus on a open city street.", "Building with the Big Ben Clock overlooking a major street.", "A crowd of people parked near a double decker bus."]
["A group of animals are standing in the snow. ", "A snow covered landscape with a cloudy horizon.", "Animals walk across a snowy field beneath puffy white clouds.", "Sheep forage for food in a snow covered range.", "dry brush growing out of a snowy ground and animals in the background"]
["A couple sitting on a park bench looking at the city.", "A man sitting next to a woman on top of a bench.", "A picture of two people sitting on a bench.", "A man and woman sit slightly apart on a park bench with a beautiful view.", "A couple sitting on a park bench on a sunny day"]
["some giraffes rocks plants trees and a building", "Two giraffes standing in front of a building.", "A zebra stands in an exhibit with two other zebras nearby.", "A giraffe leans over, while other giraffes are behind it.", "some giraffes a building trees rocks dirt and plants"]
["A car with alarm clocks and flowers on it's dash board.", "The interior of a car with grapes hanging down and flowers all over the dashboard.", "The cluttered interior of a taxi with a view of the traffic out of the windshield.", "Artificial lowers line the dashboard of a car in a busy area.", "Plastic grapes adorn the place where the rear view mirror used to be"]
["A giraffe walking across a tall dry grass field.", "A Giraffe stooping over in an open field.", "A giraffe is walking in a field of tall grass.", "A single giraffe walking in a field of grass", "A single giraffe is walking through tall grass."]
["A bench sitting on top of a grass covered hillside.", "a park bench that is next to a lake", "a bench on a hill with a view of a body of water ", "A park bench set overlooking sailboats on the water.", "Lone bench on side of expansive bay with sailboats in distance."]
["A little baby sheep is standing next to a large brown sheep.", "A sheep looks back behind another animals butt.", "Baby sheep are standing behind a momma sheep.", "A baby white lamb standing next to it's mother.", "A sheep behind another large animal on what looks to be a farm."]
["A red fancy bus is parked by a standing man.", "A couple of people on a street with a bus.", "Man taking picture of friend standing in front of old style bus parked on a stone paved street.", "A person that is taking a picture of a person.", "They are taking picture in front of the old bus."]
["Two giraffes are in an enclosed area.  ", "Two giraffes are eating from the trees in their enclosure.", "A giraffe eats hay as another giraffe stands near a tree.", "A couple of giraffe standing next to a tree in an enclosure.", "a close up of a giraffe on a dirt field"]
["A park bench next to a serene lake.", "A wooden park bench sitting at the end of a pier.", "A bench on a concrete slab overlooking a lake.", "A single bench is overlooking a crystal lake.", "A bench on the bank of a river near a tree. "]
["A bench that sits in the grass with rocks cemented to the ground", "A bench sitting in a park next to stones.", "a park bench that is on some bricks", "a rusted metal bench sitting on a stone-paved area surrounded by grass and shrubs", "A rusty metal park bench in a park."]
["A telephone booth and a red bus on the side of the street.", "A red double decker bus parked near a red telephone booth", "A double decker bus parked on a city street.", "The double Decker bus and the telephone booth are both red.", "A red double decker bus sits parked down from a red phone booth."]
["Volunteer firemen with their truck shooting out a jet of water", "The firefighter is sitting on top of the fire truck.", "Three fireman test the fire hose on the truck. ", "A fire truck with firefighters is using a hose. ", "a fire brigade lorry splashing water to the fire "]
["A small dog walking past a red fire hydrant.", "A dog walks beside a red fire hydrant on a sidewalk.", "a red fire hydrant and a small dog out on the sidewalk", "A dog is walking by a red fire hydrant.", "A dog that is standing near a hydrant."]
["A dog running around the field with sheep in the background. ", "Flock of sheep grazing in a green pasture with a dog running along side.", "A dog is herding a large number of sheep", "A dog is herding a flock of sheep in a pasture.", "A herding dog runs behind a flock of sheep on a country hill side. "]
["A mother sheep standing next to a  group of baby sheep.", "Two baby lambs lay in the grass while a sheep sniffs them.", "two small sheep laying in a field of grass behind a fence ", "A brown faced sheep is nudging two baby white sheep in a field.", "baby sheep lie in a grassy field with their mother standing over them"]
["A blue and pink fire hydrant spewing out water onto a street.", "A fire hydrant open spilling water onto the street ", "A pink faded fire hydrant with dirty water coming out of it.", "a fire hydrant is open with water coming out", "Open fire hydrant with warning cone in urban city setting."]
["Heavy snow covers a picnic bench next to a tree.", "A snow covered park bench amongst the mountains.", "Back yard in the mountains with a picnic table covered in snow.", "A bench that is covered in snow during the winter", "A picnic table sitting outside covered in snow."]
["Decorative pedestal water fountain located near the beach. ", "A black fire hydrant is on a road near a white fence and a beach.", "an ocean a white fence and a black thing on some rocks", "A fountain with no water near a fence.", "A unique water fountain sits in the park by the beach."]
["A lamb standing next to a very tall building.", "An animal standing next to a very high wall.", "A sheep in a field standing against a building wall.", "One sheep strolling along side a concrete building.", "a sheep next to a tall wall outside"]
["A fire hydrant that has some writing on it.", "A fire hydrant with words painted on it", "some words are written on a rusty fire hydrant\n", "\"Love was found here\" has been painted on a fire hydrant.", "An old city fire hydrant has \"Love was found here\" painted on it. "]
["there is a animal walking down a narrow road", "Sheet walk along a path near a wooden fence.", "a couple of sheep walking down a dirt road", "Two sheep walking along a dirt road edged in tall grass.", "Two goats on grass crossing a small country road."]
["A red bicycle is parked near a red fire hydrant.", "A red fire hydrant and bicycle under a large amount of snow.", "A beat-up bike and a fire hydrant appear against dirty snow.", "A bike is propped up against a snow bank that has a fire hydrant sticking out of it.", "An icy snow pile with a fire hydrant in the middle and a bicycle leaning on the side."]
["Two sheep inside the confines of the stone gate. ", "Sheep and lamb standing in pasture by stone fence.", "A portrait of two sheep looking directly at the camera.", "Two sheep in a field with grass during the early evening.", "two white sheep some rocks and grass and a tree"]
["A bus on driving down a street with other buses ", "A blue bus driving down a city street.", "a big blue bus with a large sign on the side of it ", "A COUPLE OF TRAVELING BUSES RIDING DOWN THE STREET ON A ROAD ", "A tour bus belonging to the Marines on a street with other buses"]
["A convoy of city buses traveling down a busy city street next to a crowd of passengers", "Line of buses parked on the side of the road.", "A bunch of buses driving along a road with cars.", "Several buses and a row of motorcycles on a city street.", "Buses are driving down a street in front of a building."]
["A car parked next to a bench along a city street.", "A bit of concrete sitting on supports on the street.", "an empty bench next to a busy street.", "A car parked along a city sidewalk next to a bench.", "A bench made of recycled concrete on a sidewalk."]
["A herd of sheep walking across a lush green field.", "A number of tagged sheep in a field are looking at the camera.", "Domesticated sheep are not as intelligent and wary as their wild relatives.", "A group of sheep with tags on there ears.", "Several sheep with tags on their ears are standing in a field."]
["A red double decker bus next to another bus in warehouse.", "A red double decker bus sitting on top of a parking lot.", "The two buses are parked in the building.", "a red double decker bus inside a garage", "A double decker red bus parked next to another double decker bus."]
["A green bus with a red top traveling down a street.", "The front of a bus of an old design.", "A transit bus parked next to another bus at a station.", "London transportation with no passengers sitting on the street.", "A green bus parked next to a red bus on a city street."]
["A giraffe is walking on a roadway with cars on it.", "A griaffe walking on a road with two cars approaching.", "a giraffe standing on a road in front of two traveling cars.", "A giraffe walking by two cars on a road.", "A giraffe walks down a road past a couple of cars."]
["A wooden bench sitting up against a wall.", "a wooden bench that has a broken leg ", "An empty wooden bench leaning on a brick pile.", "A bench with a broken leg propped up by a block.", "A park bench in a shabby looking area."]
["A red and white wings black bird sitting on wood", "A black bird with a red and white stripe on the wing.", "a black bird with a small amount of red and white on his wings sits on wood", "The almost all black bird is perched on the wooden ledge. ", "There is a black bird perched on wood."]
["White truck parked on street with trees and man", "A white truck parked next to a mail box.", "A person sitting in the back of a parked pick up ", "The pick up truck is parked in the driveway. ", "The man in the truck is walking towards the tree."]
["A blue and yellow fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.", "A dark blue fire hydrant is on a wide sidewalk.", "There is a fire hydrant in the middle of a sidewalk.", "A blue fire hydrant with gold painted in the shape of a Michigan Wolverine football helmet in front of a brick and steel fence.", "A fire hydrant on a sidewalk in front of buildings "]
["A brown sheep standing in front of a pile of rock.", "A brown sheep standing next to rocks and a stump.", "a close up of a sheep standing on dirt ground near rocks", "A sheep standing on a dirt road next to a rock", "A sheep standing near rocks and a log."]
["Two very cute fuzzy young sheep on  a grassy hill.", "Two lambs are standing on the grass in a field.", "Two sheep's that are standing in the field.", "Two sheep with black and white faces, are on a field.", "Two small lambs are standing on a hill."]
["A trolley stopping at the curb to pick up two passengers.", "A bus travelling on a street next to a car. ", "Blue passenger bus parked on the side of a city street. ", "A street scene with many cars and a bus.", "a city bus is parked by a city street "]
["Multiple cars driving on a road that has snow.", "A street filled with heavy traffic in the snow.", "some cars an intersection and some traffic lights and snow", "Cars stopped at a light on a snow covered road.", "Cars are stopped at a red light on the snowy road."]
["A travel guide taking a photo as the tour bus arrives", "A woman standing on a corner with her hand out and a double decker bus.", "A red-haired woman is gesturing toward a red double-decker bus in Europe.", "a woman standing by the road as a double decker bus drives by", "a person posing for a photo with a double deckered bus in the background"]
["Some street signs near a big bridge overpass.", "A pole with four street signs and a crosswalk light.", "a street pole with signs and lights on it", "A group of street signs next to bridge in city.", "A variety of signs are displayed on a pole."]
["A traffic sign is displayed on a freeway.", "An orange and black detour sign sitting next to a road at night.", "A DETOUR SIGN IS ABOVE TRAFFIC AT NIGHT ", "A pole holds an orange detour sign pointing left.", "A large red detour sign by the road with city lights at night in background."]
["A street sign posted at an empty city intersection.", "A street has a red and white sign with an arrow on it.", "There is a sign pointing to a random box in the middle of a street.", "A metal box sitting in the middle of a street.", "A street sign of some sort in the middle of some road."]
["a street light is next to a stop sign", "A pole has a street light, stop sign, and street sign.", "a street post with a traffice light stop sign and street signs", "A traffic signal with a red stop sign hanging below it.", "This is a stop sign, and stop light that is on Jackson Street."]
["Black and white photo of a clocktower and a bird.", "A tall tower with a clock at the top", "A clock is at the center of a tower.  ", "A black and white photograph of a stately looking, old tower clock.", "A large clock tower in black and white. "]
["A sign is welcoming vehicles to the business being advertised", "A street sign welcoming you to the town of Eastcote.", "A street sign sitting on the side of a road.", "A Eastcote welcome sign in a suburban neighborhood", "A Town Welcome Sign as a blue car passes by it."]
["A car, traffic lights and road signage on a city road", "A street with multiple signs everywhere and mountains in the background. ", "A city street filled with traffic and line with tall buildings.", "A city street full of sings and cars", "a busy street that has a lot of signs near by"]
["The Queen Mary ship sitting in a harbor in Long Beach.", "Several birds on a dock in the ocean by a big ship. ", "Birds are sitting on a railing along the ocean and there is a ship in the background.", "A flock of birds are sitting on a buoy marker.", "the birds are flying over the sea in front of the ship."]
["a number of plates of food on a table ", "Four plates with cakes sit on a table,", "Three different types of desert sitting on plates on a table. ", "A table topped with four different types of cake.", "A table holding cakes and pies on plates, gift bags, and a camera"]
["Two signs are shown up above a street.", "A street scene of an intersection with overhead street signs. ", "Car driving down the street under two road signs.", "A tree-lined street  with large yellow traffic signs.", "Cars wait at red lights on a road."]
["A hawk is standing over the remains of another bird.", "A hawk standing an another bird that it killed.", "A bird is standing on some cotton fluff in the field", "A falcon sitting sitting on top of a dead shredded pigeon.", "A bird is on the grass with a bunch of downy feathers."]
["An orange-and-black cat wearing a tiny black hat.", "a small calico cat on a pink blanket", "A calico cat wearing a cowboy hat on its head.", "A cat sitting on top of a persons lap.", "A brown, black, and white cat that is wearing a black hat "]
["A motorcycle is parked next to a building.", "A purple motor scooter parked on a street curb.", "A small street in a city with a scooter parked outside of a building.", "A purple scooter sits on the corner of a street.", "A scooter is parked on the sidewalk beside the street."]
["The baby lamb is standing on green grass.", "A small lamb standing in a green pasture. ", "a small sheep in a field of grass ", "A single sheep standing in a grass field.", "A baby lamb is standing alone in grass"]
["A passenger train that is stopped at the station for loading of passengers. ", "A train in a subway as people walk past it", "A number of travelers walking on a train platform near a blue train.", "A group of travels walk through a covered train station.", "A train stopped in a station with people walking towards it with luggage. "]
["this is a street with a brick building", "a building with a sign and a street right outside", "Black and white image of an empty street. ", "a old building that is next to a street", "A black and white picture of a building"]
["A colorful bird is sitting on a tree.", "A bird next to the tree pecking at the wood", "A red-crested wood-pecker on a lichen covered tree.", "A bird standing on a tree in a forest.", "A bird is perched on the side of a tree trunk."]
["Two colorful peacocks walking towards a brown wooden bench.", "a peacock on a bench and a peacock on the ground", "A peacock perched on a bench looking at another peacock", "A peacock unfurls its feathers in front of another peacock.", "A peacock sits on a garden bench while another peacock spreads its tail feathers."]
["Two large colorful birds touch their beaks together.", "Two blue peacocks standing next to each other.", "Two shiny blue birds are beak to beak.", "Two beautifully blue peacocks looking at each other eye to eye", "A couple of birds are touching heads together"]
["a window shoing a man standing alone on a train platform", "A person is standing on the side of a train station.", "A man standing on a train plateform as a train is passing by.", "Looking out a window at a person near some train tracks.", "A person that is standing by a train."]
["A group of men standing behind a man in a wheel chair.", "A man in a wheel chair with three other men next to a pool.", "A group of people posing with a man in a wheelchair near the water.", "members of a swim team taking a picture by the pool", "Exercising in a swimming pool with the help of his friends has been beneficial in his recovery. "]
["A bunch of lambs standing around in a field behind a fence. ", "Several sheep in a pen; one looks at the camera.", "a bunch of animals that is standing in a fence", "A herd of sheep standing on top of a lush green field.", "Several white sheep coming toward a metal fence."]
["A road sign warns there is a curve in the road.", "Tilted pic of a mountain road with a street sign.", "A tilted view of a curve in a mountainous road.", "A two lane hi-way with a sign signaling a curve ahead.", "The street sign is next to a curved road."]
["A traffic light by a Lutz road sign. ", "A street light is seen against a clear sky.", "A street sign with street lights hanging from it. ", "a street stop light that is hooked to a street sign", "A traffic light that is green and showing it is okay to walk."]
["A man in a red shirt leaning up against a road sign with a camel on it.", "This is an image of a man standing next to a sign with a camel on it.", "The man stands next to a camel warning sign on a highway.", "A man is posing in a desert, leaning on a sign with an image of a camel on it.", "a man standing by a sign showing a camel"]
["The welcome sign in the city of Reno on the street.", "An arched sign in a city road that says \"Reno The Biggest City in The World\".", "The entrance to the city of Reno sign. ", "A building called Reno; The Biggest Little City in the World ", "A large sign that arches over a city street."]
["A pole with multiple traffic signs near trees and bushes. ", "Several road signs that are written in a foreign language. ", "a street sign on a pole with buildings in the background", "The signs are clearly visible for us to see. ", "Direction signs hang on a pole across from a red home."]
["PASSENGER TRAIN WITH SMOKE BILLOWING IN THE WIND,TRAVELING THROUGH THE TREES", "A locomotive is making its way through mountains as smoke rolls to the rear.", "A long train traveling through a wooded area billowing smoke.", "A faraway view of a train going through the woods.", "a train being operated on a train track with trees all around"]
["A man in apink shirt passing an old shop in a market", "A compact asian street with local shops. ", "An Asian street scene with vehicles and people.", "A person walks down a busy corner in a Chinese town", "A few people are walking on an Asian street filled with markets."]
["A train sitting under a display inside a building.", "A steam engine is on display in a large room.", "a train on display indoors near a sign", "A locomotive under an awning inside a building.", "The train is on display inside of a building. "]
["A group of small birds in the water.", "Small group of water fowls on river near urban area.", "Bunch of swans in the water boats on the other side.", "Some birds are relaxing on a blue river ", "a flock of swans swimming in the water"]
["Eight swans are swimming in the calm waters.", "Eight swans out in the water and three have their heads underwater.", "A small group of swans swimming in the lake in the shade. ", "Several swans swimming and looking for food on the water.", "a group of geese sitting next to each other in a body of water"]
["A narrow city street has a leaning one way sign.", "a street with a line of cars parked on the side", "Cars are parked alongside the road and a man is standing next to a sign.", "A man is standing next to a road sign with a line of parked cars across the street in an urban area", "A crooked one way sign pointing into the ground"]
["A traffic sign sitting next to a sidewalk on a street.", "A stop sign with the word written in Spanish.", "A stop sign in a foreign language with the letters \"ALTO\" on it.", "A stop sign in a foreign country reading \"Alto\"", "Stop sign \"ALTO\" on residential corner, grey sky background."]
["A bicycle signal sign, in front of a road.", "The street signs gives directions on using a bicycle signal.", "An instruction sign is displayed on a city street.", "A green bike signal sign sitting on the side of a street.", "Large bicycling sign on the side of a corner crossing."]
["Multiple street signs on the corner of Park Ave and E 34th St", "Street light littered with multiple different street signs. ", "Large series of signs on a city street post. ", "There is a sign stating not to turn and one way on it.", "a building and many street signs on a pole"]
["A green road sign with a bike painted on it.", "A sign that shows the direction of a bike path.", "a street sign is indicating where the bike trail is ", "A sign directs bicyclists southeast to downtown via Clark Street.", "Sign to downtown via clark street pointing left"]
["A train traveling down a train track next to a big tree", "A small passenger train traveling in a wooded area.", "A view from a train while riding in the back compartment. ", "A passenger train traveling through a green countryside.", "A train goes down the tracks shaded by trees."]
["A train traveling down a track, with a man hanging off it.", "this is a train carrying people on a rail", "uniformed tour guide is looking out as the train advances futher along the tracks", "A man sitting on top of a train traveling through a forest hillside.", "A photo taken looking off the side of a small train."]
["A narrow street has numerous blue pointing signs.", "There are several street signs and arrows pointing to different ways. ", "Street and traffic signs on a road in Italy on a sunny day", "A street sign and bushes on a road.", "A curvy road with blue signs at the side of the road and a view of mountains in the background. "]
["There are two signs on the traffic signal.", "A street sign and do not walk sign lit in the dark.", "A street sign and a don't walk sign on a dark night.", "green and white street signs at an intersection at night", "A walking sign glows underneath two street signs."]
["A car driving down a street past a tall building.", "A man on a bicycle crossing the street by a corner grocery. ", "A town street corner near a grocery store.", "A grocery store is next to a car dealership.", "A car is parked in front of the fire hydrant near the grocery. "]
["A \"do not enter\" sign on a suburban road.", "This is a Do Not Enter sign on a city street. ", "The sign is explaining to motorists the rules of the road.", "some red white and black signs cars bushes and trees", "a street sign that reads \"do not enter\" on a quiet street"]
["A train is coming down the tracks near buildings.", "a black train is moving down thee tracks", "A train going down the tracks past a city. ", "Train riding along a train track in the city with smoke coming out of it.", "A black steam train rolls through a city."]
["A blue electric train traveling down train tracks.", "The electric train has arrived at the station.", "A train is stopping at the train station while the people are getting on broad. ", "A blue and green train driving on tracks in a city.", "An old looking multicolored train on the tracks near a platform."]
["A long black train traveling through a train station.", "A train locomotive sitting on the tracks at a station.", "A set of train tracks with a black locomotive engine on a track heading in the opposite direction.", "an image of a black train going down the tracks", "A black train coming through a train station"]
["A passenger train is coming down the tracks", "A locomotive train at a railway station with travelers.", "A train station with a train pulling into the platform.", "An train sits on the rails near a platform.", "Tourists photographing a steam locomotive pulling into a station."]
["A vandalized abandoned building at a stop sign", "A stop sign stands near an old building that is covered with graffiti. ", "A stop sign stands next to an abandoned building.", "Graffiti covers a building near a stop sign. ", "A building with graffiti on it with a stop sign in front."]
["A red stop sign sitting below a tall building.", "A stop sign in front of a large office building.", "A stop sign in front of a very large office building.", "Street signs are stop and one way in front of a tall skyscraper.", "A stop sign and one way sign are in front of a large building"]
["The stop sign is clearly visible at night for us to see.", "A stop sign being lit up by a light and people making shadows with their hands.", "A stop sign with shadows of a hand, a square, and a hammer.", "A light is shined on a stop sign at night.", "A stop sign glowing at night with a persons hands on it."]
["A stop sign that is right by a road.", "A stop sign at a corner where roads connect", "A stop sigh with road sign at an intersection.", "There is a stop sign on a road with two street names on it", "A stop sign at an intersection with blue sky in the background."]
["A small green train traveling down train tracks.", "A small replica train on small tracks with an adult man operating it.", "An engine driver standing on the footplate of a miniature locomotive.", "A small train with coal is in the park.", "A man driving a small park train down a track."]
["some road signs besides a road in the street", "Variety of street signs on a suburban tree lined street", "A corner of a street with lots of street signs.", "a number of street signs on a pole ", "Street and multiple traffic signs at an intersection "]
["A painting of a yellow train car sitting on train tracks.", "A yellow train is traveling down the tracks while someone watches from a bench. ", "A yellow trolley rides on the trolley tracks.", "Old yellow trolley on the tracks with blue sky.", "old men sitting on a bench beside a train"]
["A stop sign above other signs in front of a house.", "a big road sign showing to stop near a house", "A red stop sign sitting on top of a billion dollar fine sign.", "A four way stop sign has a blooper sign under it.", "a stop sign that is standing up in front of a yard"]
["A stop sign in the grass near a tree.", "A stop sign on the side of a street.", "Stop sign in front of road in wooded area", "A stop sign next to a tree near two roads.", "A stop sign next to a small tree in the grass."]
["A train with people sitting on it traveling through a countryside.", "Several are riding on top of a cargo train.", "some people are riding on a train with open carts", "A train is pulling many men on the top.", "People sitting on small train cars going through the countryside."]
["There is a train that is driving on the tracks", "A man is sticking his head out of train window,", "A man is sticking his head out of an old train with a N o 2 on it.", "A man is leaning out of a train.", "The man is looking out of the side of a train."]
["A steam locamotive passes by some houses on a track.", "A small train blowing steam on the tracks", "A train pulls passenger carts with one passenger.", "A small steam train with small open passenger cars rounding a bend in town.", "An old steam locomotive passing by a village."]
["A steam train coming through town with houses in the back.", "A train is seen passing by some houses", "Smoke billows from the train travelling down the track.", "a train being operated on a train track ", "A steam engine chugs along pulling coal cars behind it past a rural township. "]
["a parking meter with a pink candle on top of it", "A birthday candle has been placed on a parking meter", "A parking meter has a candle on top of it.", "A parking meter with a birthday candle sticking out the top. ", "A parking meter has a small pink candle on it."]
["A red car parked in front of a parking meter on a street.", "A parking meter with a fuzzy covering on it.", "A red car is parked by a parking meter.", "A parking meter with a car parked on the side of the road.", "A car behind a parking meter that has a decoration on it."]
["The glaring lights of cars and street lights.", "a car is barely seen in the picture because it went by fast", "The car looks like a blur as it speeds past.", "A town street at night is lit up with neon lights.", "An image that is capturing headlights in motion."]
["The train is traveling down the track towards Kingscote.", "A train pulling away from a train stop.", "A passenger train near a terminal and a small platform on an overcast day.", "Train stopped on its tracks at a train station.", "An old train is pulled up by a platform."]
["People gather around a truck parked on a boat. ", "a number of people in a small boat with a car", "A boy and a girl on a boat while another boy is standing on land with one foot on the boat.", "A very primitive ferry holds a truck and three occupants.", "Truck parked on a boat with people on it and one on land."]
["The truck driver hauls an elephant down the highway.", "A large elephant riding on the back of a truck on a busy street.", "An elephant is being transported in a truck down a road.", "A truck carrying an elephant in the back", "An elephant being transported down the road on the back of a truck."]
["A birthday cake that depicts a small mountain with cars driving up it.", "A person with a lighter lighting several sticks.", "A birthday cake replicates a demolition scene with candles.", "A person lightening candles on a monster truck cake. ", "A woman lights candles on a birthday cake decorated like a hilly landscape with trees and a pond."]
["A close up of a cake with a toy car driving up a hill of brown icing.", "A small toy car going up a hill with rocks", "Toy cars surrounded by dirt, rocks, and fake trees.", "A toy truck is driving up a mountain in a diorama.", "A huge picture of a car placed a cake."]
["A truck cake sitting next to a Ford emblem cake.", "A cake made to look like an old truck.", "A truck and a cake on a table.", "a close up of a cake in the shape of a truck", "The large cakes are shaped like a pickup truck and a Chevy insignia."]
["Black dog laying down near a black and white cat. ", "A cat laying next to a dog on top of a couch snuggling each other.", "A cat and a dog snuggling together on a couch.", "A dog and cat lying close to each other on a couch", "a dog and a cat are laying down together"]
["Woman wearing polka dot stockings and pink dress posing with an umbrella.", "A beautiful young woman holding a white bag and an umbrella.", "A woman standing out side while holding an umbrella.", "a female in a red dress and a tan umbrella and some trees", "An attractive young woman holding an umbrella under a tree."]
["A black and white image of a farmer with small children.", "there is a man on a farm withs a horse and a cow", "A farmer and his children standing on a barn field.", "An old photo of a farmer holding a child while another child rides a horse.", "The farmer is standing next to his horse and cow. "]
["A gray and white cat sitting next to a pink teddy bear.", "A cat lying in bed with a stuffed teddy bear.", "an image of a cat lying next to a stuffed animal", "A pink stuffed animal on top of a cat in a cat bed.", "a close up of a cat in a cat bed with a teddy bear"]
["A cat laying down on a surface in a room.", "Small cat sitting inside a display with a brown teddy bear. ", "A gray cat sits in a bed next to stuffed animals.", "a cat kneeling in front of a stuffed bear and a kids book", "A cat sits in a glass window by a stuffed toy."]
["A white cat laying on a zebra striped blanket.", "A white cat is asleep on a black and white striped rug.", "A white house cat laying on a zebra striped blanket grooming itself.", "A white colored cat laying on a black and white zebra colored pillow.", "A white cat curled up on a zebra striped floor rug"]
["A cat sniffing a sea creature on the beach.", "a small cat sitting on the sand next to a dead fish", "A cat eating at something dead on the beach. ", "A cat standing in the sand with its face near an animal.", "a cat sniffing a dead turtle that washed up on the beach"]
["A white cat standing next to a cluster of palm trees.", "A cat sitting on the sand near some palm trees. ", "A white cat sitting on a beach looking into the distance.", "White cat sitting on sandy area near walkway.", "A cat is sitting on the beach near some trees. "]
["a close up of a cat on a rug on the ground", "a cat laying around on a rug with some shoes.", "A cat playing with shoes on a rug", "The cat is playing with the shoes on the floor.", "A cat rolling around a pair of shoes on the floor."]
["A garbage man is working down a street with his red garbage truck. ", "The garbage man has to empty the trash cans into the truck by hand.", "A red garbage truck and a man behind it.", "A man is behind a red trash truck in the suburbs.", "A man running after a brightly colored trash truck."]
["A cell phone and book on a couch.", "A notebook, purse, pens, keys, cell phone, calculator and gum.", "A school bag with contents on the couch ", "The contents of a bag sitting on a couch.", "a journal, notebook, keys, book and backpack on a beige couch"]
["A cat has fallen asleep on top of a luggage", "A sleeping tabby cat on an overturned suitcase.", "A tiger stripped cat sitting on top of a purple piece of luggage.", "A cat sleeping in a black piece of luggage.", "A cat that is sleeping inside of some luggage."]
["A cat laying down on a black skateboard inside.", "a white cat is laying on a black skateboard ", "A cat is sleeping on a skate board.", "A cat is sleeping at the end of a skateboard.", "a cat curled up on a skateboard in a living room"]
["A cat is staring at a laptop computer.", "a cat on a desk with a laptop and a mouse", "A cat that is sitting at a desk next to a laptop.", "A kitten sitting on a laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "A kitten sits facing an open black laptop."]
["A cat is standing on a board game", "A striped cat standing with it's front paws on a game board and two beers next to the board.", "A CAT SITTING ON A BOARD GAME THAT IS ON TOP OF A COFFEE TABLE", "A cat is sitting on the top of the board game.", "A cat is on the floor next to a cutting board."]
["A moose is standing out by a river", "Some very pretty moose standing by a stream.", "A moose standing along side of a river.", "THERE ARE ANIMALS TAHT ARE IN THE WATER AND THE GRASS ", "A deer and a horse are standing in the opposite direction."]
["A fluffy Siamese cat sitting on a table next to a computer monitor.", "a fluffy cat sitting on a desk looking at the camera", "A fat, fluffy blue-eyed cat resting on a table.", "Fluffy cat lays on a desk near a window.", "A fluffy cat lounging on the table's edge."]
["Two men in the bed of a pickup truck working on the vehicle.", "Two men working in the back of a pick up truck.", "Two men working on the back of a pick up truck", "A pair of mechanics standing in the back of an old pickup truck.", "Two guys in the bed of a white pickup truck."]
["A cat bites into a doughnut offered by a person's hand.", "a person is holding a doughnut up to a cat", "A person feeding a donut with white frosting and sprinkles.", "A person is feeding a doughnut to a cat.", "A person holds a sprinkle covered doughnut to a cat's face."]
["a grey cat biting into a frosted donuts", "A person is feeding a donut to the cat. ", "A cat nibbles on a sprinkled donut that is being fed by the owner. ", "A cat is eating a donut from a person's hand.", "A cat being fed a donut by someone in a grey shirt."]
["A person offering a donut to a cat.", "A cat is licking a donut with sprinkles.", "The cat is licking frosting off the donut.", "A woman feeds her grey tabby cat a frosted doughnut.", "Someone is holding a white and pink doughnut in there hands"]
["A brown cow laying on top of a lush green field.", "A calf laying in an open field licking its nose.", "A cow lies alone in a field with dandelions.", "A very cute cow laying in a grassy field.", "A white and brown cow sitting in grass field with flowers."]
["A young cat sitting on a wooden and metal chair on top of leaves.", "A cat sitting on top of a chair outside in the sun. ", "A cat sits outside on a wooden chair.", "A small cat sitting upon a chair that is outside.", "Cat sat outside on a small folding wooden chair"]
["A couple of cats sitting on top of a couch.", "Two cats lounging on a sofa with some papers ", "Two cats sitting on a  couch next to each other.", "a couple of cats lays down on a couch ", "There are two cats laying together on the couch."]
["A kitchen with lots of objects on the counter.", "A cluttered home kitchen with junk including coats, luggage, and piles on top of the cabinets.", "The kitchen should be cleaned up before we use it. ", "A kitchen that has a refrigerator with a lot of magnets on it.", "A very cluttered and messy kitchen with a fridge covered in magnets. "]
["A herd of black and white cows grazing on dry hay.", "A lot of animals that are eating some grass.", "Cows are grazing hay in front of a stable.", "Cows grazing on hay in an outdoor pen.", "Cows eating in a feed lot with a roof ridge and blue sky in the background"]
["Two cats sitting on top of a foamy chair attached to a wall.", "Two cats are sleeping in suspended beds and another cat is perched on top of one of the beds.", "Three cats relax and snooze in cat beds suspended from a radiator.", "Cats laying in beds with weird art on the wall", "Three cats are sleeping in cushioned beds hung from a heater."]
["A herd of animals laying at the foot of a stone mountain.", "Four cows are relaxing in the sun near the mountains. ", "Several cows in the grass at the base of a craggy mountain.", "Cows are in a pasture next to a mountain.", "Several cows lying on the grass at the base of a mountain."]
["A couple cuddle together in the cab of a lovingly restored flat bed Ford", "Back of teal ford pick up trick with man and woman with arm around man's shoulders", "A woman with her arm around a man in a green pick up truck. ", "a passenger with their arm wrapped around the neck of the driver of a green pick up truck", "A woman that is in a green truck."]
["A pair of black cats display a menacing stare.", "A pair of cats looking through a glass window.", "Two black and brown cats are sitting down.", "Two black cats looking out of a window.", "Two cats are siting right next to each other. "]
["a cow on a field next to a fence", "Bull standing in grass next to a barbed wire fence.", "A cow is standing in the grass near a fence.", "A cow roaming on the field during the day.", "a black cow is standing on the grass"]
["Two large cows standing next to a small cow in a fence.", "three cows in a field near one another ", "This is an image of an outside district.\n", "It looks like the three cows are talking to each other.", "Cows standing in a grassy fenced in area."]
["a yellow truck on a street and a traffic light ", "Large truck sitting at the traffic light at night", "a truck on a city street stopped at a traffic light", "A yellow truck with a tire on back of it", "A yellow truck with a giant tire hanging off of it's back."]
["People are sitting on the top of a blue trailer.", "Two men sitting on the rails of a truck ", "Two people sitting in the back of a blue wagon filled with boxes. ", "a truck with some cardboaard boxes in the back", "Two men sitting on top of a blue truck."]
["A black and white cat laying on top of a laptop computer.", "A black and white cat sitting on top of a laptop.", "A cat rests it's front paws on a laptop.", "A black and white cat resting on top of a laptop computer.", "A white-and-black cat sitting on top of a laptop."]
["a bunch of cows and baby cows in a line in a barn", "Cows having breakfast as a young boy tends to farm matters.", "Several cows are in barn while a child is among them.", "Cows and calf in a barn with a man working with them.", "A boy in a barn with several cows and calfs."]
["A cat that is standing on a laptop.", "a black and white cat standing on a laptop ", "Black-and-white cat walking over top of a laptop. ", "A cat that is standing on top of a laptop. ", "A cat is standing on partially a laptop and the computer desk. "]
["A gray and white sitting in front of a TV.", "A cat is looking at the other cat on the computer screen.", "The gray and white cart is looking toward an image of a cat on the screen.", "a black white cat sitting on a lap and looking at a laptop picture", "The cat enjoys looking at other cats on the computer."]
["A photo taken from a boat with a long bridge in the background.", "A view of the coast from within a boat ", "The side of a boat and a bridge going over the ocean.", "A view of the lake, taken from a boat. ", "A boat flies its flag while sailing just off a pier. "]
["A bull and a cow lie in a field.", "Two animals laying in the grass near each other.", "Two white cows lying down in a field.", "a couple of cows sit on some grass ", "Two white cattle laying on a grassy field in the daytime."]
["Cows with horns are sitting down in the open field", "aa couple of animals are laying in a field", "Longhorn cattle lying down in a large, green meadow with trees.", "A herd of sheep standing on top of a green field.", "A group of steer with large horns lay in a field."]
["A group of cattle grazing in a field behind a fence.", "A group of cows grazing on top of a grass covered field.", "Cows grazing on pasturage next to parking lot.", "Black and white picture of cows grazing in a pasture. ", "A herd of cattle grazing on some grass."]
["A rowing team looks ready to begin on a calm stretch of water.", "The canoes is filled with many people riding in the water. ", "a small boat in a large body of water ", "A group of men riding on a boat on top of a lake.", "A river with a long dragon boat in it and rowers on the boat in sets of two, along with two other people."]
["A grassy field with animals roaming on it.", "A cow sitting on a grass covered field.", "A cow grazing in a field covered by shrubbery.", "A horse in a field with trees and fence in the foreground.", "Brush in front of a wooden fence behind which is a cow."]
["Two baby cows standing on a dirt field next to a young boy.", "Two baby calves feeding on fresh green grass.", "A young boy stands in front of a stone house and behind two cows. ", "Two young cows standing in front of a boy.", "Boy standing in a dry lot with two calves."]
["A man wearing glasses standing next to a black cow.", "A black cow is walking through the streets of a town.", "A man standing behind a black cow in a street.", "A close-up of the black cow on a street.", "Black cow being walked near a group of people. "]
["A herd of cattle grazing on lush green grass.", "A herd of cattle grazing with dark clouds above.", "A herd of cows in a field underneath a cloudy sky.", "A herd of cattle in a large, open field.", "A storm is brewing overhead as cows appear to be heading somewhere else. "]
["A cat laying on top of a desk next to a mouse.", "A cat sleeping on a computer mouse on a desk.", "An adorable kitten rests on the computer mouse pad.", "a little cat sleeping by a silver mouse ", "A cat sleeping on the floor next to a transparent metallic mouse."]
["A cute cat laying on a rock in the woods.", "a cat laying on a rock beside a tree ", "Adult cat sitting on a rock surrounded by branches. ", "A brown, black and white cat sits on a rock near a tree.", "The car lies on the rock in the woods."]
["Three brown cows grazing on a muddy grass field.", "Three cows standing near each other eating food.", "Cattle gather in a field by the sea with a rock formation in the background.", "Three cows eating with a small island in the far off distance. ", "Three cows eating in a field with sea in background."]
["Very cute cat laying on couch holding the remote control", "a black and whiter photo of a cat laying down sleeping on a couch with a remote ", "There is a cat laying on a couch", "A black and white cat laying on a couch holding a remote.", "A cat on a chair holding a remote control."]
["A boat is in the water close to a housing lined shore.", "A motorboat passes beachfront houses flanked by palm trees.", "A boat traveling through the water in front of homes.", "A ocean front houses with a boat driving by.", "A boat glides along the water of a lake."]
["A group of cows cross a desert road.", "Cows are crossing a highway in front of foothills.", "Cows crossing a country road behind a large truck.", "Cows crossing the freeway with the free range in Nevada.", "In the desert, cows are crossing a wide street."]
["Two well dressed standing together while on writes a note.", "Two men standing wearing tuxedos and one man writing something. ", "a couple of men wearing suits and bow ties", "two males and they are wearing suits and bow ties", "A man in a tuxedo signs an autograph for another man"]
["A man wearing a white shirt and tie looking at a paper.", "A business man sits and looks over paper work.", "a man wearing a tie sitting at a desk checking out paperwork ", "A man wearing a tie holds his chin as he reads a document. ", "A man is looking at a piece of paper"]
["A man smokes a cigarette outside on a building.", "A man in white shirt and tie smoking cigarette on a roof.", "A person with a tie and a cigarette in his mouth.", "A man in a white shirt with a neck tie around his neck.", "A man is on top of a roof with a cigarette in his mouth."]
["An older man with glasses and a British tie.", "A man wearing a red neck tie and a black jacket.", "A man wearing a pair of glasses and a suit and tie. ", "A group of people standing at what appears to be a convention with an older man the focus of the picture", "A man in a crowded room gazes into the distance."]
["A man and a woman laying in bed on top of each other.", "A man checking the pulse on a young woman", "A man and a woman are in bed.", "A perfume advertisement featuring an man and woman.", "A man laying on top of a woman and she is grabbing his tie"]
["a male in a gray suit checked tie and silver watch", "A man holding his hands to his head wearing a suit and tie.", "The young man is wearing a grey suit and tie.", "A man wearing a suit and tie with his hands on his head.", "a man in a suit holds on to his head "]
["A couple of elephants walking around a body of water.", "Two elephants are in the water cooling off.", "Two elephants are swimming in a body of water.", "A large elephant and small elephant lying in a pool of water, the large elephant spraying itself.", "One of the two elephants in the water is spraying itself from it's trunk."]
["A crowd of people boarding a trolly on a city street.", "A trolley is moving down the street while pedestrians wait to cross the street.", "Passengers ride the cable car and tourists take photos.", "An open air trolley car is loaded with passengers.", "People in a crosswalk waiting for street car to pass by."]
["People stand under umbrellas in the rain next to a motorcycle.", "A woman standing under a balcony in the rain carrying an umbrella, as the traffic goes by.", "The people are trying to wait out the rain storm. ", "Looking out at heavy rain on the street from a restaurant canopy", "A photo of people walking the sidewalk holding umbrellas. "]
["A man with a saw standing next to a man with his brain exposed.", "a couple of people that are standing next to each other", "Two people dressed up, one holding a saw and the other appears to have part of his skull cut off.", "A couple of people standing in a room.", "Two men in costume pose for a picture together"]
["THIS IS A HUGE SHIP THAT HAS LOTS OF PEOPLE ABOARD", "A man in a safety suit walking along the edge of a dog where a cruise ship is docked.", "A close up of the back of a ship with hundreds of people.", "A worker in orange walks toward a large boat.", "a huge white boat is docked along the shore. "]
["A cruise ship rests in front of a dock with buildings in the background.", "A large cruise ship docked near a cement shore.", "A cruise ship is near the dock towards buildings.", "A cruise ship parked next to a loading dock.", "A cruise ship docked for letting passengers off to port"]
["There is a battleship floating in the water.", "A large battleship floats close to a dock. ", "A navy shop docked at a dock in a harbor.", "A ship is sailing away from the dock.", "A ship in the harbor against a clear blue sky. "]
["White cat sitting in sink licking face in bathroom.", "a close up of a cat in a sink in a bath room", "A cat with heterochromia sits in a sink and licks its nose.", "Cat licks its face while sitting in a sink.", "A white cat sitting in a sink while licking its nose."]
["A group of people holding umbrellas in the middle of a graduation.", "A woman in a graduation gown holding an umbrella.", "A line of people in graduation robes staring outside a building.", "Several people standing outside and some with umbrellas. ", "Woman looking at other graduates at ceremony at school event."]
["A pianist in a suit and glasses playing a keyboard.", "A man playing a keyboard with a spot light on him.", "A man in a suit seated at a keyboard", "A man in a suit and tie is playing a key board.", "A person sitting at a keyboard in a room."]
["A large boat in a harbor with a bridge behind it.", "a big boat that is floating in a body of water", "A large and small ship in a body of water.", "A ship and boat in the waters close to the shores", "a black and white ship and a blue and white boat and water "]
["Two baby elephants standing in tall grass with an adult elephant.", "Two baby elephants are following this adult elephant.", "An elephant and two baby elephants on the grassy field. ", "One large and two small elephants huddle together in a field", "A group of elephants that are grazing in a field."]
["Elephants stand in a large expanse of grass. ", "Several elephants that are walking in a large field.", "Three elephants in a big ground with partially dry grass.", "Elephants roaming freely on a grassy field during the day.", "A herd of elephants walking along a lush green field."]
["A large boat traveling slowly trough a harbor.", "A ship heads towards shore on a clear day.", "A boat is in the ocean near some trees.", "an orange and white  boat sailing in a body of water.", "a large boat in a large body of water"]
["A large ship sailing across a lake next to shore.", "The big boat is floating in the water.", "A ship sailing in the ocean during the day. ", "A large boat that carries containers heading up river", "A huge cargo ship sits empty in a bay reflecting blue skies."]
["A man who is holding an umbrella out of a window.", "A man holding an inverted umbrella outside of a window.", "A man holding an umbrella outside a window, its inside out.", "The two men is in the window with an umberlla", "a man is holding a pink umbrella out a window"]
["A group of people dressed in an elephant costume.", "A man standing next to a man in an elephant costume.", "A small street parade features a man in an elephant costume. ", "a man grabs and pulls a elephant costume ", "a person in an elephant costume walking on a city street"]
["Two elephants in a herd playing with each other.", "A pack of elephants standing around a pond playing with each other.", "Herd of elephants getting wet by the water hole.  ", "a group of elephants at a watering hole two are playing", "Two young elephants facing eachother in a puddle of mud."]
["An elephant with large white tusk standing next to a  forest.", "An elephant with full tusks standing in a field.", "The elephant with huge tusks is walking through tall grass. ", "An elephant stands in weeds with trees in the background. ", "A elephant with large tusks standing in tall grass and brush, with trees behind it."]
["Boats docked in a harbor next to tall buildings.", "Several boats are parked at a dock in a bay. ", "A line of boats docked in a lake.", "A line of boats is moored in the placid waters that blue skies and the buildings on the shoreline.", "A large body of water with boats in the docks"]
["a small boy is wearing a blue and white tie", "A boy in a white jacket and tie and a white table.", "A young boy with a wide smile showing off his white suit, lavender shirt and purple striped tie.", "A child in a suit smiles and stands still.", "A young boy wearing a suite and smiling."]
["A man with a skull and crossbones tie.", "A man is wearing a red checkered shirt with a tie.", "A red plaid shirt, with a tie and jacket.", "A man wearing a neck tie and a plaid shirt.", "A maroon tie with a red skull and crossbones pattern."]
["A large ship driving behind a smaller ship.", "Two boats sailing in a body of water.", "Two boats drive through ugly brown colored water.", "The big ship is following the little ship in the water. ", "A large board and a smaller boat drive through the water."]
["A group of people some with designed clothing, some with plain clothing on.", "A group of people standing around a table together.", "Group of people posing for a photo inside a restaurant. ", "Four people pose for a picture at a bar. ", "a group of people sitting at a restaurant table"]
["A large brown elephant walking across a dirty road.", "An elephant in dirt area next to a booth.", "A small elephant takes a walk down a sandy path.", "A elephant that is walking in the dirt.", "an elephant with a seat on it's back "]
["People with suitcases stand on a walkway underneath a clock.", "there are many people awaiting a train at the station", "A crowd of people standing with suitcases and luggage.", "These are people getting ready to get on the train.", "A crowd of people standing under a clock ina  train station."]
["A couple of elephants wading in a small river.", "A couple large gray elephants swim in the waters.", "a big animal that is swimming in some water", "Several elephants wading in water near a grassy shore.", "Elephants crossing a deep river near a dry landscape."]
