["A young man riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp.", "A composite image of a skateboarder doing a trick.", "A time lapse image of a skate boarder on a ramp.", "a group of seven skate boarders riding in the skate park. ", "This is a shot of a man doing a trick on his skateboard."]
["A time lapsed image of a skater doing a jump trick.", "A man riding a skateboard on top of a cement ramp.", "an edited picture of the same boy doing several different tricks on a skateboard ", "A picture showing a young man jumping with his skateboard.", "The man is doing tricks on his skateboard."]
["A young man performing a stunt on a skateboard in a skate pit.", "A skateboarder tries a stunt on the edge of an elevated ramp.", "A boy balances a skateboard on a wooden ledge.", "a person riding a skate board at a skate park", "A person riding a skateboard on the edge of a rim"]
["A man riding down a snow covered slope in the snow.", "A person skiing on a very snowy slope.", "A skier is holding one pole while moving downhill.", "A man in a red jacket and white helmet is in the snow on a snowboard.", "a man riding down the road wearing some skiis and holding onto the poles in one hand "]
["A meal of mashed potatoes, cheesy broccoli, and barbequed ribs. ", "A plate of BBQ ribs, mashed potatoes and cheese smothered broccoli.", "A dinner plate of food with ribs, mashed potatoes and broccoli and cheese", "A square plate with ribs, broccoli and mashed potatoes", "A dinner plate consisting of mashed potatoes, cheddar broccoli, and barbecue ribs."]
["A white plate topped with different types of food.", "A piece of beef on a white plate with broccoli and spinach.", "The plate has lots of rice, meat, and broccoli on it.", "This meal features meat, beans and vegetables together", "A large white plate of food on a table."]
["Dishes of food have doll figures in them.", "Four dishes are on a table with many small toy babies in them.", "A host of containers with food and several toy baby figures in them.", "Several bento boxes are shown with vegetables and noodles while tiny toy figurines are on top of the food.", "Food with little miniature baby figurines in it. "]
["A skateboarder is going into a bowl for a trick.", "A man riding a skateboard at a skate park.", "A man skateboarding into an empty swimming pool.", "The skateboarder is about to go down the ramp.", "A man riding a skateboard in an empty pool."]
["A plate with a piece of food next to a pile of cheese broccoli.", "A close up of some food, colored off white and green.", "Cooked slice of food item next to vegetable with cheese on white surface.", "Closeup of a slice casserole with vegetables to the side on a white surface.", "A slice of casserole with steamed broccoli on a plate."]
["A boy standing on his skateboard on a road.", "A child is riding a skateboard on the street.", "A boy skateboarding on a street with lots of pads on.", "A young man riding a skateboard on top of a street.", "A kid with a helmet and knee pads on riding a skateboard in the street. "]
["A person with knee pads on standing on a skateboard.", "a person wearing kneepads putting a foot on a skateboard", "A skateboarder wearing a knee pad atop a black skateboard.", "The legs of a skateboarder wearing shorts, kneepads, white socks, and black shoes.", "A male riding a skateboard with protective gear on pavement."]
["A man riding a skateboard on top of a stone walkway.", "A man standing on a board next to a group of people.", "A group of people watch a six legged robot.", "A man rides a skateboard under a tent with other people watching.", "People standing inside of a temporary canvas building."]
["two people holding skis walking up a ski slope", "The people are holding their skis and standing in the snow.", "SEVERAL PEOPLE ARE SKIING AT A SKI RESORT WITH THE MOUNTAINS BEHIND THEM", "A man and woman walking in the snow with their skis. ", "Men carrying their skis up a snowy slope in the mountains"]
["A row of wine glasses sitting on top of a table.", "A line of glassware down the middle of a dining table.", "some glasses and silverware and napkins on a table", "The stemware is lined up all in a row.", "A row of glassware is sitting on top of the table.\n"]
["some snow skiers and some snow and trees", "a bunch of people are wearing skies in the snow", "A group of people skiing on a snow covered field", "Several people standing on their skis on a slope while it's snowing. ", "People on skies on the ski slope "]
["A green bowl filled with vegetables soup next to a spoon.", "A PICTURE OF A BOWL OF SOUP WITH CORN AND BROCOLLI", "A green bowl is full of vegetables and a white broth.", "a bowl of vegetables in a soup like substance next to a spoon", "A bowl of broccoli and corn soup with a roll "]
["there are a few kids on snowboards on the snow", "A couple of kids on snowboards standing in the snow.", "Young children learning to snowboard together in the snow", "A group of young kids in the woods with snow skiing", "Two kids snowboarding while wearing colorful winter gear."]
["A green bowl of soup sitting next to a long spoon.", "A bowl of corn chowder with broccoli, and a spoon on the side.", "A bowl of creamy broccoli and corn soup.", "a bowl full of broccoli and corn chowder  with a biscuit on the side ", "A green bowl of corn and broccoli in a white stew with a spoon and a biscuit  next to it."]
["A skateboarder is in a parking lot doing a trick.", "A man jumping a skateboard over a hedge in parking lot.", "A person jumping a curb on a skateboard.", "A guy jumping on a skateboard in a parking lot.", "A man is performing stunts on a skateboard in a parking lot."]
["Four guys with skate boards sitting on a park bench.", "A group of young men hanging around a park.", "The young men are taking a break from riding their skateboards. ", "A few individuals sitting on benches with skateboards.", "Several people are standing and sitting on benches with skateboards."]
["A puffy pie is on a cooler grate on white tiles.", "A freshly baked cheese dish sitting on a tile counter.", "A delicious looking casserole that is covered in cheese", "A quiche is displayed on a cooling rack.", "A cheese and vegetable casserole sitting on a rack"]
["A white plate topped with veggies and chicken.", "Some cooked nourishment that light up the day.\n", "A plate with a broccoli and meat stir fry on it.", "a plate with some vegetables and onions on it ", "This is a plate of food with broccoli "]
["a man on a skating board jumping very high", "A man is doing a trick on a skateboard", "a man performs a trick on a skate board as people watch", "A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "Across the street from a bank, a shirtless man with a green tattoo is skateboarding."]
["A person lying on the ground next to a skateboard.", "a person is laying down near a set of steps", "A person is lying on the ground in a city.", "A person lies on the ground near a skateboard.", "A person laying on the ground near a two buildings."]
["A man in a red shirt doing a trick on a skateboard.", "A young man on a skate board doing tricks", "a person performing a skateboard stunt on a skateboard ramp.", "a person riding a skate board at a skate park", "A youth skateboarding on a ramp outside during the day."]
["A man riding a skateboard under a cloudy sky.", "A man is doing tricks with his skateboard.", "a male skateboarder with a black shirt and a yellow skateboard", "A skateboarder is shown in the air with his skateboard.", "A man does a trick on his skateboard."]
["A young boy riding in the street on a skateboard.", "a person riding a skate board on a street", "A young boy skateboarding on  a special skateboard", "A young boy is riding on his skateboard. ", "A boy riding a stake board on a street."]
["An old church building in an urban environment", "A church with a clock is sitting between buildings. ", "A church building in between other contiguous buildings on a street.  ", "There is a clock on a pillar beside the church.", "The outside of a church with a clock next to it."]
["A man riding a skateboard along side of a cement block.", "A skateboarder skating on the side of a ledge.", "A man jumping a skateboard at a skate park", "The skateboard rider is doing a trick off the ledge.", "A young male skateboarder performing a stunt atop a concrete wall."]
["Overexposed shot of a skateboarder making an obscene gesture.", "A man in a hat is riding a skateboard.", "two people with skateboards one is doing a jump", "A skater on doing a trick on his board.", "a person jumping a skateboard in the air"]
["A man riding a skateboard on the side of a planter.", "A boy jumps his skateboard off the front of a garden wall.", "A skate boarder riding on the wall of a commercial building", "A boy grinding his skateboard over granite planters outside. ", "A skateboarder in a red t-shirt stands with his skateboard doing a wheelie."]
["There is a skateboarder at the top of a small ramp.", "a person riding a skate board at a skate park", "A young man on a skateboard performing a jump.", "A man on a skateboard going up a ramp.", "A man riding through the air on top of skateboard."]
["A coffee cup with a lid on a table next to a keyboard. ", "A coffee cup resting on a table near a keyboard.", "A coffee cup that is in front of a keyboard.", "A coffee cup is sitting on a desk in front of a keyboard.", "A coffee cup sitting on a computer desk in front of a keyboard."]
["The skier has a red coat on that makes him visible. ", "A person riding skis goes down a snowy path.", "A skier wearing a red jacket is jumping in the air.", "Skier with a red jacket jumping on a hill of snow. ", "A person that has skis jumping in the snow."]
["a jar of sauce sits next to some carrots ", "A small jar of carrots surrounded by whole carrots.", "A jar of carrot sauce among sticks of carrots.", "A jar of orange sludge next to carrots.", "The carrots are beside a jar with an orange substance."]
["A person that is skiing in the snow in the day.", "Skiers glide down a groomed slope on a bright, sunny day.", "A cross country snow skier skiing across an open field.", "A guy in a red jacket does some cross country skiing", "The skier easily glides across the snow on a sunny day."]
["A dog is sitting on a skateboard. ", "A pug dog sitting on a skate board on the floor", "Small sized pug sitting on a skateboard on the side of a room.", "A small dog sitting on a skateboard in a hall.", "A dog sitting on top of a skate board that is on the hard wood floor"]
["A man riding skis while holding two ski poles.", "A skier with a red jacket is shown from low angle.", "a man in skis is standing in a snowy area", "a close up of a person in a red jacket on skiis ", "Someone riding skis with two sticks in their hands at the ski slope"]
["A man is standing on top of a snow covered hill.", "a person on skis rides through the snow ", "a person riding skis on a snowy slope", "A ground level shot of someone standing around in there skis.", "A man who is standing on some snow skis."]
["A person riding down a trail in front of a person on skis.", "A group of people riding skis and snowboards across snow covered ground.", "Downhill ski slope and skiers as viewed by a helmet mounted camera. ", "Many skiers in the snow skiing by the trees.  ", "There are some snowboarders sliding down a slope"]
["there is a cutting knife and cut up foods on the cutting board", "A wooden butcher block features sculptures of vegetables and a knife.", "an assortment of vegetables displayed with a knife on a cutting board  ", "a cake made to look like a cutting board covered with veggies and a knife ", "Cut vegetables and a knife resting on a cutting board."]
["A man riding a skateboard down the side of a ramp.", "THERE IS A MAN THAT IS ON A SKATE BOARD ON THE RAMP ", "A guy on a skate board at the top of a ramp.", "a person riding a skate board at a skate park", "A boy skateboards on a ramp while people watch on."]
["A boy in a black cap is suspended in the air above a skateboard and a small staircase.", "A person on a skateboard in the air doing a trick.", "A skateboarding boy jumps off a set of stairs.", "A man riding a skateboard over a sidewalk.", "A boy doing a jumping trick on a skateboard over a set of concrete stairs."]
["A skateboarder does a trick in the middle of the street.  ", "young man doing skateboarding tricks in a residential area", "Young male displaying skateboard skills on paved urban roadway.", "The young man is riding his skateboard in the street", "A boy riding a skateboard on a rail"]
["Group of skiiers in the large mountains walking towards ski lift", "A group of skiers on a slope near a ski lift. ", "A large number of people walking around with skis.", "Skiers on a snowy area in front of a ski resort near a ski lift.", "a bunch of people that are skiing in some snow"]
["Two people wearing ski equipment standing on top of a ski slope.", "Two people in ski attire posing on top of a mountain.", "Two skiers are standing together at the top of a mountain.", "two skiers dressed in red and black on a ski trail", "People are standing on skis in the snow."]
["A man in a purple shirt riding a skateboard up a wooden ramp.", "A skateboarder riding the ramps at a skate park.", "A man on a skateboard going up a ramp with two others watching.", "Two young men watching another skateboard on a ramp.", "A young skateboarder is doing a trick on a ramp."]
["A man that is jumping in the air with a skateboard.", "A man riding a skateboard down the side of some steps.", "a man in a skate board jumps over some stairs ", "A young man is doing a trick on his skateboard.", "A man performs a kick flip on his skate board"]
["A young man on a skateboard rides down a railing.", "a man on a skateboard in mid air ", "The skateboarder is doing a stunt on the rail.", "A man riding a skateboard on top of a metal rail.", "A red shirted skateboarder practicing his moves on a rail."]
["A boy in the air as he does a trick on a skateboard from a ramp.", "A person doing a skateboard trick off a concert platform.", "A boy doing a jump off a wall with a skateboard.", "A boy performing a skateboard jump off of a wall.", "A young person is jumping his skateboarder off of a lodge."]
["A man is skateboarding up a ramp in a skatepark. ", "A man in white shirt riding a skateboard in a park.", "Skate boarder male in mid air, skating at an indoor skate park.", "A man riding a skateboard up the side of ramp.", "A man doing a skateboard trick on a ramp."]
["A boy jumping his skateboard over a tilted iron post.", "A young man riding a skateboard on a patch of grass.", "A young skateboarder is performing tricks in a driveway.", "A person is in the air on a skateboard.", "A man on a skateboard jumping a pipe."]
["A young boy is doing a trick on a skateboard.", "A guy on a skate board high in the air.", "A man that is on a skateboard in the air.", "A boy practicing his jumps on his skate board.", "A person on a skateboard does an air trick."]
["a person that is jumping his skateboard doing a trick", "The man is riding his skateboard on the ramp. ", "A skate boarder jumping his board on a ramp.", "A man does a trick on a skateboard on a vert ramp", "A man on a skateboard performing a trick."]
["A young man riding a skateboard into the air.", "A time-lapse photo of a guy doing a skateboarding trick, jumping over a curb.", "multiple shots of a guy doing a jump with a skateboard", "Duplicate images of a person performing a skateboard trick.", "Eight men in a parking lot doing tricks on skateboards."]
["A PERSON PERFORMING A SKATING STUNT WITH MULTIPLE FRAMES COMBINED.", "A still image multi shot of a man on a skateboard doing tricks on the ramp", "Men in army shorts on skate boards near ramp.", "A composite image of the same man riding a skateboard on a halfpipe at a skate park.", "A skateboarder is featured at different positions on a ramp."]
["A couple of young men walking down a street together.", "Teenage kids ride scooters and skateboards on a skate ramp.", "Young boys are on skateboards by a cement slope.", "A group of young people with skateboards and a scooter on a ramp.", "Two boys are walking up a skateboard ramp as a younger boy rides a scooter down it."]
["Large spread of many different kinds of food.", "Some cooked carrots and a spoon on a aluminum pan", "Many dishes of food, some including, carrots, brussels sprout and more.", "Various bowls and vegetables on a table ready to be served.", "Bowls and carrots and broccoli are on a table with a tray and spoon."]
["a person riding a skate board on a rail ", "A young man is riding a rail with his board.", "A boy grinds  a rail on his skateboard.", "The skateboarder was up on the railing in the moonlight.", "A young man on a skateboard grinds down a railing."]
["a boy is sitting down on a skateboard ramp", "A person sitting down with their legs stretched in front of them, on a skateboard ramp with a skateboard several feet in front of them.", "A skateboarder that has fallen off the skateboard on a ramp ", "Man sitting on bottom of ramp skateboard rolls away.", "A person sitting on the concrete looking at a skateboard"]
["A young man jumping up, doing a trick on a skateboard.", "A skateboarder is in the air at night.", "A person that is doing a skateboarding trick.", "The young man is jumping high on his skateboard.", "A man is high in the air performing a skateboard jump underneath a darkened sky."]
["A skateboarder flying off of the top lip of a ramp", "A boy riding a skateboard on a skateboard ramp.", "A young man is trying to pull off a skateboard trick off the ramp. ", "A guy wearing a jersey is riding a skateboard on a ramp.", "A boy attempts a skateboard trick in a halfpipe."]
["a person skateboards down the street near hay", "Street riding skateboarder prepares to take a turn down a road. ", "A person squatting on a skateboard on a curving road.", "Someone is riding a skateboard down a hill and steep curve.", "A man riding a skateboard down a curvy road."]
["two men in helmets skateboarding down a street", "Two men skateboard on their knees around a corner.", "Two people skateboarding down a road together in the day.", "Two men ride skateboards while wearing safety equipment.", "two people riding skate board down a steep road"]
["Man in blue and grey jacket on skis in front of a mountain.", "A man on skiis standing in front of trees and a mountain.", "a person on skis wearing a blue and grey coat\n", "A man walking along in the snow on skis.", "A smiling man stands on a snowy hill with some ski poles "]
["A man riding a skateboard on a ramp.", "A person is coming down a skateboard ramp with people watching.", "A young man is headed down a ramp on his skateboard.", "A man riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp.", "A skate boarder leaning over a very high ramp."]
["A young man crouches on a moving skateboard.", "A skateboarder is skating down the road. ", "A man is riding a skateboard in a skate park", "A person on a skateboard on a street.", "A man is riding a skateboard on the road."]
["a man in yellow is doing a trick on a skateboard", "The skater in the yellow shirt is jumping above his board.", "A man jumping up into the air riding a skateboard.", "A young man is doing a trick on a surfboard.", "A man in yellow shirt doing a trick on skateboard."]
["Two plates filled with hot dogs sitting on a wooden counter next to drinks.", "Two plates with hot dogs and drinks on a bench", "Hotdogs and drinks are sitting on a counter.", "Four hot dogs on two plates and two drinks.", "Two plates with two hot dogs on each plate and two foam drink cups"]
["A man riding a skateboard on a sidewalk.", "A casually dressed man standing on a skateboard.", "This fellow rides a skateboard in front of a brick wall.", "A man on a skateboard in front of a brick wall.", "A man rides on the sidewalk with a skateboard. "]
["A group of men doing tricks on skateboard next to ramp.", "A group of men riding skateboards down a ramp.", "Several people skating down a small incline on skateboards.", "Three young guys skateboarding at a nearby skate park.", "A young man riding a skateboard down the side of a ramp."]
["a man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "A skateboarder is high in the air separated from his board in the break of a ramp.", "A boy in a blue shirt at a skate park doing tricks on his skateboard. ", "Man riding skateboard over up a ramp and over a gap.", "a skateboarder is wearing a blue shirt and doing a trick"]
["Hot dogs on a BBQ being grilled in a backyard.", "Hot dogs are grilling on a portable grill outside.", "Six hot dogs are cooking on a small charcoal grill.", "A bunch of hot dogs roasting on a small charcoal grill", "Six hot dogs are sitting on top of the grill."]
["a guy doing a jump with his skateboard", "A young boy listening to music while skateboarding at a skate park. ", "A group of kids do tricks on their skateboards in a park.", "Young male skateboarder in mid air while doing a stunt.", "a kid that is riding some skateboard on a ramp"]
["A woman standing over a table in front of a sandwich.", "A girl is giving a thumbs up in front of a sandwich.", "A woman giving thumbs up in front of a sandwich.", "A woman at a table eating a sandwich", "Lady giving thumbs up with a sliced sandwich on a napkin in front of her."]
["A hotdog with fries and a red cup of beer.", "a fast food picture showing hot dog fries and a red plastic cup of juice or soda.", "The meal on the table by the cup is ready to be eaten.", "A small basket with a hot dog and serving of french fries", "On a table is a basket of fries and a hot dog with a pickle and a glass of something to drink."]
["A hot dog on a stick is shown by a campfire.", "People sitting around a campfire roasting hot dogs.", "A person roasting a hot dog by campfire", "Roasting hotdogs at night over a campfire with wooden sticks.", "A first person night shot of a person grilling a hot dog with a blurry image of a man in the background."]
["Hotdogs are cooking on a roaster with condiments arranged alongside.", "A hot dog maker has four hot dogs on it.", "Hot dogs are being cooked next to bins of toppings.", "A grill is holding four hot dogs next to nine containers of various condiments.", "A hot dog cooker and condiments in a display at a store. "]
["a boy jumping very high skiing on the snow", "A snowboarder jumps while performing a trick in the snow.", "A man flying through the air on a snowboard.", "A boy riding a snowboard through the air over a hill.", "a boy doing a trick on a snowboard. "]
["Female snowboarder in the motion of landing on a log on a snow course. ", "A skateboarder is going down a log in the snow.", "A young lady is showing off her winter skills while folks observe. ", "A snow boarder makes a jump at an urban snow park. ", "A woman riding a snowboard down the side of a ramp."]
["A woman standing in behind a tray of donuts.", "Barrista with an exposed bra strap behind a donut display.", "A metal tray holding donuts under plastic wrapping.", "A person with their back toward the camera, behind a counter", "a female with a tattoo and three donuts on a tray"]
["A group of white plates topped with piles of donuts.", "Plates full of square and round shaped donuts.", "Two platters stacked high with assorted donuts and pastries.", "Doughnuts with frosting are stacked high on square plates.", "a bunch of donuts on plates ready to be ate"]
["a building with a domino's pizza on the bottom of it ", "A pizza restaurant that is below another business.", "A tall brick building above a Domino's pizza.", "a very old building with the words written on it", "THERE IS A BUILDING THAT IS ON THE SIGN "]
["A display case of different types of doughnuts in it.", "a bunch of doughnuts are in a display case", "A large display of many different types of doughnuts.", "A display in a bakers filled with donuts and pastry.", "a case in a bakery full of doughnuts of different flavors"]
["a man sitting at a table with a plate full of food", "The man holding a fork is ready to eat his meal.", "a man at a diner in front of a plate of food.", "A man eating a sandwich at a table in a restaurant.", "A young man sits at a booth with a fork in his hand, and a plate of sandwich with salad in front of him."]
["a sandwhich sitting on a plate next to a glass of tea, bowl of soup", "a sandwich on a white plate a drink on a brown table", "A sandwich and chips sit on a white plate.", "a large plate of food with a glass of soda by it", "A sandwich sitting on top of a white plate next to a cup of coffee."]
["A person jumping up in the air on a surfboard.", "a man on a board performs a trick over some water ", "A person that is windsurfing over the water.", "A man in the sky para sailing in above an ocean. ", "A person flying through the air on the kite board."]
["A pile of delicious veggies and meat on a hoagie bun", "A sandwich on bread with meat, cheese and onions on it.", "a big sandwich that is on a big white plate", "A delicious philly cheese steak on a big roll", "A Philly cheese steak sandwich is sitting on a plate."]
["A pie is sitting on the ground outdoors.", "A pizza with toppings near a clear clock", "The image shows a dessert pie sitting on twigs near a clock.", "A montage image shows a round object, and a clock face in a field.", "A clock and a pie sitting beside each other."]
["A group of people on a field playing soccer.", "A group of young women kicking a soccer ball around.", "A group of girls on a field playing soccer.", "A couple Of Girls are playing a soccer game", "A group of people play soccer on a field."]
["A group of hipsters sitting next to each other near a cake.", "Young women celebrating a birthday with a cake and candles in a nightclub", "Several women sitting in front of a birthday cake and laughing.", "Three women sitting in a building in front of a cake.", "A muscular build female with tattoos sitting next to two other females."]
["A woman standing on top of a paddle board.", "A woman paddle board in the water near the beach. ", "A woman standing up on top of a paddle boat.", "a woman standing on a canoe and rowing with a paddle", "A woman standing up, paddle boarding in green water, wearing a bikini and a blue shirt around her waist."]
["A man prepares to kick a soccer ball for three children.", "A man with a soccer ball in his hand near two boys and a girl. ", "A man standing around a group of children.", "a man playing soccer with 2 young boys and a young girl", "A man playing soccer with three children in a park."]
["A plate of food with pasta and a sandwich on it. ", "A meak if a sandwich, some pasta and another side item.", "there is a large plate of a sandwich and macaroni and cheese", "A plate filled with food is sitting on a table.", "a close up of a plate of food "]
["A man with a surfboard walking into the ocean.", "a person holding a surf board on a beach ", "Surfer any black wetsuit holding their board in front of the ocean. ", "surfer walking towards the ocean with a board and skin suit", "The person i son the sand with a surfboard in their hands. "]
["A display in a grocery store filled with lots of produce.", "Plastic bags of sweet delicacies laid out for sale", "There is plenty of cookies being sold in the store.", "various types of foods are sitting on the food stand", "A variety of snacks are on display in the market. "]
["A person carries a surfboard in from the water.", "A man surfer walking out of the water", "The surf boarder is coming out of the water.", "a surfer with a wet suit is carrying a white surfboard", "A person walking out of the waves with a surfboard."]
["A person riding a wave on a surfboard.", "A man surfboarding on a wave in an ocean. ", "A person lying down on a surfboard while riding a wave.", "A man lays on his surfboard and rides a small wave.", "A person is riding a small wave in the ocean."]
["A surfer riding their surfboard through waves in the ocean.", "A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A man that is standing on a surfboard in the water.", "A surfer rides a wave in the ocean.", "A surfer rides a wave in the ocean."]
["A group of people standing around a white cake on a table.", "A group of people standing around a cake.", "Family smiling in living room with a party cake. ", "People are standing at a table with a cake on it.", "A group of people standing in front of a birthday cake."]
["A family gathers around a birthday cake and poses for picture.", "Four people a standing behind a birthday cake.", "Four people standing and looking at a cake with a lit candle on top.", "Several people, smiling, standing in front of a cake. ", "Four people standing around a cake with a candle in it."]
["A woman smiling with a white birthday cake and a man standing nearby holding a baby. ", "A small family; a woman is holding a birthday cake with two candles as a man holds a little boy.", "A women who is holding a birthday cake.", "A lady holding a lite cake while a man holding a baby looks on.", "A woman holding a lighted birthday cake, as a man hold the child."]
["A man standing on a beach holding a surfboard.", "a person standing on a beach holding a surf board", "A surfer with sunscreen on his face stands on the beach.", "The surfer is ready to catch a big wave.", "A man is standing on the beach holding a surfboard."]
["A group of young people playing a game of soccer.", "a bunch of people play a game of soccer ", "A group of kids outside playing with a ball.", "A group of people on a green court practicing soccer.", "A group of boys and girls playing sports"]
["A guy with a surf board by a big wave.", "A man carrying a surf board steps into a wave.", "A guy with the surfboard is looking out into the ocean", "A man is carrying his surfboard into a crashing wave.", "A man is holding a surfboard by the water."]
["A man in a blue uniform kicking the soccer ball", "A man is running and kicking a soccer ball.", "A soccer player is trying to control the ball. ", "A male soccer player in a full soccer uniform and jumping in the air over a soccer ball.", "A soccer player is kicking a soccer ball. "]
["A surfer stands out in the shallow ocean waters.", "A view of a beach in a black and white photo.", "A person standing on a beach near the ocean.", "A surf boarder watches as the sun goes down.", "a surfer carrying their board and a person sitting in the sand"]
["A woman in a wedding dress is next to her cake.", "A bride and groom cut the cake at their reception.", "Couple cutting the cake at a wedding reception.", "The bride and groom are cutting the cake.", "A bride and a groom are preparing to cut a wedding cake."]
["Man and woman preparing to cut through a cake in front of onlookers. ", "A couple prepare to cut into their wedding cake.", "A man and a woman standing in front of a wedding cake at a banquet.", "A groom and a bride cutting into their wedding cake.", "A newly married couple is cutting their wedding cake."]
["two females in soccer uniforms kicking a soccer ball in a field", "Two women fighting for the ball in a soccer game.", "a girl getting hit with an arm of another person as they play soccer", "Two girls who are standing in the grass with a soccer ball.", "a couple of women playing a game of soccer "]
["A very nice looking bed with a laptop on it.", "A desktop computer sitting on top of a bed.", "A apple computer sitting on a bed with two red pillows.", "An Apple brand laptop sitting on a bed.", "a apple laptop that is sitting on top of a bed"]
["A small bedroom has striped wallpaper going floor to ceiling", "A colonial striped bedroom features a fireplace and breakfast nook.", "An interior of a red and cream striped bedroom with fireplace and seating area.", "This is an image of inside a room with a bed and chairs and a fireplace.", "Bedroom with striped walls, table, chair, and bed."]
["A bedroom with a bed and other furniture in it", "A small hotel room with a king bed.", "A room with a bed, television, a lamp and chairs in it. ", "A bedroom that has a bed with a white comforter and red headboard, facing a stand with a television on it.", "A hotel room with a bedroom, sofa chair, and television set."]
["a bed room with a bed with a canopy", "A bedroom has a canopy bed with red cloth and a gilded mirror.", "A bed that has red drapes around it.", "Clothes laid out on a canopy bed and a dresser with a grey wig on it.", "A bedroom with a four post bed and gold mirror."]
["A dog is looking at a pink, flowered, multiple layered cake.", "Tall, many layer cake with a quarter cut out of it.", "There is a large pink iced cake made with several layers of white cake.", "A pink beehive shaped decorated cake with several slices removed", "A big pink cake that has had a big piece cut off of it. "]
["A white and black dog standing on wooden floor by a cake.", "A pug dog looking down at a birthday cake on the floor.", "a dog looking at a cake on the ground", "A dog looking at a cake decorated with a name and number.", "A dog is observing a small cake, probably for it. "]
["A cappuccino on a plate surrounded by sweets such as cookies and cakes.  ", "an image of several desserts on a plate", "THERE IS A CUP WITH SOME SORT OF FOAM DECORATION.", "The cup of cappuccino sits next to a pastry.", "a close up of a cup of coffee with plates around it"]
["a man on a surf board riding a wave in the water", "The man is riding the waves in the water on his surfboard. ", "A male surfer rides a large turquoise wave.", "A person on a surfboard riding a wave.", "A surfer is in the middle of an ocean wave."]
["a person laying in a bed with a window ", "woman laying on a bed wearing patterned black stockings", "a woman in white shirt laying on a bed with striped sheets.", "A very attractive lady in stalkings is laying on the bed with her feet up. ", "Young lady with her legs in the air laying on a bed in a room."]
["A woman laying on a bed wearing fishnet stockings.", "A lady is laying on her bed with her hand on her hair as she stares off to the side. ", "A beautiful young woman laying in bed while resting her elbow on a pillow.", "A young woman holding her hair on a bed", "There is a woman laying across a bed"]
["A bed in a bedroom between two lamps in front of a tv on a dresser.", "A nicely made hotel room with a grey and yellow color scheme.", "A small wooden looking style bedroom and tiny television", "There is a small bedroom with wood furniture", "a bedroom that has a bed and a dresser in it"]
["A beautiful blond woman laying in bed with a laptop.", "A woman working on her computer while lounging in her bed.", "A woman in a bed watching a laptop intently.", "A female sitting on her bed looking at a laptop.", "a women that is sitting in bed with a laptop"]
["Three surfers standing on their boards in a wave.", "A group of surfers ride a wave in the ocean.", "A group of people on surfboards in the water.", "Three people ride the waves with surfboards. ", "A group of people riding waves on top of surfboards."]
["A bride and groom are cutting their wedding cake.", "A bride and groom cut the cake on their wedding day.", "A bride and groom cutting their cake while guests look on.", "A bride and groom cutting their wedding cake.", "A newly married couple cutting a cake together."]
["A woman cutting a cake while wearing a crown.", "three people and the woman is wearing a blue top and cutting a cake", "Lady slicing a cake on a table with other bowls and glasses.", "A woman wearing a tiara cutting a cake while two men sit behind her.", "A woman in a tiara cutting a birthday cake at a party"]
["A guitar on a bed in a room.", "Guitar laying on top of a bed facing window. ", "A guitar laying on a bed under a window.", "a guitar that is laying on a large bed", "An acoustic guitar is shown laying on a bed."]
["A bed sitting in a room with a white covering.", "A cat and a bird looking at each other", "A canopied bed is under a striped roof.", "Small bed with railings and canopy in tented area.", "A black crib is in a room with colorful carpets and walls."]
["A person wearing a wetsuit with a surfboard under one arm.", "Two surfers in full suits stand on the beach. ", "A guy wearing a wet suit carrying a white surfboard. ", "Two people in body suits with surfboards by water", "Surfers in wetsuits stand on the beach in front of waves."]
["A surfer rides a wave in the ocean.", "a man is riding a wave on a board", "a man is riding a surfboard at the beach", "A man riding a surfboard on top of a wave.", "A surfer heads down the incline of a wave."]
["A statute of a man in chef's attire holding a pizza. ", "A chef statue holds a fake pizza and a sign with a message on it.", "A statue of a chef holding up a pizza.", "A statue of a man holding a pizza and a sign.", "THER IS A STATUE OF A MAN HOLDING A PIZZA "]
["Pizzas sitting on a table next to a bottle of wine.", "A table is set with three rustic pizza pies.", "A table with two different pizzas on it.", "a table covered with 3 pizzas, wine glasses and silverware", "A table is set with a pizza and glasses on it."]
["The walls in the bedroom will have new wallpaper soon.", "A bed that's made up with a picture hanging above it.", "Simply made bed for two in room with window.", "a neatly made bed with pillow sitting next to a window", "A white bed with a headboard and a brick wall."]
["A room with natural, unfinished, pale wood walls and built in shelves, also has curtained sliding doors that open onto a patio with a lounge chair, a big double bed with a blue blanket, and various framed photos and books.", "a blue bed in a large home bedroom", "Bedroom with all wooden wall and shelving with outdoor deck.", "A large bed sits unoccupied in a spacious room in the morning light.", "A bedroom with built in bookshelves is pictured."]
["A smiling man holding up a small pizza with toppings.", "a man with a beard is holding a pizza", "The man is holding up a pizza and smiling.", "A man holding a small pizza on a plate.", "a man smiling showing off a loaded pizza "]
["A man wearing glasses on the lap top.", "A man with glasses sitting at a desk pushing buttons on a laptop. ", "The man is looking into the screen of a laptop on the desk. ", "Young man typing on a laptop computer that is on a cluttered desk.", "A young man wearing glasses typing on a laptop on a desk."]
["A black and white dog laying on a bed.", "a black and white dog sits on a bed", "A dog laying down on a blanket next to some books", "A cute black and white dog laying on a bed.", "The dog is resting comfortably on the bed in the bedroom. "]
["There is a toy owl sitting next to books on a shelf.", "A furby sitting on a desk, on top of a laptop.", "A furbee pet on a shelf above a computer.", "a furby doll sits on a shelf with some books behind an Apple laptop computer", "A laptop, Furby toy and books on top of a desk."]
["A man drinking a cup of coffee next to sandwich.", "A young man drinking a mug of coffee", "A large sandwich sits on a plate in front of a man sipping coffee. ", "A guy sits in a cafe sipping coffee and eating a sandwich.", "A young man is sipping a latte at a cafe."]
["A bed with several items of cloth arranged as hearts on top.", "A bed decorated with towels folded into heart shapes.", "There's a bed with heart shaped pillows on it", "A bed with towels in the shapes of hearts", "A hotel bed with four heart shaped pillows on the bed."]
["A woman taking a swing at a ball on a tennis court.", "Woman in white playing tennis on a court.", "A woman in the middle of swinging a tennis racquet.", "A blonde woman hitting a tennis ball back during a match.", "A female tennis player on a tennis court."]
["some people standing around a line of tennis courts ", "A group of people standing on top of a tennis court.", "some people are playing tennis in a field", "A large group of children practice playing tennis.", "A group of young boys practice tennis outside."]
["Children are playing tennis on the street on a nice day.", "Two children playing a miniature version of tennis on a city street.", "A group of people haning around a walking area.", "A temporary tennis court set up in a courtyard.", "a tennis player holding a racket on a court "]
["A living room scene with a wire chair and a television.", "Living room with a chair and flat screen television.", "A neatly kept Asian style room with flatscreen TV", "a living room with a chair, entertainment center and stacked pillows", "A flat screen TV sitting on top of a TV stand."]
["a living room view of a table with plants and a tv", "There is an empty room with a big screen TV on a TV stand.", "This ultra modern room includes a white retro couch and a wood coffee table.", "A very neat and clean living room with an Oriental flair.", "a living room with a tv a dresser and a couch"]
["A temporary tennis court has been erected in the town square.", "A young child walking down a street past two nets blocking a road.", "A child playing tennis on a city square.", "A roped off section of a street with people walking by and a child running towards a net.", "People playing tennis in a sidewalk shopping area."]
["A young boy who is holding a tennis racket.", "The kids are playing a game and the area is taped off. ", "Two kids are playing tennis on a makeshift court.", "the child is holding a tennis racket and waiting ", "People stand around a store near the sidewalk sectioned off with ribbon."]
["This pizza is cut into eight equal slices.", "A sliced whole pizza with red peppers on a white plate.", "A sliced pizza on a plate with different toppings.", "a white plate of some kind of bread dish with peppers in it", "A pizza has red and green peppers embedded in the cheese."]
["A man playing tennis leans in to swing at the ball.", "a man with a tennis racket hitting a ball on an orange court", "A man is holding a tennis racquet moving across a court.  ", "A man holding a tennis racket is hitting a ball.", "A male tennis player following through a shot."]
["A tennis player is lunging to hit the ball.", "A tennis player bounds toward the end of the court after hitting the ball.", "A man standing on top of a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A male tennis player in action on the court.", "there is a man playing tennis on the court"]
["A woman sitting at a desk using a laptop.", "A women leans over her desk towards a laptop.", "A woman is staring at a laptop computer.", "A young woman studies her laptop amongst the feminine knick knacks on her desk.", "a woman in a black dress is looking at a laptop"]
["a hand a cellphone a laptop and a beer coaster", "A cell phone and laptop computer on the table", "a persons hand near a phone and computer", "A keyboard with a hand on it by a beer coaster.", "A woman is on her laptop with a cell phone next to it."]
["A bedroom is fancy and has many fancy things in it.", "A room with older styled furniture and old lamps.", "A doorway to a room that has a mantle, table and chair.", "A view of an elegantly styled, formal sitting room.", "There is a view of a living room that has a red chair"]
["A family is sitting around a dinner table.", "a woman and a man are sitting at a table together", "Young man and older lady with baby eating at table. ", "Family, including infant, eating at dining room table.", "A man and a women with a little baby sleeping."]
["People sit around a table that has a pizza on a glass stand.", "A group of friends sitting at a table sharing a pizza.", "Several people sit around a pizza in a restaurant. ", "A plate of pizza served to a group of people", "A group of friends smiles around a pizza."]
["A very large cheesy pizza sitting on top of a rack.", "A large pizza with spinach and tomato toppings.", "there is a pizza on a metal grill that is half eaten", "A partially eaten pizza with multiple toppings on it.", "A pizza sitting on a barbecue rack on a table "]
["A man and a woman showing off their food.", "a man and a woman eating a piece of pizza", "A blurred shot shows a big world map on a wall, making a backdrop for a smiling man and woman holding up a wrapper  between them to display a half of a pizza. ", "A man and a woman smiling while holding some food", "a couple of people that are holding pizza in hand"]
["A person holding a tennis racket and a tennis ball", "A man celebrating while holding a tennis racket and a ball on the court.", "A man in a white shirt holding a tennis racket and tennis ball.", "A smiling male tennis player standing on the court raising his fist in the air.", "A man flexing his arm and holding a tennis racket and tennis ball on a tennis court."]
["The people  is playing  a  tennis game.\n", "A tennis player serves the ball on the court.", "Spectators watch a professional tennis player serve the ball", "A tennis player on a court in the middle of a serve.", "a tennis player getting ready to swing a racket"]
["A plate topped with pastry sandwiches on top of a table.", "A carousel is loaded with yummy pita appetizers.", "A platter of appetizers being shared at a table.", "a brown platter is filled with food two people and some plates", "Two people eating off a platter of food. "]
["There are people sitting at the table eating food", "The three friends are eating their meal at the booth. ", "a group of people getting food at a restaurant ", "A group of people eating together at a table", "Three people eating in a wood-paneled restaurant booth. "]
["People holding racquets playing tennis on a court.", "Four people are playing tennis on a tennis court.", "Four people are playing a doubles game on the tennis court. ", "four people playing a doubles tennis match on  a red court", "There are people playing tennis on the court"]
["A table full of pizzas delivered by Dominoes.", "A single open box of Domino's pizzas amongst a bunch of closed boxes.", "Stacks of unopened pizza boxes and an open box of pizza", "a table full of stacked up pizza boxes", "Stacks of Dominos Pizza boxes with a pizza"]
["A baby laying on it's back holding a toothbrush.", "A baby lays on its back and holds a toothbrush.", "A baby laying down and holding a pink tooth brush.", "A young child holds a tooth brush and smiles. ", "A small child is holding a toothbrush while lying down."]
["Two television remotes sitting on the arm of a chair.", "Two remote controls sitting on the arm of a chair.", "A pair of remote controls set on the arm of a chair.", "An out focus picture of two remotes resting on an arm rest ", "Two remote controls are sitting on the arm of a couch."]
["A man laying on top of a couch next to a black and white dog.", "A man with a cup sitting on a sofa with a dog and cat in front of some windows.", "a man relaxes with a cup of coffee while his dog stays close.", "A man is sitting on a loveseat having coffee alongside a cat and dog.", "Man, cat, and dog on couch inside at corner of room with windows."]
["The legs of a man watching TV and drinking a beer.", "A person that is holding a bottle of beer.", "Person sitting on top of a red couch holding a beer in their hand. ", "a man sits on a couch with a beer in hand ", "A man holding a beer on his lap."]
["A man changing the channel with a remote.", "a person using a remote control on a tv ", "Man pointing remote at television trying to select what to watch.", "Someone holding a remote control in their hand", "a person holding a remote aimed at some televisions "]
["A woman is brushing her teeth with a white and yellow toothbrush.", "A girl is smiling with her mouth wide open as she brushes her teeth. ", "A woman happily cleaning her teeth with a toothbrush ", "A woman is smiling as she brushes her teeth with a toothbrush that has a yellow grip.", "A beautiful woman brushing her teeth with a tooth brush."]
["A man playing a game on the Wii console.", "A man playing a wii while arching backwards.", "A man standing in front of the tv with a controller in his hand.", "A man playing a video game on a Nintendo Wii.", "A black man playing the wii in his home."]
["A little baby that is sitting with a toothbrush.", "A very cute toddler brushing her teeth while sitting on the couch", "A girl sitting on a couch with a toothbrush in her mouth.", "A young girl holding a tooth brush in her mouth.", "The little girl has a toothbrush in her mouth"]
["A little blonde boy in blue has a blue toothbrush in his mouth.", "A toddler with bright blonde hair smiles as he holds a toothbrush in his mouth.", "A little boy is brushing his teeth and smiling.", "A boy smiling and looking at the camera while brushing his teeth.", "A kid with a toothbrush in a room."]
["A little boy brushes his teeth and looks at the camera. ", "A young boy is brushing his teeth with a green toothbrush.", "A toddler brushing his teeth in the bathroom.", "A young boy brushing his teeth in the bathroom", "A young child brushing their teeth with a green toothbrush."]
["A room with a stone fireplace and living room furniture.", "A view of a living room's couch, television and windows.", "A living room consisting of a TV, a fireplace, a couch, a reclining char, an end table, and a small table.", "Nice living room with couches, TV, lamps, and fireplace.", "a living room with some couches and a table top"]
["A picture of a vacant home's kitchen and living room.", "An empty kitchen and living room/dining room. ", "The view from a kitchen in a vacant home.", "The interior of a modern home, with a fireplace in the spacious living room, and kitchen with many cupboards, is lit by several lamps and overhead lights.", "An empty house with an open floor plan featuring a large kitchen and stone fireplace."]
["a brown couch a coffee table a lamp window and television set", "Luxury apartment with many high class items throughout.", "This is a living room with a couch, love seat, TV, and a fire place. ", "living room setting with fireplace, couch, flat-screen television and other accessories", "The television is mounted above the fireplace in the living room."]
["a living room with a bunch of figurines ", "A large living room filled with art pieces", "A living room holds an orange couch, a fireplace, several small tables and a chair in it.", "A living room holds a couch, chair and lamp.", "a living room full of chairs and decorations "]
["Nice arrangement of furniture in old styled house", "all red furniture and dark green walls in this room", "A sitting room with three chairs a settee a sofa and a fire place. ", "a couple of red sofas in a large room", "Very nicely appointed well lit formal living room"]
["Two men in pajamas standing and holding Wii controllers.", "Two men in silly pajamas stand in a living room.", "T grown men in pajamas playing a motion controlled video game", "Two men stand in pajamas playing video games.", "Two men in pajamas are holding Nintendo Wii controllers."]
["A couple of men standing in a living room holding game controllers.", "Two men in their pajamas standing in a room ", "two men in womens pajamas playing on the wii game ", "Two men holding remotes and a couch behind them", "two men standing in a living room while they play a video game "]
["Two men standing in a living room next to a couch holding Wii controllers.", "Two men in pajamas playing a Wii game. ", "Two men smile as they play a video game.", "two males in a living room are playing a video game", "Two men standing with remotes in a rooms"]
["A photograph of a living room and small powder room.", "Inside of a living room with chairs and a curtain.", "a living room that has some furniture in it", "A small furnished apartment's living room and bath.", "A den with a couch, table, monitor and television with a rug."]
["A kitten playing with a video game remote control. ", "A kitten playing with a Nintendo Wii game controller.", "A kitten on a chair playing the strap of a Wii remote.", "a kitten lying on a bed with a ribbon in its mouth holding a cordless phone receiver", "A small cat is laying down on the sofa and having fun. "]
["The cat is playing with the string of a video game remote. ", "A kitten holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.", "A small kitten is laying by a Wii video game controller. ", "a grey cat sleeping besides a remote on the bed", "a kitty playing with a wii remote on the couch"]
["Someone is standing in front of the tv playing the game", "A person wearing jeans pointing a remote at the tv", "Someone is playing a video game standing up.", "A person standing in front of a tv holding a wii remote.", "A woman stands in front of a TV and designs her video game avatar."]
["A group of men sitting in a living room watching a TV.", "A group of people in suits sitting in a room with a television.", "Audience members look upon the stage in an elegantly decorated venue.", "BUSINESS MEETING WITH MEN SITTING AROUND AND TWO MEN SPEAKERS", "A group of people watching two men on a stage."]
["A person standing in a kitchen holding a Nintendo Wii controller.", "a person standing in a living room playing nintendo wii", "A gentleman playing with a video game controller.", "Smiling man on his feet playing Wii in his living room", "A man in a grey shirt holding a Wii remote."]
["A large green couch located in a living room.  ", "a view of someone's living room, surrounding the sofa", "A long green sofa in a room with wood flooring.", "green velvet couch and coffee table with items on it", "Large green couch in the middle of a cluttered living space."]
["A living room are with a fireplace and wooden furniture.", "A living room has a couch, a lamp, and a fireplace.", "Wood is stockpiled in the living room beside the fireplace. ", "a table in a wood floored living room", "a living room full of chairs and a big window "]
["The couple is enjoying the video game with the controllers..", "A man is standing and smiling as he and a woman hold a device.", "A man and a woman are playing Wii.", "A man and a women who are playing video games.", "A man and woman are playing an interactive video game with controllers."]
["A laptop computer keyboard and icons on a computer screen.", "A laptop computer keyboard below it's monitor screen.", "The light makes a keyboard seem to be orange.", "The keyboard of a laptop lit by the screen.", "a powered on open laptop and a keyboard."]
["A desk that has a computer and other various items on it.", "A movie is playing on the computer monitor.", "A computer,key board,cell phones and other electronic gadgets are on the table.", "A computer desk topped with a desktop computer monitor and keyboard.", "A home computer and mouse on a desk."]
["Small living room with a fireplace sitting in the middle of it. ", "The picture shows a living room with a few sofas, a tv, and a table.", "A living room with a rocking chair next to a fireplace.", "A living room with a stone fireplace, Mission style furniture, and wooden blinds.", "A fireplace in a living room with brown blinds. "]
["a curved desk with  keyboard and monitor on it", "A monitor and keyboard is sitting on a table, with the computer processor behind it.", "A desk with a computer, keyboard and monitor.", "A desktop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "A work desk that holds a computer on top. "]
["a living room with a couch and television inside of it ", "A living room scene with a couch, chair and coffee table.", "A clean, well-lit living room with a fireplace is pictured.", "Relaxing traditional living room environment to cozy up in.", "The living room is decorated in brown and orange tones."]
["A couple of chairs and a table in a room.", "A living room with a colorful tapestry on the wall", "A rustic Southwestern living room has a stone fireplace and a rug hanging on the wall.", "A living room filled with furniture and a fire place.", "A clean and neat room with chairs and a couch in front of a television. "]
["a police man is standing in front of doors", "An Officer is on a cell phone as women approach. ", "Three women are walking as a security guard is using a cell phone.", "A police officer that is standing on a carpet looking at his phone.", "some people walking on an orange carpet and a policeman "]
["Living room setting with furniture, fireplace and lamp", "A beige family room with chairs, couch, fireplace, and TV.", "A serene living room is furnished with several choices of a view.", "A living room with carpet, a couch and a television. ", "A nice living room has gold furniture and walls."]
["Two construction workers are walking in front of a cone and parked cars. ", "A small group of construction workers by a crosswalk.", "Two men wearing safety vests and construction hats on a street. ", "Two men at the job site wearing hard hats.", "A safety worker talks on his phone while standing in the street."]
["The room has two couches in front of a tv. ", "The family room is clean and ready for the guests", "Living room with two couches and flat screen tv over top fireplace", "A coffee table stands in a living room.", "A finely furnished and well-lit living room in a nice house."]
["there are several people on the field playing soccer together", "people playing football at the field with others watching", "Two male soccer players and a referee playing on a field at night.", "Two men dash to get control of the soccer ball.", "The two men are battling for control of the soccer ball."]
["A kite flying over a sandy brown beach.", "a kite flying in the sky over a beach", "A kite blows in the wind above a large sandy beach.", "a person playing with a kite on the beach", "A kite in the sky above the sand."]
["People fly kites and relax at a crowded sunlit beach.", "A crowd of people flying kites on a beach.", "A beach full of people and kite flyers.", "A crowded beach is crowded with kites in the sky.", "A sunny day on a public beach with many people enjoying different activities."]
["A brick clock tower with an ornate clock.", "A very tall brick clock tower surrounded by clocks on each of it's sides.", "A brown clock tower with a gold and black clock.", "A very large tower like structure with two clocks on it.", "A brick clock tower has clock faces on two sides."]
["Many kites in different shapes and sizes fill the sky.", "A sky shot of a big bunch of kites flying in the wind.", "A blue sky filled with an assortment of flying kites ", "Some kites are flying in the clouds and traveling together. ", "The group of people came out today to fly their kites."]
["People walking around in the field in front of the Lincoln Memorial.", "Flying a kite in a park in front of a memorial", "A white building stands in the distance while a grassy yard is filled with people and a colorful kit flies in the sky.", "A group of people standing on top of a field flying a kite.", "A person flying a kite in a field in Washington D.C."]
["A group of people standing on a green field.", "Tourists enjoy a day in the park in Washington, DC", "A group of people on a field flying a kite.", "A group of people gather in a park and fly a kite.", "There are a lot of people flyi g the kite in the frass"]
["there are a few people walking on the white sand", "Young children flying a kite at the beach.", "A portrait of a kite flown on beach", "A snow field outside of a ski resort.", "People walk on the beach, with a hut in the distance."]
["A man in orange shirt holding various kites next to cabinet.", "A man holding a pile of kites in his hands.", "There is a man holding some paper kites", "A whtie man wiih glasses holding a stack of kites", "A man holding many sheets of construction paper."]
["Two people flying a kite with blue sky in the background.", "People flying a kite in a grassy field by water.", "A couple of people standing on a field flying kites.", "Two people flying a kite near a body of water.", "A kite is being flown by two people."]
["A desk with a laptop, monitor, mouse and a hand bag.", "A desk with a monitor, laptop, mouse and books on it. ", "a desk with a monitor and a laptop on it. Underneath is a woman's purse ", "This is a computer on top of a light wood desk.", "A computer monitor sitting on top of a wooden desk."]
["Stuffed teddy bear strapped into child safety seat.", "The teddy bear is sitting in the chair made for a baby.", "A stuffed bear that is sitting in a car seat.", "A stuffed teddy bear is fastened into a car seat.  ", "Teddy bear buckled into a child's grey carseat. "]
["A man in the street of a busy city.", "A man feeds wild birds in a public space.", "A man walking next to a carriage in a city", "People walking and riding carts down a city street.", "A man pointing at something that is  above him"]
["A kite flies high in the air near some docks.", "Two young people are flying kites over a park near water.", "A kite is flying through the sky over a lake.", "People are flying kites in a park by the water.", "Some people are flying kites on a sunny day. "]
["a black refrigerator a light a clock and a red floor", "A refrigerator up against a wall inside of a room.", "A black refrigerator is placed in front of two doorways in a room.", "a refrigerator out of place in a kitchen", "A black refrigerator sits in a room in a house."]
["A large golden clock on top of a wooden table.", "An intricate gold clock sitting on a table.", "A gold clock setting on a pedestal. \n", "A Gold Clock sitting on a stand against a wall.", "A clock on a desk up against a wall."]
["A clock that is in between two windows on a building.", "There is a clock displayed in the front of the building. ", "An old-fashioned clock is hanging on a brick building.", "A clock is hanging on the outside of a building. ", "A black clock is hanging on a brick wall"]
["A red brick building sits on a corner and has a tower and a clock.", "A very tall clock tower on top of a brick building.", "A building at corner of street with clock tower.", "There is a building with a clock tower on top.", "a large building made of brick on the corner"]
["A giant stuffed bear is in front of this door.", "A huge stuffed fake bear by a door way.", "a large stuffed brown bear outside a door", "A large teddy bear model is placed outside a door. ", "A small stuffed bear on the front of a porch."]
["Man in khaki shorts and green shirt holding a blue kite. ", "A man and boy standing together on the beach.", "Father and Son on the beach flying a kite.", "A man and a young boy on a beach with a kite.", "A man with a small child holding a kite"]
["a baseball game with the batter catcher and umpire", "A baseball player bats at home base in front of a crowd.", "a baseball player winding up to swing a baseball bat", "A baseball player holding a baseball bat during a baseball game.", "A baseball player prepares to hit the ball during a game."]
["A batter standing in the batter's box waiting to hit the baseball.", "A black and white picture of a baseball batter. ", "A batter at a baseball game who is ready to swing.", "A group of people on a field playing baseball.", "The baseball player in the black and white photo prepares to swing at a pitch."]
["a large blue clock on a brick building", "A gold and black clock on wall next to various bushes.", "there is a blue clock with gold hands", "A clock that is on the side of a brick building. ", "A blue clock in a public area on a brick wall. "]
["A young boy holding a baseball bat next to a green field.", "A young boy who is swinging a baseball bat.", "A little boy playing baseball hits the ball", "A little boy that is standing in the dirt with a bat.", "A boy is getting ready to hit a baseball. "]
["A batter is swinging at a ball while a catcher squats behind him.", "People are playing baseball as an audience watches.", "baseball players playing baseball at a baseball game", "Two baseball players in blue and white hold bats while a catcher in purple holds out his mitt.", "A small cadre of spectators look on as a batter swings at a low ball."]
["A baseball player swinging a bat during a game.", "Uniformed baseball players playing ball at home plate.", "A baseball player is standing in front of a catcher preparing to hit a ball. ", "A batter takes a swing at an oncoming baseball.", "People playing baseball on a baseball field; a man batting."]
["A baseball player swinging at a baseball with two others behind him.", "Ball is coming toward batter with pitcher and umpire standing behind", "A baseball player at home plate with bat in hand ready to swing at the oncoming ball.", "a man at a home plate with a baseball bat", "Three people playing baseball in a pitch with bat and gloves"]
["Off in the distance, a few people dot the stands and the fenced in area bordering a ball field, while an umpire and three uniformed baseball players, including a batter, catcher and outfielder, strike playing poses in the foreground.  ", "a baseball player with a bat on the field ", "Baseball players are playing a baseball game on a field. ", "Batter, catcher, and umpire at home plate during a baseball game.", "a young kid with a baseball bat gets ready to swing at a ball "]
["A baseball player holding a bat next to a base.", "A photo of a baseball game where a guy is at home plate taking a pitch.", "A baseball player attempts to hit a baseball, while a catcher and umpire watch.", "people on a field playing baseball and other watching", "A baseball player holding a bat and a catcher squatting behind him. "]
["A couple of baseball players are on the field. ", "Man in black and white uniform swinging at a baseball. ", "A baseball player in a black and white uniform is next to a player in blue and white.", "A batter swings while the catcher fields the ball.", "A catcher squatting behind a batter who is swinging on a baseball field."]
["A baseball player has just hit the baseball at this game.", "A baseball player with a bat in one hand in running stance.", "A baseball player about to run with a bat in his hand.", "a couple of baseball players are in a field", "a baseball player on the feild with a bat "]
["A boy swings the bat, just hitting the ball, as the catcher and umpire are in the background in this city league baseball game. ", "a young baseball player swinging a baseball bat", "A young child hitting a baseball with a bat.", "Little league baseball players with batter striking the ball.", "The children play baseball together nicely in the sun"]
["A crowd sits on a hill as they watch a baseball player prepare to swing.", "A man holding a baseball bat in his hands and standing on a field.", "A batter up at bat waiting for a pitch.", "A baseball player waiting to swing the bat at the baseball game. ", "people at a baseball game with the batter ready to swing."]
["A baseball player holding a bat on top of a field.", "A baseball player swings a bat at the base plate next to a catcher", "Two baseball players with a bat and glove at the pitch", "A baseball player swings at a baseball and is in the motion. ", "A group of men on a field playing baseball."]
["A large pizza sitting on a pizza pan in the middle of a table.", "A pizza sitting on a pizza stand on a table with a checkered cloth.", "A large pizza being place on the table in front of several people.", "A big vegetable pizza being served in a restaurant.", "A close up of a pizza with people sitting around the table."]
["a pizza is on a silver serving tray on a table", "A full pizza on a table with people sitting over it. ", "A large pizza with various toppings on a platter on a table with people.", "A pizza sitting on a plate on a checkered table .", "A large pizza is shown on a pizza sheet."]
["A young lady swinging a tennis racquet towards a ball.", "woman in white tennis clothes swings a racket", "A woman with a tennis racquet prepares to serve the ball.", "A woman is getting ready to serve a tennis ball.", "The tennis player looks serious as she is about to start her serve. "]
["A woman standing on a tennis court holding a tennis racquet.", "The female tennis player holds her racquet and prepares to hit the ball.", "A woman prepares to serve in a tennis match.", "A tennis player getting ready to serve the ball.", "A woman throws a tennis ball up in the air."]
["A female tennis player holding a ball and a racquet", "a woman leaning over a bit while she holds onto a tennis ball", "A woman prepares to serve the ball during a tennis match.", "A women who is holding a tennis ball and racket.", "A woman holding a tennis ball and a racket on a court."]
["A woman hitting her coaches fist with her first on the court. ", "a blond woman tennis player  in black and a male in white", "Professional tennis player greeting her coach with knuckles.", "A man and woman give each other a fist bump before a tennis game.", "An old man fist bumps a young woman."]
["A whole cheese pizza with a fork and a knife on a table.", "A pizza covered in cheese on top of a white table.", "THERE IS A CHEESE PIZZA THAT IS ON THE PLATE ON THE TABLE ", "A pizza with cheese topping cut into eight slices with a knife and fork resting on the pizza.", "eight slices of a cheese pizza with a fork and knife"]
["A man serving a tennis ball on top of a tennis court.", "A male tennis player prepares to hit the ball", "A man throwing up a ball and getting ready to hit it with a racquet.", "a man with his arm up and getting ready to hit the tenns ball ", "A man on a tennis court is hitting a ball with a racquet."]
["A man running to hit a tennis ball", "a tennis player swigning a racket at a ball", "A man on a tennis court is running with a racquet to hit the ball.", "a man is running an has hit the tennis ball", "A man swinging a tennis racquet at a ball on a court."]
["A bottle sitting on top of a white shelf under a metal shelf.", "A bottle of wine chills in the refrigerator. ", "A bottle of Clos Des Rochers wine in a refrigerator.", "A bottle of wine on it's side in a refrigerator. ", "A bottle of wine sitting on the bottom shelf of  refrigerator."]
["A laptop and keyboard sitting on a cluttered desk.", "A laptop computer on a desk with a mouse, keyboard, and papers", "A computer at a work-desk covered in paper.", "A laptop and a keyboard on a table.", "An open laptop computer sitting on a wooden desk."]
["An open laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden table.", "A laptop computer sitting open on a desk amidst other things", "The papers lie haphazardly beside the small laptop.", "Small silver laptop sitting on top of a wooden computer desk. ", "a desk covered with paperwork and a laptop "]
["Two people in hard hats sitting in a golf cart.", "a man sitting in a golf cark while talking on a cell phone ", "A man talking on a cell phone, on a golf cart.", "the director's utility vehicle is parked a a distance from the center of attraction.", "Two people sit on a golf cart, the man is on the phone."]
["The front of a business that sells teddy bears.", "A store building with stuffed bears in the window.", "A large teddy bear standing next to a window filled with stuffed bears in front of a building.", "A giant teddy bear stands in front of a teddy bear store.", "an orange brick building with a window and a big mascot "]
["Electronic computer items displayed on wooden desk in office.", "A wooden desk work station with computers in it.", "two computes in an office space. one is a lap top ", "A laptop computer sits next to two computer mice, a keyboard, and a square computer monitor.", "A laptop and a keyboard on a desk."]
["A booth with salesman trying to track down", "Employees staff a booth promoting HP, Intel, and Beats products.", "A HP stand setup, with two people at it.", "Two people standing at a booth selling headphones. ", "A man and woman smiling while in a booth promoting electronics. "]
["A little boy that is sitting in front of a laptop.", "A boy is using a laptop computer on a table.", "a small boy with a laptop and a mouse and brown desk", "a kid is sitting in front of a laptop", "A boy operating a mouse and viewing a laptop."]
["A bus next to a rest stop area featuring a clock on the roof.", "Seating and depot for mass transit ticket sales.  ", "A building with machines in front of it and a monitor.", "The time is nearly 11am according to the clock at the bus station.", "A ticket booth with a clock tower and a newspaper dispenser."]
["A clock tower stands over a city landscape.", "A clock tower standing near a city street.", "A steeple of a building is lit by the sun while the rest of the street is in shadows.", "Cars driving on a street in front of a building with a clock tower.", "an image of a clock tower high in  the air"]
["A church with grey clouds and cars moving down the street", "A old church at the corner of intersecting streets.", "Old church with trees in front of it.", "Many trees are outside of the church on the lawn.", "A church building reaching up into the dark, cloudy sky."]
["A young and a woman sitting down outside with a laptop between them.", "a woman and boy sitting with a laptop between them", "A boy and a woman sitting with a laptop between them.", "A woman sitting next to a young man who is holding a computer.", "A young boy and a woman sit with a laptop between them. "]
["A teddy bear sticking out of a postal shipping box.", "A brown stuffed bear is sitting in a Postal Service box.", "A large teddy bear is holding up a priority mail box from the post office.", "a bear pokes his head out of a priority mail box ", "Bear stuffed in top of priority mail box "]
["A kitchen table with a stove top and an open laptop computer.", "Ingredients and recipe ready to make a cake at home", "On a kitchen counter are a laptop, candy, and cooking supplies.", "A kitchen counter with ingredients spread over it", "A kitchen counter covered with odds and ends."]
["A small teddy bear holding a toy camera.", "A brown teddy bear is sitting on a table, holding a camera.", "Stuffed toy bears on display on shelf in large room.", "A teddy bear that is holding a camera.", "A group of stuffed animals sitting on top of a table."]
["A couple of teddy bears sitting on top of a table.", "The two stuffed animals are on the table ", "a stuffed bear and a stuffed monkey on a table", "A stuffed teddy bear and monkey sit side by side on a table", "Two stuffed animals sit on a table. "]
["Stuffed teddy bears and an eagle on a bamboo wall hanging.", "A wooden wreath with a stuffed penguin and bears sitting inside.", "A homemade wreath with stuffed bears and a bird.", "A holiday wreath with stuffed teddy bears and a penguin.", "a stuffed animal decoration hanging on a wall"]
["A MAN IS ON STAGE SINGING WHILE SOMEONE HANDS HIM A BEAR", "A man holding a microphone up to his face.", "A fan gives a teddy bear as a gift to the singer.", "A man on stage being handed a teddy bear ", "a man is talking in to a microphone on stage"]
["A pink flower in a can in front of a mirror.", "A very pretty flower in tall thin carton with writing on it.", "A Pringles can as a vase with a  pink carnation.", "Pink carnation inside a potato chip can being used as vase.", "A single pink carnation sits in a cardboard carton in front of a mirror."]
["A man wearing a demonic joker shirt using a smart phone.", "A man with a Beetlejuice shirt is looking at a phone.", "A man at a gathering looking at his phone.", "A man in a bar using a cell phone.", "A man uses a stylus on his mobile device amongst a crowd of people."]
["a vase on top of a table with a weird looking flower in it.", "The small, slim flower is in a colorful glass vase.", "A glass vase holding a flower on a wood table.", "There is a green bottle vase with a flower in it", "A Bird of Paradise flower in a decorated glass bottle"]
["A man standing in front of plates of food on a white counter.", "A man who is cutting some fruits with a knife.", "a male in a black shirt is making some food", "a man that is cutting up some kind of fruit", "A man preparing food at a kitchen counter "]
["A room with a table, chairs, oven and pots.", "A microwave oven sitting on a table with pots on top.", "A microwave with two pots on top of it.", "A toaster oven with two pots on top of it with a measuring cup next to it. ", "A microwave on a kitchen table with two pots on top of it."]
["A series of photos showing how to make a smoothie.", "A blender filled with fruit and cream sitting on a table.", "Variety of fruits being placed into a blender. ", "Smoothie ingredients are in a blender including blueberries, strawberries, and bananas.", "Three images showing the making of a smoothie."]
["A blender has a clear glass measure container.", "A wooden table with a black and silver blender.", "A small blender that has a glass container.", "A blender with a black base and glass canister.", "A picture of a blender waiting to be used. "]
["Bright orange flowers in a jar partially filled with water.", "Two orange flowers sitting in a glass of water.", "Orange and yellow flowers sitting inside a glass vase. ", "Two flowers are placed in a vase with water.", "an image of two  sunflowers in a glass"]
["Two young girls at a table using a laptop", "Kids are sitting on chairs at desks on laptop computers.", "A couple of kids sitting in front of a laptop computer.", "Several children smiling and sitting while playing on computers.", "Children are sitting at the wooden table together"]
["a table with a laptop and asoorted wires on it ", "A router, coffee mug and side of a laptop with things plugged in", "Several wires around a laptop and other electrical boxes.", "A jumble of cables and cords connected to various electronic devices.", "A closeup of various cords and hard drives plugged into the side of a laptop."]
["The park has a outside clock displayed. ", "A huge clock with roman numerals mounted on a wall.", "A large brick structure with a clock on it", "A brick sign for the Royal Observatory of Greenwich.", "The Royal Observatory Greenwich sign has a strange machine that looks like a clock but is not one."]
["A smiling man is on a white laptop computer.", "A man sits in a dimly lit room using a laptop computer.", "A man with a smile uses a laptop ", "A man sitting in front of a white laptop computer smiling.", "A ,man smiles as he uses his white apple mac book."]
["Looking down at a cup of hot chocolate in a saucer with spoon", "A cup of coffee and spoon on a table.", "Hot chocolate in a coffee cup with a spoon.", "A cup with a warm beverage on a saucer with a spoon.", "A coffee cup with flavored coffee in it."]
["A man talking on a phone walking near to a field.", "a man walking down a sidewalk while talking on a cell phone ", "A man in jeans walks ourside holding a cell phone.", "A man on a phone with mountains in the background.", "A man walking down a sidewalk holding a cell phone to his ear."]
["A woman wearing a scarf and looking at a cell phone.", "A woman wearing a scarf uses her mobile phone.", "A woman is looking at her cell phone.", "A woman wearing a white and black scarf types on her cell phone.", "A girl looking at her phone in a bar."]
["A photo of a kitchen that has a stainless steel stove. ", "A neatly organized kitchen with blue counter tops. ", "a black oven blue counters and a brown table and chairs", "A kitchen with a stove, blue counters and a large dining room table with chairs", "A kitchen and dining room are empty, but a light is on."]
["people carrying a machine outside a wooden house", "A couple of men moving appliances outside of a home.", "Two men moving a cabinet in the sun ", "Two men in blue shirts moving a large black refrigerator.", "two guys are outside moving a refrigerator "]
["A crowd of people standing around in a room.", "A group of people near three costumed individuals.  ", "A crowd of people are moving around as a man in devil costume comes through.", "A group of people in a room standing around.", "A group of people with some in costumes."]
["A notebook, pen, eye glasses, watch, cellphone and camera sitting on a wood surface.", "a cell phone a watch a digital camera on a table", "A cellphone and other device on a wooden surface.", "He got all his items laid out to take to work.", "A group of electronics, eye glasses and a day book."]
["A couple of people walking down the street.", "A woman is walking by a sing with her cellphone.", "A women who is walking while on her cell phone.", "a woman walking past a sign while talking on a cell phone \n", "A woman and man walking on the street while the woman talks on her cell phone. "]
["A young woman with tattoos using her cell phone..", "Young woman with multiple piercings and a tattoo on her left arm", "A woman in a black and white dress stands.", "A hipster emo chick with lots of tattoos on her arm.", "The woman in the black and white dress has a colorful tattoo."]
["A man covered in tattoos talking on a phone.", "A man with a lot of tattoos on his body and head sitting in an audience and talking on a cell phone. ", "A person sitting in a chair on a cell phone.", "A large man with many tattoos is talking on a phone with his back to the camera.", "A man with full body tattoos is on his cell phone. "]
["A woman wearing a witches hat and a talking on a cell phone.", "A woman in  a hat using a cell phone", "A woman in a costume is on the cell phone.", "A woman wearing a hat talking on a cell phone.", "A woman is screaming on her cell phone."]
["Caucasian girl talking on a cell phone in public.", "A woman at a restaurant tries to hear her cell phone.", "the woman is sitting down holding her phone to her ear", "A woman looks distressed as she talks on her phone.", "A girl is trying to have a conversation on her cell phone in a noisy bar."]
["a male and a female the male has a cellphone the female a bottle of water", "A young man and a young lady are reading something on a cell phone in a classroom.", "A man and a woman in front of a large whiteboard, looking at a cell phone.", "A couple looking at the smart phone of the man.", "One person with a water bottle, and another person with a cellphone."]
["a small kitchen with a lot of counter space ", "A kitchen with a black stove top oven near a counter.", "A very big nice looking kitchen and a living room.", "a kitchen island with a double sink fridge and stove", "A beautiful view of a kitchen and living room is displayed."]
["A wooden table topped with a microwave and a toaster.", "A table is cluttered with various kitchen supplies.", "A breakfast table is cluttered with a microwave, toaster and other items.", "a brown table with a toaster a plate and a black microwave", "A dining table holding a microwave and a toaster."]
["A small kitchen including a microve and small refrigerator.", "A kitchen area with a refrigerator, stove and a trash can.", "microwave sits on top of fridge next to the trash can", "This microwave is sitting on top of a refrigerator.", "A refrigerator with a microwave on top of it."]
["A small toaster oven sitting on top of a wooden table.", "toaster oven set up on table in a communal room", "A toaster oven is sitting on top of a table in a classroom. ", "A toaster oven in a state of mild dis-assembly on a workbench.", "a toaster oven, two people sitting at a table and a ;lady walking with a purse"]
["a person with a black oven mit is taking a pan out of the oven", "A person reaches into an oven to take out some muffins.", "A person getting muffins out of an oven.", "A man in black jacket removing tin of muffins from oven.", "A muffin tray that is inside of a oven."]
["A metal stove and a counter in a room.", "The stove is built into the counter top. ", "this kitchen has granite tops and a built in oven", "The stovetop is appropriate for the contemporary kitchen.", "A metal stove sits under a granite countertop in a kitchen."]
["A man is standing at an open refrigerator door.", "A man standing in front of a shelf filled with supplies.", "A man with an open refrigerator reaching inside of it.", "A black man opens his fridge and looks inside. ", "A man holds open a refrigerator door and leans."]
["The clock tower is in the center of the building. ", "A brick building with many windows and a clock tower in the middle of the building.", "A clock tower in the middle of a large city.", "a large brown windowed building with a tall clocktower", "a huge building with a four sided clock "]
["A dome towers above other buildings with an ornate gold statue", "A building with a gold steeple under a cloudy sky", "A building displaying a clock on the dome.  ", "A church dome tower topped with a clock and golden spire.", "The tower of a building with a small clock on the side."]
["A clock attached to a building outside for others to see.", "A clock on a post in front of a building.", "a blue clock pole outside an older building", "Clock on pedestal in front of older building. ", "A tall antique black and gold clock tower."]
["A large metal clock tower below very tall building.", "An illuminated clock in a clock tower that looks slightly Art Deco. ", "a tower with a clock with buildings in the background", "A tall clock tower against a blue sky.", "A view of an architectural building topped with a clock tower."]
["A kitchen with several appliances sitting near a refrigerator.", "This kitchen has a white tile back splash, white cabinets, and a white refrigerator.", "A small kitchen with stove, fridge and microwave", "A kitchen with drawers, refrigerator, cabinets and a stove in it.", "a stove refrigerator and microwave in the kitchen "]
["A dark city street lined with stone buildings", "A city street with old and new buildings in the distance.", "A city with tall buildings and a large clock tower.", "Large clock tower on top of a large city building. ", "A view of a city through a building corridor. . "]
["A very tall building with a pointing roof and a clock on the side of it.", "a big building with a clock inside of it ", "There is a clock on the spire above the church.", "The tall building have a clock in the middle of it.", "A steeple with a clock showing 1:11 and top of a brown building with spires against a white sky."]
["A group of kitchen appliances on a metal table", "A kitchen table topped with a microwave and a yellow mixer.", "A KITCHEN WITH A MICROWAVE A MIXER ON THE TABLE", "A toaster oven, food processor, and mixer with bowl", "A counter top with a different appliances on it."]
["A clock shows it is just after 10:00 o'clock. ", "a tall clock tower with a sky in the abckground", "A picture of a tall building with a clock on it.", "A tall stone clock tower stands against a blue sky.", "tall clock tower made of grey brick stands tall"]
["Two tourists standing in front of an old historical building with statues on pedestals.", "Two people stand in front of a building.", "Two people standing with their arms around each other, near a huge brick building with a clock on a tower", "Two people are standing outside a large building.", "A couple of people standing next to a bunch of old buildings."]
["a picture of a vase with flowers coming out of it", "A vase filled with a long green leafy plant.", "An painting of a green plant in vase.", "A flower in a pot that is sitting on a counter.", "a print of a flower in a blue vase "]
["Flowers sitting in vases that are on a wooden table.", "beautiful yellow flowers displayed in clear glass vases", "Slender clear vases of water hold various flower arrangements.", "A group of tall thin glass vases holding flowers sit on a table.", "Two vases filled with flowers and water sitting on a table."]
["A bouquet of flowers in a clear glass.", "Red and pink fresh flowers in a glass vase. ", "A close-up of flowers and a glass cup.", "Fresh cut flowers in a glass of water", "A vase filled with red and pink flowers."]
["A large clock sitting above a red Samuel Cooper sign.", "A clock sits on top of the store sign.", "A clock that is siting above a sign.", "a pub sign atttached to an outside wall with a clock above it", "A clock on the top of a sign that is mounted on a building"]
["A tall white clock tower with a black clock on each of it's sides.", "A clock tower that has a weather vein on the top.", "A clock tower with black and gold design on the clock.", "A clock tower with a weather vane on the top.", "a large tower that has a big clock on it"]
["A clock mounted with chains outside a building", "A two tone blue clock is hanging by a pole.", "A decorative blue and green clock hangs from the ceiling.", "A large blue and green clock hanging by chains.", "A clock tower painted in white, blue, and green."]
["A little girl is playing with a hair dryer", "a little girl is sitting down holding a hair dryer", "A young girl on the floor blow drying her hair", "A young child holds a hair dryer to her hair.", "A little girl that is playing with a hair dryer."]
["A young girl tries to comb her own hair. ", "A young child brushing her hair with a big pink brush.", "A young girl is trying to brush her hair with a pink brush", "a little girl with a bunny shirt brushing her hair with a pink brush", "A young girl is combing her hair and looking at the camera. "]
["a tall clock tower near a building near a tree ", "A church bell tower rising above a stone church.", "The tower of the building has a clock displayed on the front of it.", "A very tall brick building towering over a smaller building.", "A tall tower connected to an old building."]
["A large red brick clock tower with a clock on each of it's sides.", "A tall building has several clocks on the sides.", "a building with wind vane on top, and a clock in middle", "a brown square brick tower with clocks on it ", "A brick tower with a clock on the two visible faces"]
["A cut in half bagel sandwich sitting on top of a plate.", "a close up of a sandwich on a plate ", "The ham, egg, and cheese bagel sandwich is cut in half. ", "Ham and fried egg on a bagel with cheese.", "A ham and cheese bagel sandwich sliced in half on a plate."]
["A person sitting in front of a plate of pancakes. ", "A person is holding a fork with pancakes on a plate.  ", "A stack of pancakes on a plate in front of a person holding a fork with a bite of pancake on it.", "A man sitting at a table with a plate of food.", "a close up of a person eating a plate of food "]
["Someone has hung those stuffed Animals from the top of the bridge.", "Three different stuffed animals hanging from a bridge", "Three pinatas hanging up in the rafters, above the ground.", "Three stuffed animals hanging on the structure of a train track.", "Three stuffed toys are hanging from a metal beam. "]
["Several stuffed animals handing from a metal rail. ", "A line of stuffed animals hanging from a roof rafter.", "stuffed animals are hanging from a metal bridge.", "A group of three stuffed animals standing on a counter.", "A bunch of teddy bears hanging from the rafters. "]
["A plaque on the floor in front of a chair and grandfather clock.", "A chair standing in a hallway on a wooden floor.", "A chair and contraption between a grandfather clock and a plaque on a floor.", "A clock that is sitting in front of a chair.", "A chair sitting in the middle of a floor"]
["A brown teddy bear standing next to bottles of honey.", "A very cute teddy bear sitting with a bunch of honey.", "THERE IS A BEAR THAT IS NEXT TO BEARS IN HONEY JARS", "A small stuffed bear next to several honey containers that look like bears.", "Display of honey in various types of containers with a bear sitting in front."]
["A picture of a clock tower with small bells.", "A clock tower with visible bells in front of a mountain.", "A large clock with a white and blue dial stands near a restaurant.", "A gray clock tower is against the blue sky.", "A tower clock with large bells above it."]
["A picture of a plane taking off from miles away from the airport.", "A city filled with buildings and street lights. ", "Clouds loom over the city skyline with a clocktower in the front.", "in this photo you can see many buildings and a tall tower with a clock", "A roof top view of a city under cloudy skies."]
["A large clock tower on top of a church next to a road.", "a city scene with residential and commercial buildings and cars", "A city street is busy with traffic during the day.", "A city street with cars and businesses. ", "Cars make their way down the street by an old clock tower and other older buildings."]
["A large clock mounted on the wall of a stone building", "A clock is in a window in a brick building.", "A close up of a clock on a wall of a building.", "Outside of a building with a large clock with a silver face.", "A large clock on the side of a building."]
["A slender, yellow vase containing many purple flowers.", "A bunch of purple flowers in a small pot or vase.", "A yellow vase of purple flowers and green stems.", "A yellow vase full of blooming purple tulips.", "Bouquet of purple tulips in a beige colored vase. "]
["A young man holding blue handled scissors to his tongue.", "A man holds scissors to his protruding tongue, as if to cut it off.", "A man holding scissors in his hand pretending to cut his tongue.", "A young man holds a pair of scissors as if he will cut off his tongue.", "A man cutting off his tongue with scissors."]
["A picture of a rock, a book, and a pair of scissors.", "a black and white photo of a rock a book and some scissors", "Three images of a rock, a book, and scissors placed in the ground.", "A negative strip reveals photographs of a rock, a book, and scissors.", "Three black and white pictures depict rock, paper, scissors."]
["A young man poses for a photo with his mouth open.", "A man holding scissors over his head getting ready to cut his hair ", "A man holding a scissor towards is pony tale.", "a man is holding scissors up to his hair", "a man has a scisoors in hand about to cut his hair "]
["A couple of stuffed bears next to a tree.", "Brown and white teddy bears sitting underneath a christmas tree. ", "Two teddy bears in a winter scene with a sled.", "Two teddy bears under a tree, surrounded by fake snow.", "A group of stuffed teddy bears sitting next to a small door."]
["A life-size palace guard-dressed teddy bear outside a shop ", "Stuffed British guard outside of building with black door and red trim.", "A mascot stands just around the corner of a building. ", "A giant teddy bear figure dressed like a palace guard by a building.", "A statue sitting by the road near a door."]
["A large brown stuffed animal laying in the aisle of a retail store.", "A teddy bear that has fallen of the shelf at a store.", "A large stuffed teddy bear in a store aisle. ", "One bear has fallen down from a row and laying in an aisle.", "A grocery store with teddy bears and one is on the floor."]
["Pancakes with blueberries and powdered sugar on a plate.", "Breakfast consists of three blueberry pancakes with butter on the side.", "The three pancakes are covered with blueberries near jelly.", "there are pancakes with blueberries on a white plate with a cup of ice cream", "Pancakes and blueberries on a plate with some butter"]
["A plate with an uneaten sandwich sitting beside a glass of beer.", "a white plate with some bread cucumbers tomatoes and other food items", "a plate that has some food on it", "A plate of food and a beverage are on a table.", "This is an open faced sandwich with several components."]
["A young boy and girl sitting and eating at a childs table with a dog nearby.", "A baby girl and boy eat at a tiny table.", "two little kids sitting at a table eating food.", "Two children sitting at a small table eating some food with a small dog nearby.", "Two toddlers eating at a child's table with a dog watching them."]
["there is a white bowl of food that is on the table", "A bowl with onions, carrots, peppers and other vegetables.", "A bowl of some leafy looking soup atop a plate.", "A white bowl full of cooked vegetables ready to eat.", "A white bowl filled with a salad on top of a plate."]
["A person tends to stir fry in a kitchen while another person watches.", "A man is cooking a pan full of various foods. ", "A woman is frying vegetables and meat while a man stares in the background.", "A man in kitchen with a woman holding a pot lid and a spoon in stir fry on stove top..", "A chef getting ready to stir up some stir fry in the pan."]
["A couple of women sitting at a dinner table.", "Here are two generations enjoying Asian cuisine  at a restaurant. ", "some people at different tables and plates of food", "Two women sit at a dinner table surrounded by plates of food. ", "An older woman and a young woman eating at a table."]
["A man eating raw oysters at a picnic table by the water.", "a man that has some bottles of wine on a picnic table", "A man standing in front of a table with a plate of oysters.", "a man standing by a table with some food and glasses on it ", "a man eating an oyster with hot sauce and a beer"]
["A couple of women standing on either side of a man wearing glasses.", "Two women and a man are holding glasses up at a wine tasting.", "Three young adults holding wine glasses while standing at a bar.", "A group of people sit holding glasses and smiling at a table with several bottles.", "A group of people at a celebration having a taste of wine."]
["There is no image here to provide a caption for.", "Group of people standing in front of a table with wine glasses. ", "A group of people sitting around a table with glasses of wine.", "A group of people having dinner and drinking wine. ", "a group of people sitting at a long table drinking glasses of wine "]
["A group of people holding up wine glasses.", "A number of people making a toast holding beverage glasses.", "Four people are gathered together drinking wine. ", "A group of mature people celebrate with wine. ", "Four glasses of wine being brought together by people."]
["A man examines an electronic device standing by a table.", "A man is standing near shelves full of electronic equipment.", "Man looking confusingly at remote in a quaint, modest apartment.", "a man stands in front of a table with a wine glass in hand ", "The man is standing by the table using his phone."]
["A woman holding up a wine glass in a dining room.", "A woman seated at a table is holding a glass of wine.", "A person that is holding a wine glass.", "Woman sitting at a restaurant holding a wine glass.  ", "a lady is drinking some liquid pretty happily"]
["Two people in tan long sleeve shirts with two dark laptops. ", "a table with some laptops and arms on it", "A couple of people using laptops at a long desk.", "A bunch of people using laptops, on a desk.", "A laptop, mouse, and organizer sitting on a desk."]
["A couple of beautiful women talking to an older man.", "A woman with a camera is talking to a snow skier.", "A camera is set up on a tripod near a man in a red jacket and a helmet.", "A couple of people that are in the snow.", "A man gets his picture taken at a ski resort"]
["A flat screen TV next to a fire place in a living room.", "And image of a baby on a flat screen television.", "A large flat screen television is displaying a laughing baby.", "A movie on a big screen television features a smiling baby. ", "A TV SET IS IN THE LVING ROOM WITH A FIRE PLACE"]
["A small child watching home videos on T.V.", "A toddler with blond hair in the foreground, and in the background, a baby on a television screen.", "A young blonde child is holding something pink. ", "An adorable little girl standing in front of a TV with a baby on the screen.", "There is a baby on the television screen."]
["People gathered talking in a plaza while one holds an umbrella.", "A woman holding an umbrella standing behind a crowd of people.\n", "A woman is using her cellphone under an umbrella while several people stand in the background.", "A group of people are standing outside while one holds an open umbrella.", "People are standing in the street while talking."]
["People walking around downtown and a man riding his bike.", "A street scene with people walking and a man on a moped.", "A large group of people and a man on a motor bike.", "A man riding a scooter down a sidewalk in a green shirt.", "A man rides a motorcycle on the sidewalk."]
["A picture of an older man cutting a turkey on the counter.", "A group of people that are standing in the kitchen.", "A group of people standing over some food.", "Three people agree in the kitchen near a cluttered bar.", "a number of people in a kitchen preparing food"]
["The kitchen has many grill with pots hanging all around.", "A kitchen with a large stove and hanging pots.", "An older industrial kitchen with many pots and pans.", "A kitchen with a large stove and a lot of pots.", "This is a run down kitchen with a lot of cooking pans."]
["a woman in the kitchen cooking some food", "A smiling woman stands at a sink in a crowded kitchen.", "A smiling woman stands in the narrow isle space between kitchen counters, lining a tight kitchen space that holds cabinets and a sink and cooking area with one covered and one open, boiling pot.  .", "A lady working in the sink of a kitchen with pans on the stove.", "a lady that is at a sink in a kitchen"]
["A couple of women standing in a kitchen preparing food.", "Two mature women preparing food together in a kitchen.", "Two women are preparing food in a kitchen.", "Two women are in kitchen by a cut up turkey.", "Two ladies with eye glasses in the kitchen preparing food next to a sink."]
["A kitchen counter covered in metal bowls and dishes filled with food.", "A kitchen table with many pots of food on it", "The kitchen is full of many used pots and pans.", "A table full of various pots and pans.", "a kitchen area with many pots pans and bowls"]
["A stainless steel table is in the middle of the large room.", "A kitchen with several stainless steel appliances and two large windows. ", "a kitchen area with a microwave large windows and tables", "a kitchen with a fridge and a big oven", "A picture of various stainless steal appliances that include a drink dispenser and microwave."]
["A woman is walking her two dogs on the beach.", "A young woman walking her dog along the sea shore.", "The lady walks a pair of odd-looking dogs along the seashore.", "A woman on the water with a dog on a leash.", "A woman is standing on the beach with dogs."]
[" Quaint kitchen with a wooden dining table ", "A wooden table with four place mats and a blue bowl.", "A kitchen that is small with a table ", "The kitchen is clean and ready to use. ", "A kitchen with a table, sink, microwave and plates."]
["There's a kitchen with toaster sitting on the counter between the oven and stove", "Black oven sitting inside a set of wooden cabinets. ", "a room showing a toaster and oven lights on", "A kitchen is shown with several appliances and cabinets.", "A corner of a very dim lit kitchen with a bright window."]
["A white stove top oven sitting inside of a kitchen.", "a kitchen wit ha stove cupboards and a microwave", "The dated kitchen with older appliances is clean but empty.", "An old kitchen has wooden cabinets and an electric stove.", "A kitchen containing an oven, a microwave and a kitchen island."]
["A humble kitchen has a stove and microwave. ", "a kitchen with a stove a sink and a microwave", "A kitchen with a stove, oven and sink with a counter.", "A kitchen with numerous things in the room. \n", "The kitchen looks clean and there are flowers."]
["A blurry photo of a kitchen and a dining room.", "a kitchen with a brown dining table set and a potted plant on the counter", "A dining area features a dark wood dining table and chairs while a small kitchen with wood accents is situated beyond.", "A small efficiency apartment with a dark wooden table.", "An empty kitchen and dining room during the day."]
["A man standing in a kitchen ironing his clothes while cooking food.", "A person in the kitchen ironing and checking the contents of a pot.", "Man ironing while opening a pot on top of a stove. ", "A person that is ironing some clothes and getting some food.", "A young man checks on his cooking while he irons."]
["Two white plates sit on the edge of a table holding pizza slices with fried eggs on them.", "a close up of two slices of pizza on two plates", "A wooden table with slices of pizza on it.", "on this table there are two plates of pizza", "A wooden rolling pin on a table nears some pizza topped with eggs."]
["A kitchen with a black stove top oven.", "A shiny counter with a sink and stove in a tiled kitchen.", "The kitchen is clean and is ready to be cooked in", "a white brick wall in a home kitchen", "This kitchen has dark counter tops and a white tile back splash."]
["a kitchen with a nasty dirty kitchen with a light beam through the window", "a kitchen area with a sink a counter and cupboards", "A kitchen with lots of counter top space and clutter.", "The sun shines in on an unused kitchen.", "The sunlight coming through the window of a kitchen. "]
["a counter with vegetables, knife and cutting board on it. ", "asparragus, lemons and a bowl of rice on a counter top", "The preparation of salmon, asparagus and lemons. ", "Cooking table with assorted fish and lemons with asparagus. ", "A kitchen counter with cutting board, knife and food."]
["A women using sports equipment on the water.", "The girl is surfing a small wave in the water. ", "A women who is riding a wave on a surfboard.", "a man riding in the ocean on a surfboard.", "A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard."]
["there is a female surfer that is riding a small wave ", "A woman riding on top of a wave on a surfboard.", "A woman that is standing on a surfboard in the water.", "The girl is riding the small wave on her board ", "Woman surfing on a small wave in the water."]
["A bowl of food sitting on top of a white kitchen counter.", "a large number of white cabinets in a kitchen", "A white modern kitchen is on display in this photo.", "A spotless white kitchen with some sort of platter on the counter.", "A white kitchen counter with a big, brown bowl on it."]
["Two people sit in the sand with their surf boards. ", "Two people sit on the beach with surfboards at their sides.", "two people sitting on a beach with surf boards near by", "Two people sitting on the beach looking out to sea with their surf boards.", "Two people sitting on a sandy beach next to surfboards."]
["A clean counter top with flowers and a sink.", "The black sink contrasts with the coral countertop and white painted cupboards.", "Renovated kitchen with deep sink and formica counters", "A small kitchen with a red counter and dual black sink.", "A kitchen with pink counters and a sink."]
["A woman gathers the trash in her kitchen.", "Woman standing inside a small kitchen with a stove and counter space. ", "A woman works in a kitchen with wood cupboards.", "A woman standing in a kitchen getting putting trash into a bag.", "A woman standing in a kitchen in an apartment."]
["The kitchen area is clean and ready to be used.", "a kitchen with a bunch of white cabinets ", "A kitchen that has white cabinets in it.", "A kitchen has all white cabinetry and stainless appliances.", "A metal faucet sitting on top of a sink next to a  coffee maker."]
["A brown cat laying in a white bathroom sink.", "A little cat peeking up from inside a bathroom sink.", "A cat peeking out from a bathroom sink.", "A cat in a sink and having his/her head stick out.", "A picture of a cat lying inside a dry sink"]
["A bathroom with white counters, wooden cabinets and a toilet.", "a bath room with a toilet a sink and a large mirror", "A good picture of a bathroom in a well lit area. ", "A bathroom with large mirror with bright lights above.", "A toilet sitting next to a bathroom counter with a sink and a mirror."]
["Inside of a bathroom with a sink and toilet.", "a clean bathroom with a stand up shower ", "A bathroom with brown cabinets, a toilet and a glass shower. ", "A bathroom with clear glass shower door and tile floor.", "a toilet sits next to a shower and sink "]
["A white bathroom with a walk in shower and a toilet.", "There is no toilet paper in this tiny, claustrophobic bathroom. ", "Shampoo and soap holder sitting next to a shower door.", "a bathroom with a toilet and a shower", "A bathroom rack is standing haphazardly on the outside of a shower stall."]
["A large white bathroom with large sink and windows.", "A white bath tub sitting under a long mirror.", "A modern, tiled bathroom with shower and sink", "A bathroom sink with a rectangle mirror on the wall.", "Inside of a bathroom with a sink and a mirror."]
["A white toilet in a bathroom next to a door.", "A door opens to a bathroom, all that is scene is a toilet. ", "Closed toilet, next to shower and sink, in cramped bathroom.", "A clean white toilet with the lid down in a bathroom.", "THERE IS A TOILET AND A TRASH CAN IN THE BATHROOM "]
["A white toilet in a bathroom next to a  sink.", "a white toilet and a large sink in a bathroom", "There is a toilet with the seat up in the bathroom.", "A white toilet and a sink in a room.", "The bathroom has tile floors and a nice counter and sink."]
["The bathroom is small but clean and neat looking, with an immaculate black and white tub / shower.", "A bathroom with a black and white bathtub next to a toilet.", "A small, white bathroom in a private residence.", "A restroom is sitting empty with a tub and toilet.", "A bathroom has a custom bathtub with no curtain"]
["A person kneeling down behind a surfboard on a bike.", "A woman with a surf board tethered to a bicycle.", "A surfer at the beach with their board rigged to the side of a bicycle.", "A surfer at the beach stands next to his bike that has his surf board attached to it. ", "A person at the beach in a wetsuit next to a bike with a surfboard attached."]
["a group of urinals is near the trees", "a bathroom with the urinals facing an open view of plants outside", "A line of urinals in an open restroom.", "A group of urinals sitting next to each other in a restroom.", "A row of urinals in an open-air rest room."]
["A man stands with his bike in ankle deep water in a flooded city.", "A man on a bike in a street that is flooded.", "A man on a bicycle stands in flooding waters.", "A man in shorts sits on his bike, surrounded by flood water up to his calf. ", "A boy sits on a bicycle in a flooded street."]
["A man sits with his bike on the beach", "The bicyclist is taking a rest along the ocean shore.", "A man leans his bike against a sign and sits on a bank watching the sea.", "A man sitting next to a bike near the beach.", "A person sitting by the water with a bike."]
["a toilet sits next to a shower an sink ", "A tissue box sits on top of the toilet tank in a bathroom.", "A photo of a toilet inside the bathroom. ", "Tissue box on top of a toilet tank.", "Tissue box on toilet near wooden wall and garbage can."]
["A young girl washing her hands at a sink while someone watches.", "A little girl in a red dress with a red flower in her hair standing at a sink.", "The little girl is fascinated by her reflection.", "a little girl is standing in front of a mirror", "a man takes a picture of a little girl standing in front of a mirror "]
["Closed toilet in a narrow, tiled bathroom, with sink and shower stall.", "Bathroom with a standup shower, toilet and sink.", "A bathroom with white tile and a toilet", "A white and black tiled bathroom with toilet and sink.", "The bathroom is clean and ready to be used. "]
["A little girl in a public bathroom for kids.", "A girl standing next to a toilet in a bathroom.", "Little girl in blue dress standing in a bathroom. ", "An adorable little girl in a blue dress stands in a restroom.", "A little girl in a blue dress stands in a bathroom."]
["A bathroom mirror with a chrome towel holder and faucet and a window above.", "Side by side mirrors in a very tall room.", "A VIEW OF A BATHROOM WITH A SINK AND MIRROR ", "A sleek white bathroom with a mirror and a window.", "A mirror mounted on a wall in a small bathroom."]
["a girl is riding her bike down the street", "The young girl is riding her bike down the street. ", "The girl is riding her bicycle in the street.", "a woman riding a bike down the street ", "a female riding a bike down the street"]
["A bathroom with a blue shower curtain and blue walls.", "A bathroom with a toilet and a blue shower curtain.", "a bath room with a toilet a sink and a bath tub", "A very small rest room with a shower, toilet and sink.", "A small bathroom with a classic checkered floor, blue walls, and a matching blue shower curtain."]
["A light brown bathroom with a white toilet and sink.", "A bathroom while tile floors and walls and large bowl shaped sink.", "A bathroom with a white toilet next to a sink under a window.", "A tiled bathroom showing a country sink basin, toilet and mirror.", "A bathroom has yellow tile and white fixtures."]
["A cozy bed stands between two windows within an upstairs bedroom.", "A bedroom loft with a large bed and side tables.", "a bedroom that has a bed with a plaid quilt and the room has two windows.. ", "A bedroom in the loft of a wooden cabin", "The bed is in a rustic looking room with a plaid comforter. "]
["A white and green bathroom with sink and toilet.", "A white toilet bowl with a purple rug in front", "A white toilet and white sink with a maroon rug.", "A small bathroom has a toilet, sink, and cabinet.", "A picture of a bathroom in a well lit area. "]
["a barthroom with green walls and a  purple rug ", "A tiny powder room with pedestal sink, toilet, and green walls.", "a room with a sink and a toilet well cleaned", "A bathroom showing toilet, sink, and mirror ", "A bathroom with green painted walls and toiletries displayed."]
["Adult woman taking self portrait using camera looking at mirror.", "A woman is holding up a camera in the mirror", "A woman takes a picture of her reflection with a camera.", "A woman taking a selfie in front of a bathroom mirror.", "a woman leaning on a counter top taking pictures of herself in a mirror"]
["A restroom with two toilets sitting side by side.", "The bidet and the toilet are both very clean.", "A bathroom with a toilet bowl and bidet in it", "Bathroom scene of white toilet, walls, and bidet against a brown floor with empty box for garbage.", "A bathroom has a toilet and a bidet side by side."]
["A bathtub is in a bathroom with green tile.", "A tub, toilet, and sink are in a green tiled bathroom.", "A white bath tub sitting inside of a bathroom.", "A bathroom with a sink, toilet and bathtub.", "Photo of a public restroom with green tiles on the wall."]
["A bathroom with purple walls, and a white sink, toilet, and cabinet.", "The toilet is directly beside the bathroom sink. ", "A bathroom with a sink, mirror, toilet, cabinet and toilet roll.", "A white sink and a toilet in a room.", "Residential bathroom with all white porcelain amenities and purple walls."]
["Floor length urinals in a tiled public restroom.", "Five urinals sitting side by side in a bathroom.", "The bathroom wall is lined with five standing urinals.", "A row of five urinals in a bathroom", "A mens bathroom filled with toilets for men. "]
["A bath tub sitting under a window in a bathroom.", "Dual sinks with wood cabinets are in a bathroom near a bathtub.  ", "The bathroom is very clean and well kept.", "A bathroom with two sinks, a bathtub and mirrors.", "A bathroom with two sinks, mirrors and a bath tub."]
["A glass shower stall in a white bathroom with a window", "A shower and sink in a small room.", "a bathroom with a big shower in the corner ", "a shower a toilet a window and a sink", "A bathroom has a corner glass shower stall."]
["A bathroom has a toilet, sink, mirror and bidet.", "A residential bathroom with a toilet and bidet side by side", "A bathroom with two toilets under a small window.", "A bathroom has a toilet, a sink, and a bidet.", "a bathroom the has a glass sliding shower"]
["A bathroom with two sinks mounted on a wall.", "looking into a lighted bathroom with double sinks", "A white bathroom with two separate white sinks.", "a bathroom with two sinks and a mirror", "An orderly bathroom with two sinks and a large mirror."]
["A white sink sitting under a bathroom mirror.", "an adult sink and a child's sink with a toilet and shower", "A bathroom with a clear glass shower and yellow curtains. ", "A bathroom with a semi-circle shower, toilet and sink.", "A small efficiency bathroom with two sinks at different levels."]
["A cat lying in a white sink in the bathroom. ", "a siamese cat curled up in a sink", "A cat is laying in the sink balled up.", "A white cat is lying in a sink", "A cat curled up, laying in a small sink."]
["A big dog sticking its head out a car window.", "A do sticking its head out the side of a car window.", "Cute dog sticking it's head out of the window.", "A dog sticking its head out of a vehicle.", "A brown and black dog sticking its head out a window."]
["Two husky's hanging out of the car windows.", "Dogs stick their heads out of car windows", "Two husky dogs ride in a car with their heads hanging out windows.", "Two happy dogs have their head out the car window.", "Some dogs stick their heads out the car window."]
["Animals surrounding a car and making a large mess.  ", "A white bull near a parked car. ", "a cow defecating in front of a car stopped at the side of the road", "A white cow standing next to a compact car.", "there is a large cow that is walking by a car"]
["A brown cow stands at the edge of a roadway.", "A cow running on to a road near a town", "a cow standing in the grass by the side of the road", "A cow hastily crossing a road outside of a town.", "THERE IS A COW CROSSING THE STREET IN THE DAY"]
["A person standing near two cars is watching a jet take off from a field.", "a jet flying by some cars parked in the dirt lot", "A person watching a small plane taking off in a field", "A fighter jet flying over two parked vehicles.", "An small plane is taking off from a field"]
["A white toilet sitting on top of a bathroom floor.", "A feet of a person with blue slippers standing next to a toilet", "That toilet looks very close to the ground.", "a small little toilet that is very next to the ground", "A person standing near a white toilet bowl "]
["A man on a skateboard riding on a street.", "A young man in a hat and a jacket is skate boarding.", "A man in a leather jacket and hat skateboards down a street.", "A man rides his skateboard down the street.", "Black and white photograph of a man in black jacket on skateboard."]
["An old green and brown car with chrome trim.", "A long car car is green and has wooden accents as it sits in a parking lot.", "Old fashioned car that has two surfboards on it", "An antique car is parked on a city street next to two others. ", "This antique vehicle has a couple of surf boards riding on the roof."]
["A person on a motor bike on a city street.", "A man is riding their motorcycle down the road. ", "A erson on motorcycle in middle of street next to traffic light.", "A motorcyle and driver stopped on the crosswalk of an intersection.", "The motorcyclist has driven through a street intersection."]
["a cat drinking from a toilet and the cat on top of the toilet", "A cat on a toilet seat in some dirty washroom.", "A black and white cat standing on top of a white toilet.", "A cat is standing on top of a toilet.", "there is a black and white cat drinking from a toilet"]
["A single toilet on black and white tiles.", "Black and white checked tile and restroom toilet.", "A toilet is placed on the checkered bathroom floor. ", "A toilet is shown sitting on black and white tile. ", "A view of the black and white tile flooring in a bathroom."]
["A bike sitting In a glass window in a building", "A motorcycle is parked on display behind glass.", "a motor bike sits parked in a viewing case ", "A CUSTOM MOTORCYCLE IS ON DISPLAY IN A PUBLIC PLACE", "A motor cycle parked inside of a store near the entrance."]
["A piece of cake on a plate on a table.", "Piece of chocolate layer cake with American flag planted in it.", "Chocolate cake next to a spoon with an American flag.", "A piece of cake on a plate with a flag.", "A piece of cake is on a plate with an American flag stuck in it."]
["A man riding on the side of a motor bike.", "A man is riding with one foot on the pedal a motor cycle down the street.", "a man is standing on one side of a motorcycle", "A person is riding a motorcycle down the street.", "A young man boarding a motor bike on a city street"]
["A church with a clock tower and a bell. ", "A church with a massive clock tower next to trees.", "A stone church with a clock just before the bell tower", "A grey clock tower with trees and wall below.", "Old church with a clock tower and a vintage stone wall."]
["Several motorcycles lined up in a row in front of a old building.", "A bunch of scooters lined up against a building. ", "The identical motorcycles are lined up together by the wall.", "A row of motorcycles parked next to a wall.", "A row of motor scooters lined against a wall."]
["A man on a motorcycle with a group of people standing around it.", "Two women are talking to a man on a motorcycle.", "a man on a motorcycle with two woman on either side of him with one of the women holding a child.", "an image of a man on motorcycle with two women", "A man sits on a motorcycle with two women around him."]
["A motorcycle that is on the ground sideways.", "A motor bike turned on its side on the ground.", "A black and silver motorcycle lies on the ground", "A silver and black motorcycle on its side in street.", "A motorcycle in the street is laying on the ground."]
["A computer monitor sitting on top of a wooden table.", "A wooden desk has a computer on it.", "A computer on a desk with boxes of components.", "a work station made of a large wooden desk with a flat screen monitor, keyboard, and various items.", "A cluttered desktop with a  computer and some boxes on it."]
["A man in a dress riding a tiger motorcycle.", "A man sitting on a motorcycle that is decorated like a tiger. ", "A man riding a motorcycle in the middle of a crowd.", "A man sitting on a motorcycle in front of a crowd of people.", "a man is riding a motorcycle painted like a tiger"]
["Four bowls containing fruits and vegetables arranged decoratively", "A table that has bowls that contain different kinds of food. ", "Four bowls filled with different kinds of food.", "An arrangement of bowls with various types of food.", "a bunch of food is on a table together"]
["The apples on the table are being peeled.", "Two of the three apples are partially peeled.", "Apples are sitting by a peeler being peeled on a table.", "A bowl of apples next to three partially peeled ones.", "An apple peeler is on the table next to some apples."]
["A table with four bowls of food on the top.", "A set of four different bowls filled with four different foods.", "Four diffrent bowl with food in them .", "Four bowls of various foods including fruits, vegetables, nuts and soup.", "Four bowls of different kinds of foods are shown. "]
["A man riding on the back of a motorcycle down a street.", "A man on a motorcycle riding along a parade route.", "A guy is riding a motorcycle while a crowd of people watch.", "A man is riding a motorcycle on the street.", "a man rides a motor cycle through a street "]
["a couple of men that are on some motor cycles", "A cop riding on teh back of a black motorcycle.", "A man on a motorcycle in a parade ", "a motorcycle rider dressed in leather drives a motorcycle down a crowded street", "A man on a motorcycle stopped on a city street."]
["A BMW motor cycle parked next to shrub..", "A motorcycle sitting on display on a driveway.", "Parked motorcycle sitting in a driveway on a sunny day. ", "A silver Sport Tourer BMW motorcycle on a sidewalk.", "A silver BMW motorcycle being posed for a picture."]
["Two vintage motorcycles sitting in the grass on display.", "A motorcycle is parked on the grass while people look", "Vintage motorcycles in turquoise and yellow get admired by onlookers.", "A crowd of people admiring several antique motorcycles.", "A motorcycle club is full with people standing around."]
["A computer is on a desk in a blue room.", "A computer and keyboard on a white desk", "There is a desktop computer on a desk and many photos and a deer head on the wall. ", "a white desk a keyboard and a monitor and pictures", "A computer sits on a desk next to photos on the wall. "]
["A red motorcycle parked next to a beach near the ocean.", "a red motorcycle is sitting outside near the sand", "A full view of a beach with sand and an ocean. ", "A motorcycle that is sitting in the sand.", "A motorcycle is parked on a beach near a lighthouse."]
["A couple of cats taking a nap on top of a bed.", "Two kittens are cuddling and enjoying a soft pillow", "two cats resting side by side on a bed", "Two small cats are sleeping on white sheets.", "Two kittens curled up in a white sheet that looks soft."]
["A couple of motorcycle cops driving down a street.", "Two people are riding down the street on their motor bikes.", "two motorcycle cops riding down the street by some palm trees", "Two men who are on motorcycles driving down the street.", "Two men riding motorbikes on a road with palm trees on either sides."]
["A person holding up a piece of banana to the camera.", "A man holding a small banana in his hand.", "A tiny banana with a woman peeling another in the background.", "A hand is holding a very small banana.", "People are holding fruit while on a path through the plants."]
["A man and woman that are around a table.", "this is peoople cutting up a birthday cake", "A woman is cutting a cake with whip cream", "A woman prepares to cut a cake while a young man looks on", "A woman cuts a cake while other people watch."]
["An old clock bordered by a tire in front of a rusted door.", "A wall or door that had a clock on it ", "There is a watch next to the wall.", "A small cute clock by some other beaten up looking things.", "The burnt out remains of an analog clock"]
["A police officer rides a motorcycle next to a beach.", "A parade with a motorcycle cop in the front of the line.", "A cop riding on a motorcycle in front of a parade.", "A motorcycle police officer leads a parade on a sunny day.", "A motorcycle, cars, and trucks drive on a road."]
["A man, a woman and a child ride a motorbike together in front of a small building.", "A man and a woman riding on a motorcycle in front of a building.", "Three people riding on a motorcycle past small huts.", "A group of three people on a motorcycle driving down the road", "Three people sitting on a motorcycle driving it down the road"]
["a red motor bike is parked in the gravel ", "A parked motor bike with a helmet on a lot.", "  a helmet sitting on the handle of a red motorcycle ", "A read motorcycle and matching helmet are in dirt parking lot. \n", "a red motorcycle is parked in the dirt"]
["a red motorcycle parked on some gravel next to grass ", "A red motorcycle parked  in a parking lot space.", "A red and black motorcycle with a brown satchel parked in a lot.", "A red motorcycle parked close to other motorcycles. ", "A custom red motorcycle left unattended in a parking lot."]
["Adults on motorcycles with car and crowd on street", "A couple of people on some motor bikes on the road.", "Two motorcycle cops lead a procession in the street.", "there are two police men riding motorcycles on the street", "Two officers riding on motorcycles with other motorists. "]
["A door with a sticker of a cat door on it", "A blue door with a painting of a cat's rear end entering thru a cat door.", "A blue door with a picture of a cat door with cats backside hanging out on it.", "A picture of a cat door is on the bottom corner of a blue door.", "A painting on a door of a cat going through a cat door."]
["there are people sitting on benches as two woman walk by", "A couple of people walking and a person on a bench.", "Two women walk past another woman sitting on a bench.", "A couple of women that are standing on the sidewalk.", "A city sidewalk with people walking and sitting on benches."]
["Two women are sitting on benches and one has a purse and shopping bag beside her.", "A waiting area where people waiting. A girl with a handbag sitting on a bench..", "a woman sitting on a bench wearing a dress and some other people", "Two women sitting on two different benches. ", "Couple of women sitting on benches while other people walk"]
["two people riding a motorcycle on a city street ", "Two mean in casual attire ridge a scooter.", "A couple of men riding a motor scooter down a street.", "The two people are riding on a black bike", "A couple of people on a moped speeding past a box on the street"]
["At the picture is a scene of an airplane outside of a town.\n", "a blue white and gray jet on a runway", "A BIG CONTINENTAL AIRPLANE TAKING OFF IN A FIELD", "A Continental airplane going down the runway ", "View off the wingtip of a passenger airliner on a taxiway."]
["The sightseeing boat streams along the river joined by a plane", "a photo of  a boat with an airplane in back", "A ferry moved through the water while an airplane flies overhead.", "An airplane flies low near a boat on a river.", "a ferry boat and a jet flying over head"]
["A fighter jet taking off from an airport runway.", "A large blue and yellow jet taking off from an airport.", "a blue and white plane taking off from the tarmac", "Two jets are taking off from a runway at the same time.", "Two jets are sitting in a grassy area beside little red remote control planes."]
["Clouds can be seen beyond the wing of the plane. ", "Mountaineous view as seen from a jet airliner", "A plane that is flying in the air.", "a wing of an air plane flying in the air ", "A photo taken from an airplane looking at the mountains below."]
["A very large commercial plane flying in blue skies.", "an airplane taking off in the blue sky", "The white flight flying in the sky and it about to land", "A plane flying in a clear blue sky.", "a large air plane flying in the air"]
["A large propeller airplane sitting on top of a tarmac.", "A airplane that is sitting on a tarmac.", "A silver four propeller air plane taxis down a runway at an airport.", "A plane is on the ground on a runway.", "This is a plane preparing to take off."]
["A herd of sheep standing between a train and a river.", "Sheep are being herded next to railroad tracks.", "The train is passing by the field full of animals. ", "Horses and other farm animals graze while a steam locomotive is to the left.", "A train going past a herd of pigs and a couple horses."]
["A young boy working on a wooden bench.", "A young child using an electric sander on a long piece of wood.", "a child in an orange coat playing with a wood sander", "The child in the orange coat rolls a truck on the wooden table.", "An uncommon picture of a single person inside this picture.\n"]
["Sever airplanes are parked on an airport runway.", "A bunch of airplanes parked on an overgrown airfield.", "several airplanes on a landing strip next to grass", "An airplane sits on the ground with many other planes", "A group of jet planes sitting on top of an airport tarmac."]
["Three giraffes standing amongst a copse of trees.", "Some pretty giraffes standing in a grassy field.", "Two adults and one baby giraffe walking in a wooded area.", "two adult giraffes and one baby giraffe in a field ", "Giraffes walk in the green grass of their enclosure."]
["The giraffe are walking through a wooded park trail.", "some giraffes in a field near many trees", "A group of giraffes in a grassy area next to various trees.", "A giraffe standing away from other giraffes eating grass ", "There are many giraffes that are together here at a zoo"]
["A plane is parked near the pretty blue ocean. ", "A large white airplane parked next to some water.", "There is a plane getting ready for boarding or exiting.", "There is a baggage trolley parked next to a plane.", "A plane sitting on the tarmac at an airport"]
["A woman sitting on top of a bench while reading a book.", "A blonde lady is sitting by the bench and reading. ", "A woman sits on a city bench reading and smoking a cigarette", "A woman with a book sitting on a bench,", "A woman in black sitting on a bench on a cobbled plaza."]
["The jet is about ready to take off from the runway. ", "a close up of a small plane on a run way", "Small white jet with stripes sitting on tarmac. ", "A white and blue plane landing on a runway next to grass.", "A small private jet idles on a runway in front of trees."]
["A Miami Air airplane flies against a blue sky.", "A plane begins to land at the airport", "a blue and white airplane flying with its wheels down ", "A plane in the middle of the air, on a clear day.", "The blue and white plane is flying through the air."]
["A traffic light sitting in the middle of a flooded street.", "There is a traffic light pole half way in water", "A silver and black traffic light submerged in water.", "A traffic light emerged in a body of water.", "a stop sign most the way covered with water "]
["lots of sheep grazing on a hillside, with people in background", "A flock of sheep on the side of a steep hill.", "A group of sheep that are standing in the grass.", "Sheep grazing on hillside slope in mountainous area.", "A green pasture on a slope with grazing sheep."]
["A herd of sheep grazing on a lush green hillside.", "The sheep are enjoying the grass on the hillside.", "a number of animals on a hill with mountains in the background", "Many sheep are eating some grass in the wilderness. ", "Several sheep dotting a grassy hillside near a mountain range."]
["A group of sheep grazing on a roadside", "A herd of sheep make their way down a rural path.", "A long line of sheep traveling together in a row.", "A herd of sheep walking on road next to a grassy area.", "A group of sheep walking down a path with a few stopping to eat grass along the side."]
["Two black birds sit on a log bench near the ocean.", "A couple of black crows sitting on top of a wooden bench.", "Two birds are perched on a bench by some water. ", "Two crows sitting on the back of a rustic bench next to the ocean or large lake.", "Two birds sit on the back of a bench made of logs."]
["A busted traffic light sitting next to a red house.", "Three traffic lights with a house in the background.", "a pole with a street light right by a red house ", "A traffic like across the street from a large red house.", "a street light on a metal pole above a street and before a red house."]
["A street light on a pole outside of a house.", "A house on a country road with a red stop train sign ", "The house is next to the intersection of the traffic light.", "A stop light is shown next to a house.", "A lighted intersection with a home on the corner."]
["a traffic light above a road with a building in the background", "A red light slanted at a very strange angle.", "A street light bent over and upside down.", "A streetlight outside a house painted red near other houses.", "A traffic light over a road near a building."]
["A group of people riding on a cart traveling down a street.", "A group of people power a trolley by pedaling.", "Adults standing on unusual vehicle in roadway of major city.", "some peopel standing on a strange little car on the road ", "A group of people are riding a trolley in the street."]
["a hand feeding food to two giraffes behind a fence", " A couple of giraffe eating food from a persons hand.", "A PERSON IS FEEDING A GIRAFFE AT THE ZOO ", "A person feeding a giraffe while another giraffe looks on.", "A person feeding two giraffes behind a fence."]
["A city street with traffic lights flooded by water.", "A flooded area is seen, with water almost to the top of the stoplights.", "A street with a high level of flood waters.", "A flooded city street buildings and traffic signals submerged in water.", "A flooded intersection with stop lights under water."]
["A black dog smelling a fence in grassy area.", "A dog investigates an iron fence in a park.", "A large black dog standing on top of a grass park.", "A black dog rooting in the bushes at a park.", "A black dog sniffs the ground in a park."]
["A traffic light with a building in the background.", "A light up walk sign on a city street.", "This traffic light is located near a large church.", "A building with spires stands in the background near a traffic light showing digital man with his hands on his hips.\n", "a close up of a traffic light with a building in the background"]
["some people stand up on a subway train", "a group of people standing in a public transit train", "A group of well dressed men and women.", "A group of young men standing next to each other on a subway.", "Five commuters do their best to avoid eye contact on a crowded subway car."]
["A group of people are unloading from a bus.", "A lady in a very funny hat near a big red bus.", "People getting of a double decker bus waiting for the next excitement of the day. ", "A woman talks to a man with other people in the background. ", "A woman with a silly hat getting off of a Double Decker Bus."]
["A couple posing with two giraffes in the background.", "A man and woman standing close together with giraffes behind them.", "A man standing next to a  woman near a giraffe.", "A man and a lady are standing besides two giraffe.", "A man and woman standing with giraffes in the background."]
["The orange peal is on the wooden bench ", "A orange peel that is on a wooden table.", "an orange peel sits on a wooden bench ", "an orange slice is sitting on a wood table", "A freshly eaten orange slice sits on an old wooden table."]
["A woman with an umbrella is standing by leaves.", "A woman standing under an umbrella next to an area with leaves that are all over the ground.", "a woman with an umbrella and some red and yellow leaves", "A woman standing in the rain by a sign", "Girl talking on cellphone holding an umbrella next to sign."]
["A woman walking her cattle down the road.", "A woman leads her sheep through a city street.", "A woman leads two sheep down the street.", "A woman herds sheep across a side walk.", "a woman walks with some sheep down a walk way "]
["A vehicle mirror reflecting a white bus on a road.", "Looking at a white bus in the rear view mirror.", "A mirror with a reflection of a bus in it.", "View of a white bus in a rear view mirror.", "you can see that there is a white bus in the mirror"]
["Man and woman sitting on a wooden park bench together. ", "A woman on a cell phone is sitting on a bench with a man.", "A woman on a cell phone sitting next to a man on a bench.", "Some people sitting on benches on a sunny day.", "A man and woman sitting together on a bench."]
["A man admiring a dog on a bench made of books.", "A couple of people sitting on a bench looking at a womans dog.", "A lady with a dog is talking to a lady and man.", "A girl with a dog walking by a shop where people are seated outside.", "A woman with a dog talking to two people sitting on a bench."]
["A big blue two level bus at a bus stop with people.", "a blue and white double decker bus parked at a bus stop", "A blue bus s parked on a curb where people are standing.", "A blue double decker bus parked on the side of a road.", "A bus pulls up to a station where people wait."]
["A large stone bench sitting next to rose bushes.", "A fence with artistic designs and some plants nearby", "A concrete bench in a garden type setting.", "There are a lot of concrete made objects.", "a rock bench next to a brick fence "]
["A tall giraffe walking through lush green forest.", "A large giraffe is in the wilderness. ", "A giraffe in a field of grass and trees.", "a single giraffe walking through some tall gras ", "A giraffe walks in a field with many trees and bushes."]
["A hallway with two wooden benches and large windows.", "A wooden bench sitting inside with a window to a courtyard behind it.", "Two wooden benches sit in front of a patio area.", "A wooden bench sitting in front of a glass window.", "A pair of wooden benches in front of large windows."]
["A city street filled with traffic and buses.", "a road filled with some cars and a motorcycle", "Two people on a motorcycle stopped next to a car.", "A motorcycle and several cars are stopped at an intersection.", "A street filled with cars, a bus, and a motorcycle. "]
["two giraffes near a tree in a field", "Two giraffes grazing from a tree with grassy field below.", "Two giraffes greet each other in a meadow, next to a bare tree.", "Two giraffes greet each other and share a meal of leaves.", "Two giraffe stand with their heads touching each other."]
["Two giraffes standing in front of their stables.", "A couple of giraffe standing next to each other.", "a couple of giraffes standing in front of a building ", "a couple of giraffes are standing together outside", "there are two giraffes living in a man made environment"]
["A giraffe lowering its head to graze on some grass.", "A giraffe standing near trees and elephant ear plants.", "a giraffe grazing on a green grass area bordered with trees.", "Some giraffes feeding on some lush green grass near the trees.", "There is a giraffe that is eating from the grass"]
["The man was sitting on a bench near the water.", "A BLACK AND WHITE PICTURE OF A MAN SITTING LOOK ", "An older man sits on a bench while gazing at the water.", "an old man is sitting out by the water", "An old man sitting on a bench overlooking a lake."]
["Two black cows behind a gate near a red fire hydrant. ", "Two cows are looking through a fence by a red fire hydrant.", "Two cows behind a fence with a red fire hydrant in front of the fence.", "Two cows stand close to a fence near a fire hydrant.", "two cows behind a fence near a fire hydrant"]
["Cows and sheep graze a snowy field on a cloudy day", "there are several animals staining in a field with snow", "Some sheep that are grazing in a snowy field.", "A herd of sheep next to a tree in a snowy field.", "Farm animals on snowy pasturage with trees and fencing."]
["A yellow fire hydrant sitting in the middle of a sidewalk.", "An orange fire hydrant in front of an ominous sky.", "Orange fire hydrant sits at a distance from building on stormy day.", "Painting of fire hydrant by sidewalk newly built around dirt", "A yellow fire hydrant is on a sidewalk in front of a large low building under a cloudy sky."]
["A group of sheep are in a grassy field near a house.", "a heard of sheep on a grass field.", "A herd of animals standing on top of a green field.", "eleven black sheep graze on a green hillside above a home", "multiple black sheep are grazing in a pasture"]
["A bus yard filled with yellow school buses parked side by side.", "A parking lot full of  yellow school buses ", "A parking lot filled with yellow school buses. ", "a large lot full of parked school busses ", "An overhead view of a lot containing many parked, empty buses."]
["A woman sitting on a bench holding a book.", "A young woman sitting on a park bench with people walking behind her at twilight.", "A young woman sits alone on a park bench.", "A young woman is sitting on a bench alone.", "A lady is sitting cross legged on a bench while reading."]
["a close up of two people sitting near one another", "Two young girls sitting next to each other on a lush green field.", "Two women are sitting on a bench and looking at each other.", "Asian people sit on benches near a grassy area.", "A couple of people sitting on a bench."]
["a wood bench sitting in a park with three people sitting on it ", "a mother and her two children sit on a green bench", "A lady with two children sitting on a park bench.", "A woman and two young children sit on a bench.", "A woman and two children on a wooden bench in an open parkland"]
["A couple of green buses driving next to a roller coaster.", "The busses are parked at an amusement park.", "Tour buses are parked at an amusement park.", "Two pea green buses are parked next to each other.", "A line of buses waiting outside an amusement park. "]
["Fire hydrant covered in flowers near stucco house.", "A flowering plant grows over a fire hydrant. ", "A yellow fire hydrant is covered by purple flowers.", "a bunch of flowers that is around a house", "Yellow fire hydrant covered with plants outside of home"]
["A blue, orange and white double decker bus on a road.", "A two tier bus parked along a wet street that has Dark Skies on the side.", "A double decker bus is sitting on a street.", "A tall double decker bus sitting on top of a wet parking lot.", "A passenger bus with two levels parked in a lot."]
["A taxi cab parked next to a fire hydrant.", "A yellow taxi cab that is parked illegaly parked in front of a fire hydrant.", "A red fire hydrant next to a yellow taxi.", "A red and white fire hydrant on street next to a taxi.", "A city fire hydrant next to a taxi cab."]
["A double deck tour bus parked at a stop.", "An old double decker city bus waiting to be boarded.", "A red double decker bus is on the street.", "An old fashioned double decker bus parked next to a sidewalk.", "Red Double Decker commuter bus at curbside of bus stop."]
["A red double decker bus parked next to a group of women.", "Three people, two of which wear red and white, stand in front of a red double decked bus on a corner.", "Three people pose in front of a double decker bus.", "A group of three people posing in front of a red double decker bus. ", "Three people smile hugging in front of a city bus."]
["A red fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.", "a red fire Hadrian that is on some concrete", "An old looking red fire hydrant by a fence.", "A red fire hydrant with the paint chipping off, next to a wire cable fence.", "A fire hydrant in the street near a curb and a pole with rope on it. "]
["A herd of giraffe standing on top of a grass covered field.", "Some very cute giraffes in a big field.", "Group of giraffes standing next to each other in a field. ", "Four giraffes are grazing in a zoo area.", "A group of four giraffes in a grassy zoo enclosure."]
["a black seated on a hydrant on the street", "A man sitting on top of a yellow fire hydrant.", "A man sits on top of a fire hydrant.", "a man is outside sitting on a fire hydrant", "A man in overalls sitting on a fire hydrant."]
["the bus is blue and is stopped. Some people are standing waiting for it", "A double deck tour bus parked at a stop.", "A double high blue bus that is on the street.", "A double decker bus driving past a building.", "a very big bus moving on the street with people in"]
["A dirt road with people walking a a motorcycle driving.", "A man riding a motorcycle down a empty city street.", "A man riding a motorcycle on a street. ", "A line of scooters are lined up on the side of a road.", "A motorcyclist rides through an arch in a town. "]
["sheep in a pen with some hay to eat", "A herd of sheep standing under a large tree.", "Group avoid cheap eating a large bale of hay together. ", "A group of sheep are resting in an enclosed area.", "A snowy expanse covers an area outside of a small area with hay, penned in with stakes and barbed wire, that also houses a large evergreen,providing shelter to a large huddle of big sheep. "]
["Two police men and a cruiser parked at the curb.", "Police officers standing around a police car on the road.", "The officers are examining the items on the car.", "Vancouver police officers are looking at something by their car.", "Police stand in a group on a street's sidewalk."]
["A tall building with a large neon side mounted on it's roof.", "This is a train station at an intersection.", "Outside of a train station building from across the street.", "Two cars park outside of a transportation center. ", "A building is shown with a sign \"Union Station\" on top."]
["A group of giraffe standing next to each other.", "a couple of giraffes extend their neck up into the trees", "Three giraffes are craning their heads upwards towards a tree.", "Three giraffes look for food in the tall tree.", "Three giraffes stretching necks to get at leaves on tall branch."]
["Two street signs are seen on a small street.", "A \"No Stopping\" sign near a \"Stop\" sign on the same street.", "A stop sign and a no stopping sign are on a street corner.", "Street signage on an older street near a brick wall. ", "a couple of signs are up near a wall"]
["A black bird that is sitting on a branch.", "A dark colored bird sits on a branch of a tree.", "A small bird sitting on the branch of a tree.", "A small bird perched on top of a tree branch.", "A bird sits perched atop a tree branch, watching its surroundings"]
["A giraffe standing next to a wooden pole near a forest.", "A giraffe at Taronga Park Zoo in Sydney, Australia", "a giraffe near trees and buildings in the background", "A large tall giraffe standing by a wooden fence.", "A giraffe standing in front of a fence and bushes with a large city overlooking in the background."]
["Two white bird sitting on top of a street light.", "Two birds perched on top of a light pole.", "Two seagulls are sitting on a street light ballast.", "Two birds standing on top of a parking lot light.", "Two seagulls sit on the top of a street light."]
["A giraffe sticking its tongue towards a cracker. ", "Someone is holding a cracker next to a giraffe.", "A giraffe reaches with its tongue for a hand holding food.", "Person feeding a giraffes a cracker from behind a fence.", "A person feeding a giraffe a cracker through a fence."]
["A crowded sidewalk filled with lots of people.", "People walking along a cobblestone street at sunset.", "A crowd walks through a busy street of businesses", "People are walking on a crowded shopping district.", "People walking on a pedestrian thoroughfare in a tourist business district. "]
["a bird walking on the beach in front of the surf", "A lone shorebird standing on the beach as a wave rolls in.", "a bird walking on the beach with the water right behind him\n", "A bird walking on the shore of the beach", "A single, small bird attempts to outrun the tide."]
["A tall bird stands near the edge of a river.", "A blue heron standing among tree branches in front of a river.", "A very big pretty bird standing by the waters edge.", "A tall bird with a long neck near a body of water.", "A bird standing on a branch near the water."]
["a white bird flies low over the water", "A bird flying out of the water,near the shore.", "A seagull flying over the ocean water and rocks.", "White bird flying over rocks any big body of water. ", "Large bird in flight over water and rocky river bank."]
["A bird is perched a top a branch over a river", "A bird sits on a branch above a stream.", "A bird on top of a tree branch over water.", "A picture of an outside region that appears incredible. \n", "a bird on a fallen branch in a body of water "]
["A street sign hanging from the side of a metal pole.", "a close up of a  street sign on a pole ", "Two streets are labelled on a high sign.", "streets signs in a foreign language mounted on a pole ", "There is something captured here in this photo.\n"]
["TWO GIRAFFES GRAZING IN THE TREES DURING THE DAY", "two very tall giraffes standing looking at the rocks ", "Two giraffes are reaching for leaves in a tree.  ", "Two giraffes are outside on a sunny day.", "A couple of giraffes near a mountain of rocks."]
["A group of giraffe standing next to each other.", "Three giraffe looking over an enclosure at a zoo", "a group of giraffes sit inside of a caged area", "Giraffes in an enclosed area probably at a zoo.", "Some very pretty giraffes standing by a big fence."]
["A street sign on the side of a street in front of a building .", "There is a street corner with street signs on it.", "an antique street sign next to an old bicycle", "A street sign next to a tree and a bicycle parked by a building.", "A weathered sign stands on the side of a street. "]
["a person feeding seagulls on a beach near a lighthouse", "Seagulls in flight with a person feeding one with a lighthouse in the distance.", "A man feeding a bird a piece of bread", "A man feeding seagulls bread near a lighthouse.", "A seagull with a piece of bread fling in the air."]
["An ugly looking street sign sitting on the corner of a street.", "A street sign has multiple signs attached to it.", "A very crowded street sign pointing to attractions in multiple directions", "a large pole that has a street sign on it", "A pole pointing where different things are at."]
["A bird perched on top of a tree branch.", "an owl sitting on a branch in a forest", "A small owl is perched on a tree branch.  ", "An owl perched on a branch in the forest. ", "an owl sitting on a branch surrounded by a bunch of trees"]
["A man standing next to a boy in front of a tree.", "Two men leaning on a street sign on a corner.", "Two men standing with signpost with words \"Tewodros St.\"", "The two men are standing by the street sign. ", "Two men are standing on a street corner."]
["People are gathered under a female impersonators sign.", "A sign over a sidewalk with people and a bike.", "A billboard for female impersonators on a  building", "A group of people walking past a drag queen club.", "Some people are on the sidewalk under a sign."]
["The cowgirl is waiting for her turn at the event.", "a group of kids sitting on the backs of horses", "a couple of kids are sitting on horses", "A group of people riding on the back of brown horses.", "A woman sitting on a horse with a number on her back"]
["a sheep is standing on the side of a hill", "The sheep is looking over the crest of the hill.", "A sheep standing on the side of a lush green grass covered hill.", "A sheep is standing on a steep, grassy hill.", "A sheep standing in the grass on the side of a mountain."]
["a lady that is holding a camera in her hand", "Checking out her messages shows in the mirror.", "A hipster emo taking a selfie in front of a mirror.", "A woman with a camera in a mirror.", "A woman takes a photo of herself with the camera"]
["The reflection of a woman is in a window and beyond her is a white and red train.", "A long passenger train traveling down train tracks.", "A large white train with red doors on a track.", "The trains are moving along side each other on the railroad tracks. ", "A person looking out of a passenger train window at another train passing by."]
["A building front at the corner of N. Astor and E. Division St.\n", "Street signs hang near several tall buildings on a city street.", "This street pole has three street signs on it.", "A building with different street signs attached to it.", "An intersection street sign with town homes and skyscrapers in the background."]
["A street and the buildings on it and some construction.", "the traffic signs are easy to read for the street", "Various street signs in different locations in a city.", "A no entry sign below a right turn and two way turn sign.", "An ordinary street scene with pedestrians and street signs."]
["a number of small birds on a body of water", "Several birds with long legs stand in water near tall green grass.", "Four ducks walk in the water next to the shore of a lake.", "A group of birds are standing over water.", "Four brown and white birds on a lake"]
["A sea gull walking along the sand and surf.", "A white bird walking across part of the beach. ", "The white bird waits on the side of the water.", "A white seagull standing on the beach shores.", "a seagull walking a muddy beach front area"]
["The traffic light and street signs sit by a red fire hydrant.", "A quiet big city street corner is pictured with a traffic light.", "a street sign on the corner of a city street", "A streetlight is lit at night in front of a city building. ", "A light pole sits in the corner with some street signs on it. "]
["Cows are grazing in the countryside with a bridge in the background.", "Black and white cows eating grass behind a fence. ", "A group of cows grazing on grass behind a fence", "A group of cattle is grazing on the grass behind a fence.", "Cows are eating and grazing in the grass."]
["A speed limit sign mounted beneath a green street sign.", "A speed limit sign has street signs above it.", "A sign on a post that says \"72 ST\"", "Wires, traffic and street signs at the corner of 51st and 72nd", "Street name and speed limit signs on a common pole."]
["A 25 mph turn sign on the side of a highway. ", "A speed limit sign, along with a sign showing direction of travel.", "Roadside traffic sign that posting the speed limit and the direction of upcoming curve direction.", "Sign alerting drivers of right turn and speed limit of 25pmh.", "A sign sits next to a highway with a tree-covered hill in the background. "]
["A red stop sign sitting on a street topped with two green street signs.", "Street signs are topping off a vandalized stop sign.", "Street signs for Richmond St. and Prince St. posted on top of stop sign.", "A pole has a stop sign and several street signs.", "A pole with a two street signs and a stop sign mounted to a pole."]
["A train is traveling down the railroad tracks. ", "A green train driving on the railroad through cherry blossom trees. ", "A train on the track in the country side", "a train going down the tracks near a bunch of trees and bushes ", "A train traveling through the countryside on a sunny, beautiful day."]
["Two street signs on a post beneath power lines.", "A street sign at an intersection with telephone wires in the background.", "A street sign \"Prince\" is pictured in this photo.", "A sign shows that this is Prince Street.", "street signs at an intersection of which one is prince street"]
["A close up of a peacock who is behind an enclosure. ", "The beautiful bird is many different colors like blue and green. ", "a peacock is looking through a fence outside", "A peacock standing near some metal grill fence", "A small bird standing next to a small netted fence."]
["A dried up tree trunk with birds on it's branches.", "A flock of birds perched on top of a tree.", "Birds perched on the branches of an old dead tree.", "Many birds standing on dead tree branches outside. ", "A group of birds perching on a dead tree."]
["A flock of birds sitting on top of a large rock.", "Sea birds nestled together on a rock by the water", "The birds are resting on the rocks by the water.", "A flock of birds rest on top a rock near a body of water. ", "Various white colored birds all perched together next to a body of water."]
["A worn out street sign is at an intersection.", "This is a post with a few street signs on it", "A stop sign with street signs labeling an intersection.", "a pole that has a couple of signs on it", "Street signs for the corner of st. Luke and Riverside."]
["A photo of a cat in black and white. The person taking the picture is visible in the mirror.", "A cat sitting on a dresser with a person in the mirror behind it ", "A woman takes a picture of her cat and herself in the reflection of a mirror.", "A cat looking at the woman staring at herself in the mirror.", "A cat looking in a mirror with a woman behind him. "]
["there is a street sign that is on the street", "A pedestrian crossing sign near a construction zone in a downtown area.", "A sign that is telling no pedestrian traffic with a sign pointing to the other side.", "The street has a sign with a man on it.", "A PICTURE OF A NO WALKING SIGN ON THE STREET "]
["A street sign is affixed to a traffic light and a tree looms in the background.", "A black and white street sign points to the left.", "A street sign with an a taped to the end of it", "A street sign has been altered to read HELLA.", "A street sign is altered with electrical tape for comedic effect."]
["A child's train traveling down tracks with lots of children riding on it.", "THERE ARE PEOPLE THAT ARE ON A SMALL TRAIN ON THE TRACKS ", "A train with people in it touring the sights.", "A small train in between buildings with many passengers on it.", "A entertainment ride of a train is full of people and is going down the track."]
["Post with numerous traffic signs in large city setting.", "A bunch of different signs that are on a pole.", "A sign that says Botox with an arrow is under some traffic signs. ", "A sign on the side of a road next to a building.", "A street post with multiple signs of direction on it. "]
["a sign on a fence with trees on the other side", "An ornate iron gate with a sign indicating private streets beyond.", "A fancy gate on a path going into a private area.", "The gate requires a key but it is locked now.", "a gate blocking off a road for most people "]
["A train car pulling away from a train station next to a forest.", "A train on a train track at a train depot.", "A train pulling into a station with buildings", "A train rolls down the tracks at the train station.", "A train is waiting at a small train station."]
["A train driving along the train tracks in the day.", "A train on some tracks near a station.", "A lone train is parked on the tracks at the station.", "yellow train coming down the tracks away from a blue sky", "A train that is yellow is moving down the tracks."]
["there is a train and a person walking on rail road tracks", "A train on a train track and a woman on a second track.", "The passengers in the train are enjoying the country view.", "a train on a train track near many trees", "Train pulling passenger cars going around a curve."]
["A grey train passing by a stadium in the distance.", "A very long silver train on the tracks.", "A shiny metal train is traveling down the track in front of a sport's stadium. ", "A raised, silver commuter train passing a stadium", "The train is stopped on the railroad tracks. "]
["a train on a train track near hills ", "A train traveling through a rural countryside under a gray sky.", "A train is moving through grass covered plains.", "A train that is riding near the dirt.", "A Sante Fe train runs on the tracks through the valley."]
["A train engine parked under a passage way on some tracks.", "a train that is parked on a track that is  under a overpass ", "A train sitting on the track under a bridge ", "A train that is going through a tunnel.", "Locomotive parked under a brick bridge in a secluded spot."]
["A stop sign that has been tagged with graffiti.", "A stop sign with some vandalism on it.", "A three way stop sign with graffiti and a street name sign.", "A stop sign with writing on it in front of a sky", "Angle shot of stop sign with graffiti and \"3-way\" sign."]
["A skier standing behind a difficulty level sign on the slope", "A man standing on top of a snow covered ski slope,", "The skier is starting down the advanced slope.", "A skier is poised to go down the slope.", "a person standing on a snow covered slope "]
["The train is going past the field with the grass.", "A train is on the train tracks in a rural area.", "A train is going through a rural setting.", "A train traveling through a rural countryside filled with plants.", "A train passing through a grassy field. "]
["An old abandoned train at the bottom of a mountain.", "a train on a track near a building ", "Commercial train in motion moving through green hillside in rural area", "a big long old train by some hills", "A train sits near a green mountain on a cloudy day."]
["A red stop sign on a gate next to a grass covered field.", "A stop sign placed on a gate near a grassy field", "A red stop sign on a fence by  a grassy road.", "There is a stop sign nailed to the white gate.", "A stop sign is hanging on the gate in front of the street. "]
["A stop sign on a beach with everyone in the water", "A beach crowded with people playing in the ocean.", "A stop sign by a body of water with people in it.", "A stop sign and the ocean with people in the water.", "A stop sign in front of a beach in which a group of people in the water."]
["A stop sign sitting right in a flowering tree ", "A stop sign standing in the midst of some trees.", "a stop sign sits inside of some vegetation ", "A stop sign hidden among a flowering tree", "A stop sign on a pole that are in the trees."]
["Passengers gather to board oncoming black and red train. ", "People wait on the platform before boarding the train.", "People on vacation waiting to board a historical train. ", "a group of people waiting around for a train ", "Passengers watch a stream train leave a station"]
["A back ho that is next to a pile of dirt.", "A tractor digging up dirt near a train track", "A train station in the process of construction", "An excavator, Stop sign and rail line  ", "The other side of the track at a train station is under construction."]
["A stop sign laying on a sidewalk fallen over.", "a pole with a stop sign on it knocked over on the sidewalk ", "A stop sign laying on the sidewalk next to a street.", "a stop sign knocked over laying on the sidewalk", "Someone did not observe the stop sign and now it is knocked over."]
["a black and white photo of a old stream train", "A black and white photo of an old train", "An old steam engine sitting on the tracks.", "A very big nice looking train with some smoke blowing out.", "a large train is sitting on some tracks"]
["A bunch of cars that are parked in front of coin meters.", "The view of a company parking lot and parking meters.", "A row of parking spaces and parking meters in a downtown area", "Group of cars parked in front of a large building. ", "A row of cars and trucks parallel parked at parking meters."]
["A parking meter in a parking garage that has a lot of cars. ", "An electronic parking meter is in a parking garage.", "A parking meter and some cars in a garage.", "A meter in a public parking garage with several cars.", "A parking meter inside a parking garage filled with cars."]
["A man walking a dalmatian on a red leash.", "The man has a red leash on his Dalmatian dog.", "a man walks a dog with a leech ", "A guy is walking his dalmatian down the road. ", "A man walking a dalmatian on leash in front of a firetruck."]
["A rear view mirror that has a large truck showing in it.", "A view of a red semi truck with a trailer in the review mirror of a car.", "A rear view mirror with a large red semi truck.", "A large red truck visible through the rear view mirror of a car.", "A picture of a red mac truck passing by a car. The picture is in the rear view mirror."]
["THERE ARE SEVERAL FIRE TRUCS THAT ARER LINE UP ON A STREET", "A group of fire trucks parked on both sides of a street.", "Several firetrucks and firefighters are parked in a street.", "a couple of red fire trucks on a street", "Various people are acknowledging life and having an unfathomable moment. \n"]
["Older style station wagon from ford during a parade.", "A couple of men riding on top of a red fire truck.", "Two firefighters writing on the back of an old red fire truck. ", "Some peopel riding a locomotive go very far", "Two men in uniform riding in an old-time fire engine."]
["The man is driving the fire engine in the parade.", "A man and two women ride in an antique fire truck.", "A family sitting in the Scarborough Fire Department vehicle. ", "Man driving a fire truck with two women as passengers.", "a man and two women ssitting in a small fire truck"]
["a dog and a cat sit on chairs near each other", "Two chairs, one with a dog and one with a cat.", "Cat and dog sitting in opposite chairs of each other. ", "A cat and a dog sit on seperate seats next to each other.", "Brown cat and dog sitting on identical furniture."]
["Two brown cows walk though thick forest greenery.", "A couple of cows walking in tall grass and trees.", "a couple of cows walk through some vegetation  ", "Two cattle in a tall grass and bush area with trees and other brush behind it.", "two cows in a field of tall plant life near a tree"]
["A white truck driving past a yellow traffic light.", "Two people with a camera are sitting at a street corner.", "A city street that has a movie camera set up on the corner and to people sitting in chairs next to it.", "Two people are sitting in chairs on the side of the street.", "Two people are filming at a corner of a street."]
["a white cat sitting next to  a pair of white hi top sneakers.", "a cat sits next to a pair of white shoes", "A white cat sitting next to a pair of white shoes.", "A cat looks at someones feet while they have their shoes off.", "The cat is sitting on the floor beside a pair of tennis shoes."]
["A brown and white cat sitting next to a pile of shoes.", "A cat laying among several pairs of shoes, boots and slippers.", "A very cute cat laying near some shoes.", "The cat is sitting next to several shoes. ", "A cat lies with a pile of shoes near the door of a house."]
["A young woman sits on a wall using a cell phone.", "Two women are sitting down with purses in their laps. ", "Two people sitting on a wall, one looking at her phone.", "The legs of some people sitting on a low wall.", "two ladies with their handbags on their laps"]
["A white cat laying inside of a black boot.", "A cat is sitting in a boot on the floor.", "A cat laying in a boot on the floor.", "a small cat in a boot on the ground ", "A cat laying on the ground in a room."]
["A cay laying on top of a blue couch arm next to a wall.", "A cat lying down with a packaged toothbrush on its head.", "The cat is irritated that there is a packaged toothbrush resting on its head.", "A close up view of cat carrying a toothbrush on its head.", "A grey and black cat with a toothbrush on its head."]
["A large white cat sitting on top of a piece of luggage.", "A cat sits on a reddish orange backpack, on a countertop.", "A cat sitting on a bed in the middle of the floor.", "a fat cat sitting on a small bag", "a cat lays down on a travel bag"]
["A black cat staring into the distance in a room", "A black cat with bright eyes looks intently toward the left.", "a black cat is laying on a bed", "A cat that is curled up and looking at something.", "a black cat that is staring at something"]
["Subaru delivery trucks, employees, and race cars gathered for a group photo.", "A professional photograph of race car and company drivers.", "Two cars and two trucks are situated with people standing around them.", "Racecar drivers and their cars are posing with race staff members in front of two trucks.", "Nascar drivers are standing next to their vehicles."]
["A cat laying on top of a bag filled with items.", "a cat is sitting inside of a persons bag", "A cat laying in a bag in a room.", "A cat sitting in a suitcase on the floor.", "Green eyed cat laying in a duffle bag."]
["A man in a parking lot talking to the driver of an army green pickup truck.", "A man driving the Jeep stops to ask directions.", "A man sitting inside a green military truck talking to someone.", "The driver of an old Army-style pickup truck is leaning out his window talking to a man.", "a man is standing next to a green truck"]
["A cat is sitting on top of a computer chair which is covered in hair.", "A long haired cat on the top of an office chair covered in cat hair.", "A cat laying on the top of a chair that is covered in cat hair.", "A cat is sitting atop of a hair chair.", "A view of a cat getting fur all over a chair."]
["two cows in a grass field together behind a fence", "A picture frame of two young cows standing near a fence.", "a cow standing by a fence looking through it for whatever reason", "Two cows are standing by a wooden fence.", "Two cows looking through a wooden fence in a grass field."]
["A small cat sitting on a chair by a window.", "A cat sitting on top of a wooden chair next to a window.", "A kitten balancing on a chair to look outside a window.", "A cat climbs up the back of  a chair to look out a window.", "A cat that is standing on a chair looking out of a window."]
["A man standing in the middle of the room, with clutter all around.", "A man standing in a bedroom with clothes strewn about.", "The man is standing in the messy room.", "a man standing in a very messy room with stuff everywhere.", "A man is standing in a cluttered room."]
["A black cat curled up in a large pot.", "A black cat resting in an flower pot", "A black cat laying in a pot for a plant", "A black cat sitting in a red flower pot", "A black cat is sitting in a pot."]
["The big truck is parked in the parking lot by itself. ", "A bright blue large truck doesn't have a load.", "A blue truck parked next to a blue fence.", "a large blue truck that is parked by a fence", "A blue semi truck without a load, parked."]
["small children amusement ride of cars and trucks", "Kids at amusement park riding miniature fire engines.", "Children riding a  red fire engine amusement ride.", "Two children in a fire truck amusement park ride.", "Two children riding on a fire engine carnival ride. "]
["A group of cars, riding down the street.", "firemen standing next to a fire truck,on a street.", "Several fire trucks are pulled next to cars.", "a group of parked cars next to a fire truck", "this is a line cars driving down a street "]
["A small black cat stretching on a bed ", "a black cat laying on a pink sheet", "A black cat lays curled on a pink blanket.", "a close up of a cat laying in a bed", "A cat lies on a pink bed sheet playing with its paws"]
["A cat lying down on some blue fabric", "a cat that is laying down on a blue sheet", "A cat is lying down on a blue bed sheet.", "A fluffy cat relaxes on a blue blanket.", "A gray cat resting on a blue cloth staring at the camera."]
["A black cat sitting in front of a mirror next to a picture frame.", "A black cat looking at its picture in a frame", "A black cat is sitting near a mirror and a picture.", "A black cat next to a photograph of a cat.", "A black cat is looking away from a picture."]
["Utility truck with a large material container on a flatbed.", "A red truck driving on a dirt road.", "A large truck is driving down a road.", "a red white and black truck and its driver", "A large truck with a red cabin parked in front of a red building. "]
["A series of fire trucks is going down the street.", "A street filled with fire trucks bumper to bumper.", "Line of fire trucks driving down a city street.", "Fire trucks on a city street lined up for a parade", "3 firetrucks driving down a street in the day"]
["A cat is sitting in the window on a rail.", "a cat standing by a iron fence trying to sneak through it ", "a cat that is sitting on a door", "A cat behind a  screen door peering at the camera.", "A cat is half way out of a door and window."]
["A picture of a livestock with the american flag and blue and white ribbons hanging from the ceiling. ", "Cattle in their stalls at a  fair with a blue ribbon displayed overhead.", "some white and brown animals flags and a building", "A group of animals standing next to each other.", "A bunch of cows in a barn with flags"]
["The cat rests on the bed while watching television.", "A cat sitting on blankets watching TV in a living room.", "a cat watching tv while laying in bed", "A CAT IS LYING DOWN WATCHING TV ", "A cat is sitting on a pillow and watching television."]
["A aqua colored truck carrying a wide load down the street.", "A man is driving a truck down a narrow street.", "A large blue garbage truck is heading down the road. ", "A large truck moving down the road .", "A CEMENT TRUCK PARKED ON THE SIDE OF THE ROAD."]
["A big truck going down the street with graffiti on it.", "A red truck with a blue cab with graffiti on the side. ", "A truck riding by with graffiti on it. ", "An old red truck has some graffiti on it.", "A blue and red dump truck driving down a street."]
["Six trucks parked next to each other in a parking lot. ", "The large trucks are parked i a line.", "A row of large trucks sit parked outside of a building.", "Six semi trailers parked in a row on a forcourt", "A row of tractor trailer cabs is lined up  "]
["A baby cow standing next to it's mother next to a pool of water.", "A cow and its baby eating grass in a field.", "Two holstein cows standing grazing in a field", "An adult and baby cow graze on grass in a field.", "Mother and young black & white cow eating in a field of grass."]
["A couple of men riding on the back of a boat.", "A boat with two people sailing in the water.", "body of water with two people in a boat", "Two men and a dog ride in a motorboat underneath a bridge. ", "Two men in a small boat going under a bridge."]
["a small boat in a body of water ", "There are a lot if boats that are dock at the harbour", "Heavily equipped boats are prepared to go to sea. ", "Several fishing boats docked in a water canal.", "a couple of boats are in a harbor"]
["A beach area with several chairs and umbrellas.", "A beach with chairs and umbrellas with a cruise ship in the background.", "A cruise ship and a tourist boat seen from a white sand beach", "A beach with beach chairs with a big cruise ship in the distance.", "A group of lawn chairs sitting on top of a beach."]
["Cattle grazing in field of brown grass in landscape", "a few cows in a fied wait and graze", "a big field that has a bunch of cows in it", "Cows at various spots in a large grassy field", "Cows grazing on brown grass in a large field", "Brown and white cows walking on an open field together. "]
["Bunches of bananas sit at the end of a boat.", "A boat filled with ripe bananas sitting on a boat on a river.", "A long boat on a river half filled with yellow bananas", "A boat that is in the water in the day.", "Part of a docked boat is full of bananas. "]
["A herd of cattle grazing on a grassy field.", "a large group of cows standing in a green pasture", "A large hill in a green pasture of grazing cattle.", "Small herd of cows grazing in the sun on a very bright green hill.", "Many cows stand on the side of a hill."]
["A brown cow walking through a tree filled forest.", "A cow stands in tall grass in the woods", "A red and tan cow standing in high grass under several trees.", "A cow is walking through the woods eating grass.", "A cow stands alone in a wooded area."]
["A man sitting down holding a brown dog wearing a blue tie.", "a man with a beard is holding a dog with a blue tie", "an image of man with a puppy in a tie", "a man that is holding a dog that is wearing a tie.", "a man sitting down holding a puppy ."]
["Self photo in mirror of male with brown vest and jeans", "The mirror reflection of a man posing near a bathroom sink.", "A man in a vest standing in a bathroom.", "A boy looks in the mirror in a public restroom.", "a person taking a selfie in a bathroom mirror"]
["The water the boat is in is reflecting the sun.", "A tied up boat is reflected in the still water.", "The body of a boat is reflected in the water.", "A picture of a red boat with its reflection in the water making a beautiful abstract design.", "A red, blue and yellow boat sitting in a body of water."]
["A man wearing sun glasses is wearing a suit and tie and holding two things in his hands.", "A man in a suit and tie is posing for the camera.", "A man is a dark suit wearing sunglasses", "A man in a suit and tie holding some pins.", "a man in suit and tie holding onto two blue cups "]
["People are in a small boat with green oars.", "Four young girls get wet on a canoe trip.", "Four people in a yellow row boat with green oars.", "A group of girls on a yellow rowboat.", "A group of canoers are getting sprayed by the current."]
["there is a small black train and people looking at it", "People walk on the street near a miniature train.", "A small train engine with carts carrying people with no top on it.", "People staring at a miniature train going down a track.", "Some people who are watching a miniature train go down railroad tracks."]
["A little boy wearing a white shirt, tie and blue pants is smiling as he sits in a white chair in the middle of the grass. ", "The young man is wearing a suit and is sitting down. ", "A boy in a tie is in a patio chair sitting in the grass.", "A boy in a tie sitting in a chair.", "a young boy is wearing a white shirt and tie"]
["A man without a shirt wearing a neck tie.", "A smiling boy wearing a tie with no shirt.", "a young bot with no shirt on and a tie ", "A shirtless boy wearing a tie with white background.", "A young man poses for a camera while wearing a tie but no shirt."]
["A man wearing only a tie standing next to a lamp.", "A smiling boy in pants and a tie, with no shirt.", "A young boy not wearing a shirt, but wearing a neck tie.", "A shirtless young man wearing a  blue paisley tie.", "A young boy stands shirtless, wearing a blue tie."]
["Boats that are on a grassy piece of land. ", "Trees with beautiful fall colors of orange and yellow.", "A boat near an old house with trees surrounding it", "An autumn outdoors scene with orange- and yellow-leaved trees growing near a barn and a boat set nearby on rails.", "A building and boat near  a large group of trees."]
["A group of boats are perched on dry docks.", "there are some boats sitting on the beach.", "a blue boat is up on blocks at a dock", "Boats sitting on blocks on land under a cloudy sky.", "Wooden fishing boats up on blocks in a yard by the ocean"]
["A man sitting in a chair playing a guitar in front of a microphone.", "Black and white photograph of a man playing guitar", "A man is sitting on a chair playing a guitar.", "A man is playing an acoustic guitar into a microphone", "A black and white photo of a man playing an acoustic guitar."]
["A young boy who is formally dressed is smiling for the camera. ", "A boy in a shirt and tie smiling at the camera.", "A boy dressed in a striped shirt and tie sits at a table next to festive paper plates.", "a small boy with a blue striped tie and some paper plates", "A young boy sitting at a table with a smile on his face."]
["A painted elephant in a pen on a clear day.", "A decorated elephant standing next to people in the dirt.", "A decorated elephant walking along a boardwalk near the beach", "A large elephant wearing makeup standing next to a man.", "A man standing next to his elephant on the beach."]
["A group of people walking down a rain soaked street holding umbrellas.", "People walking down a wet sidewalk holding umbrellas.", "People are walking on a rainy street with umbrellas.", "A group of people holding umbrella's over their faces crossing a street.", "People carrying colorful umbrellas walking down sidewalk in the rain."]
["A row of sail boats with trees in background.", "men on sail boats riding in a line in a lake", "A row of small sailboats on the water.", "a group of sailboats sailing down a lake", "Five small sail boats are in a line on the water."]
["Two boats tied to the edge of a dock.", "Two ships sailing out of a dry dock. ", "Two boats follow each other closely in the water.", "A group of fishing vessels parked at the dock", "An old wooden fishing boat moored at a dock"]
["A lot of blue and yellow umbrellas sitting under a clock.", "Blue and white umbrellas outside building with similar awning.", "A group of yellow and blue umbrellas near a building clock.", "Many blue and yellow umbrellas are shown next to a building.", "a bunch of umbrellas sitting in front of a building "]
["A large cruise ship sailing next to a sandy beach.", "A cruise ship and several para sailing  boats are lined up on the beach and ocean area.", "Colorful sailboats are on a beach by a cruise boat.", "A cruise ship behind a row of sailboats on the beach.", "A cruise ship sits off of a beach. "]
["A man in a jean jacket has a red tie.", "a close up of a person wearing a suit and tie", "Man with red tie and denim jacket and dark sweater.", "A man with a beard wearing a red tide and green suit.", "A man with arms crossed, wearing jacket and tie."]
["A woman holding a purple umbrella near flowers.", "A woman with a pink umbrella is by flowers.", "there is a woman holding a umbrella looking at many flowers", "A woman with a purple umbrella walking in the rain by a flower shop.", "A woman holding an umbrella is standing near a flower shop."]
["A woman holding a pink umbrella walking in the rain.", "A woman holding an umbrella and standing near a grassy area.", "a woman in a white jacket is holding an orange umbrella", "A smiling woman holds an umbrella in the rain.  ", "a group of people outside holding umbrellas "]
["An older man with a green sports coat and blue tie with a flower on it.", "The man has a green coat and blue tie. ", "An older gentleman wearing a blue tie posing for the camera.", "A man is smiling at the camera wearing a blue tie.", "An older man in a green jacket and blue tie."]
["A large cat laying on top of a computer keyboard.", "a cat is laying down near a computer", "Cat lying next to keyboard and computer mouse on desk.", "The cat is on the desk near the computer.", "A brown tabby cat is laying next to a keyboard."]
["A bunch of red and white umbrella hanging from ceiling.", "An array of umbrellas are hanging on the side of the floors of the mall.", "A bunch of umbrellas sitting in a building.", "A bunch of umbrellas and balloons hang from a ceiling.", "a bunch of umbrellas that are inside of a building"]
["Several people standing in line, some holding umbrellas.", "Many people are gathered in a hall behind them are rows of flowering plants and people with umbrella", "The business's in the city are very busy this time of day.", "A view of a group of people holding umbrellas from a birds eye view.", "People are walking in a line with umbrellas. "]
["a man in a tie stands next to a sink ", "The man in the red neck tie has a beard.", "The man readies himself to catch something being tossed to him, while standing in the kitchen.", "a man in a suit standing next to a kitchen sink ", "A very well dressed guy with a bright red tie."]
["A performer balancing a ball  on top of an umbrella", "Man holding up a pink umbrella in front of a crowd. ", "People watching a performer with a paper umbrella and a ball", "a man playing with a white ball on a red umbrella ", "A man in a kimono with a parasol performs in a park."]
["A young boy wearing a tie while using a cell phone.", "Boy sitting at table with food and a cellphone.", "a small child sitting at the table wearing a neck tie", "A little boy at a dining table wearing a tie and holding a cell phone.", "A boy holding his tie and a cell phone sitting at a table in front of a bowl of cereal."]
["a man with a drink wearing  a suit and green tie", "A man in a suit at wedding reception holding his drink and wiping his forhead.", "A man holds his hand up to his eye at a formal gathering.", "A man holding his hand to his forehead with  a drink in the other hand.", "A man wiping off his brow at a wedding."]
["a man in a purple shirt and a tie", "A young man in a striped purple dress shirt and black vest.", "A man wearing a purple shirt, black vest and tie posing for the camera.", "A man wearing a vest and purple shirt.", " A man wearing a dress shirt and a tie sitting against a dark background. "]
["A herd of elephants of various ages standing out in an open plain.", "An impressive elephant family wanders the massive plains.", "A black and white photo of a family of elephants.", "A herd of elephants is standing on an open plain.", "a bunch of elephants are standing in a field"]
["A man and a woman, who are dressed nicely, are posing for a silly picture. ", "A man in a light colored suit and a tie standing next to a woman in a short purple dress.", "Yep, this couple is feeling very magnanimous today", "A couple in party clothes posing for a photograph", "A man in a suit and a women in a dress standing together."]
["A gray cat on top of a fridge with some foodstuffs", "A black cat standing on a shelf in an open refrigerator.", "A cat standing in a refrigerator pokes his head out.", "A very cute cat standing in an open fridge.", "A cat standing inside a refrigerator looking at something."]
["A young girl walking in the rain under an umbrella with boots and a raincoat.", "The woman with a large umbrella is waling through the heavy rain.", "A woman holding a black umbrella next to a street.", "A woman wearing rain boots and holding umbrella walking a flooded street.", "A woman walks in the rain with an umbrella"]
["I think those are all considered sailboats in the water.", "Several boats of different size in the water.", " Boats sitting in the water in the middle of the ocean. ", "several boat in the ocean on a dark cloudy day", "Group of boats moored in shallow water near ocean."]
["A couple of women sharing an umbrella on a rainy day.", "A couple of women standing underneath a umbrella.", "A couple of women are under an umbrella", "Two women standing under an umbrella on a street.", "two women standing underneath a black umbrella outside"]
["A small elephant laying on the ground in the mud.", "A small elephant is resting near a water hole.", "A baby elephant climbing out of a watering hole.", "An elephant sits on the dirt near some water.", "A baby elephant rolling around in red mud."]
["An adorable cat rolling around on it's back while holding a toothbrush in it's mouth.", "A cat holding a toothbrush in its mouth. ", "A cat is upside down with something in it's mouth.", "A cat lying in its back holding a packaged toothbrush in its paws and chewing on the packaging", "A cat chewing on a packaged pink toothbrush."]
["A beach next to the ocean covered in umbrella seating.", "A beach scene with umbrellas and chairs and the ocean in the background.", "Umbrellas and flags sit on the shore next to the water.", "The beach is set up for some event.", "A sunlit, city-side beach is full of blue and white umbrellas. "]
["Adults enjoying time at sandy beach with sun and shade.", "A woman is talking to the people on the beach.", "Group of people socializing under a beach umbrella. ", "Some people are sitting on the beach underneath and umbrella.", "a group of people on a beach relax and have a good day"]
["A man holding a umbrella on the sandy beach.", "A man holding an umbrella on a beach near a group of people sitting in chairs.", "A man at the beach holding an umbrella. ", "A man on the beach has a large umbrella.", "A man wearing sunglasses holds up a large red and black umbrella while standing on sand at the beach."]
["A group of people sitting on top of a sandy beach.", "A man, woman, and toddler sit under an umbrella on the sand during a sunny day.", "A family of three sit under two umbrellas at a beach.", "A family sits under umbrellas on the beach.", "A FAMILY AT THE BEACH HAS HATS ON AND UMBRELLAS UP"]
["A man at the beach putting up a striped umbrella.", "A group of people with umbrellas standing in the sand.", "People set up umbrellas on the beach next to blankets. ", "Several people set up beach umbrellas near the ocean.", "A person in a backpack is under an umbrella on the beach."]
["a bunch of bags that are laying on the ground", "Clothes strewn on open suitcase and surrounding floor space.", "A pile of luggage sitting up against a window.", "A suitcase, sitting on the floor, opened is full of clothes and a curtain is behind it.", "A bunch of closed and a suitcase piled on a bed. "]
["A man standing next to a few bags of luggage.", "i man wearing black stands near 3 bags of luggage", "A man standing with a bunch of various luggage by a storage shed.", "A person with two sets of luggage standing in a boarding zone.", "a a person leaning on a building near some bags of luggage "]
["A group of lawn chairs sitting on top of a beach.", "a bunch of umbrellas over tables outside by the water", "People walk across a sandy beach filled with chairs and umbrellas.", "A view of umbrellas, tables, and chairs at the beach.", "Several umbrella's and chairs sitting on a beach."]
["Some backpacks and luggage are on the floor.", "A backpack, a zebra colored suitcase and other baggage sits on the floor and on a table near a door.", "Bags and luggage all sitting on the floor . ", "Zebra suitcase next to various other forms of luggage.", "A backpack and suitcases sitting on the floor and a table. "]
["An elephant strolling through a trail with two people on its back.", "Two young people setting on top of a big elephant.", "Two people ride on top of a large elephant", "A pair of people ride on the back of an elephant.", "Two people riding on the back of a large elephant."]
["Near a teller machine, several baggies sit on a shelf that holds three bags with orange fish in them.", "Bagged goldfish wait for their new owners to take them home.", "A picture of an umbrella and some people.", "some people sitting under a umbrella on a bench", "Several plastic bags of goldfish for sale beneath an umbrella."]
["Small child holding up a blue and yellow striped umbrella. ", "A child holds an umbrella up over their head.", "A very young boy is holding a much bigger umbrella. ", "A young child is holding a striped umbrella.", "The little boy is holding an umbrella over his head."]
["A child stands away from a woman and and another child and they all carry umbrellas on a sidewalk.", "A little boy is holding an umbrella beside a statue. ", "A little boy is standing in the rain under a blue umbrella. ", "Small boy standing outside holding an open umbrella.", "A little boy holds up his umbrella while standing on the cobblestone walkway."]
["A pool with several lounge chairs on a sunny day.", "A large pool with a lot of land area .", "A pool with an umbrella and chairs is shown.", "A large outdoor pool surrounded by grass and chairs", "An outdoor swimming pool surrounded by lounge chairs and umbrellas with woods in the background"]
["A creepy woman holding a clear umbrella next to a forest.", "a woman holding an umbrella in the rain with leaves on it", "A woman standing in the rain holding a clear umbrella with leaf designs.", "The women is holding an umbrella in front of her face.", "A girl holding a plastic umbrella that has leaves on it. "]
["A smiling woman shows a hard shelled case.", "A woman standing next to a desk and holding a case.", "A woman smiling and holding a modern briefcase.", "A woman arrives with her shiny black bowling bag", "A woman standing at a desk holding a case."]
["A woman smiling while standing with a luggage carrier.", "A woman pushing a cart filled with lots of luggage.", "A lady is pulling her luggage through a terminal.", "A woman standing in a station waiting with luggage.", "a woman is at an airport with a bunch of luggage"]
["A beach lined with colorful umbrellas under palm trees.", "Beach umbrellas in tropical colors protect the lounge chairs.", "a beach resort, with multicolored umbrella for shade ", "A large collection of very colorful umbrellas near some palm trees.", "An array of different colored beach umbrellas on the beach."]
["A woman and her daughter sitting outside in the sun", "A woman and her child sitting under umbrellas at the beach.", "People sitting on lounge chairs that have umbrellas attached to them.", "a woman and child sitting on a lounge chair under an umbrella ", "A woman in a bikini sitting on top of a lawn chair next to a child."]
["A man sitting up on a chair with a umbrella.", "A man sitting on a post of some sort during the day.", "A lifeguard seat situated high above the swimmers.", "A lifeguard sits on his post and watches.", "A lifeguard sitting on his tower under an umbrella. "]
["a man sitting in a life guard tower under an orange umbrella.", "A lifeguard sits under an umbrella and looks out.", "A man in a bucket hat sitting under a red umbrella.", "A lifeguard sitting on top of a lifeguard tower under an umbrella.", "A lifeguard sits under a large, orange umbrella. "]
["a couple of kids are standing in a grassy field", "There are two children standing in the grass by water.", "Two small children with umbrellas in a field near the shore.", "A couple of kids standing on top of a lush green field.", "two children in a field with many trees in the background "]
["two little girls in white holding two umbrellas.", "Two girls holding umbrellas on a brick street.", "Two small girls stand close together holding umbrellas.", "A couple of girls with umbrellas standing together.", "Two little girls standing next to each other holding umbrellas."]
["Two dogs relaxing out on the dirt road", "a pair of dogs are on a dirt path", "Two dogs hanging out next to each other on a dirt road.", "The two dogs are on the dirt road.", "Three dogs on a dirt path, two laying down and one standing"]
["A zookeeper brushes an elephant within its enclosure. ", "Small, old elephant being petted by a zookeeper.", "A man petting an elephant's head in an enclosure.", "A man is reaching over to an elephant.", "An animal keeper is petting an elephant on the head."]
["A log sitting on a field next to a river.", "The people are looking at the elephants at the zoo.", "A couple of elephants in a zoo exhibition", "A group of people behind a fence near an elephant.", "A zoo elephant enclosure on a sunny day with visitors watching the elephants."]
["A woman standing next to two bags of luggage.", "All dressed down and ready to travel far and wide.", "A women stands on the sidewalk with her luggage.", "A smiling woman standing on a sidewalk beside two pieces of luggage.", "A woman stands outside a house with two suitcases. "]
["The group of elephants are in an area with green grass. ", "A group of elephants walking in the grass near a tree.", "A herd of elephants are walking though a forest.", "some little elephants standing around a few trees ", "A herd of elephants walking in a wooded area."]
["A herd of elephants standing on leaf covered ground.", "Several elephants are standing in a  desolate field.", "A baby elephant plays near a group of larger elephants.", "An elephant is standing in front of the others. ", "Herd of elephants with a young one in front with it's trunk uplifted."]
["Long row of elephant, with blue eyes, statues.", "A line up of realistic looking elephant carvings.", "A big row of elephant heads with tusks painted white.", "Elephants standing side by side in a row in a container.", "Many identical elephant heads are in a row on display"]
["A sandy beach filled with lots of people standing on top of it.", "this is people at he beach in the sun", "there are many people and umbrellas on the beach", "Many people sitting under umbrellas on a sunny beach", "Many people lie on the beach underneath colorful umbrellas."]
["A women riding a bike with an umbrella. ", "a woman riding a bike and holding an umbrella at the same time ", "A cyclist rides a bicycle in the rain while using an umbrella.", "a lady riding a bicycle holding an umbrella", "A man riding a bike down a street with an umbrella."]
["Two little white boxes are on a mat.", "Two toy sized open cases, one full one empty.", "Two small white plastic boxes sit on a tiled surface.", "Small white storage boxes on a counter top.", "Two small plastic objects resembling a suitcase. "]
["A young girl outside in the rain holding an umbrella.", "The girl is walking in the rain with her umbrella ", "A small girl holding an umbrella to shield herself from the rain that is falling.", "A little girl in fashionable rain wear is walking under an umbrella.", "A little girl with umbrella walking in rain."]
["A couple of women that are holding umbrellas.", "Two girls are carrying umbrellas while crossing the street.", "Two women with umbrellas are crossing a street.", "Two women crossing on a crosswalk holding umbrellas in the sun ", "Two people are crossing the street holding umbrellas."]
["Two baby elephants are playing at the feet of two adult elephants. ", "A group of elephants in grassy field next to a fence.", "Two baby elephants laying in the grass between two adult elephants.", "Two young elephants are standing with two adult elephants.", "Two smaller elephants play in front of larger elephants."]
["An elephant looks at  the camera while outside", "An elephant that is very close to the camera. ", "a close up of an elephants face, with another one looking like its photobombing the picture", "An adult elephant with someone's foot on his side near a baby elephant. ", "A closeup of an elephant near the water."]
["People looking down in an enclosure with black bears.", "a group of people look down at animals in the zoo", "A group of people are watching two animals in an enclosure.", "A pair of black animals in a pen on display.", "Zoo goers viewing two furry black animals. "]
["An item inside the picture which appears to be truly astounding.\n", "Five pieces of luggage stacked on top of each other. ", "Four new suitcases are kept one above the other.", "four different suitcases red blue brown and black colors", "four pieces of luggage stacke on top of one another"]
["A woman with a baby wrapped up and a dog near the water.", "A woman carrying a baby in a sling plays frisbee with her dog.", "a person standing holding a baby next to a dog", "A woman carries her baby in a hands-free fabric sling.", "A woman with a thing holding a baby"]
["Many umbrellas waiting for any downpour from the next storm.", "Picture of an exterior place that looks wonderful.\n", "A area of concrete with several blue umbrellas laying on it.", "A group of yellow blocks next to blue umbrellas.", "A bunch of umbrellas that are sitting on the ground."]
["A bunch of umbellas sitting on a beach, during the day.", "Several blue umbrellas are setting on the pavement.", "A parking lot full of open blue umbrellas.", "a bunch of cement blocks stacked side by side in front of umbrellas", "Several blue umbrellas on the ground on a sidewalk "]
["Two people kissing at a park holding an umbrella. ", "A couple kissing under an umbrella with a crowd", "People are laying on the grass with an umbrella.", "A group of people with an umbrella on a field.", "Man and woman kissing under an umbrella on a lawn at a public performance."]
["People at the beach sitting in the sand and under umbrellas.", "The sand area of a beach with people on different area under umbrellas and sitting on towels.", "A group of people on a beach under umbrellas\n", "Men and women sitting under umbrellas on the beach.", "A group of people sitting on towels and under umbrellas at a beach."]
["A group of people standing on a brick walkway.", "A large crowd is gathered outdoors on a summer day. ", "A group of people standing on top of a brick covered area.", "a lot of people that are walking on some bricks", "A crowd is walking in the outdoor plaza."]
["Luggage sitting on the ground on a dirty and grass field.", "A group of four roll-away luggage bags sitting in a barren grass field.", "A group of suitcases laying on the ground in dirt", "A pile of luggage has been placed on a lawn.", "Four pieces of luggage laying on the ground"]
["The little girl is dressed in pink and holding a umbrella. ", "A little girl holding up a pink umbrella.", "A little girl stands under a pink umbrella.", "Young blond girl with pigtails wearing a pink top and holding a pink and white umbrella.", "Young girl is outside and holding a pink Hello Kitty umbrella."]
["People in matching shirts standing under umbrellas in the sun", "People in the same colorful shirts have umbrellas.", "A large group of people with an umbrella outside.", "A group of men standing next to a lot of umbrellas.", "a group of people that are under one umbrella"]
["The man is pushing a cart with his suitcases on it. ", "A man in a red sweater stands near a luggage rack in a doorway.", "A man pushing a luggage cart out of a doorway.", "An old man in a red jacket with a hotel luggage rack in a hotel entry way", "a man pushes a luggage cart out of a hotel"]
["a woman holding an umbrella while talking to someone.", "A woman in a dress holding a white umbrella.", "A person that is dressed up in a dress.", "an image of a blonde women with an umbrella on a sunny day", "A woman wearing a floral dress is holding a umbrella"]
["A man sleeping in a ten laying next to a big dog.", "A dog laying on a blanket next to a person", "There is a dog sitting on a pile of blankets", "A homeless man and his dog sleeping on the concrete.", "A man's feet peek out from a blanket while he naps with his dog on the beach."]
["a lot of luggage bags in the center of a room", "a collection of suitcases in a seating area", "A group of luggage sitting in a lobby.", "Luggage of various colors and sizes sits at the airport.", "A bunch of luggage in an airport seating area."]
["Two brown bears playing in a field together.", "Two small bears tussling in the grass on a sunny day. ", "Two bear cubs wrestling in the grass by rocks", "two young bears are play fighting in the open", "A couple of bear cubs rolling around a field."]
["A husky dog is carrying a frisbee in a park.", "The dog is ready to play frisbee in the fall leaves.", "A dog standing outside with a frisbee in its mouth.", "A dog in a park with a frisbee in its mouth.", "a dog in a field with a frisbee in its mouth "]
["Brown bear sitting in upright position in grassy field.", "a little bear lays down in a grassy patch ", "A bear sitting down in long green grass", "A small brown bear rolling in the grass", "A confused bear laying down about to lick himself."]
["A woman in a black jacket sitting while talking on a phone.", "a person sitting on a ledge talking on a cell phone", "She is sitting on the wall talking on her cell phone.", "A woman sitting on a stone wall on her phone.", "a person sitting on a stone wall using a cellular phone."]
["two bears partially submerged in water near each other", "Two brown bears playing in a large body of water.", "Two brown bears are wrestling in the water.", "Two brown bears interacting with each other in water", "Two brown bears are playing in the water."]
["A bear peaks out behind the grass in the woods.", "The brown bear strolls through the wilderness surrounded by grass.", "A bear looks ahead from a field of vegetation.", "a brown bear is in some green weeds ", "A large alert bear is proceeding out of a grassy area."]
["A man standing on the beach playing frisbee ", "there is a man standing i=on the beach playing frisbee", "Adult standing on sandy beach playing with flying disc.", "In the background a ramshackle fence separates the street level with street lamps. buildings and pedestrians under a stand, while in the foreground a young man in swim trunks is standing on a sandy beach, an arm on his hip, awaiting a frisbee.  ", "a man is playing with an orange disk at the beach"]
["A man standing on a beach on a cloudy day with arms spread wide ", "A person standing on a beach by some water.", "A man holding a frisbee on a beach with a clouded sky.", "a male on a skate board in the sand ", "Someone on a beach holds his hands out wide while looking at the sky. "]
["A man standing on a beach holding a white frisbee.", "A shirtless man on a beach with a disc in his hand.", "A beach full of people and a guy with a disc.", "A man on the beach about to throw a frisbee.", "A man prepares to toss a frisbee on the beach."]
["a closeup of a boy at a beach who is about to throw a frisbee", "a young boy holding a frisby on the beach", "A boy plays with a frisbee at a beach in the sun.", "A young boy stands on a beach holding a frisbee.", "A young boy is holding a frisbee at the beach."]
["Two young kids playing a game of frisbee on a beach.", "Two children are playing frisbee on the beach.", "Two children are playing on the beach with a frisbee.", "A girl holds her arms out to a Frisbee while a boy kicks his leg.", "Little girl in the motion of trying to catch a frisbee while playing on the beach. "]
["A man is standing on the beach playing with a Frisbee ", "The Frisbee is flying at the man in a white shirt.", "a person standing on a beach playing frisbee", "A man catches a Frisbee on a rocky beach. ", "Man catching a frisbee on a beach in front of a house"]
["A man wearing a red shirt is throwing a frisbee ", "A man is on a beach and is getting ready to throw a Frisbee. ", "A man on a beach with a Frisbee in his hands.", "A man on a beach getting ready to throw a frisbee.", "A man on the beach is about to throw the Frisbee. "]
["A man walking across a beach tossing a frisbee.", "A man on the beach is playing Frisbee.", "A man is playing a game of frisbee on the beach.", "a man in a red shirt at the beach playing frisbee", "A man in a red shirt, on a beach, throwing a Frisbee."]
["People on a beach playing a game of frisbee.", "A woman in playing with a green frisbee at the beach.", "Lady on beach throwing a yellow Frisbee while others walk on foot.", "A woman is throwing a frisbee on the beach.", "an image of a woman throwing a Frisbee on the beach"]
["A woman on the beach playing with a frisbee.", "A woman throws a frisbee on a beahc.", "A woman is throwing a Frisbee on a beach.", "a young female wearing a swimsuit throwing a Frisbee on a beach", "A woman stands on a beach and throws a frisbee."]
["A woman in a bathing suit holding a Frisbee on a beach.", "A woman is throwing a Frisbee at the beach.", "a woman on the beach getting ready to throw a frisbee ", "A woman playing frisbee on a beach wearing a swimsuit.", "Woman in blue swimsuit playing on beach with disc."]
["A tiny dog in a doggy bed covered with a blanket.", "A little foxy dog is laying in a bed covered by a crocheted blanket and sticking his tongue out.", "A small brown dog laying in a dog bed under a blanket.", "A fluffy tan puppy lays down on a blanket, with its tongue out.", "an image of a dog that is lying in a blanket"]
["a polar bear fully submerged in a small body of water", "A baby polar bear swimming in the water.", "A polar bear is diving down in a pool.", "A polar bear taking a swim in the water.", "A polar bear submerged in clear blue water. "]
["Boy in swimsuit on a beach throwing a frisbee.", "A young boy tossing a small frisbee in the air", "A kid on a beach throwing a Frisbee.", "A child chases after a Frisbee on a beach. ", "A young man tossing a frisbee on top of a beach."]
["A black bear balances on a wooden fence", "a black bear walking on a wooden fence during the day", "A black bear walking along the top of a fence line.", "A black bear that is on the side of a fence.", "A black bear standing on top of a wooden fence."]
["A young man holding a yellow frisbee in his hands.", "A man getting ready to throw a Frisbee with on lookers.", "A young man getting ready to throw a Frisbee.", "A man positioned in a way, holding a yellow Frisbee. ", "a man at the park getting ready to throw a yellow frisbee "]
["Three young men holding Frisbees in a park posing for a picture.", "Three men display their flying discs in the park.", "Three frisbee golf players stand smiling and holding their frisbees.", "A group of three men holding frisbees in their hands.", "Three men pose with their frisbee golf discs."]
["A group of people standing together on a field smiling.", "A row of men wearing striped shirts stand on a tennis court next to a man in a black t-shirt.", "there is a frisbee team taking a team photo ", "A group of men standing next to each other on a green court.", "A Frisbee team on a field being happy."]
["Two zebras eating hay from a feeder together", "Two zebras stand near a feeding station that contains hay.", "Two zebras eating grass from a trough in a zoo.", "Two zebras eating hay. One zebra is staring at the camera man. ", "On zebra standing and staring while another zebra is eating. "]
["A young man holding a pink frisbee on a beach.", "A boy on the beach playing with a Frisbee", "A boy holds a frisbee on a beach.", "The boy is holding a frisbee at the beach.", "A boy holding a frisbee while standing in the sand at the beach."]
["a dog surrounded by a bunch of papers and books", "a little pomeranian stting on a table with some books ", "There is a dog sitting on a pile of things", "A brown dog in the middle of books on a table.", "A small puppy sits on a messy bed cluttered with books and papers."]
["A large brown dog laying on top of a raft.", "The dog is taking a nap on the fear.", "A yellow dog covers his eyes while laying on a board near the water's edge.", "A dog is laying on its side by the beach.", "A dog laying down and covering its eyes on a concrete platform above water. "]
["color photo of three zebra standing in all directions", "Two zebras that are standing right next to one another.", "A group of zebra standing next to each other.", "two zebras are enbracing each other with their necks", "Two zebras standing in a field lean their heads against each other."]
["Young girl in a dress playing with a frisbee.", "A small girl in a flowered dress watches a frisbee", "a girl is wearing a black dress with flowers and an orange frisbee", "A girl in a dress preparing to catch a Frisbee", "Girl in a dress throwing a red frisbee."]
["A zebra standing on a lush green field.", "A zebra is outside eating near a building.", "A zebra feeding in solitude in a dirt and grass pen.", "The zebra is grazing outside near the feeder and shed.", "A zebra standing and  eating in a fenced area"]
["A zebra stooped over eating grass in a field.", "A zebra standing alone on a patch of grass and dirt.", "A lone zebra grazing grass in a mostly sandy area.", "a small zebra appears to be eating something on the ground ", "A zebra grazing in a red dirt field."]
["The two zebras are standing on the plain.", "A picture of some animals in the grass.", "Two zebras graze in the thicket of the plains.", "Two zebras standing in a field with tall grass", " a couple of zebras are standing field"]
["A person doing karate in a field at night", "A man standing on a lush green field holding a Frisbee.", "A man throwing a frisbee in a dark field.", "A man raring back with a frisbee in his hand while on a darkened field.", "A man standing outside on the grass at night making body motions."]
["Various types of animals standing in a fenced in area.", "Herd of zebra with antelope in artificial enclosure", "a couple of zebras are off in a field", "Zebras and other animals graze in a field.", "The zebras are in the fence with other animals."]
["A zebra and a rhino interacting in the wild. ", "The rhinoceros lays down next to the zebra in the safari. ", "A zebra walking next to a rhino laying down.", "Two animals in the middle of a field.", "a zebra and a rhino are on some orange dirt"]
["two different kinds of zebras in the grasslands", "A pair of zebras grazing on a green field.", "A mother and a baby zebra are in a grassy area", "a couple of zebras walk next to a car ", "A close up of a car window makes a black border to a shot that features short grass and  an adult zebra, its head obstructed by the baby zebra in front of it. "]
["a man on a horse that is in side of a gate", "A man that is on a horse in the dirt.", "The cowboy at the rodeo is trying to rope the calf.", "A horseback person throws a lasso to rope a calf in a ring.", "A woman in a rodeo riding a horse attempts to rope a calf in a cruel sport."]
["A young man standing in front of a zebra in an enclosure.", "A man standing next to a zebra at a zoo.", "A boy is standing near a zebra who is behind a fence.", "A man in white hat standing in front of a zebra.", "a man stands in front of some zebras "]
["Four zebras walk around a couple of trees.", "Four zebras standing under a tree in a fenced in area.", "Zebras roaming around on a dirt lot under trees.", "A group of zebras walking around a fenced area.", "A group of zebras walking around their enclosure"]
["A person rides a horse down a trail in the mountains.", "A man riding a horse near a bunch of rocks. ", "A person on horseback on a mountain trail", "The horse rider wearing a hat rides near a hill of small rocks.", "A person is riding a horse through the mountains."]
["A person riding on the back of a brown horse on a rocky hillside.", "a man with a hat and a back pack riding on a horse", "Two people are riding horses in the desert.", "People riding horses up a rocky dirt path.", "Two people are horseback riding single-file on a trail through a barren desert landscape."]
["A couple of men riding horses down a rocky path.", "Several riders on horses following a trail in the mountains.", "A line of horses with riders travel along a rocky landscape.", "an image of a man on a couple of horses", "Two riders ride horses down a dirt trail."]
["A man and woman ride horses through hilly terrain.", "Two people riding on the back of brown horses.", "A woman and a man are riding horses with mountains in the background.", "two people sitting on top of two horses next to a mountain", "Two people are riding horses along the hillside."]
["A view of the back of a horses head following another horse.", "Two people riding horses are walking along a rocky surface.", "Two horses walking down a pathway filled with rocks. ", "Two horses walking in a rocky area. ", "A brown horse walking down a rocky road."]
["a small child riding a horse on a city street", "A girl with painted face riding on a brown horse.", "A young girl with a painted face is on a horse.", "A girl is riding a horse next to a tree.", "A small young girl is riding a horse beside a tree."]
["Several brown horses are standing in a field.", "Four horses are standing close to each other in a field.", "A group of horses stay close together on the country side. ", "A herd of horses  standing together in a field", "A herd of horses gathered at the top of a hill."]
["A small child in the saddle on a horse at the rodeo", "A little girl in a cow boy hat on top of a big brown horse.", "Young girl in cowboy hat using a rope while riding a horse.", "A small child sitting on a large brown saddled horse", "A little kid sits on a horse while playing with a lasso. "]
["A cowboy on a horse in a rodeo show ", "a man riding a horse in a rodeo", "Spectators at a rodeo watching a woman barrel racing.", "A man is barrel racing on a horse with people watching.", "The horse rider is galloping while wearing an orange shirt."]
["A woman riding on the back of a brown horse.", "a teenage girl rides a horse down a dirt road", "A woman with a smile on her face riding a horse.", "She loves riding her favorite horse as much as she can.", "a girl in a white shirt sitting on a brown and black horse"]
["a man dressed in a knight costume riding a horse performing at a show", "a man dressed like a knight riding a horse", "A person riding a horse and wearing armor in front of a crowd.", "A man in armor riding a horse in a black and white photo", "A black and white image of a man dressed up in Midevil attire, riding a horse. "]
["A white horse with its head sticking over a gate.", "A horse looking over a fence with the sun just over the top of the building behind it.", "a close up of a horse behind a fence", "A horse holds his head above a fence.", "an image of a white horse sticking its neck over the gate"]
["A group of men riding horses down a street.", "A group of people who are sitting on horses.", "a group of men ride on some horses ", "a group of men in red coats ride horses down a street", "A parade of horses with their riders fancifully dressed."]
["An office desk with three laptops, a computer monitor and keyboard.", "Cluttered desk top with three laptops and one computer", "A table with four computers on top, three of which are laptops", "Four computers sitting on desks in an office.", "A desk with multiple laptops and a desktop monitor."]
["A snowboarder poses next to two skiers on the mountain.", "Four people are skiing on a snowy mountain.", "Skiers and snowboarders on top of a mountain.", "Snowboarder and skiers on a bright sunny day.", "A snowboarder and skiers on a snowy slope."]
["A group of people riding skis on snow covered ground.", "Skiers gathering outside the lodge of a ski area. ", "A group of people on skis. standing on the snow covered ground together.", "A few people are getting ready to ski.", "Several skiers stand on the snow in their ski gear."]
["two men looking angry at each other. ", "There is a man who is holding a banana.", "A man is raising his fists at another man holding a banana.", "A guy holding up a banana at another guy who has his fist up. ", "A ginger holding up a fist next to a ripe banana."]
["A monkey that is holding a banana and a bottle. ", "Small monkey eating a banana and trying to get the cap off a juice bottle.", "A monkey who is holding a drink and a banana.", "A monkey that is holding a bottle and a banana.", "The cute monkey holds a banana and attempts to open a drink."]
["An orange carved to look like a jack-o-lantern is next to a knife.", "An orange is carved like a pumpkin on a plate.", "A knife and an orange carved to look like a Jack-o-lantern.", "A carved grapefruit with a carving knife laying in front.", "A knife that is next to a orange in a bowl."]
["a close up of a baseball and a glove ", "a baseball sits inside of a glove on a bench ", "A baseball and a glove are sitting on a aluminum bench.", "a baseball mitt holding a baseball in it ", "A used baseball sits in a baseball glove."]
["A basket fill with different types of fruit.", "There are bananas and other fruit that is inside if the basket", "Pears and bananas are in a wooden bowl.", "Some bananas and pears are in the basket", "a basket of bananas and some apples on a table"]
["A baseball player hits a ball during a game.", "A person is separated from everyone else in the picture and doing something there.\n", "a man is swinging a baseball bat at a game", "a man swinging a bat on the baseball field in front of a crowd of people", "A batter swinging at a pitch on the baseball field."]
["room with a baby crib and purple chair", "A woman holding a baby next to a window.", "A woman holding a child in a living area.", "One large room can provide a home away from home.", "A woman with her baby walk through the house"]
["Two girls who are looking at some snow skis in the store.", "Two young girls check out ski equipment for their age group.", "Two young girls in a store looking at skis", "Two girl children at a wall of skis indoors.", "A couple of little girls standing inside of a ski shop."]
["Two young baseball players in blue uniforms standing in right field", "These two kids are watching their mom leave  before their practice.", "A couple of children wearing blue t-shirts hold baseball mitts in a park area.", "A children's baseball team playing a game outdoors", "two people on a field wearing baseball equipment"]
["A close up of green apples with other fruit out of focus in the background", "Bright green apples are are displayed with other produce in the background.", "Some apples are sitting in a pile near oranges and other fruit.", "Green apples sit piled up with other produce in the background.", "A close up of apples in the produce sections with other fruits in background."]
["A man and dog that is sitting in a ski lift.", "A guy on a ski machine riding to his destination to ski.", "A man and a dog ride on a ski lift while it is snowing.", "A person riding a ski lift over orange traffic cones.", "A man is riding the ski lift with his dog."]
["A man gets ready to hit the pitch being thrown", "Two boys play baseball in an urban park.", "a man stands ready to swing his bat as another man pitches a ball at him", "Some people playing baseball in a park baseball field", "A young man holding a baseball bat over a base."]
["Two people skiing right up to a big lodge.", "Two men skiing down a slick slope next to large building.", "A couple of people riding skis down a walkway.", "Two people on cross country skis passing by a building.", "a person walking on snow covered road  while wearing skis."]
["looking out a window from inside the ski lodge", "A group of people riding down a snow covered slope.", "Skiers at the bottom of a ski run on a mountain.", "people walking in snow on a ski slope", "People inside a glass building at the bottom of a ski slope watch others snow ski."]
["Three white flowers in a vase with flower images on it.", "A painting of a glass vase, holding a bouquet of daffodils.", "Bright flowers sit in a painted glass pitcher.", "A beautiful arrangement of spring flowers in a painted vase.", "Flowered glass vase containing five beautifully opened flowers."]
["A plate with meat, broccoli, and noodles is sitting on a table.", "A child's plate with brocolli, chicken, and noodles.", "A photo of a meal on a plate on a table.", "A plate topped with meat, pasta and vegetables.", "A child's plate of food and a fork on a table."]
["A baseball player taking a swing at an incoming ball.", "A baseball player swinging a bat on a field.", "A man in a blue jersey swinging a bat on a baseball field.", "This image is of a batter taking a swing during a baseball game.", "a baseball player at the plate swinging his bat"]
["Three men in a booth making juice to sell.", "Two men working at a stand that uses citrus fruit.", "People are standing in a street car covered in oranges.", "Two men work at a juice stand together.", "A juicery displays rows of fruits along the front of the shop."]
["an image of a professional baseball game being played", "A baseball player wearing a white uniform and black socks waiting for the ball.", "Baseball players and the crowd during a baseball game.", "a baseball player with a glove on a field", "A baseball player watching home plate for the play."]
["A man and young child stand in the snow giving thumbs up.", "a woman and her son pose on the snow", "a little kid standing next to their mom on the hill", "A man standing next to a child on a snow covered slope.", "A man and child are giving a thumbs up sign in the snow. "]
["three people riding skis on a snowy surface", "A group of people enjoying a snow covered slope.", "Several people on snow skis going down a hill.", "People skiing down a snowy tree lined mountain.", "Three people skiing a hill during the day."]
["A child on skis in the snow next to a sign.", "A young child on snow skis and standing in the snow underneath a directional sign.", "A child with skis standing in front of a sign.", "The child is skiing in the snow while dressed in warm clothing.", "a child in a blue jacket on skis and two blue green and white street signs"]
["A woman standing next to a sign on top of a snowboard.", "A person wearing skis stands next to a sign.", "The man is getting ready to ski down the slopes. ", "A man wearing skis next to a slope sign reading \"superstar\".", "Man in heavy winter clothes on skiis next to a sign for a black diamond slope."]
["A beautiful girl sitting at a table with an orange.", "A teenager sitting at a table holding an orange.", "A girl sitting at a kitchen table and holding an orange.", "A worried looking girl sitting at a kitchen table holding an orange.", "A girl is sitting at a kitchen table holding an orange."]
["Two boys in red uniforms playing baseball at park.", "Two little baseball players stand on the diamond. ", "Two little boys are playing baseball on a baseball field. ", "Two kids standing outside on a baseball field.", "Two little boys are playing baseball in a park. "]
["Four children in the snow learning to ski.", "four small children are skiing down a hill", "Four children in snow clothes glide slowly on ski's.", "Several young people are out in the cold trying to ski. ", "A group of children are skiing on the snow."]
["A young skier headed down to the ski lodge.", "A person who is  skiing in a desolate, snowy area.", "a child is on skis going down a hill", "a little kid skiing down the slopes learning ", "A small child skiing down a gentle slope at a ski resort"]
["Multiple bunches of bananas and plantains in an outdoor market.", "Harvested bananas, still green, sit in a pile.", "A large pile of bananas sitting inside of a market.", "Bushels of bananas being unloaded into a pile.", "A bunch of green bananas are in a large pile."]
["A small child is on snow skis in the snow.", "A kid is riding down a hill on skis.", "a child wearing skis  standing on a snow bank.", "A small boy with skiing gear on the snow.", "A child uses skis to move over the snowy ground."]
["Bowls of fresh salad, soup, pudding and rice", "A round container of soup, fruit, meat and salad.", "A collection of four bowls ov various food sit on a table.", "An assortment of different dishes nicely arranged on a dining table.", "four bowls containing different types of food in them "]
["A polka dot plate topped with a slice of pizza.", "an image of a slice pizza on a plate", "A pizza with leaves and pepperoni on it", "A piece of pizza with pepperoni and vegetables is on the plate.", "A slice of pizza on a polka dotted plate"]
["A man coaching a tee ball practice. ", "A man is playing T-ball with two little boys.", "little boys are being coached in baseball at a park", "Children practicing tee ball together with a male coach standing behind the hitter and a tennis court in the background.", "Little boys are playing t ball on a field."]
["Woman stands and poses for a shot while wearing skis", "Man on cross country skis posing in front of camera.", "A skier standing in the snow in a big field.", "In a snowy landscape, a man wears red pants and a yellow jacket and stands on skis.", "A person wearing skis, hat and gloves is standing on a ski slope."]
["A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A woman who is wearing some snow skis.", "A man that is on ski's in the snow.", "The woman in a grey helmet is asking through snow.", "A person skiing on snow covered mountains with skis."]
["A women who is carrying a young girl wearing snow skis.", "Adult skier carries a child skier up a snowy slope.", "Adult carrying a child in full gear, including skiis at the bottom of a ski slope.", "The young children are getting ready to ski down the hill. ", "An adult skier carries a child skier under their arm on the slopes"]
["A monkey is sitting on the ground eating a banana.", "A monkey sitting on a dirt road eating a banana.", "A close-up of the monkey sitting down eating a banana.", "A monkey with a banana sitting in the dirt.", "The money sits on the white sand eating a banana."]
["A man and a woman riding skis down the slide of a snow covered slope.", "A man and a woman ski in slushy snow in the woods.", "A man and a woman skiing down the hill.", "Two people ski down a large snow covered hill.", "two people on skis make their way through shallow snow "]
["A woman wearing a jacket and jeans skiing down a hill.", "A woman in skis poses in the snow", "A woman on skis standing on a slope.", "The woman is getting ready to ski in the snow.", "a woman on skis smiles while standing in the snow "]
["A plate topped with three chocolate cup cakes.", "Three unfrosted chocolate cupcakes on a floral china plate.", "three red velvet cup cakes with no frosting on a flowered plate", "The plate has three muffins wrapped in foil on it.", "Some tasty and nice food ready to eat.\n"]
["A wooden table topped with four white bowls.", "There are bowls filled with food such as strawberries and pasta.", "A couple of different types of food on dishes.", "Four dishes are sitting on a black table.", "Fours bowls with varying types of food on a table"]
["Three metal pans filled with different types of food.", "Some tins that have various food items in them.", "An arrangement of fruits and vegetables in metal dishes on a table.", "A bunch of food sitting in a bunch of metal pots.", "this is various food sitting on a table"]
["Three metal containers of food, one with meat and pasta, one with fruit and one with bread and dates.", "Three silver pans filled with different types of food.", "Fruit and other foods separated in tin cans.", "Several stainless steel containers hold bread, fruit and meat and pasta.", "Small metal containers holding various snack items including fruit."]
["The young child is learning how to ski. ", "A young girl on a pair of snow skis.", "a small child standing on a snow covered bank wearing skis.", "A child on skis standing on a ski slope.", " A young person wearing winter attire on skies."]
["A snow skier is going down a mountain slope.", "A man in skis riding down a slope next to trees.", "Downhill skier with orange helmet and backpack airborne while skiing down the slope. ", "Downhill skier on snow covered alpine slope on clear day.", "A skier goes air born while skiing down a hill"]
["The man is holding up  fresh green bananas", "a man is holding a bunch of bananas", "a man in a blue shirt is holding some bananas", "A man is standing in between two branches filled with bananas. ", "A man standing between two bunches of bananas."]
["A young girl riding skis on top of a snow covered ground.", "A very small child skiing in the snow.", "A kid is standing in the snow on skis.", "a young girl on skis in the snow", "a small kid on skis stands in the snow "]
["Two young girls in snow-boarding gear sitting down", "a couple of kids with skis on sitting on the snow ", "two small child sitting in the snow wearing a pair of skis", "two children sitting down with skies ans helmets ", "Two small children sitting down in the snow on skiis"]
["A man is on his own while skiing. ", "A skier is skiing down a mountain slope.", "A man is skiing down a mountain full of smooth packed snow.", "A person that is out in the snow.", "A person skiing down a snow covered ski jump."]
["A table with many pieces of cut up broccoli.", "A stalk of broccoli has been cut up into many pieces.", "A bunch of broccoli spread out on a table ", "Manny stalks of green broccoli laying on a pan.", "A cookie sheet full of cut broccoli spears."]
["A man riding skis down the side of a snow covered slope.", "This skiier is getting ready to make a crucial turn", "A skier barrels down a snow covered mountain at incredible speeds.", "a man skiing down a hill in a colorful outfit", "A competitive skier wears a black helmet and brown gloves."]
["Two skiers rest against a snowbank along side a cross country trail.", "People are resting on a snow bank while others ski in the background.", "Two women smile with skis on as they sit in a snow bank.", "Two skiers wait on an embankment of snow on the edge of a ski course.", "Several people on snow skis lean against a snow bank.."]
["Walnuts are being cut on a wooden cutting board.", "Chopped walnuts on a cutting board next to a knife.", "Chopped nuts on a cutting board next to a knife on the table. ", "Some chopped up food sits on a cutting board.", "Nuts sitting on top of a cutting board next to a knife."]
["an assortment of tropical fruits with some large yellow flowers", "An assortment of tropical fruits laid out on a blanket", "Many different fruits are gathered in a pile. ", "Several pieces of colorful tropical fruit and a couple flowers.", "there is a lot of green and yellow fruit, also some flowers."]
["A prepared dinner on a plate sits on a table.", "the table has a plate on it with food ", "A white plate of broccoli, steak, and mushrooms.", "Dinner plate with prepared steak, broccoli and sauteed mushrooms", "A plate containing a serving of broccoli, cooked meat, and sauteed mushrooms."]
["A simple, fenced in garden containing several kinds of plants.", "A plot of dirt with a fence around it with flower pots next to it. ", "a few plants in a garden near a fence ", "A small garden that has vegetables blooming in it.", "a car  some dirt a garden grass bushes and trees"]
["A man that is on ski's standing in the snow.", "A man on snow skis who is going down a hill.", "A man sking in the snow on his skis", "A skier is going downhill during a race.", "a man is skiing down a hill past a sign"]
["a bunch og pumpkins are laying in a field", "An expansive pumpkin patch full of ripe pumpkins.", "A field that has a large number of pumpkins on it.", "A group of pumpkins ready to be picked. ", "Large field with pumpkins ready for picking soon."]
["There are carrots, apples and two full cups on the cutting board. ", "A white cutting board holding two drinks and some cut food.", "Two glasses of juice next to a knife and cut up pieces of orange and apple.", "two glasses of juiced carrots and apples on a white cutting board", "Two glasses of juice are on a cutting board near diced vegetables."]
["A fork is inside of a bowl of broccoli.", "Broccoli is in a bowl with a fork. ", "A white bowl filled with broccoli and a large fork.", "Broccoli is served in a bowl with a fork.", "A white plate full of broccoli with a fork on it. "]
["A bowl with different foods sitting on a napkin.", "A bowl on a table of some kind of food ", "Food items displayed in bowl atop cloth on wooden table. ", "This meal includes broccoli, potato, and some other type of food.", "A bowl of food, including broccoli, sitting on a napkin."]
["There are people with skis standing around the snow.", "A group of people riding skis while holding ski pole.", "Several people in ski gear standing in the snow.", "A group of people standing around with ski equipment on.", "A skier with goggles and a helmet on standing at the top of a ski slope with other skiers around."]
["A plate containing servings of meat, broccoli and beans.", "A white plate topped with meat, veggies and more veggies.", "a plate of food that is on top of a mat", "A meal of a meat patty, broccoli and beans on a white plate.", "A plate of beans, broccoli, and meat is on a placemat. "]
["A man riding down a snow covered slope on skis.", "A person on some skis on a big snowy hill.", "A skier trying to stop skiing in the snow.", "A man that is skiing down a hill.", "The skier is enjoying his downhill run in the snow.."]
["different segments of the same person riding a skate board", "A skateboarder does a trick on a raised surface next to a parking lot.", "A guy jumping a skateboard off a curb.", "A man on a skateboard is doing a trick.", "A man is doing a skateboard trick at various stages."]
["A man wearing ski gear models an outfit in a fashion show.", "A man in a pink outfit walking down a runway on skis.", "A man in a clown suit doing some cross country skiing.", "A man wearing a pink suit skiing on a runway.", "A man on skis walking down a runway. "]
["Alfredo pasta with broccoli and mushrooms hot meal.", "A plate filled with pasta and mushrooms with broccoli.", "This is a mushroom, broccoli, and pasta ragu.", "some pasta with broccoli mushrooms and sauce ", "A noodle dish has Alfredo sauce, broccoli, and mushrooms. "]
["A young woman riding skis down a ski slope while holding ski poles.", "A woman at the start of a downhill ski slope. \n", "A woman on skis heading down the slope", "A person in full gear is on skis outside in the snow", "A woman leaving the starting point during a ski race."]
["A competitive skier leans on their skis while going downhill", "A skier is crouched in position going down a snowy hill.", "A man in a skiing competition skiing down a snow covered hill.", "A skiier heading down a snowy hill in uniform", "A skier in a skiing position on a snowy slope."]
["A boy skateboarder making a high jump in a parking lot.", "a person jumping a skate board in the air", "A man is doing a trick on a skateboard", "A guy on a skate board high up in the air.", "a guy failing badly with a skateboard trick in a parking lot   "]
["Meat sitting on a plate with green vegetables on the side.", "close up of a plate of food on a table", "A plate filled with meat and vegetables on a table.", "an image of a plate with meat and vegetables on it", "A plate of steak and steamed vegetables with spices and garnish."]
["A woman is in a bedroom holding a wine glass.", "a girl that just finished a meal and is now drinking some wine", "A woman seated in a room and holding a beverage glass that has a small amount of liquid in it.", "A young woman is sitting down and she is holding a glass of some sort of beverage.", "A woman staring at a wine glass she holds in her hand."]
["A hand in a bowl full of broccoli.", "Someone getting broccoli ready to eat by washing it.", "A hand grabbing broccoli from a grey bowl.", "A hand reaching into a bowl of broccoli", "A person reaches their hand in a bowl of broccoli."]
["A person with some skis in the snow.", "a snow skier coming down a snowy mountain", "A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "a person skiing down a hill by themselves ", "A lone skier, dressed all in black, going down a hill."]
["A close-up of a plate of pasta and meat with a piece of broccoli.", "A brocolli pasta and meat meal on  aplate.", "a close up of a plate of macaroni and broccoli", "Broccoli accompanies pasta that has a brown sauce.", "A plate of pasta with meat and broccoli together"]
["A man doing a trick on a skateboard", "The man is jumping over the skate board", "Man in a skateboard being handed another skateboard in the air. ", "A man that is holding a skateboard in the air.", "A man flying through the air on top of a skateboard."]
["A man in green pants suspenders and a white shirt.", "an image of a man in a costume skateboarding", "A man in a green and white costume using a skate board.", "A man wearing clownish attire is riding a skateboard as others watch.", "A man wearing green pants and a bow tie skateboards down a road. "]
["Two people with skis are skiing on the snow.", "A man standing on top of a snow covered ski slope.", "there are many skiers standing at the top of this mountain", "A skier skiing on the snow during the day.", "A man in red jacket in ski gear at the top of a slope."]
["Sliced apple in a bowl covered in cinnamon.", "Cut up apples with brown sugar on top. ", "Some sliced apples are in a white bowl", "A bowl with apples next to a fork.", "A white bowl filled with apples and cinnamon."]
["SOME ONE HOLDING A PLATE OF BROCOLLI AND MIXED VEGETABLES", "A white plate topped with vegetables and salad.", "The plate of vegetables has a salad and broccoli.", "A plate of vegetables are being held by someone.", "A white plate filled with vegetables held by a hand."]
["A man on a skateboard rides along an edge. ", "a guy that is doing a trick on a skateboard", "a male skateboarder in a white shirt doing a trick", "A man using a skateboard on the side of a pool.", "A man flipping through the air while riding a skateboard."]
["A closeup of pink and yellow fruit in a tree.", "Apples hanging on an apple tree near a fence.", "a close up of fruit hanging from a tree", "A number of red and green apples growing on a tree.", "The are pink buds on the plants outside."]
["A white square plate topped with meat and veggies.", "some food with some sliced vegetables and a fork", "Some food sits on a white counter top.", "Orange, green, and yellow dish sitting on bread. ", "A plate of food with meat and vegetables."]
["Four bowls filled with different types of food.", "Bowls of freshly cooked vegetables, pasta and banana pudding", "An assortment of different foods in bowls on a table", "An assortment of vegetarian foods in bowls on a black table.", "A meatless dinner is arranged nicely in bowls."]
["Mastering the art of skateboarding is profoundly beneficial.", "A  young man skateboarding on a wooden ramp.", "A man in a helmet doing a skateboarding trick.", "a person riding a skate board on a vert ramp", "A man on a skateboard skating on a pole at a ramp.  "]
["A man falls down while skating on a slope", "A man falls off his skateboard and hit his head.", "A man lays on the ground while a skateboard is in the air above the ground.", "A skateboarder is separated from his board with feet in the air.", "A person on a skateboard on the ground of a park."]
["A teenager riding a skateboard on a half pipe.", "the man is riding a skateboard down a ramp", "The skateboarder in jumping in the air off the halfpipe.", "a man is getting air on his board", "A man riding a skateboard down the side of a wooden ramp."]
["Skateboarder sticks his tongue out while he rides his skateboard down the rail.", "Man on skateboard concentrating while going down a pipe.", "A skateboarder doing tricks on a skateboard at a indoor park.", "Skateboarder wearing protective gear grinds his board on metal railing. ", "a person riding a skate board on a vert ramp"]
["A person riding a skate board in the street holding a flag.", "Skate boarder with small sail riding on paved street.", "A man rides a skateboard with a sail(?) in the street.", "A man in orange pants is on a skateboard that has a flag hanging from it.", "A person riding a skateboard on the sidewalk while holding a pole."]
["A sandwich being browned on a buttered grill.", "A sandwich with two pieces of bread and bananas and peanut butter.", "A sandwich sitting on top of a frying pan.", "An up close of a sandwich on a black object. ", "A sandwich that has food in between the pieces."]
["A mug sitting on a warmer next to a mouse. ", "Coffee cup and warmer next to a computer mouse and keyboard", "A close-up of a USB powered cup warmer next to a mouse.", "A desk with topped with a computer mouse and a keyboard.", "A cup rests on a mouse pad next to a computer."]
["A dinner table with a place setting and dish of food that has meat and vegetables.", "A plate topped with lots of food covered in sauce.", "The meal of meat and rice has a carrot on it. ", "The chef plated the customers meal with an artistic flair.", "a well made meal on  white plate put on a table"]
["A litte girl in a blue jacket holding a carrot.", "The little girl is eating carrots in a paper plate.", "A little girl eats carrots at an outdoor gathering.", "Young child playing ith carrots from plate of vegetables.", "little blonde girl holding a baby carrot above a paper plate with more carrots and next to a plate full of cut vegetables"]
["A boy at a skate park practicing on his skateboard. ", "A small boy is on cement on a skateboard.", "A young boy riding a skateboard across a parking lot.", "A little boy at a skate park with a skateboard", "A child wearing a helmet, knee pads and elbow pads, with one foot on a skateboard. "]
["a skate park with multiple kids on skateboards", "A group of young people skateboarding on hockey ring.", "A group of kids at a skateboard park doing tricks", "Several kids on skateboards at a skating park.", "There are several skaters at a skate park skating around."]
["A young boy in a helmet with other boys on skateboards behind him.", "A boy wearing a helmet near skate boarders.", "A boy wears a helmet while others ride skateboards.", "a group of people riding skate board in an open lot", "KIDS AT A SKATEBOARD PARK RIDING SKATEBOARDS AND WATCHING "]
["A woman riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A skier skiing with her poles tucked under her arms.", "a person on skis rides on some snow ", "A woman skiing down a mountain in the middle of the trail.", "a person that is skiing down a snowy hill"]
["Skier competing on snow covered sloped race course.", "a person riding skis on a snowy slope", "an image of a man on the ski slope", "A skier leans to his left as he maneuvers on a slope.", "a person skiing on a snow covered bank ."]
["a snow skier weaving around the pole markers", "A woman skiing down hill around polls in a competition.", "A person skiing down hill during an event.", "A skier skiing between poles on a ski course.", "A person is doing something by itself and interesting.\n"]
["A man on skies skiing down slope wearing protective gear.", "A person is riding down a hill on skis.", "The person is skiing down the snow covered mountain. ", "A woman in ski gear riding down a slope.", "A skier leaning to the side on a snowy hill."]
["A skier is about to start a race.\n", "a snow skier wearing light blue and two other people", "A person in a form fitting suit leans out of a starting gate with poles.", "a skier about to start their slope race ", "A person leans forward with ski sticks. "]
["A woman skiing down a snow covered slope.", "A skier performs on a snowy obstacle course.", "A woman on a pair of skies during a competition.", "A skier performing a downhill slalom run. ", "The skier is wearing a bright red snowsuit as she skis. "]
["A woman riding skis on top of snow covered ground.", "A woman skiing on a snowy hill during the day", "A skier is skiing on a snowy field.", "A woman using skis going through the snow.", "A woman is snow skiing on a mountain slope."]
["A bowl of vegetable soup on a plate with a spoon placed in the bowl.", "A bowl of soup contains fresh vegetables and avocado", "A soup consisting of squash, carrots, black beans and avocado.", "Vegetable soup with carrots in a bowl with a spoon.  ", "A bowl of black bean soup is garnished with avocado."]
["a number of people wearing skis on a snowy surface", "a man standing on a hill while holding onto ski poles ", "People with skis on their feet on a slope.", "Several people on skis on a ski hill.", "Many skiers are walking through the snow of a slope."]
["A person riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A competitor in a slalom ski race ", "A person snow ski racing on a gated course.", "Slalom skier making turn past poles on ski slope.", "A person who is skiing down a course."]
["A group of three people riding a ski lift over a snow covered slope.", "Three skiers ride the ski lift to the top of the slopes.", "Three people wearing ski gear sitting on a ski lift.", "a group of men sit on top of a ski lift ", "Three people ride on a ski-lift while wearing skis."]
["A downhill skier is racing against the clock.", "A person riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A woman skiing down a ski slope with neon colored ski poles.", "a skier that is skiing down a snowy hill", "A skier is riding the slopes on a snow hill."]
["A group of people riding skis while holding ski poles.", "A group of people on snow skis and standing next to one another, facing both directions.", "Several skiers are lined up at the base of a hill.", "A crowd of people are skiing on a mountain.", "A line of skiiers on the slopes and their skiis."]
["A boy is sitting on a skateboard on the street.", "a person sitting on a skate board riding downhill", "The young boy is setting down on his skateboard.", "A man riding a skateboard down the side of a curvy road.", "A boy sitting on a skateboard with raised feet. "]
["A boy rides a skateboard down a street with his arms outstretched. ", "A person holds his arms out while riding a skateboard down the street.", "a man lifting his hand up while skating", "A skateboarder opens his arms while traveling on a road.", "A man in white shirt riding a skateboard down a hill."]
["A partial cake and chopsticks are on the table with a lego man.", "A toy figurine dressed as as skeleton stands among the remains of a cake.", "A cake that has been cut and served.", "A toy figure standing next to the remains of a cake.", "A toy is sitting next to a half eaten cake."]
["A man standing next to a sled with baggage on top of it.", "A man walking around a snowy site with various skiing equipment", "A man on a mountain in the snow surrounded by snow equipment. ", "A man standing next to backpacks and skis and poles.", "A man on a snowing mountain with all of his ski gear placed on the ground around him."]
["A man riding a skateboard on top of  street.", "A pair of Nike shoes on a skateboard", "someone that is stepping on a small skateboard", "There is a nike shoe on top of a skateboard.", "The sneakers have lodged many miles on the skateboard."]
["A close up of the man holding a large knife against an animal.", "a close up of a persons hand holding a large knife", "A black and white photo of a person and a knife.", "A man skinning a sheep with a large sharp knife.", "A hand grasps a knife and holds it against an object."]
["Many different foods on dishes on a table ", "Several plates of food are sitting on the table.", "A variety of fancy looking dishes on square plates, including some sort of coleslaw and some flat bread.", "A white plate topped with a pile of pasta.", "There is some food on a table with plates."]
["A person in black jacket on skis standing on slope.", "A skier looking at the camera while standing on the snow.", "A person on skis looking back as they stand on a slope.", "a person standing on skis on a snow covered slope.", "A girl on skis with a snowy background"]
["A guy standing next to a skateboard on a hillside.", "A man in a striped shirt posing with a skateboard.", "A man is standing with one foot on a skateboard.", "A MAN ON A SKATE BOARD SMILING WITH SHADES", "A man stands on his skateboard and gets his picture taken."]
["Several root vegetables, garlic, ginger and chicken broth.", "a counter top with some vegetables on it ", "some carrots potatoes garlic an onion and some chicken broth", "Picture of various vegetables on counter with knife nearby", "Pairs of vegetables sitting on top of a red cutting board. "]
["A cutting board with an assortment of vegetables ", "Some vegetables are on a wooden table and stuff.", "A table that is filled with with a bunch of vegetables.", "A wooden table with various vegetables and white bowl.", "fresh broccoli, carrots, onions, and celery laying on a counter top next to a bowl."]
["a bunch of skiers move along the top of a snowy mountain", "a group of people standing around the front of a building on topof a snowy hill ", "The information center for a snow boarding park.", "A group of people stand on skis on a snowy hill.", "People at the ski slope getting ready to ski"]
["A man standing next to a woman as they both eat hot dogs.", "Two people eating hot dogs on a busy sidewalk.", "Two people eating hotdogs while they stand in the street", "Two people enjoying hot dogs and soda pop.", "A man and his wife eat street foo din a city"]
["Plate of 3 hotdogs covered in onions next to a mug of chocolate milk", "Hotdogs in buns smothered in onions with an iced milk coffee", "A plate of hot dogs and a cup of drink.", "A plate with three chili dogs covered in onions.", "A plate that has three hot dogs covered in onions on it."]
["A group of sausages that are sitting on a cooker.", "Cheeseburger flavor hot dogs are on sale in the store. ", "Hot dogs and cheeseburger links rotating on a warmer.", "A hot dog rolling machine with hot dogs and sausages.", "A very close look of a griddle with some hot dogs on it. "]
["Two snowboarders are standing with one foot strapped into their boards and one foot out, at the top of a mountain. ", "A couple of people on snowboards in the snow.", "A group of men are on top of a snowy mountain.", "Three snowboarders at the top of a hill putting on their snowboards.", "Group of snow boarders on top of a mountain."]
["a person with their mouth open holding a piece of bread up to it", "A man holding a piece of food in his left hand.", "A man eating a hotdog putting a large piece in his mouth.", "The man is eating his sandwich outside. ", "A man brings a small sandwich to his open mouth. "]
["A man holding a pan filled with hot dogs in buns. ", "a person walking with a tray of hot dogs", "A man carrying a try full on hot dogs outside. ", "A man is serving grilled hot dogs in buns. ", "Old man in a field holding tray of hotdogs."]
["A hot dog, with pickle and tomato topping, sits on a plate.", "A hot dog sitting on a plate and in a bun with other food items", "a hot dog covered with pickles and tomatoes", "A hotdog with pickle and tomato slices in a bun on a paper plate.  ", "A hotdog with tomatoes and pickles is on a paper plate."]
["some different foods are lon a plate next to a mug", "A breakfast with a cup of coffee on the table.", "A meal of rice, eggs, and hot dog with a cup of coffee.", "A plate holds rice and eggs while next to a coffee cup.", "a black plate with rice eggs and a hot dog and a drink"]
["Two people, one on skis and one on a snowboard are standing in snow.", "A pair of snow skis and a snowboard in the snow.", "A view of people's feet and equipment as they prepare for winter sports in the snow.", "a snowboarder and a snow skiers legs and snow", "A man riding a snowboard next to a person in skis."]
["A man riding a snowboard over a snow covered slope.", "There are snowboarders and skiers on a slope", "Skiers and snowboarders on a snowy slope near a ski lift.", "a person riding a snow board on a snowy slope", "a man in a red jacket going down the hill on a snowboard"]
["A man and a boy standing next to each other.", "a boy and a man standing together with some snowboards ", "A father and son posing for a picture with their snowboards.", "a man and a boy holding snowboards in the snow", "A man and a boy standing in the snow with their snowboards."]
["A group of people sitting at a table in a room.", "A woman and her children eating in a restaurant.", "A woman sitting at a table with two children.", "A family eats chili dogs in a restaurant.", "a mom and her two children eating a meal"]
["a sandwich with grilled meat covered by salad greens", "Meat and herbs on open face sandwich on white plate.\n", "Small sandwich with vegetables on a white plate together. ", "A sandwich with two meats and a green vegetable", "A sandwich on a plate with pulled pork and barbeque with cilantro leaves on top. "]
["A close up of a grill loaded with burgers and hot dogs.", "Hamburgers and hot dogs are on the grill outside.", "A BBQ topped with burgers and hot dogs.", "There hot dogs and burgers cooking on the grill.", "The grill has hot dogs and hamburgers on it."]
["A man flying through the air while riding a snowboard.", "Snow boarder doing jump in front of snow, trees and houses.", "A person in the snow using a snowboard.", "A snowboarder dressed in light grey an doing an aerial trick", "A person with a snow board high in the air."]
["A person in a coat and goggles carrying a snowboard.", "A man holding onto a snowboard while wearing snow glasses.", "A bundled up man is holding his snowboard.", "A snowboarder holding his snowboard standing with other snowboarders.", "A snowboarder all decked out in safety gear."]
["A plate with some food on it next to some condiments.", "A plate topped with three donuts next to a cup of coffee.", "A plate of half eaten donuts are sitting on the plate.", "The doughnuts and coffee are on the table.", "a dunkin donuts cup and doughnuts with cream cheese"]
["A few donuts with icing on a wire rack.", " a group of glazed donuts drying on a metal rack", "The chocolate donuts are sitting on a cooling rack.", "Fresh, tasty caramel doughnuts right out of the oven.", "A baking rack with donuts drizzled with caramel icing.  "]
["A snowboarder looks at the camera while on the slopes.", "A snowboarder descending a snow-packed slope on a wintry day.", "A man riding a snowboard on top of a snow covered slope.", "A young person who is having fun  riding a snowboard.", "A person poses on his or her snowboard."]
["A set of three boxes of donuts sitting next to each other on a table.", "A person grabbing a pastry from a box and holding a plate.", "On a table full of pastries a donut filled with birthday candles is being taken.", "A man sampling donuts and ice creams for a birthday party", "At the birthday party there are plenty of snacks. "]
["A foam container filled with a hot dog and a piece of water melon.", "a meal tray with a hot dog, cornbread and watermelon", "A Styrofoam container contains a hotdog, corn bread and a water melon slice.", "A hot dog, cake slice and watermelon slice in a Styrofoam box. ", "That is not exactly the world's most healthy meal."]
["A woman licking donuts in a box of donuts.", "A lady sticking her face down into a box with food.", "A woman leaning really far in to smell some donuts. ", "A woman is getting ready to dive in to some donuts while two guys watch. ", "An old woman is smelling a box of donuts. "]
["Elderly woman looking over boxed pastry items at outdoor venue.", "A woman checking out a cardboard box of doughnuts and pastries", "The woman is looking closely at the selection of doughnuts on the outdoor buffet table.", "a lady that has a big box of doughnuts", "a person near an open box of doughnuts"]
["A silver vat of donuts cooking in oil", "this is a bunch of oil with donuts frying in it", "a fryer that has a bunch of doughnuts in it", "Two batches of donuts frying in a commercial kitchen.", "in this picture you can see how donuts are made"]
["A man eating a hot dog on top of a plate.", "A man in a bandana eating a hot dog.", "He is stuffing the hot dog and bun into his mouth.", "A photo of a young man that is eating a hot dog..", "A man with a shirt tied around his head eats a hot dog."]
["a person with a snow board sit on some snow ", "A female snowboarder resting on a snowy slope", "A person sitting in the snow with a snowboard on their feet near some trees.", "There is a female skier that is sitting in the snow", "oops a snow boarder slipped fell on the snow"]
["A man passed out on a table next to boxes of donuts", "Young people eat donuts with computers in the background.", "Office workers have fun with donuts and sprinkles.", "A table full of donuts with people and computers in the background", "a group of people enjoying donuts in a class room"]
[" boy is looking at soetihni or someon at the park with shades on ", "A LITTLE BOY IN HIS SNOWSUIT IS PLAYING IN THE SNOW", "A boy in sunglasses sitting in the snow ", "a small child wearing winter clothes is on a snowboard.", "a child riding a snow board on a snowy surface"]
["A couple of different doughnuts in a box ", "There are four donuts in a box, and some are cake donuts and a doughnut with nuts and coconut on top.", "A box of glazed doughnuts on a table.", "Three donuts with toppings on them sitting inside a box. ", "A box that is filled with different kinds of doughnuts."]
["A young a boy eating a chocolate sprinkled covered donut.", "A little child is eating a chocolate donut.", "A young boy eating a chocolate crunch donut.", "A boy eating a chocolate donut with sprinkles.", "A boy eating a doughnut with frosting and sprinkles."]
["A man and a woman hold a large tray of doughnuts.", "A man and a woman holding a rack of doughnuts.", "A man and woman holding a tray of donuts.", "Man and woman holding a rack full of donuts. ", "Two people holding up a large tray of doughnuts"]
["A sign labeling donuts in a bakery with donuts", "It is an image of an outside space.\n", "A bunch of doughnuts that are on a tray.", "freshly baked donuts priced to sell at 60cents each", "some sugar donuts on a blue tray and a sign"]
["A close up image of a variety of donuts. ", "A  box filled with a variety of donuts to eat.", "A box of different types and flavors of donuts.", "There are a variety of doughnuts in a box.", "A box of donuts of various flavors and shapes."]
["A man prepares to bite into his sandwich.", "A person that is eating some food on a plate.", "Man in a cafe about to eat a double decker sandwich", "A man sits down to eat a large sandwich.", "A man wearing a brown shirt holds a sandwich."]
["there are many people inn the beach playing volley ball", "A group of men play beach volleyball, and one player is about to hit the ball.", "some males on some sand are playing volleyball", "A few guys playing beach volleyball in the sand.", "Men are playing volleyball on the sandy beach."]
["a person holding a surf board on a beach ", "several people at the beach surfing and playing in the water.", "A man is carrying a surfboard on a beach.", "A man that is holding a surfboard standing in the sand.", "A collection of people standing in a beach area."]
["a close up of bread a plate of asparagus on a wooden surface", "A table with buttered bread next to a plate with asparagus and lemon zest.", "Several chunks of breat on a cutting board and a plate with a lemon, some vegetables and a grater on it.", "The meal looks like it is not complete.", "some bread cut up by a plate with some asparagus on it "]
["A teenaged boy poses on the beach with his surfboard.", "A man poses with a surfboard on a beach,", "a man is standing next to a surfboard outside", "a man stands on a beach with a surf board ", "a guy on a beach holding a surf board."]
["Three men stand in a row with their surfboards", "Three men are standing on the beach with surf boards.", "Three men with surfboards standing on the beach.", "Three men standing in bathing suits holding surf boards", "Three men in bathing suits, standing on the beach holding surfboards."]
["A guy and a girl holding surf boards on a beach.", "two people standing on the beach with their surf boards close together ", "A man and woman putting their surfboards together ", "two people holding surfboards in the beach sand in front of the beach", "A man and a woman standing their surf boards next to each other at the beach."]
["A couple of men holding white surfboards on top of a beach.", "Two surfers are carrying their surf boards into the water.", "Two men with paddle board style surf boards walking into the water from the sand and two young children on the shoreline.", "Two men with surfboards and two small children at the beach.", "Two little kids are playing next to two surfers."]
["Sandwich, iced drink, and a pair of glasses sitting next to each other. ", "A sandwich, milk tea, and a pair of sunglasses. ", "A sandwich and iced coffee siting on a napping with sunglasses.", "A sandwich and a drink with a pair of glasses on the table. ", "A sub sandwich and cup of ice coffee."]
["a guy holding a fork sitting in front of his birthday cake", "Man sitting at table with chocolate iced cake in residence.", "Man holding a fork over a chocolate cake.", "A man is about to take a bite of the chocolate cake. ", "A man with a fork stares at the camera with a birthday cake in front of him."]
["A group of young men playing a game of baseball.", "A group of boys playing in a field at night", "a group of people playing a game of frisbe ", "Five people are running and playing soccer on an open field.", "A group of soccer players compete for the ball. "]
["A bundt cake pan filled with a batter ", "A soupy substance in a bowl on a counter.", "A view of a cake tray with residue on the bottom.", "Stew in the bottom of a bunt cake pan. ", "some cake batter sitting in a bundt cake pan"]
["A surfer clings to his surfboard beneath a large wave.", "A person on a surf board by a big wave.", "a person that is surfboarding on some water", "A surfer holding their board in the middle of a wave", "A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard."]
["a nice sandwich and a nice salad onn a plate", "A plate with a eaten sandwich and a salad.  ", "A plate with a sandwich, salid and fork", "A plate of food with a half eaten sandwich and a salad.", "There is a salad and bread on a plate."]
["some sauce is being stirred in a bowl", "Creamy golden batter being stirred by a spatula.", "a bowl a quacomale with a wooden spoon burried down into it", "Pot full of yellow melted cheese with spoon in it", "A spoon that is in a black bowl."]
["A man and a woman sitting in a booth having milk shakes and cake.", "A man and woman sitting at a table with food", "Man and woman posing at table with cheesecake and drinks.", "A male and female eat dessert in a restaurant. ", "A happy couple enjoying some pie and milkshakes."]
["A group of people eating outside of a bakery window.", "A group of people looking into a store window.", "Some people are standing outside of a shop looking in the window.", "Several people standing outside of a store looking in a glass window. ", "A group of people standing in front of a building."]
["A girl with her hands up with excitement as a woman brings a cake.", "A baby with hands in the air as her birthday cake comes out.", "A woman holding a cake is looking at an excited child in a high chair. ", "A young child with her arms in the air as a woman holding a cake stands nearby.", "A woman holds a cake in front of a baby in a high chair. "]
["A little girl sitting in front of a cake with lit candles.", "A young girl who is looking at a birthday cake.", "A young girl glares at a cake with two candles.", "A girl is looking at her birthday cake", "a close up of a child at a table with a cake"]
["A couple of little girls sitting at a table with a cake.", "The little girls are at the table decorating the cake. ", "Two sisters watch as their kids decorate a cake", "two girls frosting a cake on a dining room table", "Daughters frosting a cake in their dining room while Moms get water"]
["Two little girls are helping to decorate a cake.", "Two female toddlers spreading icing on a cake.", "Two young girls frosting a cake on table.", "Two children at a table eating dessert from a tray.", "Two little girls decorating a cake on a table."]
["A woman and child stand next to a table with cake on it.", "A lady, standing near the table with a baby, is posing for the camera. ", "A woman stands beside a baby in a high chair; a table is set with a birthday cake and champagne. ", "A woman setting up her house for a party.", "a person standing next to a child in a booster seat"]
["A person that is holding  a surfboard in their hands.", "A man walking along the edge of the water with a surfboard.", "a guy walking along the beach with a surf board", "A surfer walks along the shore with board in tow.", "A man in a full body wetsuit carrying a surfboard under his arm and walking carefoot on the beach."]
["A man holding white surf board on the beach", "A man smiles while holding up a white surfboard.", "This man is holding a white surfboard.while standing in the sand.", "A man smiles holding a surf board on the beach.", "A man holding a surfboard while standing on a beach."]
["A young girl holding a sandwich at a table.", "A little girl taking a bite out a a giant burger.", "A young girl holding a giant sandwich with both of her hands.", "a little girl with a great big sandwich", "a little girl is eating a burger outside"]
["A white plate with a cut in half sandwich on top of it.", "Lunch, toasted bread sandwich on white plate, dim lighting.", "The toasted sandwich was cut into two halves.", "A meal including a sandwich, buttered bread, and a glass of water.", "There is a sandwich with coleslaw on this plate"]
["A woman sharing a smile while looking at a cake.", "A young man sits at a table waiting for some birthday cake", "The two women admire the cake on the table.", "A woman seated and another standing with a cake and soda on the table", "A couple of women sitting and standing in front of a cake."]
["a man biting into a sandwich while seated at an outdoor table.", "Man hold up deli sandwich along with condiment and drink.", "a man takes a bite out of a large sandwich", "A man takes a bit out of a submarine sandwich. ", "The man is eagerly biting into a large sandwich."]
["A group of children standing around a candle filled cake.", "A bunch of kids that are sitting in front of a cake.", "A group of children waiting to cut the birthday cake.", "A trio of little kids in front of a birthday cake", "children at a little boys birthday party sitting in front of the cake"]
["A family posing on the beech for a photo.", "A big family pose for a picture with a surfboard", "A group of people pose while standing on the beach.", "A group of kids and teens is gathered at a beach.", "This is a group picture of children and adults."]
["The boy is on his surfboard in the water riding it.", "a young boy riding a boogie board in the water ", "A boy riding surf board in the ocean.", "A young boy is riding a surfboard on a small wave.", "A young boy is surfing in the ocean."]
["A women who is on a surfboard riding a wave.", "A surfer contorts on her board near a pier", "A person is surfboarding on a wave in the ocean.", "Surfers catch waves in the ocean near a pier.", "A person wearing a wetsuit riding a wave in the ocean"]
["Boy on surfboard on a wave in the ocean. ", "A surfer struggles to stay on a board in an almost vertical position.", "A woman riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.", "girl out in the water riding a wave on a surfboard ", "A surfer tilts her board straight up at the top of a wave"]
["A woman checking out her surfboard at the beach.", "A woman waxing her surf board at the beach.", "A female surfer wiping down her surfboard on the sand", "a pro female surfer works on her surfboard beachside", "A women who is looking at her surfboard on a beach."]
["A sandwich cut in half and onion rings arranged on a plate.", "A plate with a sandwich cut in half and onion rings.", "Plated amazing dagwood sandwich with fried onion rings ", "A plate filled with a sandwich cut in half and onion rings.", "This is an image of a sandwich and onion rings."]
["A person surfing on a surf board on some waves", "a surfer with a yellow shirt riding a wave", "A person is surfing a wave on a surfboard. ", "A surfer makes a sharp turn at the top of a wave.", "Young surfer quite vertical on an incoming wave"]
["a girl talking to two older woman with their surfboards ", "a person holding a surf board and standing in a group of other people", "There is a young girl standing besides a female surfer", "A woman holding surfboard with a little girl on one side and man with a camera on the other side of her.", "PEOPLE ON THE BEACH ONE HOLDING A SURF BOARD"]
["A crab cake on a bun with lettuce and tomato and a side of cole slaw.", "An oval white dinner plate has a crispy chicken or fish sandwich with tomato and lettuce, and a side of coleslaw.", "A plate of some food on a table.", "A plate of food with a burger and coleslaw.", "Cole slaw, burger with tomato and lettuce and condiments arranged on a white plate with green stripes."]
["A lone surfer riding a very nice wave.", "A surfer is trying to ride the giant waves. ", "A person on a surfboard in the water.", "Person surfing with ocean and waves in sunlight", "A surfer crouches on the board while riding the crest of a wave. "]
["there is a young boy eating a piece of cake", "A child sitting at a table putting a spoon in to a bowl.", "child finishing eating with their dish and spoon", "a close up of a child at a table eating", "A young child eating food with a plastic spoon."]
["A Siamese cat taking a nap on a flowery bed with pillow.", "A siamese cat is curled up with it's head on a pillow.", "A cat sleeps on a bed with a pillow. ", "A small dog sleeping on the pillow on a bed.", "A cat curled up sleeping on a bed."]
["Two people sitting at a table with the desserts and a sparkler.", "A couple of women sitting in front of a piece of chocolate cake.", "A man and woman are sitting at a table with a piece of cake.", "A man and woman that are sitting around a table.", "a couple of people that are looking at a cake"]
["An apple computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "a monitor on a night stand and a keyboard and mouse on  a bed", "An old computer monitor on a night stand with the keyboard and mouse on the bed.", "The computer is set up on a night stand next to a bed.", "a dresser top with a computer on top of it "]
["A man sitting at a table with a cup of coffee and a birthday cake with lit candles.", "A man siting at a table near a can", "A man with bulging eyes sitting by a cake", "A man looks surprised at the birthday cake in front of him.", "A man looks bewildered in front of a birthday cake."]
["someone lighting candles on a birth cake for a child.", "Someone lighting the candles on a little girls birthday cake.", "A child who is standing in front of a birthday cake while the candles are being lit.", "Two adults and a young girl are looking at a birthday cake.", "A group of people sitting around a large white cake."]
["A man standing between two adorable little girls and tow birthday cakes.", "an image of two girls with birthday cakes", "Employees light candles on cakes for little girls on inflatable thrones.", "a person cutting  a cake next to a child.", "Two kids sit in front of each of their cakes."]
["A newly married couple cutting their wedding cake.", "a bride and groom are cutting a white cake", "A newly married couple cutting a triple layer cake.", "A bride and groom cutting their wedding cake.", "A married couple in a spotlight with a wedding cake. "]
["there are three girls sitting in floats in the ocean", "Kids swimming and surfing in shallow water on a beach.", "three people with floaters play in a body of water ", "People sitting on beach waves with cloudy sky", "A couple of youngsters are playing in the water. "]
["Three little girls sitting at a table eating food.", "Three young girls eat cake at a table.", "A group of young ladies sitting in front of a table.", "Three girls sitting next to each other eating cake at some meeting.", "Three little girls eating cake in front of a green background."]
["A group of children eat cake with adults standing in the background.", "Three girls eating cake with group of people in the background.", "Three young girls are eating cake at a table.", "A group of young children sitting at a table eating cake.", "children eating cake before a green table clothed table."]
["Three men are standing on a beach in front of their surfboards. ", "Three surfers pose for a photo with their boards.", "Three men standing by surf boards on a beach.", "Three men are standing with surfboards in the sand.", "A group of three men standing in front of surfboards."]
["A bed sitting in a bedroom between two lamps on tables.", "A hotel bedroom with a bed on a wooden bed frame", "A bedroom area with bed, window and two nightstands.", "A hotel room with a bed, telephone and lamps. ", "Large bed with beige pillows and sheets and brown drawn curtains."]
["A plate filled with dessert sitting next to a small Christmas tree.", "Fruit cake sliced and served at a Christmas party", "Servings of food near a Christmas center piece.  ", "A platter of fruit cake on a decorated table.", "A plate of cookies is next to a holiday decoration."]
["a female wearing black a sink and a bed", "A woman sitting on a bed holding her hands over her eyes.", "A girl covers her face with her hands on a bed. ", "A woman sitting on a bed with her hands over her eyes. ", "A woman sitting on her bed crying and covering her eyes."]
["Two birthday decorated birthday cakes sitting on a table.", "Two white frosted birthday cakes on a picnic table", "A table that has two different birthday cakes on it. ", "Two birthday cakes, one decorated with race cars, the other decorated with soccer balls.", "A table with two birthday cakes with different decorations. "]
["A women and three kids laying on a bed.", "A woman laying in bed with a bunch of small children.", "A bunch of kids reading a story on the bed with their mother. ", "a woman and three small children lie together on a bed as they look at picture books", "Three children and one adult are lying on a bed reading."]
["a lady and three kids laying on a bed and reading.", "Three kids and an adult are reading on the bed.", "Three kids and their mom sitting on a bed reading magazines.", "A woman and several children lay on a bed reading books.", "an adult with three children laying in a bed "]
["A woman sitting down with a child sharing a piece of cake.", "A mother feeding dinner to her young daughter.", "a woman and child are eating some melting ice cream ", "a woman sitting at a table with a little girl eating ice cream and cake ", "Older women with young girl sit at a table eating cake and ice cream.\n"]
["A group of children standing around a table together.", "Four children are sitting at a table eating desserts.", "A group of kids that are sitting around a table.", "Four small children that are enjoying a small snack. ", "Four young children eat cake off of disposable plates around a low plastic table on a porch."]
["A group of children sitting at a table eating pieces of cake.", "Four kids sit at a table eating a desert.", "Four children sitting at a table eating cake off blue plates.", "Four children eating cake off of blue plates", "Young children enjoying cake on blue plates together."]
["A woman sitting on a surfboard at the edge of the water.", "a person riding a surf board on a wave", "A girl riding a boogie board on a wave in the water.", "Woman kneeling on surf board about to be overwhelmed by a wave.", "A woman riding on a surfboard in the open water."]
["baby in pajama's sitting on the bed playing with an object", "The baby is smiling as she sits on the bed.", "A baby in floral pajamas sitting on bed with four pillows.", "A small baby in sleepwear sitting on a bed", "A young girl who is sitting on a bed."]
["A little girl that is laying down in a bed.", "The little girl whose name is Violet, is fast asleep in her bed ", "A child sleeping in a small bed in a room.", "a child laying in bed sleeping with a chair near by", "girl sleeping on her side in a crib"]
["Two young girls sit and face each other on a bed.", "Two little girls sitting on a bed playing.", "Two pretty little girls laying in bed next to each together.", "Two little girls sitting on a bed playing with a doll.", "Two blonde little girls sitting on a bed"]
["The two little girls are snuggling under the covers in their parents' bed.", "Two children laying in bed underneath the covers.", "Two young girls laying in bed under a blanket.", "Two young girls lay in a large bed.", "two girls lying in bed under the covers"]
["Three people in the water together with surfboards.", "Three surfers talking to each other in the ocean", "People laying on surf boards in the ocean.", "The three friends are on their surfboards talking. ", "Some people with surf boards near each other in the water."]
["A man on a surf board riding a small wave in the ocean.", "A person on a surfboard rides on the water.", "Male surfer on a red and blue surf board.", "A man uses a surfboard to glide over water. ", "The man is surfing on his board in the ocean."]
["A young man riding a surf board on a very small wave.", "a man is riding a board on the water", "A man on a surfboard riding a wave.", "A man happily water skiing along calm water.", "a man on wake board enjoys the waves "]
["A girl standing up cautiously on her surfboard.", "Girl learning to surf on a board in the ocean", "A woman with brown hair surfing on a small wave ", "A woman trying to stand up on a surfboard in the ocean.", "A woman on a surfboard riding a very small wave."]
["A cake with an American flag motif in the layers.", "A cake designed to resemble the united states flag", "A cake designed to look like an American flag.", "A partially eaten patriotic cake of red, white, and blue displayed on a cake stand. ", "A fourth of a cake sitting on top of a cake plate."]
["a big bed sits inside of a room", "a close up of a bed with a canopy", "a white bed in the middle of a home room", "The canopy bed has pillows arranged on the mattress. ", "A bed that has a canopy over it."]
["A man that is on a surfboard in the water.", "The man is surfing on the water on the waves. ", "A surfer is riding on a wave in the ocean.", "A person surfing rough whitecaps in choppy water off a rocky coast.", "A surfer riding waves in the middle of the ocean."]
["a child standing in front of a chocolate cake sitting on a wooden table.", "A young girl standing in front of a birthday cake. ", "A girl excited about a cake at her table.", "The little girl is waiting to try a piece of cake. ", "A young girl smiles brightly over a chocolate birthday cake."]
["A kids birthday cake siting on a table.", "Children gather for a birthday party with a Hello Kitty cake and prepare to blow the candles out", "A birthday cake with lit candles for a young child.", "Kids are gathered around a table where a cake is lit with a taper candle and two votive candles.", "Children gathered around a Hello Kitty themed birthday cake."]
["A person riding the waves on surf board.", "two or more surfers in the water riding the waves", "tHERE ARE A FEW SURFERS RIDING THIS SMALL WAVE", "A man on a surfboard in the water.", "Some people in the water and one standing on a surfboard."]
["A person riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "a man that is surfing on some water", "People are surfing on waves close to rocks", "a person riding a large wave on a surfboard", "Surfers are riding a wave near some very big rocks."]
["a bunch of people standing in front of some pizzas ", "Many pizzas in boxes sit on tables at an event.", "A group of people under a tent with multiple boxes of pizza.", "two long tables lined with pizzas in boxes underneath a tent", "A crowd of people standing around a table with pizza on it."]
["A man on a surfboard riding a wave in swimming trunks. ", "a man that is on a surfboard in some water", "A person on a surfboard in the water.", "a surfer rides his surfboard along a wave crashing behind him", "A man riding a surfboard on top of a wave."]
["A shirtless man on a surfboard riding a wave", "A man flying through the air while riding a surfboard.", "The surfer is taking air while surfing a wave.", "The surfer is holding his board near the surf.", "a person sitting on the edge of body of water with a surfboard "]
["A group of cats sleeping on top of a white mattress.", "Three cats lie on a bed with the comforter pulled back to reveal no sheets.", "Three cats laying on a bed with sheets half removed.", "Tired cats snooze on an un covered mattress ", "Three cats that are sleeping on a bed."]
["Two litle girls laying in a bed with beige sheets.", "Two children in bed playing instead of sleeping.", "a close up of two children in a bed", "Young children in a bed surrounded by toys", "Two kids are on the bed with some pillows and a blanket."]
["A plate that has a piece of pizza and a fork.", "A white plate topped with a slice of pizza.", "A slice of slightly eaten homemade pizza on a plate.", "Slice of gooey deep dish pizza on a plate.", "This is a picture of the most delicious slice of pizza in the world."]
["A slice of deep dish pizza sitting on a  white plate.", "a big plate of food with a fork on it", "A piece of pizza is on a plate with a fork.", "A slice of vegetable pie topped with tomato sauce on a plate with a fork.", "A parmesan covered Italian dish is shown close-up."]
["a bunch of computers  on a desk with a phone", "a desk with two laptops a keyboard and a monitor", "A desk with two laptops, a computer monitor and a telephone.", "a desk with two lap tops and a desk top computer", "a desk and chair with a computer and two laptops a mouse and a glass"]
["A bunch of pizzas that are sitting on a counter.", "The buffet features several different types of pizza.", "A selection of pizzas sitting under a heat lamp. ", "A food stand with pizza and pasta ", "A warmer with several pizzas under it and plates and boxes stacked above, under a sign that says \"Pizza and Pasta\"."]
["A dinner table with salad, pizza and wine on it", "table with plates of food including salad and pizza", "A pizza sitting on a table next to a salad, utensils and condiments along with a glass of wine.", "A display of pizza and salad on a tablecloth.", "A meal consisting of pizza and salad is shown."]
["A bare-chested man on turbulent ocean waves surfing", "A person on a surfboard in the water.", "A shirtless man on white surfboard next to a wave.", "man on surf board riding the blue waves", "a person riding a surf board in a wave"]
["A man riding a surfboard on top of a blue wave.", "A man rides a surfboard on a large wave.", "a guy on the water surfing down a wave ", "A bare-chested man surfing on the ocean waters ", "A person on a surfboard riding a wave."]
["A baby boy standing inside of a wooden crib.", "a small boy in his pajamas is standing in his brown crib", "A child in pajamas standing up in a crib.", "A blonde baby boy in a wooden crib. ", "There is a baby boy standing in a  crib"]
["A little boy eats pizza beside the water in a restaurant on board a ship.", "A child eats pizza while on board a ship. ", "The young child is eating a plate of pizza in the restaurant. ", "Young chikd eating pizza while on nice cruise", "a small boy is eating at a blue table"]
["a little in a pink shirt and khaki skirt playing tennis ", "A young girl playing with her friend in a game of tennis.", "A girl is hitting a ball with a tennis racket", "A small girl in action on a court with a racket.", "Young female child playing tennis on outdoor court."]
["Two girls and a boy eating food and laughing.", "Childre are eating food on plastic plates with a fork.", "Three children eating pizza at a purple table.", "A group of three children sitting at a table eating food off of a plate.", "Three children eating pizza with adults behind them."]
["A woman holding a tennis racquetball in a blue shirt.", "a woman in blue is holding a tennis racket", "Female tennis player in blue dress awaits a serve", "A woman prepares to react during a tennis game.", "The woman is playing tennis on the court "]
["A person on a court with a tennis racket.", "A man standing on a tennis court holding a tennis racquet.", "A boy holding a tennis racket on a tennis court during the day.", "a person in a white shirt standing on a tennis court", "A man holding up his tennis racket ."]
["A little girl laying on top of a bed on her stomach.", "A girl wearing a hat sitting on her bed. ", "A young girl sitting in her bed and smiling at someone.", "The young girl with the rainbow hat is sitting up in her bed. ", "A little in a hat sits on a bed."]
["Two rectangular slices of pizza with multiple toppings.", "A couple of french bread pizzas sitting on a pan.", "The french bread pizza just came out of the oven. ", "A square pizza cut i half and toasted.", "Two toasted pizza looking food items with greens."]
["A couch and television in a small room.", "A living room resplendent in overstuffed leather furniture has a wide screened TV.", "Living room decor with couch, love seat, recliner, and TV.", "A living room with large windows, a TV, and couches.", "A living room filled with lots of brown furniture."]
["A child stops after taking a bite of a slice of pizza.", "A toddler enjoying his first bite of pizza", "Little guy puts his hands to his face in front of pizza slice", "A small boy has a plate of pizza and a drink.", "A young boy eating a slice of pizza."]
["Two smiling men posing with a tasty looking pizza.", "a man holding a fully topped pizza in front of the camera", "A man standing next to another man with a sliced pizza.", "A hot pizza has just come out of the oven.", "A couple of men standing next to a pizza on top of a wooden spatula."]
["Some young children are lined up by a tennis net.", "A line of children on one side of a tennis net with a coach on the other side.", "A tennis coach coaching on a tennis court for younger children. ", "a man instructing five children how to play tennis", "Children are listening to an instructor giving a tennis lesson. "]
["Three young children holding tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A group of children learning how to play tennis", "Three children dressed in white holding tennis rackets.", "an image of a group of kids on the tennis court playing tennis", "little kids standing around a tennis court holding rackets"]
["A little girl standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A young girl with a tennis racket hides behind another girl with a tennis racket.", "A little girl with a tennis racquet and another kid behind her holding another racquet up over her head.", "A little girl stands on a tennis court holding a tennis racket. ", "A person holding a tennis racket over someone else's head"]
["a computer desk with two laptops and a monitor sitting on top", "A computer room with monitors on and a keyboard and a reading lamp.", "A room is lit from three bright monitors on a desk.", "A computer and two laptops all turned on. ", "A desktop computer on a desk next to a laptop."]
["A couple of men holding tennis racquets on a tennis court.", "Two men playing tennis at a somewhat large facility. ", "Two men playing doubles tennis on a grass court.", "A couple of tennis players during a couples game about to deliver a hit.", "A male tennis players on the court with rackets."]
[" a little girl holding onto a tennis racket with both hands ", "A girl with racket on a tennis court.", "A little girl is at a tennis court holding her racket.", "A little girl that is on a tennis court with a racquet.", "a small girl in a white shirt  is playing tennis"]
["A young man in a black tee holding a racquet", "A man holding a racket with a banner written underneath him.", "A young man holding a tennis racket in his hands.", "A young man is holding a tennis racquet.", "A young man holding a red tennis racquet."]
["a man getting ready to hit a tennis ball with a racket", "A man holding a tennis racket with a ball flying at him.", "A man competing in a tennis match is swinging his racket at a tennis ball. ", "The man is playing a game of tennis on the court. ", "A brown hair man wearing a purple shirt is holding his tennis racket with two hands as he hits it."]
[" a small child holding a tennis racket with two hands", "Girl with tennis racket near yellow plastic tape.", "a kid is holding a tennis racket on a court", "A little girl in a whit suit holding a tennis racket.", "A little girl wearing a white tennis outfit swinging her racket."]
["An adult teaching a small girl how to play tennis.", "A little girl getting ready to hit a tennis ball.", "A little girl is playing with a tennis racquet and balls.", "A little girl is learning how to play tennis.", "A young girl is standing with her tennis racket while a man with his tennis racket has a shopping cart full of tennis balls."]
["Two young girls getting pizza at a child's party.", "One of the two children is eating next to a standing adult. ", "two children at a table with pizza ", "A woman standing next to a child holding a string.", "A small girl that is eating pizza and holding a string, sitting next to another girl with long blonde hair."]
["A kid is standing on a tennis court with a racket.", "A young girl playing tennis at a tennis court. ", "A young girl playing tennis on an indoor court.", "A young girl standing on top of a tennis court holding a racquet.", "a kid holding a racket ready to kick the ball"]
["A group of young children standing next to each other.", "Children tennis players all dressed in their tennis outfits on the court", "For little kids posing with their tennis rackets.", "There are children standing on the tennis court", "Four children with their tennis gear at the tennis court."]
["three little girls and one has a tennis racket", "Three little girls are standing against a wall with a tennis racquet.  ", "Some children are posing in front of a building with a tennis racquet.", "three children standing next to each other in front of a white wall with one of the children holding a tennis racket.", "Three little girls posing in front of a wall for a photo. "]
["BRIGHT RED WALL WITH CLOCK AND THREE CHAIRS", "a clock hanging on a wall above some chairs", "The back row of black chairs in a waiting area are against a bright red wall with a clock on it. ", "A row of black chairs against a red wall with a clock.", "A clock hanging on the wall above chairs."]
["A tennis player lunges on a tennis court.", "A tennis player leaning forward with his racket.", "a man tennis player finishes a swing ", "A tennis player in a white shirt playing tennis on a court.", "A tennis player that is running to get the tennis ball. "]
["Small children are eating from plates of pizza.", "A group of little girls sitting next to each other.", "a few girls are sitting down and eating pizza", "a bunch of kids are at a table eating pizza", "Some very cute small kids eating at a party."]
["A little girl in a white tennis dress holds up a yellow racket.", "A young tennis player poses with her racquet on a green court", "A girl is smiling on a field holding a tennis racket.", "A young girl holding a racket on a tennis court.", "A girl on a field with a tennis racket."]
["A group of girls standing around a table making pizzas.", "A group of girls standing around a table making pizzas.", "A group of young girls gathered at a table making pizzas.", "A group of girls standing around a table getting ready to eat.", "The girls are together at the table making pizza together."]
["A couple of kids playing with a racquet in front of a the camera.", "A couple of girls sitting on a bench with tennis racquets.", "Two kids holding tennis rackets while standing in a garage.", "Two young blonde girls sitting and holding tennis rackets ", "Two little girls and white uniforms holding up tennis rackets. "]
["A little girl is dressed for and ready to play tennis.", "A little girl plays tennis with an adult size racket.", "A young girl holds a tennis racket on a grass court.", "A little girl holding a tennis racket in her hands.", "A young child is holding a tennis racket on the tennis court."]
["Young girl dressed in tennis whites holding tennis racket on grass field.", "A girl is holding a tennis racket on a field.", "A little girl holding a tennis racket on a football field.", "A girl stands with a tennis racket on grass.", "A little girl tennis player is standing with a racket bigger than she is."]
["Two women playing tennis on a tennis court.", "Two ladies are playing a game of tennis while people watch.", "Two young women playing tennis while people watch.", "a couple of people standing on some grass with rackets", "A couple of women are playing tennis on astro turf."]
["a tennis player serving the tennis ball to an opponent ", "A person holding up a ball and tennis racquet while on a court.", "Two men on grass court playing a game of tennis.", "Two people are standing on a tennis court.", "A player prepares to serve the ball on a tennis court."]
["There are people watching other people play table tennis.", "People standing around ping pong tables, some with racquets in  hand.", "People playing table tennis on more than one table indoors.", "A ping pong practice is in action indoors.", "A couple of people that are playing a game."]
["A set of five pizzas sitting next to each other each with different toppings.", "A handful of prepared pizzas sit next to each other.", "Five uncooked pizzas with a variety of different toppings.", "Five unbaked pizzas that include various types of cheeses.", "Five different pizzas are being prepared over a metal tray."]
["A female child putting cheese on poorly made pizzas.", "A young girl preparing two pizzas on the counter.", "a small girl wearing a red shirt is making pizza", "A little girl is adding cheese to homemade pizzas.", "A young girl is making two types of mishaped pizza.", "A girl adding toppings to two pizzas on a tray."]
["A pizza that has been cut into slices.", "A pizza in a pizza box in front of a table full of food.", "A pizza in a box that includes sausage and cheese.", "A pizza box is open to a pizza covered in toppings.", "A close up of an italian sausage pizza."]
["a person giving a child a tennis racket ", "A woman in a red dress hands a boy a tennis racket.", "A woman hands a young child a tennis racket.  ", "A woman and a young boy on a tennis court.", "A woman and a little boy exchanging a tennis racquet"]
["A group of people standing on a tennis court.", "Adults and young children on lawn tennis court.", "two women and two children play on a tennis court", "Two women and two children on an open air tennis court.", "Woman in red dress watching little girl hold up a tennis ball. "]
["A girl holding a racket and a boy behind her holding a tennis ball.", "A young girl grasps a tennis racquet in confusion", "A young girl wearing a orange and white dress holding a tennis racket. ", "A young girl holding a yellow tennis racquet.", "a little girl in an orange and white zig-zag pattern dress holding a tennis raquet with  a boy in the  background"]
["A male tennis player dressed in white making a serve.", "A man swinging a tennis racquet on a court.", "A man is jumping to make a tennis shot.", "The young man is playing a game of tennis.", "A man with a racquet that is standing on a tennis court."]
["A person is holding a tennis racket on a tennis court.", "A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A man on a court swinging a tennis racket.", "A tennis player holding a racket over his head. ", "a tennis player swinging a racket at a ball"]
["A tennis player taking a swing at a ball.", "A tennis player on the court is in position.", "A gentleman dressed in white, swinging to hit a tennis ball.", "A man with a tennis racket on a tennis court.", "A tennis player dressed in white prepares to take a swing."]
["A man that is on a court with a racquet.", "man in white tennis clothes swinging a racket", "A tennis player getting ready to hit the ball.", "A tennis player on an outdoor court in action.", "An athlete's two handed return in a game of tennis."]
["a person wearing a head band and holding a tennis racket", "a woman wearing a wig holding a tennis racket ", "A woman in a green shirt holding a pink tennis racket.", "a woman with a head band holding a tennis racket ", "A woman wearing purple glasses and holding a racquet."]
["A little girl sitting on a plastic elephant toy.", "A little girl holds onto a toothbrush while riding a toy elephant in front of a Christmas tree.", "a young child riding a toy elephant in the living room", "A little girl sitting on top of a toy elephant.", "The baby rides the toy in front of the christmas tree."]
["a desk with a keyboard, monitor and a laptop on the top", "An aerial shot of a vintage desk shows a pair of booties resting under the desk, and on the top of it, a computer, laptop, peripheral equipment, and a few less tidily scattered small items of a non-electronic naturel. l", "a couple of computers are sitting on a desk", "a computer and a laptop sitting powered on on top a desk", "A desk with a monitor, keyboard, laptop, a mouse, speakers and a glass on it. "]
["A little boy is holding a carrot stick.", "A boy standing at a counter while brushing his teeth. ", "A little boy standing at a counter brushing his teeth.", "A child in a striped shirt eating a cheeto.", "A young boy wearing a black and white striped shirt."]
["A woman and little girl are standing in a room", "The woman is standing next to the young girl in the room.", "A woman and girl pose inside of a home", "a woman and child pose in a living room with a pull-out bed, baby crib, and dining table", "A living room with a wooden table next to a kitchen."]
["A small girl plays with a soccer ball in the yard", "A little girl reaching down towards a soccer ball.", "A little girl playing outside with a soccer ball.", "A young girl standing over a soccer ball.", "A small girl reaches down toward a soccer ball. "]
["a little girl playing with a soccer ball ", "The little girl is playing with her soccer ball. ", "A little girl on a soccer field picking up a ball ", "A kid is sitting with a couple of soccer balls", "a little girl is playing with several soccer balls"]
["A group of people standing around a TV", "people playing video game all holding their remote", "Two girls and a boy playing a video game.", "Three children playing a dancing video game in a living room.", "A group of people using a remote to play a game."]
["Children are in the living room playing a video game", "Several children are doing exercises in a living room.", "A group of females is waving their arms.", "A bunch of young girls all have their arms up on a wooden floor.", "Several children and one adult are doing exercises in a living room. "]
["A woman standing with a remote in her hand", "A woman plays with a Nintendo Wii in her living room.", "a woman standing in a living room playing a wii game", "A woman standing in a room with a Wii controller.", "A pretty young blond woman standing on a rug holding a Nintendo Wii controller."]
["a young boy playing video games with her friends ", "A boy with glasses holding a remote in his hand.", "A boy who is playing a video game.", "A man that is sitting down with a remote.", "a close up of a person playing a video game "]
["Two Nintendo Wii game controllers sitting next to each other.", "A closeup of two Nintendo Wii controllers in plastic casing.", "Two video game remotes are standing next to each other.", "These are Wii controls so that two can play and compete.", "Two Nintendo Wii remote controllers that are white with one of them on a stand."]
["A living room with a hard wood floor and a dinning room table nearby.", "a dining room with chairs and a table and a mirror", "A dinning room and entry hall view through arched doorways.", "The inside of a house with a dining room.", "A dining room and living room are connected by an open arch"]
["a child sitting on a couch in a living room.", "a girl sits on a couch inside of a room", "You can barely see the little girl sitting on the couch. ", "a girl sits on the couch in a living room", "A living room filled with furniture and a little girl."]
["WOMAN AND CHILD STANDING IN THE ALL WHITE KITCHEN", "A young girl walking towards an older women.", "a kitchen with two people some chairs and white cabinets", "Two single couches in a apartment living room", "Girl walking towards a woman entering the kitchen."]
["An older man holding a gaming remote control.", "An older man wearing a red sweater holding a white controller standing in a living room.", "An elderly man plays with a Nintendo WII", "A man standing while holding a video game remote control. ", "An elderly man standing and holding a video game controller."]
["A woman and a man holding Nintendo Wii controllers.", "A woman standing up playing wii with a man sitting by her side, also playing ", "A man and woman  sitting on a couch playing video games", "An older couple plays with a Wii in their living room.", "A woman and a man play Wii in their living room."]
["The boy holding the Wii controller has a smile that will light up any room.", "A smiling young boy wearing an orange shirt plays the Wii.", "Young child operating video game remote control from chair.", "a small boy is playing with a remote control", "A child sitting in a chair playing a video game with a remote control."]
["A young lady holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.", "a group of people in a room playing a wii", "Group of people standing in a large room holding controllers. ", "some people standing in a large room while playing a video game with wii motes", "A woman moves her arm playing a video game as others watch. "]
["A small living room is prepared for painting", "a room that has a couch and a chair in it", "The room has white walls with a blue trim", "A red coat hangs over the back of a brown couch across from a grey recliner.", "The lamp is next to the television and a cat in a chair."]
["A man and a woman playing Wii boxing in a living room.", "A couple in a living room mix it up as they play a video boxing game.", "Two people are playing a WII video game.", "Multiple pictures of man and woman playing game with Nintendo Wii controllers.", "A man and a woman are playing video games in the living room. "]
["A little girl stands on one leg as she plays with a remote while another person lounges in the background on a couch.", "A young girl is jumping playing a Wii.", "A rambunctious young girl leaps into the air while holding a toy.", "A little girl in a funny pose while playing the Nintendo Wii.", "a close up of a young child standing playing nintendo wii"]
["A young child is jumping high in the air. ", "A little girl leaps in the air as a man watches from his chair. ", "A little girl jumping into the air in a family sitting room.", "A small child plays a video game while her parent watches.", "A man sits on a couch, in an area crammed with furniture, where two rooms meet, watching a little girl jumping in a larger part of one of the rooms that is basically empty, save for a carpet. "]
["The man is playing video games in the living room", "A man leaps up playing Wii in his living room", "a man playing a Wii and a child pestering her mother", "a man jumping in the air holding a pink wii controll system", "A man jumping into the air in a living room."]
["A person standing in front of another who is sitting on a coach.", "A woman standing in a living room carrying a purse and a Nintendo Wii controller.", "There is a person playing a Nintendo Wii", "A woman is holding a purse and a Wii remote.", "A woman slouching over after paying a game of Wii."]
["a living room filled with assorted baby and kids toys", "A room filled with baby toys and gear.", "A child plays in a living room filled with baby toys.", "A living room with a couch, baby toys and a flat screen television. ", "A living room with baby toys on the floor"]
["Asian man lays back on a black couch holding a Wii controller. ", "A man sitting on a couch holding a Wii remote control.", "A man sitting on a couch playing a game system.", "A man on a couch playing a video game.", "A guy reclined on a love seat holding out his hand."]
["two people standing near one another playing nintendo wii", "A couple of people standing in a room with remotes.", "An older Asian couple dressed in red and blue play Wii in a living area.", "Older couple standing while the woman shows the man how to use the Wii remote", "An older couple is playing together with the Wii. "]
["A tview of a living room with fold out bed.", "A wood themed bedroom with a hunting/sporting theme with an outdoor balcony.", "A sofa bed is pulled out for guests with a deer head staring down at the bed.", "A rustic bedroom with a deer head on the wall.", "a bedroom with a fireplace and a walking glass entrance."]
["A man and a woman using Nintendo Wii controllers.", "A man and woman play an interactive video game.", "Man and woman in a bedroom holding up Wii controllers. ", "Two people play a game on the Wii. ", "A man and a woman playing video games together."]
["A little boy and girl playing with a interactive video game.", "A little girl wearing a skirt next to a boy while holding a game controller.", "Two small children playing a WII video game.", "The boy watches the girl with the remote in the air. ", "Two young children play a video game console. "]
["THE MAN IS PLAYING WITH A WII IN THE LIVING ROOM ", "two people standing in front of a television with one person holding a video game controller", "KIDS PLAYING OR WATCHING SOMETHING ON A COMPUTER SCREEN", "Three guys in a messy room playing video games", "That is using physical motions to play the video game."]
["A guy with a gray sweater and a guy with a blue shirt play video games together.", "two guys playing video game one in grey with a big smile", "two men playing wii in front of cabinets and a clock", "Two men playing a wii game together in a room. ", "Two young men with gaming controllers in their hands."]
["A man a young girl playing video games", "Man and girl standing while playing the same video game.", "A man and girl playing a game with a Nintendo Wii controller.", "A man and a young girl playing Wii", "A man and a small child playing a game on the Wii during a gathering."]
["A desktop computer monitor sitting on top of a desk.", "An apple computer and keyboard on a sleek white desk.", "The program is open on the desktop and ready to be used\n", "A clean and sophisticated desktop with a Mac computer.", "A computer and book sitting on top of a desk in a very pristine office."]
["Several people in a living room sitting on different sides of the room", "A man and two women are sitting in a room.", "people sitting around in a living room in different chairs ", "A couple of women and a man sitting in a den.", "Three adults sitting in a dark living room talking."]
["Closeup of a white computer mouse on a table.", "A small white mouse sitting next to a keyboard.", "a computer mouse next to a computer keyboard on a wooden table.", "An Apple mouse sits on a desk next to a keyboard.", "An apple mouse sitting next to a computer."]
["a living room with a table chairs and a couch", "A living room filled with furniture and tables.", "The dining room is clean and empty of people. ", "A chair sitting near a kitchen table with chairs around it.", "A dinning room with a small table and a window with long curtains."]
["a kitchen table and countertop with backsplash behind it", "A picture of a very nice clean kitchen.", "A kitchen with wooden cabinets and a wooden table.", "A kitchen area with a stovetop, sink, cabinets and wooden table and chairs.", "A kitchen scene with a table and a sink.", "A large open kitchen and dining area with wooden cabinets."]
["A desktop computer monitor sitting on top of a desk next to a red bottle of water.", "There is a metal water bottle on a desk next to a computer", "A computer keyboard next to phone and thermos", "A water bottle sitting near an old computer", "a red metal water bottle sitting next to a computer keyboard"]
["A woman lounging on a beach chair holding two phones.", "A woman reclining in a lawn chair using two cell phones at the same time.", "A woman in a bikini sitting on a lawn chair.", "A woman with two cell phones lounging in a chair. ", "A woman reclining in a swimsuit on a lounge chair holds a cell phone in each hand."]
["A white couch sitting in a living room next to a book shelf.", "Black cat sitting on white couch in a room full of books", "A living room filled with books, a television and a couch.", "The room is full of various kinds of books.", "The living room is full of books on the shelves."]
["A man and a woman walking away from a house after getting married.", "A married couple having seed tossed at them from a person holding a cell phone.", "A bride and groom walking down the steps with rice in the air.", "A couple leaving their wedding ceremony in a shower of rice. ", "A bride and groom walk past wedding guests throwing rice."]
["A well decorated living room with dust covers on some of the furniture. ", "The living room has two large sofas and a fire place.", "A white living room set with large window", "A living room with a couch that has blankets on it.", "A living room with couches, a table, and a fireplace."]
["A colorful kite laying on top of a lush green field.", "A multi colored kite is laying in the grass.", "The blue, purple, green, yellow, orange, and red kite is on the ground.", "There is large kite set on the grass", "a rainbow colored kite is laying on the grass"]
["a number of people on a beach with a kite flying above", "People watch a kite flying high in the air on a beach.", "People on a beach, including someone flying a kite.", "the kite is very far up in the air", "There is a small group of people on the beach flying kites. "]
["A couple of small children standing on top of a sandy beach.", "A couple of kids on a beach with a kite.", "A couple of kids are flying a kite on a beach.", "Two children are playing with a kite on a beach.", "A small boy and girl on the beach and the girl has a kite."]
["A woman and a child flying a kite on top of a beach.", "A couple of people standing on a beach with a kite.", "A woman and a child flying a kite on the beach.", "A woman and child are flying a kite on a beach.", "A woman and kid are flying a kite on the beach.  "]
["A group of people flying kites on top of a beach.", "3 people are flying kites at the beach during the day. ", "The kites are flying high above the shoreline.", "People on a beach by the ocean flying kites.", "A variety of people enjoying a day at the beach."]
["Flowers in a vase on top of a wooden table.", "a kitchen table with a black vase with a lot of flowers in it ", "A kitchen table with a decorative vase with flowers in it next to some candles.", "A open living area with a kitchen, dining and living room area.", "a brown table and chairs and a vase with flowers"]
["a group of stuffed teddy bears in a display case", "A display in a store window filled with teddy bears.", "There are several holiday teddy bears in a shop window.", "a couple of stuffed bears are holding presents", "A Christmas window dressed with holiday teddy bear stuffed animals."]
["A young adult parasurfing over the water in the air. ", "a man surfing very high in strong waves", "a female in the air on a board holding a water device", "A person hold a handle standing on a board.", "View of parasail surfer in mid air, still on his board."]
["a bunch of people are flying kites in a field", "A bunch of people at a park flying big kites", "a large crowd at a park with some flying fancy shaped kites ", "A group of people standing on top of a field.", "Lizard shaped balloons in the air over a crowd of people in the park."]
["A man prepares to launch a large kite. ", "A large group of people holding colorful flags.", "A man flying a kite outside at a festival.", "A crowd of people in a city flying kites.", "People flying flags and kites in a courtyard."]
["Three people standing on a grassy hill flying a kite.", "A young boy is flying a colorful kite near two other people.", "Three people flying a kite in the air during the day.", "a child flying a kite in a green grass field with two other people.", "A young boy flying a kite with two other people watching."]
["A beach scene includes many different kites flying in a cloudy sky.", "Kites being flown at the beach at twilight.", "A beach with flags in the ground and kites overhead in the sky.", "A beach with rows of flags in the sand and kites flying overhead.", "A beach filled with kites and wind sails next to the ocean."]
["The man is flying a kite at the beach.", "a man is flying a kite at the beach", "people are at the beach some playing in water, a man is flying his kite", "A man is flying a kite on a beach.", "A man is flying a kite at the beach."]
["Desktop and laptop computers on a desk with a printer.", "There is a laptop on a desk next to a desktop computer", "A wooden office desk with papers, computer and netbook", "A computer monitor, a laptop and some other electronics sit on a tan, wooden desk.", "A desk is cluttered with a computer, laptop and other assorted items."]
["A person jumping up with a kite in their hands.", "A woman in grey shirt playing with a kite on beach.", "A person jumping up to hold a kite on a beach", "A women on a beach is throwing a toy in the air.", "A woman jumping up to let go of a kite."]
["A little girl using a laptop on a table ", "Look, I am big enough to reach the computer keys.", "A young child plays on a laptop on a table", "Toddler sitting down at a table playing with a laptop computer.", "A young child is pressing the keys on a laptop."]
["Man flying a kite in the crowded park.", "A man flying a kite in a beautiful green park.", "A man is flying a kite in the park. ", "A man flying a kite in a busy park.", "A man is flying a kite at a park."]
["A couple of people at the beach during the day.", "Two people walking along the beach while someone flies a kite in the surf.", "Two people walking along an empty shore line with a kite in the background", "two beachcombers  watch a parachuter land just offshore", "A couple walks along the beach looking at a parasailer in the water. "]
["A person that is is up to bat at a baseball game.", "Two female softball players, one pitching the ball and the other preparing to swing.", "A player in a baseball game is holding a bat.", "a baseball player with a bat on the field ", "A young lady holding a baseball bat on a  baseball field."]
["A man holding a bat while standing near home base.", "A boy with a baseball bat standing at a home plate.", "A bunch of guys play baseball on a sunny day.", "A baseball player getting ready to swing at a pitch in a baseball game.", "A Little League player is getting ready to hit the ball."]
["A baseball player swinging a bat during a baseball game.", "a kid swinging a bat during a baseball game", "A black and white photo of a kids baseball game.", "A black and white photo of a baseball game in action.", "An outdoor baseball diamond and batter with arms and bat outstretched."]
["Many boys sit in a group as a coach swings at a t-ball stand.", "A man holding a baseball bat by a tee with a ball on it.", "A man with a bat in his hand with several people sitting in the grass looking at him. ", "THERE IS A MAN THAT IS PLAYING BASE ABLL ON THE FIELD", "older man getting ready to swing his bat at a ball on a stand in front of a group of viewers"]
["An older man showing a young boy how to hit a ball.", "Man helping a young boy hit a baseball off a tee.", "A man shows a small boy how to hit a tee ball.", "A man helping a child swing at a ball on a 't-ball' stand.", "A coach helps teach a baseball player to hit a ball."]
["A baseball player standing next to home plate.", "a baseball player stands at home plate as the catcher sets up", "An umpire, catcher, and batter surrounding the home plate during a baseball game", "A batter is up to home plate during a game.", "The view of a professional baseball player swinging a bat during a game."]
["The crowd is enjoying the late baseball game.", "A group of baseball players playing a game of baseball.", "A baseball stadium full of fans while two teams play ball. ", "A view of home plate at a baseball game with a batter at the plate", "A man gets ready to bat on a baseball field while fans watch the game."]
["Fathers and children playing sports in a back yard", "two adults and several children playing wicker ball in a fenced in backyard", "Two men and children playing in a fenced area.", "a group of people play in a back yard ", "A very nice looking yard filled with some people."]
["A baseball players stands at home plate, waiting for the next pitch.", "\n\n\na man playing ball with a blue hat on his head and a bat in his hand", "A baseball player in a batting stance with other players watching.", "A baseball player holding a bat getting ready to swing.", "A batter prepares to hit a baseball pitch."]
["Baseball players prepare to react to a pitch. ", "A group of people getting ready for a swing at home plate.", "A group of people play an amateur game of baseball", "The batter gets ready to swing in a school yard baseball game.", "A BATTER, CATCHER, AND UMPIRE NEAR HOME PLATE "]
["Baseball players playing a baseball game on a baseball field", "The batter gets ready to swing in the game.", "Two baseball players in uniforms holding a bat.", "A baeball player is holding a bat at a game", "A man stands at home plate preparing to bat."]
["A batter, catcher and umpire in a baseball game.", "a baseball player holding a baseball bat on a field", "A game of baseball being played in front of a large crowd at a stadium.", "a gentleman in white is ready to kick a ball holding a bat", "an image of a baseball game being played in progress"]
["A baseball player holding  a bat over a base.", "A baseball player swinging a bat at a baseball.", "A batter tries to hit a ball that is pitched to him.", "A batter is preparing to swing at the ball.", "A baseball player with the number \"19\" on his shirt holding a black bat in his hand at a game. "]
["A girl with a colorful shirt on his a tennis racket in her hand.", "The woman in the colorful shirt is holding a tennis racket. ", "A young girl holding a tennis racket playing tennis.", "a young girl is holding a tennis raquet ready to play", "Girl tennis player standing with racquet in hand."]
["A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "a vintage picture of some people playing tennis ", "A tennis player hits a ball in this black and white photo.", "Two male players compete against one another in a vintage tennis game.", "Two men play against each other in a tennis match."]
["Two people playing tennis with a referee and another man watching.", "Two men playing tennis while a judge watches.", "A tennis player leaps to strike the ball in a black and white photo. ", "A man stretches to make a forehand shot at the net in a vintage tennis photograph.", "A black and white picture of two men playing a tennis match with the umpire and spectators look on"]
["A homemade pizza rests on the counter. ", "Fresh cooked pizza displayed on wooden paddle in kitchen.", "A pizza with toppings resting on  a spatula", "A pizza has just been taken out of a pizza oven.", "Someone made a pizza in an old brick oven."]
["A plate topped with a cheesy veggie tostada.", "a plate of a Mexican pizza set on a table", "A plate of spanish food with whipped cream", "White plate with a sliced pizza and sour cream and parsley in the middle.", "A pizza with various vegetables served on a white plate."]
["A group of young men sitting next to each other holding racquets.", "A group of tennis players posing for a photograph.", "A black and white photo of a tennis team.", "A vintage tennis team posing together on the court.", "An old-fashioned photo shows a boy's tennis team."]
["The pizza has thin crust and lots of veggies.", "Crust topped with various foods lies on a cutting board after being sliced into individual servings.  ", "a flatbread pizza with a lot of veggies cut into four slices ", "A pizza cut into four sitting on top of a wooden cutting board.", "There is a Mexican style pizza cut into four pieces."]
["A small infant sitting on someones lap at a table and eating a pizza crust.", "A paper eating a crust of a slice of pizza. ", "This baby is eating a piece of bread.", "A baby in grey jacket eating a piece of pizza crust.", "A small baby eating the back half of some pizza."]
["Many pizza boxes are left mess and without pizza", "A table topped with empty pizza boxes and a few slices of pizza.", "Three boxes of leftover pizza on table with cups.", "Three pizza boxes with little food remaining in each.", "Pizza boxes sitting open and nearly empty next to each other. "]
["A tennis player playing some tennis on the court.", "A woman on a tennis court lifts her dress to expose her NUDE BUTTOCKS!! ", "A woman scratching poop out of her butt crack on a tennis court.", "A female tennis player holding one of her bare butt cheeks.", "A female tennis player with a bare bottom"]
["A man and a kids at a table with pizza.", "A small girl is smiling next to a large pizza.", "A man and baby sitting at a table with pizza.", "A man and a child smiling at a pizza meal in a restaurant", "A man in a striped shirt sits next to a little girl in a booth as a pizza sits in front of them."]
["A tennis player winds up to hit a serve to her opponent.", "This is an aerial view of a tennis match.", "A scene of something that is quite attractive. \n", "A woman that is standing on a blue tennis court.", "a tennis match is being played on a blue court "]
["Two men are making pizzas in a kitchen.", "Two men are making pizza on a table", "Chefs making pizza on a counter with containers of ingredients and meats hanging above them.", "A couple of people making pizzas in a room.", "A couple of cooks making smiley face pancakes in a  kitchen."]
["A white plate that has two small pizzas cut in half and a glass of wine next to it.", "The plate next to the glass has four halves of pizza on it. ", "A plate of pizza is next to a wine glass on a table.", "A wine glass next to a plate of small pizzas.", "A white platter is displaying homemade pizzas with a glass next to it."]
["A guy sitting at a dining table with some tasty looking food.", "A man is eating food at a table", "A man is getting ready to begin eating", "A man seated at a table in a restaurant, with a pizza in front of him that has various toppings.", "A man at a restaurant table getting a slice of pizza. "]
["A clock is on a pole under a set of windows.", "a clock in front of three big windows.", "A clock sitting in the middle of a building.", "the clock is showing thirty-four passed twelve in the station", "A lit clock with several bright windows behind it at night."]
["A clock below a stained glassed window with light coming in.", "A stained glassed window shines over a clock.", "A clock on a wall surrounded by several stained glassed windows.", "The clock is built into a large glass mural.", "A church clock with several stained glass windows around it."]
["A vase with flowers and water in it sitting near blinds. ", "a vase with a plant in it near a window", "A vase full of long stems with round ends.", "Pussy willows tangled with each other in a vase of water.", "Some brown flower pod looking things are in a vase."]
["A partially closed lap top computer sitting on a wooden desk.", "A laptop is partially open on a desk.", "A computer that is on top of a table.", "A laptop sits half closed on a desk", "The laptop sits partially closed on the wooden desk."]
["A class room filled with students sitting in front of computer.", "Adults learning on laptop computers in an Indian class room", "In a classroom in India students do their work on computers", "Many adults are in a classroom with laptops. ", "some people are sitting in front of desks"]
["Two people that are looking at a laptop together. ", "Old man and little girl with a chef hat look at a laptop", "A young girl sitting on an older man's lap in front of a computer.", "An old man is holding a little girl in his lap looking at a lap top", "a little girl and her grandfather looking at something on a laptop "]
["A young woman with her laptop in bed.", "A person sitting in there bed with there laptop . ", "Laptop computer sitting on top of a blanket on a bed.", "A person standing in front of a laptop computer.", "A young person sitting on a bed looking at their laptop."]
["A well lit clock on a building at night", "The clock towers over the rest of the city.", "some fireworks in the air above a clock tower ", "A view of fireworks going off above a clock tower. ", "The sky above a clock tower is very smokey at night."]
["A group of children are playing on mini laptops.", "Four children sitting together using lap top computers.", "a group of small boys are sitting next to each other on their small green laptops ", "A group of children who are using laptops.", "A group of young men sitting in front of laptop computers."]
["Many small stuffed teddy bears have hearts on their feet.", "A bunch of very pretty and brightly colored stuffed animals.", "A group of teddy bears sitting on to of a pile.", "A number of teddy bears with different colors put together", "A bunch of carebears enclosed in a claw machine."]
["Two stuffed animals sitting on top of each other near a wall", "a brown bear with red hat and scarf and a small stuffed bear", "A large and small teddy bear are on the back of a couch. ", "The larger teddy bear has winter gear on.", "A photo of a teddy bear wearing a hat and scarf."]
["A child sitting on a chair with many stuffed animals.", "a kid with a bear and dogs in its lap", "there is a young boy sitting in a chair with stuffed animals", "A boy in a chair with his stuffed animal friends", "A young boy sits in a chair with some stuffed animals."]
["a man sitting down and facing a big window ", "A man sitting down working on a tablet computer. ", "a man that is sitting down looking at a computer", "A man using a laptop at a desk,with a briefcase next to it.", "A lonely worker sits at a table with his tablet."]
["A group of people standing on top of a building near a large clock.", "Four people standing on a balcony with a clock", "People are on a balcony next to a clock.", "A group of people standing next to a clock.", "A man in white shirt leaning over a ledge with a clock."]
["A dinner table with candles and vases of flowers.", "Tea candles and vases with flowers sit on a white table.", "A candle lit table at a restaurant with red flowers in vases. ", "Candles and flowers neatly placed on a table.", "Three flower vases are in the middle of the table."]
["A large potted plant sitting next to three bottles of wine.", "Three bottles of wine are situated beneath the leaves.", "A few bottles of wine next to a faucet in the wall", "Three bottles of wine are stored next to a flower pot.", "Three bottles of beer next to a potted plant."]
["A white plate filled with pasta. and a fork.", "A fork sticking into a plate of pasta, mushrooms and other foods.", "There is a plate of pasta with a fork in it.", "a white plate and some noodles and a fork", "A pasta dish with spinach, cheese, and penne."]
["A woman and a man standing next to a table using a laptop.", "A young man is using a laptop set on the table with a young lady next to him.", "Couple smiling at the camera while on their laptop.", "A man standing in front of an Apple laptop computer with a woman in a short skirt standing next to him and smiling.", "a male and a female in a dress and a laptop"]
["A beautiful blonde haired woman taking a pizza out of an oven.", "Woman pulling out a pepperoni pizza from oven.", "A woman taking a pizza out of an oven.", "A girl handles a hot pizza out the oven.", "This is an image of a woman cooking pizza"]
["A very large building with a tower next to smaller buildings.", "A photo of a large building labeled USA/Rhode Island/Providence.", "an overhead view of a large building ", "A view from the sky of several buildings and streets. ", "A view of a Rhode Island town with a large building at the fore front."]
["A tall clock tower sitting between a couple of buildings.", "A tower on a building being admired by people.", "A clock tower with a dome and a lightening rod on top.", "A tall clock tower beneath a partly cloudy sky.", "a clock is on top of a large building"]
["Man and woman using pay phones at adjacent booths.", "Adults using pay telephones outdoors while standing next to soda machine.", "A couple of people on phones standing together.", "A man and woman are talking on public pay phones.", "a couple of people that are talking on a phone"]
["A group of children sitting at a table sharing a meal.", "People are sitting at a dinner table while awaiting the food.", "Small children at a dinner table with purple plates. ", "A group of kids sitting at a dinner table", "Four children sitting at a set table with food on it."]
["Hand holding items for the movie Twilight Eclipse.", "A smart phone, magazine and ticket being held by a woman's hand.", "A hand holding a cell phone, movie, and a movie ticket.", "A hand is holding a concert ticket, cell phone, and picture.", "Theater ticket, cellular phone, and The Twilight Saga Eclipse photo featuring Taylor Lautner. "]
["this is a cathedral as seen from across the street", "An old building has a tall tower with clock rising high into the sky.", "A big building with a clock on the front and side of it ", "a very tall clock tower sticking out of a building.", "A tall, intricate building dominates most of a city block."]
["A picture of a large building with people milling about.", "A clock tower rises high above the main square.", "A clock tower with blue sky and clouds in background.", "A view of a tall building and people walking . ", "A large tall building tower with a clock on the top."]
["A clock in near the triangular roof of a large building.", "there is a large building that has two clocks on it", "Large building in the middle of a partly sunny day.", "This is a very ornate building with a clock on it.", "a church with two clocks built on the side of the building"]
["A person holding a phone in their hand with a boat on it", "Screen of an iPhone with German language text held in a person's hand.", "A person has taken a picture of their phone. ", "iPhone showing advertising for a pirate German political party", "A hand holding a smart phone with a ship as a wall paper."]
["A beautiful young lady talking on a cell phone.", "A woman talking on a cellphone in the dark", "A young woman is using a cell phone near orange light.", "an image of a woman with eyes closed on the phone", "A woman holding a cell phone up to her ear"]
["A man holding an umbrella in one hand and a cell phone up to his ear in the other.", "Man dressed in white holding up black umbrella. ", "a close up ofa paerson holding a hell phone ", "a man holding and umbrella and cross as he talks on a cell phone ", "A guy wearing a white turban and holding a cross is on a cell phone."]
["A man holds up his phone and looks at the phone. ", "a male in a black shirt is holding his cellphone", "A man wearing black with an orange backpack on his back checking out a pen.", "A man holds his phone up in front of him.", "A man is on a bridge looking at his phone."]
["A little baby with blue eyes talking on a phone.", "Small baby smiling at camera and talking on phone.", "A baby smiles and holds a cell phone up to its ear.", "a cute baby playing with a cell phone", "A smiling baby holding a cell phone up to ear."]
["The woman is talking on a cell phone", "a woman in a hood is on the phone", "Woman wearing headscarf and trench coat using cell phone.", "A woman sitting down talking on her cell phone. ", "A woman wearing a head covering talking on a cell phone."]
["a woman in a red top holding something with a white and red background", "A model poses with a cell phone at a convention.", "A woman at a product show holding a cell phone\n", "Very attractive Asian woman in a red dress holding a cell phone", "A fancy dressed lady posing for a picture while holding something."]
["A crowd of individuals are gathering up and doing something.\n", "Spectators using cell phones while sitting in seats at outdoor event.", "An image of people recording cell phone videos at a baseball game", "A group of people holding up cellphones taking pictures of the same thing.", "Fans take pictures on their cellphones during a baseball game"]
["A little girl is reaching for something a boy is holding.", "A boy and a girl playing with bubbles.", "a little girl trying to grab a toy out of an older boys hand", "Three children playing in a room full of toys.", "a couple of kids that are playing on the ground"]
["A man talking on his phone without using hands.", "a man wearing glasses talking on his cell phone", "A man wearing glasses talking on a cell phone.", "A man with glasses and a five o' clock shadow holds a phone on his shoulder.", "there is a man wearing glasses talking on the phone "]
["A young lady with a blue purse is taking a selfie of herself. ", "A woman holds a phone up with a flash on it.", "A woman with a handbag holding up a cell phone.", "A person that is holding a cell phone in her hand.", "a woman in a black top is holding a cellphone"]
["Two microwave ovens one marked with man symbol and the other for woman. ", "Two microwaves sitting side by side on a countertop are marked with signs printed with the symbols for man and woman.", "a couple of microwaves that are next to each other", "Two microwaves side by side with pictures of a man and woman silhouette", "The microwaves are marked with female and male signs."]
["A stainless steel microwave oven is on a refrigerator.", "A microwave is shown with stuff on top.", "A microwave oven with snacks on top of it.", "A microwave with some food and cups on top of a small fridge.", "A microwave that has items on top of it."]
["A nice looking kitchen with a shiny metal oven and microwave.", "A modern kitchen with microwave and oven flush to the wall", "a kitchen with a microwave above an oven\n", "An economy size kitchen with a very small stove, microwave, and oven.", "A kitchen with a stove top, microwave, and oven."]
["A woman standing in front of an open refrigerator in a kitchen.", "A woman trying to put something into a refrigerator.", "A woman is carrying a block of ice to the freezer.", "Woman struggling to find a spot in the refrigerator for a pizza box.", "A woman placing something big insider her refrigerator."]
["there is a clock that is at the top of this building", "some statues and a clock stting on top of a building", "Archways in a brick building below a clock tower.", "A clock is at the top of a piece of architecture. ", "A city clock tower, with a few statues on it."]
["A plate topped with slices of banana next to a  knife.", "sliced bananas on a plate and a blender ", "A food processor with a blade inside of it, next to a plate with pieces of banana on it. ", "A plate full of sliced bananas sit on a plate, next to a food processor.", "Sliced bananas on a plate next to a food chopper."]
["A colorful vase filled with a green plant.", "a vase is sitting under a carriage outside", "An urn full of succulents under a wooden carriage in a garden", "A colorful flower pot placed between two wagon wheels.", "A colorful painted vase filled with succulents between the wheels of a carriage. "]
["A vase of white vase of pink flowers.", "a bundle of pink flowers is in a white vase", "A vase that has pink flowers in it.", "A flower arrangement with pink flowers in a white vase.", "Vase of flowers sitting on a wooden table."]
["A green vase with leafy plants poking out the top", "The large leaves sit in a green glass vase.", "A green vase with leaves sits a top of a wooden table.", "A green vase  with a bunch of green leafy plants in it", "A beautiful art nouveau vase holds and arrangement of greenery."]
["A mantle topped with two vases and a golden clock.", "Golden clock sitting in between to vases by a mirror.", "A decorative wall with a mirror, clock, and vases.", "A clock and several vases sit on a table in front of a gold framed mirror.", "Gold ordained walls are coupled with a gold accented clock and vases."]
["A man brushing his daughters hair with a brush.", "A man is brushing a little girl's hair.", "A man combing a little girl's hair while sitting on a bed. ", "A father combing a little girl's curly blond hair.", "A man combing a little girls hair on a bed."]
["breakfast sandwich with egg and meat has a bite taken out of it", "A white plate topped with a hamburger next to a coffee cup.", "A breakfast sandwich with a bite taken out is sitting on a table.", "A sausage, egg, and english muffin sandwich next to a coffee cup.", "A English muffin sandwich has a single bit in it. "]
["A piece of cake on a plate next to a glass of milk.", "A piece of white cake on a plate with a glass of milk on the side.", "A piece of cake and a glass of milk.", "A plate with a piece of cake sits next to a cup of milk.", "A cup of milk and a vanilla cake with blue frosting. "]
["a paper design of a castle with numbers and silver designs on it", "A set of plastic model buildings under a dark sky.", "An amusement park ride that has a cart passing by a castle.", "The entrance to the \"its a small world\" ride at Walt Disney World.", "a prop setting sitting on a tiled floor"]
["A clock that is perched on clothing to make it look like a head.", "A white alarm clock in a bedroom. ", "At almost 6:30 the place is almost dark", "A white clock is sitting on a strange stand.", "Large clock sitting on top of several items in a small room. "]
["The infamous Big Ben clock tower sitting under a cloudy blue sky.", "A tower with four sides with clocks and a weather vein at the top.", "There is a large clock tower standing high in the sky.", "A large clock hangs on a tower with a pointy roof.", "Big Ben in front of a sunny sky with few clouds."]
["A tall building with a large clock mounted to it's side.", "Looking up at a decorative clock on a tower", "A vertical view of of a tower reveals a clock and a flag.", "A view of a building with a clock towering into the sky.", "A street view of a clock sign on a tall building."]
["a person posing for a photo sitting at a table ", "a woman sitting at a table holding a pen", "A young woman sitting outside at a table with tea and fruit", "A woman sitting outside in the shade having tea.", "A woman sitting at a table with postcards and a pen."]
["A white plate topped with food and eating utensils.", "A plate is empty next to a glass of soda.", "A plate remains with the main dish eaten but the fillings left.", "A food entree with a fork and spoon next to a glass with a straw.", "LEFTOVERS ON PLATES OF FOOD AND DRINK ON TABLE"]
["A tower that has a clock on the side of it.", "A large tall tower with a clock on top.", "The corner of a city street neat a building with a clock tower. ", "A large clock tower on top of a building at a street corner.", "A very tall clock tower sitting in the middle of a city."]
["a clock on the outside of a building saying it is a little after 5 o clock", "A clock that is on the side of a building.", "The front of a building with a clock above windows.", "A clock with Roman numerals set in a brick building.", "A clock way up the side of a brick building."]
["People at a museum looking at some pottery", "A man grabbing a woman while standing in front of an art exhibit", "A man and woman in a museum looking at a piece.", "A man and woman looking at pottery in a display case. ", "A man and woman looking at a display at a museum. "]
["Three blue and white vase on a shelf against a patterned background. ", "Three blue and white vases sitting on a shelf.", "Three different colored vases are stacked side by side. ", "Fine blue and white china vases lined up on a shelf. ", "Three blue and white vases are shown on a shelf."]
["a man decorating a vase with a cloth in his lap", "A boy is painting a pictures on a vase.", "A young man painting a vase by hand", "A person painting colorful images on a vase.", "A man who is painting designs on a vase."]
["some trees some grass a big pot with some white flowers", "a park with trees along the path and flowers in a large stone pot", "A large urn with a flower pot in it near a pathway.", "a park with a bunch of trees and plants.", "A large vase on the grass has white flowers in it."]
["Many old fashion nick-knacks are all neatly placed. ", "Some decorative vases and bowls no display stands.", "Various white shelves displaying painted brown ceramics on display.", "Old looking pottery is on display on pedestals of varying heights at a museum.", "several vases and bowls on display at a museum"]
["some purple flowers are in a green vase", "a small vase holding a bouquet of flowers.", "a vase with large flowers on the shelf.", "A vase full of flowers are sitting on the windowsill.", "Vase sitting on the shelf with multi colored flowers in it."]
["A table with a piece of construction paper, scissors and sewing thread.", "A pair of scissors sits on a piece of felt next to a cut out of a dove.", "Scissors, paper and paper bird cut outs on a table. ", "A pair of red handled scissors sitting on a table next to paper doves.", "Two white paper birds sits on top of purple paper near a pair of red and silver scissors."]
["a pair of scissors and other knitting supplies are on a table", "A bag with numerous sewing and knitting  accessories.", "Crochet supplies and yarn with a measuring tape.", "A group of crafting supplies sitting on the table.", "A knit bag and knitting supplies on a table."]
["A red teddy bear wearing a santa hat sitting on a cocktail table.", "A red teddy bear in a christmas hat sitting next to a glass, a can and a plastic cup full of liquid, on a table in a living room", "A bear that is sitting on a glass table.", "a stuffed animal on a table near a drink ", "The bear is sitting beside the drinks on the table."]
["A display of teddy bears on a table top.", "a group of teddy bears in a display ", "A diorama of teddy bears amongst woodland mushrooms", "A couple of stuffed teddy bears on display.", "A table display of stuffed bears and toadstools. "]
["The plate of food is next to a magazine and a mug of coffee.", "A plate of food and a cup of coffee on a table.", "Table with plate of food, magazine coffee mug and glasses.", "A plate of food and a magazine on a table", "A magazine, glasses, a plate with food, fork, and a cup sitting on a table. "]
["various food dishes laid out on the floor.", "A dinner of Asian food at a restaurant.", "A floor covered in bowls and plates filled with foods.", "Overhead view of a breakfast, with lots of little dishes.", "a bunch of food sit inside of dish ware "]
["There are some appealing support ready to expend. \n", "Sandwich cut into four sections surrounding macaroni on a plate on a table.", "a white plate with eggs ketchup and a fork and a cup", "A serving plate with sandwich slices arranged around eggs.", "A serving of eggs next to some club sandwiches with sauce."]
["A sandwich with lettuce, avocado, meat, and bread.", "Side view of sandwiches with lettuce on white bread.", "A sandwich with lettuce, tomato, and avocado, cut in three.", "A closeup of a sandwich and eggs on a plate", "A closeup of a sandwich with lettuce and mustard."]
["A plate of food and a cup on a table.", "a close up of a plate with meat and a drink near by", "A white plate topped with a piece of toast and eggs.", "A plate with large toast and scrambled eggs.", "A table set with plates of food and mugs of coffee."]
["A white table holding various trays of food and fruit.", "A table that has some various breakfast food items on it.", "Plates and a bowl of food on a table.", "there are grilled breads and a bowl of fruits an granola", "Two plates of toasted bread, a cup of coffee and a bowl of cereal and fruits. "]
["A little boy sits at a breakfast table pointing at the camera.", "a plate of eggs and toast on a table ", "A breakfast plate of eggs and toast with hot chocolate.", "A boy in the red shirt is sitting at the table and pointing to the camera ", "Young boy pointing from background on table with breakfast meal of scrambled eggs, toast, hot chocolate or milk (for the boy)."]
["Meat and a salad on a white plate.", "A plate of food, bread and salad, sits on a chair.", "A plate and fork with toast and vegetables on a chair.", "A white plate topped with two pieces of stead and a salad.", "A plate with a meat product and something else on it."]
["A woman with two children sitting at a table with plates of food.", "A woman and children at a dining table.", "The young kids are sitting at the table eating breakfast. ", "A mom holds a baby in her lap while her older child eats pancakes with them at the kitchen table. ", "One adult female and two children are sitting at a table with food and drinks.  "]
["A piece of cheesecake and 2 pieces of an English muffin.", "There is a piece of cake and two pieces of bread", "A plate with three pies and a spoon.", "A piece of pie on a white plate.", "A plate topped with a muffin and piece of cake."]
["A family sitting down at a dinner table eating food.", "A group of people sitting around a table of food.", "a family sitting around a table with plates full of food ", "A large group of people sitting around a table getting ready to eat.", "an image of a large family eating dinner in the kitchen"]
["Plates on a table filled with breakfast foods and cups of coffee and orange juice.", "A table with breakfast on it including bacon, berries, toast and a frittata", "A table is set with some breakfast food.", "A plate of food and drinks are being served", "A person preparing a hearty meal for his breakfast."]
["A plate of eggs and toast next to a plate of bacon and french toast.", "A bunch of breakfast items on a couple of plates", "Two plates of french toast, eggs, bacon, and toast. ", "Plates of breakfast food include omelet, french toast, and bacon.", "A couple of plates of food on a table."]
["A breakfast plate with a waffle and fresh fruit.", "A waffle with fruit on top ready to eat.", "A waffle on a plate topped with fruit.", "A table setting displaying a warm beverage and a plate of waffles and fruit.", "a plate with a waffle and fruit on a table"]
["A marble tabletop that has a coffee cup and saucer one one side and two plates of food on the other sides.", "Food sitting on plates and drink in a cup sitting on the table", "a plate of food on a table near a drink ", "table set with a meal on white plates and tablecloth\n", "A meal with 2 plates and a cup of coffee."]
["a plate full of food with some greens on top", "Food of some kind is stacked on a plate.", "A bowl of soup with several ingredients. ", "A large bowl of soup with various ingredients. ", "A bowlful of pho soup with chicken and egg."]
["very delicious looking food and a man and woman are eating.", "A plate of food sits on a tray on a table, with drinks.", "A man setting at a table in a restaurant cutting his food.", "A bowl of food with a water behind it.", "some people at a table with some food and drinks"]
["A family sitting at a dinner table with bowls of soup.", "A family sitting around a table eating dinner.", "The woman and children share a meal at the table.", "A woman and children are sitting at a table while plates are sitting in front of empty chairs.", "A woman and three children at a table"]
["A group of people are sitting at a table with bowls and wine glasses.", "A family is seated at the table while having their picture taken", "a couple of kids are sitting at a table", "A group of people smile while sitting at the table with their meals", "A group of people are sitting around a table."]
["A dining room table surrounded by wooden chairs.", "A large family group at a round table in a restaraunt.", "A family gathered around a table at a banquet hall.", "Family at a lavish restaurant with large wooden chairs", "A large group of people around a table in a restaurant."]
["A child sitting at a white table with lobsters in a bowl. ", "A smiling little girls sits at the table outside near the ocean, looking at a bowl full of lobsters on a sunny day.", "A girl sits at an outdoor table, there are lobsters in a bowl on the table, and trees and water in the background. ", "Girl taking picture infront of bowl of lobsters.", "A bowl of lobsters sitting on a table in front of a child."]
["Looking down at a meal of freshly barbecued food for two", "A partial view of a table setting with prepared foods on plates.", "Many different plates with meat with silverware. ", "A group of plates with grilled meat, bread, and appetizers. ", "A table that has several plates of food on it."]
["A woman and a young boy sitting at a table with food.", "A woman leaning in for a photo with a small boy at dinner.", "A woman and child are smiling over a diner table.", "A woman sitting next to a boy with a table full of food.", "A variety of food spread out on a table"]
["A glass dining table with a cutting board full of cut veggies.", "A jar sitting next to many piles of vegetables and a camera on a table.", "a chopping board of vegetables sitting on a patio table", "A round glass table with a camera, sunglasses, a beverages, chopped vegetables and a jar with dressing in it", "Cutting board on table with chopped vegetables and jar of dressing."]
["A man cutting a piece of pizza with a knife and fork.", "A PERSON HELPING HIMSELF WITH THE FOOD WITH SPOONS.", "A man serving spaghetti and meatballs at a table.\n", "a man using large spoons to grab food out of a bowl ", "a man plating up spaghetti dishes for mealtime"]
["A woman with amble breast holding a glass with a drink.", "A woman in a bar is wearing a tube dress.", "A young blond woman in a red tube top talkes to a male friend while holding a wine slushie. ", "A woman has a shocked expression while looking at a drink in a bar.", "A woman in red holding a drink in her hand"]
["An overhead view of a group of people at an event", "an areal shot of a pretty busy office", "A group of people standing around a table next to each other.", "Several people gather for drinks at a busy bar.", "A large crowd of people are gathered in an office lobby."]
["A woman holding a polka dot umbrella looking inside a shop.", "A woman holding an umbrella walking in front of a store.", "a person standing holding an open umbrella ", "A young woman looking at a store display and holding an umbrella.", "A woman with an umbrella looking at shopping stands."]
["People sitting under an umbrella looking at the scenery.", "A person with a colorful umbrella sits on a fountain.", "A man with a colored umbrella sits on a monument.", "A man sis on a public area while holding an umbrella.", "This is a photo of two people sitting on the ledge of a piece of city artwork."]
["a black and white photo of young people holding an open umbrella", "Two boys in the rain, one of them holding an umbrella.", "A young boy holding an umbrella in the rain.", "A young boy standing in the rain holding an umbrella next to a boy wearing a baseball cap. ", "Two wet young boys on the street one has a huge umbrella.", "Two boys wet in the rain with the youngest holding a large umbrella."]
["A couple of people that are holding an umbrellas.", "Two people standing on street corner with open umbrellas", "People with umbrellas on a rainy street near a Starbucks.", "A group of people with umbrellas on a street.", "A group of people standing around each other holding umbrellas."]
["a group of people skiing on a hill ", "a black and white picture of people on there ski's.", "There are a group of people standing by a ski lift", "A black and white photo of people using a ski lift.", "Many people with sports equipment are playing on the snow."]
["Group of men standing around a kitchen eating small sides. ", "Five people stand around a kitchen filled with covered food.", "a group of people stands around a table of food", "Two men eat party favors as they socialize", "Men are in a kitchen eating and drinking or getting ready to eat."]
["Lots of fruit sits on bowls on the counter of this kitchen. ", "A white stove top oven sitting inside of a kitchen.", "A white stove and table in a small kitchen.", "A very big kitchen with many wooden cabinets.", "A kitchen with a microwave, stove, cutlery and fruits. "]
["This kitchen contains a stove with an exhaust hood, many cabinets, and a microwave.", "a white stove some brown cabinets and some bowls of fruit", "A kitchen with wooden cabinets and various bowls of fruits and vegetables on the counter, next to a white stovetop oven.", "An empty kitchen with several bowls of fruit on the counter top.", "A kitchen that is very nice and clean."]
["Some people sitting at a table eating in a restaurant.", "Two women and a man sit together in an empty restaurant. ", "The three people are the only ones in the restaurant currently. ", "A restaurant area with computer monitors in the table.", "Group sitting inside a cafeteria having a meal."]
["A kitchen cluttered with dishes with a stove and oven.", "A dimly lit kitchen with a stove and sink.", "Kitchen sink and countertop with kitchen appliances on it", "A dark image of a kitchen with the sink light on.", "a dark kitchen with only one light over the sink"]
["A group of women cooking in a restaurant kitchen.", "some women at a round wooden table are making food", "Group of women cooking in an indoor open kitchen together. ", "A group of women standing in front of round table in an old kitchen.", "A group of women standing near a table."]
["A tan dog with sky blue eyes posing for a picture with a man sitting on a chair in the background.", "A dog is sitting in front of a man who is smiling. ", "A blue eyes dog look dubious as his owner smiles behind him.", "a dog with blue eyes sits in front of a man with a suitcase", "A dog sits in front of his owner and suitcase. "]
["a girl wearing a cowboy hat while holding a dog ", "A young boy wearing a sheriff costume poses with his dog.", "there is a young boy wearing a cowboy hat hugging a dog", "A young boy sitting next to a brown and white dog.", "A boy in a cowboy had posing for a picture with a dog."]
["A black and white dog on a brown tile floor next to counter.", "A black dog is looking away from the camera. ", "A black dog stands on a red tile floor.", "A black dog looks out onto the horizon. ", "A black dog standing on top of a tile floor."]
["there is a snowboarder riding down a hill or mountain", "A person is riding a snowboard down a mountain.", "The snowboarder wearing a dark helmet sprays snow into the air.", "A snowboarder is hidden in white powder as he rides a snowboard.", "A person riding a snowboard down a snowy slope."]
["A microwave and counter in a small room.", "An empty kitchen that has some items sitting on the counter.", "A beige colored kitchen with many cabinets and a crowded countertop.", "a kitchen with two microwaves in it and a coffee maker", "A small kitchen counter where the space is used effectively"]
["A person standing in the kitchen holding a ladle above a bowl while reading a book.", "A woman spoons liquid into bowl while reading a book.", "View from above of a woman cooking and reading at the same time.", "A young lady is reading a book while cooking as a toy horse sits on a table.", "A lady in a kitchen reading a book and holding a cooking spoon."]
["A trashcan has been knocked over in a kitchen.", "A clock is hanging next to an arched cabinet.", "A corner of a kitchen with a cabinet, clock, and trash.", "a kitchen with a tall cupboard analog clock on the wall and a refrigerator", "A kitchen scene with focus on the pantry and a clock."]
["a red wall is behind a white sink", "The color theme in this kitchen is red and black.", "A kitchen with dark wood cabinets and red walls", "a kitchen with a sink and microwave inside of it ", "A kitchen with a red wall and pictures of tomatoes above the sink. "]
["A view of a kitchen shows large and small appliances and pans on the cabinets.", "A kitchen counter with appliance and utensils all around. ", "A kitchen with various cooking implements hanging from the cabinets.", "A kitchen counter topped with a microwave and a toaster oven.", "A white kitchen counter and gray cupboards with red trim."]
["A butcher cutting up the corpse of a dead animal.", "A man cutting up a large piece of meat on a wooden table.", "A man is cutting up a large slab of meat.", "A butcher with glasses and a brown apron cutting through a large slab of meat.", "a man is carving some meat on a wooden table"]
["A kitchen with a washer sitting next to a metal sink.", "There is a trash can in the middle of a small kitchen. ", "A laundry room with a white clothes washer.", "A small galley kitchen with a washing machine", "A KITCHEN WITH A BLACK WINDOW AND A TRASH CAN IN FRONT OF THE WASHING MACHINE."]
["Thee family is standing around the island in the kitchen.", "A group of people that are in a kitchen.", "Three people people in a kitchen preparing food and washing hands.", "A couple of women and one man preparing food in a kitchen.", "two women and a man talking in a kitchen"]
["A kitchen with wooden walls and cabinets with lighting.", "THERE IS AN INSIDE OF A KITCHEN IWTH A STOVE AND A DOOR ", "A need and tidy kitchen area with a window.", "A kitchen has a window, stove, and cabinets in it.", "a kitchen with counters a door and cupboards"]
["There are diffrrnt Apia ces in the kitchen", "a kitchen wit ha stove a toaster oven and a counter ", "Many cabinets assure plenty of space for dishes and food items.", "A kitchen with numerous things in the room. \n", "A kitchen has a stove, a microwave, and a toaster oven."]
["A man riding on top of a surfboard next to a  woman in the ocean.", "A man showing a woman how to ride a surf board", "An instructor teaching a woman how to lay on a surf board.", "A man and woman laying on surfboard in water area.", "A man teaching a woman how to surf in the ocean"]
["A kitchen with a white stove and oven.", "Small kitchen with a sink and a stove with a window letting light in. ", "a nice little kitchen with potted plants in the window", "A kitchen with wooden cabinets and a gas range. ", "A kitchen with oak cabinetry and white appliances"]
["the wall is green and there is a pot on the stove", "A kitchen with an oven, stove and microwave.", "A small kitchen has green wallpaper and floor tiles and cream-colored cabinets.", "Pots and pans sit on the kitchen's counter tops.", "a kitchen with a stove by a green tile wall "]
["A kitchen with a lot of cabinets and stuff on the table. ", "A home kitchen that is showing items on the counters.", "The shelves below the kitchen window are filled with objects.", "A kitchen with a window above a bunch of clutter.", "There are different appliances in the middle of a kitchen."]
["AA tennis player sitting down drying himself off", "A tennis player is drying himself off on the bench. ", "a man sitting topless next to the tennis court", "A tennis player sitting down drying his body with a towel.", "A person sitting on a court with a tennis racket."]
["A man in a red cap, green shirt and white shorts holds a tennis racket under his arm.", "A young man wearing an orange cap carries tennis rackets while standing next to another man carrying baggage.", "Male tennis players carry their equipment as they stand outside the tennis court", "Two men of some sort on a tennis court.", "A tennis player in a neon shirt with tennis racquets"]
["A man wearing a green shirt on top of a tennis court.", "a man walking next to a net on a tennis  court", "The man is on the tennis court playing a game. ", "A man playing tennins in a green shirt.", "a man walking on a tennis court in front of a net"]
["A table and some chairs in a room.", "An open kitchen a dining area and tile floor.", "A modern, open kitchen with tiled floors, new appliances plenty of windows and clean cabinetry.  ", "a kitchen with wooden cabinets and tile flooring ", "a kitchen and dining room with a big window "]
["The small kitchen has a black counter and wooden cabinets.", "A small kitchen with black counters and a wide window.", "a kitchen with a sink and some cupboards in it ", "A kitchen sink is bright and sunny in front of a window.", "A nice kitchen is shown with light coming in a window and black countertops."]
["A kitchen that has a sink and cabinets in it.", "A small kitchen with a window and small cabinets. ", "The sun shining through a closed kitchen window", "A clean kitchen with warm sun light streaming in", "There are flowers in a vase by the sink and pots of plants in the window sill. "]
["A long empty, minimal modern skylit home kitchen.", "A picture of a modern looking kitchen area\n", "A narrow kitchen ending with a chrome refrigerator.", "A narrow kitchen is decorated in shades of white, gray, and black.", "a room that has a stove and a icebox in it"]
["This is a black and white photo of a girl under a pedestrian traffic signal.", "A person wearing a backpack standing next to a building.", "A girl wearing a dress stands facing a wall that is near a staircase.", "Person standing under a pedestrian crossing sign on a street.", "A person with a backpack is facing toward a wall."]
["A sidewalk filled with lots of pedestrian traffic near a traffic light.", "a group of people and kids standing by the corner waiting to cross the road ", "People are walking on the street on a rainy day.", "a bunch of people waiting for the crosswalk, outside in the rain", "There are several people waiting in the rain to cross the street."]
["A towel rack in a bathroom topped with two stuffed animals.", "A turtle and pooh doll on a towel rack", "A stuffed turtle, Winnie the Pooh doll and a tan towel on a towel rack.", "A Winnie The Pooh and a turtle stuffed animals sitting on a towel rack.", "Two stuffed animals stare at each other while perched on a towel rack."]
["A lot of urinels that are in a bathroom.", "There are two urinals next to each other.", "A public restroom with focus on two urinals.", "Urinals that have bright orange places where the pee hits.", "Two urinals sitting next to each other in a bathroom."]
["a bathroom with a white sink and  tolit", "A very drab looking rest room without many decorations.", "a bathroom with a tub, a sink and a window", "A small bathroom with a sink and bathtub.", "A pedestal sink and bathtub in a bathroom."]
["A bathroom that has a sink in a window sill.", "A bathroom with a white toilet next to a white bath tub.\n", "A bathroom with a bathtub, a toilet, and a sink.", "A tile bathroom with a toilet, sink and bath tub.", "a bathroom covered with beige tiles and a fancy sink"]
["Cat lying on ground between pair of  parked bicycles ", "There is a cat sitting under the bicycles.", "A cat that is laying underneath a bike.", "A cat lays between two parked bicycles in a black and white photo.", "A few bikes with a cat in the middle of them"]
["Two small dogs on a sidewalk near a bicycle.", "Two small dogs walk next to a bicycle.", "Two dogs are confronting each other new a parked bicycle.", "A couple small dogs walking next to a bike.", "a pair of dogs on a sidewalk next to a bicycle"]
["The bathroom has a sink, toilet, and glass shower.", "a long narrow batroom with a sink mirrors and toilet", "A restroom with a sink, mirror and towel", "A narrow bathroom has a long lit hallway.", "A bathroom with tall ceilings and an open window on the top."]
["Two cat lying on a floor playing with each other", "Two cats laying down playing with each other.", "Two cats lay next to each other and appear to be unhappy.", "Two cats play fighting while laying on a white floor.", "Two domestic cats engaged in a physical confrontation."]
["there are two cats that are laying inside of a tub", "Two cats sitting together in an empty bathtub.", "A pair of cats sit in an empty bathtub.", "Two cats occupy a bathtub, one sitting and one lying down. ", "two cats chill in the bathtub one is laying down"]
["two cat getting ready to get into a fight", "Two cats are interacting with each other in this image.", "Two cats standing near each other in a room", "A black and white cat with an orange striped and white cat next to eachother. ", "Two cats that are looking at each other."]
["Two cats getting into a sink in a bathroom ", "The cats are curious about what is in the sink.", "Two black cats in a bathroom sink. ", "Two cats playing in a sink with a cluttered shelf.", "Two cats that are looking in a sink."]
["Bathroom with tub, toilet, sink, mirror and window.", "A home bathroom with a tub and no shower", "A bathroom with a bathtub, sink, mirror, and window.", "A bathroom with a mirror, sinks, tub and a window to the outside.", "A very clean bathroom is styled in a somewhat vintage fashion."]
["A bathroom with a walk in shower next to a toilet and a sink.", "A very nice and modern bathroom sports a black and white color scheme.", "A clean bathroom has a square shaped sink and toilet. ", "A white bathroom with two towels laid out.", "The bathroom features upgraded and high cost finishes."]
["The interior of a modern bathroom including glass shower and sinks", "There is a bathroom with a sink and a shower.", "A modern bathroom with heated towel racks, bidet, walk-in shower and oblong sink", "A modern-style bathroom is very clean and organized.", "This bathroom has a large sink, a smaller sink, and a shower with glass doors."]
["A mirror shows another light in a background of a wonderful bathroom", "A couple of sinks with brown tile and a decorative mirror.", "a couple of sinks in a bright colored bathroom", "two sinks under a mirror and a light on a wall", "A couple of white bathroom sinks mounted to a wall."]
["A little girl that is standing near a toilet.", "THE LITTLE GIRLS HAS FUN POSING IN THE BATHROOM UNDER CONSTRUCTON", "little girl standing next to a toilet and bathtub unfinished room", "A young girl standing under a window next to a toilet.", "A child is standing in a bathroom with a white toilet and tub."]
["A bathroom with a vanity mirror next to a white toilet.", "A small, neat and clean yellow bathroom set up.", "Brightly lit bathroom with a sink and toilet.", "Small bathroom with a sink with a mirror and a small toilet. ", "The small bathroom is lit by lights above the mirror."]
["A white bathroom sink sitting under a window.", "some folded towels sitting on a shelf next to a sink ", "A black and white image of a stylish wash basin with towels piled next to it.", "A stand-alone sink has a table beside it, with several folded towels.", "A bathroom sink with a stack of towels next to it."]
["A woman standing next to a standing toilet.", "A woman standing by a floor urinal in a bathroom.", "A woman is standing beside a toilet set in the floor.", "a close up of a person near a crouch toilet ", "A lady is smiling, holding an article of clothing. "]
["A man standing in front of a mirror above a counter.", "A man running his hands through his hair looks into a triple mirror above a shelf of toiletries.", "A man looks at his hairline in the mirror.", "There is a picture of a man hanging up in the room.", "A man on a mirror holding his head"]
["a sink in a bathroom with a shaver and personal hygeine items on the counter top", "a sink well cleaned and some drawers and hand wash", "a couple of bathroom items sitting on a sink", "A bathroom sink that is surrounded by various toiletries.", "The man who uses this bathroom shaved this morning"]
["A tiled bathroom altered to suit the needs of the handicapped.", "a handicapped toilet with bars and a sink", "This toilet is accessible to a handicapped person.", "A toilet with extended help bars and a handle for lifting.", "A small bathroom that appears to be handicapped accessory. "]
["A man is sitting in a bathtub cowering and naked.", "A man sits in a blood stained tub while curled up in pain.", "A nude man curled inside of a dirty bathtub. ", "The man is sitting in a bathtub with something smeared on the walls and tub.", "A picture of a man in a bathtub with blood on the walls."]
["A modern bathroom design with a skylight above the toilet.", "A bathroom is decorated in white and tan.", "A minimalistic bathroom with a sloping ceiling and skylight.", "A new bathroom installed in an attic space", "a toilet, sink, and shower in a bathroom with a skylight "]
["A modern bathroom is shown with a square sink.", "The bathroom has a square sink basin below the mirror. ", "a white sink and mirror in a bathroom", "A very clean bathroom with a modern vanity", "a modern bathroom featuring a square sink and a mirror. "]
["A shot of an empty bathroom with a walkin shower.", "a neutral bathroom with a window, glass shower door, potted plant and folded towels", "The bathroom has a clear door that you can see through.", "A beige bathroom has clear glass double doors.", "It's a bathroom with a glass walked shower and folded towels on the sink. "]
["The torso of a man who is holding a knife.", "A man with a utensil is posing in a room.", "a nude person standing with a knife ", "you can see a mans e.g. and he is holding a knife", "A naked man holding a bloody knife near where is penis should be."]
["A bathroom with sink, tub, window, and hand rails.", "A bathroom with sun shining through the windows.", "A bathroom with a large white tub sitting  next to a sink.", "A sunny yellow bathroom tub with sunlight pouring through the windows.", "Light from a window shines on a bathtub and sink."]
["A marble-look bathroom with a bath enclosure and white sink on a long counter.", "The view of a large bathroom containing a tub, sink, toilet and grant counters.", "Luxury bathroom with lowered bathtub and blue lights", "This bathroom has a marble counter top and tub decor.", "A kitchen with a sink, toilet and bathtub."]
["Doorway view into a bathroom with a sink, toilet and mirror.", "A mall bathroom with vanity, mirror and toilet.", "a bath room with a toilet a mirror and a sink", "a small bathroom with a toilet sink and mirror", "a really fancy bathroom that is totally clean"]
["A small bathroom with a shower curtain and toilet", "This bathroom picture shows a white toilet and a purple shower curtain.", "A white toilet is separated from a brown shower curtain.", "The shower curtain is closed in the bathroom.", "A restroom with a shower curtain and a white toilet."]
["The small bathroom has a bathtub without a shower.", "A bathroom has a tub but no shower.", "A bathroom with a white bath tub sitting next to a sink.", "A tidy bathroom decorated with decor and towels.", "A white and marble tiled bathroom that looks great."]
["A very modern hotel bedroom holds a large, white bed. ", "A bedroom with a bed, chair, and a slanted ceiling.", "A view of a bedroom with a bed, closet and telephone. ", "A bedroom is shown with a bed and TV.", "The bedroom is clean and ready for us to use. "]
["A parking meter lies askew on a street.", "The front end of a car parked at a parking meter ", "a parking meter on a city street leaning", "A car hits and bends a parking meter.", "a parking meter at an awkward angle near a silver car"]
["A cat sitting on the hood of a car.", "A large orange cat sleeps on the hood of a car.", "Large cat laying down asleep on top of a car. ", "An orange cat sleeping on the hood of a car", "An orange cat sitting in the middle of a car hood."]
["A man sits in a car with a cat in his lap.", "An older man is sitting in a car, petting his cat. ", "An older man is holding a cat in his lap while sitting in the driver's seat of a car.", "A man that is sitting in a car holding a cat.", "a man is sitting in a car petting a black cat"]
["Two black and white dogs in front of an abandoned truck in a wooden area. ", "A couple of dogs standing outside of a wrecked car.", "two dogs near a heap of junk with trees in the background", "Two dogs in the show looking at a junked car.", "Two dogs standing in front of debris in the snow. "]
["Old cars and horse drawn carriage on a tropical city street.", "an old car and a horse and buggy on a city street", "a man is riding in a carriage pulled by a horse", "A car passes by a horse and carriage on a street with buildings and a tree.", "A horse drawn carriage is traveling down the street."]
["A blue motor scooter parked in a parking lot.", "A city street with cars and motorcycles parked on the side.", "a scooter and a motorbike are parked on the street in front of a red care", "There are two motor bikes parked near some cars.", "A motor scooter and a motorcycle parked with cars on a city street"]
["An orange lying next to a green utensil.", "a table with a orange and a fork on it", "A small fork and spoon sitting next to an orange.", "An orange sitting next to a plastic fork.", "An orange is placed in front of a backpacking utensil."]
["A bathroom filled with urinals mounted on a wall side by side.", "A row of auto-flush urinals lines the wall in this public restroom. ", "This is an a image of a row of urinals.", "Urinals in a line in a tiled bathroom area.", "A wall in a bathroom lined with urinals "]
["A car parked outside of a gas station with chrome rims.", "A door is open to a black car with red rims.", "A room with a door open to the outside with a car outside the doorway. ", "A view from a house looking outside at the front of a black car.\n", "A garage door leading out to a fancy car."]
["A teddy bear sitting in between a display of books on a table.", "A stuffed bear is sitting on a table with books.", "a table of four books and a teddy bear", "A stuffed bear and some books are on a table. ", "a stuffed animal sits in front of a book "]
["A man riding a motorcycle down a road near a forest.", "Two motorcycles are parked on the shoulder of a mountainous freeway.", "Two motorcycles sit on the side of a secluded road.", "a couple of motorcycles are off the side of the street", "a couple of motorcycles that are next to a road"]
["A cat standing on top of a car trunk next to a parked motorcycle.", "A cat sitting on a car hood next to another cat sittiing on a scooter.", "A cat is standing on the hood of a car and another cat is sitting on a motorcycle.", "A couple of cats rest on tops of different vehicles.", "Two cats sitting on a parked scooter and car."]
["A white bowl filled with leafy greens on a rain soaked ground.", "A toilet with plants growing from the bowl.", "A green plant growing out of a toilet. ", "Toilet bowl covered in grass and weeds during nighttime", "Many different weeds grow wild out of an old toilet."]
["Dog in parking lot and on a leash.", "A little dog next to a motorhome and motorcycle.", "A dog tied up to a vehicle at the parking lot.  ", "A dog standing on the street next to an RV and motorcycle. ", "A dog on a leash tied to a motor home."]
["A woman is sitting on the toilet in the restroom.", "A woman is sitting sideways on a toilet holding a bottle.", "Woman sitting on a toilet with the lid down filling up a bottle from a faucet. ", "A girl sitting on a toilet holding a beer bottle.", "Woman in hotel bathroom opening a bottle with mounted bottle opener."]
["THIS IS A YUCKY PICTURE OF A LARGE AND SMALL TOILETS", "A bathroom with two toilets in it, one smaller than the other. ", "A bathroom with a large and small toilet in it.", "Dated picture of two toilets with the seat up", "This is a bathroom with two different size toilets in it."]
["a cat is climbing from a window sill on top of a toilet seat", "A black white and brown cat looking into a toilet bowl", "A cat standing on a toilet seat looking in the bowl.", "A cat sitting on top of a toilet seat in a bathroom.", "A cat with hind legs on the edge of the bathtub and front paws on the toilet seat."]
["A woman with her pants pulled down on the toilet.", "A woman sitting down on a toilet with her pants down.", "A woman in pink is sitting on a toilet.", "a woman cupping a cup in both hands with her pants pulled down while sitting on the toilet", "A woman sitting on the toilet with a cup of coffee."]
["Several motor scooters parked in a row on the side of a street.", "Many motor bikes are parked along a city street.", "many motorcycles parked on a city street near buildings", "A picture showing a long line of scooters parked on a city street.", "a bunch of cars and motorcycles parked on the side of the road "]
["A man sits on a toilet while working on his computer at his desk.", "A man sitting on a toilet in front of the computer.", "A man sitting on a chair in front of a computer. ", "a person sitting on a toilet while operating a computer", "A man sitting on a toilet in front of a large computer monitor."]
["a close up of a person cleaning a toilet", "a man is cleaning a black toilet seat", "a man throwing a white piece of paper into a black seated toilet.", "Picture of man with rather big nose smiling.", "The man is holding paper over the toilet."]
["A picture taken through a car window of a shop with many motorcycles parked in front of it.", "Motorcycles and mopeds line the street of an asian shop", "There are lots of people visiting the Asian shop.", "The view from a cars windshield of a cit street with a red light.", "A view through a car windshield of motorbikes parked outside of a building."]
["A white church has a decorative window and gold clock.", "An upward view of a white building with a clock on the front.", "A church with a clock on it and a steeple above it.", "A view looking up at a white church with a large window.", "The church tower has a clock displayed for the people."]
["a motorcycle that is next to a bunch more", "a group of various motorcycles parking in a line ", "Motorcycles parked on the sidewalk next to a road.", "A group of motor bikes on a street.", "A group of motorcycles are parked next together."]
["A motorcycle sitting in a parking lot showing a green lawn in the mirrors.", "a close up of a motorcycle mirror ", "A rearview mirror on a motorcycle next to a gray automobile.", "A side view mirror on the handle bars of a motorcycle.", "There is a handle bar with a side mirror."]
["A white wall mounted toilet in a bathroom.", "A bathroom area with multiple toilet paper dispensers and a toilet.", "a public restroom with a white toilet and toilet paper", "this toilet seems to be very low to the floor", "A bathroom toilet with a toilet paper roll and seat cover dispenser."]
["a bath room with a toilet and a towel rack", "Folded towels are sitting on a rack above a toilet.", "A toilet, phone, toilet paper, and towel rack in a black bathroom.", "a white toilet some towels a phone toilet paper and black tiles", "A white toilet in a black bathroom with a phone on the wall."]
["A group of three bath tubs sitting next to each other.", "A room with three old tubs and peeling walls. ", "Three old cast iron bathtubs in a brick room.", "Three old bath tubs in an abandoned building", "a couple of bathtubs are leaning against each other"]
["Laptop lifted up on a desk next to another monitor.", "WOMAN SITTING A DESK IN A ROOM WITH LOTS OF ELECTRONICS", "A woman sitting at a desk in a room with a laptop, monitor, and microphone.", "A woman is working at a desk with extra arms and legs.", "A very nice wooden desk with computer equipment on it."]
["A small cat is standing near the computer keyboard. ", "A kitten sitting on top of a white keyboard.", "A calico kitten hangs out on the computer keyboard.", "A kitten that appears to be focused on a computer mouse.", "This is a kitten on a keyboard chasing a mouse."]
["A person on a motorcycle high in the air.", "A person is riding a motorcycle on dirt.", "A dirt bike ride jumps on a course during a race with other riders.", "person jumping a dirt bike on green grass", "A person riding a dirt bike through the air over a course."]
["Two people who are in the street on motorcycles.", "this is two men riding black bikes in the street", "Two men on motorcycles look at each other and one is holding up his thumb.", "a couple of people are riding motorcycles down the street", "Two men wearing leather on top of motorcycles."]
["A red plate topped with a chocolate pastry.", "a small plate that has a triangular dessert on it", "A dessert with chocolate and banana slices sits on a plate.", "Plates and bowls on a table with cakes and bananas.", "A plate that has cake sitting on a table."]
["A skateboard resting against a wall with a photo sitting next to it. ", "a framed picture leaning against the wall next to a skateboard.", "A skateboard and portrait photograph of a young man, on the floor.", "a skateboard and a framed portrait leaning against a wall", "A photo and a skateboard sitting on the floor."]
["Columns of black motorcycles in front of very old buildings.", "A group of motorcycles park in a parking lot. ", "Motorcycles arranged in several rows in a parking lot. ", "A bunch of bikers riding towards some very old buildings.", "a large group of motorcycles in a parking l"]
["A triple screen computer set up on a desk next to a bed", "A bedroom with a desk, computer, bed, and other items. ", "A computer desk with three separate monitors on it.", "Interior bedroom shot of computer screens near a leather chair to the left of an unmade bed.", "Three desktop screens that are on a table."]
["A basket filled with ripe bananas on top of a table.", "A small basket with three bananas in it on a table.", "A basket of over ripened bananas is in on the table.", "A brown basket with three old bananas. ", "Some ripe bananas are in a brown wicker basket."]
["A motorcycle parked on a grass covered field.", "A MIRROR OF A BIKE IN THE GRASS ", "The side view mirror of a motorcycle reflects a house and tree.", "Reflection of a house and tree in a motorcycle mirror", "The handle of a motorcycle motorcycle mirror is displaying a tree and house in the background."]
["a man sitting on a bench looking a bit like forrest gump ", "A man dressed as Forest Gump on a park bench. ", "A man with a cream suit sitting on a bench", "A man sitting on a wooden bench with a suitcase and a box on his lap.", "A man sitting on a bench in a suit with sneakers on. "]
["A cat walking on the top of an open door.", "A kitten has climbed up on a door jam.", "A can walking on a railing in a home painted yellow.", "A small cat looking over a ledge onto the ground. ", "A kitty cat walks along the edge of a ledge."]
["A close up shot of what appears to be an air plane. ", "A large metal shiny airplane with a open door.", "a silver and red airplane and its door is open ", "A chrome covered plane with a view of the cockpit from the wing.", "a large airplane with its door wide open"]
["The toy motorcycle sitting up like it is parked.", "A green, blue and silver motorcycle with its kickstand out. ", "a close up of a motorcycle parked under a structure ", "A small model of a Ducati motorcycle is photographed.", "A motorcycle parked next to a bunch of  other motorcycles."]
["One white motorcycle and one green motorcycle parked on the road", "Two motorcycles parked on black pavement side by side.", "Two different motorcycles angle parked on a street.", "Two motorcycles are parked next to one another.", "A pair of cruising motorcycles seem from above parked on black asphalt."]
["there is a small dog that is looking threw the glass", "A puppy staring through a red sectioned window.", "A dog looks through ribbed glass in a red door.", "A dog looks out through a lined window. ", "a dog who looks sad stares outside of the window of a red door "]
["A man that is sitting on a motorcycle.", "A man wearing a helmet on top of a motorcycle.", "A man sits on a motorcycle near a building.", "a person riding a motorcycle near a building ", "A man who is sitting on a motorcycle."]
["A brown purse is sitting on a green bench.", "a brown purse abandoned on a green bench.", "A woman's purse sitting on a park bench.", "A leather purse laying on it's side on a green metal bench.", "A purse sits alone on a park bench."]
["A man is sitting in a beige chair in a living room", "A man sitting in a living room with a television and sofa.", "The man is watching television in the living room. ", "a living room with a couch a tv and a fire place", "Man sitting in a messy living room with couch, chair, and media center."]
["A man is walking down the street in front of a red door.", "A man walking on the sidewalk next to a suitcase leaning against a lamp.", "A man walking down the sidewalk, and a blue briefcase in front of a post.", "A blue suitcase is leaning against a post on the street while a man walks by.", "A man walking past a suitcase and street lamp"]
["On a TV screen, a dog is lying on the floor in front of a large picture with a dog's head on it.", "A dog sits next to a giant dog painting", "a dog is laying in front of a painting of a dog", "A dog lying on a floor next to a large image of a dog.", "Large sized dog laying down on the floor next to a large painting of the dog laying down."]
["White airplane with a band's name on the side. ", "An airplane that is sitting at the runway at the airport. ", "a jet airplane standing at rest on the ground inside a secure area", "The Iron Maiden tour plane behind a wire fence. ", "This is Iron Maiden's private airplane that they used for their Final Frontier World Tour."]
["A man standing on a plane wing to board the plane.", "An aeroplane in the airport.A person is sitting on its wing doing some repair.", "A blue, yellow, red and white plane at a fueling station.", "A man is working on a multi color airplane.", "Small yellow plane with red, white and blue stripes, parked with mechanic checking it out."]
["A jet airliner flying over a building with sky in background.", "The airplane is flying really close to the tower. ", "A passenger jet flying over a building on a cloudy day.", "An airplane flying over the top of a building.", "A jet flying above an office building on a cloudy day."]
["A large plane flies in the sky while a reflection shines from the wings.", "An airplane flying through the sky with a rainbow effect coming off the wings", "Contrails can be seen from a descending jet. ", "Sunlight blurs the view as it reflects from the body of a jet airplane that has it's landing wheels out.", "A jet engine plane in flight on a sunny day."]
["A person resting their head on a pillow next to an airplane window.", "A woman sleeping on a plane with a window view of the wing.", "The woman lies her head on a pillow while looking out of the airplane window.", "A woman lays against a pillow while flying on a plane.", "A woman inside an airplane lying her head on a pillow near the window. "]
["A large passenger airplane flying through the air.", "There is a GOL plane taking off in a partly cloudy sky.", "An airplane that is, either, landing or just taking off.", "An red and white airplane is in the cloudy sky.", "A passenger plane taking off into the sky. "]
["A couple of planes that are out in the airport.", "A couple of airplanes parked stationary on a lot.", "Airplanes out on the runway at the airport", "A jumbo jet airplane being carried  by a machine through the airport.", "Several airplanes were on the runway under clouds."]
["A white air plane flying in the air with its landing gear.", "An airplane is ascending in flight towards the sky.", "A large passenger jet flying through a cloudy sky.", "A Star Alliance plane noses upwards as it takes off into the skies.", "An airplane is in the process of climbing. "]
["A big commercial plane flying in cloudy skies.", "a big airplane flying by on a cloudy day", "A plane with its landing gear out flying through the air.", "A larger commercial jet is flying in the air.", "a large air plane flying in the sky"]
["Two green and white jetliners sitting on top of an airport runway.", "A couple of passenger planes taxi on the runway of an airfield.", "Two large green and white jumbo jet planes on the tarmac.", "Two white and green airplanes are on the runway.", "This is an image of two planes at the airport."]
["Airplanes set to take off at a city airport", "many different air planes on an air port run way", "Airplanes at an airport with the city scape in the background.", "two airplanes sit at airport terminals as another plane prepares to take off", "three airplanes that are landed near a large city "]
["A giraffe leaning up to a tree to chew on a branch.", "A giraffe is standing outside near stone steps. ", "a closeup of a giraffe that's in a man made pen", "a big giraffe stands on some stone steps ", "A giraffe stands in a zoo enclosure with zebras in the background."]
["A woman with large breast, sitting next to a fedora hat.", "a woman wearing a hat sitting on a bench with some other hats ", "The woman in the yellow dress is sitting beside the window", "A woman in a yellow dress sitting outside.", "Woman wearing yellow dress sitting outside of urban business."]
["A jetliner sitting on top of an airport tarmac.", "The people are coming down the stairs from the plane.", "People getting off of an airplane at the airport.", "People make their way off a plane towards the airport.", "People getting off of an airplane sitting on the tarmac."]
["Cars and traffic signals light up the streets at night around a busy intersection.", "Car headlights and brake lights in X form with night view", "A traffic light and some cars on a city street.", "A busy intersection with traffic captured in motion.", "A long exposure of a busy city intersection."]
["A small white plane sitting on top of the ocean.", "A plane that has landed in the water.", "A seaplane in the water near a pier.  ", "A plane is sitting on the dock on the water.", "a sea plane near a harbor in a body of water"]
["A police vehicle is driving on a city street.", "A  marked police car driving through an intersection.", "a police car that is parked at a light", "A police car next to a pickup truck at an intersection.", "A police car driving from a traffic light onto a road."]
["Cars driving on a road near a traffic light.", "A street with a traffic light under a cloudy sky.", "A traffic light over a city road with cars.", "The sky looks like a storm is coming.", "A traffic light with stormy skies in the background."]
["The view from the commercial airplane includes the wing and mountains and water. ", "a very large airplane that is flying over some mountains", "THERE IS AN AIR PLANE IN THE SKY ", "A view of the end of an airplane in the sky over mountains.", "The back end of a plane is seen flying over the mountains."]
["A man is herding some sheep and with a black dog. ", "A shepherd works with a dog to herd five sheep. ", "A dog and a man are herding sheep.", "A man with five running goats and a dog.", "A dog trainer training six dogs in a garden."]
["A man walking around with his dog and sheep.", "A man walking across a field holding a wand near a dog.", "A man is standing in a field with a dog and goat.", "A man is training a sheepdog for a sheepdog trial.", "Man with golf club and a dog and a goat"]
["a man standing next to sheep on a lush green park.", "Man standing next to goats and a dog in a park. ", "A person is on a field with a dog and sheep.", "A man is protecting his herd from danger.", "a man trying to heard some goats in a field."]
["an airplane taking off with one waiting to take off", "A small aircraft is beginning to lift up off of the tarmac.", "A small plane takes off from an airport strip.", "an airplane is taking off from the runway", "a small plane taking off from an air port run way"]
["The air plane is traveling down the runway at the airport. ", "A single propeller airplane on the runway ready for takeoff.", "A small propeller airplane sitting on top of an airport runway.", "An old style airplane that is on the runway.", "An airplane sitting on concrete near some hills."]
["A mean leaning against a metal rail next to an airport.", "A man is standing at a railing overlooking a tarmac.", "A man standing at a railing overlooking an airstrip.", "A man standing on a balcony overlooking an airport.", "Several men and women standing on a balcony watching planes on a runway."]
["the small plane is hanging in a building ", "A propellor boat plane hanging from the ceiling of an indoor mall", "A small yellow and red plane hangs suspended indoors. ", "The airplane was hung inside the building for display.", "a propeller plane sits hoisted inside of a building "]
["Three people are sitting on a bench looking over a pier.", "Three people sitting on a bench, looking at colorful boats in a harbor.", "three people seated on a bench located on a boarwalk", "Three people sitting on a wooden bench underneath two trees.", "Three men are sitting on a bench watching the boats in the dock."]
["A couch and table sits outside with fake sheep.", "A sheep designed couch outside surrounded by real sheep", "Several black and white sheep near a sofa in a field.", "A group of sheep standing around a couch and table.", "furniture shaped like sheep on a open field"]
["The older woman is admiring the peacock walk.", "A woman sits on a bench and watches a duck walk near by.", "A elderly lady watching a bird under a tree. ", "Elderly woman sitting on a park bench in front of a bird.", "an old woman sitting on a bench next to a bird on the ground "]
["Boy sitting on a bench with an angry birds toy reading a book.", "A child reading a book with an Angry Birds plushie", "A person sitting on a bench with a book.", "A boy reading his book while sitting on a bench.", "A young man with a stuffed animal is reading on a bench."]
["A giraffe walking in a field with gazelle's looking on. ", "A giraffe walks through a field near two antelope.", "A giraffe walking next to a couple of wild deer.", "A GIRAFFE STANDING NEAR TO TWO DEER IN A SEMI-ARID GRASSLAND.", "A giraffe walking through a grassland with gazelles and mountains behind it."]
["a sidewalk with standing street lights on at night.", "A circle in the middle of a parking lot.", "A parking area with trees next to a stadium.", "A quiet city is illuminated by numerous streetlamps. ", "Night view of empty street all lit up"]
["An airplane taking off from an airport at night.", "A jet airliner in night sky with buildings below.", "Underside of a passenger jet flying low to the ground at night.", "A passenger jet is taking off at night.", "Passenger plane taking off the runway at night"]
["A clock hanging off the side of a  all building.", "Several tall architectural structures that have many windows. ", "A full view of the buildings in the downtown area. ", "Many large buildings located behind a traffic light.", "The outside of various buildings with concrete and glass exterior. "]
["A traffic light on green with several traffic signs surrounding it", "Traffic signals and street signs at a city intersection.", "A stoplight showing green next to a street sign that says no parking.", "A city traffic light and street signs are pictured.", "The traffic signal is next to a couple of street signs on a pole. "]
["An adorable leashed dog sitting on a bench.", "A dog laying on a bench in front of a garden.", "A dog on a leash lounges on a bench outdoors.", "A dog sitting on a bench in front of a garden.", "A dog sitting on a park bench in front of a fenced garden."]
["A pretty young lady holding a black umbrella.", "A woman crossing the street carrying an umbrella", "A woman talking a microphone while holding un umbrella next to a bunch of balloons.", "A woman stands in the rain beside balloons", "an  image of a woman carrying an umbrella"]
["a small boy standing in front of a boat", "A young boy wearing a hat that looks sad.", "A bot stands in front of a bus, while other men look on.", "A young boy in a sweatshirt and baseball cap by a bus", "a couple of people that are standing next to a bus"]
["A big rock walkway is on a hill beside the ocean.", "A small road near an ocean cliff side. ", "A road running along side a rocky shore next to the ocean.", "A wall cutting through a large hill by the water.", "A hillside near the ocean with a large wall and possibly a road constructed into the hill."]
["Signs with red men for go and stop", "a stop light with 2 lit up people figures", "A close up of a traffic light at night", "Two red pedestrian light signals one atop the other", "Two pedestrian walk signals are lit up at night."]
["A man sitting on a park bench reading a book.", "An elderly man sitting on a bench reading.", "Old man wearing a cap sits on a bench to read a book", "there is a older man sitting on a bench reading", "A man sitting on top of a blue bench."]
["A couple of trucks on a city street.", "A bunch of vehicles in an Asian city.", "Empty van and a truck stationary on the street.", "The city streets have a high amount of traffic today. ", "A street scene with a closeup on a van and a truck."]
["An umbrella lies behind a park bench that a small television is on.", "Television on park bench near umbrella near trees.", "A park bench with a tv on it and an umbrella next to it.", "A television sitting on a bench with an umbrella lying behind it.", "A umbrella that is behind a bench with a television on it."]
["a car is sitting at a red light in traffic", "A car waits in traffic at a red light", "Vehicles on road with traffic signals at intersection.", "cars are stopped at the traffic light on the road", "A picture of traffic from the front car window."]
["a jeep driving up to another car. ", "A small vehicle travels behind another in the desert.", "A white vehicle sitting on the side of the road.", "A truck is parked on the side of a road near a bus.", "a jeep is driving up along side another vehicle"]
["The windows of a railroad train photographed against a cloudy background.", "Outside of the window a picture is taken of the sky, clouds and sun.", "Clouds are floating in the blue sky above a building.", "A building is in front of the sky.", "Clouds are being reflected in a building's windows. "]
["A train traveling through rural green country side.", "A huge grassy field a seen from a vehicle.", "A brown truck riding down a dirt road near a grassy field.", "A field of grass can be seen from the window. ", "The view of a field from a bus driving down a dirt road."]
["A bus with passengers traveling down a dusty road.", "A view outside the window of a vehicle traveling down a dirt road.", "Person's hand sticking out the window of a vehicle traveling on a dirt road.", "a close up of people in a bus near windows on a dirt road", "A shot of a field and road taken from outside of a vehicle window."]
["A tennis player wears a headset while taking a break.", "A man sitting on top of a bench in front of a camera.", "The man is sitting down resting after his tennis match.", "A tennis player in headphones slouches on a bench.", "A tennis player takes a break while listening on his headphones."]
["A man sitting on top of a purple bench on a tennis court.", "a man sitting on a bright purple bench ", "A guy sitting on a big bright purple bench with some headphones.", " a person sitting in a chair on a tennis court with a head set on his head", "A man sits on a bench on the side of a court. "]
["Two tennis players are sitting on the bench.", "Two tennis players sitting on a bench talking", "A coach talking to a tennis player sitting on a bench during a tennis event.", "A tennis player is seated on the bench ", "A man sitting on a white bench atop a tennis court."]
["A taxi cab that is sitting in the street.", "Large line of Taxi cabs in a very busy well lit town.", "A taxi is seen waiting for a passenger ", "A red taxi cab driving down a city street at night.", "A taxi cab that driving down the street."]
["A girl eating an apple and reading on a bench.", "a female is sitting on a bench eating an apple", "A woman sits outside on a bench and reads.", "A woman sitting on top of a bench with a book.", "A girl sitting on a bench reading, a book in one hand and half of an apple in her other hand, with her legs crossed, and another bench, grass, and a building behind her."]
["The inside of a building is shown with benches.", "a lit archway with a carving of people inside a town square", "A covered walkway illuminated by yellow lights in a city.", "inside of a building with lit arch ways", "A dramatic and glowing bit of European architecture."]
["A woman holding an umbrella in the rain ", "a man that is standing out side in the rain", "A woman with an umbrella standing on a street corner in the rain.", "A woman standing on a wet sidewalk holding an umbrella.", "A woman holds an umbrella on a rainy day in the street."]
["A group of people next to a bus with skis and backpacks.", "A snowy slope with group of people standing around luggage.", "The group of people are boarding the bus. ", "a bunch of people are together in the snow ", "There are some ski supplies set up on a slope"]
["A small house with a wooden door and a wooden balcony.", "A house with a door, several windows, and a balcony.", "a two story house with a fancy door and a balcony", "The front of a house that has a balcony on the second floor ", "A small house with a small wooden balcony. "]
["a big park bench that is next to a building", "A wooden bench reflected in a large window.", "A park bench and several chairs overlaid with a reflection of a building and a tree.", "A city scene with a building, a chair, a bench and a tree.  ", "A bench in th side of a city street next to a window"]
["A man sitting at a park working on a laptop computer.", "A man who is on a lap top computer next to a tree.", "A person with a book squatted under a tree.", "a person siting down reading near a tree", "a man is crouched over his laptop in a field"]
["A crowd of people walking along a river next to street lights.", "An aerial view of a lot of people on a bridge.", "People walking along a riverside park with benches", "Many people are walking around in a plaza.", "Some people standing on a sidewalk near some water"]
["A full view of a nice and comfortable bed with pillows. ", "A hotel room with a bed, chair, desk and an end table.", "A white bed topped with both white and brown pillows.", "a yellow wall and a white bed in a room", "a bed, chair, and desk in a carpeted living room"]
["A double deck tour bus riding below the Big Ben Clock Tower.", "A red double decker bus driving past a clock", "A red double decker bus driving past the Big Ben clock tower.", "Clock tower overlooking a red shuttle bus outside.", "A bus is traveling next to a tower with a clock."]
["Two benches on opposite sides of a grave pathway in a park with flowers in bloom.", "Flowers along rocky path with glass building and walking people", "People walk in a garden with benches and flowers.", "People standing in gravel area next to a greenhouse.", "Two wooden park benches perpendicular from one another in a garden. "]
["there is a man wearing a suit sitting on a street bench", "A man is sitting outside on a bench", "Man sitting alone on a bench near a bike rack.", "A man sitting on a concrete bench on a sidewalk", "The man sits on a cement sidewalk bench."]
["two giraffes playing in their sandbox exhibit ", "Two giraffes standing together as a third watches from behind a wall.", "A couple of giraffe standing next to each other.", "A few giraffes at a zoo, two of which seem to be nuzzling one another", "Two giraffes standing around in an enclosed area."]
["Two giraffes are in a fenced in area that has a few sparse trees near it.", "Two giraffes standing in an inclosure at a zoo.", "A picture of some giraffes in a wonderful looking zoo. ", "Two giraffes standing in an enclosure at the zoo.", "Two giraffes in their cages in a zoo."]
["Two giraffes are standing outside of a door.", "A family of giraffe standing next to a doorway in a building.", "Several giraffes manage to hide the crevasse between two buildings", "Two adult giraffes with one baby giraffe standing near a doorway.", "a family of giraffes standing next to a brick building."]
["A couple of giraffe standing next to a doorway.", "these two giraffes are enjoying a walk together", "An adult giraffe with a young one walking outside in a cage while another one is in a building", "Giraffes standing outside in front of a brick wall. ", "A mom giraffe escorting her newborn around a fenced in area."]
["a park bench that has some trees around it", "A black and white photo with a bench and a light pole.", "An empty bench along side a trail of trees in a park with a house in the background. ", "there is a bench in the middle of many trees", "A seating bench in a park by a lake."]
["A bench that has fallen apart, sitting in a forest.", "A wood bench near dirt, grass, trees and a log.", "A wooden picnic table sitting in the woods.", "A wooden bench is sitting in the woods.", "A picnic table with benches in a clearing in the woods."]
["A yellow school bus driving past a traffic light.", "a yellow school bus that is parked out side", "The school bus has stopped at the appropriate house.", "a yellow school bus show an emergency door behind", "The back end of a yellow school bus."]
["A row of empty benches alongside a road.", "empty messy park benches along side a street", "Empty wooden bench with piles of twigs in front of some parked cars.", "People walking through an area containing several benches", "some benches with some twigs and leaves and some people"]
["Two blue park benches on a beach facing the ocean.", "A group of benches and chairs sitting on the beach.", "Two blue benches on the sand at the beach.", "big blue chairs sitting by each other on the beach ", "Two wooden chairs under shelters with no covers at the beach."]
["The shoreline of a beach on a cloudy day. ", "A beach front with buildings and park benches nearby.", "Storm clouds on a sandy beach on the coastline", "There several benches that are located near these railings on a beach.", "A row of benches sitting sitting on a beach."]
["A stop light that has a street sign on it.", "A street sign named balloon museum site on the pole.", "A picture of a street sign that says \"Balloon Museum\".", "A tall street light, camera, street sign combined into one.", "A street sign next to a streetlight and camera"]
["A bus and truck driving down a busy city street.", "A very busy city street with buses, vans, and semis.", "A white and blue bus on street with buildings in background.", "a city bus is going down a street", "A transit bus riding down a busy city street."]
["Three women that are sitting on a bench.", "A few girls sitting on a bench over look the city", "Three people sit on a wooden bench overlooking a woody hillside.", "The rear of three women's heads are shown as they sit on a bench over a grassy mountain.", "a group of women sit on a wooden bench "]
["a large blue and white house on a hill near cattle pastures ", "some grassy fields where animals are grazing by some mountains", "a number of animals on a field with mountains in the background", "A green pasture in front of a large mountain", "The animals are grazing  the grassy scenic area."]
["A traffic light sitting next to a chair on a hard wood floor.", "A leather chair sitting next to a street light to compare the size.", "A disassembled traffic light next to a chair in a warehouse.", "A stop light and a home built chair on a brick floor", "A stop light is on the ground by a ratty chair."]
["Two jack o lanterns are outside on a rail.", "a pumpkin dressed  figure sitting outside a building", "Two pumpkins outside of a brick building ", "A pumpkin man sitting on top of a bench with a pumpkin head in it's lap.", "Pumpkin head Halloween decorations sit on a bench."]
["Cars have stopped for a red light at the top of a hill. ", "A cloudy sky is reflected in the rear view mirror of a car. ", "Cars stopped at a light signal in a neighborhood ", "A drivers side rear view mirror on an auto waiting at a red traffic light.", "Two cars drive along a street past palm trees on a cloudy day."]
["A car is waiting beside people standing on the sidewalk.", "The man is standing on the side walk ", "A man stands next to a building as a car pulls out towards the street.", "A car at a crosswalk with a man in uniform standing by.", "a car is rolling past a police officer"]
["Three sheep are standing on a rock of a hill. ", "Three sheep standing together in a grassy field.", "Many sheep sit on a ledge in a field", "A herd of white sheep standing on a green hillside.", "Three mountain goats on a rock with grass around it."]
["The stop light has a picture of a bike. ", "a close up of a traffic with trees in the background ", "THIS IS A YELLOW STOP LIGHT WITH A BICYCLE SIGNAL", "a traffic light in front of trees with no leaves", "A stoplight that has a bicycle on it."]
["A fire hydrant in front of an empty sidewalk.", "A city street with a sidewalk area and and a yellow fire hydrant on next to the street.", "The sidewalk of a busy street has a yellow fire hydrant on it.", "A sidewalk with a yellow and blue fire hydrant on it.", "An empty sidewalk next to some buildings in a town."]
["a line of red double decker buses driving down the road ", "Three red buses are parked along the street.", "Three pink double decker buses are driving in a single file line. ", "Three double decker busses cruise down the street.", "A group of people drive a big bus down the city"]
["a couple of buses that are lined up by some buildings", "Some busses are parked along the city curb.", "Buses parked along a curb beside old buildings ", "A red double decker bus is in front of a white bus on the side of a road. ", "there are many double decker busses along this street", "A couple of red double decker buses sandwiching a small white bus."]
["A red fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.", "Sidewalk under construction with safety cones by the fire hydrant.", "A fire hydrant blocked off on the side of a road. ", "Caution markers are on concrete blocks near a fire hydrant.", "A fire hydrant has been spray painted white at the bottom."]
["A red fire hydrant sitting next to a wooden wall.", "THIS IS A REALLY NEAT PHOTO AND IT HAS A FIRE HYDRANT ALSO", "a window next to a wall and red fire hydrant. ", "A red fire hydrant in front of a wooden fence and window.", "A red fire hydrant and table with a window back in front of a post fence."]
["A small white dog standing next to a red fire hydrant.", "a dog that is standing next to a big pole", "small white dog by green post on brick sidewalk", "A dog attached to a fire hydrant near a brick building.", "A small hairy dog has his pick of hydrants."]
["A furry dog standing next to a fire hydrant.", "A small dog standing next to a fire hydrant and two green poles.", "Little white dog tied to a fire hydrant on a brick sidewalk.", "A dog is ties to a fire hydrant and looking ", "The small white and black dog stands next to a red fire hydrant."]
["A dog standing next to a fire hydrant on a sidewalk.", "A dog standing by a fire hydrant and a pair of posts in front of a brick wall.", "a little dog standing by a tall green pole ", "A white dog and red fire hydrant on a brick sidewalk.", "A dog on a leash attached to a fire hydrant."]
["an open fire hydrant near a city street", "A fire hydrant that was left open and froze. ", "A fire hydrant with frozen water hanging from it.", "A black fire hydrant spills water on a sidewalk and down the curb.", "a sidewalk with a fire hydrant and ice"]
["A yellow fire hydrant sitting in front of a white fence.", "A fire hydrant next to a white picket fence", "A house with a picket white fence some flowers and a yellow fire hydrant.", "A house surrounded by a fence, some trees, and a fire hydrant. ", "a house with a white picked fence around it."]
["A young woman sits on a bench with shopping bags.", "A woman looks at her phone while sitting on a public bench.", "A woman in black sits at a bench and looks at her phone.", "a woman sitting on a bench looking at her cell phone", "A black and white photo shows a woman sitting on a bench."]
["A herd of sheep laying next to each other on lush green grass.", "A mother sheep laying in a field with two babies", "Three sheep all laying next to each other in a grassy area", "Two small white she eps sitting underneath a larger one on a field. ", "A group of three sheep lie down in a field."]
["People sitting on benches next to each other.", "A group of men sitting on benches next to a  building.", "A group of elderly people sit on benches.", "A line of people sitting on benches in a courtyard.", "several elderly europeans sitting on a bench and chatting"]
["There are four sheep in the grassy field. ", "A grass field with several cheep standing and grazing in the field.", "A couple of animals that are in the grass.", "three sheep graze in a meadow with a hill", "Sheep graze and relax in a large grassy field"]
["The park bench sits along the path under the trees.", "A bench in a park with trees in the background.", "An empty park bench next to a tree lined path.", "A wooden bench sitting along side of a dirt road.", "A wooden bench by some trees in the grass."]
["A lady doing something with animals in an enclosed area.", "A man in a corral with a group of sheep and a herding dog.", "Black and white photo of  woman pushing away a dog with broom.", "A lady is trying to rake near some sheep and a dog. ", "The person and the dog are herding animals in the pen."]
["Several white sheep grazing on grass and clover.", "some sheep are eating grass in a field", "Several white cows are grazing in an open field.", "A herd of sheep grazing on a green field.", "a few animals that are eating some grass"]
["A double decker bus with a man posing by the door.", "A very colorful and cool looking bus that is parked.", "A school bus turned tour bus is painted in wild rainbow colors and graphics. ", "A man leans near the door of a creatively painted tour bus. ", "man getting off bus that is painted red, yellow & blue."]
["A man with safety equipment next to a fallen tree and red fire hydrant.", "A worker standing next to a tree that's been chopped down. ", "A man standing by a tree and a fire hydrant.", "The man is cutting down the trees around the red fire hydrant. ", "The man is cutting trees down outside. "]
["Two sheep in a muddy area with a  wall in the background.", "A pair of sheep standing by a brick wall.", "A wooly adult sheep and a young sheep in a shadow by a brick wall.", "Two sheep sit in the shade by a wall.", "The two sheep are standing in the shade. "]
["Vehicles are traveling down a snow covered hill. ", "Picture of snow Innetowne with cars traveling slowly", "A view of a road, with cars passing down in a blurry picture.", "Cars driving on a road that has snow on it.", "A lightly snowed street with a few cars"]
["The animals are grazing and eating in the grass.", "a number of animals in a field near bushes ", "some animals are off grazing in a grassy field", "Goats grazing in distance in green landscape on side of hill.", "A field on a hill with goats grazing."]
["A man is shearing a sheep on a concrete pad.", "A man is cutting the hair of the sheep", "A man shearing a sheep, wool scattered around.", "The man is shaving the sheep hair outside.", "A young blonde boy sheers the wool of a sheep."]
["A huge group of scattered out sheep are in the field. ", "A heard of cattle are grazing on the open field.", "A herd of assorted livestock graze calmly in a bucolic green field.", "Different colored sheep grazing in a green field", "A large herd of multicolored sheep are grazing everywhere."]
["There is no pattern to these four photos.", "Colorful blown glass humming hang from a ceiling while a cat looks into a fish tank.", "Four diffrent photos of objects and a cat .", "Four pictures of some animals and fake ones.", "some hummingbird decorations an aquarium and a cat"]
["An opened fire hydrant spewing water into the street.", "An open fire hydrant spraying water onto a quiet street.", "A busted fire hydrant spewing water all over the street.", "A fire hydrant gushing out water on the street.", "The water is spraying out of the fire hydrant.  "]
["Four lambs standing on a hill top with trees.", "The lambs are walking close together on a dirt hill.", "Four fluffy white lambs walking across a dirt embankment", "A group of four sheep on a hill.", "a small group of sheep standing on a small hill"]
["A parakeet perching atop a pair of used Vans shoes.", "A bird perched on a pair of brown shoes.", "A grey and white Cockatiel standing on a grey pair of Vans shoes.", "A parakeet perched on a pair of sneakers left on a carpet", "A small bird is perched on top of a shoe."]
["A light brown bird perched on a cup someone is holding with trees in the background.", "A bird sitting on the edge of a cup being held by someone's hand. ", "Bird sitting on edge of ceramic cup being held by human hand.", "An exotic looking bird sitting on a cup in a persons hand.", "A bird is perched on a container in a person's hand."]
["three sheep standing next to each other in a field", "three sheep in a field of dry grass ", "Three shaved sheeps walking together in a field.", "Three recently sheered sheep walking together in a field.", "Three sheep walking on a grassy patch standing from shortest to tallest."]
["A lamb standing in the middle of a lush green field.", "Sheep are standing and grazing in the grass.", "Sheep looking around and grazing in their enclosure.", "A group of fluffy sheep in a big grassy field.", "Three sheep grazing in a fenced in enclosure."]
["Giraffe standing on a grass covered field next to a hill.", "Two giraffe are a dry plain in Africa, one is walking the other is standing.", "Two giraffes in dry vegetation walking in a field below a mountain.", "Two giraffes grazing the in wilderness with a mountain in the background", "Two giraffes are standing in a brown field."]
["A city street with cars and a bus on it.", "A street with traffic signs, busses and cars.", "The traffic is busy during this time of day. ", "several cars and buses traveling through down town", "A street filled with traffic and a very long bus."]
["A close up of a country sign, the picture is a personified bus that is freaking out because it is about to hit a biker, and the sign below reads 'danger traversee de route'.", "A sign that warns of dangers on a route.", "Road sign in English and French warning of bicycles crossing oncoming traffic.", "A traffic sign warning vehicles of crossing bicyclist.", "an image of a danger sign for bikers"]
["The back end of a bus with a Bus Stop sign in the foreground.", "a blue bus stop sign on a street", "Intersection of busy city on snowy frilled day.", "A bus stop sign that is on a pole.", "A city bus has passed a bus stop. "]
["A Stop sign saying to stop all war at intersection.", "A sign saying \"all war\" was placed underneath a stop sign.", "multiple traffic signs on one pole most important stop\n\n", "A stop sign with two street signs on top of it. ", "A red stop sign with a blue street sign on top of it."]
["Three captive giraffes are standing about in a zoo.", "The three giraffes stand outdoors next to each other.", "Three giraffes grazing in the grass and standing side by side", "Three giraffes in a yard, two of which are eating grass", "A pack of giraffes are standing in a field."]
["A rural intersection with a stop sign that reads, 'don't STOP believing\".", "A traffic sign at an intersection with spray paint on it. ", "A stop sign on a  country road is made to say something else. ", "Stop sign with \"dont\" and \"believin\" spraypainted on it", "A stop sign that has been vandalized with graffiti."]
["A stop sign and street signs next to a brick building.", "a few colorful street signs sitting next to a building", "A stop sign outside of a brick building.", "A red stop sign sitting under two street signs.", "a close up of a sotp sign and a street sign"]
["a giraffe reaching up to eat some grass from a cage ", "A giraffe eating food out of a metal cage.", "A giraffe is eating grass out of a basket. ", "A giraffe licks food out of a pen. ", "A tall giraffe is eating out of a basket."]
["A bird sitting on a sandy beach next to the ocean.", "A bird walks by itself on the beach.", "a bird on a beach with a ship in the back ground", "a single little bird walking on the sand ", "a seagull on a beach near a large body of water"]
["A bird with a bright beak standing by the waves", "A bird with a long red beak standing in shallow water.", "A bird stands on the sand by the water.", "A bird with a long orange beak standing on a beach.", "A bird on a beach, standing on wet sand."]
["There are many birds flying above the water.", "a lake that has some birds flying over top", "a number of birds flying over a body of water ", "Several white birds are flying over the ocean.", "The ocean shoreline that has the tide pushing up towards the sand and seagulls flying low over the water."]
["Signs posted in front of a municipal complex.", "a coupkle of signs on sign boards ", "An advertisement for an upcoming program at a municipal center.", "Signs advertising library events at the edge of a town", "A collection of signs displayed on a public lawn."]
["A wooden box filled with birds and rabbits.", "A small box of parakeets and rabbits for sale", "A small wooden box filled with rabbits and birds.", "a group of little animals standing around on display", "A bunch of small birds and rodents in a small box with straw in it."]
["A woman petting a giraffe inside of a building.", "a woman pets a giraffe as other people look over the balcony ", "A woman that is petting a giraffe behind a fence.", "A woman that is standing next to a giraffe.", "The lady pets the head of the giraffe at the pavilion."]
["Large giraffe standing in the shade underneath a tree in a field. ", "A huge giraffe walking along the grass and rocks.", "A giraffe standing in the shade of a near by tree.", "a giraffe standing in the shade in a grassy field", "A giraffe is standing in a field of grass."]
["A small bird standing on a dock on the water.", "A water bird stands on a dock attached to a piling.  ", "A bird is standing on the end of a pier.", "a bird stands on a dock looking out to the water ", "A grey bird standing on pier next to water."]
["a street sign on a pole against the sky", "There is no image here to provide a caption for.", "There is a pole with two street name signs on it", "a close up of a street sign with a sky background", "a street sign crossing with the sky in the background "]
["A green and white street sign reading \"flaming lips alley.\"", "A street sign that reads flaming lips alley with a symbol on the left. ", "This is a street sign for Flaming Lips Alley, which must be somewhere in England because it sounds pretty gay.", "a street sign with trees in the background", "The street sign is next to a full tree."]
["A passenger train is going across a bridge", "A train is traveling over the bridge and water. ", "A passenger train takes the bridge over a small river.", "A train crossing a river on an old bridge", "A train with four cars crossing over a bridge."]
["A cake topped with M&Ms sitting on a tray.", "The birthday cake is a train carrying candy on it.", "a birthday cake with candy on top of it ", "Small train car shaped cake, filled with chocolate candies.", "A cake that has a name on it and candy on top."]
["A dog that is wearing a red hat.", "a person is petting a dog in a room", "The two images show a person petting a dog wearing a hat.", "Two pictures of a dog that is wearing a hat.", "A person putting a red hat on top of a dogs head."]
["A black and white dog wearing a Santa Claus hat lying on the floor.", "The dog is wearing a santa hat while laying down.", "A black and white dog lays on the floor while wearing a Santa hat.", "A dog lying on the floor wearing a Santa hat.", "A dog that is laying down wearing a hat."]
["A street sign next to a road in a grave yard.", "A street sign in a cemetery alongside a path.", "A black street sign by a quiet cemetery", "Wrought iron street marker reading \"Willow Ave.\" near a cemetery. ", "Rusted black street sign sitting at the front of a cemetery. "]
["this is a train coming down a set of rails", "Locomotive pulling rail cars on track in forested rural area.", "A black train traveling down tracks near a forest.", "a close up of a train on a track near trees ", "A steam engine locomotive moving down the tracks through the forest."]
["A herd of sheep are seen on a farm", "A group of sheep are out in the fog wandering.", "A herd of sheep grazing on a dry grass covered field.", "A group of sheep grazing on a bale of hay.", "a heard of sheep are eating some hay"]
["A bird flies over a large body of water. ", "A bird flying over a body of water.", "A bird with it's wings expanded, flying over water.", "a bird flying just above a body of water.", "THERE IS A BIRD THAT IS FLYING HIGH OVER THE WATER "]
["A young woman lays a hand on the neck of the horse she is riding.", "a cowgirl is riding a white horse and a sign ", "The girl is enjoying the ride on her horse.", "A black woman is riding a horse. ", "A woman rides a white horse through a market."]
["An old, weathered street sign that says One Way", "A red 'one way' street sign that has been weathered", "A dirt covered street sign sits on the side of the street.", "A red traffic sign in an area with lush vegetation.", "A neighborhood with a one way street sign. "]
["A large long train on a steel track.", "A steam locomotive on rail tracks by lake", "a close up of a train running on a train track", "A close up of a train on electric train tracks.", "Black smoke pours out of a coal-fired train engine."]
["Signs posted on poles on a sidewalk next to a street.", "Colorful red signs are on the light posts on a city street.", "A colorful political sign attached to a light pole on busy street", "CAMPAIGN SIGNS ATTACHED TO POLES NEXT TO A BUST STREET", "Signs for a politician hanging from street poles."]
["A tolley car on a brick street in an urban area.", "A bus traveling down a street next to a person walking across a street.", "A street train cart at a stop on a street.", "A person is crossing a street near a trolley.", "A train waiting on riders in empty street"]
["A hipster carrying an umbrella and a white hat.", "A man outside with an umbrella and a hat.", "There's a person leaning on his umbrella and a white wall", "Well-dressed young man elaborately posed with an umbrella. ", "A model dressed up and posing with an umbrella used like a cane."]
["There are stop signs and one way signs at this intersection.", "A collection of various street signs by a big building.", "a building with windows facing a street with lots of one way street signs and a stop sign", "Several \"One Way\" Signs are placed near an \"All Way\" Stop sign. ", "A stop sign on a pole in a street."]
["A cow standing next to a shelf with many drinks.", "A small cow stands near a market display of soda bottles.", "This cow is walking near a convenience store.", "A black and white cow on stairs in a market area.", "A steer standing next to a stand of assorted juices and drinks."]
["A man on a tennis court who has just returned a hit", "A male tennis player is in motion after hitting the ball", "A man swings a racket during a game.", "a tennis player leaning forward with a tennis racket", "A tennis player lurches forward after hitting the ball toward the other side. "]
["A sign for a state fair is under a street sign.", "a closeup of a street sign for \"Main Street\" with a sign for the Wisconsin State Fair", "A pole with signage and a banner with light at the top", "On main street is the Wisconsin state fair presented by U.S. Cellular.", "A green street sign with a banner hanging off of it's side."]
["A group of three dummy heads covered in hats.", "Three manican heads with hats and scarves on.", "Three mannequin heads with hats and scarfs and two have hair", "Three fake heads with hats and wigs on them.", "Many mannequin heads feature fashionable scarves and hats."]
["A bunch of statues that have hats on their head.", "Three mannequin heads that have hats and scarves on them.", "Women's hats on mannequin heads in a shop.", "three mannequin heads wearing hats near one another ", "A set of three dummy heads with hats on top of their heads."]
["The tiny bird is sitting on the rooftop statue.", "A bird sitting on a building, on top of a statue.", "a bird sitting on top of the roof of a building.", "A bird perches atop a dragon shaped roof decoration.", "A bird perched on the statue on top of a building."]
["A train traveling down train tracks through a countryside.", "A train riding along the tracks along a bank of dirt.", "An old train going down the train tracks.", "A train is on the tracks in a gully.", "a train rolls down a track in this black and white photo"]
["Man in hat standing in front of a blue train engine.", "A train conductor and his team performing maintenance on a locomotive.", "An older man holding on to a train.", "A man tinkers with what appears to be a train, another watches the camera", "an old person near a train with other people working on it"]
["black and white photo of two birds flying on a cloudy sky", "Two birds flying off in a gray sky.", "Two birds flying close to each other in a gray sky.", "Two birds flying through a  cloudy sky.", "TWO BIRDS FIGHTING HIGH IN THE SKY IN A BAD WEATHER."]
["A blue and white sign that doesn't allow something", "A road sign next to a building and tree", "A blue street sign sitting next to a brick building.", "A do not cross street sign on a city street.", "The blue sign has a red stripe through it."]
["A truck, largely covered in graffiti, is parked near a stop sign on a hill.", "A photo of a stop sign in front of a grafitied truck", "A Four way stop sign next to a truck. ", "A box truck that is sitting behind a stop sign.", "A delivery truck traveling down a street next to a stop sign."]
["A stop sign over a grassy area next to trees.", "a stop sign near a road near trees", "A stop sign on street overgrown with weeds", "A red stop sign sitting on the side of a road.", "A stop sign turned away from the road toward an overgrown roadside."]
["A stop sign with graffiti on it nailed to a pole. ", "The word \"Canada\" has been etched into a stop sign. ", "A red stop sign mounted to the side of a wooden pole.", "Altered red STOP sign attached to a wooden post. ", "There is a stop sign on the wooden post."]
["A trolley that has one of its doors open.", "A train with open doors waits at the station.", "A yellow and blue train with its doors open at a train station.", "A train at the station with the doors open.", "A train stopped at a train station with its doors open."]
["Red brick building painted to look like a smiling face. ", "A parking meter sitting on the side of a road covered in plastic wrap.", "TWO WINDOWS WITH A WHITE PAINTED SMILE AND A RED COVERED METER", "a vadalised building made to look as if it is smiling", "Brick wall and windows with white painted area made to look like face. "]
["Different types and sizes of parking meters on display.", "in front of a brick wall are gathered many parking meters", "Several different parking meters beside a brick building.", "A group of different parking meters displayed together.", "A row of parking meters next to a brick wall."]
["A wooden floor with a parking meter and trees.", "A wood platform with a meter on a forest trail.", "a trail with a wooden bridge in the middle of it ", "A parking meter at the corner of a deck in a garden.", "A wooden deck with a parking meter on it's corner."]
["A parking meter with two heads stands on the street.", "an old silver and brown double parking meter", "Old coin operated parking meters with the innards removed", "A double parking meter has a clear glass semicircle on the top half of each meter.", "A parking tole that is old ad somewhat rusted "]
["A car with a wheel lock on its wheel next to a parking meter.", "A vehicle parked on the street in front of a parking meter.", "Pole with a parking meter by the curb where a car is parked.", "It's illegal to put advertisements on public property like parking meters.", "a parking meter with some stickers on its pole and a silver car"]
["two mid size police vehicle parked with two man standing outside them", "Two men discussing something beside two police cars.", "A black police truck is parked next to a white police bus.", "two police trucks parked next to each other", "Two police officers are standing beside their vehicles. "]
["A truck that has boxes in the bed.", "A blue truck with boxes in the back of it. ", "a blue truck is parked next to a building", "A truck parked in front of a storage building.", "A blue truck is standing by the side of the building with a red door."]
["A STREET WITH CARS AND CONSTRUCTION WORKERS WORKING.", "A line of red trucks traveling down a road with lots of traffic.", "The dump trucks are lined up down the road.", "Several large red trucks driving down a street in procession.", "a city street with many vehicles on it"]
["A barn filled with cows and a few lights.", "View from large doorway of barn interior with hay, fence, windows, and a cow.", "A view of a cow sitting inside its pen, inside a building.", "A few cows in a pen through a doorway.", "Cows are visible in pens through a doorway."]
["An orange and white cat standing on top of a beach.", "A cat looking at a dog on a beach.", "a cat that is looking at a dog", "A cat is sitting on the beach looking at a dog. ", "this stray cat watches a dog walk by on the beach"]
["Two cats looking at a dog through an open fence.", "Two kittens look through a fence at a dog.", "an image of a dog and two cats looking thru a gate", "Two cats near a dog but separated by something.", "Two cats looking out of a window at a dog."]
["a Tuxedo kitten looking through a glass door at a dog.", "A dog and a cat looking at each other through a window", "a cat with its hair sticking out as it looks at a dog by the window \n", "A cat looking through a window at a dog.", "A brown dog looking at a cat through a window."]
["A black and white cat sitting on top of a pile of clothes.", "A cat that is sitting on a chair near a bag.", "A cat is curled up and sleeping on some clothes next to a backpack. ", "a cat sleeps next to a travel bag and clothes ", "A cat is sleeping among a pile of clothing."]
["A small lake with horses on grass and buildings.", "Cows grazing on grass near a river surrounding a city.", "A herd of cows grazing  on a hillside by a river with a town across the river.", "there is a large river with houses on one side and animals on the other", "Animals in front of a body of water and buildings."]
["Two cows standing on a dirt road next to wild green brush.", "Two cows standing on the side of a dirt road near grassy hills.", "Two cows standing on the dirt road by grass", "cows standing by each other by some plants ", "A couple of animals that are walking in the dirt."]
["A cat curled next to various items and accessories. ", "The orange cat is lying on a blue bag.", "an orange cat is curled up on backpacks", "a cat laying on top of a bag on the floor", "An orange cat laying on a colorful backpack."]
["A white cat standing on top of a suitcase.", "A cat climbing on top of a suitcase.", "A white cat standing on a black suitcase.", "A white cat standing on top of a suitcase.", "A white cat standing on a luggage bag that is unzipped and laying on the floor."]
["A long haired, black cat with yellow eyes lays on a black suitcase.", "A black and brown cat sitting on a suitcase.", "a cat laying on a pad on the floor", "A large fluffy cat laying down on top of a bed.", "A cat is staring while sitting on a suitcase."]
["Calico cat yawning and laying on a gray seat.", "A calico cat yawns while reclining on a chair.", "A calico kitten sitting on a cozy bed", "A black, white and orange cat yawning and shedding it's fur. ", "The cat is yawning while laying on top of a chair."]
["A black cat rubbing up against a bottle of wine.", "A black cat and a bottle of wine.", "A cat is walking past a bottle on a counter", "close up of a black cat neat a bottle of wine", "A black cat walks gingerly around an empty wine bottle."]
["The pickup truck has a storage compartment on the bed.", "A white truck has a vision sign on it.", "A white truck parked in a parking lot.", "A small, Nissan business van for a fiber optic company", "A white care is parked in a parking lot."]
["A group of animals walks on sandy surface under the cloudy sky", "Cows are walking in the sand on a beach.  ", "Several animals are seen wandering along the sand.", "Couples walking down a wide, sandy beach, while the tide is out.", "The riders meander down the beach on their horses."]
["A couple of brown and white cows standing on a  field of grass.", "a brown cow besides a beach grazing on grass", "two cows eating some grass next to the shore ", "A cow and her calf eating grass by a beach.", "A cow and calf grazing along the sea shore."]
["People walking on the street next to a truck with caged animals in it. ", "There are people walking down the sidewalk next to the street.", "A couple people are walking on the sidewalk with a truck parked nearby.", "A truck parked on the side of a road near tall buildings.", "some animals in a cage in the back of a truck"]
["A group of white work trucks with advertising parked together", "A truck that is parked in a lot along side another truck.", "A bunch of white trucks are parked together", "a truck with a company logo on the side of it", "Two vans are parked next to each other."]
["A couple of cows standing and sitting on top of a field.", "Cow laying by lake while another cow walks in grass", "a couple of steer are standing outside by a lake", "Two cows are sitting next to water surrounded by some trees", "a couple of cows are standing by a lake"]
["A herd of cattle grazing on a lush green field.", "A herd of cows grazing in a grassy field.", "A group of cows grazing in a grassy field", "A herd of cows that are grazing on the grass.", "a group of cows graze on some grass "]
["A large orange and white cat sitting in a field.", "A cat sitting on the grass looking to its right.", "An orange cat sits on the grass outside. ", "A cat sitting in the grass on the ground.", "An orange and white cat sitting in the grass near some yellow flowers."]
["The cow is standing by himself on the rocky ground. ", "A brown cow standing on top of a rocky road.", "A cow that is standing in the gravel.", "a cow standing on some gravel near some mountains ", "A bull with short horns standing in gravel."]
["a cat standing in a purple litter box with green litter and lots of poop", "A cat steeping into a gross litter box on a table!\n\n\n\nYikes", "A wooden table holding a cake fashioned to resemble a litter box.", "Picture of a cat on a dessert made to look like a litter box.", "A picture of a cat is on what appears to be a fake litter box."]
["a close up of a cat on the ground near a chair", "A cat sniffs at a wooden chair bottom.", "A cat is sitting next to a chair. ", "A multicolored cat climbs the leg of a wooden chair.", "A cat on the floor looking at the seat of a wooden chair"]
["A brown and white cow in grassy area next to fence.", "a cow near a container of hay behind a fence", "A cow standing by the feed bin in a fenced in area.", "A cow standing at a hay feeder in a fenced in field.", "a cow standing next to a wooden stall on a green grass field."]
["A room is cluttered with suitcases and boxes.", "A very cluttered room has lots of suitcases including a red trunk on the floor.", "A pile of luggage and boxes inside a room.", "A pile of stuff in the middle of a room that includes boxes, suitcases, and a crate.", "A floor topped with a pile of luggage and a box."]
["Two cats are sitting in a door way.", "The two cats are looking out the screen door of the house. ", "A pair of cats looking out a hall doorway.", "Two large adult cats are looking out of a window.", "Two cats that are sitting near a window."]
["A large number of a cows lined up at a feeder.", "A row of cows is near a feeding station.", "A group of cows standing next to the feeding trough", "A group of cattle standing next to each other.", "Several cows are seen looking at the camera while in their pen."]
["Cat outline in darkness with white stripe background", "A cat hiding under a bed in the dark.", "A cat hiding under a bed in the dark.", "A cat is hiding under the bed and it is dark.", "Cat hiding underneath a small space in the dark alone. "]
["A man on horseback herds cattle on yellow grass.", "A man on a horse riding in a field while herding a large group of small cattle.", "The heard of cattle with rancher in the background run through the field.", "A man herds the cattle on  the land.", "A large herd of farm animals are with a cowboy."]
["A young bull looking pretty mean at the camera.", "A cow with short horns, standing in front of a tree.", "A cow stands by a stone wall in a vintage scene.", "Black and white photo of a cow standing in front of a tree.", "A black and white image of a steer standing next to a stone wall in a pasture."]
["A row of parked vehicles in front of a tall building.", "A group of trucks, some carrying sheds and houses, are lined up", "A group of trucks that are used for building houses.", "A row of cars and trucks that are all painted similarly.", "Vehicles from the electric company are parked in a lot."]
["A trash truck driving down a street past a red stop sign.", "A garbage truck is parked next to a stop sign on a rainy day in the suburbs. ", "a dump truck that is parked next to some trash cans", "A garbage truck in a suburb making its rounds", "A dump truck is pictured stopping at a stop sign."]
["A yellow furniture moving truck parked next to a traffic light.", "A advertisement truck drives through a busy street. ", "a group of people huddle together on a sidewalk with a big truck in the street", "A big yellow furniture truck driving down the street.", "A delivery truck at an intersection at night in a city "]
["The marina is full of several parked boats.", "A group of boats moored to a dock near a parking lot.", "a variety of small boats outside of a boating dock.", "A train is riding on a track above a residential neighborhood next to a dock.", "Several small boats are anchored at a marina."]
["a large castle in front of a clear sky", "A view of a building in the middle of day, it has a giant clock on it.", "A large stone building with a clock on it near the water", "a big building sitting in front of some water ", "A VERY BIG BUILDING/TOWER WITH TENTS NEARBY "]
["A couple of cows sitting inside a wooded fence.", "There is old folklore that states that if the cows lay down it will rain.", "a couple of cows are laying in a pin", "some cows lying down on the ground in their fenced off area", "A small outdoor enclosure is holding a group of cows."]
["A blue and white boat with an umbrella on pier.", "A boat is parked by the deck with an umbrella.", "A small motorboat with a sun umbrella moored at a dock", "a motor boat with a table umbrella sitting docked", "A small boat docked next to a wooden dock area and an umbrella open and shading the boat."]
["A blacn and white cow sticking its head over a fence.", "a cow stretching its head over a fence to eat some leaves ", "A cow grazes in a fenced area with lots of green vegetation", "A black cow is looking over a grass covered chain link fence.", "A bull reaching over a fence row to ear leaves."]
["a cat laying on a laptop and looking like it has glowing eyes ", "Cat's eyes glowing as it lays on the laptop", "A striped cat lying on a laptop computer atop a wooden desk with a computer mouse and a skull, with a window behind and a wire trash can below.", "a cat that is laying down on a lap top", "A cat sitting on top of a laptop computer on a desk."]
["a cat laying down while playing with a computer mouse", "The at is playing with the cord of the computer mouse.", "A cat is on a dark surface with a computer mouse.", "A cat has an electronic mouse in its paws.", "A cat lays on the floor with a computer mouse. "]
["A couple of cows on a dirt road.", "A cow barn in front of an old building.", "two cows standing outside a building looking around", "A couple of cows standing outside of a tall building.", "Two bulls standing in middle of street with laundry hanging off wall above them"]
["Two men sitting on a yellow boat in the water.", "Two men sitting on a small boat in the water.", "two men on a boat at the waters  staring on", "A man sitting on the front of a yellow boat.", "Two people on a yellow boat out on the water."]
["a man sitting down with a telephone up to his ear", "A painting of President Obama holding a phone in an office.", "A picture of Barrack Obama with propaganda against him. ", "The image shows the President talking on a telephone.", "a person in a suit and tie using a telephone."]
["Two men and a woman are standing in an elevator.", "Two men and a woman standing in an elevator.", "Three business people on an elevator with wooden panels.", "A woman and two men standing in an elevator.", "Three people in an elevator reading papers while one appears to be on cel phone."]
["A young man modeling clothes during a photo session.", "A person posing with massacres on and a tie", "Shows a man dressed in suspenders and a tie ", "A young man kneeling with two different suspenders,eyeliner on and a tie.", "A person that is crouching down in the ground."]
["An elephant and birds in a grassy area by trees.", "Large elephant walking through field in front of trees by itself. ", "A elephant standing in the middle of a forest.", "An elephant is standing in a grassy field.", "An elephant stands out in an open grassy field."]
["A demonic looking President Barrack Hussein Obama clasping his hands together.", "A dark man has an eyebrow raised weirdly.", "Picture of a man wearing a dark suit and blue tie who looks similar to Obama.", "a painting of the president sitting with his hands folded in front of his face", "A man is sitting at a table and posing as President Barack Obama."]
["A man holding a Library card in his left hand.", "a man with glasses poses with a card in hand", "The man with glasses is holding a library card. ", "A man holding a library card up in his hand.", "A man is smiling while holding a picture of a library card."]
["A man ridding on top of an elephant in a city.", "An elephant walking down the street, during the day.", "A decorated elephant is ridden through the streets by a man in an orange shirt. ", "Painted elephant walking on roadway with rider in city .", "A man is riding on top of an elephant."]
["A black haired man wearing a white shirt and tie being filmed while speaking by a woman wearing red", "A man in white shirt and tie standing in front of a camera.", "A man in a tie and dress shirt with a camera and microphone pointed at him.", "a cameraperson pointing a camera and mic at a speaker.", "A man stands in front of the video camera "]
["A man wearing a brown suit and brown tie.", "Photo of brown suit and a crocked tie.", "A close up of a tie and suit on a man.", "A crooked black tie adorns a light blue suit shirt.", "The chest area of a man wearing a brown suit and tie."]
["A group of Korean people watching a woman sign an important document.", "Korean men stand on each side of a woman sitting at a fancy desk.", "Seated woman signs paper while six standing men observe.", "An older Asian woman signing an important document.", "Men standing around a sitting woman writing on table"]
["A group of people sitting at two long tables in room.", "Asian people at a business conference in front of a large wall with writing.", "A group of people have a meeting ", "Smiling conference attendees face each other across tables laid out with tea and water", "Several people sit at long tables with a large mural with writing in the background."]
["A large gray elephant walking along a field.", "An grey elephant moving across an open field.", "Elephant walking through a dusty field in the savannah.", "An elephant standing around in he middle of a grassy area.", "An elephant walks in an open grassy field."]
["A man standing in front of a mirror holding up a cell phone.", "a man in a suit and bow tie looking at his cell phone", "a person wearing a suit and bowtie with a cell phone", "A man in a suit and a tie with a cell phone.", "A man in a suit taking a picture of himself with a phone"]
["Young boy holding an umbrella on a rainy day.", "The boy is walking in the rain with an umbrella.", "a boy holding an umbrella as he walks down the road ", "a young boy walks towards the camera holding an umbrella ", "A young boy with an umbrella covering on a rainy day"]
["A group of people carrying umbrellas into a building entrance.", "People standing in a large alcove with umbrellas.", "Both children and adults are standing with umbrellas just outside the interior of a building.", "A group of people that are walking under a cover.", "A group of people under their umbrellas during a rain storm."]
["Two men standing outside holding umbrellas, people walking by in the background.", "A couple of people with umbrellas on a street.", "Two people standing a crossed from each other talking . ", "Two men holding umbrellas talking on the street.", "Two people are standing with umbrellas and talking to each other. "]
["A group of neck ties sitting next to each other.", "A group of ties consisting of different patterns and colors.", "An assortment of colored ties lie in a row.", "An assortment of different colored ties displayed in a row.", "A close up several different colored ties and styles."]
["two people walking in the rain holding open umbrellas", "A person in yellow raincoat with umbrella on stairs.", "a person walking up the steps while holding onto an umbrella ", "The person is wearing a yellow raincoat and carrying an umbrella.", "A woman holds an umbrella in the rain. "]
["a couple of people that are dressed in red", "a woman and a man are standing next to each other", "A woman and a man are dressed up as demons for a costume party.", "A man and a blonde woman dressed as devils.", "A couple is dressed in devil costumes for Halloween."]
["Looking across the ocean at sailboats on a sunny day", "Sailboat regatta on water near mountain in background. ", "A number of sailboats gather on the water.", "A bay of water with many different sail boats in it.", "A large number of sail boats on some shoppy waters"]
["A boat that is sitting in the water.", "This is a picture of a boat on a very quiet  lake.", "a boat sits parked in the middle of a lake ", "a boat that is free floating on a body of water", "A boat on a very calm lake with houses in the background."]
["Two young men leaning up against a wall wearing ties.", "A group of guys standing against a wall", "Two young men wearing white shirts and ties pose for an artsy picture in front of a stark wall.", "The men stand against the wall near a one way sign.", "A pair of boys stand next to a sign."]
["A man holding a gun while standing in a shower.", "A man holding a gun is in the shower wearing a suit", "a man that is taking a shower in his clothes", "A man with a gun wearing clothes while in the shower.", "a man with a gun is standing in the shower"]
["A couple of fishing boats docked next to pier on the ocean.", "Two fishing boats docked at a pier on clear blue water.", "Two white boats Dr. DePere in Clearwater. ", "Three boats are parked next to the dock.", "a couple of boats are parked at a dock", "Dock with three moored boats in a resort setting."]
["a tennis player on a court with someone holding an umbrella", "A man that is sitting on a bench next to a racquet.", "Woman standing behind large purple umbrella next to a man in Nike Gear.", "a man sits on a bench with his tennis racket behind an umbrella", "A man sitting on a bench with tennis gear beside him."]
["A couple of elephants washing a baby elephant in a river.", "A few elephants playing around in the muddy water.", "Elephants are playing together in a shallow watering hole. ", "Three elephants are standing and playing in a watering hole. ", "Adult elephants are washing a juvenile in a muddy river.", "Two adult elephants and one baby elephant frolic in muddy water. "]
["A man drinking in a suit and tie.", "a close up of a person in a shower wearing a suit and tie", "A man is in the shower with a suit on.", "A black and white image of a man in the shower, formally dressed, drinking a bottle of liquor. ", "A man drinking booze in a shower soaked in water."]
["There is no image here to provide a caption for.", "A elephant that is standing in the grass.", "An elephant by itsef with two white tusks looking at  the camera.", "An elephant picking up some debris on the ground with his trunk in a tropical forest.", "A large elephant with tusks standing in the middle of a jungle."]
["An old time photograph of a young man.", "An old photo of a man in a suit.", "A man in an old picture wearing a suit and tie.", "A black and white photo of a man,looks old.", "An old photograph depicts a young boy in nice clothes."]
["A group of people who are seated together.", "People are sitting and watching something in an auditorium.", "A group of people sit near each other and pose for a picture.", "Group of people sitting next to each other watching the same thing. ", "A row of people in a larger audience watching something."]
["A formally dressed man is on state singing. ", "A musician performs a song in front of an audience.", "A man with glasses that is holding a microphone.", "A man wearing glasses and a tie with a mic in his hand.", "A man with glasses talking into a microphone."]
["A baby elephant following  its mother's and grabbing her tail.", "A baby elephant is following a large elephant.", "A baby elephant is following behind an adult elephant. ", "Baby elephant holding on to adult elephants tail with trunk.", "A baby elephant is walking behind her mother. "]
["A small elephant standing next to a bush.", "A baby elephant standing in the dirt next to a shrub", "an elephant on a dirt ground with trees in the background", "a little elephant standing by a tree looking at the camera", "An elephant standing in dirt under a tree."]
["A group of people sitting on yellow benches next to a tall building.", "people sitting on yellow stone benches in a courtyard.", "people sitting on benches by old buildings ", "A bunch of people sit on barriers in front of a church, one of whom has an umbrella and a handbag and one has a backpack.", "Various people sitting on yellow concrete barriers outside an old building."]
["People are on board elephants in a muddy river.", "a group of people ride on elephants through some water ", "Several people in river climbing on top of elephants.", "A group of people riding on the backs of elephants in a river.", "Many people on top of elephants in a deep river."]
["People in hats are riding on a large elephant.", "Two people are riding on the top of an elephant.", "A man riding on the back of a gray elephant.", "Two People wearing hats writing on an elephant.", "tourists riding and petting an elephant at a tourist attraction"]
["a woman walking holding a pink umbrella near a train", "a woman in a pink top is carrying a pink umbrella", "A woman waling while holding a pink umbrella.", "A woman walking down the street with a pink umbrella.", "A woman is clutching her pink umbrella against the wind"]
[" A bald man holding a blue umbrella on a street.", "a man protecting himself from rain and watching", "A man looks to his left while holding a blue umbrella on a rainy day in the street.", "A man waits by the street with an open umbrella in his hand.", "A man standing on the sidewalk with a blue umbrella."]
["A man standing on a boat in very clear waters.", "a man on a boat at the edge of the ocean", "A man standing on a boat with support beams.", "Ad showing a man standing on a boat docked on the beach.", "A boat on the water with Escape to Magalawa written below."]
["A big full view of several people gathering.\n", "An African Safari is best enjoyed on the top of an elephant.", "There are people riding in top if an elephant", "The people are riding on the large elephant while the small one walks behind. ", "A group of people riding on the back of an elephant."]
["a person siting on a brick wall with a tie", "a man sits on a ledge as he has a tie on ", "A young man squatting next to a brick wall.", "A man in a tie squatting down with cuffs on his wrists", "a man sits against a wall with punk accessories "]
["A large elephant standing on top of a grass covered field.", "An elephant standing behind some trees that have green leaves.", "A standing elephant framed by the leaves of two trees.", "A  view of an elephant through the trees.", "an elephant standing on a dirt and grass patch just in front of shrubbery"]
["A person wake boarding behind a blue and white boat.", "A person doing a flip on a surf board while a blue boat pulls him or her along.", "A boat drives though the water with a water skier behind.", "A boat pulling a water boarder along on a lake.", "an image of a person skiing on the water"]
["A speedboat pulls a water skier who is flying in midair. ", "Boat with wake boarder in mid air, on lake", "someone does a jumping trick while water skiing", "a small blue boat is in the water", "A speed boat pulls along a skier who is in midair."]
["A green umbrella sitting on top of a sandy beach.", "A umbrella stuck into sand at a beach with boats and hills in the background.", "A beach umbrella with a backpack underneath it is on the beach.", "An umbrella provides shade on a beach in front of the water.", "An umbrella on a beach with a backpack and bag under it."]
["Two elephants looking at each other aggressively while near a body of water, ", "A couple of elephants standing around a river.", "Two elephants in a body of water near high brush.", "a couple of elephants that are in some water", "Two elephants standing near each other in the water."]
["A herd of elephants standing next to each other on a field.", "Playful baby elephants are next to the mother.", "A group of elephants that are in a field.", "One elephant mounting another one in the wild.", "a group of elephants are gathered together outside"]
["A woman walking on a shore next to a river.", "A woman walking on a rocky river bank with a black umbrella.", "an image of woman with her umbrella walking on rocks", "There is a person standing on a rocky shore under an umbrella", "Woman in black with umbrella standing on rocks next to a river."]
["A open suitcase with a book on a table.", "There is a briefcase with a book and a few other things inside.", "Book opened in a suitcase in front of a window.", "An open book sitting in a suitcase. ", "A book and a few bowls in a case by a window."]
["A young girl sits inside of a luggage bag.", "A girl with blond hair sitting inside a small suitcase.", "A little girl sitting inside of a suitcase", "a child siting in an open luggage bag on the ground", "A girl is sitting inside of a suitcase"]
["An elephant is walking around its kept quarters on display.", "an elephant stands in an enclosure at a zoo", "An elephant in a zoo enclosure reaching with his trunk for a hanging toy.", "A baby elephant reaching for grey bag at a zoo.", "an elephant in containment with trees in the background"]
["A very large elephant reaching its trunk out to a crowd.", "An elephant greeting tourists at an old temple", "there are many people looking at a elephant ", "Elephant using its trunk to interact with tourists.", "A group of people standing next to a elephant."]
["a suite case that is on a brown desk", "A piece of luggage sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "A water damaged cardboard suitcase on a desk covered with flakes of paint. ", "An old suitcase sitting on top of a desk near a peeling wall.", "An old wore out suitcase setting on a desk in room with pealing paint."]
["A baby elephant standing next to an adult elephant.", "A large elephant and a baby elephant walking through the dirt.", "a big elephant walks along a young child elephant ", "An adult elephant and a baby elephant are walking close to one another.", "An elephant and elephant calf in their enclosure."]
["A harbor with a passenger ship and  and grain silos", "A couple of cruise ships in port with a large building in the background.", "A cruise ship docked at port with other boats.", "There are several boats sitting on the river.", "a large cruise ship parked next to some other ships"]
["A boat that is sitting in the water.", "A motor boat is sailing near a dock with other boats.", "An assortment of homes and watercraft dot a picturesque harbor.", "a small boat in a large body of water", "Several boats that are anchored in a body of water."]
["A herd of wild elephants walking along a marshland.", "A herd of elephants walking in the mud", "A herd of elephants play in a puddle in a black and white photo.", "Several elephants standing near one another in the grass.", "Many elephants are walking through the muddy dirt."]
["The elephant appears to have a lot of wrinkles.", "A elephant that is standing in the dirt.", "A large elephant is very close to the camera.", "A large elephant standing in the middle of a field.", "A large elephant standing up by some water."]
["A woman walking down a street topless holding an umbrella.", "A topless woman covered in paint holding an umbrella.", "A topless woman smiles in the middle of a crowd. ", "A women wearing nothing but pasties holding an umbrella.", "A woman has purple paint on her body as she stands under an umbrella."]
["A big crowd of people huddled together with some umbrellas.", "A group of people that are holding umbrellas .", "a number of people on a street with opened umbrellas", "A large group of people with umbrellas in the street.", "Tourists standing in the rain with colorful umbrellas, looking towards a wall in an older architectural style."]
["This is a city street with a lady carrying an umbrella", "Women holding umbrellas cross the intersection over the wet pavement.", "a person crossing a street holding a black umbrella", "A woman is cross the street in the rain.", "A women who is crossing the street with an umbrella."]
["A piece of luggage filled with clothing and materials.", "A SUITCASE IS ON THE FLOOR WITH THINGS IN IT", "A suitcase with a poem written on the inside.", "a purple trunk filled with a sign and paper work", "Here is a trunk with stationary and other memorabilia tucked inside."]
["A very cute old looking suitcase with some writing on it.", "This old piece of pink luggage has writing all over it.", "A pink suitcase has graffiti beside a guitar and radio and tshirt.", "A battered pink suitcase next to an electric guitar.", "a suitcase with writing on it sitting next to a guitar"]
["A couple of beautiful topless women standing next to each other.", "two women standing around topless with some decorations covering them a bit ", "Two women, who are not wearing tops, but body paint and one has flowers in her hair and the other one has a white parasol up and is wearing lots of kandi bracelets while the woman behind her is wearing a white top and is talking to someone.", "Two women standing topless with body paint during the day.", "two girls the are scarcely dressed one is holding an umbrella"]
["A man looking annoyed while riding on the back of an elephant", "two people riding on elephant backs near one another", "The men are riding elephants in town. ", "Two men that are riding on the back of elephants.", "Two men riding on the backs of two elephants. "]
["A man walking across a parking lot in the rain with a red umbrella.", "A person on a city street with a umbrella.", "A person in a suit with a red umbrella", "A man in a suit holds a red umbrella crossing a street in the rain.", "A man running walking in the rain, holding an umbrella. "]
["A wet elephant walks through a sandy portion of the beach.", "A small elephant standing on a dirt field next to trees.", "A dark colored elephant with a light colored spout and tusks.", "Elephant standing alone with eyes open and trunk down.", "An elephant standing on dirt area next to people on stairs."]
["A pony and a dog are outside in the hay.", "A furry horse in a pasture with a dog.", "Wooly horse and sheep dog face each other down ", "A horse and a dog facing each other in a brown field of grass.", "A horse looks at a dog along a tree lined fence."]
["A herd of elephants at the watering hole.", "Elephants walking by a body of water during the day", "A young elephant walks beside many adults next to the water.", "A group of elephants that are in the water.", "Three adult elephants and baby elephant walking beside the water."]
["A photographer setting up his equipment for a photo shoot.", "A person holding up a purple suit case.", "A man wearing jeans holds up a purple suitcase.", "a man holding a suit case above his head in front of a poster", "A man standing in a  room holding a piece of purple luggage over his head."]
["A dog chewing on a mans shoes as he lays on a field.", "A small dog that is licking someone's shoes.", "A person standing to a dog lying on the ground", "A dog is licking the toe of its owner's shoe.", "a small dog is sitting next to a persons feet"]
["A red carrier of some sort with a brown handle", "A red piece of luggage sitting on top of a hard wood floor.", "We are looking at the top of a zippered case.", "a small red suit case with a tortoise shell handle", "A red piece of luggage sitting on a table."]
["a small child is inside of a blue case", "A small child sleeping in the front of a pull along suit case.", "A little kid sitting in a suit case", "a little kid sleeping on a blue suitcase", "A child is halfway inside a piece of luggage. "]
["A bronze statue holding an open black umbrella.", "A bronze statue holding an umbrella in a square", "The statue is pointing with one hand with an umbrella in the other.", "A statue holds an umbrella in the rain.", "A statue under an umbrella pointing to a fir tree on a red-tiled city square."]
["different groups of people walking and holding opened umbrellas", "People under umbrellas on a sunny day outside.  ", "Groups of people are walking on a sunny, but windy day with umbrellas. ", "People walking and using their umbrellas to shield the sun.", "People huddle under several umbrellas on a sidewalk area and a white dog follows people with a pink umbrella."]
["Three different colored suitcases are on the ground next to each other.", "One blue, one green and one flowered suitcase sits next to a brick wall.\n", "They close-up of three different old suitcases on the ground.", "A set of three pieces of luggage sitting up against a brick wall.", "Three suitcases sit on the ground next to a rolling table."]
["A woman and a dog tussle over a frisbee.", "A woman is pulling a Frisbee from her dogs mouth.", "A woman is pulling a frisbee from a dog's mouth. ", "A woman pulling a white frisbee from a dog's mouth.", "A woman playing tug of war with a frisbee and a dog."]
["there is a man walking threw a hallway with his luggage", "A man that is standing with a suitcase.", "The man is coming off the escalator at the airport.", "a male in a white shirt with a black suitcase and people", "A group of people walking through an airport."]
["A man sitting next to a red piece of luggage in a parking lot.", "A boy taking a nap beside his suitcase. ", "a person sitting on a bench with a luggage bag near by", "A man is sitting at the end of a bench while looking at a piece of paper.", "A man sitting on a bench with a red suit case"]
["A bedroom with a bed under a window next to a green rug.", "The bedroom is decorated with bright green drapes, pillows, and a rug.", "A bedroom with green curtains and rug and blue sheets.", "We are looking at a young persons bedroom.", "a swirly green rug in a kids room"]
["A large group of people walking through the rain holding umbrellas. ", "A street is packed with people walking; many have umbrellas open.", "A crowd rushes to get out of the rain.", "A group of people with umbrellas walks past.", "Crowds walk along a city street while carrying umbrellas."]
["A green tour bus in a city and a group of people walking around with umbrellas. ", "A green bus pulled up to a city sidewalk.", "People walking down the street carrying umbrellas in front of a bus.", "A city street depicts three people holding umbrellas with a green bus driving by.", "People walking on a sidewalk past a bus."]
["A close up of a dog eating something on its bed.", "A black dog laying on a green mat.", "A black and brown dog laying on a green blanket.", "A dog laying on a blanket eating orange food.", "A dog sitting on top of a blanket."]
["A bear and two other animals in the grass near the woods. ", "Three brown bears roaming walking around in their natural habitat. ", "A group of bears stand in the brush in front of trees.", "A brown bear sniffs the air amid shrubs in a forest clearing.", "A large bear standing in a grass field."]
["The brown dog looks threw the diamond openings on the bench. ", "A dog laying on a wooden chair outside.", "a dog is peaking its head behind a chair", "There is a dog that is lying doen", "Dog laying in a doggy bed on the chair"]
["some red and yellow leaves and some thin green trees", "A beautiful photograph of a wooded area in sunlight.", "A mass of trees in the woods in fall", "Trees stand still in the middle of the forest.", "Floor of a pine forest littered with foliage."]
["A woman playing tug of war with a dog over a white frisbee.", "A woman wrestles a Frisbee being held by a dog.", "A dog is biting a frisbee his owner is trying to get", "Woman and dog with frisbee on grass near fence.", "a dog is playing with their owner and a frisbee."]
["To men in cloaks ride skateboards down the sidewalk.", "Two priests going down the street on skate boards.", "Two men walking outside outdoors and wearing robes.", "Two priests in black attire skateboarding down the road.", "a black and white photo of two men in black robes skateboarding."]
["a chihuahua sitting in a chair at the table in front of a plate of food", "A Chihuahua is shown sitting at the table.", "A dog sitting at a table in front of a plate", "A neat eating area shows vertical blinds, potted houseplants and a chair with a Chihuahua  on it, seated at a table with striped linen and a place setting with a small dish of food, resting in front of the dog. ", "A small chihuahua sitting in front of a plate of food."]
["A man crouches down and extends his hand, as he anticipates catching a flying disc.", "A man throws a frisbee at night time.", "A man throwing a Frisbee in a field at night. ", "A photo taken at night of a young man playing frisbee", "a person in a field playing frisbee "]
["A cracked and broken blue Frisbee lying on the grass.", "A broken blue Frisbee laying in green grass", "A Frisbee broken into 4 pieces lies on a grassy spot.", "Broken small Frisbee throwing disc in a grassy area.", "A frisbee broken in pieces is sitting in the grass. "]
["a couple of bears walking across a field.", "Two brown bears walking through low brush looking for food.", "a couple bears walking through a grass field.", "A couple of bears walking down a grassy area.", "A pair of grizzly bears walk through the grass."]
["A small vase sitting on a sidewalk next to a brick building.", "A black pitcher made from metal sitting alone.", "A colorless image of an ornate type of pitcher.", "there is a silver vase with a holder. ", "An small dark jug positioned in front of a wall"]
["A brown dog laying next to a black and white dog on top of a bed.", "Two dogs  on a blanket looking behind them. ", "Two dogs are laying on a bed together.", "Two dogs of different breeds laying next to each other on a bed.", "Two dogs sitting on a bed looking back."]
["A large brown and black dog laying on top of a bed.", "A dog is asleep on a bed with Simpsons bedding.", "A dog is sleeping in a bed with Simpsons sheets.", "A dog sleeps on top of a bed.", "A dog is laying in a kids bed"]
["A bear is taking a walk through the forest. ", "A grizzly bear walking in the woods looking off in the distance.", "This is a picture of a zoo outdoor. \n", "a close up of a bear near bushes on a field ", "a big brown bear walking in the grassy woods "]
["A brown dog sits in the snow near a red table and black chairs.", "DOG SITTING ON OUTSIDE PATIO IN THE SNOW", "A yellow dog that's sitting outside next to a patio set.", "A snow covered ground outside of a yellow colored house, with a dog tied to an outdoor chair.", "a furry brown hound sits on the snow in front of some garden patio furniture"]
["Two people run across the field while playing with a Frisbee.", "A girl catching a frisbee beside a soccer net.", "Young adults playing game with disc on grass field.", "A woman running towards a soccer net while holding a white frisbee.", "a woman leaning forward while reaching out for a frisbee"]
["a couple of men are playing with a frisbee", "A few men play a game using a Frisbee.", "A man is throwing a frisbee in order to play with his friends.", "One of the three men has thrown the white Frisbee. ", "Two men in shorts and baseball caps play Frisbee."]
["Two women who are standing in the grass with a frisbee.", "A couple of women playing a game of frisbee on top of a field.", "a couple of women are playing frisbee outside", "Two girls playing frisbee out on a field.", "Two young women playing frisbee on a field."]
["A group of men play frisbee in a field.", "the group of ultimate Frisbee players try to intercept a toss", "A group of men on a field playing frisbee.", "A group of people on a field with a Frisbee.", "Several young men are competing over the Frisbee. "]
["Two men fall to the ground during an ultimate Frisbee game", "The two you men are playing a Frisbee match. ", "Two people playing with a frisbee, both jumping in different directions.", "this is two men playing in a grassy field", "two people playing frisbee in a field "]
["A girl in white shirt playing with a yellow frisbee.", "a young person in a field with a frisbee", "A girl playing frisbee in the backyard of a house.", "A girl is playing with a Frisbee outside by a house.", "A little girl walking across green grass to get a frisbee."]
["A young woman holding a white frisbee while standing on a grass field.", "A person is about to throw a frisbee across a field", "A women preparing to throw a flying disc in the park.", "A woman tossing a frisbee across a green field", "A woman in a green shirt preparing to throw a white frisbee in a field."]
["At least three people are in a field playing with a frisbee.  ", "A woman with a man holding a frisbee.", "A man and a woman playing a game of frisbee on a field.", "A man playing frisbee against other people on a field.", "A boy and a girls on a field playing some type of sport."]
["Two opponents are having a game of Frisbee.", "There are two men on a field playing with a frisbee", "A person in a hat is blocking a person from getting a frisbee.", "A man in green is near a man in white who holds a white Frisbee.", "Two men in a grassy field playing with a frisbee."]
["A dog running across a field with a frisbee in it's mouth.", "A dog running the grass with a frisbee in his mouth. ", "A dog in a grassy park carrying a frisbee.", "A dog catching a frisbee in its teeth in a field ", "a dog in a field with a frisbee in its mouth"]
["A dog laying on top of a bed in front of a red book.", "A dog sitting next to a book on top of a bed. ", "A dog sits on a bed next to a large book. ", "The dog and the book are lying on the bed.", "Looking down at a dog looking down at The House Book"]
["a young female throwing a red Frisbee in a grassy area", "A girl who has just thrown a Frisbee.", "A person has opened their hand to catch a Frisbee thrown by a woman.", "A reflection a person catching a frisbee in a mirror like object.", "A woman throwing a red flying disk in a field."]
["A room has a table, books, piano, and door in it.", "A white room with a bookshelf filled with books.", "A neatly decorated room with a piano and suspended book shelf.", "A large open room has an overhead book shelf.", "A piano tucked in the corner of a neat living room"]
["Two people playing frisbee on the grassy field.", "A couple of women chasing after a frisbee on a field.", "THERE ARE PEOPLE THAT ARE PLAYING FRISBEE ON THE FIELD ", "Two young women run after a flying Frisbee.", "Two people running and playing frisbee in a field."]
["a man standing by a fence while throwing a frisbee", "A man tossing a frisbee while standing on a grassy lot.", "a person in sport wear playing frisbee on a field", "A man with arms outstretched throwing a frisbee.", "A man throwing a Frisbee outside at night."]
["A young girl smiling while holding up a  frisbee.", "A girl is smiling as she holds a plate with a cartoon boy waving.", "A young boy is holding a frisbee with a picture on it.", "a girl is holding up a plate with a picture of a boy on it ", "A woman is holding a plate with a man on it. "]
["a person riding a small horse with a bus in the background", "A man riding a white-and-black striped horse that looks like a zebra.", "People and a bus near a man riding a zorse.  ", "A man in hat riding a pony that looks like a zebra.", "a person riding a zebra while wearing a cowboy hat in the street."]
["Three photos of people throwing and catching Frisbees. ", "Three side by side snapshots of a people playing with a frisbee.", "Various frames of people that are playing with a frisbee.", "a trio of pictures showing people and a frisbee", "A group of people playing frisbee in a field"]
["Men in a park with frisbee, with trees, portable toilets, fence, bags, and other people in background.", "A man is tossing a frisbee to someone else", "a group of men playing frisbee in the middle of a busy park ", "A boy with a green hat stands sprawled out as another man in a black shirt looks toward a white Frisbee.", "A group of people in the grass that are throwing a frisbee."]
["A group of young men playing a game of frisbee.", "a group of people in a field playing with a frisbee", "A group of young men are playing frisbee on a field.", "Three men running for a frisbee in a park. ", "some people are playing in a grassy field"]
["A group of people playing frisbee in the grass.", "A woman running to catch a frisbee in the grass. ", "A person running on a field with a Frisbee while others run toward them.", "some people in sports uniform are playing a game", "Several men and women in soccer uniforms run around a field with many people and stands on the sidelines."]
["A young woman playing a game of frisbee with another person.", "Two people playing frisbee at a park ", "Spectators watching girls play competitive Frisbee on a green field", "Many people are watching two women play frisbee.", "Two people compete to catch a frisbee as spectators look on."]
["Two women are facing each other outside in a park.", "Two people face off during an ultimate Frisbee game", "Two Frisbee players on a field fighting over the disk. ", "Two women playing frisbee near man with umbrella. ", "some people are playing with a white frisbee"]
["a herd of zebra in a field with one staring at the camera", "A herd of zebras walking through the grass.", "Several zebras walking the terrain of hills and mountains", "A number of zebras walking in a herd.", "a herd of zebras together in a savannah."]
["A man is about to throw is disk golf frisbee. ", "A man serving a ball with a paddle", "a man throwing some kind of frisbee toy", "A young man about to throw a disc or hit a ball.", "Man prepares to throw a frisbee in an open park. "]
["A toddler in a grassy area playing with a Frisbee.", "a little boy standing in the yard while holding onto a red frisbee", "A boy holding an orange frisbee while standing in a field.", "The small child is carrying a frisbee in the grass.", "A baby holding a Frisbee during a sunny day."]
["An ostrich and zebra fenced in with each other. ", "a zebra stands next to an ostrich and tree ", "A zebra and large bird are standing together near a fence.", "An ostrich in a zoo a long with three zebras. ", "An ostrich standing in a zoo pin near some zebras."]
["A group of zebras are standing in a field.", "A couple of zebra standing next to each other.", "The baby zebra is standing near it's mother.", "Two zebras stand next to each other on a field. ", "Three zebras standing in a grassy field with trees in the background."]
["a large group of zebra on an African plain.", "A group of zebra standing next to each other on a grass field.", "Some very pretty zebras in a big grassy field.", "A small herd of zebras are on a small path near rocks.", "Four zebras standing on a grassy plain. "]
["A baby zebra nursing off the mother zebra.", "A couple of zebra standing on top of a dry grass field.", "Two zebras in a grassy field, with one drinking milk from the other.", "A baby zebra is drinking milk from its mother", "A small zebra is drinking milk from the larger zebra in the middle of the field."]
["Three zebras in grassy area next to shrubbery.", "A herd of three zebras standing on a grass covered field.", "A zebra standing next to two other zebras on the grass", "A zebra standing in grass and two other zebra in the background facing towards the opposite direction.", "Small group of zebra's standing in open grassy area. "]
["A horse standing in the open field looking a the lake ", "A horse looks away from the camera toward a lake. ", "A view from someone riding horseback in an open field with a pond on it.", "A first-person view of riding a brown horse through a field.", "The view is from the back of a horse, riding in a dry, grassy field towards a pond on a sunny say."]
["People are walking their horses along the beach.", "Group of horses and riders at ocean beach.", "Small group of people with horses walking along the beach.", "a number of horses on a beach near the water ", "People walking and riding horses near the ocean. "]
["A zebra standing next to a lush green forest.", "A zebra eating something off of the dirt. ", "A zebra has its head down near the ground.", "A zebra curiously probes the sandy ground of an enclosure.", "A lone zebra is looking toward the ground in its enclosure."]
["A horse walking across a river with rocks.", "The horse is standing near the water with rocks in it.", "The view from atop of a horse looking over a shallow creek. ", "A horse looks over water toward trees on the other side.", "A horse looking over the green water of a river."]
["cowboys on horses are herding some cattle down a road", "A lot of horses grouped together walking down a road .", "Men on horses herding a group of cows down a road.", "Men on horses herding cattle down a road.", "A large group of cattle walk down a road near some mountains."]
["A brown horse with white fetlocks grazing in a fenced in yard.", "A horse with white socks grazing in the grass near a home.", "The large brown horse is eating from the grass.", "The horse is standing alone on the grass in the yard. ", "a horse grazes on some grass in front of a tree"]
["The horse is eating the green grass blades.", "A close up of a brown horse eating grass.", "A horse's head bent low over the grass.", "a close up of a horses face while it looks at the grass ", "A brown horse is grazing in the grass."]
["Brown horse grazing alone in an open grassy field. ", "Horse grazing in a green field with trees in bloom.", "A brown horse grazing in a grassy area.", "A horse grazing a field with pink flowers.", "A brown horse grazing on green grass in an open field."]
["a group of horses graze on some grass ", "A herd of horses in a rocky field.", "Wild horses are eating grass by a hill.", "A group of brown horses are grazing in a grassy field.", "Horses munching in a field underneath rolling hills."]
["As the horses graze, their friend the dog looks on.", "Two horses in a field grazing near a dog", "Two horses standing in the grass next to a dog.", "A couple of horses and a dog in a field.", "Two horses grazing in the grass while a dog looks on."]
["A lot of people that are on some horses.", "A group of people riding brown horses on top of a grass covered field.", "The horseback riders stand side by side in the vast green field.", "A group of horseback riders start to gallop.", "A group of equestrians are out for a trail ride."]
["A group of officers are on horseback traveling in formation.", "a group of men in uniforms riding horses", "Helmeted and uniformed military men travel together on horseback.", "many people riding horses with the sky in the background", "A group of police riding brown horses down a road."]
["A horse and a dog inside a fenced in field of grass.", "A dog and a large horse in a field.", "A dog and a horse are running in a field", "A horse chasing a dog through a fenced field,", "A brown horse standing next to a dog on a field."]
["a horse is walking around outside the barn", "a horse in the field with a dog coming up the path", "A horse in a corral looking down at the ground.", "A black and white photo of a horse in a field.", "A horse in the grass is by a barn."]
["Two horses grazing on green grass next to a forest.", "two horses in a field of green grass", "Two horses in a green field with yellow flowers", "Two horses are in a pasture with trees.", "Two horses in a field of tall grass and wildflowers."]
["A horse standing in the grass in a fenced in area.", "A brown horse grazing on grass in a field. ", "a brown horse some green grass and a fence ", "A horse that is standing in the grass.", "A brown horse grazing in a green field."]
["Two horses running in a grassy field together", "A brown horse with blond hair being chased by another horse.", "Two horses running in a green pasture with trees in the background.", "Two horses run in a field next to trees.", "Brown horses are running on a green field."]
["Two horses in a field on the other side of a fence", "Two horses eating grass in a field behind a fence.", "Two horses grazing in a grassy, tree filled pasture.", "Horses that are grazing in an open pasture.", "Two horses grazing in a fenced in grassy field."]
["A couple of horses standing on top of a grass covered field.", "a few horses standing in the middle of a grassy field", "Two horses are standing in a field ", "A brown horse next to a white horse on a field.  ", "a couple of horse that are walking in a field"]
["Two horses are seen galloping through a snow covered field.", "Two brown horses running side by side in the snow.", "Two horses running together in the snow behind a fence.", "Two horses running in the snow beside each other.", "Horses are graceful as they stride through the field."]
["a field that has some snow and a man skiing in it", "Skeeter on top of the mountain admiring below", "A man that is on the skis in the snow.", "a person is in some skis in the snow", "A man on skies standing at the top of a mountain."]
["An action shot of a baseball player swinging at the pitch", "Baseball players on a field in front of a crowd.", "A baseball player at the plate swinging the bat.", "A batter, catcher and umpire during a baseball game.", "Fans watch as a baseball player is about to take his best swing. "]
["A man sitting on a white chair on top of a tennis court.", "A man wearing tennis gear sitting next to a tennis racket and a fan behind him.", "The man is sitting down resting before his tennis match. ", "A tennis player gesticulating as he sits on the sidelines.", "A man sitting on the sidelines of a tennis court holding out is arms in a shrug"]
["A kitchen counter topped with ripe bananas and chocolate.", "a gray table with some bowls chocolate chips and bananas", "A mixer is next to a bunch of ingredients like bananas.", "There are several ingredients sitting next to the mixer on the kitchen counter.", "Several ingredients and tools for cooking sit on a counter."]
["a couple of people are standing on a snowy mountain", "A group of skiers and snowboarders at the top of a ski slope.", "a group of people riding skis and snow boards ", "A group of people standing on top of a snow covered sky slope.", "A group of skiers and snowboarders waits before going down a hill."]
["Two men playing a game of catch on a street.", "A man and boy playing catch with a baseball on a city street", "A man ready to catch a baseball in a parking lot", "A man catching a ball with another man next to buildings. ", "Two men are playing catch with gloves outside. "]
["A man pushing a cart filled with lots of fresh fruit.", "a person pushing a wagon with many fruits ", "a man at a fruit cart in a foreign country near a blue house .", "A hardworking male pushing fresh fruits on a cart.", "a man pushing a cart filled with assorted fruit and veggies on it "]
["A metal juicer sitting on top of a table next to veggies.", "A cup of freshly squeeze juice in front of a juicer and fruit.", "A juicer machine next to an apple, orange, carrots and a glass of juice.", "an orange color drink is placed in front of the blender. ", "Carrots, apple, and an orange next to a blender with a glass in front. "]
["A rack with lots of ripe bananas hanging from it.", "An outdoor market with bananas, onions, lemons, limes, tomatoes, and more. ", "An outdoor produce market with a long line of bananas hanging over the fruit and vegetables displayed.", "This outdoor produce market has two long rows of bananas.", "A stand with a lot of bananas and fruits and vegetables."]
["an image of ripe bananas being hung in the air at an outdoor market", "Bananas are hanging on a line and ripening.", "A large bunch of bananas hanging in a market.", "A string has many bananas hanging from it", "A bundle of bananas hanging from a line."]
["a line of kids that are in baseball uniforms", "Children wearing purple baseball uniforms while standing in a line.", "Some young children are dressed and ready for a game. ", "A group of children in baseball uniforms. ", "A group of young boys standing next to each other."]
["A skier hugging a tree next to a trail", "A person hugging a tree on snow ski's.", "A girl skier rests against a tree on a snowy trail.", "A skier posing for picture while straddling a tree.", "Woman standing on skis hugging a green tree."]
["A slice of cake on a plate decorated like the bottom of the ocean.", "A piece of cake is on a plate with a fork.", "A piece of cake with icing and filling and a fork.", "A slice of two layer cake on a blue plate.", "A slice of cake on a blue ocean patterned paper plate with a plastic fork."]
["An orange is hanging on a green tree", "a orange hanging from the branch of an orange tree.", "Oranges still hanging from a tree on a sunny day. ", "An orange on an orange tree ripens in the shade.", "A closeup of an orange tree with fruit in plain sight"]
["A snow covered forest on the side of a mountain.", "A forest with snow covered trees and people skiing", "A groomed path in the snow near some slopes", "A scenic mountain with a lot of trees and people skiing.", "There is a snowy mountain range covered in trees"]
["A man is walking by a table with lots of oranges on it.", "A table with a variety of fruit on it, for sale", "A large stack of oranges with a sale sign on a table.", "A large display of oranges at an outdoor market.", "A person standing near a display of oranges and bananas."]
["A woman that is standing up with skis.", "a woman poses will holding some skis ", "Awoman is holding a snow board as she prepares to use it.", "A woman who is standing with a pair of skis.", "A young lady holding a ski standing by a bench in a store."]
["A man winding up with a baseball on a mound.", "A pitcher winding up to throw a pitch.", "a close up ofa baseball player getting ready to throw a pitch", "A pitcher winding up for a pitch at a game", "A pitcher readies himself to throw the ball.  "]
["A plate of food with rice and a banana on it.", "a plate with some rice and meat on it ", "Variety of food with banana rice and steak", "A bowl full of rice and a banana next to the rice.", "Banana, rice and meat on a decorative plate. "]
["A pile of green yellowish banana sitting in a basket.", "very types many ripe  fruits in a basket", "A basket is filled with bananas, apples, and pears.", "A bunch of bananas and some apples in a basket.", "A wicker basket of fruit with bananas, apples, and pears."]
["A man pushing a four wheeled art full of bananas.", "a person pushing a cart with many bunches of bananas", "an image of a man holding a cart of bananas", "A man pushes a cart with wheels with bananas.", "A man wheels a cart of banana bunches through the street."]
["A table topped with four slices of cake.", "An assortment of desserts on a wooden lazy susan.", "Five dessert samples, on clear glass plates, are displayed on a wood spoke wheel.", "A luscious desert tray to satisfy all tastes.", "Several dishes of dessert on a round table."]
["A man on skis skiing down a mountain slope.", "A person that is skiing on some snow.", "A skier dressed in orange traveling down a steep slope.", "A person uses skis to ski down a snowy hill.", "A man skis down a mountain covered in snow. "]
["A lone snow skier on a large white slope meanders his way down.", "A man skiing down the slopes of a mountain.", "A single skiiers is present on a vast snowy hill side.", "a person riding skis on a snowy slope", "Someone downhill skiing on a remote mountain covered in snow"]
["A red and green plate holding a pink cake with frosting.", "A watermelon pound cake with icing with a slice taken out.", "A strawberry bunt cake with white frosting on a colorful plate.", "An iced round cake on a watermelon plate.", "A strawberry pound cake with a slice taken out."]
["Man with his arms out snowboarding down the mountain", "A person is snowboarding down a snowy hill.", "a person is seen snowboarding down a mountain", "A person in a blue coat snowboarding down a mountain.", "A man is skiing down the side of a snowy mountain."]
["a couple of bowls of food sit on a table ", "White bowls of food mainly vegetables in four white bowls.", "Four pots with different items, including vegetables, on them.", "Individual bowls of fish, vegetables, rice on a table in an Asian restaurant.", "Bowls of food are sitting on a table."]
["a bunch of fruit sit inside of a market ", "a bunch of yellow bananas are hanging up outside", "Fruit in a market is displayed and people are walking around the market. ", "A fruit stand sits on a busy street, decorated with bananas and strawberries.", "A fruit stand at a large, crowded market."]
["A skier climbing up a snowy mountain half in shade.", "A man riding skis across a snow covered mountain slope.", "A person who is climbing up a hill covered in snow.", "A man is trying to climb the snow mountain. ", "A young person with skis and poles walking up a steep hill."]
["A group of people riding in a ski lift above a mountain.", "Four skiers riding a ski lift to the top of the mountain. ", "Four people on a ski lift going up a mountain.", "Four people riding a ski lift up a mountain.", "A group of four people are riding a ski lift as they ride over the snowy mountain."]
["Various people are acknowledging life and having a good time. \n", "some people playing a baseball game on a sunny day", "A baseball game in progress with the batter up to plate.", "The baseball team is playing an important game.", "a bunch of baseball players are out in the field"]
["She is holding up a peace sign in the snow.", "there is a person standing on a ski hill smiling", "A woman is skiing on a mountain at night. ", "The person in a red jacket smiles while standing in skis.", "A person posing for the camera while on their skis."]
["A man and a women who are traversing the terrain on snow skis. ", "skiers trying to carefully cross an ice frozen creek ", "Two people in ski gear crossing a frozen river.", "A couple of cross country skiers cross a running stream", "Two people walk their skis on the snow."]
["Some delicious looking muffins fresh out of the oven.", "A stainless steel toaster oven on a marble counter with a muffin pan inside and two muffins on plates in front of it.", "A toaster oven on a counter is open with a tray of muffins in it, with two muffins on plates to the side.", "Some food is half way out of a small oven", "A tray of muffins sits in an open oven while two more sit on plates."]
["A man holding two red skis walking through the snow.", "Two men and a woman with skis standing in the snow.", "People walking standing and kneeling on a ski slope with skis.", "People carrying backpacks and sports gear in the snow.", "Skiing should be great on this sunny winter day."]
["A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "a guy that is skiing down a side of a mountain", "A skier slaloms down a snowing mountain landscape", "a skier jumps over a mound of snow in a snowy mountain top", "A lone skier catching some air as he skies down the slope."]
["A cross country skier climbing a mountain on his skis", "A man with a backpack on  is on skis. ", "A man with a backpack on cross country skis in the snow.", "The man is skiing on the snowy hill.", "a man walking on the snow while wearing some skiis "]
["Two skiers stand on their skis in the snow.", "Two men pose for a photo on skiis.", "Two men are standing on skis by a snowy mountain.", "Two men wearing all black skiing on the top of a mountain. ", "Two men in ski gear posing for the camera."]
["A man and a woman cross country skiing on a snow covered trail with mountain peaks in the background.", "a couple of skiers are going down a snowy mountain", "a lady skiing looking back at a man skiing", "two snow skiers coming down a snowy hill", "A man and a woman cross-country skiing in deep snow."]
["A view of a drink with a garnish sitting on it, on a table.", "A granite counter with a plate of food and a drink.", "There is a plate of food and a beverage on a table ", "A glass that is sitting on a table.", "A glass of tea sits on a kitchen table next to a plate of food."]
["Mixed assortment of fish rice and vegetables with carrots.", "A plate topped with chicken and vegetables and breading.", "there is small bits of broccoli on top of the food ", "There is some fish with vegetables on this plate.", "a piece of fish and broccoli and carrots that appear steamed "]
["A BOY IS ON A SKATE BOARD IN THE COURT", "A man on skateboard riding a skate ramp.", "A man riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp.", "A person is on a ramp on a skateboard.", "a man in a pool skating on his skateboard "]
["A man riding up the side of a skateboard ramp.", "A man skateboarding on a ramp whose helmet is sitting beside the ramp. ", "The man is practicing his skateboard skills on the indoor ramp.", "A person on a skate board, in the air.", "A man in white shirt doing a trick on a skateboard."]
["A man is skateboarding on a ramp in a basement.", "The skateboarder shows no fear as he straddles the wall.", "One male skateboarder doing a trick on a ramp", "A man balances on the top of a skate ramp while practicing a trick.", " A man riding a skateboard down the side of a ramp."]
["A white bowl filled with meat and vegetables.", "A close-up of a plate of food containing broccoli.", "A simple meal of vegetables and sliced chicken.", "We see a plate of meat and vegetables.", "a plate of food features vegetables and meats."]
["The skateboarders are having fun in the halfpipe.", "A group of men riding around a skate park.", "People skateboarding on a skateboard rank with graffiti.", "Two men are skateboarding in a skate park.", "a skateboarder that is riding on a ramp"]
["a man on a skateboard skates on the sides of a skate bowl", "A picture of a person on a skateboard in Ace rail.", "A skateboarder dressed all in black riding a ramp", "A skateboarder is rounding the inner ramp lip.", "A young man skateboarding along the side of a concrete skate bowl. "]
["The man walks through a snow trail wearing skis.", "A cross country skier can encompass majestic surroundings.", "A person walking up a mountian slope wearing skis", "There is not much snow in the area where this person is skiing.", "A person in sunglasses is cross country skiing."]
["Apples in arrangement inside a supermarket for sale.", "A bunch of apples sitting on  display and on top of each other.", "a bunch of fruit is in a store", "Many apples are stacked together in a large display.", "A bunch of apples on display in a store."]
["Some apples and other fruits at a store", "Apples and grapes in bags at a grocery store", "A bunch of apples and grapes sit on the shelf of the store.", "A pile of apples sitting next to white bags filled with nuts.", "A DISPLAY OF GRAPES AND APPLES AT THE GROCERY STORE"]
["A man riding a skateboard on a cement rail, then on the side of a pipe wall.", "Two different vintage pictures of people doing skateboard tricks", "An article includes two pictures of male skateboarders.", "A man riding a skateboard on various urban structures.", "Two photos with boys on skateboards doing tricks "]
["A man leans down and fixes his snow shoes.", "Skier lacing up his boots while ski poles are standing nearby.", "Man puts on small black snow shoes on a snow trail. ", "A man kneeling down in the snow wearing skis.", "A man kneeling in snow to put on snowshoes."]
["The lunch plate includes both meat and vegetable choices.", "A closeup view of a plate holding potatoes, broccoli, and ham.", "a big plate of food that is on a table", "Ham, broccoli with cashews, and roasted potatoes on a plate.", "A cooked meal consisting of ham, broccoli, and potatoes."]
["A plate of food with noodles and broccoli on it. ", "A plate of noodles and broccoli is shown.", "A plate with noodles and broccoli are on the table", "an Asian decorated plate covered with vegetable low mein", "there is a large plate of pasta and broccoli "]
["Several pieces of food on a wood table including several apples.", "a bunch of vegetables and fruits sit on a chopping board ", "there are many green and red apples on this counter ", "Many apples sit next to a bulb of garlic. ", "A closeup of fruit on a table "]
["a bunch of veggies like broccoli and some onions ", "A bushel of different vegetables near a wood wall", "some broccoli and onions against a brown wooden background", "A pile of vegetables including broccoli and onions.", "A broccoli head with onions and potatoes by a wooden wall."]
["A skateboarder is in mid air while descending a concrete ramp.", "Two young skateboarders dressed in black practicing stunts.", "skateboarder in mid air doing a high trick.", "A boy airborne on a skateboard with another boy on a bike.", "A skateboarder is in the air doing a trick."]
["There is a plate of vegetables that have been cooked", "A well balanced meal served on an orange plate.", "Two plates of food with vegetables and bread.", "A full healthy meal on a yellow plate. ", "A plate topped with meat and vegetables next to another plate.", "a plate of meat with broccoli and a knife"]
["there is a male skateboarder doing a trick", "A man riding a skateboard down the side of a ramp.", "A boy riding his skate board on an obstacle course.", "A guy doing a trick on a skate board.", "A man doing a trick on a skateboard on a ramp."]
["A small wooden cutting board and knife with a cut apple.", "Cutting board with knife and sliced apple next to peels and whole apple.", "One whole apple and a pile of apple skins stands beside a cutting board with a knife and apple slices.", "a wooden cutting board a knife and and apple", "A cutting board with slices of peeled apple and a knife next to an apple and apple peels."]
["A man riding a skateboard down the side of a ramp.", "A man on top of a skateboard ramp.", "A person skating alone in a skate park.", "a man isdoing skateboard tricks on a graffiti covered ramp  ", "a man that is on a skateboard on a ramp"]
["A man riding a skateboard in a skate park.", "a man leanding over to touch the ground while riding his skateboard", "a person riding a skate board at a skate park", "A boy does a trick on a skateboard on his knees.", "A man on a skate board who is touching the ground. "]
["A bowl of soup with broccoli next to a fork.", "broccoli and chicken on a plate of broth", "Bunch of broccoli sitting next to a soup looking dish.", "A bowl of stew with meat, potatoes, and vegetables.", "An orange dish holds a stew of meat, and vegetables."]
["A red stand with various baskets of fruits next to bar.", "Fruits are on shelves in a little store.", "A wooden stand with many types of fruit.", "A stand of fresh fruits on display for sale in a market.", "Assorted fruits and vegetables on a stand and on a counter."]
["The meat and broccoli on the plate is covered with steak sauce. ", "A group of food that is on a plate.", "A white plate topped with a piece of meat covered in gravy on top of broccoli.", "A plate with meat, onions, gravy, broccoli and cheese.", "a plate with some meat and vegetables on it "]
["A boy practicing his techniques coming down the ramp on a skateboard.", "a skateboarder with a black and white shirt  doing a trick", "A man riding down the side of a skateboard ramp in a skate park.", "A person on a skate board at the top of a steep ramp.", "A boy using his skateboard to go down a skateboard ramp at a skateboard park."]
["a mountain that has some skiiers on it", "To Scears going up a steep side of a mountain together. ", "A mountain that has snow on it, with people climbing it. ", "A group of people hiking along a mountain line on the peak.", "Two men climbing a snow covered mountain who are almost at the top."]
["A man in a yellow and black ski suit skiing down a mountain.", "A man is skiing on a snowy mountain", "A person skiing in the midst of snow covered mountains.", "A person on some skis in the snow.", "a guy that is skiing down some kind of snowy slope "]
["Guy bites an apple while the other two watch in the computer room", "A man in an office setting is eating an apple.", "a group of people staring a camera while one eats some food ", "Man eating fruit in room with co-workers with computers.", "A person sitting with his back to a table with computers and other people, eating an apple."]
["A white plate topped with pancakes and a fork and knife.", "A dinner plate with a hot turkey sandwich with gravy.", "Some one is cutting some kind of meat with gravy in a plate on a table.", "A fork and knife carve into a stack of pancakes.", "A white plate has food on it that a person is eating with a knife and fork."]
["A plate of food sits on a white table.", "a bunch of food on a white plate", "A fleet of various food with lettuce carrots and tomato", "A plate of food with some meat and vegetables on it.", "A plate full of food that has carrots and some meat on it."]
["A woman carrying a container filled with food.", "a woman near a bus eats a hot dog", "A woman holds food in front of a food truck. ", "A woman in black jacket holding a plate of food.", "A woman is eating a sandwich from a food truck."]
["A hand holding a sandwich with pickles and cilantro.", "Sandwich with a pickle and a man holding it open.", "A person is pulling open their sandwich outside", "a sandwich with a pickle and some vegetables ", "Sandwich with mixed vegetables sitting on top of a white napkin. "]
["A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "A skateboarder mid air doing tricks on a half pipe.", "A guy just jumped off the cliff to skateboard while another guy is watching him.", "a skateboarder is doing an aerial trick ", "One man waves while another rides a skateboard on a ramp."]
["Someone is using a small grill to melt his sandwich. ", "Some one grilling a sandwich on a small table top grill.", "a hand taking off a sandwich from a portable grill", "A hand and spatula grabbing a sandwich from a panini grill.", "Someone is holding a sandwich together on a spit."]
["a cut in half sandwich sitting on top of a plate.", "A table with a green tray holding a sandwich and glass of water.", "A sandwich made of thick bread and heavily laden with tomatoes sits on a plate next to a glass of water.", "A croissant sandwich and a glass of water are set by the window with a vase of yellow flowers.", "A croissant sandwich sitting on a green plate"]
["A dish of food including tomatoes and pickles and something on flat-bread.", "A plate with a sandwich, glass of milk, fork and knife", "A plate holds Eggs Benedict with tomatoes and pickles. ", "An open face sandwich with tomatoes, pickles, and a glass of milk.", "A sandwich has cheese, veggies, and pickles on it."]
["a number of vegetables arranged and on display", "A bunch of vegetables and fruits in bins for sale", "A stand with a lot of different vegetables in boxes.", "a bunch of baskets of some vegetables ", "A row of baskets full of vegetables in a street market."]
["A display in  a store filled with carrots, cauliflower and greens.", "An array of vegetables is displayed in wooden boxes.", "A lot of vegtables all put up into crates .", "A produce stand with carrots, onions, cauliflower and beets.", "Crates of carrots, cauliflower, celery, radishes, and onions."]
["A plate with a starch, vegetable and meat on it.", "A plate of food and a fork on a table.", "A green plate topped with rice, chicken and veggies.", "A plate that is filled with different types of food.", "rice and vegetables on a plate about to be served."]
["A table full of food including bread, vegetables and fish.", "A dinner of bread, fish and carrots and potatoes.", "A metal platter topped with fish and vegetables.", "A plarte of various types of foods like fish and vegetables", "A plate of fish and vegetables with a side of bread and a salad."]
["A group of beautiful women sitting around a wooden table.", "Several women sitting around a table with cups and papers.", "A group of women are doing crafts at the table.", "A group of girls drinking coffee and working on a project ", "Several women are seated at a table with coffee and crafting supplies on it."]
["This is an image of a skier that has fallen in the snow.", "Skier laying down on back in snow smiling", "A man laying in the snow with skis on his feet.", "A skiier laying down in a snow bank posing for a picture.", "A skier that has fallen down in the snow"]
["A person is riding a skateboard in a tennis court.", "The young man is riding his skateboard around the park. ", "A man riding a skateboard on top of a cement ground.", "There is a person riding a skateboard on a tennis court", "A man in blue shirt riding a skateboard on tennis court."]
["There are a lot if friends playing in the ski slope", "some snow skiers cheering at the top of the hill", "People cheer at the top of a snowy ski hill.", "The group is going skiing  on the snow.", "A group of people standing on top of a sky slope."]
["a person riding a skate board at a skate park", "A person doing tricks on a skate board at a skate park", "The skateboarder is attempting a very tricky maneuver.", "The skateboarder is balancing sideways on a ramp as the crowd watches.", "there is a person riding a skateboard up a ramp"]
["A man holding skis and poles walking up stairs.", "A man with skis climbing a staircase at night.", "A man walking up some stairs while holding skis.", "a man holding skis walking up some steps ", "A man walking up snow covered stairs carrying skis."]
["A man flying through the air while riding a snowboard.", "A snowboarder is catching air on the slopes on a sunny day. ", "A snowboarder doing a trick in the snow.", "A person on a snowboard jumping off a rock onto some snow.", "A snowboarder flying off a small snowy cliff."]
["A snowboarder stands next to a person in skis.", "Two snowboarders stopped at the top of a mountain. ", "Two skiers on the slopes on a sunny day", "a SKIER AND SNOWBOARDER STANDING AT THE TOP OF THE SLOPE", "Two people at the top of a mountain ready to head downhill on skis."]
["A man riding a skateboard across a street.", "Young skateboarder riding on urban street in daytime.", "A man on a skateboard is crossing a street.", "A man on a skateboard is riding in the street", "A man is long boarding across the street with his backpack. "]
["A snow boarder is standing on a snow covered mountain.", "A snow boarder stands on the top of a mountain.", "The snowboarder is standing in the middle of snow looking towards the bottom. ", "The snowboarder scopes out the terrain before starting his run.", "Snowboarder near top of slope at high altitude."]
["Man performing skateboarding trick on cement in daylight", "A man riding a skateboard down the side of a ramp.", "A guy on a skate board on a ramp.", "A person on top of a ramp on a skateboard in a park.", "boy in black sweater grinds along the edge on his skateboard"]
["A man on a skateboard in a skate park", "A skateboarder is jumping onto a rail near crowd.", "spectators watching a guy on skate board at park", "Skateboarders love to watch one another to learn tricks and tips.", "A group of people standing up against a metal hand rail."]
["A boy ollies his skateboard at an outdoor skate-park.", "a person jumping a skate board in the air", "a man jumping a skateboard in front of two ramps", "Two young men skateboarding at a skate park.", "Two guys are on their skateboards at the park. "]
["a mixture of different substances in a big bowl", "A photo looking into a large mixing bowl with some kind of batter.", "A lot of food that is in a bowl.", "We are looking at a pale yellow mixture in a mixing bowl.", "A bowl filled with butter and flower and a large fork."]
["A man wearing skis posting for a picture at night in the snow.", "A man wearing a coat and skis in the snow.", "A posing for a picture while on skis in the snow.", "A man is wearing a pair of skis in the snow.", "A man standing on his skis in the snow."]
["A young man is standing with a skateboard on a sidewalk with the chalk message, \"life is beautiful\".", "A man holding a skateboard is on graffiti-covered concrete.", "a man with a skateboard is near so graffiti", "A young man with a skate board on top of chalked sidewalk.", "a man using a tool to write a love note on the sidewalk "]
["A group of men standing next to each other on a stage.", "A group of men standing on a make shift stage.", "Four men and a little girl near or on a stage", "Four men holding a trophy and on a stage.", "Four tanned men and a girl at an event."]
["People are riding ramps on a skateboard in a fenced area.", "Two young boys make a stunt while skating", "A skateboarder is trying to do a trick. ", "A young skateboarder performing a stunt on a wooden ramp.", "A group of men riding skateboards on top of a skateboard ramp."]
["A man riding skis down the side of a ski slope.", "A man skiing down a hill on ski's with a back pack.", "a guy in a short sleeve shirt skiing down the slopes ", "A man skiing down a snow covered hill with a backpack.", "A man skiing with a backpack and ski poles. "]
["A man riding a skateboard over a blue drum.", "A boy on a skateboard in mid air with a barrel below him.", "A man jumps over a barrel on a skateboard.", "A guy is in the air performing a trick on a skateboard. ", "A young man jumps over a blue tubular object with his skateboard. "]
["A skateboarder stands on his board atop a narrow rail. ", "A skateboarder skating on a fence rail that someone is holding.", "a boy does a trick on a skate board", "A skateboarder balances his skateboard on a railing.", "The skateboarder is balanced on top of the rail."]
["A boy that is standing on a skateboard.", "A sun glare near a person riding a skate board.", "a person is doing a trick on a skateboard", "A young man performing a skate board trick at sunset.", "She is graceful on the skateboard, opening her posture to the sun with its flare in the beautiful snapshot."]
["Makeshift skate park set up on a blocked off city street", "A street scene with skateboard rails and ramps.", "A person that is writing a skateboard of the street.", "a person riding a skate board on a makeshift skate park", "A man riding a skateboard down a street filled with wooden ramps."]
["A group of men riding up the side of a skateboard ramp.", "Multiple skateboarders in the same outfit ride in a demonstration.", "People in same type of dress and safety helmets are skateboarding on a half-pipe.", "A group of men on skateboards on a ramp.", "A picture of a guy on a skateboard "]
["A plate that has four hotdogs and buns with a bottle of ketchup and mustard next to it.", "Four hotdogs that are on a plate on a table.", "a plate of plain hot dogs sitting on a table next to some bottles of ketchup and mustard ", "Four hot dogs are displayed on a plate.", "There are four hotdogs on this person's plate."]
["A kid bites into a hotdog on a car", "A young man is sitting on the side of a bus eating a hot dog.", "Child sitting on the stop of a truck biting into a hot dog.", "a child sitting on a car eating a hot dog", "A young kid eating a hot dog while sitting on a van step."]
["Two young girls on skateboards with a beagle in the front.", "There are two people standing near a skateboard and a dog.", "Two girls on skateboards are looking toward a skateboard that does not have a rider.", "A teenage girl and boy skateboarding beside an old building.", "A teen boy and teen girl standing on skateboards in front of a stone brick wall."]
["A man on a snowboard at the bottom of the slope.", "A man riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.", "A snowboarder is smiling in the white snow.", "Smiling man on snowboard, under a street light.", "A person standing on a snowboard in the snow at night."]
["A group of young people walking across a snow covered field.", "A group of snowboarders walk on a snowy hill.", "A group of people with snowboards in the snow.", "Snowboarders walking with all their gear on the mountainside. ", "Snowboarders walking up the mountain with their gear."]
["A plate topped with a hamburger and hot dog.", "a close up of a plate with a burger and a hot dog", "A cheeseburger with fixings and a hotdog with condiments on a plate", "A plate with a hot dog, hamburger and french fries.", "A hamburger, corn and a hot dog on a plate . "]
["A table filled with sandwiches and trays of fruit.", "Large assortment of foods displayed in buffet on table.", "A table filled with food and a silver serving bowl.", "Many plates of food are next to a crock pot on a table. ", "A serving pot next to several trays of food."]
["a man on  a picture with a surfing board ", "A sign for a snow team hangs in the window", "a sign that is hanging up in window", "An advertising poster in the corner of a window.", "A poster of a man with a snowboard is in the window."]
["Two girls are eating hot dogs in a mall.", "there are two woman sitting together eating food", "A woman eating a sub next to a woman smiling with a hot dog in her hand.", "A young lady is about to bite her treat. ", "Two girls eating food with their hands for the camera."]
["French fries, two hot dogs, a pickle, and cup on a table.", "two hot dogs with tomatoes a pickle and some French fries", "Hot dogs and french fries are in baskets on a tray.", "A wooden table with two hot dogs, french fries and a cup on it.", "A counter showing two hot dogs and a side of fries with a drink"]
["The young child is eating a sandwich while the adults prepare food.", "A kid eats a sandwich on a picnic bench.", "A young boy holding a sandwich up to his face.", "a boy trying to eat a hot dog while sitting at a bench", "A boy sitting on a picnic table eating, while his elders are in the background."]
["A girl eating a sandwich in a public place.", "A beautiful blonde sitting at a table eating a sandwich", "A girl with a nose ring eating a sandwich.", "A girl sitting down, outside, eating a sandwich.", "There is a girl eating a sandwich, she has blue eyes and her nose is pierced."]
["A hand holding a hotdog over a paper tray.", "A hot dog in a hot dog bun and ketchup ", "a person eating a hot dog with ketchup ", "a person eating a hot dog, with a basket of toppings.", "Man holding food item displayed near take out tray."]
["A man opening his  Mouth wide to eat a large sausage sandwhich ", "A man posing eating a large hot dog with lots of condiments on top", "A man is eating a large sausage sandwich with lots of toppings.", "A man stuffing two hotdogs in his mouth at once", "A picture of a person eating some food."]
["A man holding a cutting board while making the peace sign.", "This Asian man is very excited about his food.", "a man sitting in front of a  some seats with hats on them", "A man is holding a tray of hot dogs.", "A person holding up a piece sign holding food in the other hand."]
["ALL THE DELICIOUS TREATS DISPLAYED IN THE DELI.", "Many variations of donuts are being displayed on the shelf.", "Various desserts on the shelves on display at the bakery", "a display of donuts at a bakery for sale and labeled", "A selection of very decadent food at the local bakery"]
["a pizza in its cardboard box sitting on a table", "An open box holding a big tasty looking pizza.", "The pizza is inside of it's delivery box on a workbench.", "A pizza in a box sitting on a table.", "A box of uneaten pizza amid a mess."]
["The pizza looks like it may be ready to come out.", "A pastry is shown on the inside of the oven.", "A pie or pizza is fresh out of the oven. ", "A small over with a pizza inside of it .", "A pizza crust is being put into a toaster oven."]
["A table topped with two plates of food.", "There are two plate of food on a table.", "Food lays on several plates that sits on a peach colored table.", "Two plates of food at an outdoor restaurant.", "A dining table with two plates of food on it."]
["A man with skis and a man with a snowboard.", "The skier and snowboarders are on the mountain.", "a person holding a snow board on a snowy surface", "Two skiers preparing to head down a ski slope.", "A group of people standing on top of a snow covered slope."]
["Some cute little boys at a little table eating together.", "Young boys sitting at table enjoying lunch on deck.", "A group of three small children sitting down at a small table eating.", "three children sitting at a table eating food", "Three little boys eat a meal at a tiny table on a deck."]
["A close up view of some very pretty pastries.", "A rack filled with lots of different flavored donuts.", "so many chocolate donuts on a grill well arranged", "some donuts with frosting and sprinkles sitting on a cooling rack", "The display case has three different flavors of donuts. "]
["A donut covered in chocolate sitting on top of a paper bag.", "A perfectly round donut slathered in chocolate frosting is cut into smaller pieces.", "A chocolate covered doughnut is depicted with before and after shots.", "Two photos of a doughnut with one showing it eaten.", "two pictures of a glazed donut and in one a bite has been taken out of it"]
["A soccer player is preparing to kick a soccer ball.", "Soccer player wearing red and black kicking at a ball. ", "A man on a soccer field next to a ball.", "A soccer player winds up for a mighty kick.", "A soccer player getting ready to kick a ball."]
["A man holding a football on a grassy field", "A man is running while carrying a football.", "Man holding a ball on a field running. ", "a man in a uniform holding a football in the park ", "A man runs with a ball in his hands."]
["A chicken cutlet with tomato sauce on a roll", "The sandwich is made of bread and chicken.", "close up of a chicken burger in a persons hand", "Fried fish in a roll at a fast food restaurant.", "A close up of chicken in between a hamburger bun."]
["A couple of people at a table with a cake.", "A little boy looking at his birthday cake.", "A mother and his boy sitting by his birthday cake.", "A young boy in a crown getting ready to eat a cake.", "a woman and boy sitting at a table with cake."]
["a burger and salad are on a plate for dinner", "A plate of tossed salad and a sandwich.", "A burger and a salad are being displayed on a plate. ", "A white plate topped with two sandwiches and a salad.", "Two small sandwiches sitting next to a salad. "]
["Group of chocolate covered strawberries on square plate.", "Chocolate dipped strawberries laid out on a small dish. ", "a close up of four chocolate covered strawberries on a plate ", "A plate of 4 chocolate covered strawberries on a table.", "Some strawberries that have a chocolate coating on them."]
["A table that has menus and glasses sitting on it.", "A dining table filled with many assorted items.", "A person reads the menu at a table of a restaurant with many objects on the table, including a bright yellow mug and saucer.", "People reading a menu at a restaurant and drinking waters. ", "There are many menus showing the food selections."]
["Series of small portions of food being put into a small oven.", "A toast oven with white cubes in side the open door.", "A toaster oven with a tray full of white square food.", "Several items are on a tray inside of a toaster oven.", "A small electric oven with a tray inside"]
["A man reaching for a soccer ball on a soccer field.", "A goalie at a soccer game attempting to block a soccer ball from the goal.", "A Soccer player is trying to recover the ball with other plays present. ", "A soccer goalie diving to keep the ball out of the net.", "A goalie making a diving block to stop the other team from scoring. "]
["The two men are looking at the upright surfboard. ", "A person holding a surfboard and a man standing next to it with his hand extended to the board.", "these people are looking at a wood surf board", "Two men are looking at a white surfboard.", "Two men talk about a yellow surf board "]
["A chocolate cake with nuts on top on a cake plate in the grass.", "A plate of food that is in the grass.", "A cake on a clear serving plate setting in green grass.", "A chocolate cake set on a stand in the grass.", "A nutty cake is sitting in the grass."]
["A group of blueberry muffins sitting on a tray.", "Muffins sitting out on an oven rack in a kitchen.", "a close up of many muffins on a grill", "Muffins cooling off in a modern style kitchen", "Some muffins are cooling on a wire rack.  "]
["A man holds up a glass of wine with a smile.", "A man sitting at a table with a plate of food and a cup on it holding a wine glass in the air.", "A smiling man holding up a glass of wine at a table.", "A man has a sandwich and a glass of wine.", "A man making a toast with a glass of wine and a sandwich on a plate in front of him."]
[" a partially eaten sandwich and a soda", "A partially eaten subway style sandwich on a paper plate next to a plastic cup full of soda.", "A half eaten sandwich is sitting on a tray.", "A red with a sandwich and a cup of soda. ", "A half eaten sandwich on a white plate on a tray."]
["A group of men playing a game of soccer.", "A crowd is watching teams play a soccer game.", "A soccer game is being played before a crowd.", "Spectators in a stadium watching a soccer game.", "Soccer players wearing red and white uniforms on a field. "]
["A couple different pastries on a pastry dish.", "An assortment of pastries on display under glass.", "Two cake plates with glass tops sitting on a table.", "Pastries under serving glasses at a coffee shop", "A table holds different pastries under glass lids."]
["A lemon piece of pie sitting on top of a blue and white plate.", "A very pretty plate with a piece of quiche on it.", "A slice of pie is sitting on a plate with a fork.", "A lemon dessert sitting on a wood table.", "A slice of quiche and a fork sit on a plate."]
["A large pastry has been decorated with cherries and yellow icing.", "A knife next to a pie on a wooden plate.", "A wooden plate with a pastry covered in frosting and cherries.", "A pastry is decorated in a lattice style on a piece of burlap with a knife.", "A colorful dessert on a table with a knife."]
["A bed sitting in a bedroom next to a flat screen TV.", "The contemporary bedroom features several unusual paintings and mirrors..", "A bedroom has a large white bed with a modern look.", "A bedroom with a bed, desk, and tv with paper and pen on the table", "a modern bedroom with abstract paintings on the wall"]
["A group of young boys playing a soccer game in progress.", "Boys playing soccer together at a soccer field.", "a small group of boys playing soccer outside", "A group of young people playing a game of soccer.", "A group of young men are playing soccer.  "]
["A group of kids that are playing soccer on a field.", "A soccer player getting ready to kick the soccer ball.", "Some teenagers are playing in a soccer game.", "young kids that are playing a game of soccer", "young males wearing soccer uniforms playing in a soccer field"]
["Clothes and a teddy bear are on a small mattress.", "A messy bed in a room with large glass windows.", "there is a air bed on the floor on a balcony", "A bedroom with an unmade bed with a teddy bear lying on it, as if asleep", "Inflatable mattress on a screened in porch "]
["A man in a white shirt and black shorts jumps near a soccer ball.", "A man flying through the air in front of a soccer ball.", "A person is on a field with a ball.", "An illustration of a man jumping to kick a ball.", "A picture of a man kicking a soccer ball on a field."]
["A beach with waves coming in, and two people in wet suits and carrying surfboards, from the back, walking to the water.", "two surfer with surf boards heading out to the water", "a couple of people walk on a beach with surf board ", "To surfers holding boards underneath their arms going into the ocean. ", "Two surfers walk across the beach towards the ocean. "]
["A woman lays on her bed with her dog while using the mirror to take a picture.", "A woman laying in her bed taking a picture with her dog.", "This woman is lying on the bed with her dog and taking a picture in the mirror", "A woman takes a picture of herself on a bed next to a small dog. ", "Lady laying across a bed with a dog."]
["A stack of books sitting on top of a table.", "A group of books that are stacked on each other.", "Variety of books stacked on table in indoor environment.", "a bunch of books are stacked up on a table", "Various different types of books, including non-fiction, are piled in one high pile."]
["A bed that is un made with a laptop open", "A bedroom with a bed topped with a wooden head board.", "A laptop sitting on a bed with wrinkled sheets.", "An unmade bed with a laptop on it", "A bed with white sheets and pillows with a laptop on it."]
["A table topped with a cake and eating utensils.", "some forks and knifes are laying near some food", "a desert on a purple fabric with silverware", "A dessert sits on a plate next to silver ware", "A cake with gelatin in it next to some silverware."]
["The rocks in the background make this a dangerous place to surf.", "A person that is standing on surfboard in the water.", "a surfer in a wet suit is surfing on a white board", "A surfer ridding a wave near a pile of broken concrete.", "A man is surfing in the wavy rocky water."]
["A man riding a wave on a surfboard.", "Group of surfers in the ocean riding on really big waves. ", "The wide ocean with three surfers riding the waves.", "A group of surfers riding waves in the ocean", "A person surfing in the ocean, with other surfers in the waves."]
["A man is riding waves with his surfboard.", "A person that is having a lot of fun on their surfboard. ", "a person riding a surf board on a wave", "A man is surfing the waves in the ocean.", "a man is laying on a surfboard riding a wave"]
["A group of people walking on a beach next to the ocean.", "People walking toward the ocean with their surfboards.", "Four people walking with surfboards on a shoreline.", "Four surfers walking out into the water at dusk.", "The surfers are carrying their boards into the surf."]
["A man riding a wave on a surfboard.", "A surfer crashes into the crest of an ocean wave.", "A person is riding the waves on a surfboard.", "a man on a surf board surfing in the oceaN", "A surfer rides his board on the crest of a wave"]
["an ornate presentation setting with a fruit tart with an unlit candle and a serving of a tart on a fork and serving knife", "There is some dessert displayed on a dish.", "A large dessert with berries and 3 single servings of the same dessert.", "Three small tarts are next to a larger tart with the same toppings.", "There are several plates with different pastries on the plate"]
["Small bedroom with a bed, lamp, dresser, and a small chair. ", "An empty bed sitting in a bedroom next to a table with a lamp.", "Small bed sitting in the middle of a personal room.", "The bed is made with a quilt and red blanket at the foot.", "A bed with a purple conforter next to a dresser and lamp."]
["A red surfboard is sticking up from the ocean waves.", "A surfboard sticks up out of a large wave.", "surfboarder falling into a wave near the shore of the beach", "A surf board falls in the water on the edge of wave.", "A surfer in the ocean that has fallen off the surfboard. "]
["A bed with lots of pillows under a picture hanging on a wall.", "A photo of a bed that has been made,", "A twin bed is made in a hotel room.", "A hotel room with a clean and nicely made bed.", "A designer pillow next to some regular pillows on a bed."]
["a surfer is seen mid air jumping from a wave", "A person is performing a trick on a surfboard.", "A surfer catching a big wave on the ocean.", "a guy on a surfboard jumping off of a wave", "A person doing a trick on a surfboard on a wave."]
["a man in a wetsuit riding a wave ", "A man is surfing a wave on a surf board.", "A man that is on a surfboard in the water.", "A surfer in a wetsuit riding a wave on his surfboard.", "a man is riding a wave on a surfboard"]
["A hospital room filled with lots of beds.", "Empty beds and medical equipment in a hospital", "A blue and white hospital room with three beds.", "Looking inside a hospital room with three beds.", "There are three hospital beds in a hospital room."]
["This lady is ready for her slice of cake.", "A person holding a fork and holding their face close to a piece of cake on a plate.", "The woman has a slice of cake on her plate.", "A lady holding up a very big piece of cake.", "a women bent down looking at a piece of cake"]
["A stove with two kettles and a pan of pizza on it. ", "A pizza sitting on top of a pan on a stove top.", "A stove top with a pizza on a pan ", "a white stove with a pizza on a pan, a coffee pot and a hot water pot", "A rectangular pizza is on a stove next to pots."]
["A bed with lots of pillows and a blanket.", "A cleaned up bedroom with the lights on. ", "A bed with two nightstands and two lamps in a room. ", "The bedroom has white pillows and lit with two lamps", "A hotel bedroom with a purple bed and two end tables."]
["a person riding a surf board on a wave", "A male surfer rides a small wave into shore. ", "A man on a surfboard riding an ocean wave.", "People surfing on ocean waves near the beach.", "A man riding a save on top of a surfboard in the ocean."]
["An open box with pizza that has meat and vegetables.", "a close up of a box of open pizza", "A pizza sitting in a box on a cloth.", "A pizza in a pizza box with some hot peppers on it as well.", "A pizza with several different toppings in a pizza box."]
["A person is laying on a rolling bed in the street", "A woman in jeans and with glasses with an excited expression as she lay on a bed with wheels in front of a building.", "A person jumping in to a red bed.", "A woman with glasses poses on a bed outside a building", "a person laying on a bed with wheels outdoors"]
["A group of women are sitting on a bed.", "A group of four woman on top of a bed.", "Black and white photograph of women laying on bed.", "Four people are laying and sitting on a bed.", "Four women are posing on top of a bed."]
["A man and two women sitting on a bed and one woman with a guitar.", "A group of people sitting together on a bed.", "A picture of three people, one playing the guitar.", "a woman with long dark hair a man with long dark hair and a guitar player", "Three people, one with a guitar, sit together in a black and white scene."]
["A group of people watching a man in the water.", "there are many surfers riding in the water", "A group of people that are watching a man on a surfboard in a river.", "Three men standing next to a river bank are looking up at an old bridge that has people crossing on it.", "A person riding some rapids on a surfboard."]
["A woman in a bikini top carries a surf board near the water.", "A woman carrying a surf board walking on a pier.", "A woman in a bikini carries a surfboard across a bridge.", "A beautiful girl in a blue bikini top holding a surfboard.", "A woman is walking across a wooden bridge with a surfboard."]
["A man riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.", "A surfer prepares to ride a large wave.", "a surfer in a blue jersey is surfing on a sunny day", "A surfer is coming down the top of a wave", "A surfer overtakes the wave and proceeds to the downward."]
["Surf boarder riding on a big ocean wave.", "A surfer is in the middle of a big wave.", "A surfer wiping out on an ocean wave. ", "Person surfing in the ocean on a sunny day", "Man surfing a wave on the ocean tide."]
["Three cats are lying on an unmade bed.", "A few cats lounging on an unmade bed.", "an unmade bed with a cat sitting on it", "Several cast laying on a bed that is not made.", "The bed is unmade and three cats are sitting on the rumpled sheets."]
["Three cats resting on a blanket covered bed next to a shoe rack.", "Two cats are sitting on a bed with a rack of shoes in the background.", "Three cats hanging out on a bed in a bedroom.", "A cat photo bombing a picture of other cats sleeping on a bed.", "three cats and the withe and brown one is looking into the camera"]
["A man walking next to another man on a tennis court.", "Two tennis players are walking along the net on the court", "Two players on a tennis court with a net between them.", "It proved to be a long and strenuous tennis match.", "Two tennis players are walking by the tennis net. "]
["A male tennis player after hitting the ball and losing his racket ", "A tennis player standing on one leg with the racquet flying in front of him.", "A male tennis player kicking his leg up on the court.", "A man on a court throwing a tennis racket.", "a tennis player on a court with his racket out of his hands"]
["An older woman eats at a table while watching TV.", "A person sits alone at a dining table and watches TV.", "A woman sits at a kitchen table watching TV.", "An elderly woman sits eating at a wooden table.", "A woman sitting at a wooden dinner table near a TV."]
["A man on the tennis court is about to use his racket. ", "Tennis player looks as though he is beginning his serve.", "A tennis player with red shoes serves the ball.", "A man swinging his racket while playing tennis. ", "A man serving while he plays a match of tennis."]
["There is a man holding a tennis racket in his hand.", "A man with a hat on holding a tennis racket.", "A tennis player holding his racket before a match.", "a man in a hat fixes his tennis racket ", "A male tennis player looks at his tennis racket."]
["A tennis player holding a racket and ball", "A person on a tennis court jumping and hitting a ball with a racket.", "A young man about to hit a tennis ball with a tennis racket. ", "a man goes to hit a tennis ball with a racket", "a tennis player is on the court taking a swing"]
["the man is swinging a tennis racket while jumping", "A tennis player jumped and swung his ratchet.", "A male tennis player jumps up to catch a ball with his racket.", "a man is swinging a tennis racket on a court", "A man is holding  tennis racquet in order to hit the ball."]
["A man standing on a blue tennis court holding a racquet.", "A tennis player standing on a tennis court looking up.", "a tennis player looking up a the ball", "A tennis player standing with bent knees and looking upwards.", "There is a tennis player looking up at the ball"]
["A man hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.", "A man hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racquet.", "A tennis player is about to hit a ball in front of a crowd.", "A tennis player is juggling the ball as the crowd watches.", "A male tennis player in action before a crowd."]
["A man with a tennis racket on a court.", "A male tennis player serving the tennis ball.", "Man in white shirt holding a tennis racket on a court. ", "A tennis player captured while posing on a tennis court.", "A man is serving a tennis ball in a game of tennis."]
["an old fashioned television on a city side walk", "An old tv sitting on a sidewalk with wires hanging out of it.", "An old television is sitting on the sidewalk.", "An old television sits alone on a sidewalk.", "An old television sitting on the sidewalk. "]
["Two professional male tennis players sitting court-side and drinking water", "two male sitting at the chair getting ready to play tennis", "Two men sitting next to each other holding racquets.", "Two tennis players sitting near the court drinking water", "Two tennis players sit drinking bottles of water as they rest."]
["a tennis player is surrounded by a bunch of people", "A man sitting down in a chair on a tennis court.", "A grooup of people wearing tennis clothes stand around another player holding a bottle of water.", "a man in a hat sits with a bottle and tennis racket", "A man with a water bottle sitting on a bench"]
["This laptop and monitor are surrounded by many wires", "A laptop and screen in a small room.", "A laptop computer is joined by a tangle of colored wires and a computer monitor.", "The desk is covered in cords, a desktop, and a laptop on a homemade docking station.", "A laptop computer sitting on top of a table."]
["Two young boys sitting in the back of a truck while holding tennis racquets.", "Two young boys play air guitar on tennis rackets on the back of a pickup truck.", "Two boys using tennis rackets as though they were guitars.", "Two young boys pretend to play guitars with tennis rackets.", "Two boys pretend to play guitar on tennis rackets."]
["A man standing on a tennis court holding a tennis raquet.", "Tennis player running after the ball on a tennis court.", "A man tennis player holding a racket about to hill the tennis ball.", "A tennis player is doing a backhand to return a ball.", "A tennis player hitting a ball in front of a Rolex sign."]
["A tennis player seated on a bench with a bag while holding two rackets", "A man sitting on a bench holding up two tennis rackets next to each other.", "A man sitting on a bench holding two tennis rackets. ", "a man sits on a bench with two rackets", "a tennis player is sitting on a bench with rackets"]
["A man holds a racket and goes to hit a ball.", "A man is hitting a tennis ball with a racket.", "A man playing tennis, caught grimacing in mid-swing.", "A man is swinging at a tennis ball on the court.", "A tennis player hitting the ball with the racket."]
["A group of five people holding tennis rackets with a tennis ball.", "A few people with tennis raquets in front of the net.", "Five people are standing with tennis rackets on a sandy tennis court.", "Five people with rackets stand by a tennis net.", "A group of five people holding racquets on a tennis court."]
["A man with a orange headband is playing tennis.", "this is a man in the middle of a tennis match", "A man swinging hard to hit a tennis ball", "A crowd of spectators are watching an athlete compete.", "The man with an orange headband is hitting the ball."]
["A laptop sits on a stack of books on top of a messy desk.", "A bookshelf that has a various types of items on it.", "A essy computer room with a fish picture.", "A big desk with a computer and a bunch of other items on it", "A corner with some shelves that is cluttered with items."]
["a tennis player wearing a red shirt  is playing tennis", "Running man on a tennis court with his tennis racket over his shoulder.", "Muscles tightly clenched, the tennis player reaches to hit the ball.", "There is a male tennis player in a tennis match", "a man on a tennis court running a bit"]
["A tennis player is biting his towel as he walks to the back of the court.", "A man with a racket walks on a court with a towel.", "A tennis player is biting his towel while on court. ", "A man on a tennis court chewing on a towel and holding a racquet.", "a blue and green pro tennis court and a tennis player"]
["a man kneeling down a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A person with a tennis racket on a court.", "Guy bends forward as he waits for the tennis serve from the his opponent ", "A man with a racket crouches on a court.", "A man bent over on a tennis court waiting for the ball."]
["A man that is standing on a tennis court with a racquet.", "A man is holding a tennis racket and a woman is in the background.", "A male tennis player holds a racquet and walks on the court.", "Tennis player wearing a blue shirt and white shorts holding a tennis racket in his right hand walking towards a sign with a uniformed security guard in the back by the sign.", "A man holding a tennis racket in his hand."]
["A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A PERSON PLAYING A SHOT IN THE GAME OF TENNIS.", "a young man is about to hit a tennis ball with his racquet.", "A man taking a swing at a tennis ball", "A tennis player is making an effort during a match."]
["A woman swinging a tennis racquet at a tennis ball.", "The tennis player is about to hit the ball.", "A woman hitting a tennis ball with the racquet she's holding in her hand.", "A woman that is standing on a tennis court with a racquet.", "A woman playing tennis in mid-swing in front of a large crowd."]
["A women playing tennis with a crowd in the background watching. ", "A female tennis player dressed in blue swinging a tennis racket.", "A woman with an intense look rared back with her tennis racquet.", "A woman with a sunvisor on swinging a tennis racket. ", "The tennis player is attempting to return the szerve."]
["A couple of men sitting next to each other in chairs.", "a tennis player sitting down and holding a racket", "two people sitting next to each other on folding chairs on a tennis court", "Tennis players sit on the sidelines at a tournament.", "A couple of tennis players sitting in some chairs."]
["A tennis player uses all of his energy to connect with the ball.", "A tennis player making a hit of the ball.", "A MAN IS PLAYING TENNIS ON THE COURT ", "A bearded male tennis player striking a tennis ball.", "A man hitting a tennis ball with a racket. "]
["A woman in pink dress playing a game of tennis with people in background.", "A tennis player playing tennis in a pink tennis dress, and a white visor. ", "a woman at the end of the court getting ready to hit the ball ", "A women is about to swing and hit a tennis ball. ", "A female tennis player in a fuschia tennis dress is about to hit a backhand return. "]
["A boy eating from a meat pizza at a restaurant table with other people at other tables.", "A boy with glasses takes the first slice out of a ham and sausage pizza.", "A young boy taking a bite of his piece of pizza. ", "a little boy eating on a piece of pizza", "A young boy eating a pizza at a table."]
["A male tennis player swinging his tennis racquet.", "A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "Male tennis player with white shirt and blue shorts swinging a black tennis racket", "A man playing tennis is making a power shot.", "Man in a mid tennis swing holding a racket."]
["a large piece of pizza on a big white plate", "A slice of pizza on top of a white plate.", "a close up of a slice of pizza on a plate on a table", "A slice of pizza on a plate on a table. .", "A slice of pepperoni pizza on a white plate."]
["A closeup of a pepperoni pizza in dark area. ", "A pizza on a table lit only by candles.", "A rustic pizza on a table with a a candle in a very dark room.", "A fully cooked pizza that has been set next to a candle.", "A pizza sitting on a table near a glass and a candle."]
["A pizza sitting on top of a pizza pan with a couple of slices missing.", "A vegetarian pizza with spinach and garlic cloves. ", "A couple of slices have been eaten from the pizza.", "A pizza on a stand has a couple pieces missing at a restaurant.", "A pizza is shown on a plate with a serving knife."]
["The tennis pro is wearing Nike sports clothing.", "A man holding a tennis racket playing tennis on the court", "The man is playing tennis with his tennis racket.", "a tennis player swinging a racket at a ball", "a tennis player after the serve is over"]
["A man in white shirt and black shorts playing tennis.", "A man with a racket hits a ball.", "A man taking a swing at a tennis ball", "A tennis player is swinging at the ball.", "Altered photograph of an athlete hitting a tennis ball"]
["A young tennis player ready to hit a ball to the other court", "Action shot of a man playing tennis, hitting the ball.", "A man swinging a tennis racket at a tennis ball.", "Man in blue and white clothing playing tennis on a court.", "A tennis player is swinging his racket to hit a ball."]
["A man hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racquet.", "A professional tennis player about to make contact with the ball", "A man hitting a tennis ball with his racket.", "A tennis player is on the court swinging at a ball.", "A person is hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racket."]
["A man sitting on a tennis court wearing a green backwards hat.", "A tennis player wiping his hands on a towel", "an image of a tennis player that  is injured ", "A tennis player is sitting on a bench drying his hands.", "Tennis player wipes his hands down on the bench"]
["A table that has a plate with pieces of square cut pizza on it and a remote control behind it.", "Pizza on a plate sitting on a table.\n", "A large plateful of cheese pizza is on a tablecloth.", "Some tiny pizzas on a blue and white plate", "The blue and white plate is holding pieces of pizza."]
["Three people seated on a bench, one with a tennis racket and a fourth standing", "One man sits laughing and the other man is looking away. ", "Two athletic men are sitting on a bench.", "Two guys are sitting on the bench near someone standing. ", "Two men sitting at a white bench with tennis gear."]
["A man sitting on a bench with his tennis racket getting ready to play a match.", "A young tennis player is sitting down holding his racket. ", "A man that is sitting on a bench on a tennis court.", "A man sitting on a bench holding his tennis racket in his hand. ", "Tennis player smiling and sitting on a bench."]
["Man slicing a pizza with a pizza cutter, at home.", "A student standing in the kitchen slicing some pizza. ", "A man next to a pizza that is on a platter.", "A man standing over a pizza cutter on a table.", "A man in red is cutting into a pizza."]
["A woman is hitting the ball with a tennis racket on the tennis court. ", "two women and one is playing tennis and is wearing orange", "A woman holding a tennis racquet with a ball coming in her direction.", "A tennis player turns her racket sideways as she returns the ball.", "An official watching as a woman tennis player tries to return the ball."]
["A young woman holding a tennis racquet while wearing a short skirt.", "A woman playing tennis reaches for the ball.", "A woman hitting a tennis ball during a professional match. ", "a couple of people that are on a tennis court", "A woman is running with a racket to hit a tennis ball."]
["A tennis player stretches out his racket on a clay tennis court.", "A man playing tennis is hitting a ball.", "a tennis player leaning forward to hit a ball with his racket", "A tennis player makes a low split to return a ball.", "A guy with a tennis raquet on a court."]
["This player swings his racket during a match", "A man hits a tennis ball in the middle of a match.", "A person holding a tennis racket in their hands.", "A tennis player holding a tennis racket on a orange surface.", "A tennis player winds up a backhand shot"]
["The man in the green shirt and cap is walking with a tennis racket. ", "A tennis player holding a racket and taking off his hat.", "A tennis player wipes his face with hat.", "The man in the green shirt is holding a tennis racket.", "A man holding a tennis racket while on the tennis court"]
["A man holding a tennis racquet near a tennis ball on a court.", "A man with a tennis racket getting set to hit the ball hard.", "Male tennis player swinging racket with great effort at mid air ball.", "A young man plays tennis at the Western and Southern Open.", "A man swinging a racket at a tennis ball. "]
["A young woman gets ready to serve the ball.", "The woman is playing tennis with a racquet.", "A tennis player lines her racket up to hit the ball.", "A woman is holding a tennis racquet preparing to serve the ball.", "A female tennis player swinging at a tennis ball."]
["A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A tennis player stands idle while watching something along with onlookers in the stands.\n", "A person is standing holding a tennis racket up their face.", "Professional tennis player putting his racquet to his chin", "I am unable to see any picture above."]
["A male tennis player in a green shirt during a match.", "A frustrated male tennis player losing a tennis match", "A tennis player holding a racket on the tennis court.", "a male tennis player wearing a green shirt", "The tennis player in the green Nike shirt has a pained facial expression."]
["A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A man taking a swing at a tennis ball", "a man standing while holding onto a tennis racket in his right hand", "a close up of a tennis player holding a tennis racket", "A man holding a racquet in front of a crowd."]
["The airborne tennis player hits the tennis ball with his racket.", "A man jumping in the air on a tennis court at a spectator game.", "a man jumping up while hitting a tennis ball", "A man swinging his racket at the tennis ball. ", "A tennis player gets ready to hit the ball as a crown watches from the bleachers."]
["A man hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.", "champion tennis player swats at the ball hoping to win", "A man is hitting his tennis ball with a recket on the court.", "a tennis player on a court with a racket", "A professional tennis player hits a ball as fans watch."]
["A couple of children sitting down on a white wall.", "Two young boys, one holding a tennis racket, sit next to a fence.", "Two small boys sitting next to a fence with tennis rackets. ", "Two young tennis players sitting down by the fence", "Two boys sitting beside of one another while one holds a tennis racquet."]
["A man taking a swing at a tennis ball.", "A young man is on a tennis court with racquet raised.", "The tennis player is holding a Wilson racket, poised to return the ball.", "a man standing on a court getting ready to hit a tennis ball", "A tennis player getting ready to hit the ball."]
["A man with a tennis ball in one hand and a tennis racket in the other.", "A male tennis player standing and looking into the distance on the court.", "A professional tennis player walks at the back of the court.", "A tennis player holding a racket and ball.", "A young man standing on a tennis court holding a ball"]
["A wooden table topped with different kinds of foods.", "Many bowls of vegetables are around two pizzas.", "Homemade pizza, salad and rice on an outdoor table ", "A spread of pizzas, salad, and side dishes on a wooden table.", "a close up of many plates of food on a table with pizza and salad"]
["A man holding a pizza on top of a pan covered in toppings.", "Hands holding a pizza with vegetables and olives. ", "a lady holding a pizza with stuff on it", "A person holding a hot pizza on a pan.", "A homemade pizza that looks delicious has a variety of toppings. "]
["A woman holding a box open with a pizza in it. ", "A woman holding a pizza box with a large pizza in it.", "A white woman smiles at a large pizza in a box", "The pizza in the box is ready to be eaten.", "a large pizza in a box with a woman looking down at it"]
["A tennis player prepares to hit the tennis ball", "A man holding a tennis racquet in front of a tennis ball.", "A picture of a tennis player about to hit a ball. ", "A tennis player is swinging at a tennis ball.", "a man is playing tennis and has a funny face while trying to hit the the ball"]
["Two tennis players talking over the net on a tennis court ", "Two tennis players talk to each other near the net.", "A man giving another man a hand shake on a tennis court.", "A group of men standing around a tennis court.", "Players at center court with camera man during tennis match."]
["a male tennis player volleying a tennis ball at a match", "A man in green shirt playing a game of tennis.", "A man with a tennis racket and a tennis ball going towards him.", "a tennis player hitting a ball with a racket ", "A man holding a tennis racket up with a tennis ball in air and seated spectators behind."]
["A man on a court swinging a racket at a ball.", "A male tennis player swinging his tennis racket.", "a man on a tennis court trying to hit the ball ", "A man swings his tennis racquet at a tennis ball", "A man swinging at a tennis ball with a tennis racket."]
["TENNIS GAME SHOWING ONE PERSON HOLDING A RACKET", "Tennis player in  a white shirt holding a racket", "A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "a man standing by a wall while holding a tennis racket", "The tennis player is ready to return the ball."]
["A professional tennis player exerts himself during a game", "Competitor preparing to return volley during major tennis tournament.", "A man holding a tennis racket in front of a crowd of people.", "A man wearing a yellow shirt holding a tennis racquet.", "There is a man playing tennis on a court."]
["a man is in the middle of playing a game of tennis", "The man is hitting the tennis ball with the tennis racket.", "The man in the white and green shirt is playing tennis", "it looks like the man is catching the tennis ball with his neck", "A man who is trying to hit a tennis ball."]
["A man taking  a swing at a tennis ball", "The tennis player stands ready to swing his racket.", "Man wearing tennis clothing a tennis racket. ", "A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "a male tennis player in a white shirt playing tennis"]
["Professional athlete on clay court during tennis match.", "The tennis player's hair stands on end while balancing on one leg. ", "A man who is lifting one leg up on a tennis court.", "A man on a clay tennis ccourt serving the ball.", "A tennis player stands on one leg, and makes a face."]
["A tennis player in a red shirt is serving the ball.", "Man serving tennis ball and racket with camera watching on court", "A man holding his tennis racket in one hand about to hit a ball.", "Male tennis player throws tennis ball up to serve it.", "A tennis player in action on the court."]
["A professional tennis player with an orange shirt and grey shorts.", "a tennis player with a racket on the court", "A man with a racquet that is on a blue tennis court.", "A man holding a tennis racquet on a court.", "a man leaning a little bit to catch a tennis ball with his racket "]
["a tennis player swinging a racket on a court ", "A man that is standing on a tennis court with a racquet.", "A man holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.", "A man on a tennis court with a racquet.", "A tennis player moments after hitting a ball."]
["a person is jumping up with a tennis racket", "A woman serving a tennis ball on the tennis court.", "A man jumping in the air to hit a tennis ball.", "a tennis player in a black and white shirt ", "a person jumping up to hit a tennis ball"]
["A tennis player looking up for the ball preparing to hit it.", "A man raring back with his tennis racquet on a court.", "A man holding a tennis racquet next to a crowd of people.", "The sun seems to be blinding the tennis player.", "The man is playing  tennis at a tennis game . "]
["A professional tennis player towling off his head", "A man that is sitting down with a towel on his head.", "A man sitting on a chair wiping his head off with a towel. ", "a tennis player sitting in the shade beside the tennis court", "A tennis player with a red shirt and white shorts taking a break."]
["A male tennis player dressed in white playing a match.", "A man playing tennis at a professional match. ", "A man studding on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A man swinging a racket at a tennis ball. ", "A man on a tennis court who is swinging at a tennis ball."]
["A man leans back and gets ready to fall during part of the game. ", "A man leans backwards with a tennis racket, in some sporting event.", "A man on a field with a tennis racket.", "A guy in a tennis match looking up on the court in front of an official.", "A tennis player reacts to a play while falling."]
["A man holding a tennis racquet in his left hand.", "Roger Federer is holding a tennis racquet in backswing motion.", "Man playing tennis holding holding a tennis racket.", "A tennis player holding his tennis racket in one hand. ", "A young man is holding his tennis racket. "]
["a tennis player with a racket on a court", "A man wearing his hat backward with a tennis racket and ball in his hand.", "A man on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "a man standing on a tennis court whil holding a ball and racket ", "A man standing on top of a tennis court holding a racquet."]
["A man with a racket plays on a court.", "A tennis player swinging his raquet and being hit by the ball.", "A young person that is returning a serve to his opponent. ", "A man hitting a ball with a tennis racket on a court.", "A male tennis player in action on the court."]
["A woman sitting at a table with entrees in front of her.", "Woman sitting at a dinner table with multiple plates of food. ", "woman at a table with pates of food in a restuarant", "a woman sitting at a table in front of a pizza", "a person sitting at a table with a a plate of pizza "]
["A tennis player is wiping his racket off with a towel.", "A man in all white holding a racket.", "A good looking tennis player and his friends.", "A man holding a towel and a tennis racket, men in the back looking through backpacks and sitting on chairs.", "A tennis player in front of other people on the side lines."]
["A man with a white cap and clothes holding something.", "a tennis player is inspecting his racket on the court", "A man holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.", "A man is looking down at his tennis racket at a tennis court. ", "The tennis player is wiping down his racket."]
["A man holding a tennis racquet as a tennis ball approaches him.", "A gentleman on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A man with a racket is shown standing on a court.", "The man is holding a tennis racket on a tennis court. ", "A tennis player walking across a tennis court."]
["The tennis player wearing white is swinging his racket.", "A tennis player is getting ready to hit a ball.", "Man in white outfit and hat getting ready to receive the tennis ball with racket in hand.", "A man playing tennis outside during a sunny day.", "Wearing a white tennis outfit and white cap a man gets ready to hit the tennis ball."]
["A man ready to swing his tennis racket", "A man is playing tennis, dressed in white, about to swing his racket.", "A tennis player prepares to swing with both hands.", "A man holding a tennis racquet while standing on a tennis court.", "A man with a tennis racket getting ready to swing."]
["A set of three white plates covered in food.", "A view of a pizza cut into four slices.", "a pizza cut in pieces on a white plate", "Slices of pizza sitting on a plate located on a table.", "a few plates of food that are on a table"]
["A chef holding a platter with green leaves around the edge.", "a person holding a pan of pizza ", "A chef holding up a pizza while wearing a chef's hat.", "A man holding a plate of pizza in one hand. ", "A man holding up a pizza in a dining area."]
["a woman leaning over as she waits for the tennis ball to come back ", "The woman is waiting for the tennis serve", "The woman with the yellow shirt is poised with a tennis racket.", "A woman wearing an orange shirt holding a tennis racquet.", "A tennis player getting ready to hit a ball on a court."]
["The tennis player looks upset about the game.", "A man celebrating with a tennis racket in his hand", "A tennis player in yellow shirt with striped shorts", "A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A man with a tennis racket walking on a court"]
["A tennis player prepares his swing by extending his arm up.", "A man in white playing tennis with a racket.", "A tennis player is preparing to serve on the court.", "a tennis player getting ready to hit a serve", "A male tennis player gets ready to serve."]
["A tennis player holds his racket and looks upset", "A professional tennis player with his hands out and mouth open as if asking a question.", "tennis player gets mad during a match ", "A man yells something while holding a tennis racket. ", "The ball seems to be in unanticipated play."]
["a man with his arm up as he gets ready to serve the ball", "A man prepares to serve the ball during a tennnis game.", "A man holding a tennis racket on the court.", "A man about to serve a tennis ball. ", "If you can't hit the tennis ball with a racket, try to catch it in your hand."]
["A female tennis player is attempting to serve the ball. ", "A tennis player holding a racquet serves the ball.", "A tennis player getting ready to hit a tennis ball.", "A female tennis player hitting the ball with a racket", "A woman tennis player serving on a blue asphalt court."]
["A couch with a small dog sitting on top of it.", "A dog sitting on a couch with various blankets and throw pillows.", "A little dog on a couch in a living room", "A small dog sits on the couch in front of the laptop.", "A dog who is sitting on a couch."]
["A clock on the wall between benches and tables on a stone floor.", "A room with some tables and chairs and a clock in the middle.", "a brown tiled floor some tables chairs and a white clock", "A room with tables and a clock on the wall.", "A wall clock in a restaurant stating the time of 6:10."]
["A pair of remotes sitting on a leather cushion.", "A black ottoman holding various types of remotes.", "Two remote controls and a media player are placed on a leather couch.", "Two remote controls side by side on a leather cushion", "Two remote controls are sitting on a couch cushion."]
["Three friends are all looking at something on the television.", "A girl playinng a video game as another man and woman look on.", "A woman playing a game with a remote controller.", "Two smiling women and a smiling in a living room looking at something.", "Three people playing a video game in a living room. "]
["a light a clock a television and a woman ", "A woman tossing a top hat through the air", "A young child is throwing a top hat.", "A room with furniture as a woman through a hat across it.", "A woman is standing in a living room and is throwing her hat across the room. "]
["A girl tries to kick a soccer ball while avoiding interference from a player on the opposing team.", "A young girl kicking a soccer ball in a game", "A group of young girls play a game of soccer.", "Kids in on a soccer field playing soccer.", "Kids playing soccer, a couple wearing yellow and another wearing blue."]
["A man holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.", "A man playing a Wii video game with people watching.", "A man and woman are looking at something while the man is using the wii?", "Men and women gather around while playing a video game", "a man is playing a video game while people watch."]
["a living room with a couch a table and chairs ", "The white contemporary room design is very stark.", "A modern styled living room with recess lighting, a couch and table with chairs.", "A big white kitchen has a sofa and small table.", "A modern home interior with living, kitchen and dining areas"]
["A kitchen area with dining table and refrigerator.", "A room with a kitchen table that has a contemporary style.", "An open dining room with curved chairs and long table", "A home has a dining table and a storage shelf.", "a table sits in the middle of a room with some chairs"]
["A hand holding an open remote control next to the arm of a couch.", "a hand is holding a remote without a cover", "A hand holding a green electronic remote control.", "Person holding a remote control without the cover.", "A hand is holding a remote control with the cover off."]
["The woman playing a video game stands near a man holding a wine glass.", "A man and woman standing next to each other.", "The people are playing a game in the room.", "Two people standing in a living room, one holding a Wii remote.", "Two people playing Wii in a living room "]
["A game room full of electronics and video games.", "A room is filled with a television, stereo, tapes and discs.", "a large television with many tall speakers next to it", "A living room has cd's and magazines all piled up.", "A large flat screen television is surrounded by many DVDs, magazines, and electronic equipment in a wood paneled room."]
["Two older women playing Wii very enthusiastically in a living room.", "a man and a woman holding Wii remotes", "Couple of attentive enthused women playing Nintendo wii", "A couple of women holding Nintendo Wii game controllers.", "A woman enthusiastically plays a video game with another woman. "]
["A man sitting on a couch in front of a TV.", "A man playing with a interactive video gaming system.", "A couple plays a video game while two other people look on.", "Adults gathered in living room playing video games.", "There is a group of people playing a video game."]
["A living room with hard wood floors filled with furniture.", "An open living dining room combo with table and couch", "The spaceous living room has hard wood floors.", "an  image of a living room setting that has wood floor", "A room has white walls and brown floors."]
["A TV mounted inside of a wall between two shelfs.", "A living room with a television mounted on the wall.", "A tennis match being broadcast on a television in a living room.", "The television in the living room is set on a tennis game. ", "There is a tv inside of the wall in this living room"]
["A flat screen TV sitting in a living room.", "Brown leather couch in wood floored living area.", "A living area with chairs, sofa and a television.", "A picture of a room in a house.", "A living room with fireplace, couch, television, and chairs."]
["A beautiful young woman in camo short shorts standing next to a man holding Nintendo Wii game controllers.", "there is a man and a woman playing a video game", "THERE ARE PEOPLE PLAYING WII IN THE LIVING ROOM", "Two people playing an interactive gaming unit together.", "A couple of people with Wii controllers playing a game in a house."]
["A beautiful woman and a man with a beard holding Nintendo Wii controllers.", "Two people in a room playing video games ", "A man and a woman holding gaming controllers. ", "A man and a woman playing a video game.", "A woman and a man are playing the nintendo wii video game system"]
["The man and woman are standing while playing video games. ", "a close up of two people playing nintendo wii", "Two people standing up and playing the Wii.", "A beautiful woman standing next to a  man.", "A man and woman focus on playing a video game."]
["A couple of guys playing a game on the Nintendo Wii.", "Two men playing video games inside a house.", "Two people playing an interactive Wii like video game on a television.", "Two guys playing a boxing video game on the Wii.", "Two individuals playing a game on the television monitor with Wii remote controls."]
["A pair of men enjoying a Nintendo Wii in a living area.", "a couple of people with wii remotes in their hands ", "Two men laughing while playing a video game. ", "Two men playing their Wii in a room with each other.", "A couple of men playing with an interactive gaming unit."]
["a striped couch a picture a clock a mirror a plant and a lamp", "a living room with a few striped couches ", "A living room filled with furniture under a painting.", "Sitting room decorated in shades of yellow and orange.", "A living room has a striped couch and loveseat."]
["A young man is sitting in a chair playing a video game.", "A young man dressed in black playing video games.", "Man sitting in a chair leans forward holding a controller in his hands. ", "A man playing with some video game during the day.", "The boy is playing video games in his bedroom."]
["A man stands in front of a small TV holding a Wii controller.", "A boy standing in front of a TV holding a Wii remote.", "Boy standing in front of television holding a game controller while watching the t.v.", "The boy is playing video games on the tv.", "A boy playing a video game on a TV. "]
["Two young boys playing Wii games on the television.", "A boy is playing with a video game.", "a person standing up in a living room playing nintendo wii", "Two boys play Wii next to a window.  ", "A man standing in front of a tv playing wii."]
["Children playing a game using Wii on a 13 inch TV.", "Two young people playing a video game on a small TV.", "Two boys playing a video game beside a window.", "Children sit in front of a video game playing", "Two boys playing a game with a remote controller."]
["A wii computer game system on a desk with computer in background.", "A set of Nintendo Wii game controllers sitting next to a Nintendo Wii.", "A Wii video game system sitting on a glass desktop.", "a desk some books a speaker and a video game system", "Two white gaming systems with controllers and games."]
["A laptop computer sitting on a desk next to a desktop computer.", "a wooden desk with a laptop and a desktop next to a speaker", "An elaborate computer setup containing two computers and a speaker system.", "A desk with a large computer screen and keyboard, a laptop and a large speaker.", "A computer set up on the desk with two monitors and a speaker."]
["Quaint living room area, furniture and decor appearing to be early American, well lit.", "FORMAL LIVING AREA IN NICE HOME, WITH A FIRE PLACE", "A nice living room is decorated with formal furniture", "a formal english sitting room with a sofa and two chairs", "A picture of a very nice living room."]
["A living room with a dining room area off of it.", "a living room with a tv, table, couch, and large window", "A living room has a patio with a table on it.", "A living room with ample seating room and a sliding glass door.", "Looking across the living, dining and outdoor area of a beach side condo"]
["This girl is texting while walking down the street.", "A person that is walking and on her cell phone.", "A young woman stands in the street and looks at her phone at the same time. ", "A girl with a hat is using a cell phone.", "A woman walking down the street texting on her phone"]
["A black table topped with food and a smart phone.", "a cellphone is sitting on a black table", "a black table a cellphone and a plastic bag with nuts and chips", "The camera and snacks are on the table.", "A ziploc bag holding chips next to a camera phone."]
["a man that has a racket in his hand", "A tennis player with yellow Nike equipment looks back at the net.", "Athlete standing on dirt court during tennis match.", "a man standing around while holding onto a tennis racket", "A YOUNG MAN IS ON THE COURT PLAYING TENNIS"]
["A tennis player playing a game of tennis.", "A man hitting a tennis ball on a court.", "A man leaping to hit a tennis ball with his tennis racket.", "A male tennis player jumping up to hit ball.", "a man holds his racket out while on the tennis court."]
["A man hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.", "A tennis player reaching up to hit a tennis ball. ", "A tennis player serves the ball to the other side.", "Tennis player in a blue uniform hitting a tennis ball.", "A man jumps to hit a tennis ball."]
["A man that is standing on a tennis court with a racquet.", "A male tennis player throws the ball up to serve it.", "A man on a tennis court is tossing a ball upwards. ", "Tennis player and black outfit holding a ball up in the air. ", "a tennis player with a ball and a racket "]
["A coffee table sits in the middle of a living room.", "a living room with two couches and colorful walls ", "A well furnished living room with couches and a wooden table.", "A living room is themed in southwestern and brightly colored.", "The living room has a wood and glass coffee table, an area rug, a pillow covered futon, and a love seat in it."]
["Many blowup kits being flown at a beach", "A bunch of large kites with an octopus kite in the front.", "A green, orange and black octopus kite flying in the sky with other colorful kites beside it. ", "The many large colorful kites fly through the air.", "A collection of kites being flown in the air."]
["A person approaching a kite on a grassy field", "A person is approaching a large kite lying in a field.", "A person walking over to a black and yellow kite in the park. ", "A young kid wearing a black coat with hood approaches a large kite", "A young boy approaches a giant kite lying on the ground. "]
["A couple of people walking across a lush green field.", "People are in the grass flying a kite.", "Two people in open field watching yellow tent blown away. ", "People standing at a park with a large yellow kite.", "Three people on an open field with a banner "]
["A woman taking a picture of kites being flown", "A crowd of people on a beach flying kites..", "A woman sitting on a beach taking a picture of a number of kites", "A number of fanciful kites are being flown above a wide beach.", "A woman takes pictures of people flying kits on a beach."]
["A woman is flying a kite with two boys.", "Mom with a kite trying to entertain her kids ", "A woman flying a kite with a boy looking up at it.", "A group of people standing on top of a lush green field.", "A mom flying kites with her two toddlers in a park."]
["A lady and two small kids flying a kite.", "Two boys and their mother playing with a kite.", "Two small children stand near a woman flying a kite.", "there is a woman playing with a kite with two boys", "Two little boys are with a woman holding a kite in a grassy area."]
["A man standing next to a woman while flying kites.", "A man and a young child enjoying a day of kite flying.", "A man and young woman flying kites in the air", "A man a girl flying a kite amongst other kites.", "A man and a girl flying colorful kites on a beautiful day."]
["A group of men walking across a field flying kites.", "A picture of a park area with kites in the sky. ", "The crowd watches the plane fly in the sky.", "A couple of kites are flying above a field", "People are outside in a field flying kites."]
["there  is a large blue vase that is empty", "A big green blue bowl sets on top of a table set. ", "A crackled green glass vase siting near a window.", "Crackled glass bowl on ground with blurred background", "A vase with cracks in it is shown."]
["A room with kites hanging from it's ceiling.", "A bunch of colorful flags hanging up on a ceiling.", "A kite hangs from the ceiling inside a gym", "A bunch of kites that are in the air in a building.", "A kite flying inside a gym with lights on."]
["A glass case with a candle burning inside of it", "Four different lights in various different shapes and sizes.", "A decorative glass vase lit up with a votive.", "A candle is lit in a large glass goblet with other candles around it.", "A couple of glass vessels with light on a table."]
["A woman flying a kite in a blue sky.", "a women that is flying a green kite", "A girl is flying a kite high in the sky.", "The woman flying high in the sky with kite", "A girl is flying a kite on a clear day."]
["A man talking on his phone in the public.", "A man using a cell phone amongst a crowd of people.", "A man in a crown wears a red jacket and is on the phone.", "A man standing on a busy sidewalk while talking on his cellphone.", "a man with a white beard and hat on a cellphone"]
["An object sitting in the middle of a paved road.", "A toaster sitting out in the middle of the road.", "A toaster sitting in the middle of the road", "A mailbox laying in the middle of an empty street", "A white toaster in the middle of an asphalt road."]
[" A Big Ben clock towering over the city of London.", "a land scape of a bridge and a castle in the back", "a fancy dark bridge crossing over a big river", "Big Ben and the Houses of Parliaments behind a bridge.", "The great London bridge by the river Thames"]
["A city alongside the water with a bridge. ", "A bridge over a lake runs through several large buildings.", "A city is shown by the water with a bridge.", "Westminster palace, Big Bend tower and Westminster bridge.", "the skyline of the city next to a bridge"]
["A middle aged tennis player is posed for action.", "A man holding a tennis racket on a tennis court.", "A man who is on a tennis court and holding a tennis racket.", "A tennis player is moving to the side and is gripping his racquet with both hands. ", "A tennis player on the court starting to move towards a ball."]
["Two men with racquets on a tennis court.", "Two men holding tennis rackets standing on a court.", "two male tennis players and one has a yellow shirt on", "Two men with tennis rackets on a grass playing court.", "tennis partners one man is returning the ball"]
["a tennis player swinging a racket to hit a ball", "The man is playing tennis on the tennis court. ", "a man jumping up a little while trying to hit a tennis ball ", "A man in white shirt and shorts playing a game of tennis.", "A man who is swinging at a tennis ball."]
["A man wearing a yellow bandanna holding a tennis racquet.", "A man is running with a tennis racquet in his hand as a camera operator follows him.", "A man running on a tennis court, racket in hand", "A camera man wearing a red shirt aims his camera at a tennis player who is wearing a yellow bandanna and a blue shirt and a tennis racket.", "To keep up with the action, the media people need to be as fast as the players."]
["a personnear a table with many plates and boxes of pizza ", "At least two people are sitting around with some pizza, plates and paper towels.  ", "In a dark room a woman opens boxes of pizza on the floor.", "A person opening up a pizza box in a living room.", "A man looking through a bunch of pizza laying on the floor."]
["A pizza is shown with forks next to it.", "A large cheese pizza has forks resting on either of its sides. ", "A whole cheese pizza cut into eight slices with a fork on each side.", "A homemade pizza on a table with two forks.", "An irregularly shaped pizza is placed in between two forks"]
["A slice of pizza sitting in a persons hand.", "A slice of cheese pizza being held by someone out of the box. ", "a pizza sitting in front of a pizza box", "A large piece of extra cheese pizza in a box.", "The person is holding a slice of cheese pizza."]
["A woman playing a game of tennis on a tennis court.", "a tennis player maneuvering to hit a tennis ball with a tennis racket", "Two women tennis players return the ball to their opponents.", "Two people playing tennis on a tennis court. ", "Two ladies playing tennis indoor in a room lit with windows."]
["A tennis player in action on the court.", "a woman getting ready to hit a tennis ball coming her direction ", "A woman rared back at a tennis ball with a racquet.", "A woman playing tennis is about to hit the tennis ball.", "a tennis player swinging a racket at a ball"]
["The girl was on a court playing tennis with her mom.", "A woman and a girl are holding tennis rackets on a court.", "Two school age girls play tennis on a tennis court.", "A young child is standing on a tennis ball court holding a racket and a ball.", "A young female tennis player on the tennis court."]
["A man swings a tennis racket and falls onto the grass.", "A man in different poses holding a tennis racquet.", "Still shots of a man trying to hit a shuttlecock.", "Several motion shots of a man playing tennis.", "A man is swinging his tennis racket on a grassy area."]
["A man holding a tennis racquet over a grass covered field.", "A MAN PRACTICES HITTING TENNIS BALLS IN THE GRASS", "a guy hitting tennis balls in a yard", "There is no image here to provide a caption for.", "A man hitting a ball with a tennis racquet."]
["A man who is eating a pizza and looking out a window.", "A man sitting at a table facing a window, eating a piece of pizza.", "A man taking a pizza with some drink on a glass", "A man eating while looking out the window.", "A man is taking a bite of a piece of pizza"]
["A pizza sitting on top of a black plate.", "A golden yellow pastry on a ceramic plate", "Three small pieces of pizza sit on a plate. ", "A few pieces of pizza sit on a skillet.", "Three cheese pizza sticks are on a plate."]
["A lady sitting on a couch with a laptop.", "A woman in white shirt sitting at couch with a laptop.", "A woman sits with a computer in her lap.", "A woman sitting in her living room with her laptop on her lap.", "Woman sitting on couch using her laptop in pajamas."]
["a close up of some books on a table next to a vase of flowers", "a stack of books on a table with a potted plant and a wine glass", "A stack of three books sitting on top of a wooden table.", "A vase of tulips, books, and a stemmed glass on a table.", "A table with books, a vase and flowers."]
["A building with a clock called Cadogan Hall.", "A large building with a clock on the front", "A large church with a towering clock tower above it.", "A large building with a clock tower next another building.", "A town hall with a clock tower is shown."]
["Laptop computer and other electronic equipment displayed on small wooden desk.", "a laptop and a mug are on a desk", "A desk with a computer, coffee cup, and reading material.", "A laptop that is sitting on a desk.", "Laptop computer and phone on simple wooden desk on side of room."]
["A two-story house with palm trees, a chain link  fence. and a decorative border.", "A truck and bike is parked outside of a house.", "A bike and truck are resting outside of a white house", "a bicycle and a truck is outside of a house", "A quaint white house sits behind a cluttered fence."]
["A Macbook laptop showing a flickr webpage on a table next to two remote controls.", "Open laptop with the website flickr shown on the screen.", "A small laptop computer sits on the table with a couple remote controls and a \"vino\" cup.", "Computer on a table with remote controls next to it.", "A laptop computer has remote controls by it."]
["A pair of hands in the process of cutting hair", "there is a woman that is cutting and combing someones hair", "The woman is using a comb as she cuts hair.", "A person cutting someones hair with a pair of scissors.", "a hair dresser using scissors to cut hair "]
["A counter topped with bowls of food and a cutting board.", "A countertop with bowls, and platters of food.", "The ingredients for a delicious dinner on a countertop.", "There is a selection of seafood and other food on the kitchen counter.", "A table is set with bowls of various healthy food."]
["A close up of a Winnie the Pooh teddy bear.", "A stuffed animal that is sitting on the ground.", "A pooh bear is sitting upright holding a honey pot.", "A yellow teddybear in a red shirt against a white wall. ", "A stuffed bear sits in front of a lava lamp."]
["A woman sitting a table holding a piece of cloth.", "A girl at the table is sewing something.", "A girl crafting with fabric at a wooden table.", "A woman setting next to a wood table knitting.", "a lady with some kind of fabric in her hand."]
["A toaster oven filled with lots of food.", "Food is going to be cooked in a toaster oven. ", "food coming out of a oven next to other food on a table", "A bowl of food that is inside a toaster oven.", "An open toaster oven with a glass dish of food inside."]
["A beautiful woman looking over a mans shoulder in front of a computer.", "A woman is leaning over a man's shoulder looking at a computer.", "a man and woman are both looking at a screen", "A man and woman are looking intently at a computer screen.", "A man and woman are looking at a computer screen."]
["a tray of food going into an oven", "Wrapped food on a plate halfway in an oven. ", "A person pulling out food from a toaster oven.", "Food is being prepared in a toaster oven.", "Food which has just came out of the microwave, ready to be served."]
["several people in a dark displaying their lap tops", "A group of people sitting in the dark with laptops.", "A person sitting in front of a microphone holding a laptop, surrounded by people sitting with their laptops, in the dark.", "A group of people are using their laptops in the dark.", "A group of people  in a room with many laptops."]
["A person holding a red phone nest to a flower filled plant.", "Someone standing near a bunch of flowers holding their cell phone in their hand", "A person holding a cell phone near a plant.", "A colorful peach cell phone against similarly colored flowers", "The colors of the phone blend in with the plant."]
["A man standing near a bridge going over water.", "a close up of a person talking on a cell phone", "Sepia photograph of a man on a cellphone next to a bridge.", "Sepia photograph of man on a cell phone by a river", "A man has his hand up to his ear as he walks past a bridge. "]
["A Sanyo microwave oven sitting on the counter.", "a microwave sitting on a counter by other appliances ", "The microwave ovens timer is about to go off. ", "A Sanyo microwave with the light on sitting on the kitchen counter.", "A microwave on a counter without the clock set."]
["A laptop is on a shelf above a stove with a pot on it.", "A laptop computer sitting on top of a  stove top oven.", "A laptop perched above an oven with a saucepan on it.", "A laptop on top of a steel over", "A laptop computer on a shelf above a stove."]
["A clock tower with a a black bird flying by it.", "a tall clock tower with trees near by", "A tall clock tower in front of other buildings.", "A bird is flying around the clock tower.", "A tall building with a clock embedded at the top."]
["These two people are using the phones at a parade", "Two pictures one with a police officer and the other with a drag queen.", "People talking on the phone at two different locations. ", "Two photos are presented white people talking on their phone.", "The police officer looks at his cell phone and the costumed woman talks on her cell phone."]
["A man is talking on his cell phone on the street.", "Many cars drive and are parked on a road", "A man talking on a phone while standing next to a street.", "A man is walking down a busy street talking on his cell phone. ", "A person on a cell phone on a street."]
["A man standing in front of a microwave next to pots and pans.", "A man displaying pots and utensils on a wall.", "A man stands in a kitchen and motions towards pots and pans. ", "a man poses in front of some pots and pans ", "A man pointing to pots hanging from a pegboard on a gray wall."]
["A man holding a smart phone inside of his pocket.", "A young person is taking a cell phone out of cargo pants.", "Someone is pulling a cell phone out of their pocket.", "A man pulling a cellphone out of his pocket.", "A persons' hand taking a phone out of their pocket. "]
["A Samsung phone is being put in a pocket.", "A woman holding a smart phone in her pocket.", "a samsung phone being removed from the pocket", "a man that is holding a phone in his pocket", "A person is wearing an Adidas sweatshirt and has a Samsung smartphone in their pocket."]
["There is an iPhone in the woman's back pocket.", "An Apple iPhone in the back pocket of beaded jeans.", "An Apple device is sticking out of a person's pocket. ", "An apple IPhone in a woman's back pocket.", "A woman with a smart phone in her pocket."]
["The young woman is taking a selfie in the museum.", "A girl poses in front of a large statue. ", "A woman taking a picture in front of a statue.", "A woman standing in a  lobby in front of a statue.", "The woman mimics the pose of a tall statue behind her."]
["A break room filled with tables and chairs.", "Eating area, red/green tables with attached chairs and two microwave ovens.", "tables and chairs and microwaves in a dining room", "red and grey table and chairs in a restaurant setting", "Connected tables and chairs sit together in a room. "]
["A man that is standing up holding a cellphone.", "A man holding a cell phone in his hands.", "A young man in an orange shirt holds a cell phone outdoors.", "A young man holding a walkie talkie while wearing an orange shirt.", "A man holds onto a black device in the yard. "]
["A person that is taking a picture of a painting.", "A man is taking a picture of the framed art with his phone.", "A man taking a picture of some framed art.", "a man in a striped shirt is taking a picture of a painting", "a young man taking a picture of a painting "]
["Someone using a cell phone to take a picture of a baby.", "someone taking a picture of a baby using a cell phone.", "A person taking a picture of a baby on a cell phone.", "A person uses their cellphone to take a picture of a baby", "a person taking a photo of a baby with their cell phone "]
["A girl is on her cell phone while waiting for her food order.", "a young girl with red hair looking down at her phone", "a young female in a casual dining place on her mobile device", "a woman is sitting at a table using a phone", "A young girl at a fast food restaurant looking at her cell phone"]
["A woman sitting in a chair with a towel over the back of it.", "A women sitting in a chair next to a trash can .", "a blond wearing a black top and sitting in a white chair", "Woman sits in a wooden beach chair looking at her phone.", "A lady sitting in a very big wooden chair."]
["A woman taking a picture of a bottle with her phone.", "a person taking a picture of a beer bottle with a cell phone ", "Someone is on their phone in front of a beer. ", "A person is taking a photo on their phone of an open Budweiser can. ", "a red bottle sitting in front of a girl using her phone"]
["a microwave on a kitchen counter above a dishwasher", "this micro wave is black and silver and is on the counter", "A microwave oven sitting on top of a counter.", "A microwave sitting on a counter, its stainless steel.", "a silver microwave oven on a tan counter and a window"]
["A microwave oven sitting on top of a kitchen counter.", "The microwave is sitting on the kitchen counter.", "A silver Sanyo microwave sitting on a kitchen counter.", "A counter with a silver and black microwave on it.", "A microwave oven on a counter in a kitchen."]
["an oven with the door open and a closed pot on the iside", "A pot of food is cooking in the open oven", "A close up view of a big shiny pan in an oven.", "This oven and stove top need a good timely cleaning.", "an electric stove with a covered pot in it "]
["A man taking a turkey out of the oven", "A man is removing a turkey from an oven.", "A man holding a turkey in a  roast pan next to an oven.", "A smiling man in a kitchen holding a cooked turkey.", "Man taking a turkey out of the oven with mitts."]
["An antique stove is standing in a kitchen.", "A stove top oven sitting inside of a kitchen.", "A set of white stoves, drawers, and cupboards.", "An old fashioned kitchen with a multiple compartment oven.", "A kitchen that has a stove and counters in it."]
["A woman kneeling down on the floor before an oven.", "A girl sitting on the floor in front of an oven.", "A woman in an apron sits next to the oven while food cooks.", "A kid is sitting on the floor in front of an oven.", "A girl sitting on the floor looking into the oven."]
["A group of white appliances sitting next to each other.", "Two deep freezers are next to each other.", "Some tall white things in a dark room corner,", "two deep freezers sitting under a white counter", "two very tall and white storage towers in a room"]
["A man pointing to something in the refrigerator", "A man standing in front of an open refrigerator in a kitchen.", "A man posing with his opened up refrigerator.", "A man standing with his hand in a refrigerator.", "Man in light blue t-shirt showing off French door refrigerator."]
["The man is taking a drink from a refrigerator near a tennis court. ", "this is men sitting with their tennis rackets", "a couple of people looking into a mini fridge for some drinks ", "Several tennis players lean over a small cooler.", "A group of men are investigating the containers."]
["A tan clock tower shows the time of 6:34.", "A clock tower with a blue sky is pictured.", "A very tall white and blue clock tower.", "a very tall pole a clock being mounted on it", "The clock is on top of the tall tower."]
["a stainless steel fridge in a cluttered kitchen", "A large metallic refrigerator in a small kitchen.", "A fridge in a kitchen with garbage around.", "Dirty stainless steel combo refrigerator and freezer in a very messy kitchen", "A refrigerator in a very messy kitchen with white cupboards."]
["A city street filled with lots of traffic.", "THIS IS A VERY BUSY CITY STREET WITH WHAT LOOKS LIKE VERY LONG TRUMPETS LINING THE OVERHEAD OF THE STREET", "A busy street side in a large city.", "a lot of people walking down the sidewalk next to a busy road ", "Decorations line a city street while traffic passes nearby."]
["A blender sitting next to a field full of grass.", "A close up of a blender outside on the sidewalk.", "A blender sits on the concrete next to some greenery. ", "A large blender sitting on a sidewalk by a lawn.", "A blender sitting on the side of a grassy area."]
["A vase with some flowers in it on a table.", "A group of very pretty yellow flowers in a glass vase.", "The white roses are in a clear glass vase.", "A clear vase holding white flowers on a table.", "A bundle of white roses in a vase."]
["A book and a watch in the background and glasses in front of them.", "There are a pair of glasses next to the books.", "A pair of reading glasses laid on a table upside down and several old leather books and a pocket watch.", "A pair of glasses are put next to a book.", "A pair of glasses, a pocket watch and two books."]
["A small stack of antique leather bound books with a pair of glasses and a pocket watch.", "A pile of old books are shown on a surface.", "Old books on a table with a silver pocket watch.", "a table with books, eye glasses and a watch", "Some books laying with eyeglasses and a pocket watch."]
["An ornate clocks sits on a counter in front of a design.  ", "The intricately carved clock has a cross on it's spire. ", "A view of a gold clock sitting in a room.", "An ornamental building stands with metal materials, and decorative background.", "A gold sculpture in a church and a wall design behind it. "]
["A man holding a piece of white paper in his fingers.", "A person holding a comb and another item.", "a set of black hands holding a black comb", "Two hands hold a comb and a little piece of something.", "A man who is holding a comb and something white in his hands."]
["food on a white plate with a colored place mat and pink table cloth", "A plate resting on a colorful place mat with food on it and a glass of milk on the side.", "A plate with food on it and a glass of milk ", "A bagel with grape jelly and milk glass", "A plate topped with a fruit covered pan cake."]
["The group of many different people are sitting together. ", "A crowd of diners at a table with hamburgers.", "The group of women are all reaching for a bag.", "The women are performing a group craft activity in the mall's common area ", "a group of people sit around a table "]
["A clock tower sits on top of an old building.", "a large tower with a clock on top of it", "A building with a clock on the front of it", "A clock on a tower rising from a chalet.", "there is a clock that is at the top of this tower"]
["A screen shot of a clock on a computer screen.", "A computer display with two clocks on it's screen.", "A screen showing two clocks at different times.", "two clocks and a date in a web browser", "A computer screen clock is on the world clock tab."]
["Two tall teddy bears standing next to each other with a person kneeling between them.", "Person standing between two very large bears dressed formally. ", "a person standing next to large teddy bears", "A grown man stands behind two giant teddy bears who are dressed for a ball. ", "an image a of a teen standing next to two stuffed animals"]
["A teddy bear sitting on the ledge of a wall ", "a stuffed animal sits on top of a ledge ", "A brown teddy bear sitting on top of a  window sill.", "A teddy bear sitting on a ledge of a building", "a teddy bear sits on the ledge of a balcony"]
["a stuffed bear and dog are on a ledge", "Large and small stuffed bears posed as if watching out a window.", "a little stuffed dog sitting next to a teddy bear", "A brown teddy bear sitting next to a small brown dog toy.", "a couple of stuffed animals that are next to each other"]
["Stone building with large clock hanging outside the front.", "A large clock mounted to the side of a building.", "A giant cement clock says it is almost 11 o 'clock.", "a large clock on a building with tall windows", "A large clock with red hands sits about the entrance to a building."]
["An old clock stands in a dilapidated, messy room.  ", "A wooden brown clock tower in the living room. ", "A very old-school looking clock stand near a green chair. ", "The grandfather clock is sitting in the middle of the living room. ", "A brown decorative grandfather clock next to a chair."]
["A large clock towers in a downtown metropolitan area.", "A clock at 7 during a hazy autumn time of year", "A clock reading seven o'clock by a tree.", "A large clock in front of a tree between two buildings", "An old clock telling the time on a city street."]
["A group of flowers growing out of a white clothing button.", "various flowers and vines sitting on top of a ceramic, circular object", "An overhead view of a vase with flowers in it.", "a table with some plants in the middle of it ", " the top view of plants growing up through holes in a vase"]
["Earthen toned clay pot displayed on hard surface.", "The large vase is white, beige, and brown.", "a close up of a cup on a pillow ", "A ceramic pot sits on top of a pillow.", "A ceramic pot is resting on a table"]
["A piece of paper sticking out of a rock with a pair of scissors on top of it.", "a pair of scissors on a sheet of paper on a rock", "A sculpture that includes a rock, paper and scissors.", "A sculpture of scissors sits next to a trail.", "A pair of scissors on top of a piece of paper on top of a rock."]
["A person holding a large pair of scissors.", "A man holding a very big pair of scissors.", "A man standing ina  kitchen holding a giant pair of scissors", "A person with glasses holding large scissors next to paper mache.", "A man with an external oxygen supply holds a large pair of cutting shears."]
["A person cutting some material on a table", "A woman is working with orange and white fabric and several skeins of colored thread on top of a table.", "A person works with various types of fabrics.", "Woman cutting through a piece of fabric near other sewing materials. ", "a close up of someone cutting wrapping paper"]
["A table with a large assortment of scissors.", "Colorful scissors sitting on a table lined with newsprint.", "THERE ARE SEVERAL DIFFERENT SCISSORS ON THE TABLE", "A large pile of various scissors in a table", "A table with many scissors that have handles of assorted colors "]
["Closeup of a yellow teddy bear with a red shirt.", "an image of a stuffed teddy bear on a bed", "a close up of a stuffed animal in a corner", "A Winnie-the-Pooh plus animal is sat up in a corner. ", "A bright yellow stuffed animal bear wearing a red shirt."]
["a croissant on a plate near a beverage on a table", "Hot coffee and a croissant make a quick meal at fast food outlets.", "A croissant on a plate and a cup of coffee and a tray.", "A piece of pastry sitting on a white plate next to a cup of coffee.", "A scone sits on a plate beside a cup of coffee"]
["A plate of food with a sandwich with a runny egg. ", "A plate of Eggs Benedict with a knife and fork.", "A plate of breakfast food is sitting on the table.", "A plate containing eggs benedict with spinach, drenched in hollandaise sauce.", "There is an open face sandwich and a fork on the plate."]
["A plate of food sits on a plane table.", "an image of a plate of food on a table", "The dining table containing food and drink are next to the windows.", "A meal on a table in a restaurant next to a pair of sunglasses.", "a table with a plate of food and some eye glasses"]
["A quesadilla wrapped in plastic sitting on top of a table.", "A plastic bag containing some dough and some crust.", "Lunch sack containing quesadillas and a boiled eff.", "Wrapped up left overs of two fiestas. ", "A plastic bag with flat bread and an egg in it"]
["A table set with fancy plates, glasses and candles.", "A piece of meat on a plate on a table.", "A dish of food at an extravagant meal.", "A plate of food, a glass of wine, and a candle on a table.", "a plate of food is on a table with wine and a candle"]
["A series of photos showing people eating food.", "there are six different pictures of people either eating or food", "many different pictures of people and food and drinks", "A man and a woman in front of a variety of food. ", "there is a picture collage of two people at a restaurant "]
["A  picture of a wooden table shows dishes, utensils and water glasses along its periphery and a plate full of food next to a candle in a glass at its center.  ", "Small candle on table near appetizer plate at a restaurant.", "a close up of food on a wooden surface near a candle ", "a lit candle sitting next to a plate filled with food ", "Candle in votive holder near plate of meat."]
["Man sitting at yellow covered table at outdoor eating area.", "A man sitting at a table with a plate and two wine bottles.", "a man with beer or wine smiles at the camera", "A man smiling while sitting at the dinner table. ", "A man is sitting at a table with bottles on it smiling."]
["Woman sitting at table at outdoor venue with additional photos of food served for consumption.", "Multiple images of Asian soup bowls in a restaurant.", "Several white plates and bowl feature food such as rice and chicken.", "Food in bowls at a restaurant with a woman smiling at the camera ", "A bowl of soup, rice and fish by a woman."]
["Some older men and woman at a winery sampling some wine.", "a group of people stand around drinking some wine ", "some people some wooden barrels and they have glasses of wine", "People enjoying a glass of wine in a wine cellar.", "Some people with wine glasses are smiling and laughing."]
["A cooler and fishing gear on a fishing pier.", "A bench on a boardwalk with a tackle box and cooler behind it", "A cooler and tackle box sitting behind a bench.", "A green park bench with luggage sitting next to it.", "A board walk with a plastic bench and an amount of fishing gear."]
["A person sitting on top of a bench next to a light pole.", "a park with benches and street lights and trees.", "a light post in the middle of the park", "a man sits on a park bench next to a light pole", "We are looking at a bench and a light in the park."]
["a woman walking down the road while holding onto some bags and  an umbrella ", "A woman running down the street carrying an umbrella.", "A woman carrying boxes down a brick sidewalk.", "A woman with her hands full holding an umbrella.", "Woman carrying containers and an umbrella under her arms. "]
["A woman holding her umbrella in her hands", "A woman holding an umbrella next to people waiting for a train.", "A lady standing with an umbrella in front of her.", "A woman standing on a platform with an open umbrella. ", "a lady that has a umbrella in her hand"]
["A man with an umbrella is standing in front of a shop.", "A man holding an umbrella standing on a corner.", "A man stands outside at night and holds an umbrella.", "A man standing in the rain at night.", "A man in black coat standing under umbrella next to a building."]
["A man and woman under an umbrella on a sidewalk at night.", "A woman holds an umbrella up near a man on a dimly lit street corner.", "a man holding an umbrella in front of a building at night", "A man and woman crossing street holding an umbrella", "two people walking on a street holding an open umbrella"]
["a person with a bat near many tvs", "Man with a baseball bat and televisions protesting on a city street", "A pile of televisions sets are on the sidewalk and they have slogan written on them.", "A man with a metal baseball bat standing over some televisions. ", "A man with a bat next to televisions that say Comcast Doesnt care."]
["A woman with a bat hitting televisions that say Comcast Doesnt Care.", "A woman standing on a blue mat with two broken tv's and a bat in her hands.", "A person and some cones on a city street.", "This woman is unloading the TVs she is going to try and sell.", "a bunch of boxes on a table next to the street"]
["A man sitting at a table in front of bowls of spices.", "Street merchant with bowls of grains and other products. ", "An Indian man that is sat down and is making some curry.", "there is a man sitting on the floor surrounded by food", "The man is selling several different spices on the street."]
["Men in hard hats are on small motorcycles.", "Some motorcyclists with helmets on are parked next to each other. ", "Helmeted men on motorcycles sitting on a city sidewalk", "A group of people on a street on motor bikes.", "A group of people sitting on mopeds and wearing colorful helmets in a city. "]
["A group of people that are outside of an airplane.", "An airplane on the tarmac with several people standing next to it. ", "A crowd has gathered to board a passenger jet.", "There is a crowd of people standing by an airplane.", "An airplane at an airport with a group of people standing next to it. "]
["A picture of a counter and some chairs.", "We are looking across a counter in a diner.", "A counter with many items on it located in a cafe.", "A dinner with a bunch of appliances on the counter.", "a view of a counter top in a diner"]
["A kitchen filled with lots of clutter and a table with blue metal chairs.", "This kitchen is filled with an assortment of cooking pans and a dining set.", "A dining table and some chairs in a kitchen.", "A full view of a picture of some scary looking items. ", "A kitchen table surrounded by chairs in a kitchen."]
["a group of people wearing skis on a snowy surface", "Group of people cross country skiing across snowy hilsl.", "people skiing on a snowy ski bank while wearing ski wear.", "A group of soldiers on skis in white uniforms.", "a group of people that are wearing ski equipment "]
["A woman is in the kitchen and cooking. ", "A WOMAN IS IN HER KITCHEN COOKING A MEAL", "A woman cooking on a stove in a small kitchen ", "There is a person cooking in the stove ", "A pretty young lady preparing food in a kitchen."]
["A woman standing in a kitchen in front of a washing machine.", "A woman in the kitchen while holding dishes.", "A young woman holding a bowl in a kitchen.", "The girl in the kitchen is holding a bowl.", "A woman in her house with a bowl. "]
["A counter top in a kitchen with various items on it.", "A wooden kitchen table underneath a white cupboard.", "Kitchen counter with open drawer and cabinets without doors above.", "Weight scale sitting on a counter next to a mixer", "A cabinet full of peanut butter, pickles and other condiments in above a counter with cooking equipment. "]
["A series of pictures using found objects to spell out the word love.", "THERE ARE IMAGES OF A PERSON HOLDING A PAIR OF SCISSORS", "Some very odd various images one with some scissors.", "a collage of photos with a close up of scissors", "Four different pictures with various objects spelling out the word Love."]
["A kitchen area that includes a stove, sink and cabinets.", "A marble counter in a wood cabinet kitchen", "A front view of a clean kitchen with marble counter tops.", "An ordinary kitchen that is very neat and tidy. ", "There is a sink and a stove in the middle of a kitchen."]
["A man wearing a striped suit standing next to butcher knives.", "A man in the kitchen putting a bottle in his blazer pocket.", "A man putting a bottle in his jacket in the kitchen. ", "A man is putting something in his jacket by knives.", "A man putting something in his pinstripe jacket by knives."]
["a man is doing a jump on his board", "Man on a skateboard inside of a garage going through a maze.", "A teenager standing on a skateboard in a garage.", "a kid in a room playing with a skateboard", "A man balances on one end of a skateboard."]
["A man in the kitchen is doing his job. ", "A person standing in a kitchen preparing food.", "The food worker is standing in the kitchen.", "A young person who is making some food in the kitchen.", "A person standing in a large kitchen alone."]
["A kitchen area with a table, dishwasher and stove.", "A large dim kitchen with light coming in from a window.", "An empty and bright kitchen, sunlight streaming in.", "Table sits in the center of the kitchen under a chandler.", "A sink and a dining table in a kitchen."]
["Two large beds in a hotel room next to a desk.", "There are two beds with red and white bedspreads in a hotel room.", "A hotel room with two full sized beds.", "Two beds inside of a large hotel room", "A hotel room has a small kitchen and red bedspreads."]
["a kitchen with a sink a stove and a microwave", "A narrow galley kitchen with a window at the far end", "a kitchen with wooden cabinets and a dishwasher.", "An image of a kitchen with stainless appliances and wood cabinets", "A tiled backsplash surrounds light grained cabinetry for a well rounded look."]
["An empty clean kitchen with island, marble countertops , stove and cabinetry.", "An empty kitchen with a wooden stool next to a island bar.", "An open kitchen and dining room floor plan makes the area spacious.", "A kitchen has a middle island and stool.", "Kitchen with a stove, counters and a stool."]
["A kitchen filled with wooden cabinets and a white refrigerator.", "A clean kitchen with tile flooring and wood cabinets", "a brown kitchen with white appliances and a big window ", "A corner view of a kitchen with white appliances and dark wood cabinets.", "A kitchen with a stove and refrigerator. "]
["A woman walking a bike next to a river with a boat in it.", "A woman in a pink shirt walks next to a bike that carries her baby, next to a river.", "A boat on a river while a woman on a bicycle with a baby stands on the bank.", "A woman walks a bike along a path next to a river.", "a female with a small infant riding a bicycle near a boat and river"]
["A large kitchen with white cabinets and two tables.", "The kitchen is equipped with all the newest appliances.", "A break room with tables, chairs, microwave and a coffee maker.", "Tables and chairs are sitting on the floor inside of a kitchen.", "a empty kitchen with some tables and chairs in it "]
["A odd looking bike sitting under a purple tent next to a fountain.", "Bicycle with large red container area displayed near pond area in city.", "An outdoor stand with a modified bicycle parked in front.", "a perishing square tent set up with a bicycle ", "A canopy stands with the words \"Pershing Square\" printed on it."]
["People are milling about on a city street. ", "some people bicycles buildings and two streets and a coke machine", "A busy street filled with pedestrians and people on bikes.", "The people are walking and riding bicycles on the busy streets.", "a road busy with some people on bikes and some kids walking "]
["A man standing in front of a bathroom mirror.", "A man in a bathroom looking in a mirror ", "A photo-shopped picture of a man standing in a bathroom.", "A man stands in front of a large mirror in the bathroom.", "Someone is doing something that is quite fun.\n"]
["Several people with bicycles on a sidewalk outside a restaurant.", "some people standing outside of a chinese restaurant ", "The people are waiting outside with their bicycles ", "A crowd of people outside a store with bikes", "Adults with bikes crowd downtown sidewalk outside of local business."]
["A clown riding a bike down the street", "Dr Suess riding a bicycle on a busy car filled street.", "A clown on a bicycle on a busy street in a city.", "a man on a bicycle dressed up like the cat in the hat", "A man with white clown paint is on a bicycle."]
["a couple of small dogs sit in a basket on a bike", "A bicycle with a basket in which two dogs are sitting and a handbag is hanging.other bicycles are also standing.", "Two adorable little dogs in a basket attached to a bike.", "Two small dogs sitting in the basket of a bicycle outside.", "Two dogs are sitting in a basket on a bicycle."]
["A bathroom with a glassed in tub, toilet and sink", "A bathroom with a white toilet and a shower and bath tub", "A sideways oriented photo of a white colored bathroom.", "The small bathroom has a sliding glass shower door.", "A bathroom has a toilet, sink, tub, and door in it."]
["A bathroom with a sink and shower curtain with a map print.", "A small and crowded bathroom with little furnishing ", "A small bathroom with a shower curtain with the NYC Subway map on it. ", "A bathroom with a map as a shower curtain. ", "A bathroom with pedestal sink and mirror over it."]
["A small bathroom has a toilet and litter box.", "This is a bathroom that is in someones home. ", "A bathroom with a toilet that has a purse and pet cage sitting next to it.", "Shot of a bathroom with a toilet in the center of the image and cat cage next to it.", "A door leading to a bathroom with a litter box in it"]
["A toilet and container in a small room.", "A toilet is in the floor in a bathroom", "A floor toilet with a very wet floor.", "a small bathtub that is sitting in the middle of the room", "A bathroom stall with a squat toilet in it."]
["A blurry picture of someone on a bike.", "a blurry image of a person riding a bike down the street ", "A person riding a bike down a street under an umbrella.", "A blurry picture of an individual on a bike. ", "A blurry shot of someone on a bicycle holding an umbrella "]
["People sitting and standing in the grass near an umbrella.", "a bunch of people sit at a park ", "some people on some grass and a red and white umbrella", "A small child and a man sitting next to an umbrella while others look on.", "A little girl in a sunhat is standing near other people."]
["A man that is standing near a bike.", "The man is standing beside the bicycle in a building. ", "A male in an orange shirt standing next to a racing bike.", "A man standing next to a bike with a cell phone in his hand.", "A man taking a picture in a mirror with his phone of him and his bike. "]
["A man riding a bike down a street past a young man.", "An out of shape man rides a bicycle.", "An older man is riding his bike down the road. ", "a person riding a bike on a city street", "An older man riding a bike on a street."]
["A woman riding a biek down a sidewalk.", "A young woman in black tights rides a bicycle past a poster of a man.", "A young lady on her bike in a position where a man is kissing her knee. ", "A young woman on a bicycle with a guy kissing her knee.", "Girl on a bike and a man in the background crouched"]
["A restroom hanging off the side of a building over a mountain.", "A strange picture with suitcases by a window.", "A mirror image of a bathroom and a scenic view from a window.", "A mirror shows the inside view of a room while a large window shows a worldly view of the terrain.", "A mirror in front of a large glass window displays a bathroom."]
["A large cat sitting on top of a bathroom sink.", "A cat staring at it's mirrored reflection in a mirror on top of a sink in a bathroom.", "A cat sitting on a counter near a sink and mirror.", "A cat is looking at his reflection in the mirror.", "A house cat looking at it's own reflection in the bathroom mirror."]
["People walking across two bridges on a sunny day", "there are many people walking along this canal ", "A group of people crossing a bridge on bikes and by walking.", "A group of people walking and riding bicycles on a bridge with a large group of people walking in the background.", "Girl riding bike over a bridge with lots of people."]
["A bathroom with a white toilet, tub, and tile floor.", "A bathroom with a bathtub and a toilet.", "A small and plain white bathroom with a toilet and a tub.", "A small bathroom features filed floors, and beige appliances.", "A bathroom with a toilet and a bathtub. "]
["A group of people walking across a bridge over a river.", "A group of people are traveling on a bridge over  a river system.", "People walking and riding there bikes on the side walk .", "Many people walk and ride bikes on a bridge across a river.", "a group of people walking and riding bikes on the side of a bridge"]
["A small bathroom with a toilet, sink and window.", "A narrow tiled bathroom with a toilet, sink, and vanity.", "a bath room with a toilet a sink and a mirror", "A narrow bathroom with a sink, mirror and toilet.", "a narrow bathroom with plants and a window"]
["A baby in a carriage on street next to market.", "A baby is in a carseat while others shop at merchants on the sidewalk", "A little child riding in a carriage at an outdoor market.", "A baby in a carriage being pushed thru a market area.", "A baby in a stroller at the market."]
["a blue bicycle a blender sand and a person", "A beach area with a bicycle that has a blender attached to the front, parked on the sand.", " A blender sitting on top of a table.", "a bike resting in the sand with a blender built on top", "A juicer attached to the top of a bike."]
["an up close picture of mechanic of a bike ", "a device to use and work on bike fenders ", "Some type of black device bolted onto a surface.", "A black object that has a sticker that says \"Rock the bike Fender Blender\"", "An auto part for a vehicle that needs repaired. "]
["A double headed shower, with the curtain open.", "A glass cube window behind a glass shower door.", "a shower with a window a vanity and a mirror", "A white bathroom shower with glass brick window and glass shower doors.", "A bathroom with two shower heads, a window, a sink and towel in it. "]
["A bathroom showing the bathtub and the sink and mirror.", "a mirror a tub and a sink and some towels", "The interior of a bathroom with bathtub and corner sink.", "A bathroom with a large white tub next to a sink.", "A simple bathroom with tile surrounds and green floor."]
["These scantily clad people are enjoying a party", "A man and woman in a bathroom half-naked", "A man and woman in their underwear in a crowded bathroom.", "A woman is posing for the camera and a man is standing nearby in a bathroom. ", "The man and woman are standing inside of a small bathroom."]
["A man helps a woman sit on a bike.", "a person riding a long skateboard on a side walk", "A man assists a girl on a bike without handlebars.", "A woman riding a bike next to a man on a sidewalk.", "A woman is riding a bime with no handle bars."]
["a small bathroom with a toilet in it", "This modern bathroom has a glass sink and a rock wall", "A bathroom door is opened to a toilet and sink.", "An open door that leads to a bathroom.", "A bathroom with the door just slightly ajar"]
["A bathroom with a low roof diagonally located above it", "a black and gray tiled bathroom a toilet and mirror", "A bathroom with a slanted roof and block glass windows. ", "a small bathroom with tile walls and a glass wall ", "The small bathroom has dark tiles and a glass wall. "]
["Doorway view to a bathroom with sink, bathtub and toilet.", "Shot of a small bathroom with a bathtub and a toilet.", "a little bathroom with everything but the floor in white ", "An open door that leads to a pristine bathroom.", "A bathroom with a toilet next to a white tub."]
["The mens bathroom has a urinal and a stall. ", "this is a bathroom with brown and grey tile", "A digital rendering of a male bathroom decorated with tile.", "a bath room with urinals a stall and a sink", "a big bathroom with double sinks a closed stall and a urinal"]
["Several buses and animals pulling carts on a road.", "some people some animals some buses and signs ", "Several animals are pulling carts with people on them on a street with other traffic.", "A group of buses and horse drawn carriages.", "a cow pulling a wagon with a person siting in it "]
["this bathroom has a green tub and a toilet chair", "A very small and cramped bathroom with a small child's potty chair.", "Tiny bathroom with green tub and baby seat with sink", "A small bathroom with a blue sink and tub and a child's potty chair.", "A bathroom with a handicapped toilet stool next to a tub"]
["a urinal with tiled wall and two pictures of clowns smiling", "a white bathroom with a urinal and two framed pictures of clowns", "Two clown pictures are hanging on the wall behind the urinal that has a wine glass sitting on top of it.", "A bathroom stall with a urinal and pictures of clowns on the wall.", "A urinal in a bathroom with a picture of two clowns."]
["A long line of white urinals in a public restroom.", "White urinals are lined up against a wall.", "A row of floor height urinals in a public restroom.", "A bathroom that has a row of urinals on the wall.", "A row of urinals on ledge next to yellow wall."]
["Firefighters are riding in the back of a fire truck.", "A group of men and women are riding in the back of a fire truck.", "Group of fire fighters riding on the back of a fire truck.", "A group of people on the back of a fire truck.", "A group of firefighters are riding in a firetruck."]
["a bathroom with towels under a sink and a big mirror above it", "A bathroom with mirror, toilet, and sink ", "This is a photo of someones bathroom in their home.", "tan colored bathroom with white toilet and mirror", "A bathroom vanity with a large mirror hanging on the wall"]
["a bathroom with a sink and a toilet", "A white sink and tub in a home bathroom", "A bathroom with white and black tile, a toilet, pedestal sink and bath tub.", "A bathroom with a tub that has both curtain and glass door", "This is a bathroom with a tile floor. "]
["A row of parking meters sitting along side of a street.", "a time limit parking sign and some parking meters", "a nice road is covered in car and other things ", "A green and white traffic sign stands on the corner.", "A two hour parking sign, sitting in the middle of a empty street."]
["A small bathroom with a small brown toilet next to a white sink.", "Narrow bathroom, wash basin with commode under on demand water heater.", "A restroom with a  water heater over the toilet", "The sink and toilet are close together in the tiny bathroom.", "A picture of a bathroom with an open door"]
["A white cat sitting in the drivers seat of a car.", "A white kitty looks intensely out of the window.", "Cat looking out car window from car seat.", "A white cat looking out of the window of a car.", "White cat looking out a closed car window."]
["An airplane sitting on the water parked at the docks", "A white biplane on water next to dock and building.", "A water plane taking off over a pier.", "A water plane parked at a mountain side harbor", "There are some people standing near the water plane."]
["A man with glasses riding in a car with an adorable dog in the backseat.", "A man driving with his dog in the back seat.", "A man driving  a car with his dog in the back seat.", "A man driving with his dog in the backseat", "A man is driving with his dog in the back seat. "]
["The car is traveling down the road while the dog watches.", "A white and tan dog greeting passengers in a car which is coming up a driveway.", "a yellow dog meeting a car coming down the road", "Yellow dog watching a grey sedan drive on a rural road.", "A dog investigating a car stopped on a dirt road."]
["a parked motor bike with a man standing next to it ", "Gaudily decorated motorcycle in a  parking lot at a vehicle show.", "A person and a parked motor bike on a lot.", "a green sports bike is parked in a spot", "A green motorcycle parked in a parking space."]
["A standing toilet sitting inside of a bathroom stall.", "A restroom with a toilet basin on a well tiled floor", "A public squat toilet surrounded by grey tiles.", "a porcelain toilet that must be used by crouching over it rather than sitting on it", "A standing toilet is shown inside a bathroom."]
["A toilet is used for outdoor decoration beside a log cabin building.", "A toilet seat full of dirt and dead plants sits on a side walk. ", "A white toilet sitting up against a building next to a wheel.", "A toilet sitting outside with plants growing inside it.", "A toilet is being used as a plant pot outside."]
["A bathroom that has a white toilet with the seat lifted up and various rolls of toilet paper on the top of the toilet tank.", "Toilet with seat up in tiled bathroom with door open.", "a bathroom that has a toilet in side it", "A public restroom with tissue sitting on top of the toilet.", "Toilet paper stacked on he back of the toilet"]
["a van with the back open and appliances in the back ", "A car that has the back filled with a surfboard and gear.", "The back of a car open, filled with surfing clothes and gear.", "Assortment of beach clothing and surfboard in back of vehicle.", "Wet suits and a surf board in the back of an open van."]
["A large group of people and cameraman gathered for a ribbon cutting.", "Many people are standing around and observing an occurrence.  ", "A man in a red and black robe with a group of people outside.", "A ribbon cutting ceremony with many people and cameras.", "A man in a red and black robe handing something to a little girl in front of a bunch of people."]
["Rows of motorcycles in parking lot next to buildings.", "Rows and rows of motorcycles parked on the street", "A parking area full of motor scooters in various colors.", "Dozens of motorcycles are parked outside on the street.", "Large group of motorcycles parked next to each other in a city. "]
["A row of motorcycles is sitting on the sidewalk.", "several motorcycles are parked on the sidewalk by a building", "Several motorbikes parked on a sidewalk near a building.", "a bright light reflecting of a motorcycle mirror ", "A row of parked motorcycles sitting in front of a store front."]
["A motorcycle is parked in the gravel alongside a street.", "A motorcycle parked on top of a sidewalk.", "A motorbike parked on the roadside and cars on the road", "A motorcycle on a street near a church.", "A clean motorcycle is parked along a street curb."]
["A white toilet sitting next to a brown chair.", "A bathroom with tile floor and a white toilet.", "A toilet with a dresser stand with a sink and a mirror.", "The toilet is next to a wooden sink cabinet.", "A bathroom with a sink mounted inside of an old dresser "]
["A person that is looking at a cake.", "A person gazes at a glass of ice cream garnished with sprinkles. ", "an ice cream sundae with whip cream and sprinkes", "Woman eyeing delicious looking hot fudge sundae with a cherry on top", "A close up a ice cream sundae with a person in the background."]
["Motorcycle parked along the street next to a building.", "a motorcycle parked next to other motorcycles on city street", "A motorcycle is parker on a city sidewalk. ", "a black motorcycle is on display with more on either side", "A parked motorcycle is parked on a city street."]
["A blue and black motorcycle has a leather seat.", "A bright blue motorcycle parked on a sidewalk.", "The motorcycle is equipped with all the latest gadgets.", "A good looking motorcycle parked next to a fence.", "A blue motorcycle is parked on the side of a street."]
["A very cute looking black dog laying on the floor.", "a dog that is laying down on a blue towl", "The dog is laying on the bathroom floor next to the toilet.", "Big black dog laying on a bathroom floor with it's head on a towel.", "A dog laying on a towel on a bathroom floor. "]
["this is a woman cleaning a public restroom", "A woman cleans a group of public urinals.", "A woman cleaning a dirty bathroom with green walls.", "A woman is cleaning the stalls in a public bathroom.", "a lady cleaning filthy urinals in a public bathroom"]
["Several motorcycles parked in a parking lot in front of a building.", "Several mopeds are lined up along the side of a hotel parking lot.", "A group of motorcycles in a parking lot.", "a number of motorcycles parked near one another ", "Group of motorcycles lines up alongside a motel."]
["A group of people riding on the back of motor bikes.", "Two guys on scooters with two young kids.", "A group of people on a motor bike on the road.", "Two men are driving motorbikes with small boys. ", "a couple of motorcycles that have some people on them"]
["A picture of a motorcycle on the street.", "A motorcycle sits on a street near shops.", "A black motorcycle parked on a city street.", "A black motorcycle parked on a street by a store.", "A motorcycle parked on the side of the road."]
["A lot of broccoli sitting in a bowl", "There is a light blue bowl with broccoli in it.", "A large bowl of broccoli that has been cut into pieces of various sizes.", "A green bowl full of green broccoli florets.", "Several small pieces of broccoli sit in a bowl. "]
["Group of horses in a field with a pinto in the foreground.", "A paint horse and other breeds in the background grazing in a green field.", "a couple of horse that are eating some grass", "A lush green field with horses standing on top of it.", "A group of horses are grazing in a field."]
["A beige bathroom with a phone beside the toilet.", "a white toilet two rolls of toilet paper and a phone", "The white phone is conveniently located next to the toilet.", "A toilet has its lid closed in a bathroom near a phone. ", "A small bathroom has a phone by the toilet."]
["A group of men riding motorcycles in street with American flags.", "A row of motorcycles riding on a street.", "A gang of motorcyclists riding with american flags.", "A group of people on motorcycles sitting in the road.", "A motorcycle rally with leading person showing flag of US."]
["A motor bike on a road with people seated on the roadside", "A man is riding a large motorcycle on a street", "A man riding a motorcycle down a street with people sitting on the curb, watching.", "A man riding his motorcycle down a busy neighborhood street.", "A man riding on the back of a motorcycle "]
["A teddy bear in a pink dress and pink shoes. ", "a bear wearing a dress talking about humiliation ", "a teddy bear wearing a red dress and shoes sitting in a chair ", "A brown teddy bear sitting on top of a chair.", "A picture of a teddy bear with some message"]
["a person riding a bike on a grass field with rocks", "A person on a dirt bike is riding on a trail by some rocks.", "There is a person riding a motor bike", "A man riding a dirt bike across a crass covered field.", "A man is riding an off-road motorcycle. "]
["A large crowd of motorcycle enthusiasts at a motorcycle event.", "Pedestrians make their way past motorcycle traffic on a street.", "Some motorcycle riders are biking through a festival", "A group of bikers make their way through the intersection in town, where tents and flags are set up.", "A three wheeler and a motorcycle stopping at at stop sign."]
["a bunch of motorcycles are parked together outside", "A man standing in the middle of several parked motorcycles.", "A motorcycle rally is attended by numerous riders.", "A man looking for a place to park his motorcycle", "The man is standing surrounded by motor bikes."]
["There are two people riding on a motorcycle together", "An adult and a young person sitting on a motorcycle.", "A helmeted man and girl sitting on a motorcycle.", "A girl is sitting behind the man in the bike.", "A person and their child are riding a motorcycle."]
["A woman cutting up a large chocolate sheet cake.", "People eating a chocolate cake congratulating the Fire Fox 4 launch.", "The people are sitting and eating cake. ", "A lady cutting a slice of cake and putting it on a plate.", "Several women seated at a table with a cake."]
["A woman holding a large sheet cake in front of a screen.", "A woman in black jacket holding a cake in a white box.", "She is holding a large cake to congratulate someone.", "A woman holding a cake contained in a box.", "A woman holds a large cake with an internet symbol on it."]
["A motorized passenger buggy with people walking around it in a city.", "A person rides a motorcycle pulling a small cart.", "A motorized cart drives near a crowd of people.", "a cart with a motor bike on the back of it ", "A vehicle near parked vehicles and people standing around. "]
["A row of different colored motor scooters sitting in front of a store.", "A group of motor bikes sit parked along a street.", "The different colored motorcycles are parked next to each other. ", "Several different colors of the same motorcycle parked in a row.", "About ten motorcycles parked outside of a building."]
["A motorcycle parked in a parking next next to a car.", "a very beautiful motorbike standing besides a red car", "A very nice looking fancy yellow motorcycle parked by the curb.", "A yellow and black motorcycle parked on the street", "A yellow motorcycle parked on the side of the street."]
["A parade on a street with several officers on motorcycles riding while confetti falls from the sky on them.", "A group of motorcycles that are in the street.", "A bunch of motor cycle cops are riding their motor cycles in a parade as people are sitting on the side of the street cheering them on.", "a bunch of police officer on motor bikes ride down the street ", "A celebration with people riding motorcycles down the street."]
["A vase filled with red flowers sitting on a counter.", "The jar of clear glass has a fuzzy object in it.", "A bouquet of red roses sitting on top of a vase.", "A vase with red flowers in front of a shopping area.", "A vase with red flowers is sitting on a table."]
["an image of a group of policeman on motorcylces", "Black and white photo of police motorcycles with police standing next to them.", "Police motorcycles gathering near portable barrier, black and white photograph. ", "A group of police men standing by their motorcycles.", "A couple police offices standing next to their parked bikes"]
["a person on a motor bike driving in race ", "a man on a motorbike racing very fast", "A man riding a yellow motorcycle down a track.", "A person riding a motor bike beside advertisements on a wall.", "A racing motorcyclist in full speed in a race."]
["Red and black motorcycle parked near large 4 story building.", "A red motorcycle sitting outside a large warehouse.", "A red and black motorcycle is parked on the street in front of a building.", "A cool-looking motorcycle parked in front of a building.", "a motorcycle parked on a city street near a building"]
["Various stuffed animals behind a pane of glass", "A group of different sized and different colored teddy bears on display in a window.", "A window with several teddy bears and an umbrella.", "A store window with stuffed teddy bears in it", "A window filled with teddy bears and other stuffed animals."]
["A motorcycle is on display at a convention.", "a motorcycle in a display with people standing near by", "A motorcycle sits behind curtain barriers on a rug.", "A custom made motorcycle in a showroom under a disco ball. ", "A motorcycle on display near people standing around and talking."]
["A motorcycle parked on top of a tiled floor.", "A motorcycle is shown atop a display area.", "a motorcycle on display in a showroom with people in it.", "An orange motorcycle on display at a rally.", "A motorcycle with a sold ribbon on it at a bike show "]
["A dog sitting in front of a brown wooden door.", "a dog laying on the floor next to a door", "A dog sits by double doors that need to be painted and finished.", "A dog inside by a double hinged wooden door.", "Dog lays down in front of two closed glass doors inside a house. "]
["A group of people in a conference room watching a televisions.", "People at banquet tables watching a monitor in the front of the room.", "Many people are sitting in a convention watching a presentation.", "People sitting at tables in a hotel conference room watching television", "a room full of people some tables chairs and a television "]
["a plane is parked on a asphalt ready to fly", "a propeller plane sits parked in a parking lot ", "A small plane parked on a runway near a forest", "A small flier plane sits in a parking lot.", "A small white and blue plane sitting on black top."]
["A plane getting ready to land on a runway with another parked on the side or waiting to take off.", "A plane getting ready to land on a runway. ", "A small aircraft preparing to land on a small airstrip ", "a  plane flying over a green field and wooden fence approaching a landing strip.", "An airport with an airplane in the air. "]
["A foggy view of an airplane sitting in a yard.", "An airplane that is parked next to the terminal in the fog.", "A colorfully painted passenger jet approaching the terminal.", "a parked plane sits on a run way ", "a blue yellow and white jet parked at a foggy airport"]
["A large jumbo jet with huge wings is on the runway.", "A large airplane out in the open on a road.", "An air plane going down the runway on a clear day.", "An airplane landing on the tarmac on a sunny day. ", "a large air plane on a run way"]
["A train passing by a field with a grounded airplane", "a small air plane in a field with a train in the background ", "The biplane is parked on the other side of the dirt.", "A airplane in a field with a freight train going by in the distance", "Did the pilot have to ditch his airplane near the train tracks?"]
["a cargo plane being loaded by a scissor jack truck", "a truck parked next to a large passenger airplane", "a airplane parked on a runway getting loaded up by another truck.", "A large jetliner sitting on top of a n airport runway.", "A jumbo jet plane with a cargo truck parked next to the doorway."]
["The airplane is majestic as it takes off into the air.", "The plane is taking off the runway into the air", "A commercial jet is taking off from the airport.  ", "An airplane is only a short ways off the ground after take off.", "A plane takes off from an airport with other planes behind it."]
["A man sitting on a plane in back of a seat with a monitor on it.", "The elderly man is watching the screen in front of him. ", "A man is seated on an airplane watching a tv.", "an older person on an air plane looking at a display on the back on a seat", "An older man sitting on an airplane with earphones and watching a television in the headrest that is in front of his seat."]
["A boat floating in a harbor of a very large city.", "A ship passes on the waters in front of cityscape. ", "A boat in a river with the city lights as the backdrop. ", "A boat floats near a city skyline while a helicopter hovers nearby. ", "a boat in the water with a city skyline behind it"]
["A small plane that can land and take off from water.", "A propeller plane with floaters sitting on top of water.", "A twin prop airplane fitted with pontoons on the water pulled up to the dock.", "An airplane with water landing floats parked near a dock ", "An airplane sitting on the water next to a dock."]
["Two small airplanes parked on a lush green field.", "Two small planes parked in an open grassy field.", "THERE ARE TWO AIR PLANES PARKED ON THE GRASS ", "Two propeller aircraft parked outside a rural hangar.", "Two planes sit together on the grass. "]
["A plane parked in a large airplane hanger.", "An airplane hangar with a white and black airplane.", "An air plane is parked inside of a hanger.", "A picture of a very big plan on the ground.", "An airplane parked in a airplane hanger with banners on the wall of the building."]
["A man and woman sitting on a wooden bench together.", "A man and a woman with hand bags sitting on a bench.", "A man and a woman sitting side by side on bench on the street.", "A couple sits on a bench in front of a store.", "Woman and a man sitting on a bench in front of a group park."]
["Two plane flying over a sea and island", "Two jet liners flying near the ocean under a blue sky.", "Some very big commercial planes over the water.", "Two airplanes flying over water and passing each other", "A couple of large airplanes out in the open."]
["Two tall giraffe standing next to a green leaf filled tree", "Three giraffe's in a green field of grass.", "Some animals that are sitting under a tree.", "There giraffes all around a large green tree.", "Three giraffes lounging under a large tree relaxing."]
["there are two giraffes standing very close to each other", "Two giraffes with beautiful markings are shown from behind. ", "The image shows the hind quarters of two giraffe.", "A picture of the rear end of two giraffes. ", "The backside of two giraffes that are standing together."]
["A view from the street of two traffic lights and a building. ", "A very close up look at a traffic signal by a building.", "The hanging traffic light shows green on one side and red on the other.", "A traffic light turns green in front of a large building.", "A street light in front of a building."]
["A green traffic signal at an intersection in a town.", "A traffic light showing green beside an prohibition sign.", "A traffic light and sign with a building in the background.", "A stoplight sitting in front of a building.", "A street sign and traffic lights next to it on a city street."]
["A herd of sheep standing on a dry grass field behind a white fence.", "A herd of sheep grazing in an enclosure", "Lambs and goats mill about inside a white picket fence, possibly waiting for the load of hay in the white pick-up truck to be delivered to them for munching.", "Sheep and goats in a pen looking at a pickup truck parked next to it.", "Sheep and goats in their white fenced area"]
["A woman with a giraffe , parrot and kangaroo near the eiffel tower", "A giraffe standing next to a lizard in front of a kangaroo beneath a parrot with a blond woman uner the Eiffel tower.", "Eifel tower in the back with a person, giraffe, bird and kangaroo  in front.", "A woman standing in front of the Eiffel Tower surrounded by photo shopped animals.", "a group of animals standing in front of the eiffel tower"]
["large NASA plane parked near the landing stripe next to a smaller plane", "A small silver air plane sitting on top of a smaller jet.", "A small airplane is parked under a large airplane.", "An old fashioned photo shows a large airplane and a small airplane. ", "A small airplane underneath a large airplane with people near them."]
["A giraffe and two zebras are standing in the grass.", "Two zebras and a giraffe stand near a tree in an open field.", "A giraffe standing next to a couple of zebra.", "A giraffe and some zebra grazing near a tree.", "Two zebras watched by a giraffe graze on green grass beneath a tree."]
["A small bulding is lit up in the dark night.", "What looks like a darkly lit street has stoplight.", "The lights are still on and no one is around.", "The street lights show red even though it is dark. ", "A small structure at night next to a street light."]
["a number of cars stopped on a city street ", "some lights are on over a road covered in snow", "a car drives down a snowy hil in the storm", "A street road with a bunch of water on it.", "The roads are a bit slushy by the train crossing."]
["the bench is completely covered in snow so is the tree", "A bench and a tree are covered in fresh snow", "a bench covered in snow next to a tree ", "A snow-covered bench with a tree and house in the background.", "A snow covered park bench next to a tree in front of a building."]
["Commercial airliner over runway at airport on smoggy day.", "a large air plane flying in the air", "a couple of airplanes lifting off the ground", "A Delta plane is just about to take off from the station. ", "A passenger plane takes off at a major airport. "]
["Two giraffe standing next to each other on top of a field.", "Two giraffes looking opposite directions in a field.", "A pair of giraffes standing in a field of dying grass.", "Two giraffes standing side by side facing opposite directions.", "Two giraffes standing in a field of grass.\n"]
["Four green traffic lights on an empty road.", "a view of a city street with stop lights above", "A street with a crosswalk and three green traffic lights. ", "The signal lights on a street are green. ", "an empty street with a cross walk and some green traffic lights"]
["underside of a plane flying through a cloudy sky", "A black-and-white photo of an airplane in the sky.", "an airplane flies thorough an overcast sky ", "A large passenger airplane traveling beneath a cloudy sky.", "A commercial airliner fly in a stormy sky."]
["An aeroplane soaring high in a clear sky.", "A prop airplane flying in a cloudy sky.", "The under side of an airplane in flight.", "There is a plane flying in the sky", "A small airplane is flying in the gray sky."]
["A giraffe is standing outside in the woods.", "A giraffe stands in front of many green trees.", "A giraffe sticking his head out from high in the trees.", "Giraffe head by the trees during the day.", "A giraffe standing next to a tree in a forest."]
["A photo of a giraffe standing next to trees.", "A giraffe looking around in the underbrush for food ", "A giraffe looking to its right in some tall brush in the wilderness.", "A lone giraffe stretches tall among the trees as it looks around.", "A single giraffe standing in the middle of tall grass"]
["A green, yellow and blue truck driving down a street.", "A colorful truck is parked near a building.", "A truck is painted many different colors and has something on the top.", "A truck parked in the street in front of a building.", "A pick up truck that has been modified into a small bus."]
["A woman on a bench plays an accordion as a man looks on. ", "A person sitting on a bench playing an accordion.", "A woman sitting on a bench holding an accordion.", "a person sitting on a green park bench", "A woman sitting on a metal bench playing an accordion with passersby."]
["A man sitting on a bench holding a wooden guitar.", "A man playing a guitar while sitting on a park bench.", "A man sitting on a wooden bench playing a guitar in a park.", "A man sitting on a bench playing the guitar.", "A man seated on a bench plays the guitar."]
["A row of palm trees and a traffic night in a rainstorm.", "a street light on a street next to a tree lined median.", "Palm trees and a traffic light stand in a downpour.", "Trees amidst a busy highway get drenched in a torrent of rain.", "The light is red at the empty intersection."]
["A car and a traffic light on a street.", "Cars drive down the street on a dark, stormy day.", "A colorful rainbow over an inner city neighborhood.", "A rainbow that is above a street corner.", "a car is under a couple of lights outside"]
["A bottle of water sits on an empty bench. ", "A bottle sitting on a green park bench.", "a green bench on the sidewalk with a blue bottle on top", "two containers sitting resting on a green wooden bench", "A bottle of water is sitting on a green bench. "]
["A black and white photo of a snow covered bench.", "A bench sitting next to a park covered in snow.", "a park bench and trees covered with snow", "A park bench is covered in the misty white snow", "A bench in a park covered and surrounded by snow. "]
["A group of people are on a tour in the jungle.", "Tourists are stranded on the side of a road by a bus.", "A bus parked on the side of the road with its engine showing.", "A group of people standing near a bus.", "People are gathered alongside a dirt road while a bus engine compartment is open."]
["People wait at a public transport station in Thailand.", "The crowds at the station are waiting for their buses.", "a lady that is sitting on a park bench", "People waiting in seating area with buses nearby.", " Several people gathered and waiting at a bus station."]
["A green street sign over a street next to a traffic light.", "A red and green lit stop light near a sign.", "A green sign hangs from a pole near a traffic light.", "An image of a streetlight at the intersection of Niles Blvd And Niles Cyn.", "Street light showing a red light and green arrow."]
["A woman holding an umbrella while walking down a street.", "Two people with umbrellas are waiting for a bus.", "Two people on a sidewalk are holding umbrellas.", "Two people with umbrellas on a street with a bus.", "Two pedestrians with plaid umbrellas stand on a sidewalk"]
["A group of giraffe standing next to each other.", "Several giraffes standing around in the dirt near trees. ", "A large group of giraffes roaming around in an enclosure.", "Some giraffes are standing by a couple of trees", "Giraffes out in the wild near trees "]
["A woman smiling while standing next to a giraffe.", "A lady with pink hair feeding a giraffe.", "a giraffe taking a leaf from a smiling woman ", "A woman holding her hand up near a giraffes mouth.", "A girl with pink hair standing next to a giraffe."]
["A person and a animal in the daytime.", "A woman is standing by a fence petting a giraffe", "A woman posing for a photo while petting a baby giraffe.", "A woman standing next to a giraffe and touching its head.", "A woman touching the cheek of a giraffe."]
["The city bus in en route to Graham Street. ", "A bus drives down a city street and has a reflection of trees on its windshield.", "Metropolitan city bus shown on quiet city street.", "A bus driving past an intersection on a city street.", "The front of a city bus rolls down the street.  "]
["A group of sheep in grassy area with tree in the background.", "A field with grazing animals and a cloudy sky.", "Animals are grazing all around in the pasture.", "Dozens of sheep on a grassy field on a cloudy day.", "Some sheep are grazing in a rocky field with a few trees."]
["Two giraffes that are standing in the dirt.", "Pair of giraffes eating from Highbranches in zoo", "Two giraffes standing in the wild near trees.", "Two giraffes standing inside an enclosure eating from trees.", "There are two tall giraffes and one eats on a tree"]
["A giraffe standing next to a stone wall.", "there's a giraffe standing by a rail and some big rocks", "A giraffe standing near a fence in a zoo.", "A giraffe standing in the dirt next to a fence.", "A giraffe is looking at something while standing near a fence."]
["A giraffe standing outside of two white doors.", "The giraffe stands near an open double door.", "A Giraffe standing outside near an open door", "A giraffe is standing near a large door", "A random Giraffe is standing in front of a double door. "]
["Zoo visitors look on at an adult and baby giraffe.", "Two giraffes standing next to each while people look at them .", "Several people are watching an adult and baby giraffe.", "a group of people watching giraffes in the zoo", "An adult and young giraffe in an enclosure with people looking at them."]
["A pair of rams graze through the snow on the side of a hill.", "Two sheep stand in the snow and eat grass. ", "A ram and another sheep standing in the snow.", "Two rams stand in the snow up to their ankles", "Two rams standing together in front of a snowy embankment."]
["A man and giraffes are sitting on the grass.", "People watching giraffes sitting in their natural habitat.", "A person sits on the ground not far from two giraffes.", "Two zebra standing on a lush green field", "A person is sitting on the grass near two giraffes."]
["A herd of giraffe standing next to each other at a zoo.", "A few giraffes are walking around in a pin", "People looking at a group of giraffes in zoo.", "Group of people standing on the deck to watch a group of giraffes.", "People are looking at a group of giraffes at the zoo."]
["assorted cars and buses sitting in a parking lot", "A view of an are with several vehicles that are parked.", "A group of buses is parked alongside the road.", "A group of cars and busses on a dirt lot.", "Several buses and some cars parked in a dirt lot."]
["A bench sitting in the middle of a lake.", "A bench sitting in front of a lake.", "A park bench by a body of water.", "A park bench that is on the shore of a lake.", "A bench sitting in a forest next to a lake."]
["A large giraffe is standing in a vast green field. ", "A giraffe standing on top of a lush green field.", "A giraffe that is standing in the grass.", "A big giraffe is looking at the camera man.", "A giraffe is standing with trees behind it."]
["some cars on a wet street buildings and traffic lights", "Street lights reflect in the sunset on a city street.", "Street lights are seen in a dusk setting. ", "A view of a red traffic light in a city at night.", "A pathway next to a street with traffic at a light."]
["A large giraffe standing next to a man pushing a bail of hay on a cart.", "A Giraffe watching a zookeeper move a bale of straw.", "Giraffe watching a man push a wheelbarrow loaded with hay.", "a giraffe staring at a man bringing out hay on a wheelbarrow", "A giraffe watches a man wheel a wheelbarrow of hay across the yard."]
["A man works on landscaping a tree near a giraffe.", "a man putting out some food for a giraffe to eat ", "A man spreading out some hay in a large animal pen.", "A person puts hay on the ground for a giraffe.", "A person pitchforking hey while a giraffe looks on in its enclosure."]
["A bus driving down a street next to a white van.", "A bus and a van cross through a busy intersection", "a city bus drives next to a van ", "Buses and cars sitting beside of each other on a busy street.", "A bus and a van travel side by side on a busy city street."]
["A group of people and a large truck on a street.", "Open air tour bus parked by the sidewalk on a city street.", "A tour bus with an open back on a busy city street.", "A couple of people walking down the side walk near a a convertible bus.", "A  large tour bus parked near a street curb"]
["A bus with no roof has lots of seats in back.", "A bus that is sitting in a street.", "People on a tour bus with half the top cut off.", "lot of people are outside on a beautiful day and people are on a fun bus.", "THERE IS A BUS THAT DOES NOT HAVE A ROOF ON THE STREET"]
["A bus that is driving down the road.", "A bus with two levels and a hostess ad is traveling on a street.", "An open-air tour bus driving in a city.", "A double decker bus is loaded with people.", "A double decker bus that has a load of people on top and an advertisement on the side."]
["a person holding a clear piece of glass or plastic", "A man holding a large piece of glass outside by a truck ", "a couple of men are loading a truck with glass", "Many men work together to put objects in a truck. ", "A man holding glass near a pick up truck on the street. "]
["A man with camera taking a photo of sheep ", "A boy squatting and taking pictures with his camera of sheep.", "A young teenager is photographing a heard of sheep.", "A boy takes a picture of a herd of sheep.", "A person takes photos of sheep laying down. "]
["A yellow bench sitting in a field next to trees and a shrub wall.", "A top view of a garden bench on a grassy lawn.", "Looking down on a park bench situated by some shrubs on a carpet of green grass.", "A bench sitting in a large grassy area with small shrubs.", "An overhead view of a park bench in the grass"]
["A bus driving down a street next to tall buildings.", "A city bus parked on the side of the street.", "A bus at a stop near some buildings.", "A bus for Shoreline is stopped at a bus stop", "a black and orange bus is driving down the road"]
["A man who is making some gestures in front of a street sign.", "A man is standing on a street corner.", "A man posing against a light post on a street", "a man in black is standing on a street corner", "A man in a dance pose at a street corner."]
["a lady observing a woman carrying two large bags and a man doing karate", "A man roller blades down a city street.", "A woman is walking down the sidewalk carrying two large bags and a man is one the sidewalk dancing.", "A man dancing on a sidewalk near a fire hydrant.", "The man is dancing on the sidewalk in front of everyone. "]
["A man flying through the air while swinging from a pole.", "A man climbs a sign pole near a street.", "A man jumping while holding a street sign on street corner.", "A man parcoring off a sign post along a busy street.", "A man jumping in the air holding onto a pole."]
["A group of fire fighters working on a fire hydrant.", "Five fire fighters standing by a fire hydrant.", "a group of firefighters standing around a fire hydrant ", "The five men wearing hats are standing by the fire hydrant ", "Firemen gathered around a fire hydrant on a city street."]
["a few people that are inside a fence", "the foreman is watching two guys flush a fire hydrant and two guys just standing there", "A group of fire fighters walking on top of a parking lot.", "A SMALL GROUP OF FIREFIGHTERS ARE WORKING ON A HYDRANT", "City workers in uniforms are performing maintenance on a fire hydrant."]
["a couple of cars parked next to a fire hydran.", "A woman sitting on a hydrant in front of a shop.", "A woman leaning against on a fire hydrant on the street.", "A woman leaning on a fire hydrant outside a flower shop.", "A black and white photo of a woman sitting on a fire hydrant near a flower shop."]
["there is a bus that is stopped and is very dark", "A couple of busses are parked on the street.", "A bus is parked right behind another bus.", "a public transit bus on a city street", "The doors of the white city bus are open."]
["a bench in the middle of a field with trees near by", "A bench sits in the middle of a grassy area in a park.", "Green public park with large trees, bench and rotunda", "a bench in a grassy field shaded by trees", "A lone park bench sitting in the middle of a lush green park."]
["Some brown and white giraffes standing and sitting together.", "A herd of giraffe standing on top of a dirty field.", "a herd of giraffes gather in a sandy area ", "Several giraffes sitting on a sandy area in a zoo.", "Several giraffes are standing on the sand by trees."]
["A couple of giraffe standing next to each other.", "Some very cute giraffes that are  very close together.", "two giraffes outdoors sitting next to each other.", "A giraffe standing in front of another one sitting down at a zoo.", "Two giraffes, one sitting the other standing, in a park."]
["A giraffe stands tall beside a tree in a barren area.", "A giraffe eating some leaves off of a tree.", "An animal that is walking around a tree.", "A tall giraffe stands next to a lone tree in a dry area.", "A giraffe walking past a tree on a dirt landscape."]
["A yellow and red fire hydrant sitting next to a tree.", "A fire hydrant on the corner near a building. ", "A yellow fire hydrant at the corner of a crosswalk", "A fire hydrant is next to a red wall by trees", "We are looking at a brightly painted fire hydrant on the corner."]
["the back of a city bus as it drives down a street", "a public transit bus on a city street ", "A bus traveling down the street during the day.", "The back of an electric powered bus on a busy city street", "There is a bus with it's brake lights on."]
["A faded red fire hydrant sitting on the side of a street.", "A light red fire hydrant on the corner of a street.", "a close up of a red fire hydrant on a city street", "There is a fire hydrant on the street while a van is in the background.", "A fire-hydrant on a street and near a van."]
["four people sitting on a bench and some pink flowers", "Two couples sit on a bench in front of bushes with pink flowers.", "Four people sit on a bench in front of bushes with flowers", "A group of four friends on a bench in front of flowers.", "a group of people sitting on a bench in front of some blooming flowers"]
["a public transit bus on a city street", "A bus driver standing outside a bus on the street.", "A man in a uniform stands in front of a red, white and blue bus and holds a cell phone in his hand on a residential street.", "A city bus on a street with a uniformed officer standing by.", "Police officer standing in front of a public transportation bus. "]
["A lone bird contemplates life while resting on top of a mound.", "Pausing for a break on a sunwarmed rock.", "A brown bird perched on top of some rocks", "a small bird standing on a rock with plants in th background", "A bird that is on top of a rock."]
["There are people standing on a red double decker bus.", "A woman stepping out of a double decker bus.", "A woman in a long dress is on a double decker bus.", "A Lady on a bus talks to a gentleman on the street.", "some buildings and a red double decker bus and two people"]
["A blue bus parked in front of a building.", "a public transit bus on a city street", "a bright blue bus going down the road ", "A blue bus traveling down the street in the day.", "The city bus looks like it was in a accident on the road."]
["A woman pulling her luggage past an orange fire hydrant.", "a person is pulling a black suitcase past an orange fire hydrant", "A woman pulls a wheeled suitcase past a fire hydrant.", "A person pulls a suitcase down a brick walkway next to a fire hydrant.", "Someone is walking, possibly towards a vehicle or line, moving their travel bag"]
["A bird is flying next to a ship in the ocean.", "A large boat in the middle of the ocean", "A big ship is traveling on the water.", "A boat traveling on the water with black smoke pouring out of it.", "A small boat is sailing through the ocean."]
["An old tour bus for Buddy Holly and the Crickets", "A large red bus parked in a stationary position.", "An old fashioned red and white tour bus with the enscription \"Buddy Holly and the Crickets.\"", "A tour bus advertises Buddy Holly and Ritchie Valens. ", "A red and white bus on street with trees in the background."]
["A Cat looking at a bird that is on the other side of a window.", "A cat staring out a window at a bird.", "A car sitting at a window staring at a bird.", "A cat is sitting by a window and watching a bird.", "A cat watching a small bird through a window."]
["Two sheep standing in a sunny green  field", "A pair of sheep stands in a pasture beneath a blue sky.", "Two white sheep stand on a grassy hill.", "Mother sheep with her baby, in a pasture.", "A sheep is standing in the grass on a nice day."]
["A close up of a fire hydrant with a skyscraper in the background.", "A bus is coming down the city street.", "A gray fire hydrant with a yellow top.", "A fire hydrant is on the sidewalk in the city.", "A fire hydrant on a cobbled stone sidewalk with a red bus in the distance."]
["A red bus traveling down a busy city street.", "A red decorated bus is at the bus stop.", "Red bus with graffiti stops to pick up passenger.", "A bright orange bus pulling into a bus stop.", "A city link red bus picking someone up."]
["A person sitting on a bench with lots of written signs.", "A man sitting on a cement bench next to a planter", "A guy sits on a public bench with protesting signs.", "A man is making a variety of protest signs.", "A man making a sign for the current protest. "]
["A giraffe walking through a green grass covered field.", "A giraffe stands beside a massive tree trunk.", "A giraffe standing next to a tree with no branches.", "A giraffe stares at a tree that is dead.", "A giraffe stands next to a very tall trimmed tree"]
["A blue sign sitting on the side of a road next to a tree.", "A street sign beside a tree on the street.", "Blue sign with man and woman symbols on a street.", "A blue street sign signifying both men and women", "Does this sign mean there are bathrooms somewhere around here?"]
["a couple of sheep graze on some grass ", "There are three animals outside of the barn.", "Three sheep graze in front of a barn.", "Sheep eating in a fenced in enclosure near a barn.", "Three sheep grazing in a field near a fence and barn."]
["Two busses on street next to cars with buildings in the background.", "A couple of buses driving down a street next to tall buildings.", "A street is filled with busses and cars. ", "there are two different busses going down the street", "Two buses moving along on a road during a sunny day."]
["A brightly colored red and green bus is parked.", "A bus parked in the road with its doors open.", "A bus traveling down a road next to a green hill.", "A half green half red short bus. ", "A red and green handicapped bus is parked."]
["A bus driving down a quiet street in the city.", "The passenger bus is travelling down the street.", "a bus that is parked outside of a building", "A city bus with intersection with a crosswalk and hills behind ", "A view of a public transportation bus awaiting passengers. "]
["A bus parked in front of a bus stop.", "People waiting at a bus stop with a bus parked.", "People are waiting under the roof at the bus stop.", "A couple of men standing in front of a bus at a bus station.", "A bus stop with sun shades and a parked bus."]
["A man standing a the front of a passenger bus.", "A person in white and blue standing in front of open doors of a bus.", "A passenger bus parked between another bus and a building.", "A bus parked outside with Asian characters on it.", "A man holding on the a parked bus talking to the driver."]
["A bus with a mural on the side and front.", "A bus that is on the side of the road.", "A colorful bus from japan parked on the street.", "A colorful bus with Chinese lettering on the side.", "A bus with a grass design on the side. "]
["A bus is stopping to pick up a passenger.", "An orange bus on street next to benches.", "A man boarding a bus at a bus stop.", "The bus driver is picking up people to bring to their destination", "A man boards a bus at a bus stop with a bench in front of it."]
["there are several street signs on the same wood poles", "A large sign on the side of a city street.", "A construction sign on a street corner of a city.", "A sign is at the crosswalk for a street improvement project.", "A sign explain the meaning of the road work."]
["A yellow bus carrying passengers riding along the road.", "A yellow school bus driving down a street with a red car following behind it.", "There is a bus driving down the street.", "This yellow bus is driving down the street", "A yellow bus traveling down a cobblestone road."]
["Several people are waiting to get on a city bus.", "A crowd of people waiting to get on a bus.", "A group of people waiting to board a commuter bus headed to the Subway.", "People waiting in line near a passenger bus.", "A large group of people waiting for the city bus."]
["A stop sign and a one way sign are on the corner of a town block.", "a street sign on a metal pole next to a paved road.", "two street signs on a near a tree ", "a stop sign next to a one way sign", "A street light that is hanging off of a power line over a street."]
["People are sitting on the sidewalk and relaxing by the river.", "A woman with a baby in a stroller near a river. ", "A woman is walking her baby in a stroller and talking to friends.", "A river going along a small city filled with people.", "birds swimming in a river inside a city"]
["A beach next to the ocean covered in a rainbow.", "a rainbow at the beach with a gray colored sky", "THERE IS A RAINBOW IN THE SKY OVER THE WATER", "The rainbow is shining just above the water.", "A rainbow is reflected in the water as it touches the sea."]
["A bird walks along on a beach with other members of its kind.", "there ar many birds standing in the sand at the beach", "A white bird is standing in the sand at the beach", "three small birds on a sandy beach ", "A couple of birds that are walking on some sand."]
["A black bird flying over a body of water.", "a bird is flying across a body of water", "A bird flying over an ocean, the sun is on the horizon. ", "A shadowed bird wings its way across a reddish sky with a low sun that rests over a watery expanse.  ", "A seagull is flying over water at sunset."]
["This is a giraffe standing in an enclosure.", "A picture of a giraffe in a fenced in enclosed area.", "A giraffe inside of a large fenced in area.", "A giraffe is walking around in an enclosure. ", "a small giraffe walks inside of a gated area"]
["The giraffe is eating amongst the tall trees.", "A giraffe standing in the tall brush, eating leaves from a tree.", "The giraffe is standing out in the trees. ", "A giraffe grazing in the tops of trees hes surrounded by.", "A giraffe that is standing in the grass."]
["Two white birds sitting on sand with water in the background.", "Two birds on a beach near a body of water.", "The birds are on the beach by the water. ", "Two birds are standing on a beach near water.", "two little birds sitting on the shore by a piece of wood "]
["A giraffe standing next to a forest on top of a field.", "a giraffe walking in a field near a tree", "A giraffe eating leaves off a tall tree. ", "A giraffe is eating leaves on a tree. ", "A tall giraffe with its head near the green leaves of a large tree."]
["A bird with a fish in its hand on a beach.", "A bird with its' wings spread landing near the ocean.", "A bird of prey with a fish in its claws", "a hawk grabbbing hold of a fish by the ocean ", "A bird flies close over the water waves."]
["A large exit street sign laying on the ground.", "An exit sign at bottom of escalator in subway", "THERE IS A SIGN THAT IS ON THE SUB WAY", "some stairs and some people and a red white and black sign", "A sign for a subway station that is sitting on the ground."]
["A room with various blue and white signs and a television.", "A TV is placed inside of the wall.", "A mounted television is next to a blue sign.", "A television with a man on the screen and a sign next to it", "A television that is on with a white man talking and campaign signs"]
["There is a television that is on and signs nearby. ", "A television with a man on a talk show in a political position on it.", "a television screen with John McCain on it ", "A political figure is on the Television near the blue signs. ", "a tv built into a wall with signs near by"]
["The walk light is lit on this street.", "Cross light under a street sign indicating pedestrians can cross.", "A traffic light and street sign on street.", "Street sign of Honorary Newton N. Minow Way", "A traffic light with a street sign hanging off of it's side."]
["Two giraffe standing on a desert land scape.", "Three giraffes stand on a plain with rolling hills in the background.", "A giraffe family hanging out in their natural habitat", "Two giraffes walk down an open grassy savannah.", "Two giraffes standing alone in a large, open plain. "]
["Two giraffe on a grassy field on a sunny day.", "two girrafes in the savana on a sunny day", "THRE ARE A GIRAFFEE IN THE GREEN WALKING ", "Two giraffes stare off into the grassy hillside.", "two giraffe are walking across a field in nature"]
["A bunch of street signs are near a building. ", "a pole sitting in front of a big building ", "A street sign at a corner pointing the way to the library.", "Street signs are posted at the corner of a street.", "A sign on the street corner showing two streets."]
["A woman standing next to a traffic signal on a street corner.", "A woman is standing on the corner in protest.", "A cityscape with several people holding signs protesting for a cause. ", "A street view of a protest and a woman with her fist raised. ", "A group of protestors holding signs on a side walk."]
["A bird sitting on top of a log in a lake.", "A heron stands on a submerged log on the edge of a river", "a bird that is standing on a log in water", "A bird standing on a log in water ", "A long legged bird sitting on a log near the water."]
["A bird stands on a rock, gazing out over the water.", "A large bird standing on a rock near the water.", "A large bird standing on a rock by the water.", "A bird stands tall on a piece of wood in the water.", "A bird that is standing on a rock near the water."]
["An old man wearing a red tie and a black vest.", "a man in a suit and red tie coming out of a building", "An older man in a  conductor's uniform stands in a doorway", "A man who looks like a train conductor coming out of a door ", "A man stands in a doorway, holding papers."]
["A boy wearing a cap and green t-shirt holds a baseball mitt.", "Boy in green shirt holding a glove and baseball.", "A young boy in a baseball hat and glove", "A young boy smiles as he holds a ball in a mitt.", "A little boy in a green shirt holding a purple toy."]
["A group of people standing outside of a blue train.", "Passengers are departing and boarding the blue train.", "Group of passengers getting out of a blue train. ", "a blue and white train and many people with their luggage", "A train has stopped and people are getting off."]
["A train station with a few passengers waiting for the train to arrive.", "People standing at a train station waiting on the train .", "People are waiting at a train station for their train.", "A couple of people with luggage waiting for a train. ", "A train station with people standing with luggage."]
["a couple of street signs are on a pole", "a tall pole with street signs standing next to  a tall tree", "This is street signs for Cortland and Coleridge.", "there are two street name signs on a street pole", "A couple of street signs hanging from a large pole."]
["A crowd of people standing under a give way sign.", "People on a city street near a traffic sign. ", "People are walking down a crowded city street.", "people stainding on the sidewalk below a red and white street sign ", "Children standing on the curb of a street under s sign."]
["A yellow and brown bird perched on a leaf on top of a grass covered field.", "Yellow and green bird sitting in tall grass. ", "A YELLOW BELLIED BIRD WITH A WHITE STRIPE ON HIS HEAD", "A black and yellow small bird in the grass", "a brown, white and yellow bird standing in the grass"]
["a train is passing a lake by a mountain", "Some water in an area surrounded by rocks and trees.", "A train carrying shipping containers passes between a stream and a mountain.", "A forested mountain is covered in tree tops ", "A train traveling down the rail road tracks near some mountains."]
["White swans in the water and on the grass with one taking a close eye on the camera.", "A close up of a goose in front of a lake.", "Geese on the grass near a city pond.", "Swans are standing on the grass by a pond.", "A flock of large white geese with colorful faces."]
["The large winged bird is looking for some prey.", "A colorful large bird with a long beak taking flight.", "A crane taking off into flight from the water.", "A white bird starts flying from the water.", "this is an image of a crane landing in water."]
["A green street sign on top of a metal pool.", "A street sign at the corner of Ward and Long Ridge", "Two road signs mounted on a pole with trees in the background.", "One street sign says Ward Rd and the other says Long Ridge Rd.", "Crossroads sign in front of some trees on a sunny day"]
["a couple of birds are perched on some branches", "two colorful birds sitting on some branches ", "Two parrots sit on different high branches and face each other.", "Two brightly colored parrots in a tree looking at one another.", "A couple of parrots sitting on tree tops looking stoic."]
["Two parrots sitting on top of a tree beneath a blue sky.", "Two colorful parrots perched on top of a tree branch", "There are two birds sitting together on a branch.", "Two colorful parakeets on the top of a tree branch ", "Two parrots sitting on a high tree branch together."]
["a big group of people next to a umbrella", "Group of adults at outdoor gathering on clear day.", "A group of people standing together for a gathering.", "Some people are gathered around with a white umbrella.", "some people a white umbrella and some signs"]
["A picture of a train coming out of a house.", "Small toy train engine set with a train station. ", "A train leaves a tunnel surrounded by a forest.", "A miniature train set made to look full size.", "A miniature train is on its track and ready to leave the depot."]
["A view out of a window that shows a winding river.", "a river is shown passing through a grass land ", "There is a view out of a window of a river ", "A forest and river seen from behind horizontal bars.", "A railing that overlooks a river and a forest."]
["A crowd of people standing on a sidewalk holding candles.", "Blurry photo of people holding candles at night.", "a group of people standing in front of some building with candles ", "A group of people holding candles on a sidewalk in the snow.", "A group of people standing and sitting, holding candles."]
["An announcer with a microphone talking to a crowd.", "A man in suit and tie talking on microphone to a crowd.", "A large group of people on the street.", "Group of people among a speaker and news crews.", "A man with a microphone in a crowd of people looking to his left."]
["Two people resting beneath a tree near several green street signs.", "There are several signs posted on a post.", "two people sitting on a bench talking behind street signs", "Street markers on poles leaned against a tree near an apartment complex.", "two people sit on a bench behind signs for Carnell Pitts avenue and Cory Hatter avenue"]
["A group of people enjoying a barbecue near some trees.", "A park with lots of street signs signs posted outside of it.", "a lot of street signs near one another on a tree", "People are gathered on a sidewalk under some trees.", "A busy walkway at an urban city park."]
["A swimming pool with lanes marked for racing on the water's edge across from a large city.", "An Olympic style swimming pool, with many dividers", "an Olympic pool sitting next to a river ", "A large swimming pool is next to a large harbor.", "A swimming pool that is next to a ocean."]
["A train that is sitting on the tracks.", "stream running beside a railroad track in the mountains.", "A stream with rocks outside by train, with hills and evergreens.", "A mountains hil is littered with tall trees", "A train rolling by a mountain stream and trees."]
["a bird flying thru the sky with mountains in the background", "a bird with a large sing span flying over trees", "A bird in flights with mountains in the background.", "A bird soaring through a foggy sky over a snow covered mountain.", "A bird that is flying in the sky."]
["A blue and white train passing by other trains and buildings.", "a couple of trains going in different directions", "Trains and containers in a train yard next to some buildings.", "A blue and white train traveling through a city.", "a train depot with several trains stationed in it "]
["A old train station with trains on the tracks.", "This picture looks like a old time picture.", "Trains stopped along a side walk near a building.", "Two trains on tracks with a flat platform area between the tracks.", "a red and black train sitting at a museum empty"]
["A train car sitting underneath a enclosure near a pole..", "Box cars are sitting on tracks at a station", "a train sitting on the track inside a building", "A view of a train traveling on a railroad under a roof. ", "The train sits on the track in a covered bay."]
["A city at night with people walking around.", "A busy street corner in Tokyo at night.", "The lights and sights of a busy, populated city in Asia.", "A city plaza is lit up with colorful bright signs.", "A picture of a major Asian city at night."]
["A passenger train passes a freight train traveling in opposite directions", "A blue, yellow, orange, and red train passes another train.", "An orange and blue train car traveling past a forest.", "Two trains traveling down the tracks next to each other.", "Two trains that are sitting near each other."]
["A man and his little dog outside protesting Petland", "elderly man with two dogs near a road holding a sign boycotting puppy mills", "A man standing on the side of the road with two small dogs, holding a sign.", "A couple of small dogs standing next to a man holding a sign.", "A man with a protest sign holding a small dog on a leash."]
["two people staging a protest against housing foreclosure", "A woman holding up a stop foreclosures sign.", "some people a red and white sign and some trees", "A woman holding a protest sign stands with a man under a tree.", "a man and a women using  sign to protest."]
["Group of protesters with red and white signs on concrete steps. ", "A number of people standing around with signs.", "A group of people standing on steps holding signs.", "A protest to \"stand together and stop evictions.\"", "A man standing near a group of people with picket signs."]
["train pulling up on the tracks next to a stationary double decker train", "a pair of trains are passing each other on the tracks", "Two silver trains parked next to each other.", "The two trains are inside of the station.", "A locomotive and a passenger car next to each other at the station"]
["A stop sign before a traffic control booth on a highway.", "a stop sign at a check point in france", "A red stop sign posted to a yellow pole in front of a toll booth.", "The red stop sign says stop in two languages there are also cars passing.", "A red stop/arret sign at a toll booth."]
["A stop sign sits at an empty intersection.", "The road by the stop sign is empty. ", "A stop sign with street marker at the top at an intersection.", "A stop sign and street sign at corner of a road.", "A picture of the stop sign at West Union Street in the evening."]
["An single old train car is next to a tree.", "a close up of a train on field of green grass", "an old rusty looking train with patches of paint on it", "A train sitting on train tracks near a tree.", "A large train on a track by some trees."]
["A parking meter machine covered in ice surrounded by snow.", "A parking meter covered in snow with a snow covered car next to it.", "Car buried in snow next to what might be a gas pump.", "blank image with no pictures available to write about", "A snow covered parking lot meter in front of a building\n"]
["a coin meter that is next to a parking spot", "A double parking meter is decorated with a picture of a girl with wings on her feet.", "Blue parking meters covered in painting next to a road.", "There is a picture with doves painted on the parking meter.", "A parking meter with a man and two birds drawn on it."]
["A blue double parking meter sitting next to a street.", "A double parking meter decorated with cat art", "A dual sided parking meter near a highway.", "A close up a parking meter with a night scene on it.", "a double parking meter that is painted "]
["A truck that is pulling a boat behind it.", "A green pickup truck is hauling a small boat. ", "A pickup truck tows a motorboat behind it.", "A motorboat hitched to a truck in the forest.", "A pickup truck tows a boat along a wooded road."]
["A pickup truck towing a boat on a trailer.", "A truck is towing a boat down the street.  ", "A white truck hauling a white boat parked on the side of a road.", "A truck driving down the road pulling a boat.", "a couple of cars ride down a city street "]
["a truck in the reflection on a car mirror ", "A tuck looking out its window in the rain", "looking into a truck mirror at another truck morror", "the reflection of a white truck in a mirror", "a mirror that has a truck in the reflection"]
["A rear view mirror has the reflection of a truck.", "A view of a large semi truck near a highway seen through a mirror.", "Picture of white vehicle on the open highway and the front/rear view mirror.", "There is a rear view mirror with a truck in it.", "A photo taken in a mirror showing the side of a truck."]
["A red and blue truck driving down a street.", "A large truck that is parked diagonally on a street, with the front tire against a curb.", "A large touch parked diagonally at a curb.", "A large red truck parked sideways in a street while men direct traffic.", "A truck on the road and people walking nearby"]
["A wooden table topped with the contents of a woman's purse.", "Travel items are laid out neatly next to a purse.", "The contents of a purse sitting on a table.", "The contents of a handbag lie on the table next to a handbag.", "A purse's contents have been emptied onto a table."]
["The little black kitten is sitting inside a black bag. ", "The black kitten is sitting inside of a bag.", "A brown kitten sits in a small bag.", "A very small kitten can be seen sitting on the top of this purse.", "A kitten sits in an open bag with a zipper."]
["a little puppy dog in some kind of bag", "The black dog is holding it's head out of a small purse.", "A dog that is inside of a bag with someone touching it.", "A tiny dog inside of a blue purse.", "A very small dog sitting in a shoe."]
["An orange and white cat laying on top of a brown shoe.", "an orange and white cat and a pair of brown shoes", "A cat is sitting on the floor next to a shoe.", "An orange and white kitten sleeping on a wood floor beside a shoe.", "A cat is lying next to a shoe"]
["A cat with it's head inside of a brown shoe.", "A very cute cat laying on some shoes.", "A cat looking on the inside of a mans shoe. ", "a cat with its head burried in a shoe", "A cat has put  his head in a shoe."]
["Guys on motorcycles rides along side cars and behind a truck filled with people in the back.", "Two motorcyclists are traveling behind a truck full of day workers.", "A couple of people that are on some motorcycles.", "The two motorcycles are in the middle of traffic.", "There are men riding motorcycles on a crowded street."]
["A grey and white tabby cat and pair of brown shoes", "A gray, black and white cat with green eyes steps over a pair of brown loafers.", "A cat emerges from a nook that has a pair of shoes in it.  ", "A cat walking across a pair of brown shoes.", "a cat standing above a pair of brown shoes "]
["A cow laying on a green field next to it's baby.", "a cow and three calves laying in a grassy field", "Cow and calf are lying in the grass on a pasture.", "A mama cow is resting in the pasture with three calves.", "Farm animals relaxing in a field with trees in the background."]
["a couple of cows are laying in a field", "The cow is laying in the grass with three calves.", "A large tan cow laying in a field with three calves. ", "A couple of sheep laying on top of a grass field.", "A cow and three baby calf's are laying in a grassy field."]
["the animal is laying down in the grass", "The white head of an animal sticks out from a field of green grass.", "Only the back of a calf's head is visible as it hides in tall grass in a field.", "A small animal is in a field in the grass.", "a cow in a field of grass with more grass in the background "]
["A group of people are on bikes on a busy street.", "Motorcycles and cars are causing heavy traffic in the street.", "a large group of people on motorcycles ", "Cow going against traffic on a very crowded street.", "Congested traffic, motor scooters, cows and people on a city street"]
["A herd of cows walking down the street.", "A line of cattle moving down a dirt road while a car drives by in the opposite direction.", "A line of steer walking through a street.", "A heard of cattle are traveling together down the road. ", "Livestock walking near side of marked road in urban setting."]
["People in line in the street at an ice cream truck.\n", "A group of people standing outside of a blue ice cream trucks.", "People standing at the ice cream truck waiting to get some.", "A line iof 6 people is formed at the pink ice cream truck.", "A bunch of folks standing by a food truck."]
["A circular green and white sign that reads \"car parking\" in front of cows.", "round green car parking sign posted on a fence", "A sign reading \"Car parking,\" is on a fence in front of a herd of cattle.", "A sign and a group of cows on a large grass field.", "The animals are unaware of the sign on the fence."]
["Truck and car passing each other in a suburban neighborhood", "a truck with a lift on it passing two cars", "A white truck driving on top of a street.", "a truck drives down a street next to some houses ", "Truck and a car driving in opposite directions on a road."]
["A animal laying in the sand on a beach.", "A goat on the beach with people around.", "A cow sitting on the beach near a group of people.", "The animal is laying down on the beach with people around it. ", "A animal that is laying down in the sand."]
["Cars are following a truck down a residential street.  ", "A trailer truck with several cars behind it driving by three garbage cans.", "a large truck going down a street with garbage cans on the side", "A large white truck driving down a street.", "A white truck travels down a residential street past some trash cans."]
["A car with people on it during a parade", "The truck is carrying people in the parade.", "A street scene with several people in the back of an old truck.", "Someone is waving from the back of a pickup truck.", "A lot of people that are in the back of a truck."]
["People are in the bed of a green truck with an umbrella.", "A couple of people with an umbrella on the back of a truck.", "A green truck driving down a street with people in the back of it.", "People riding on the back of a truck under an umbrella. ", "A locally famous person riding in a truck in a parade."]
["A long boat filled with people sitting on top of a body of water.", "A wooden boat in the water with people sitting inside.", "A picture of people in some kind of boat.", "people sitting on a long narrow boat in the water", "people on a boat that is in the water. "]
["An orange and white cat laying on top of a bed.", "A cat rests on a blanket near a book.", "A cat sitting next to a copy of James Joyce's Ulysses.", "A cat is sitting on a bed next to a book.", "A cat curled up on a bed with a book beside him."]
["a cat stares into the camera while sitting on a blanket ", "A cat is sitting on a bed alongside various items.", "A cat is shown sitting on a quilted blanket.", "A siamese cat sitting on top of a blanket.", "A  gray cat sitting on a bed and staring at the camera "]
["A cute cat sticking its head in a box of pizza.", "A white and black cat with its head inside a box smelling the food.", "A cat pokes its head into a box and smells the food inside it.", "A cat with its head in a box of pizza", "A cat trying to sneak a bite of pizza."]
["A cat sitting in front of a delicious chocolate donut.", "A cat looking at a donut on a plate.", "A cat is looking over a chocolate covered donut on a plate.", "A cat stares at a chocolate topped donut, with the caption reading, \"DONUT WANT.\"", "Cat looks at donut with words \"donut want\" along bottom"]
["A herd of cattle grazing on a dry grass field.", "Cattle graze a field in front of two large mountains.", "Snow covers the tops of mountains in the fall. ", "Cows in a field in front of mountains with snow topped peaks.", "Cows grazing in a field of dry grass by snowy hills"]
["An open suitcase on the floor next to a cell phone.", "Two pieces of luggage are sitting on the floor.", "An open partially packed suitcase resting on the floor with a cell phone next to it.", "An open suitcase, a backpack, and a cellphone are sitting on the floor.", "the luggage is full of clothes and a phone on the floor"]
["A field of cows grazing near a barn.", "A grassy field by a barn has cows in it.", "Herd of cattle in a field eating grass.", "A herd of cows grazing in a field with a barn.", "A group of cows stand and lay within a field."]
["Gray cat lying on a chair looking at the camera.", "A gray cat lying on top of a stool", "A gray cat sleeping on top of a woodenchair.", "a tired cat laying down on its bed", "A gray cat sitting on a chair looking a little sad. "]
["Looking in to a straw lined pen of cows", "A group of cows that are standing in a pen.", "A group of cows are shown inside of their pen. ", "A herd of cattle in a barn stall lined with hay.", "A couple of cows standing around in their pen."]
["A cow on a mountaintop standing in the grass.", "There is an animal walking along the hill.", "A cow stands on a grassy knoll with majestic mountains in the background.", "a cow standing on a field with mountains in the background", "A cow standing on a hill in a mountain valley."]
["A truck with beer advertisement parked by a curb", "A parked modern semi trailer truck with beer cargo", "A Blue Moon truck is parked in front of a building.", "A beer truck parked on the street in front of a building.", "A beer truck is parked on the street outside a building."]
["a vehicle got an accident and a police officer looking", "An ambulance tipped on its side in the street with the back door open", "An ambulance lies on its side in the middle of a road while a cop looks on. ", "a white and red ambulance on its side and a policeman", "An ambulance that has wrecked and rolled on its side."]
["A yellow and white cat sitting next to a book on a bed.", "An orange cat is on a quilt like bedspread.", "An orange and white cat laying on top of a blanket next to a joyce name plate.", "an orange and white cat sitting on a bed staring at the viewer", "a cat that is sitting on a bed next to a book"]
["A Siamese cat sitting on a bed it's reflection in a mirror.", "A cat laying on a white bedspread reflected in a mirror.", "The mirror reflection of a cat lying on a bed. ", "a black and gray cat is laying on a bed and a mirror", "A cat is seen in a mirror as it lays on a bed near a dresser."]
["The mirror is reflecting a dog on the bed.", "A reflection of a cat laying on a bed.", "A cat on a bed visible in the reflection of a mirror on a dresser.", "A dresser has a chest, magazines and mirror on it", "The mirror catches a glimpse of the reclining cat."]
["Two favorite kitty activities are sleeping and perusing the outdoors from a windowsill.", "One cat is sitting on the windowsill next to a fan.", "A cat sitting in window sill next to a cat sleeping on a bed.", "A cat sleeps on a blanket while another cat peers out a window. ", "A orange tabby cat sitting on a room pass thru while a black cat sleeps on a couch."]
["a red truck is parked in a lot", "A red pickup truck with a large hood scoop.", "A red truck parked in a parking lot.", "a car parked in a lot near many other cars ", "A modified Chevrolet S-10 pickup at a car show with people passing by and looking."]
["an image of a cat looking out the window", "A little white kitten looking out of a broken window in a vacant house.", "A white kitten looks out the window of a door. ", "The white cat is looking out the window.", "A kitten looks over a window sill at the camera"]
["An overhead view of a city street has an empty lot below.", "A high angle shot shows a construction site with trucks.", "An aerial view of construction on multiple sites.", "A rooftop view of a street with several large trucks on it.", "THE VIEW OF A STREET FROM THE TOP OF THE BUILDING."]
["Three cats that are sitting in a window.", "Animals that are on top of a window ledge", "Three cats on the edge of a window.", "Three cats sticking their heads out of a window.", "Three kittens leaning out of a hole in a dilapidated window"]
["a truck and other cars under a bridge", "A large truck driving onto a highway towards a bridge.", "A large truck near the yielding entrance to a highway.", "Several trucks are entering the highway via an on ramp.", "The trucks are driving on the highway to make their deliveries."]
["A green semi truck driving down a narrow street.", "A blue tow truck is driving down the street.", "A long blue truck on a road next to a green grassy strip.", "an image of a truck driving down the street  on the road", "a truck that transports cars on the back"]
["A truck that is sitting in the road.", "A truck driving down a street next to a forest.", "A large tow truck drives down the street.", "A large flatbed truck drives on the street.", "A large truck driving down the road near the grass."]
["A bunch of vehicles that are in the street.", "trucks driving on a highway near a car ", "a couple of trucks are on a road", "The trucks are in heavy traffic on the street.", "The car in in between two large trucks on the road."]
["Two cows are grazing on a grassy area near a pagoda.", "Two cows grazing near a path leading to a very old structure.", "Two cows grazing on grass with ancient ruins in the background.", "two animals in a field next to some trees", "Cows are grazing in a field with a path."]
["The dog is swimming in the lake on a sunny day.", "A boat docked on the beach and a dog running through the water.", "There is no image here to provide a caption for.", "The dog is going into the water from the beach. ", "A black and white dog walking across a body of water."]
["a couple of dogs that are sitting in a boat", "A view of a person and their two dogs in a boat in a lake.", "There are some big dogs in the boat with the man.", "Two dogs sit with their owner on a boat.", "two black dogs standing on a boat with a guy"]
["a photo of a stampede of cows in the street", "Cowboys on horses herding cattle down a blacktopped road.", "A couple of ranchers herding cattle down a country road.", "A herd of cattle being herded by cowboys.", "People on horses are herding cows down a street."]
["a bunch of cows under a tree on a field ", "A group of cattle are gathered under a shade tree.", "A group of cows in the shade under some trees.", "Cattle enjoy relaxing in the shade of a tree.", "The two larger cows are watching over the smaller cows outside. "]
["A brown cow standing on a field with long horns.", "A cow standing in a field with other cows.", "a tagged cow with a bell around its neck", "a cow is standing in a grassy field", "A bull with a bell around its neck in a field."]
["A cat and a kitten laying on a bed next to a laptop.", "A big soft kitty on top of a bed next to a laptop computer.", "A CAT SLEEPING ON THE BED WITH A LAPTOP KEPT BESIDES IT.", "cats laying down on a couch next to a laptop", "A cat laying on a bed next to a laptop."]
["A man lays on his bed with two cats and a laptop.", "a person laying on a bed with a laptop and a cat", "Man lying on bed next to laptop with cats in bedroom.", "A man laying on top of a bed with two cats and a laptop.", "A man lying his head on his laptop while two cats surround him. "]
["Many cows laying down in a dirt parking lot.", "This is a yard with several cows and cows", "a number of cows laying in a lot near cars", "some brown and white oxen laying in some dirt and cars", "A group of cows laying in a dirt parking area."]
["A cat lies asleep on top of a remote control.", "CAT IN A CHAIR SLEEPING ON TOP OF A REMOTE", "A cat leans on the remote control for a nap.", "A cat laying down with its head on a remote control.", "A cat is sleeping with it's head on a remote control."]
["A man who is wearing a tie that is too small for him.", "An oversized man wearing glasses and a tie.", "A man with a tie, glasses and a button down shirt on.", "A man with glasses is wearing a white shirt and tie.", "a chubby man making a silly face for the camera "]
["A herd of black cattle standing next to each other.", "A group of cows behind a metal wire fence.", "A herd of black cows all standing together at the fence. ", "several cows with ear tags standing in front of a fence", "A herd of cattle standing by a fence in a field."]
["Woman in white wedding dress, and guy in suit and tie pose for camera", "A bride in a wedding dress poses with her newlywed husband. ", " a man and a woman have gotten married ", "A couple stand together in wedding attire outside.", "A bride and groom posing for a picture."]
["A small gray elephant standing on a grass covered field.", "Baby elephant standing in the grass beside a truck.", "two elephants and one is a baby and a side view mirror", "A young elephant came near a stopped vehicle.", "A young elephant is in the grass next to a vehicle."]
["BEAUTIFUL CANAL WITH BRICK BRICK WALLS AND  CASTLE LIKE BUILDING IN BACKGROUND", "A tour boat is docked along the bank of a river in France. ", "The very long white boat is docked at a river tourist stop.", "Boat docked at pier near scenic building on cloudy day.", "Two white boats on dock next to large tan building."]
["a person wearing a a shirt and tie ", "A boy scout is raising his arm to take an oath. ", "A scout wearing his sash and badges. ", "Young adult scout member displaying hand sign wearing sash with badges.", "A man wearing a boy scout uniform while throwing up a gang sign."]
["A man wearing a stripped shirt with a stripped tie.", "Hands fixing a tie next to a button depicting a lion.", "A man wearing a ring is tying his tie.", "A man adjusting his tie and wearing a ring.", "A man adjusts his tie with a sticker on his shirt."]
["The man is wearing a hat and tie of a man wearing a hat.", "a man wearing a hat and glasses with a tie on featuring a man with a hat and glasses", "A man wearing a neck tie and a white shirt.", "A man wears a necktie with a picture of a man that resembles himself.", "The man is posing for a picture with a tie, sunglasses, and a hat on."]
["A couple in their wedding attire posing for the camera", "A couple of people standing together in a room.", "A bride and a groom stand next to each other smiling.", "A wedding picture of a bride and groom.", "The bride and groom are smiling as they pose together."]
["A marina full of boats nearby a seaside town", "Boats are lined up in a harbor at night.", "Small boats moored on a river near a city. ", "There are many boats lined up in the harbor.", "A marina at night has several boats docked in it."]
["Two men and a woman posing for a picture.", "Two men in hat and a woman in a white dress stand in a wooded area.", "Three individuals, two wearing hats, smiling at the camera.", "Three people are dressed up and posing for a photo.", "A woman and two men posing for a picture."]
["A man holding up his left hand while pointing to the sky.", "A man dressed in a suit holding his arm up and pointing his finger.", "A professional looking man in a suit raises his hand.", "A picture of man with a suit on and his finger pointing up. ", "a man in a suit and tie holding his left arm up"]
["A man wearing a shirt and tie with long hair.", "Black and white photo of patterned neck tie being worn", "This is a black and white photo of a man wearing a tie.", "Man in a suit and dress shirt standing still. ", "man wearing denim shirt and tie with spots"]
["Man wearing suit with sign surrounded by people. ", "A man who is holding a sign up about the occupy movement. ", "A guy is holding a sign for Hella Occupy Oakland and there is another guy sitting close by.", "People sitting on the sidewalk and one has a sign.", "a bunch of people sitting down in a park"]
["Some women who are walking while holding red umbrellas.", "Three people with umbrellas walking in the rain.", "A group of people walking across a bridge in the rain.", "Three people are walking in the rain carrying umbrellas. ", "a group of people walk through a rain storm"]
["A news caster sitting in front of a screen.", "Two people on a screen with captioned text.", "Closed captioning of a television program showing on a tv screen.", "A man in a dark suit stands at a counter while another man holding a red folder and wears glasses stands next to him.", "A photo taken of the television during a newscast."]
["A woman with a umbrella on a city street.", "A woman is crossing the street holding an umbrella.", "A woman crossing the street with an umbrella.", "A woman is holding an umbrella over her head as she walks across the street.", "A black and white photo of a woman walking down a street carrying an umbrella."]
["People out on a city street in the rain, many with umbrellas.", "A crowd of different people walking on a street in the rain.", "Many people walk on the street carrying umbrellas on a stormy day.", "A bunch of people walking in the rain with umbrellas.", "Several people walking on sidewalks with umbrella's in the rain."]
["two people walking on a side walk sharing an umbrella", "A man and woman walking huddled under an umbrella.", "Two people walking under an umbrella on a street near some benches and a motorcycle.", "The couple is walking in the rain with their umbrella up. ", "Two people snuggled together under and umbrella waling down a street."]
["A couple of elephants walking across a river.", "Two elephants walk along the bank of a river.", "Two elephants standing in water surrounded by trees.", "Two elephants wading in a river surrounded by vegetation.", "two elephants are in some water and there are green bushes "]
["A person in a suit is crossing the street.", "A man wearing a suit and a loosened tie crossing the street with several other people.", "A man dressed in a suit walking with a crowd of people .", "A man in a suit and tie with his hand clasped among a group of people.", "A man in suit and tie walking with a group of people on the street."]
["A man walking a dog down a road while holding an umbrella.", "a  man stands holding an umbrella in one hand and his dogs leash in another ", "A man walking a dog, while holding an umbrella", "Man with umbrella walking dog on roadside near businesses.", "A person a street with a dog and a umbrella."]
["A white boat on water with seagulls and umbrella in the foreground.", "A group of people ride a boat in the ocean and birds fly nearby.", "A small boat is speeding through the ocean water.", "A boat that is driving in the ocean.", "A boat on the water riding past seagulls."]
["Two Lego figures with the ghost holding an umbrella for Darth Vader", "Three different toy figures setup tolook like they are walking in snow.", "The ghost is holding a cocktail umbrella over the villain. ", "some toys are walking under a toy umbrella", "some plastic toys and a red umbrella a ghost Darth Vader and a bear"]
["Many boats are docked at the harbor of a large city.", "A harbor with many boats docked in it.", "A harbor with boats next to pier with people.", "The harbor is filled with various boats, but not many people.", "A boardwalk near a waterway at a boat dock."]
["The elephant has a large white spot on its abdomen.", "a close up of an elephant walking near trees", "The elephant is standing alone outside by the trees. ", "An elephant is walking towards a tree in a park.", "The large adult elephant is walking near bare, trimmed trees."]
["Two boats resting ashore on a wide river.", "Two boats sit on the coast of a long, wide river.", "Aerial view of empty boats in the river", "Two boats are on the shore of some green water.", "Two small boats on green, possibly algae invested water way."]
["A man wearing a white shirt and a flowery tie.", "Chest only view of person wearing floral pink and purple neck tie on yellow shirt with dark lanyard, possibly for access or ID card.", "Close up of a white collared shirt, pink and purple tie, and black lanyard.", "A brightly colored purple and pink floral tie.", "A man wearing a purple die and work shirt\n"]
["There is a close up photo of an elephants face wearing a garment", "A close-up of the face of an elephant wearing a garment.", "an elephant is wearing a red and yellow head cover", "A large brown elephant wearing a red head dress.", "An elephant is adorned with a head scarf."]
["Three people walking down a sidewalk while holding umbrellas.", "Three people walking down the sidewalk with umbrellas.", "Three people walking with umbrellas in the rain.", "Three men walking in the rain with umbrellas.", "Three people walk down the street with their umbrellas protecting them from the rain."]
["A man wearing a black jacket next to a brick wall.", "a man is smiling in a suit and tie", "Man in suit and tie standing next to bricked building and waterway.", "a male in a black suit jacket and a tie", "A man that is wearing glasses with a tie."]
["A man and a young boy dressed in matching white dress shirts and ties.", "A man and his toddler son in matching neckties", "The man smiles while holding a small boy.", "A smiling well dressed man holding a small cute kid.", "Dad poses for picture with his little boy while they're both wearing dressed shirt and ties."]
["Man standing on a stage in front of a microphone.", "a man with an orange tie talking on a microphone", "A man in an orange tie speaks to a crowd.", "A man dressed in business attire speaking into a microphone.", "Man talking from a stage set with drums and a keyboard"]
["A group of boats parked on the dock. ", "Several boats in the water near a huge cruise ship. ", "A cruise ship docked in a busy port.", "A very big pretty cruise  ship docked by some smaller boats.", "Many small vessels in front of a large yacht."]
["A boat traverses the ocean in the midst of fog.", "A large boat floating in the water in the fog.", "A boat on the water in very foggy weather ", "Two boats floating in the water with a lot of fog.", "A fishing boat floating on the water surrounded by fog."]
["A young child wearing a paper yellow tie.", "A boy with a paper tie sitting in a chair.", "A young person is wearing a yellow tie that he made from construction paper and colored it with crayons.", " A small child is looking away and wearing a paper collar and tie.", "A little boy is wearing a yellow paper tie."]
["A child wearing an orange tie holding a paintbrush. ", "A kid is using orange paint on a plate.", "A child painting a plate with other kids in the background.", "A young male child painting with orange paint.", "The young boy is enjoying painting at the table."]
["Several tables with chairs and umbrellas with people sitting at some of them.", "People sitting at tables together inside of a cafe-style restaurant that is colored in pinks and greens.", "Patrons have a meal in an elegant restaurant.", "Diners sit and talk in brightly colored chairs underneath umbrellas.", "A restaurant filled with umbrella covered tables and people sharing meals."]
["A man with a drink and novelty tie sits on the grass.", "A man smiles as he drinks a beer.", "A terribly dressed an is drinking beer on the ground. ", "A young man drinks a beverage while sitting in the park.", "The man sits in the grass smiling while holding a beer."]
["A woman holding an umbrella while crossing the street.", "A person holds an umbrella in their hands.", "A woman walks down the street holding an umbrella.", "A woman is standing under a floral umbrella.", "A woman holds a flower print umbrella over her head."]
["a group of people with umbrellas walk on a side walk ", "a number of people walking on a city street holding umbrellas", "People are walking on a rainy street with umbrellas.", "A city street with traffic and pedestrians holding umbrellas. ", "People walking in the rain in a busy city."]
["Two men sitting at a table, one with a bottle in his hand and the other has a bow tie on. ", "Two well dressed men sitting at a table making a speech. ", "Two men sitting in around a table, one with a bottle in his hand.", "Two men sit at a dining table together with people in the background. ", "A couple of men sitting next to each other at a table."]
["A peed boat with a cover on a river", "A boat filled with passengers speeding across a lake.", "A boat is skimming across a body of water. ", "A old speed boat goes down a river", "There is a passenger boat in the water"]
["A woman holding a black umbrella as she stands behind a car.", "A woman is closing an umbrella by her car.", "woman holding a black umbrella beside a car", "A woman holding an umbrella while opening the trunk of a car.", "A woman holds an umbrella while holding open the trunk of a car. "]
["The two elephants walk next to each other in the wilderness.", "two elephants are in a field together eating", "Two elephants walking together through a field with high grass.", "Two elephants roaming around in tall green grass.", "Two elephants, with tusks, in a grassy field."]
["A man walking next to a bench holding a colorful umbrella.", "A person that is standing with an umbrella.", "a person that has a umbrella in his hand", "Person walking in a park next to a lake with a colorful umbrella. ", "A person carrying an umbrella walking on a path next to water."]
["A person with two dogs, and another with an umbrella, walking down a road in a park.", "A man is taking a walk with two dogs.", "A man holding a black umbrella walks near a man who has two dogs on leashes down a park path.", "A park pathway with a man and two dogs and another man holding an umbrella.", "a man walks two dogs and a person holds an umbrella while walking through the park"]
["A cat walking past a potted plant on cement tiles.", "a brown white and orange cat and a potted plant", "a cat standing in front of a small potted plant", "A cat preparing to run on a stone walkway near a potted plant.", "A cat perched by a planter on the tile floor."]
["A small elephant standing next to a white bird.", "A baby elephant looking at a white duck. ", "A baby elephant looking at a small white bird on the ground", "A baby elephant looking at a bird in the wilderness.", "A cute baby elephant looking at a white bird."]
["Two elephants walk in the grass together by trees.", "There is a baby elephant and a adult elephant walking togehter", "A baby elephant walks alongside an older elephant.", "A baby elephant walking along side its mother", "A baby elephant following its parent through a field."]
["A man in a blue shirt with a red beard, laughing. ", "Happy man in a suit with bright blue suit and fun tie.", "A man with a beard wearing a jacket and tie.", "The bearded man smiles in his suit and tie.", "A man with a beard smiling at the camera"]
["A pier stands in the ocean while people wade in the water.", "two people in a body of water near a pier ", "There are some chairs under an umbrella at the beach\n", "A large pier and sunbathers on the ocean", "A beach covered in lots of people standing around a beach."]
["Baggage handlers are an airport loading luggage onto a plane.", "Three airport workers loading luggage onto the truck.", "Luggage handlers unloading many suitcases at an airport.", "Airport baggage handlers loading luggage into a cart.", "three young men are piling luggage into a storage container"]
["Many objects, such as a shirt and shoes are in the briefcase. ", "A box of old sports paraphernalia, including a jersey and shoes.", "a suitcase filled with shoes, a shirt and a bike part ", "A box holding a bicycle crank with a pair of shoes and a Jersey. ", "A suitcase with sneakers, a sports jersey and a metal object."]
["A small dog sitting inside of a piece of luggage.", "A dog sitting in an open suitcase looking at the camera", "A cute little dog is sitting in a suitcase.", "a close up of a dog inside of an opened lugggage bag", "A little dog that is inside of a suitcase."]
["An elephant walking on a dry flat land.", "A large elephant walking through a lush green field.", "A brown elephant is walking through scrubby bushes.", "a brown elephant is walking through a desert alone", "A large elephant standing in a field of grass and shrubs. "]
["A woman underneath a umbrella on a street.", "two people standing and sitting behind a market stand", "A woman stands under a shade in an Asian market next to a woman sitting.", "A woman standing and woman sitting surrounded by piles of leafy green things.", "A woman standing in the middle of a farmer marked."]
["Man riding on an elephant with a seat on its back.", "A man sits on top of an elephant as other elephants mill around in the background.", "A man sitting on a large gray elephant.", "an elephant with a person sitting on its head", "An elephant standing in the dirt with a man on its back."]
["A place where many elephants are available for ride.", "A group of men riding on the backs of small elephants.", "A group of elephants with men in blue uniforms on them.", "A group of men riding elephants show off for a crowd", "Large group of elephants with men dressed in blue riding them."]
["some people standing in front of a building with some suitcases ", "A group of women who are standing by their luggage.", "Several people with luggage stand around a small kiosk.", "a group of people standing near many luggage bags ", "A group of people standing with their luggage by the curb."]
["A woman lugging a bag of luggage down an alley behind her.", "A woman pulling her suitcase on the sidewalk along a brick paved street ", "a man with a back up and a bag pulling it", "a woman walking down a brick sidewalk pulling a suitcase", "A shadowed person is in an alley with a suitcase."]
["The Hogwarts Express is ready for the luggage", "a close up of a pile of luggage near a train ", "A pile of luggage set next to a train.", "A red train engine sitting at the entrance of a tunnel.", "Suitcases stacked next to a train car entering a tunnel. "]
["Train platform with people on it waiting for their train under a clock", "A picture of a train station with luggage on a trolley.", "Many old luggage suitcases are stacked against a brick wall.", "train station with a luggage cart and people waiting", "An train platform with a few people and a couple carts of luggage. "]
["Clothes piled in to a suitcase on a bed", "An open suitcase is packed full of clothes.", "An animal sitting on clothes in a suitcase. ", "A gerbel is sitting on packed clothes in a suitcase.", "A small rodent is seen amongst clothing in a suitcase."]
["A baby wears sunglasses and plays with a pink suitcase.", "She's got her sunglasses on and is carrying her luggage to the beach.", "A girl with sunglasses on holding a lunch box.", "A little girl looking Hollywood holding a pink bag.", "A baby wears sunglasses and holds a pink suitcase."]
["A pile of garbage sitting next to a trash can.", "A trash can fill of umbrellas on the street.", "A bunch of trash setting next to a trash can .", "There are broken umbrellas outside next to a garbage can.", "Umbrellas in the trash and on the ground on a wet sidewalk."]
["Protesters carrying pink parasols and signs in front of a wrought-iron gate.", "A group of people with signs near a fence", "A group of people with pink umbrellas holding a demonstration ", "A group of political people are holding up pink signs.", "Several people holding umbrellas and wearing hats during a demonstration."]
["A dog and a horse standing near each other.", "Three animals are standing near a body of water.", "a couple of horses and a dog stand next to a stream", "this is a horse and a dog by the water", "Two horses on a hillside with a Beagle dog."]
["A toy action figure holding a plastic mini teddy bear and a cocktail glass decoration on the snow.", "a brown teddy bear and a white robot with a blue umbrella", "An action figure with a teddy bear is posed in the snow with a drink umbrella in its hand.", "A Lego storm trooper, hold a toy teddy bear and umbrella.", "A toy robot is holding a bear and an umbrella."]
["A trash can covered in an umbrella between two roads.", "A umbrella left on side of the street.", "An umbrella has flown to the trash can in the wind. ", "A black umbrella sits open in a barrel along a roadside.", "A useful umbrella by the roadside has lost it's owner."]
["A grown and white dog on floor next to person's shoes.", "A dog laying on the floor next to a persons legs.", "a little dog laying under the table at someones feet", "A small dog laying next to a person wearing sneakers", "A wooden floor with a dog laying down next to a persons feet and next to a computer wire."]
["Many people are out and having some fun. ", "A man and girl with umbrellas next to green wall.", "Some people are gathered near a green wall.", "A woman and child holding umbrellas stand near a fountain as others look on.", "An adult and a child holding umbrellas in a park."]
["A young boy wearing a colorful umbrella hat.", "a close up of a child wearing an umbrella hat ", "A boy that has an umbrella hat on his head.", "A boy stands wearing a multicolored umbrella hat.", "A boy is shown with an umbrella on his head."]
["An woman pulls a suitcase while another watches.", "A woman is snarling as she plays with someone off camera.", "The woman grimaces in front of another girl who looks surprised.", "Two women stand on a concrete sidewalk holding something.", "A woman holding an object with a handle with a fierce look."]
["the dog has a green frisbee behind it's head", "A dog with a frisbee wrapped around its head.", "The dog is playing with his toy Frisbee outside. ", "A dog holding a frisbee in his mouth on top of grass.", "A white dog playing with a green frisbee."]
["a toy holding a paper umbrella on a tight rope.", "A person in a storm trooper outfit carrying an umbrella balancing on a board.", "A Star Trooper balances on a beam with an umbrella in hand.", "A white action figure holding a cocktail umbrella.", "A robot with an umbrella walking on a straight line."]
["a child is fitting inside a small suitcase ", "A young boy sitting in the middle of a suitcase", "A little boy sitting inside of a suitcase buckling himself in.", "A young boy sitting inside of a piece of luggage on a table.", "A young boy secures himself in a suitcase."]
["Someone is stuffed in the black suitcase on the floor", "There is a hand sticking out of the suit case. ", "a blakc suitcase is sitting on a rug", "A suitcase that is laying on the floor.", "We see a small hand sticking out of a large black case."]
["A luggage cart with a pile of luggage sitting on top of it.", "a luggage cart is extremely overburdened by its load", "A trolley with luggage stacked on it to the ceiling. ", "Several dozen suitcases are stacked upon a hand cart.", "A statue of a baggage cart and multiple bags in an airport."]
["Two people behind umbrellas stand facing a body of water.", "2 people with umbrellas are observing the storm clouds over the lake. ", "two people holding opened umbrellas near a body of water", "Two people with umbrellas stand at the fence looking over the water.", "Two people with umberellas standing on the river path."]
["A woman talks on her cell phone on the busy sidewalk.", "People with umbrellas over their head and another on the phone.", "A women who is on her cell phone outside.", "A woman talking on her phone in the rain", "A woman standing on a crowded sidewalk talking on a cell phone."]
["A bear walking across a rural road in front of a crowd of people.", "A bear that is standing in the middle of the street.", "A bear crossing a road as people take pictures of it.", "A bear walking in front of a bunch of people.", "People watch and take photos of a bear walking across a trail. "]
["A series of collectible items are sitting on display.", "Many wooden shelves filled with many various items.", "A small showcase of an assortment of funny and cute items.", "A wall shelf filled with different kinds of figurines. ", "Several figurines and an empty bottle on a dusty shelf."]
["A woman with blonde hair holding an open umbrella.", "Woman in purple jacket holding a white and blue umbrella.", "a close up of a person holding an open umbrella", "A woman holding an umbrella over her head with other people nearby.", "Women holding umbrella, staring away from the camera shot. "]
["Stormtrooper figurines sit on the ground near a fence. ", "Action figures are positioned to resemble a real life event.", "A lego toy set replicates real life figures.", "Star Wars toys are posed with a skateboard and umbrella.", "A Star Wars scene with toy figures with skateboard and umbrella."]
["a person walking down a street while holding an umbrella ", "Two people talking on a busy street while one holds a Marilyn Monroe umbrella. ", "Woman holding an umbrella in a crowd of people.", "The umbrella has panels that are alternatively clear and black with an image of Marilyn Monroe.", "A woman walking down a street holding a marilyn monroe umbrella."]
["A kid bikes with his bag attached to the back.", "A boy riding his bike pulling a luggage behind him.", "A little boy is pulling a suitcase with a bicycle.", "A boy riding a bike with a suitcase attached", "A young boy riding a bike pulling a orange piece of luggage behind him."]
["a cake made with diapers for a baby shower", "a large white cake is sitting on a table", "A cake decorated with a blue ribbon sits in the middle of treats on a table.", "Rolled up napkins are arranged like a cake for a baby boy baby shower. ", "A diaper cake with a big bow and a bear on top of it."]
["An open area with numerous bags and moving trucks.", "THERE AERE A LOT OF DUFFLE BAGS ALL ON THE GROUND ", "lots of suitcases and duffel bags sitting on a large lot in front of trucks", "Bags are covering the pavement near the moving trucks.", "Several pieces of luggage and bags near moving trucks. "]
["a umbrella that has some candles around it", "There is a tiny cocktail umbrella in front of the candles.", "Tiny novelty parasol located near some lit candles.", "a little umbrella sitting on a cake next to some candles", "A small paper umbrella sitting near candles that are lit."]
["A woman walking down train tracks holding an umbrella.", "Girl walking along train tracks with umbrella and smiling", "A woman walking on railroad tracks holding an umbrella.", "A woman is on railroad tracks with an umbrella.", "A girl wearing white shorts walks across train tracks while holding an umbrella above herself"]
["A stuffed animal has been placed inside of blankets.", "a close up of a teddy bear laying in blankets", "A brown teddy bear stuffed between a red, white and orange sheet.", "A tattered brown teddy bear tucked into a blanket.", "A teddy bear sits on top of the blanket."]
["A child is pushing a loaded luggage cart.", "A boy riding the back of a moving luggage cart.", "a child pushing a cart bag towards someone", "A child playing on a shopping cart in a store.", "A child helping to push a loaded luggage cart."]
["A PICTURE OF A WORKER PUSHING LUGGAGE ", "A guy grabbing some luggage off a luggage carousel at an airport.", "A man getting luggage from the luggage bin at the airport.", "A luggage handler at the airport is picking up a suitcase.", "there is a airport worker that is getting the luggage"]
["A large red bag on the ground in a room.", "Three luggage bags are next to a taped box.", "Several pieces of luggage on carpet in front of a fireplace.", "A bunch of luggage sitting on the ground.", "a red bag is on the floor in a room"]
["Two people having a conversation while holding red umbrellas.", "Two people with red umbrellas talk outside a domed building.", "People are standing outside an old building with red umbrellas. ", "People on sidewalk with umbrellas in front of a building.", "two people holding umbrellas in front of a building"]
["a large group of bags that are on a convorbelt", "The luggage area at the Virgin American airport.", "a bunch of bags are piled up on a belt", "A close up of the luggage claim at an airport with many suitcases.", "A bunch of luggage that are on a conveyor belt."]
["A large black bear walks through the green terrain.", "A large brown bear walking through a lush green forest.", "A bear walking through high grass in the woods.", "A bear and a bear cub walking through a forest area.", "A bear  that is in the grass in the wild."]
["Two animals are walking through the tall grass of the woods.", "Two small black bears walking through a grassy area.", "Adult bear and cub in grassy area in forest.", "A small coyote is seen in the back of some tall grass. ", "A couple of animals walking through the grass in a forest."]
["A woman riding a white horse around a barrel.", "A woman riding on the back of a white horse in a  field.", "A woman rides a horse quickly around barrels.", "a lady riding a horse around a red barrel", "A woman is riding a horse around a red can"]
["Dogs in a field with green grass during the day.", "A group of black and brown dogs playing a game of frisbee.", "The black dog in the middle of a group of dogs carries a disk in his mouth.", "A group of large dogs playing in the grass.", "Several dogs are outside in a fenced area."]
["A dog in a red shirt holding a red frisbee in its mouth. ", "A cute dog with a vest has a frisbee in his mouth.", "A small brown dog standing on top of a grass covered field.", "A small dog wearing a red sweater has a frisbee in his mouth.", "A dog standing in the grass with a frisbee in its mouth."]
["A brown dog walking across a grass covered field.", "A brown dog with red vest carrying a frisbee in grassy field.", "A dog carrying a frisbee in a field.", "A dog that is walking in the grass and holding something in it's mouth.", "Two people and a dog are walking in a field."]
["A black bear in a grassy and flowery field.", "A bar walks through a field of grass and wild flowers. ", "A bear walking in a field near trees.", "an image of a bear that is walking up a hill", "A bear walks through a field with grass and flowers."]
["two bears touching noses standing on rocks ", "two bears butting heads while sitting on rocks.", "Two bears nuzzle each other on top of some rocks", "Two bears kiss each other on the nose.", "two bears giving each other a nose kiss"]
["The dog is hanging out of the window.", "In a cars rear view mirror a dag and man can be seen.", "a man inside of a car holding a dog out of the window ", "The driver holds the small dog out the car window while taking a reflective photo in the side mirror.", "Person takes a picture through the side mirror reflection of them holding a small dog."]
["A small white dog hanging its head out the side of a window.", "A dog's reflection can be seen in a rear view mirror.", "A dogs reflection in a car door mirror.", "The image of a white dog hanging its head outside a car window reflected in a side mirror.", "A car whose rear view mirror showing reflection of a dog. "]
["A girl standing in the grass with no shoes on with a frisbee in one hand and her other hand on her hip. ", "a little girl that has a frizbee in hand", "A young girl outside holding a blue frisbee.", "A girl is standing on the grass with a frisbee.", "A CHILD IS POSING FOR A PICTURE WITH HER FRISBE"]
["Two boys are midair playing frisbee on the grass.", "two men jump for a thrown frisbee in a park", "Two people in a field jumping in the air for a frisbee.", "Two young men playing frisbee in a park.", "Two young men playing a game of Frisbee on a lush green field."]
["a trio of men playing with a frisbee on an open field", "A group of men playing a game of frisbee.", "three guys chasing after a frisbee to catch it.", "A couple of guying chasing after a Frisbee.", "Players from opposing teams reach for a flying frisbee."]
["A boy is soaking wet yet still jumping high for a frisbee catch.", "A person jumping up and catching a frisbee.", "A person in the air catching a frisbee.", "A Frisbee player catching a Frisbee on a field.", "A young person jumping to catch a frisbee"]
["A man holding a frisbee in one hand and some balls in another.", "A man is smiling while holding a frisbee.", "A man with a white t-shirt on with a frisbee in his hand. ", "A man holding a frisbee with a tee shirt on", "A Young teenage boy holds up a white decorative plate."]
["A dog is walking thru the woods with a yellow frisbee in mouth", "The dog is carrying a frisbie in its mouth.", "A dog with a yellow frisbee in his mouth is playing outside.", "A dog is carrying a frisbee near a lake.", "A dog walks with a Frisbee near the water."]
["A black dog laying on top of a puddle of mud.", "A dog laying in the mud in front of a fence.", "A dog sitting in a wet puddle inside a fence.", "A large doge sitting in the mud outside.", "A dog that is laying down in the mud."]
["some zebras standing by a wall and looking at the people on the other side ", "A group of zebras are standing near a fence near people.", "A herd of zebra standing next to each other on a dirt ground.", "a couple of zebras are standing in a pin", "Group of people standing around a group of zebras any zoo. "]
["A herd of zebra standing on a lush green field.", "A group of zebras grazing in their enclosure", "a zebra eating grass alone in a fenced off area", "Here is a group of zebras eating grass.", "Herd of zebra grazing in a field with trees and fence in the background."]
["A dog going to the bathroom in the park.", "a dog taking a dump in a grassy field ", "A dog is hunched over on the green grass.", "A dog is taking a pop on the grass", "A dog in a field and a man in the background."]
["A man in a field ducking from a frisbee", "A man standing behind a white frisbee on a lush green field.", "A group of people plays frisbee golf in a grassy field.", "a man wearing a backpack looking at a frisbee in front of him ", "an image of a group of people in the woods playing with frisbee"]
["A person in shorts and no shirt running in the sand", "A the lower half of a man catching a Frisbee.", "A man is catching a white Frisbee on the beach.", "A man running to catch a Frisbee at the beach.", "MAN IN SWIMMING TRUNKS RUNNING IN THE SAND."]
["two feet and a white dog carrying a frisbee", "A dog with a frisbee in its mouth with a leash attached to it.", "A small white dog playing with a frisbee. ", "A dog in field holding a frisbee in its mouth", "a small dog with a frisbee in its mouth"]
["A girl is throwing a Frisbee near some tents at a campground.", "A brunette in a tank top and jeans reaching out to catch a frisbee.", "lady plays catch while camping in the sun", "A woman catching a red Frisbee while standing on a dirt road.", "A woman about to catch a Frisbee at a camp ground."]
["a zebra that is standing around in a field", "Zebra walking in the field with other animals behind it. ", "A zebra and a buffalo on a field in the wild. ", "a zebra is featured standing on grass with hills in the background ", "a large zebra walsk across a big wide savannah"]
["A couple of zebra standing next to each other.", "A black and white photo of Zebra eating some hay. ", "A group of zebras up close to a camera grazing.", "Close up of a Zebra's head, in the background another Zebra can be seen grazing.", "Two zebra standing next to each other on a field."]
["A zebra walking through a field of tall grass", "A zebra running down an open field, with deer in the background.", "A pregnant zebra walking through the tall grass.", "The zebra is standing in the field with the other animals in the background.", "A zebra walking across a lush green field."]
["Zebra roaming through the grass with others in the distance", "a group of zebras in a grassy and forested area", "A field with tall grass, bushes and trees, that has zebra standing in the field.", "There are some zebras standing in a grassy field", "Many zebra are walking near each other through tall grass."]
["some zebras are standing on a green hill and rocks", "Zebras grazing on a grassy and rocky slope.", "a close up of three zebras on a field with trees in the background", "Three large black and white zebras are grazing in a field. ", "there are three zebras standing together in the wild"]
["a zebra and some other animals on a trail", "Three animals walking down a path that has trees on both sides.", "Two gazelles and a zebra travel a dirt path ", "A zebra walking in front of a couple of deer down a dirt road.", "Some animals walking down the desert dry road. "]
["Two young women digging in to a tin pan of food in a barn", "A teenage girl holding a food dish while a little girl scoops it. ", "The girls are getting the feed ready for the animals.", "Two girls showing off something in a pan.", "Two youths with an aluminum tray of food."]
["A couple riding on a horse drawn wagon.", "Two people sitting on the back of a horse carriage.", "two women in the drivers seat of a horse drawn carriage", "These women are fancy driving the white carriage.", "Two people riding in a horse drawn carriage."]
["A white horse drawing a carriage through a street.", "A man is driving a horse-drawn carriage down the street.", "a man driving a horse pulled carriage through town", "A man holding a whip, riding down the street in a horse and buggy.", "A man rides a horse and carriage through a busy city area"]
["A carriage with people in it being pulled by two horses in the street.", "A group of people on a horse carriage ride going down a street.", "A horse drawn carriage that is traveling down the street. ", "Woman and two men riding on a horse drawn chariot.", "two white horses are pulling some people in a cart"]
["A horse and carriage ride near a pink building and traffic signs.", "An old time buggy being pulled down the street by a horse.", "A person driving a horse drawn carriage down a street.", "Horse drawn tourist carriage, with only a driver, on a street.", "a man with a hat driving a horse and cart"]
["A herd of zebra standing next to each other on a lush green field.", "A herd of zebra standing in a grass field.", "A group of zebra in grassy field next to water buffalo.", "Zebra and wildebeest roam on a flat green plain.", "Zebras stand hurdled together in a range with other animals"]
["Horse and riders walking on a trail in the woods.", "A group of people out enjoying a trail ride on horseback.", "The people are traveling through woods  in singelfile on horseback", "A serene pathway between lush vegetation features a line of horseback riders.", "The people are riding horses threw the wooded area. "]
["a horse is standing in a green field", "two brown horses grazing in a fenced off field", "The two brown horses are eating the grass.", "Two horses are grazing in a green field.", "Two brown horses in a pasture eating grass."]
["A couple of horses grazing in a grass field.", "Two horses are grazing in the grass near a fence.", "Two horses in a grassy field next to a fence.", "A brown and white horse eating next to a white horse.", "A white and grey horse and a brown and white horse eat grass. "]
["A group of people riding horses along the beach.", "Large group of people riding horses on the beach. ", "Several people are on the beach riding their horses. ", "A group of people riding horses on a sandy wet beach.", "A group of people ride horses on the beach near the waves. "]
["A picture of a person and a horse in the street.", "A woman riding a horse and carriage down a busy city street", "A street scene with a horse pulling a carriage.", "A woman guides a hansom cab with white horse.", "A woman driving a horse drawn carriage down a street."]
["a horse and buggy that is going down a road", "A very big pretty horse pulling a cart in the street.", "A horse pulling a wagon down the middle of a street.", "Two people in a carriage with a horse pulling them travelling on a street. ", "A man in a top hat and tuxedo driving a horse and carriage down the road."]
["A man riding a brown horse at a rodeo.", "Rodeo competition with a horse rider doing a barrel race.", "A man barrel racing on a blue roan.", "A cowboy rides a horse in a rodeo. ", "A man rides a brown horse near a red and white barrel."]
["Woman throwing a rope towards horse at rodeo", "a girl in a pink top is training a horse", "a young girl with a lunge line exercising a horse.", "an image of a woman walking white horse", "WOMAN IN PINK TRAINING HORSE IN AN ENCLOSED AREA"]
["Two girls sitting on the same horse together", "Two young girls are sitting on a brown horse.", "Two very beautiful women riding a brown horse.", "The women are sitting on a horse to pose for a picture.", "a couple of women sit on top of a horse "]
["A woman riding a black horse on a lush green field.", "A girl rides a lightly galloping horse in a very green field behind a fence. ", "A woman on a horse in a field.", "A person riding a horse in a fenced in pasture.", "A woman riding a horse through a prairie."]
["A brown horse in a grassy field with trees behind.", "One horse out far in the field eating at the grass", "A horse with its head down standing in a field near some mountains.", "A horse grazing on grass in a large field.", "A horse grazes alone in a wide open field with a mountain in the distance."]
["An adorable little girl riding on the back of a brown horse.", "A girl smiles as she sits on a brown horse.", "A young girl is sitting atop a small horse.", "a close up of a child riding a horse ", "A person on a horse by some trees."]
["People sit on the curb as two large horses pull a carriage down the street.", "Two brown horses pulling a carriage as people sitting on the side of the road watch. ", "Two horses that are standing in the street.", "Two horses walking int he street while people sitting on a curb watching. ", "People sitting on a curb watch a parade and horses walking in the street."]
["A man drives a horse drawn cart down a road.", "A horse and buggy with people riding in it is going down the narrow sunlit path. ", "Three people sitting a horse drawn buggy on a country side road.", "A man driving a horse drawn carriage next to a lush green field..", "Two people riding in a chariot on a thin road."]
["A man driving a horse drawn carriage down the side of a road.", "The man is driving a horse drawn carriage down the road.", "The bicyclist has pulled far to the left as the horse and wagon passes.", "a lady on a bike and people riding a horse carriage", "The walkway is full of bicyclists and horseback riders."]
["A man riding a horse through rural country side.", "a person on a horse is riding in snowy terrain", "A man is on a path riding a horse.", "A man riding a brown and white horse through small trees.", "A man in camoflauge rides a horse through a field."]
["A horse is pulling two people in a carriage on a street.", "Several people going on a carriage ride amongst traffic.", "A donkey draws a carriage carrying two people", "A man and women are riding in a horse drawn carriage.", "A woman taking a horse and carriage ride."]
["A man with a backpack eats a banana next to a street.", "A man that is holding a banana in his mouth.", "A guy is standing on a street eating a banana.", "A man standing on the street is eating a banana.", "A banana is a healthy mid day snack."]
["Skier dressed all in white carrying his skis over his shoulder. ", "Man carrying his ski's to go back up the mountain.", "A man in a hood and sunglasses is holding something large.", "A snow skier is holding his skis on his shoulder.", "A skier carries his skis while it is snowing."]
["there are three oranges next to  a paper towel on the counter", "A group of three tangerines sitting on top of a counter.", "Three small oranges with a scalpel set and paper towel.", "Picture of three small oranges and cutting knives.", "Three oranges are lined up with an exacto knife nearby."]
["A male baseball player swinging to hit a ball.", "A baseball batter swinging at a pitch as another player runs past.", "a professional baseball player taking a swing at a pitch", "A batter at the plate hitting a baseball.", "The baseball player swings the bat at the ball"]
["Oranges, lemons, and limes sitting on a table", "a collection of lemons, limes and oranges in front of books and a mug", "Assorted fruits such as lemons, limes, and oranges.", "Lemons, limes and oranges are arranged in groups on a table.", "Lemons, limes, and oranges next to each other on a table. "]
["A baseball batter at the end of the swing.", "A man swinging a bat while playing baseball.", "A picture of a person swinging about any baseball game.", "A baseball player swinging a baseball bat on a baseball field.", "A uniformed baseball player swinging a bat at home plate.  "]
["A baseball player standing next to home plate.", "A batter is at stance, in front of the catcher and umpire, at a professional baseball game.", "A batter ready to hit the ball at a baseball game.", "Some players in action in a baseball game.", "A baseball player is getting ready to bat the ball as a catcher and umpire look on. "]
["A desk area covered with pop cans and food", "A desk with computer parts, food, and drinks covering the surface.", "A desktop with a number of things to eat and a computer.", "EATABLES AND BEVERAGES KEPT IN FRONT OF A COMPUTER.", "A desk is cluttered with cans and food."]
["A baseball player hitting a ball in a professional game.", "a baseball player swings his bat at a ball ", "A man that is standing with a baseball bat.", "A batter prepares to hit a ball in a professional baseball game. ", "A baseball pitcher throwing a pitch and a player swinging. "]
["A baseball player is swinging a bat at a ball.", "A man swinging a bat at a baseball.", "A baseball player in uniform swinging at a ball.", "A professional photo of a guy hitting a baseball.", "Signed baseball card of a batter and the umpire."]
["Baseball players are in action as a crowd watches.", "A baseball hitter batting a pitched ball with a catcher.", "Player #11 swings the bat hard at the ball.", "A baseball player currently in mid swing during a game.", "A baseball player taking a swing during a game."]
["A man swinging a bat at a baseball on a field.", "A baseball player is swinging at a ball on the field.", "The baseball player swings his bat at an approaching baseball.", "A batter at a baseball game who is swinging at a pitch. ", "The man is hitting the ball during the baseball game. "]
["A man smiling on skis in the snow.", "A man is standing on skies in the snow", "A man is smiling as he stands in the middle of the snowy forest on his skies. ", "A man on skis poses by a snowy forest.", "A man on skis in the snow posing for a photo."]
["A pair of skis in the open water.", "Two water skies sticking up off the water .", "A man falls into the sea while surfing on violent waves", "A pair of skis of a wakeboarder are splashing through the water.", "Person water skiing behind a boat with just skis showing."]
["A white plate topped with oranges, cake, chocolate and nuts.", "Bread and oranges are sitting on a white plate", "A plate with fruit and nuts and cookies.", "Dessert bread slices, nuts and oranges on a plate.", "a snack tray with fruit nuts and bread on it"]
["THERE IS A SANDWICH ON THE PLATE WITH GARNISH ", "This plate has a grilled sandwich on it and someone has a fork hovering over it.", "A plate of food with a sandwich cut in half.", "a close up of a plate of food on a table", "A sandwich with toasted bread on a plate."]
["Someone is sticking their fork into a dessert.", "a piece of chocolate cake and a scoop of ice cream", "Chocolate cake and ice cream on a plate with a fork stuck in the cake. ", "someone is eating a chocolate pie and ice cream", "A delicious chocolate dessert with a fork in it."]
["A pitcher winds up in preparation to throw a pitch.", "A pitcher winds up for the pitch at a baseball game.", "A baseball player in position to pitch a ball.", "View from behind the back of person's head and shoulders in baseball uniform on a baseball field and man in baseball uniform on mound standing sideways and looking at other man, with illuminate board with numbers behind and crowd in stands.", "a pitcher standing on the mound getting ready to throw the ball"]
["A baseball batter is swinging a bat at an incoming pitch.", "a baseball player swinging a baseball bat on a field", "A batter swings as a catcher prepares to catch a baseball.", "A batter about to strike a baseball bat at a baseball.", "A batter is up as a crowd watches the game."]
["Slice of chocolate cake with frosting and sliced strawberry.", "A PIECE OF CHOCOLATE CAKE WITH SLICED STRAWBERRIES.", "Choclate cake on a plate with strawberries as a garnish.", "chocolate cake with strawberries on a white plate. ", "A chocolate cake with strawberries on a plate"]
["A group of skiers watch as one members does a trick.", "A skier jumping in the air and doing a trick.", "A group of skiers watch their friend doing a flip.", "A person on skis does a flip in front of other skiers. ", "A blue skier doing a flip while a group of skiers watch nearby."]
["A person is performing a trick on skis.", "A man in red is jumping up with his snow board in the snow.", "A skier doing a trick in the air while others watch.", "A Skiier in mid air with arms wide open ", "a person in red is on a pair of skis"]
["There are two yellow lemons and five green lemons and also two oranges", "A picture of some lemons on a table.", "An assortment of yellow, green and orange fruit on a white counter.", "A kitchen table with citrus fruits, flowers, books, and a cup on it.", "A book, a teacup, and a vase stand behind three groups of fruit."]
["A plate of spaghetti with red sauce and broccoli. ", "very well cooked meal with a coca cola can besides", "A plate of spaghetti with tomato sauce and a garnish of broccoli.", "A plate of spaghetti and broccoli on the side. ", "A plate of spaghetti sits on a placemat."]
["A table with plates of food that have been served.", "A table with plates of different types of food on top of it.", "The table is full of food consisting of a sandwich, buffalo wings, celery and a sunny side up egg.", "A person sitting at a table covered in plates of food.", "Some dishes of food at a restaurant that is well-lit."]
["A long table of bananas is passed by runners.  ", "A large group of people and some bananas on the street.", "A bunch of runners going by a few tables with bananas", "Table with piles of bananas for marathon runners.", "There is a big table of bananas next to runners."]
["Two biscuit sandwiches sitting on a plate next to greens.", "A plate of broccoli and two English muffin sandwiches.", "The lunch consists of vegetable burgers and broccoli.", "A plate of food with greens and two english muffin sandwiches ", "a plate with sandwiches and some broccoli "]
["a pizza cut into slices on a plate", "a cheese pizza on a white plate with red green and black toppings", "a pizza sitting on a card board pizza holder ", "a cooked pizza on a white plate cut into pieces", "A pizza sitting on top of a pizza pan."]
["A bowl filled with lots of different types of vegetables.", "Broccoli, carrots, and cauliflower being stir fried in a black skilet", "Blue plate with roasted broccoli, carrots and cauliflower.", "Broccoli, cauliflower, and carrots are sauted together in a wok.", "A close up of a bowl of vegetables containing broccoli and carrots."]
["A man standing on top of a base on a field.", "THERE IS A MAN THAT IS STANDING ON A BASE ", "A player standing on a base holding his hand to his ear.", "a baseball player standing on a base ", "A baseball player stands on a base during a baseball game."]
["A baseball player pitching a ball on top of a field.", "a pitcher is throwing a ball to another person", "The pitcher in a green cap is throwing a baseball.", "This is an image of a an oakland A's pitcher.", "a pitcher tosses a pitch from the pitchers mound"]
["A baseball player swinging a bat on to of a field.", "a couple of people that are playing baseball", "A baseball player is holding a bat in the air.", "Man holding a baseball bat delivering it to a ball during the day", "A baseball player swings at a pitch while others watch."]
["A man in yellow jacket skiing on a snowy trail.", "A man skis over a snowy track of ground.", "A man is skiing through the snow past two people.", "A man skiing on a slope while people watch.", "a person riding skis on a snowy surface"]
["A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "there is a male skier that is going down a snow hill", "A skier is skiing and is about to fall in the snow.", "Cross country skier making strong push on snow field.", "a skier about to fall to his knees "]
["A man riding down the side of a snow covered slope.", "A snow skier has fallen down in the snow.", "A skier has taken a tumble through the snow.", "A skier has fallen down in the snow", "A person on some skis in the snow."]
["a person riding skis on a snowy slope", "A person in blue jacket cross country skiing by mountains.", "A person wearing a blue coat in the snow.", "A group of hikers are hiking through the snow.", "A person cross country skiing on some smooth snow"]
["A pizza is loaded with broccoli and chicken.", "A box with a vegetarian pizza with lots of greens.", "A close up of a chicken salad in a box.", "A large pizza sitting inside of a pizza box.", "This appears to pizza with some significant multiple toppings."]
["An armed person is standing in a snowy field.", "A soldier in a white arctic uniform on skiis", "A soldier dressed in white on top of skis.", "A skier wearing a heavy white coat stands in snow. ", "A skier with a lot of equipment is skiing on the snow."]
["A large truck filled with lots of green bananas.", "A truck with a huge pile of banana stalks with a political painting on it.", "A truck with a lot of flowers rides down a street.", "A very big truck loaded up with a man's picture on it.", "A truck with a back full of items that has the president and a flag painted on the back."]
["A man in white skiing in the snow.", "A soldier on skis wearing a white camo uniform.", "A picture of a person sitting down in the snow.", "A man wearing glasses on skis in the snow.", "A skier in all white standing in the snow."]
["A group of men on a field playing baseball.", "Scene at a baseball game with players in the field and people in the stands", "An outfielder walking across the field at a major baseball game.", "A baseball player walks on the baseball field.", "The man is walking on the field to play a game of baseball. "]
["A white plate with vegetables underneath sliced up meat.", "A plate filled with meat and greens on a table", "A gourmet meat dish served over a bed of vegetables.", "A plate of cooked food sits with meat and beans.", "A freshly cooked meal of meat and vegetables on a plate."]
["A group of people riding skis down the side of a snow covered mountain.", "People are seen skiing at a ski resort.", "A group of people riding skis on a foggy slope.", "several people skiing on a semi flat snowy area near mountains", "A bunch of people on skies are on a slope"]
["People skiing and standing on a ski slope.", "Multiple skiing down hill skiing in the snow.", "A group of skiers skiing down a mountain on a sunny day.", "A skiier is skiing down a bunny hill slope.", "People skiing down a mountain made of artificial snow."]
["Two people walking through the snow on skies.", "Two people with skis and ski poles are standing on snow next to trees", "Two people on skis walking through the snow.", "Two people on skis are moving on the snow.", "Two people are walking through the white snow."]
["A man holding a cart seat while standing next to a little girl.", "The man is holding a plastic sled with snow in it next to a child. ", "A man holds a snow-riding device next to a child.", "A man and boy are standing in the snow together.", "A man holding a snow sled next to a young boy in the snow."]
["There is fish and broccoli and a casserole on the plate", "a plate that has some food on it", "A meal of broccoli, fish, and what looks to be an omelette. ", "A picture of a plate of food with fish, eggs, broccoli and string beans on it. ", "Plate containing fish, green beans and other food. "]
["A young child that is wearing a helmet and red shoes.", "She tiny compared to the ski she is holding.", "Young child with board standing on pavement outside building entrance.", "A little kid standing with a helmet on and a snowboard in their hands.", "A little girl holding one ski and wearing a blue helmet. "]
["A man in black jacket cross country skiing in woods.", "This person is trying to walk in snow.", "A person cross country sking across the snow in the forest.", "A small child riding a hill on a pair of skis.", "A skier is moving through the trees of a wooded area."]
["A man riding a skateboard down a busy city street.", "a guy riding a skateboard  down a somehwat busy road", "Man dressed in black skateboarding down a street.", "a guy walking down the street bagging his pants.", "A picture of a man in black skate boarding down a city street."]
["A man riding a skateboard through the air over a ramp.", "Guy doing an air trick with his skateboard", "there is a man doing a jump on a skateboard", "A man in white shirt jumping on a  skateboard with fence in background.", "A man on a skateboard is in mid air."]
["A brown and white hamster in hand with broccoli.", "A hampster sitting on someone's hand with a piece of green leaf.", "A  very cute little rodent with some broccoli.", "A hamster is in the palm of someone's hand with broccoli.", "A small furry animal is being held next to a piece of broccoli."]
["A store display filled with lots of different types of vegetables.", "There are many different kinds of fruits an vegetables.", "Large shelf full of various fruits and vegetables.", "Several food items at a vegetable stand including apples and citrus.", "A variety of vegetables with prices are shown."]
["there is a mouse holding a piece of broccoli", "A hamster eating a piece of broccoli on the floor.", "A rodent has a piece of broccoli in its mouth.", "a rodent eating on a spear of broccoli", "A hamster is eating a piece of broccoli on the floor."]
["Mouse on a couch looking at broccoli dubiously.", "That hamster is gnawing at the broccoli on their leg.", "A hamster is nibbling on broccoli as a snack.", "A very cute rodent eating some green broccoli.", "A hamster and some broccoli on a surface."]
["A small brown hamster sleeping inside of it's cage.", "a brown white and black animal eating broccoli ", "A hamster is chewing on a piece of broccoli.", "A small hamster is chewing on a piece of broccoli. ", "A rodent in a pet house is eating broccoli."]
["A couple of clocks next to a wine glass", "A wine glass and three small clocks on a surface.", "Three different types of clocks next to a  glass filled with champagne. ", "a wine glass and three clocks all set at different times ", "There are three clocks pictured with a glass."]
["A small brown hamster eating a piece of broccoli.", "A brown and white mouse eating on broccoli.", "A small hamster eats a piece of broccoli. ", "a close up of a mouse eating broccoli", "A gerbil eating on a sprout of broccoli on the floor."]
["A DAD IS WITH HIS SON HAVING FUN", "A man is holding the hand of a child on a skateboard.", "A man holding hands with a little boy on a skateboard.", "A father and son playing at the park.", "A man and a young boy with the young boy on the skateboard."]
["A white plate topped with food next to a fork and drink.", "A healthy meal with various vegetables on a plate.", "A dinner of broccoli, green beans, tomato and mashed potatoes.", "A plate of vegetables and mashed potatoes on a place setting.", "An egg dish with tomato,green beans, and broccoli."]
["Man skiers make their way down a snowy ski hill.", "A group of people at a ski resort in the wintertime.", "Several people with skis on riding down a hill.", "A bunch of people ski on a very busy slope.", "A photo of a crowd of people skiing down a hill."]
["Young boy on blue skateboard in parking lot.", "The young boy is riding his skateboard in the empty parking lot. ", "A boy is having fun playing with his skateboard.", "A boy is in a parking lot on a skateboard.", "A child riding a skateboard in a parking lot."]
["A bowl of soup with broccoli and brown beans.", "There is a bowl of broccoli and beans in a bowl", "A bowl of soup with potatoes carrots and broccolli and beans.", "The meal is prepared and ready to be eaten,", "A bowl full of bean and broccoli soup."]
["A bowl filled with pasta, sauce and vegetables.", "A white bowl of food on a table.", "Large pasta plate with meat sauce and vegetables. ", "A very tasty looking pasta dish with some greens", "Pasta with broccoli  and sauce mixed together in a bowl."]
["A plate topped with mushrooms and broccoli covered in sesame seeds.", "A skillet of food that includes broccoli, mushrooms and sesame seeds.", "Broccoli, mushroom, and sesame seed stir-fry on a cooking surface.", "Mushrooms, broccoli, and sesame seeds in a stir-fry.", "A stir fry of mushrooms and broccoli topped with sesame seeds in a wok."]
["A man dressed in a nun outfit riding on a skateboard. ", "a man that is skateboarding down a road", "a young man dressed as a nun skateboards down the street.", "A Nun riding a skateboard down a street.", "A man wearing a costume is riding a skateboard."]
["A person that is riding a skateboard on the street.", "A nun on a skateboard on the sidewalk.", "A nun is riding a skateboard on a sidewalk in front of a large concrete building.", "guy dressed as a nun skateboards down sidewalk", "A nun riding a skateboard down a sidewalk next to parked cars."]
["A man dressed as a nun rides a skateboard on the sidewalk.", "A man in a \"nun\" costume riding a skateboard in a parking lot. ", "A person dressed like a nun riding a skateboard", "A man in a nun outfit is on a skateboard.", "a man dressed in a black gown skating on the street"]
["Eleven carrots that were cleaned on a cutting board.", "Carrots lined up on a wood cutting board with a knife.", "Carrots arranged neatly on cutting board with knife", "Many carrots are on a cutting board next to a knife. ", "A wooden cutting board topped with carrots and a knife."]
["a man does a trick on a skate board as a young kid looks on", "A man flying through the air on a skateboard.", "there is a male skateboarder that is doing a trick in the air", "A young man is skateboarding off some steps and into the air.  ", "Someone doing a trick in the air on their skate board"]
["A plate of food including bread and vegetables.", "A plate full of food with a fork and a knife.", "People are preparing meals on a blanket covering the ground. ", "A sandwich sitting on top of a plate.", "Mexican food is on a brightly colored paper plate."]
["A tray topped with two sandwiches, pie and a plate of coleslaw.", "A piece of pecan pie next to two plates of sandwiches and some cole slaw.", "Tray of food includes, pie, slaw, sandwiches, and pickles.", "A black ray holding plates of food that include sandwiches and pie.", "There is a tray with different sandwiches on it"]
["A man balances sideways on a white skateboard.", "A skateboarder doing a trick on skate ramp.", "A skateboarder on a skateboard doing a trick.", "A fish eye shot of a skate boarder turning around", "A man in a black shirt riding a white skateboard\n"]
["A plastic container filled with a sandwich, sliced berries and sliced cucumber.", "A puzzle piece shaped sandwich is packed in a container with fruit and veggie sides.", "A plastic container with strawberries, apples, cucumbers, pretzels, and a sandwich.", "A separated plastic dish is holding a nice lunch.", "A three compartment food container with a sandwich cut like a puzzle piece and some fruit and vegetables."]
["A group of women looking at a display of baked goods that is outside under a pavilion.", "A group of women standing around a table covered in food.", "an image of women working and buying at an outdoor bake sale", "People selling various types of bread products at an outdoor vendor. ", "A group of people standing in front of tables with pastries."]
["A wooden desk topped with a desktop monitor.", "A desk with a desktop computer and a few other things.", "there is a desk with a computer on it", "A computer desk with a powered on computer.", "A photograph of the layout of a desk.", "A student's computer desk is well organized with supplies. "]
["A tray with bread, cheese, fruits and vegetables.", "Carrots, grapes, cheese, bread and butter in a plastic container.", "The lunch provides all the major food groups.", "some different foods are laying out on a table", "a trey with some fruit inside of it "]
["A plate with cabbage and carrots with a shadow of a V on it.", "A plate of carrots and green leafy vegetables.", "Fresh carrots on cabbage leaves on a formal place setting", "Some carrots are arranged on some leaves on a plate.", "Some carrots and greens on a white plate"]
["A ceramic coffee cup inside of a silver microwave oven.", "A coffee cup sitting in a microwave oven.", "A metallic microwave sitting on top of a wooden table.", "a microwave oven with a coffee cup inside it", "A microwave is shown with three seconds left."]
["A man and two children are skiing in the snow.", "A man and two children skiing in the snow.", "A man on a ski slope with two small children", "A man and two children stand on skis on the side of a snowy slope.", "A man standing next to a little girl on a ski slope."]
["Two people that are in the air while snow skiing.", "Two skiers getting air time on the slopes. ", "Two skiers performing ski jumps together on downhill slope.", "A group of guys skiing with a group of others in the background. ", "two people jumping in the air while wearing some skiis "]
["A person flying through the air while riding skis.", "A skier leaping above the snow in the sun", "A person that is snow skiing in a mountainous region.", "a person jumping towards the side of a snowy hill ", "A skier is jumping onto a ski slop. "]
["A man riding a skateboard over the top of a cement block.", "A young man on a skateboard in midair near a ledge.", "A boy jumping in mid air on a skateboard.", "A boy ramping a skateboard over a box.", "A man skateboarding in front of spray painted building."]
["Several stacks of white cups in a restaurant. ", "A photo of a Chinese restaurants stocked supplies.", "Things in an Asian restaurant, including a wall menu, a clock, Styrofoam cups, and plastic bowls.", "A round roman numeral clock next to a restaurant menu.", "A large clock sitting next to a menu in a restaurant."]
["A plate of carrots and cranberry sauce are the focal points on this table.", "a table with a large plate of carrots and cranberries.", "Plates filled with carrots and beets on a white table.", "A plate of carrots, sitting on a dinner table.", "A meal with carrots and pickled beets sits on a table. "]
["Meat, potatoes, peppers, and a carrot are sitting on a plate.", "The plate has some kind of meet on it with some vegetables.", "a plate with a bunch of food on it ", "The food on the plate looks really healthy and hearty. ", "A plate of food is displayed in this picture."]
["People sit around a table littered with plates of food.", "a plate that has some food on it", "A picture of a plate of meat, vegetables and drinks. ", "A plate filled with roast, green peas, carrots, and potatoes.", "A white plate topped with meat and vegetables.", "a blate of food at a dinner table on a plate"]
["A person walking in a snowy landscape with ski poles", "A person in snow gear going through a snowy forest.", "Girl pushing herself along snow path using ski poles on board", "A person is wearing snow shoes and skis poles and is walking in the snow.", "a person riding skis on a snowy surface"]
["A man riding a skateboard on top of a skate park.", "Young man skateboarding near the top of the steps.", "A man practices skateboarding at the skateboard park.", "THERE IS A MAN THAT IS JUMPING A RAMP WTH HIS SKATE BOARD ", "A person on a skateboard with his arms in the air"]
["there are two young boys with no shirts sitting on the floor", "A boy sitting in a hallway playing with an object.", "A young man without a shirt sitting on the ground.", "A boy that is kneeling down on the floor.", "Shirtless boy with some wood and a hammer."]
["A man positions one foot on his roller blade and the other in midair.", "A skateboarder is doing a trick on the sidewaolk.", "A person wearing blue jeans is riding a skateboard. ", "A man riding a skateboard down a rural road.", "A person with one foot on and one foot off a skateboard."]
["Person skateboarding up a sidewalk in a green sweatshirt.", "A guy skateboards down a sidewalk near a building. ", "A male teenage skateboarder rolling down a sidewalk.", "A man or woman is riding on a skateboard.", "A young man stands on a skateboard on a sidewalk pathway near a street."]
["A man riding a skateboard down a sidewalk.", "A skater outside his school on a chilly late afternoon", "A smiling young man on a skate board in town.", "a guy long boarding in the parking lot near a road", "A person riding a skateboard down a sidewalk."]
["a man on skies is coming down a hill", "A person skiing downhill on a snow covered slope with another person in the background.", "A skier carves a path as they descend a snowy slope", "A man riding skis down the side of a snow covered ski slope.", "The individual is skiing on the snow with sticks in his hands. "]
["A man eating a layered chocolate cake with chocolate frosting.", "A picture of a half eaten chocolate cake.", "Less than half of a four layer chocolate round cake.", "A four layer cake that is sitting on a tray.", "a giant four level frosted chocolate cake on a plate"]
["a boy attemping a jump with his skateboard in a parking lot ", "A young man flipping a skateboard through the air.", "an  image of a boy doing tricks on a skateboard", "A young man on a skateboard on a neighborhood sidewalk.", "An Asian kid is riding his skateboard and doing some tricks in the air. "]
["A man with a skateboard is talking to a man in a hat.", "A man with a skateboard talking to another man.", "A skateboarder talks with another man at a park.", "Two men are talking to each other while holding a skateboard.", "A man standing next to another man with a skateboard."]
["A group of men riding skateboards on top of cement.", "A man in white shirt doing a trick on a skateboard.", "A group of skateboarders using the bench at a park", "Teenagers are at a skateboard park with skateboards.", "a person is on a skateboard sliding along a wall"]
["A man is holding a camera on a rig while skateboarding in a parking lot.", "a male skateboarder in a gray shirt and a parking lot", " a man standing over a skateboard with a shadow on the ground", "A young man riding a skateboard across a parking lot.", "A man is riding a skateboard in a parking lot."]
["A young man riding a skateboard in a parking lot.", "A man holding onto a pipe with his hand out in a parking lot.", "a man holding onto a rail in the middle of an empty parking lot", "A man in an empty parking lot trying to pull something", "a man is in the parking lot doing a pose of some sort"]
["A man riding a skateboard on top of a cement planter.", "a skateboarder is balanced on the edge of a curved wall, while another man is filming him from the grass below", "Two men in black shirts doing tricks on skateboards.", "A couple of people and a skateboard outside.", "A man being filmed doing skateboard tricks on a city planter."]
["Someone doing a trick in the air on their snow board. ", "A man riding a snowboard into the air.", "A snowboarder in mid air from a jump ", "A person with a snowboard is jumping in the air.", "A man high in the air doing a snow boarding trick."]
["Black and white action photograph of a snowboard competitor", "A snowboarder is doing a trick while in the air.", "A snowboarder performing a trick in the air.", "A helmeted person in the air on a board.", "A black and white photo of a person on a snowboard."]
["a snow boarder ramping  a small snow mound", "A man riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.", "a man that is jumping on a snowboard", "A snowboarder on his show board jumping in the snow ", "a person jumping a snow board in the air "]
["A snowboarder in a plaid black jacket it catching air. ", "A man in long sleeves rides a skateboard.", "A young man riding a skateboard in a dark room in front of a light", "A blurry snowboarder skiing quickly down a slope", "A man wearing a plaid shirt is jumping on his skateboard."]
["There are two plates showing.  One has two hot dogs with all the trimmings and one has a potato wrapped in foil.", "A couple of sausages sitting on top of a white plate.", "Two hotdog sandwiches, one with bacon and cheese, and one with onions and scallions.", "A plate of food including meat on a bun.", "Two hotdogs with different toppings on a plate."]
["A snowboarder crouching on his board in mid air.", "A snowboarder and his board caught mid flight", "A man flying through the air while riding a snowboard.", "A snowboarder jumping a hill on a snowy mountain.", "A snowboarder grabs the back of her snowboard while jumping"]
["a man is in the air on a snowboard", "A man on a snowboard in mid air after a jump ", "Snowboarder doing a big jump and trick in the air", "A man flying through the blue sky while riding a snowboard.", "A snowboarder leaps high in the air and pulls his legs back."]
["A snowboarder is flying through the air doing stunts on his snow board.", "A man with gloves, goggles and a hat on is in the air on his snowboard.", "A snowboarder is airborne during a trick atop a mountain.", "A person that is snowboarding through the air as they grab their board.", "A snowboarder doing a trick after a jump."]
["A man riding a skateboard through a empty lobby.", "A young man rides a skateboard though a busy indoor venue.", "A man on a skateboard inside a large room.", "A man uses skateboard to travel through the hotel lobby.  ", "A man stands on his skateboard while on a carpeted floor."]
["A guy and some friends standing around with longboards. ", "A young man is standing with his long board.", "The man holds a skateboard next to others on a wooden platform.", "People standing, some holding skateboards, one holding a plate with a snack.", "Several people standing around with skateboards, one of whom is holding a plate."]
["A picture of some food on a table.", "A close-up of a fish sandwich and fries.", "a sandwich and french fries on a plate", "A sandwich and fries are being displayed on a plate.", "A sub bun is overstuffed with fish and served with fries."]
["A person holding a hotdog in their hand.", "This is a huge jumbo hot dog with grilled onions on it.", "A hot dog with mayo and other toppings on a hoagie bun.", "A person who is holding a hotdog in a napkin.", "the large sandwich bun holds different kinds of meat"]
["A man on a snowboard standing on a rail.", "A young man is snowboarding down a rail", "A person in a jacket riding a snowboard", "A kid on a skate board riding a rail.", "there is a male snowboarder going down a stair ramp"]
["A man on a snowboard in the mountains.", "Snowboarder flying off a ramp at a ski resort", "A man on a snowy mountain riding a snowboard.", "A person that is doing a snowboarding trip in the air.", "A person on a snowboard doing a trick."]
["A young lady showing off the hot dogs she just bought. ", "A curly haired woman holding two loaded hotdogs.", "A woman holding up two paper trays with hot dogs in them.", "A beautiful woman sitting at a table holding up two hot dogs.", "A woman sitting a table holding two hotdogs."]
["A woman standing on a boat squirting mustard on a hot dog held by a man standing on another boat", "two people side by side on two different boats", "A man and a woman trade food items between two boats. ", "Two boats are parked next to each other ", "two people sharing a condiment while on two different boats"]
["A tall man is talking to a girl while eating", "A man holding food talking to a woman.", "A man eating a hotdog standing near the dock", "A man holding a hotdog whle looking into the eyes of a pretty young lady.", "A tall man eating and drinking next to a lady"]
["A guy bites into a donut while standing beside a waterfall. ", "A man eating  a chicken patty by a waterfall", "A man eating a chicken nugget in front of a water fall.", "man taking a bit of something as he stands near a waterfall.", "A man eating a donut in front of a river with a waterfall."]
["A lady stops along a street to munch down a hotdog.", "A girl on the street is biting into a hot dog. ", "A girl eating a hot dog bought from a stand", "A close up of a woman eating a hot dog on a street.", "A young woman opening her mouth and biting into a hot dog."]
["A metal container catching doughnuts as they fall.", "View of donuts being made in a commercial kitchen.", "Donuts are placed in a round pan after coming off of a machine. ", "A pan filled with donuts sitting next to a conveyor belt.", "There are a bunch of doughnuts on a metal tray"]
["A hot dog is in a styrofoam box.", "A foam container filled with a hog dog and lots of toppings.", "A sandwich in a Styrofoam container on a table.", "A prepared lunch has vegetables and pickles in a bun.", "A sandwich with a large pickle sitting on top."]
["a number of different doughnuts in a box ", "Group of doughnuts with superhero theme in two boxes.", "Group of assorted doughnuts in a couple of boxes.", "there is an assortment of donuts in these boxes.", "Assorted, some with superhero designs, donuts in a box on a wooden table."]
["Two people on a ski slope with snow boards on their feet.", "Two people sit in the snow with snowboards on.", "Two kids on snowboards on a snowy hill.", "Two people sitting in the snow with snowboards on their feet.", "Two people sitting on the snow on their snowboards"]
["A lunch box with a slice of pizza, and pretzels.", "A plate of food with pizza, pickle, pretzels and fruit  on it.", "a white plate with a pickle pizza pretzels and red fruit", "A blue plate with separate contains for food on it.", "A lunch tray with separated segments for pizza, pretzels, pickles, and other fruit."]
["A cut in half sandwich on a plate with fries.", "A yellow plate holding a sandwich and curly fries.", "Hot dog with fries on yellow plate on red tile.", "A wrap sandwich on a plate with french fries.", "a plate with some sandwiches and some fries on it "]
["A plate with a sandwich and a salad next to a pickle.", "A picture of a salad, pickle and sandwich. ", "The plate has a sandwich near half of a sandwich.", "A plate that has a sandwich and salad on it", "A salad served with a pickle and small sandwich."]
["A very large doughnut  sits atop a building as an advertisement.", "Unique advertisement for Randy's Donuts makes it clear who they are", "This is an infamous picture atop a donut shop.", "The giant logo outside Randy's  business shows what is for sale.", "Large donut advertisement with the words \"Randy's Donuts\" painted on it."]
["A surfer in a black wet suit and a blue surfboard is standing on the beach.", "A man smiles on the beach with his surf board.", "A bearded man in a wetsuit holding a surfboard. ", "A man near the beach is holding a blue surfboard.", "a man that is holding some kind of surfboard"]
["A group of boys in T-shirts and shorts playing Frisbee.", "A group of people playing frisbee on pavement", "A group of people in white shirts playing with a frisbee.", "Young teenagers are playing Frisbee on a court.", "This is a group of people playing frisbee."]
["a close up of a plate of food with a sandwich", "A white plate with sandwiches and a salad on top of it.", "a plate with a cut sandwich and a little salad ", "This plate contains a sandwich with tomato, cucumber, and lettuce on the side.", "A few slices of a sandwich on a plate with tomato and lettuce on a table near other plates with sandwiches."]
["surfboarder with a big board on the shore giving a thumbs up", "A man giving a thumbs up and holding a surfboard.", "A man is holding a blue surfboard beside a sign at the beach", "a man stands on he beach with a surf board ", "A well-trod expanse of sand, featuring a smiling man with a large blue surf board alongside a tall sign. and in the background, sea and sky that almost blends together. "]
["A woman in a black wetsuit sits on her surfboard near the water.", "A woman sitting on top of a surfboard on top of a beach.", "A woman sits on a yellow surfboard on the beach.", "A woman sitting on a yellow surf board on the beach.", "Man sitting on a surf board in the middle of a sandy beach."]
["A man holding a surf board standing on the shore of the beach ", "A man on the beach holding his surfboard.", "A surfer holding a surfboard straight up on a beach in front of ocean waves.", "A man, with his surfboard, watching the waves.", "a surfer holding his board looking at the water"]
["A man holding a chocolate covered doughnut while sitting in a chair. ", "Man is eating a chocolate frosted cupcake in an office", "A man in blue sweater vest holding a donut.", "A man is eating a pastry sitting down", "A man with glasses sitting on a chair with a chocolate frosted donut in his hand. "]
["A man riding a surfboard on top of a wave in the ocean.", "A person in wetsuit surfing on body of water.", "A man surfing in the waves on a bay.", "A man catching some waves on his surfboard", "A person surfing on an ocean during the day."]
["A donut that is on top of a table.", "A crumb-glazed doughnut rests on a plate. ", "A sprinkled chocolate donut is setting on a plate.", "A crumb covered doughnut sitting on top of a plate on a table.", "A coated doughnut sitting on a beige plate."]
["A skateboard on top of a surfboard on a beach.", "A skateboard is sitting on a surfboard on a rocky beach.", "A skateboard laying on top of a surfboard at the seashore.", "A skateboard is sitting upside down on a surfboard.", "There is a skateboard sitting on top of a surfboard."]
["Two people standing on the beach with surfboards.", "Two teenagers are toward the ocean with surfboards.", "Two people hold their surf boards standing in front of the ocean.", "Two young surfers about to enter the ocean.", "Two men with surfboards prepare to find waves."]
["Group of surfing equipment sitting next to a beach. ", "The view of a beach from a higher view point", "A sandy beach with a broken surfboard next to the ocean.", "Objects on a beach next to a wall.", "The surfing board is on the sand on the beach"]
["A group of Navy men cutting a large sheet cake.", "A bunch of cruise ship workers cut into a cake.", "Five men cut a cake at an event. ", "some soldiers cutting into a big sheet cake on a table", "A group of men cutting into a celebratory cake"]
["A birthday cake features a syringe, band-aids and pills.", "a birthday cake is decorated with band aids and pills ", "A medical decorated cake for a birthday with icing.", "A birthday cake with band aids and a shot on top of them.", "Birthday cake for a friend that is ill"]
["A person holding a white plate topped with a sandwich.", "this is a sandwich on a plate with bread", "A plate that has a sandwich with meat on it.", "A plate of food in a persons hand.", "A person holding a round white plate of food, that has a hot dog and various items in the bun."]
["a couple of people on surf boards ride in the water", "Two men who are in the water with surfboards.", "Two surfers catching two separate waves in the ocean.", "A surfer stands up on a surfboard and rides a wave while another paddles towards shore.", "Two surfers are riding the waves in the ocean."]
["A surfer ridding a wave crouching down on their surfboard.", "a man riding on a surf board in the ocean ", "a person riding a surf board on a wave ", "Man surfing breaking wave in open ocean on sunny day.", "A surfer in a wet suit, just starting to stand up on a surfboard\n"]
["A young pretty lady kicking a soccer ball on a field.", "A couple of people that are looking at a soccer ball.", "The soccer player is kicking the ball while a crowd watches.", "Woman playing with soccer while children watch intently", "A coach balances a soccer ball in front of her team"]
["A man in a wetsuit on the beach with a white surfboard.", "A person holding a surfboard near the ocean. ", "A surfer in a wetsuit carries his surfboard towards the water.", "A person at the beach with a surfboard.", "A man with a surf board and wetsuit near water."]
["A person standing on a rocky hillside next to the ocean.", "A person walking down the rocks to the shore", "A man walks down the rocks near an ocean.", "A man walking alone down a steep embankment toward the surf.", "A man is running down to the ocean from a muddy hill."]
["A person lying on a surfboard as others observe them.", "two girls and two boys and one boy is laying on a surfboard", "A group of people next to a person on a surfboard.", "A group of people learning how to surf on a beach.", "a person learning how to surf board out side "]
["A man holding a white surfboard on a dirt road.", "A man carrying a surf board through a field.", "A person with a surfboard on a dirt road.", "A man posing in the woods with a surfboard. ", "A man with a surf board in the middle of tall grass. "]
["A woman walking across a sandy beach with a surfboard.", "A woman surfer walking along the beach sand.", "A woman goes surfing but the day starts out foggy", "a surfer walks on a beach in the sand and fog", "A girl walking across the beach carrying her surfboard."]
["Two large salads on white plates with a slice of bread.", "A salad on a plate with a piece of bread, fork and knife.", "A sandwich on a white plate with a knife and fork. ", "A salad sandwich fills a plate with another salad sitting alongside.", "A delicious looking salad with tuna and bread."]
["People sit in the sand or take boards out into the water on a small beach.", "Several people in the sand on a beach near the water.", "People stand on the beach while others swim.", "A couple of families on a wild beach, swimming and surfing.", "there are only a few people that are at this beach"]
["A bed with white sheets and a night stand.", "There is a photo of clean white sheets and pillows", "The white pillows and quilt of a bed in a hotel room", "White blankets and pillows in a hotel room", "Large white sheets on a blanket with a yellow headboard. "]
["A man carrying a surfboard on top of the ocean.", "a man is walking with a surfboard in the water", "A person walking in the ocean with a surfboard. ", "As the sun sets, the surf boarder heads for the beach.", "The surfer is in the bright blue water with his surf board. "]
["A smiling girl with her fifth birthday cake", "A young lady is posing for the camera before blowing out he few candles. ", "A girl in red shirt sitting at a table with a cake.", "Young girl posing at table with cake lit with candles.", "A girl sitting in front of a cup and a cake with candles."]
["A bunch of candles that are on a cake.", "A dome shaped cake that has lit letter shaped candles on it, and people in the background.", "A woman standing in front of a large candle lit cake.", "A loaf of bread with candles lit on top ", "some candles are burning on top of a cake"]
["a woman on a beach holding a surfboard behind her ", "A woman posing against a surf board during sunset.", "The woman poses with a surfboard during a sunset. ", "Beautiful silhouette of a woman holding a surfboard at a beach.", "A silhouette of a woman in the sunset at the beach holding a surfboard."]
["A bedroom with the only light coming from the window.", "There is a bed next to a bedroom window.", "A small bedroom has a white bedspread and a medium sized window view.", "a small room with a single window and bed", "The drapes of a window are open in the small bathroom."]
["A man waits in bed while watching television and holding something.", "A man that is laying down in a bed.", "A man laying in a unmade bed with a remote in his hand.", "a person laying in a bed under the covers", "A man laying in a bed with a piece of food in his hands. "]
["The surfer is attempting to ride the wave.", "a person riding a surf board on a body of water ", "A surfer is surfing in the ocean among the tallest waves.", "a man surfing at the beach during the day", "A man riding a surfboard on an ocean wave."]
["This cake is decorated with a graph on it. ", "The cake has a line graph on the icing. ", "A cake that was made to look like a chart.", "a long cake made to look like a medical chart", "A cake with some lines on it, as if it was a graph"]
["A group of men kicking around a soccer ball.", "an image of a group of kids playing indoor soccer", "A group of men play indoor soccer together. ", "A group of people on a court playing soccer.", "The blue team and the green team playing soccer in an indoor gym."]
["A group of young men playing a game of soccer.", "They are running together in a gym class.", "A group of people are running towards a ball. ", "Guys in the gym playing soccer with teams", "a group of young people playing soccer indoors"]
["Some people gathered at a very big table with a big cake.", "Mom cuts the birthday cake for her daugher", "A child and three adults at a party with a cake and a punch fountain.", "A woman slices a cake while others wait in line for it.", "A woman cutting a birthday cake for people to eat it. "]
["A man is kite surfing in the ocean.", "A man is surfing in the water at sunset.", "A person parasailing on the ocean at sunset.", "A man kite surfing at the end of day during sunset.", "A person on a board para sailing in the ocean at sunset."]
["A plate with grated coconut and decorations on the table", "The cake is decorated for Easter on the table. ", "A couple of eggs that are around a cake.", "a cake on a plate surrounded by Easter eggs", "a cake with coconut shavings on top and eggs around it"]
["Three women who are sitting on surfboards on a beach.", "Three surfers laugh and relax on the beach. ", "A group of people sitting and laying on a beach.", "there are three woman that are laying on the beach", "Two woman laying on surfboards in the sand."]
["a man and woman stand in front of a cake ", "A man and a woman standing in front of a wooden table.", "A happy couple behind a cake on which a dragon figure is poised", "a couple celebrating a special occasion standing over a cake", "The two people are proud of their unusual cake."]
["A surfer riding a wave in the ocean on a sunny day.", "A person on a surfboard is shown riding a wave.", "A surfer riding a wave back to the shore", "A surfer standing on his surfboard riding a wave on an empty ocean", "A person standing ontop their surfboard finishing the ride of their wave. "]
["A person on a board in the water.", "A MALE OR FEMALE DOING A WATER SPORT IN THE RIVER.", "A person on a surfboard  being pulled by something", "A young person having fun wind surfing in a small lake.", "A person on a board riding on a river"]
["A baby in a white crib sticking its hand through the bars. ", "A baby's arm poking through the slats of a crib.", "A hand of a baby coming through the side of a crib.", "a small kids hand hangs out of a crib ", "A small hand reaching toward the camera through some white bars"]
["A man handing a woman a red pan of food.", "Someone is blowing out the candles on the birthday cake.", "A man blowing out the candles on his birthday cake.", "This is a woman blowing out the candles on her birthday cake.", "some people and the male in a black shirt is holding a red pan"]
["A man holding a birthday cake in a pan with friends. ", "A man holding a square pan with cake inside of it.", "A group of people around a birthday cake.", "a person walking with a cake in a box plate", "Several people are smiling while one holds a birthday cake."]
["The man is surfing on a wave as another surfer is in the water nearby. ", "A man who is on a surfboard in the water.", "A couple of men riding surfboards on top of a wave.", "People using surfboards in the water with waves.", "A surfer is catching a wave while another one is floating"]
["A woman holding a birthday cake with lit candles.", "a person holding a cake with lit candles", "A woman in a floral blouse carrying a cake.", "A woman is walking with a birthday cake at a party with people.", "A woman carrying a birthday cake with several lit candles on it."]
["A couple of beds sitting in a bedroom under paintings.", "A couple of beds made up with orange bedding and orange pictures above them.", "A hotel room has two beds with gold blankets.", "A view of two beds in what appears to be a hotel room.", "Two bed sitting beside each other with a side table between them."]
["There are bag on a bed in a hotel room.", "A bedroom with curtain lamp and a bed", "A wonderful bedroom full of beautiful and comfortable furniture. ", "an image of two bags set on a hotel bed", "black cats sleeping on a big bed in a shady room"]
["A couple of small beds in a room.", "A living are with two beds, nightstands and a window.", "Matching twin beds pushed together in a room.", "Twin beds in a very small hotel room.", "A room containing two twin bed pushed close together"]
["A slice of pizza topped with green leaves.", "A closeup of leaves placed on baked crust.", "A thin slice of pizza with two green leaves on top.", "A close up view of a pizza slice with  basil on top.", "A piece of pizza or flat-bread with basil on top of it."]
["A look at a hotel room with two beds in it. ", "Matching twin beds in a motel room ready for guests ", "Two beds in a hotel room with green placards on the pillows.", "a couple of bed that are in the same room", "two twin beds side by side inside a room"]
["a pepperoni pizza that hasn't been cooked yet", "A cooked pizza coming out of the oven.", "a very large pizza on a large rack", "A pizza sitting on top of an oven under a metal rack.", "A pizza is on a white pan on a grill."]
["A group of men cutting a sheet cake on top of a table.", "Three guys wearing Army camouflage attire cutting a large cake.", "a group of men standing next to and cutting a cake", "Three men in military uniform cut a cake. ", "Three men in military uniform cut a cake."]
["A tray full of just bakes mini cupcakes.", "There are brownies baking on a baking sheet.", "Chocolate muffins fully baked are in a muffin tray.", "A muffin pan full of unfrosted chocolate cupcakes or muffins.", "Chocolate cupcakes rising on a baking try that is white."]
["A man riding a surfboard next to a wave in the ocean.", "Person on a surfboard riding in front of a crashing wave. ", "A man in a full wetsuit that is surfing on the ocean waves, with the waves breaking behind him.", "A surfer is in front of a big wave.", "A surfer is surfing in front of a large wave."]
["A bed sitting in a bedroom next to a window under pictures.", "A king size bed with two pictures above in a hotel room.", "A bed in a hotel room is made up with white and maroon linens. ", "A double bed in a hotel or motel setting.", "a large bed that is in a bedroom"]
["A man standing on a paddle board riding a wave in the ocean.", "A shirtless man on a surfboard with an oar", "The surfer is rowing a long paddle to row his board.", "The man is steering his surf board with a pole.", "an image of a man on his surfboard riding the ocean waves"]
["A group of hot women laying in a white bed.", "Four pictures of four girls on a bed doing various poses. ", "Four pictures of four girls and an unmade bed.", "A group of girls laughing in a bed.", "Four girls sitting on a bed laughing and talking."]
["A man holding a surfboard while walking into the ocean.", "There is a man walking towards the waves.", "A person holding a surf board walking into the ocean.", "A male surfer running toward the sea with his surfboard.", "We see a young man running into the surf with his board."]
["A child tennis player prepares to hit the ball", "A girl swings a raqcuet at a tennis ball.", "A kid who is playing a game of tennis. ", "A young girl who is swinging a tennis racket.", "A young tennis player tries to hit the ball. "]
["A young woman is eating a piece of pizza.", "Boy wearing hat and glasses eating toast with jam. ", "A woman sitting in front of a plate while holding a slice of pizza.", "A boy with a hat eats a piece of pizza.", "a young boy in the middle of his bite of pizza"]
["Two large red blanket covered beds in a  bedroom.", "A hotel room features two large beds with red blankets. ", "Two large beds in a hotel room with a large window.", "A hotel room with twin beds and elaborate red bed covers.", "a hotel room with two large beds with colorful bedspeads on it "]
["a plate of vegetables sits next to a trey of pizza ", "A plate of green vegetables and a tray of pizza on the dining table", "a table with a pizza and some vegetables sitting on top", "A pizza and a salad partially eaten atop a wooden table.", "a cookie sheet with a pizza on it sitting on a dining table"]
["A flat screen TV sitting across the way from a laptop.", "A living room with a television and computer turned on.", "Someone is sitting on their laptop in their living room near the television. ", "a living room with a lab top and a tv", "A living room is shown, with CNN on the TV, while a person is holding a laptop."]
["something is half way buried in a sandy field", "a black broken tv sitting in the desert", "A television is on the beach near the ocean.", "a tv set sitting in the sand next to the water", "An old television is sitting on a sandy beach."]
["A group of people sitting around a large wooden desk.", "a group of men sitting at a table working on lap tops", "a group of people sitting around a wooden table ", "A man talking to another man sitting at a table in front of a laptop.", "A large group of people at a table in a room."]
["A man that is sitting down with a laptop.", "a man sits on a seat with a laptop in his lap", "A young person sitting in his seat working on his laptop. ", "Man with his lap top open sitting on a blue seat is smiling", "A man sitting in a train cart with a laptop."]
["A boy eats a slice of pizza at the dinner table.", "A boy eating food at a table ", "A young boy eating a piece of bread near a bowl of food.", "A boy sitting at a table eating in front of a plate and bowl.", "The child takes a bite of food beside a cup with liquid in it."]
["An open laptop sitting in an open suitcase.", "A laptop that is open and sitting in an open piece of luggage.", "The black laptop is inside of an open luggage bag. ", "An opened laptop computer sitting in a suitcase.", "A laptop computer is sitting in a piece of luggage."]
["Two tennis players, walking in opposite directions in between plays.", "Two women holding tennis racquets walking in opposite directions.", "Two female tennis players walking in opposite directions on the tennis court.", "Two tennis players walking around a tennis court.", "Two female tennis players walk around the court. "]
["A small apartment has some framed pictures and posters", "A dining table covered with a blue tablecloth.", "A living room with a wooden table covered in a green table cloth.", "A well lit living room with hangings on the wall", "A room with the sunlight filtering through the windows."]
["A woman standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A woman wearing a red tennis outfit holds her racket out to the side near a tennis ball on a tennis court.", "A tennis player hitting a ball on the tennis court.", "A woman hits a tennis ball at the end of the court.", "A woman preparing to hit a tennis ball."]
["A man leaps up to hit the tennis ball during a match", "A man raises his racket high while hitting a tennis ball.", "A man reaching up to hit a tennis ball.", "A man swinging a racket on a tennis court.", "a tennis player hitting a serve on a court"]
["A person near a tennis net holding a tennis racket.", "A man in a red tennis jersey swinging with his racket.", "A gentlemen holding his tennis racket on the tennis court.", "The man is playing tennis ,at the tennis court.", "A man on a court swinging a tennis racket."]
["A woman tennis player hitting a tennis ball.", "A girl playing tennis in the tennis court.", "A tennis player in a red dress taking a swing.", "Female tennis player playing with ball in air on tennis court", "A woman hitting a tennis ball with a racquet."]
["A person on a court with a tennis racket.", "a woman holding a tennis racket in the air ", "A woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "a tennis player that is on a court with a racket", "A girl wearing red playing tennis on a green and blue court."]
["A little girl is standing outside eating a piece of pizza.", "A young girl holding up a half eaten pizza.", "A young, blonde girl wearing a purple shirt eating pizza.", "A young blonde girl eating a piece of pizza.", "A young girl holds up a slice of pizza."]
["Altered black and white photograph of a boy swinging a racquet", "a little boy that has a racket in hand", "A kid on a court with a tennis racket.", "a small kid with a racket finishes a swing ", "A blurry black and white image of a little boy playing."]
["A young boy holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A kid without shoes is holding a tennis racket.", "A young boy practices his tennis skills against a wall.", "a little kid trying to hit a tennis ball", "there is a young boy that is playing tennis"]
["A tennis player is on an outdoor court.", "A male tennis player in motion with his hat falling off. ", "A boy in white holds a tennis racket as his hat is off his head an on his shoulder.", "The cap is falling off of a player holding a tennis racket.", "A guy's hat falls off as he plays tennis"]
["A white paper topped with square slices of pizza.", "Several slices of pizza some with pepperoni some just cheese.", "Several slices of pepperoni pizza sliced into squares.", "Slices of square cut pizza displayed on wooden surface.", "Several small slices of pizza on a table."]
["Two small children brushing their teeth at a bathroom sink", "Two children stand at the sink and brush their teeth.", "Children standing in the bathroom brushing their teeth.", "Two little children brushing their teeth in a bathroom sink.", "Two young children are brushing their teeth in the bathroom."]
["A video game controller sitting next to TV remotes.", "A picture of an Playstation video game controller with other remotes nearby", "Six remote controls arranged around one video control remote.", "An array of different remote controls posed on a cushion.", "A cushion has an array of remote controls on it."]
["A baby in pajamas is chewing on a toy. ", "A happy baby in pajamas enjoying a teething toy", "Baby holding a teething toy in his hand", "A smiling baby playing with a yellow and blue toy.", "A baby smiles as he plays with a colorful thermometer. "]
["Man and young boy on a couch in a living room. ", "A couch sitting in a living room next to two windows.", "A child lying next to a person studying something while on a couch.", "A man and child sitting on a futon next to a chair and table.", "A man on a laptop with a little girl laying down next to him ."]
["The room has many potted plants in the window. ", "This appears to be a storage room with a desk.", "The television is on in a cluttered residential room decorated with christmas lights.", "A room filled with furniture and accessories in a room", "A room full of things such as computers,table fans suitcases,potted plants etc."]
["A woman playing game with Nintendo Wii controller and Wii Fit board.", "a person standing on a white platform holding a game controller.", "a person standing on a nintendo device playing wii  ", "One woman plays with the Wii game while another woman lies on a couch.", "A lady is playing Wii fit in her living room as someone lays on the couch."]
["A young man seems to be holding a Wii remote near the flower.", "Man standing next to flowering plant in living area of home.", "a man standing next to a plant with red flowers on it ", "A man that is standing up holding a remote.", "Man standing in a yellow room holding some kind of remote "]
["A woman is helping another play a video game.", "Three women on a couch talking to each other.", "three women sitting on a leather chair playing the wii game ", "People on couch watching and playing video game. ", "A group of three women sitting on top of a brown couch."]
["A man holding a Wii game controller in front of a projector.", "a man playing a game of wii on a projector ", "Young people in a dark room playing video games on a television.", "a man that is standing up playing with a wii", "A couple of people playing a game with remote controllers."]
["Two people in a living room with wii remotes.", "Two people playing a video game in a living room.", "a lady holding a game controller and a man giving the rock on sign ", "A man and a woman inside a room.", "A man and woman are playing the wii in their living room."]
["A boy and girl playing a game with remote controllers.", "A boy throwing an item while standing next to a girl.", "Couple of young children playing Nintendo Wii in room", "two children playing a video game in a house", "kids playing a video game in their living room"]
["A living room area that has a couch, table, and lots of photos on the wall.", "The clean and organized living room is cluttered with many things.", "A room with sitting area, dining area, and a work desk.", "A living room filled with furniture and a ceiling fan.", "This is an image of the inside of a home with lots of pictures on the walls."]
["Two men on stage with an image on a screen. ", "the man is holding a remote and standing in front of a screen", "Two men give a speech in front of a crowd. ", "A man standing at a podium holding a controller.", "A couple of people in a room with a remote."]
["some people standing near a tv in a room", "A group of people standing by table with a television on it.", "Some people gathered around a big display with a TV.", "A large television and some people in a room.", "A few people looking at a large flat screen TV."]
["Two guys standing and leaning playing a video game.", "A man and a woman are playing video games.", "Two people are playing Wii boxing game together", "Two people are holding video game controllers and pointing them.", "People are standing together playing with Wii controllers."]
["A living room with a fireplace and is very messy.", "Living room of home with electronic equipment on shelving units.", "A dirty living room with TV, computer, and video game systems.", "The occupants of this room seriously need to clean it up.", "A living room filled with furniture and a gray TV."]
["A group of people that are standing in a living room.", "A group of people playing a game with remote controllers.", "A group of people standing in a room with a remote in one mans hand.", "A man playing a game while several people watch.", "Several people playing and watching others play Wii."]
["A computer keyboard sitting on top of a table.", "Keyboard on desk with computer system in background. ", "Close up shot of a white keyboard on a wood desk", "The picture shows a computer keyboard, a pair of headphones, and a computer part.", "A keyboard and some ear phones are on a table."]
["There are two keyboards and a desk top computer an also a mouse that is lit up with blue lights.", "A computer desk has two keyboards and mouses together.", "A desk with a desktop computer with two keyboards and two mouses.", "A close up shot of a computer with some accessories. ", "a close up of two keyboards and two computer mice"]
["an empty living room with a fire place and a mirror", "An empty living room in an older home with a large fireplace.", "a large living room empty of everything with wood floors", "A empty room with a mirror and a ceiling light.", "An empty room with a light is currently on. "]
["a living room with hardwood foors , a tv and table", "Cat entering a room with woman sitting on a couch.", "A room with a table, television, a person sitting on a couch and a cat standing in another room.", "A boy who is sitting on a couch watching television.", "A living room with a boy sitting on a couch watching t.v."]
["A person taking a picture with a cell phone of someone laying on the ground ", "The person is tired of being photographed by the phone.", "A photo of a camera on a phone taking a photo of a woman laying down with another person doing something to her nose/ ", "Someone taking a picture of someone getting a nose piercing.", "Someone who is holding a cell phone recording a women."]
["Two men riding bicycles or scooters in front of building. ", "Some people are riding bikes by a large building.", "A couple of men riding bikes down a street.", "Two men are riding bikes in front of the school", "Adults riding bicycles on roadway near large white building."]
["A black leather sofa in a living room with a batman poster hanging in the wall.", "A living room has lots of black furniture and a batman poster.", "a purple blanket sittin on the corner of the couch ", "A living room with leather furniture and a  flat screen TV.", "A white living room with black furniture and wood flooring."]
["Vintage furniture and a Christmas tree decorate a living room.", "A living room with a large decorated Christmas tree.", " A lovely living room decorated for the holidays.", "A living room with a large decorated Christmas tree.", "A decorated Christmas tree stands in a very tidy room."]
["A person standing on a walkway area and flying a kite in the air above him.", "A man flying a kite by a building.", "A man standing on a plaza looking at a bird flying above. ", "A man is standing outside next to large buildings.", "A man is looking up as a large bird flies overhead."]
["A couple people in the water flying kites.", "kites being flown in the sky at a beach", "a group of people wind surfing at dusk at a beach", "A group of people that are wind surfing in the water.", "A group of people kitboard on top of a body of water."]
["Kite surfing is a sport for many ocean goers.", "There are numerous people hanging out in the water.", "People are playing in the water in front of some hills.  ", "Hang gliders fly over the water on a choppy day.", "People gather on a beach by the mountains where kites are flown."]
["Two kids are flying kites on a beach", "A couple walk on the beach with a kite flying high in the air. ", "Two people flying a kite on a beach.", "A kite in the air over a beach ", "Two people with an umbrella are walking on the beach."]
["A woman and a little girl standing on top of a beach.", "A couple of people on a beach with a kite.", "A child and older woman fly a kite on the beach.", "this is a little girl playing in the beach", "Woman and child on a beach flying a kite."]
["Two men standing together watching a kite fly up in the sky.", "Two older men flying a kite in the sky", "two older men stare into the sky at a kite", "two men watch as a kite is flown above them", "Two people standing next to each other flying a kite in the sky."]
["A boy standing in tall grass flying a kite.", "A young boy flying a kite near a house.", "A young boy flies a kite over the roof of a house.", "A boy flies a red kite in the blue sky.", "A child flies a kite in the field near his house."]
["A man standing next to a woman on top of a beach.", "A man flying a muti-tiered kite at the beach.", "A man flies a kite while a crowd looks on.", "Two people flying a kite on the beach .", "Several people on a hill flying kites. "]
["A father and his two children standing on top of a lush green field.", "The older man is flying the kite for the younger children looking on. ", "Father and son spending the day fly in a kite in the park.", "Man flying a kite with two small children in a park.", "a grown up and some kids flying a kite"]
["Several people playing in a field and flying kites.", "A group of people stand in a field while two kites are above.", "A black and white picture of people in a park, flying kites.", "A group of people in a park flying a couple kites.", "A black and white photo of kites flying in the air."]
["A group of people riding bicycles next to various kites.", "Various flags and displays at a park with tents.", "Some people are having fun in a big festival. ", "A group of people ride bikes on a path while other people sit around tents near parked cars.", "many people riding bicycle in the park "]
["A couple of people standing on top of a field flying a kite.", "Two men and a kite flying near the shore.", "A person flies a kite on the edge of a coastal cliff while another person stands and watches.", "Two guys fly a colorful kite next to a large body of water.", "Two adults trying to fly a kit on a overcast day. "]
["A refrigerator packed with all kinds of groceries.", "Refrigerator shelves filled with a variety of food.", "A refrigerator is packed with food and drink.", "A fridge full of food like milk, beer and other goods.", "A refrigerator filled with lots of food and drinks."]
["A para-sailor on the water one sunny day.", "A person out in the water wind surfing. ", "Wind surfer riding on a large green kite in the water. ", "A man kiteboarding over the ocean under a cloudy sky.", "A couple of birds are flying over the beach"]
["A large metal clock hanging with chains from a roof.", "An old clock hanging in a hotel lobby says \"The Brown Palace Hotel Denver\".", "A big fancy clock handing from the ceiling.", "an image of clock that is posted in the air", "A fancy clock that reads, \"The Brown Palace Hotel Denver\"."]
["A child is shown holding a kite in the air.", "A girl flying a kite on the beach.", "A girl is holding a kite on a beach.\n", "a young person running on sand with a kite in hand", "A young girl running along a sandy beach while holding a kite."]
["The man is walking on a very narrow street.", "A narrow city street is dimly lit near a clock.", "A person is walking down an alley way. ", "A person walks a cobbled city street that has a potted plant in the middle.", "A man walking down a dark ally. "]
["A picture of a toaster painted on the side of a building.", "A wall painted in orange with a toaster.", "A picture of a white and black toaster.", "a close up of a toaster painted on a wall", "The toaster oven is painted on the wall of the building. "]
["A baseball player swinging a bat at a ball.", "A Rod's swing looks beautiful, even with his steroid use", "A collage of a baseball player showing the different aspects of him swinging the bat.", "A series of photographs of a baseball player hitting a baseball.", "The baseball player is trying to hit the ball. "]
["A group of women who are laying on a beach.", "There are people sitting on the beach near the ocean.", "Several people are on the beach on towels or chairs", "SEVERAL WOMEN LYING AND SITTING ON THE BEACH", "Some people laying on some sand on towels with an umbrella, in front of water."]
["An overhead scene of a baseball game with bat in upright position.", "A man getting ready to swing at a baseball game.", "A batter holding a bat at the home plate.", "A baseball player gets ready to strike a ball.", "Baseball player standing at home plate waiting on the pitch. "]
["There is a baseball player about to hit the ball", "some baseball players are playing baseball on a field", "A baseball player swinging at a ball that has been pitched to him.", "The professional baseball player is swinging at a ball.", "A baseball player captured swinging at a ball."]
["A bridge and castle by big bin in london.", "A low, green bridge crosses the water into what looks like London.", "The huge structure has a bridge nearby on a cloudy day.", "A view of some buildings over the side of a bridge", "Big Ben is seen near a bridge and other buildings."]
["A professional baseball game with a batter looking up at a fly ball he just hit.", "A player that just swung a bat while playing baseball.", "A stadium full of people watching a batter hit the baseball at a game. ", "People play baseball as an audience watches from the bleachers.", "Baseball players react to a player hitting the ball."]
["some baseball players are playing baseball on a field", "A processional baseball game with a player getting ready to swing a bat.", "A batter ready for a pitch at a baseball game.", "A baseball player is ready to hit a ball at a game.", "A professional baseball game shot of the batter waiting for a pitch. "]
["A man walking across a baseball field with a small child behind him.", "a baseball player walking on a baseball field ", "A young child follows a baseball player across the field.", "A baseball player followed by a small child walking on a baseball field ", "A kid follows a baseball player across an unnaturally green, sunlit field.  "]
["Two pizzas covered in veggies sitting on a table.", "The two pizzas each have broccoli on them.", "a couple of pizzas with some vegetable toppings on it ", "These steamed vegetables are used as a pizza topping", "a couple of pizzas that are next to each other"]
["The young man is eating a hamburger with a pizza folded into it.", "A young man is eating a sandwich with cheese.", "A man taking a big bite out of a pita bread", "a young man holding a sandwhich up to his mouth", "The man is eating a pizza folded in a hamburger bun."]
["A group of people siting around a pizza", "Two men and a woman get ready to eat a pizza smothered with mozzarella cheese and drink glasses of beer. ", "A picture of three people eating some food.", "Three people are enjoying a pizza together at a restaurant.", "three people sitting at a table with a pizza in front of them"]
["Two children sit at a table outdoors with a pizza in front of them.", "A pair of children sit at a table with pizza.", "Two kids sitting at a table outside with pizza on it.", "Two kids are at an outdoor table eating pizza.", "Two children at a table with pizza and plates on it."]
["A person holding a tennis racket and jumping into the air.", "a man with a racket leaps in the air to hit a ball ", "a young boy playing tennis inside a fenced court area", "A man jumping into the air holding a tennis racquet.", "a man that is playing tennis on a court"]
["A woman playing tennis swings a racket overhead.", "A young person jumping in the air to hit a tennis ball during a tennis game.", "A young man makes a big reach for the ball in a game of tennis.", "The man is swinging at a tennis ball.", "A man in a white shirt playing tennis."]
["A man rared back at a tennis ball with a racquet.", "a young man playing tennis on a tennis court ", "a man holding up his tennis racket before the ball gets to him ", "A woman standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A man prepares to hit a tennis ball on a tennis court."]
["Two young people holding tennis racquets on a tennis court.", "A tennis player taking a swing at a ball", "The tennis player serves a volley during a doubles match.", "A man hits a serve during a mixed doubles match.", "College students playing a game of mixed doubles tennis."]
["A man standing on a tennis court holding up a racquet.", "A tennis player swinging a tennis racket at night in a lighted tennis court.", "A tennis player strikes an action pose on the court at night.", "a man leaning a bit while waiting to hit a tennis ball ", "A man in an offensive pose holding a tennis racquet."]
["A woman's feet leave the ground as she swings her tennis racket.", "A girl is swinging a tennis racket outside", "A female tennis player caught in mid swing.", "A WHITE WOMAN WITH A BLUE SHIRT AND A BLACK SKIRT PLAYING TENNIS ", "A women jumping into the air while playing tennis."]
["A pretty young lady holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "a woman reaching up to hit a tennis ball with her racket", "A female tennis player is reaching up to hit the ball.", "A female tennis player reaching to make a serve.", "A tennis player in a striking position that shows her move. "]
["a man sitting in front of a computer holding a camera wearing headphones", "A man one a computer wearing a headset is taking a selfie in a mirror.", "A man with camera, earphones and a laptop", "A man sitting in front of a laptop computer.", "A man in front of a laptop computer wearing a headset and holding a camera."]
["A side view of a ceiling with rows of windows and a clock. ", "A odd shaped window sitting next to a suspended clock.", "A clock hanging in front of an array of diagonal window panes.", "multiple windows shown downward from a big clock ", "A roof and window view has an attached clock."]
["The image is a large building with many clock along the front.", "a yellow taxi riding down a street that has a building with clock", "Yellow taxi speeding by a building with many clocks.", "A car on a city street and a large clock.", "a giant clock with smaller clocks below it, a taxi drives by "]
["A desk with a keyboard, mouse and computer monitor.", "An empty desk chair pushed up to a small computer desk/.", "A keyboard, mouse and computer monitor on a desk with a laptop.", "A table with a computer and desk chair along a wall under a window.", "A computer desk that also has a laptop on it."]
["A man holding a baby with a laptop in front of them. ", "a person using a mouse and laptop on a table", "A man holding a baby is playing on a computer.", "A man holds his baby while using his laptop. ", "A man holding a baby and doing something on a laptop."]
["a person with a base guitar is on a laptop", "A boy is composing music with his keyboard and a guitar.", "Electric guitar player using a musical keyboard and a laptop.", "A person with a guitar hung on their body while playing a keyboard. ", "a man that is playing some music on a keyboard"]
["a laptop besides an alarm clock maroon in color", "The laptop was left open on the desk. ", "A laptop, clock and television sitting on a table. ", "A desk that has a laptop computer on it.", "A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk."]
["A village with a picturesque mountain side view behind it.", "A village sits at the bottom of a tall forested mountain.", "A nice building with some very big mountains behind it.", "A small city is in a valley of high mountains.", "A building that says jackson hole with a mountain behind it"]
["A large clock towers next to a tall building.", "A large clock tower is against the blue sky.", "A large monument with a clock on it.", "A tall big Ben next to a building and a fence.  ", "An ornate clock tower is located in a city's center."]
["a very tall brown structure sitting above a parking lot.", "A red brick school building with a student walking towards the building. ", "A pair of buildings from a very far away view.", "People with backpacks walking around big brown buildings that look like college.", "A cluster of school buildings rise tall in the foreground as students walk to school."]
["A woman sitting down to use a laptop computer.", "a female in a blue top and a black laptop", "Cute girl smiling as she uses her laptop", "A woman sitting on the floor working on a large laptop computer.", "The woman is enjoying ner time at the keyboard."]
["Two Indian students regard the contents of a computer screen", "Two men are working on a computer while standing up.", "A couple of men looking at a laptop computer.", "Two men look down into a computer monitor on a desk.", "The two men collaborate on a workplace project."]
["A vase sitting on a table near a plant.", "A vase  sitting on a table and back lit.", "A tall, dark, glossy vase is placed on a wall ledge.", "A tall glass vase sitting on a table in a room", "A black vase on display with lights in the background."]
["Two teddy bears lie propped up against a wall.", "THER ARE TWO STUFF ANIMALS ON THE TABLE ", "two teddy bears sitting on a chair and wearing costumes ", "A couple of teddy bears sitting next to a bunch of juggling balls.", "Two teddy bears with balloons on a chair "]
["A collection of teddy bears sits on a shelf.", "A pile of many different types of stuffed bears.", "Seven stuffed teddy bears lined up against a wall.", "A large brown teddy bear wearing a crown sitting in the front of several small brown and beige teddy bears.", "The biggest teddy bear amongst the group is wearing a crown."]
["A set of coffee mugs sitting together on a small wooden table near a bedside.", "Two mugs with teabags sit next to a poster and a striped bag.", "Two mugs with tea bags in them near a laptop computer.", "A wooden coffee table topped with a laptop computer.", "Two coffee cups and a laptop on a table near the bed."]
["A group of stuffed animals and guinea pig sitting on a couch. ", "Several stuffed animals are sitting on a bed.", "A guinea pig arranged with a group of small stuffed animals.", "A guinea pig is nestled in between several small stuffed animals.", "The stuffed animals are lined up in a row."]
["THERE ARE PEOPLE THAT ARE ON THE LAP TOPS IN AN OFFICE ", "Two women sitting at a table while on their laptops.", "two people sitting at a desk with laptops", "The two students are using their computers to study.", "people working with their laptops on a wooden table"]
["a couple of teddy bears that has a wine bottle near by", "Some very cute stuffed animals by a big bottle.", "Teddy bears propped up around a bottle of Merlot wine.", "Three teddy bears sit around a bottle of wine.", "A group of stuffed brown teddy bears sitting next to beer."]
["A teddy bear wearing a green Starbucks apron with the text \"BRASIL\" on it.", "A bear in front of a computer screen on a table. ", "a teddy bear in a starbucks uniform sitting in front of a computer monitor ", "A stuffed bear that is wearing a green apron.", "A teddy bear sitting on a table in front of a computer."]
["A brown hamster standing on a hair brush.", "A small fuzzy animal sitting on brushes on a lap", "A small ferret is sitting near brushes on someone's lap.", "A small furry animal sits on a persons lap.", "A hampster sitting on a lap next to a brush."]
["Two men next to each other on their laptops.", "Two men sitting at tables are working on their laptop computers.", "Two people sitting in low light looking at laptop screens.", "Two people are conversing  over some laptops.", "these two guys look like they're on a stage using computers"]
["a small black laptop is on a table", "Two people sitting at a desk on a net book computer.", "A laptop that is sitting on a table.", "A person uses a notebook computer on a table.", "a laptop some people a mouse and some wires"]
["A beautiful woman sitting in a blue chair writing a paper.", "A woman in a green shirt sitting in a blue chair writing on a red desk. ", "A young woman is sitting at a desk and writing with paper and pen.", "Woman with red hair and green shirt writing a letter. ", "A woman is sitting at a table writing. "]
["a bunch of laptops sit on a floor next to a couch ", "Four laptops are all set up to be used in a living room.", "A living room with three laptop computers on the floor and one laptop computer on the couch.", "A couple of laptops that are on the floor and couch.", " bunch of laptops are in a room"]
["A man is playing records in a Dj booth. ", "A dj works with his equipment for the party.", "A DJ with headphones around his neck spinning a record.", "A disc jockey is working with his record player.", "A DJ with earphones around his neck is using the equipment."]
["A white refrigerator next to a counter top.", "The refrigerator is next to a microwave and a dishwasher.", "A white refrigerator freezer sitting next to a dishwasher.", "A small kitchen with white appliances and a laminate counter top.", "This is a bare kitchen with white counters and basic appliances. "]
["A laptop resting on a wooden table near a silver kettle.", "An open laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "a tea kettle a brown mug cup and a laptop", "A laptop is set up on a table with books and tea placed around.", "A table cluttered with items including a laptop, papers, books, and a teapot."]
["A blue brush gliding through beautiful brown hair.", "There is something with spiky looking things on something brown.", "A close up of a hair brush brushing through hair. ", "a close up of a person brushing some red hair ", "A closeup of a brush running through a persons hair"]
["The front and back cover of a book.", "A book about camera phones resting face down and open.", "A book that is opened up showing the front and back cover.", "A photograph of a book about how to use a camera phone.", "A book with the name The Camera Phone book on it."]
["a man wearing a silly mask while using a cell phone ", "a man in a show wearing a big hat", "A man in a red shirt is wearing a fake nose and a yellow hat. ", "A man with a red shirt holding a cell phone with a large orange hat and a costume on his face.", "A person with a cell phone on a street."]
["A couple of kids leaning up against a brown teddy bear.", "Two children sit in the lap of a huge stuffed bear. ", "Two children pose with the large bear together", "two small kids sitting in a lap of a teddy bear", "A boy and a girl are sitting on a person wearing a large bear suit."]
["People dressed in costumes standing in a field.", "A costumed man on a cell phone facing a person in a tiger costume. ", "Man in a tiger suit in front of another man on the phone", "some people wearing costumes and one is on his cellphone", "A crowd of people enjoying a day at the park."]
["The shelves of a store are full of stuffed bears.", "a person standing next to a stuffed animal display in a store.", "There is a display of teddy bears in a store.", "Several shelves with teddy bears on them in a store.", "A person standing next several shelves full of teddy bears."]
["a teddy bear wearing a white shirt and green apron", "A tan teddy bear is wearing a green apron.", "a stuffed animal on a desk with a monitor ", "a teddy bear wearing a green dress representing a country", "A teddy bear wearing a green dress and sitting by a computer screen"]
["Teddy bears dressed as bride and groom are seated at a table.", "Two teddy bears are sitting at a table.", "a couple of stuffed bears are sitting at a table", " bride and groom teddy bears sitting at a table with wine glasses, brochures and napkin in front of them.", "Two teddy bears that are set up to look like they got married."]
["Person looking at video on cell phone in crowded area.", "A woman is taking video of some people on a smart phone.", "a close up of a person operating a cell phone", "A woman takes a picture with her smartphone in a crowded room.", "A group of people are taking photos with their phones."]
["A woman is holding a small child on her back.", "A woman with a child saddled on her back.", "A woman is carrying a child on her back.", "A woman looking towards the camera, carrying her child, along with Santa hats.", "A woman carrying a child on her back is standing across from a building."]
["A white plate topped with steak and eggs and a fruit cup.", "A plate of food with eggs, meat, salad and a fruit cup on it.", "A meal of fried eggs, bacon, fried potatoes and fresh fruit.", "A plate contains a meal of meat, potatoes, eggs and fruit. ", "A plate compiled of eggs, meat, and greens. "]
["a young girl is on her phone outside", "a woman uses a phone as she poses for a picture ", "A girl carrying a backpack and holding a cell phone.", "There is a girl holding a cell phone in her hounds.", "A young woman is holding a cell phone."]
["A kitchen with two microwaves and a toaster.", "Two microwaves stacked on top of each other in a kitchen on a counter.", "A view of a side of a room in the daylight.", "Two microwaves that are stacked on top of each other. ", "A small kitchenette with a toaster and microwave."]
["A young girl posing on a chair with a cell phone", "a girl sitting down and holding a cell phone.", "A little girl sitting in a chair holding a phone.", "A young girl sitting in a wicker chair with her legs crossed and holding an item in one of her hands.", "Girl sitting in chair with shiny object in right hand."]
["A young woman relaxes while checking her smartphone.", "A very cute girl laying down on her stomach.", "there is a young girl laying down using a phone", "A girl uses her smartphone while lying down forwards.", "A woman laying down with her feet up and a phone in her hand. "]
["A plain kitchen with white and wood decor.", "The white refrigerator is next to a microwave on the kitchen counter. ", "A kitchen with wooden countertops and a large, white, refrigerator.", "A close up look at a very big white fridge and some cabinets.", "A close view of kitchen cabinets and drawers."]
["A refrigerator with a lot of stains on it. ", "a black and white photo of an old refrigerator", "A white refrigerator in a very small kitchen.", "A somewhat dirty, older-looking two-door (top and bottom) refrigerator", "Black and white photograph of a refrigerator in kitchen."]
["The blender is set on the refrigerator near two baskets.", "there is a white blender on top of this fridge", "White blender sitting on top of a refrigerator next to a wooden basket.", "The blender is sitting on top of the refrigerator.", "a refridgerator with a blender and basket sitting on top "]
["Two guys walking as look at their cellphones.", "Two men walking down a street while using cell phones.", "Two men walking down the sidewalk while looking at their phones.", "Two people that are walking down the street together.", "Two men walking while looking down at their phones."]
["A woman in a suit using a smart phone.", "A woman doing something with her cell phone", "Woman looking at the digital screen on her digital camera.", "a woman sitting while looking down at her cell phone", "a person using an electronic device in a dark background"]
["A group of women are standing together on the wall in the background while a man stands alone near them.", "Six people wearing the same tshirt are standing inside a room.", "A group of people are standing outdoors hanging out with one another. ", "A boy stands in front of a group of girls.", "six teenage girls hanging out on a wall while a boy stands alone looking down"]
["People dancing and hanging out talking looking at their phones.", "some people and the male is wearing a gray shirt ", "several teens in a concrete area one looks as though he is preparing to dance \n", "A group of teenagers standing by a graffiti'd wall.", "A young man looking at his feet with four pretty women in the background."]
["I am unable to see the image above.", "Kids leaning against the wall looking at their phones.", "A group of teens wearing the same gray shirt leaning on a wall looking at their phones.", "A group of young people leaning up against a wall.", "kids leaning up against a wall with graffiti and texting."]
["A person singing into a microphone while holding a cell phone.", "Girl singing into a microphone holding up a cell phone.", "A person singing into a microphone while holding up a cell phone.", "A person with something in their mouth while holding a cell phone.", "A blurry photo of a child holding a cell phone."]
["a young female walking at night smoking and talking on her mobile phone", "A woman in a black leather coat smokes a cigarette and talks on the phone.", "a woman is talking on a cellphone outside", "A woman holding a cellphone up to her ear in a street.", "The person is smoking and talking on the phone."]
["a man outside a clothing shop taking a video", "a man with a hat and eye glasses holding a cell phone", "There is a man wearing a cowboy hat taking picture in front of a store", "A man is taking a picture of himself.", "MAN IN HAT AND GLASSES TAKING A SELFIE IN FRONT OF A STORE WINDOW"]
["Three people standing near each other holding cell phones", "Three people standing together with two of them looking at their phones. ", "Several people are standing around using their cell phones.", "A man wearing girl jeans standing in from of two men exchanging something.", "some people standing in a group while looking at their cell phones "]
["A woman kneeling down over a storm drain near a street.", "A girl holding a cellphone squatting down on the corner of a street.", "a lady on the street holding a phone ", "A woman in a black hoodie crouched on street corner with a cellphone.", "A woman crouched on the corner sidewalk using a cell phone "]
["A group of people and a girl holding a cell phone.", "Two people in a group with one holding up a phone.", "a woman holds up a cell phone in a crowd", "A woman shows off her cell phone at a gathering of tourists. ", "Young people with cameras taking pictures of themselves."]
["A group of people standing around each other near a tent.", "A man and woman who are smiling holding a cellphone.", "The people are taking a selfie together with a cell phone. ", "A couple takes a self portrait on a cell phone.", "fTwo people take a \"selfie\" at an outdoor fair event."]
["A man holding a camera standing in a crowd.", "A bunch of people gather with cameras an video recorders. The man is taking a picture with his phone.", "close up of a person with a white hat operating a device", "A man is looking at his phone holding a pink bag.", "a group of people taking photos and recording at an outdoor press conference"]
["A smiling man in a brown shirt sitting in a table. ", "a man is leaning against a table smiling", "A young man smiling and having a beverage. ", "A young man posing for a picture at the bar.", "A smiling young man rests with his elbow on a bar."]
["A man talking on a cell phone while walking down a street.", "A man with a cell phone on a city sidewalk.", "A man with a cell phone to his ear walking down a sidewalk.", "The back of a man walking on a sidewalk while holding a cell phone to his ear.", "A man walking down a street with a cell phone up to his ear.  "]
["A person with a tank top and green headband standing with a crowd of people and looking down at a cellular phone.", "A young man in a crowd of people texting.", "A person holding a cell phone near some other people.", "A man in white and green jersey looking at a cellphone.", "A man dressed in workout clothes using a cell phone."]
["Six different cellphones on a white textured surface.", "A row of different types of cell phones.", "a bunch of cell phones line up next to each other ", "Five cell phones, arranged in order from oldest to newest.", "a bunch of cell phones lined up next to each other "]
["A man in a jacket and hat stands near a street sign.", "An officer standing on the sidewalk reading something.", "a man that is standing up next to a street sign", "a policeman on a street trees and a black white and red sign", "a police officer by a sign using his cell phone"]
["A man with long hair making a piece sign.", "Man with ponytail looking at phone while holding up a peace sign with two fingers.", " a ponytailed man with a beard flashing a peace sign whole he looks down at his phone", "A man in a jacket making a peace sign and taking his picture with a cell phone.", "A bearded man beside a woman flashing a peace sign."]
["A table with a plate of food and cups of liquid.", "The recipe ingredients are sitting by the book,", "There are books, a pitcher of beer, a hard boiled egg in a glass cup, and a sandwich on a white plate, along with a fork and knife, on the table.", "Bread in plate along with measuring cups with liquid and books on a table.", "a table covered with books, a sandwich, egg and a liquid in a cup"]
["A small stove is shown with pots and pans.", "A small kitchen area with a stove and an oven that has pots on top of it", "a small black and white stove with two pots on it ", "A kitchen stove top with pots and pants on top of it.", "Two pots sitting on a burner in a small personal kitchen."]
["A few people in a kitchen preparing a table and checking food in an oven.", "A group of three women sitting and standing around a kitchen.", "Three women in a kitchen at a table full of food.", "Some people gathered in a small kitchen with a little round table.", "Three young ladies are sitting at a table, while the other is in the fridge. "]
["A room filled with different types of items all around.\n", "A stove top oven with multiple compartments sitting in a kitchen.", "This is a high tech stove that has many compartment and drawers", "A kitchen scene with focus on an old fashioned oven.", "a silver oven a silver sink and a black stove"]
["A photo of an old style white oven.", "A kitchen has two white ovens next to each other.", "Two ovens next to a plastic bucket and trash container.", "An old fashioned oven and stove combination appliance.", "A couple of white ranges, sitting alongside the wall."]
["A man standing in a kitchen next to an oven.", "A man is standing in a kitchen with brick ovens.", "A man stands near a wood fired oven.", "A cook stands in a kitchen outside a flaming oven. ", "A man stands in a large pizza kitchen."]
["A man walking near a building with a brick wall next to a table covered in pizza.", "a man is taking some food out of a large brick oven", "A man arranging pizzas in a brick oven.", "A man making pizza in a wood-fired oven.", "A man is working a pizza in a pizza oven"]
["A woman wearing a net on her head holding a box in a kitchen. ", "A lady is in a kitchen with a hair net on her head", "A woman in a hair net in a bakery holding a box.", "there is a older woman chef in a kitchen of a restaurant ", "A person with a box standing in a room."]
["A kitchen with a large white refrigerator freezer covered in paper and magnets.", "A cluttered kitchen with wood cabinets is filled with schedules, utensils and appliances.  ", "A kitchen that is full of utensils and supplies.", "The stove and the refrigerator are in the kitchen.", "a white fridge cover with a lot of paperwork "]
["Pulling out a white partition on a small device.", "A person holds a curved object near a metal object.", "Someone holds a part next to a metal refrigerator.", "A person holding onto a strange refrigerator handle", "A handle detached from a stainless steel refrigerator."]
["A kitchen with stainless steel appliances and wood cabinets ", "This kitchen has light stained wood cabinets and stainless steel appliances.", "The small kitchen has stainless steel appliances and wood cabinets.", "A kitchen with refrigerator, stove, and cabinets in it.", "a kitchen that has a stove and a ice box in it"]
["A man stands beside a refrigerator in a kitchen.", "A man in a Mets shirt standing next to a white refrigerator.", "A man is standing in a transformed garage which includes all of the kitchen amenities.", "A man stands next to a refrigerator in a garage area.", "A man standing by a refrigerator holding out his shorts while smiling."]
["a parking lot with a refrigerator and a speaker on the floor", "Inside picture of warehouse handicapped parking space with pieces of furniture and boxes.", "A handicap zone is designated in a storage facility.", "Several pieces of furniture are in an empty parking area.", "A nearly empty warehouse with a disabled  parking sign"]
["A giant pair of scissors hangs over the heads of the bicyclists.", "People with yellow vests standing by a scissor mobile", "A group of bicyclists with \"Running with Scissors\" moto.", "A group of people gathering for a bike race.", "A group of people wearing yellow vests are on bikes."]
["A man giving a little boy a hair cut.", "An Asian man is looking at his son to see if there are bruises on his face.", "A boy is getting a haircut at a barbershop.", "A boy gets his hair cut by a man.", "A barber holding scissors looking at a boys head."]
["A teddy bear sits among a stereo system and a number of records.", "A cluttered shelf with a stereo, book and a teddy bear.", "A view of a teddy bear sitting in a chair in a play room. ", "The stuffed teddy bear is underneath a stereo system. ", "A cluttered bookshelf with children's books and a teddybear. "]
["A woman combing her hair with a brush outside at night", "A woman in a coat outside brushing her hair.", "A woman is shown holding a hairbrush outside. ", "A woman is holding a brush and brushing her hair .", "A pretty smiling lady holding something in the dark."]
["A muffin sitting on a plate next to a mug.", "A muffin on a plate next to a large mug.", "a table that has a muffin and some drink on it", "A plate with a muffin next to a coffee cup on a table.", "a close up of a muffin on a plate on a table "]
["The old alarm clock does not have digital parts.", "A metal alarm clock sitting on to of a table.", "A close up of an older model bell style alarm clock on a table", "An alarm clock sits on top of a magazine. ", "A black and white picture of an old fashioned bell alarm clock."]
["A glass container with different compartments filled with food.", "A serving dish with four compartments containing a bagel, a hard boiled egg, bacon and fruit.", "An organized lunchbox with partitions, filled with healthy food.", "A breakfast tray with fruit, bacon. eggs, and a bagel.", "Fruit, bacon, boiled egg, and a bagel with cream cheese. "]
["A stuffed pink teddy bear laying next to a doll in a dress.", "A baby doll laying next to a tiny teddy bear.", "The small doll has a small pink stuffed animal near it.", "an image of a stuffed animal and a doll\n", "A doll next to a small stuffed bear on colorful cloth"]
["An old fashioned picture has a smiling baby with a teddy bear.", "A baby sitting on a chair holding a teddy bear.", "a black and white portrait of a baby laughing at a teddy bear.", "a baby and a bear play on a sofa", "Picture of infant in white outfit holding a teddy bear smiling nicely"]
["A little girl sits on a chair holding a teddy bear.", "A small girl holding a teddy bear on a chair", "Small girl sitting in a chair with a teddy bear.", "A young child sits holding a stuffed bear.", "A little girl in a rocking chair holding a teddy bear."]
["A large clock mounted to the front of a building.", "A couple of clocks showing different time zones on the outside of a building.", "A clock tower in Geneva with the clock being analog.", "A black and white photo of a geneva clock on a building", "A dramatic angled black and white shot features a large clock."]
["An old clock tower captured on a partly cloudy day ", "A large clock tower stands against a bright, clear sky.", "The Big Ben clock tower towering in a blue cloud covered sky.", "A large steeple with a clock on the front ", "an image of a clock on a tower high in the air"]
["A clock with statues on either side of it under a white sky.", "Ornate sculpted artwork with clock displayed against white background.", "The blue and gold clock has sculptures around it. ", "A blue and gold clock in the middle of a sculpture. ", "A large statue of roman people and lions with a blue and gold clock in the middle."]
["The large clock tower can be seen down the street.", "a large building with a clock tower at top.", "A clock tower in the background of a city street.", "People are walking down a sidewalk with cars lining the streets at a traffic light. ", "A street that has a clock tower at the end of it."]
["Various colored vases with black and white photographs on wall.", "Colorful vases and black and white portraits in an art gallery.", "A set of colorful vases sitting on top of a white table.", "Colorful vases on white table on display, in front of black and white photo of man possibly in martial art exercise.", "A collection of brightly colored vases sits in front of a series of 3 black and white photos."]
["A vase full of flowers sits on a counter.", "Roses in a vase in a home setting.", "A tall glass vase of flowers on a table.", "A vase filled with a few purple flowers.", "Red flowers sitting in a clear glass vase."]
["A vase filled with water and flowers sitting on a table.", "Red berried plants have been placed in clear vases.", "A vase of seasonal berries is reflected in a mirror.", "Clear vases of red berry plants on a flat surface \n", "A vase with red berries and green stems."]
["a couple of vases that are on some kind of mat", "Two vases with paintings on them sitting on display.", "Two decorative old vases in the museum display.", "two vases depicting a design of people painted on them", "Two large vases with paintings on the side of them."]
["An orange and white flower grows from a bulb in a flower pot.", "A flower in a pot on a table.\n", "A red flower sticking out of a vase on top of a table.", "an upclose picture of a large flower that has bloomed in a pot", "A large flower that is placed in a vase."]
["A fireplace mantel with a vase full of flowers on it.", "A white mantle holding a glass vase with brown vegetation.", "A vase holding flowers is sitting on the shelf.", "some yellow flowers are in a glass vase", "A large glass vase on a shelf with yellow flowers"]
["A white cutting board with a triangle piece of orange on it.", "A triangular section of an orange next to a pair of scissors.", "A cutting board and scissors with a triangular blood orange section.", "A piece of grapefruit on a cutting board with scissors. ", "A small fruit is sitting on a cutting board next to scissors."]
["A guy with a scissors cutting the cast off the arm of another guy.", "A man cutting a cast off another person with scissors.", "A guy cutting off another guy's cast from his arm.", "Three guys are having fun, looking away from the camera. ", "One man cutting the cast off another man's arm."]
["A black pen is laying on top of a red pair of scissors.", "A pair of scissors and a pen are on the counter.", "Scissors and a pen laying on a triangle pattered surface.", "A pair of red handled scissors with a black pen laying on them.", "a pair of scissors and a disposable pen on a triangle pattern surface."]
["A couple pairs of scissors and a person sitting.", "Some scissors and pliers that are on a table together.", "A black leather mat with pliers and scissors on it.", "A woman using yarn scissors and needle nose pliers for her project.", "A pair of scissors and pliers sit on a surface."]
["A stuffed teddy bear sitting on top of a cloth bag.", "A teddy bear dressed as a pumpkin laying on a bag.", "A stuffed teddy bear in a pumpkin costume. ", "a stuffed animal in a pumpkin costume ", "A stuffed bear wearing a orange pumpkin outfit."]
["a close up of a young child using a pair of scissors", "A young boy cutting paper with kid's scissors.", "A young child is holding a scissor and cutting a paper. ", "A young boy cutting a piece of paper with scissors.", "A young boy cutting paper with crinkle scissors"]
["a nurse watching a newborn baby hooked up to tubes", "A female looking at a baby that is attached to an endotracheal tube and a breathing circuit in addition to two ventilators in the background; a Sensor Medics Oscillator and a Drager Babylog ventilator.", "A person is looking at a baby with a breathing apparatus.  ", "A baby with breathing assistance strapped to its face in a hospital.", "A baby is on a breathing machine at the hospital."]
["a frying pan with an egg that has a double yolk ", "A black frying pan filled with eggs, bacon and tomatoes.", "Skillet with two eggs, tomato, and bacon on stove", "A frying pan with bacon, eggs, and tomatoes.", "Fried eggs tomatoes and bacon on a pan."]
["A tray topped with three tin trays filled with food.", "A red tray with aluminum tins of food.", "Tray full of various food including eggs and rice.", "Cafeteria food on a plastic tray includes meat and rice", "A plate of \"food\" has rice, some sauce, and curd."]
["A tray of food with an asian entree, rice, vegetables and a drink.", "Food sits out on tray, with rice and sauce.", "A variety of food in containers sit on a tray.", "Food and drinks  sitting on a blue tray ", "Meal with rice and drinks on table with legs"]
["A woman is seen eating at an outdoor table with a bowl of soup and a roll and a beer in the foreground in front of her.", "A person is eating near a beer glass, a bowl, and a plate with a roll on it.", "A meal of soup, bread, and beer on the table.", "Food and beverages set on a table with a woman eating in the background.", "A bowl of soup with a bread roll next to it."]
["Food and beverage sitting atop a white table top.", "A picture of food and drink sitting on a table.", "A white plate with food on top of it.", "A soup, an entree and a drink are on a table.", "A light lunch of casserole, soup and a cola on a white counter."]
["A group of chefs preparing food inside of a kitchen.", "Three women interacting as they prepare meals in a kitchen.", "A woman talking to two chefs in a kitchen with plates of food on a counter.", "Three women in a kitchen making plates of food.", "A woman is reviewing an order with two others."]
["two females wearing white are making food in a kitchen", "Two chefs preparing cakes with plates on the table", "Two young women dressed as chefs, with latex gloves on and preparing what looks like desserts on small white plates. ", "A couple of chefs cooking food inside of a kitchen.", "Two chefs are making dessert for a restaurant. "]
["Man in black shirt sits in restaurant with desert and wine in front of him. ", "A man sitting at a table getting ready to eat desert. ", "A man seeing his desert in a bowl on a plate.", "A man admiring a frothy concoction he will eat.", "A man sitting at a table in front of a frothy item."]
["A kid sitting at a table with a metal plate filled with food.", "A little boy sitting at the table with food.", "A child holds two forks at the table.", "A little boy holding two forks while eating a meal.", "The boy is playing with two forks at the table."]
["There are many people sitting at the table eating together", "A group of people gathered around a table with food on their plates.", "Group of people sitting around a table full of food.", "a table full of people with plates of food and drinks", "The group is enjoying a lovely ham dinner at home around the large dinner table."]
["A person pouring a glass of wine for a woman.", "A group of people are drinking wine together.", "A woman accepts a wine pour at a festival.", "A woman is poured a glass of wine.", "A man and a woman holding glasses at a wine tasting."]
["A woman pouring wine into glasses on a wooden table.", "A woman in purple coat pouring glass of wine.", "A woman standing behind a bar pours a glass of wine.", "Lady pouring several glasses of wine on a wooden table.", "A middle aged lady pouring some wine into a wine glass."]
["Two older individuals enjoying a glass of wine.", "A man and a woman look like they are arm wrestling outdoors. ", "A man standing next to a woman holding a purse.", "An older couple is sipping wine on an outdoor patio.", "A man and a woman drinking water in the open."]
["Two very attractive women enjoy a glass of white wine.", "A woman and her friend sitting on a table drinking wine.", "Two women sitting at a table looking at another person with a shocked look.", "Two women sitting at a table looking towards the head of it with a glass of wine in front of one", "Two women sit at a table with wine glasses and papers."]
["there are many glasses of whine sitting at a bar", "Several wine glasses are stacked next to each other. ", "Glasses of liquor are sitting on a bar.", "Several different glasses of wine are setting on the table,", "Four glasses of wine sitting on a bar are half filled."]
["A very long table filled with glasses in a dark room.", "a table with many cups of drinks and cadles", "A table is set with drinks in clear glasses and candles while people sit at a table in the background.", "A table of candles and glasses sitting out on a table.", "a table with glasses candles and silverware and lights"]
["A little girl is feeding a giraffe at the zoo.", "A giraffe licks a girl who is giving it food.", "A girl is getting licked by a giraffe in an enclosure.", "a close up of a child feeding a giraffe ", "A girl leaning on a railing feeding a giraffe."]
["Two people sitting and laying on top of a park bench.", "Two people are lounging on an outdoor bench.", "A picture of four people in a park of all different ages.", "A man and woman sit on a park bench.", "A man laying on a bench and a woman next to him touching his face."]
["A woman in vintage clothing carrying an umbrella", "A woman wearing a pink dress holding an umbrella.", "A woman wears a costume pink dress with a parasol.", "A woman in an old fasioned costume with a parasol.", "The person sits with an open umbrella in a pink dress."]
["woman in long, light red dress with orange umbrella.", "a lady in a long pink dress with a matching umbrella", "a woman is standing outside with an umbrella", "A woman wearing a red flowing dress is standing under a red unbrella.", "a woman in a dress and a umbrella "]
["A black and a white woman standing under an umbrella", "two people walking on a street sharing an umbrella", "Two women sharing an umbrella as they walk down a street.", "Two women walking down the street under their umbrella.", "Two women standing under an umbrella having a conversation."]
["A young woman stands by the post with a pink umbrella.", "A woman in a white shirt and jeans holds a pink umbrella in the rain. ", "Woman under a pink umbrella in the city rain", "A young lady is using her umbrella to avoid getting rained on. ", "a woman standing on the sidewalk holding onto a pink umbrella"]
["A woman is walking with a blue umbrella.", "A woman holds an umbrella on a rainy day", "A woman with a brown cardigan and a blue umbrella.", "A woman holding a blue umbrella with a scarf around her neck.", "A woman carrying a blue umbrella walks down a street."]
["A young couple sharing an umbrella in pouring rain.", "Two people are walking in the rain with an umbrella. ", "A man walking next to a woman in the rain.", "A couple is walking under an umbrella in the rain.", "A couple of people on a street under a umbrella."]
["A crowd of bikers driving down a street next to tall buildings.", "The motorbikes, each with two riders, are headed into the Asian city.", "A large group of people riding motorcycles on a road", "A city street crowded with people riding motorcycles", "A lot of people riding small motorcycles in a city."]
["A man that is sitting at a keyboard.", "A man reads music while playing an electric keyboard.", "The person is reading music and playing a keyboard.", "a guy sitting at an organ playing music", "A MAN IS PLAYING AN ELECTRONIC INSTRUMENT USING SHEET MUSIC"]
["A kitchen with metallic appliances and a trash can.", "a kitchen with a sink a coffee maker and a microwave", "There is a kitchen with tile floors, dark cabinets, and stainless steel appliances.", "A small kitchen with a sink, mini fridge, coffee maker and a microwave. ", "A small kitchen has a light over the sink."]
["A bathroom located off of a dirty kitchen", "newspapers on the wall. a separate sink and private toilet area with a door", "BROWN TOILET IN A TINY BATHROOM CUBBY HOLE", "Everything in the room is white except for the yellow toilet.", "A bathroom area with a toilet, sink and window."]
["Two people preparing a meal in a kitchen.", "A man and a woman standing in a kitchen preparing food.", "Man and a woman standing inside of a kitchen area. ", "Two people are preparing a meal in the kitchen.", "A man and woman standing in a kitchen making food."]
["A kitchen with two shiny counter tops next to a  wall mounted oven..", "A big white, yellow and grey kitchen with a stainless steel oven and microwave and sink.", "In the kitchen sink are some fresh cut flowers.", "There are cut flowers in the sink and in vases in this yellow kitchen.", "A kitchen with yellow flowers and fruit on the counter."]
["a kitchen with a fridge, stove and sink", "White stove and cabinets with a refrigerator in the kitchen. ", "A white refrigerator freezer sitting next to a  stove top oven.", "a kitchen wit ha refrigerator a sink and a window", "A kitchen with a refrigerator, stove and sink."]
["A group of people riding up a ski lift.", "A ski lift full of skiers going up a mountain.", "Four people going up a hill in a ski lift.", "Several people are riding a ski slope seats.", "A group of people who are riding a ski lift to the top of a hill."]
["Two skiiers kneeling in the snow by an orange flag.", "Two men kneeling in the snow but one has his skis on. ", "Men in the snow after skiing behind a sign ", "A few people on skis are putting up a snow fence.", "Two skiers kneel down in the snow next to a sign. "]
["The microwave and the stove have the same design.", "Looking at the matching oven and in wall microwave.", "An unadorned kitchen view of counter, cabinets, stove, and microwave.", "A clean and empty stove and kitchen counter", "A kitchen that has a stove and a microwave."]
["An old photo of a small family kitchen.", "Plants grow near the window of a residential kitchen. ", "a kitchen with a sink cupboards and a large window", "An old-fashioned picture filter features a kitchen with some plants.", "Black and white photo of a kitchen counter and window."]
["A silver spoon sitting on top of an unknown surface.", "a spoon handle lays on a table top ", "some type of fancy silverwares handle with a white background", "A part of a silver utensil on a gray surface.", "The handle of some type of silverware "]
["a bunch of people in a kitchen getting food ready", "Several men are cooking in a commercial kitchen.", "Chefs working in a commercial kitchen preparing food. ", "Chefs are preparing food in a busy kitchen.", "A group of chefs prepare food in a restaurant kitchen."]
["older man standing in his kitchen reads book.", "A man is flipping through a magazine in his kitchen", "A man standing in the kitchen reading a magazine.", "The old man is looking through the book in his kitchen.", "An old man is reading a book in the room."]
["A woman in a trench coat playing with her kite", "A man is flying  a kite near some steps", "A man is standing near a bunch of brightly colored flowers.", "a person standing with multiple kites tied together", "A man flying a kite on top of a cement park."]
["A group of people in suits standing in a kitchen.", "A group of waiters standing in a line. ", "Some men and women in white shirts and bow ties standing in a row.", "Line of men and three woman standing in front of a kitchen.", "five restaurant wait staff and two mangers "]
["Two people riding different colored horses down a dirty road.", "Two people riding horses along  a trail", "Two people riding horses along a scenic trail.", "A woman in orange and a woman in pink riding horses. ", "Two helmeted riders proceed down a dirt path on horseback."]
["A person riding on the back of a horse up some steps.", "Someone riding a horse up some stairs. ", "there is a construction worker that is riding a horse", "A woman in an orange vest and blue helmet riding a horse up a flight of stairs.", "A person wearing a safety vest rides a horse up the staircase."]
["The woman stands near the stove near a baby chair on the ground. ", "Woman preparing food within neat and clean kitchen.", "A woman is in the kitchen while her baby is sleeping.", "A woman is cooking on a stove near a baby seat.", "A woman standing by the stove with a baby in a bouncer seat."]
["The woman stands cooking at a pot over a fire.", "A woman stirring a pot over a fire.", "a woman uses a pot which sits over an open fire ", "The woman is stirring the pot over the fire.", "A woman is cooking over an open flame in the cabin"]
["A couple of girls walking up the side of a vehicle.", "Two small girls wearing uniforms at a mobile food truck.", "Two young girls dressed in school uniforms and berets, standing on the side of a vending cart.", "Two kids standing in front of a counter together.", "TWO YOUNG GIRLS ARE STANDING ON THE TIRE WELL OF A FOOD TRUCK"]
["A place mat is displaying an ornate glass along with a bottle of liquor.", "A glass next to a bottle on a table", "THER IS A WINE THAT IS SITTING ON THE TABLE ", "A glass of campaign sitting on a table, ready to be served.", "A bottle of wine sitting next to a wine glass"]
["Many people are together in the kitchen. ", "The family is very busy in the kitchen.", "a whole bunch of people cooking and doing different things in the kitchen", "Several people in a kitchen talking and listening. ", "Many people are busy together in a messy kitchen."]
["A gas stove next to a stainless steel kitchen sink and countertop.", "A kitchen stove, sink, and counter with stuff on it.", "A kitchen with a stove, sink, and drying area. ", "This is a kitchen with dishes and a silver sink.", "A kitchen with a stove, sick, and dishes"]
["A very nice coffee mug with lots of writing.", "A coffee cup has labels showing different amounts. ", "The large coffee mug has designs inside and outside of the cup.", "A coffee cup with clever graphics on the inside.", "A coffee cup with lots of weird things painted on its inside."]
["In the foreground of the picture there are couples riding on motorcycles on a city street", "Motorcyclists riding down the street in a city.", "A group of bikers riding down a busy city street", "A city street with many motorcycles and taxis", "A convoy of motorcyclists riding through city streets."]
["A little girl cutting up food on a  cutting board.", "The little girl is cutting up the fruit at the table. ", "A little girl holds a knife next to a cutting board.", "A very young girl with a knife cutting something on a board.", "A child with a knife cuts a food item."]
["A table and a clock in a small room.", "There is a space saver, table and clock in the room.", "Part of a dining room with a china hutch.", "A old fashioned colonial dining room hutch and an anniversary clock on a shelf on the wall.", "A wooden cabinet with glass doors is beside a table."]
["A blue bike parked next to a tree in a planter.", "The cat is laying in the dirt at the base of the tree.", "A cat sitting under a tree next to a bike.", "Cat siting by tree on street by a parked bike", "There is a blue bike parked next to a tree on a sidewalk."]
["A bathroom is shown with a mirror, sink, and shower.", "a bath room with a sink and a mirror ", "The white sink is next the shower in the small bathroom.", "A clean bathroom is displayed in this image.", "A white bathroom sink sitting underneath a bathroom mirror."]
["A woman riding a bike past a store.", "a bicyclist rides by a store window with lamps in the shape of rabbits", "A person riding a bike past a store front.", "A woman on a bicycle passes through a shopping store.", "A woman is riding her bike alongside a busy street."]
["A row of bicycles parked on the sidewalk.", "A lot of bikes parked next to each other on a sidewalk.", "A PARKING STAND WITH CYCLES AND A DOG NEARBY.", "A line of bicycles parked beside a brick sidewalk.", "There are many bikes parked in a public place"]
["A bike parked in front of a store with a basket.", "A woman's bicycle parked in between two mopeds out front of a building. ", "A bicycle parked in between several scooters in front of a store.", "A bicycle parked next to a motorized sitting scooter.", "The old-fashioned pink bike has a basket on it."]
["a tub toilet sink and medicine cabinet and door", "The bathroom has a sink, toilet and shower in it. ", "A bathroom with a toilet, sink, tub, shower head and cabinet.", "There is a toilet and a bath tub that us in the room", "a bath room with a toilet a bath tub and a sink"]
["A white bath tub sitting under a window next to a toilet.", "a bathroom with a bathtub, shower curtain and toilet", "a doorway view of a bathtub and toilet", "A dirty bathroom with a tub and window. ", "a bathroom with a shower curtain, a tub and a window with blinds"]
["A baby standing next to a  toilet with it's lid down.", "A toddler is standing very close to a toilet and has one hand on the lid.", "the baby is standing in the bathroom by the toilet", "A little kid holding on to a toilet in a bathroom", "A baby standing beside a toilet drums on the seat."]
["The small bathroom has an old bathtub in it.", "A bathroom that has a tub, toilet and sink.", "Black and white photograph of an old bathroom with a sink, toilet and tub", "Dark dingy bathroom with a full white tub. ", "A dirty bathtub that is in a bathroom."]
["A toilet with the seat down in a tiled room. ", "A bathroom with tile on the floor and walls with a dirty toilet. ", "A toilet is in a white room with brown spots.", "There is a dirty toilet that is in the facility", "A bathroom with a white toilet and a dirty floor. "]
["A peson riding a bike down a long narrow road.", "A man is riding a bike down a road.", "A person riding a bicycle down a road with trees.", "A person rides a bike down the road.", "This is an image of a person riding a bicycle"]
["A bathroom sink below a well lit mirror.", "A bathroom is shown with hanging light bulbs.", "A contempo bathroom includes style yet lacks consistent flow.", "A well lit bathroom with sink and walls and door.", "A sink covered with wooden lining on a corner of a room"]
["A group of people riding on bikes down a street.", "Many people are riding motorbikes through this busy street.", "Motorcycle, bicycle and bus traffic in an oriental city", "A group of people riding bikes on the street.", "a bunch of people on bikes ride through a city street "]
["The bathroom is structured like they are old buildings.", "A bathroom vanity with double sinks and mirrors.", "Two mirrors in a bathroom with two sinks. ", "a bathroom decorated with wooden windows and black counter tops", "Tall light displayed on wall in bathroom area."]
["The unfinished room has tools and construction materials scattered about.  ", "a bucket of paint some tools and an unfinished wall", "Room being remodeled and lots of tools on the floor.", "a half painted and unfinished room with tools on the floor", "A bucket of paint sits next to a wall with an unfinished paint job."]
["A white sink with a duck, booth paste and necklace on top of it.", "A bathroom sink with a rubber duck, hairspray, toothpaste, and a necklace. ", "A white sink has a rubber duck in the corner.", "A bathroom sink is surrounded by toiletries and rubber duckies. ", "A white sink that has a necklace, a rubber ducky, toothpaste and some beauty items laying around them."]
["a man standing in a bathroom looking into a mirror", "A man looks into the mirror as he styles his hair.", "A man standing in a bathroom in front of a mirror.", "young man looking a different image of himself in the mirror", "Unusual photograph depicting adult man in residential bathroom. "]
["An outside doorway to a restroom showing a destroyed wall and damaged floor.", "A doorway  looking into a demolished bathroom", "A doorway leading into a delapitated wall in a room.", "A bathroom with walls that are falling down and a toilet.", "A broken door frame showing a a bathroom with a cement floor and a broken back wall"]
["A small bathroom with a white toilet and tan tile.", "An open door reveals a white toilet and black cabinet.", "A  toilet, toilet paper and tile floor and walls. ", "A toilet and toilet paper in a bathroom.", "looking through an open door at a bathroom with a toilet"]
["White counter top sink with wooden cabinets and a mirror. ", "A very clean bathroom vanity with dark wood cabinetry.", "A white sink with dark brown cabinetry is in a green bathroom.", "A nice clean bathroom with a marble counter sink.", "A small bathroom with a dark cabinet and mirror."]
["a small bathroom with a mirror and sink", "A tile wall in a bathroom below a mirror.", "A tiled mosaic empty shower stall with bathroom mirror.", "The mirror is showing the reflection of the bathroom sink", "A sink with tile on the wall near it and green paint on the wall"]
["a couple of cats that are inside of a car", "Two cats sitting in a car on the passenger seat.", "A grey cat looks out a car window.", "Two cats sitting in the front passenger seat of a car", "a pair of cats riding inside a car"]
["Several animals walking on a road with cars behind them. ", "A man ridding a horse herding cattle down a road as automobiles follow.", "a man riding a horse walking his herd of cows down the middle of the road", "A herd of cows traveling down the street.", "Cattle are being herded down a rural road."]
["A remote control sitting on a dash of a car.", "A remote sitting on the dashboard of a car", "There's a remote control attached to a car dashboard", "A remote control of some sort on a car dashboard.", "A remote control on the dashboard of a car."]
["A blue motorcycle is parked on the street next to a truck.", "A blue motorcycle parked in front of a white truck.", "A blue motorcycle that is parked on the street.", "A motorcycle is parked in front of a truck.", "A motorcycle is parked on cobblestones near a Ford truck."]
["A toilet and urinal side by side in a bathroom.", "Tall urinal next to toilet with no tank in public bathroom.", "A urinal and a toilet basin in a washroom", "A wall mounted urinal next to a white toilet.", "A urinal next to a toilet in a dark-tiled bathroom."]
["A girl in white shirt painting a black umbrella.", "Girl painting bunny on umbrella in library area", "a lady in a pink shirt drawing a bunny on a umbrella.", "A girl is painting a bunny on a black umbrella.", "a girl painting a rabbit on an umbrella  "]
["an image of a toilet that is sitting outside", "A bicycle and a toilet sitting in front of a brick building.", "A toilet sitting on the street against a brick wall. ", "A bike is parked against a brick wall just around the corner from a white toilet.", "A pavement on which there is a bicycle and a toilet."]
["A library is ready for summer reading along the bookcases.", "A kids section  at a library filled with books.", "A fun kid's display is set up at the library", "A book store with a display up for summer reading.", "A colorful display is set up for a school book fair."]
["A man that has his near a toilet seat.", "A white toilet with a person leaving over it.", "a man is in the bathroom flushing the toilet", "a man that is bent over touching a toilet", "A man who is flushing a toilet in the bathroom."]
["Several young boys sitting in the library using laptops. ", "Kids sit in a library working with laptops.", "Young men in a classroom each with his own laptop open.", "A group of children sitting in chairs and desk using laptops.", "Kids sitting on the chairs working on their laptops at school. "]
["A group of teenagers working on computers with adults behind them.", "A man and a woman overlook two boys using laptops.", "Two kids sitting at a table in front of laptops with two adults behind them smiling. ", "a group of people posing fora photo together ", "Students and teachers posing at laptops in a library."]
["A blue cake with yellow stars around it.", "a 50 year birthday cake depicting a toilet ", "A birthday cake that is on a platter.", "Blue cake with icing in the shape of a toilet on top. ", "A picture of someone's 50th birthday cake  that has a toilet on top."]
["A toilet that is covered in some filth, and some filth on the ground.", "a bathroom with a toilet that has some blood on it ", "A toilet with blood on it and on the floor.", "A small bathroom with stains on toilet and floor.", "A dirty bathroom  with brown liquid on the floor and toilet. "]
["A double decker bus driving while it snows.", "Snowy city street with red, double decker bus", "A double deck bus is headed down a snowy road.", "Snowy city with a bus moving on the street", "A double-decker bus makes its way down a snowy street."]
["A man riding on the back of a motorcycle down a street.", "A man is riding on a motor scooter across the blacktop.", "There is a heavy set man that is riding a moped", "A person on a motor bike on a street.", "A man is riding a small motorcycle through the parking lot"]
["A very cute cat sitting on a toilet.", "A cat is sitting on the closed toilet seat. ", "A cat is sitting on a toilet seat in a bathroom", "A cat that is sitting on a toilet seat.", "Cat sitting on toilet with tiled walls and decor"]
["A bunch of toilets sit on display with green tags.", "Several toilets sit side by side with tags on them.", "A group of white toilet sitting next to each other.", "A group of white toilets in a room that look for sale. ", "Three toilets in a room with stickers on two of the toilets. "]
["A person gets ready to indulge in drinking a shake and eating a slice of cheesecake.", "Ready with spoon in hand for a colorful dessert.", "A person's holding a spoon near a plate of dessert", "a plate of food on a table next to a drink", "A person that is eating some food on a table."]
["a line of motorcycles that are next to a road", "There is a motorcycle sitting in the grass.", "Several motorcycles lined up parked on the grass with people walking around.", "Several people with motorcycles are attending an event.", "A red and black motorcycle with people in the background."]
["A white toilet sitting next to a white bath tub.", "A marble wall is next to a tub and a toilet stands near the tub.", "A bathroom with a boilet and marble enclosed shower stall.", "A bathroom filled with bathroom furniture and decor. ", "An all White bathroom with a bathtub and a toliet."]
["A white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a wall.", "A run down bathroom with a toilet and a squeegee. ", "A bathroom with a toilet mop bucket and squeegee in it. ", "A barren bathroom with bucket, toilet and white walls.", "An old, dirty bathroom contains a mop, bucket and a filthy toilet."]
["A clock is high up on the side of the tower wall.", "A tall clock tower is shown with a clear blue sky is in the backgroujf.", "A clock tower sits atop a brick building. ", "a clock tower at 2:15 PM in the afternoon.", "An ornate clocktower with a golden clock face."]
["a cup with toothbrushes and toothpaste and some soap", "A cup full of toothbrushes and tooth paste.", "Two dishes, one with soap and shells and another with toothpaste and toothbrushes, sit on a toilet.", "Assortment of shells and soaps displayed on commode with dental care products.", "A toilet tank lid with a bowl of soaps and seashells and a cup of toothbrushes and toothpaste."]
["A white open toilet seat with signatures sitting amongst posters.", "Several posters on the wall behind a toilet seat.", "A toilet seat signed by two people and posters around it.", "A toilet seat cover raised with a number of signs posted on the wall behind it.", "a toilet seat surroundsed by different signs "]
["A mans reflection in a side view mirror.", "there is a man looking in the side view mirror of a motorcycle", "A mans reflection that is on the side of a bike.", "a person looking at self in motorcycle mirror, has shades.", "A man looking at himself in a mirror attached to a motorcycle."]
["A large number of motorcycles parked along side each other in a row.", "A row of motorcycles sits next to a street where cars drive.", "A black and white image of many motorcycles parked in a line.", "A row of parked motorcycles sitting side by side.", "A long line of motorcycles on the side of the road."]
["A bathroom has a light above the toilet.", "A white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a bath tub.", "a photograph of a bathroom with a blue wall", "The bathroom is clean and crisp with a blue wall. ", "A small plain looking bathroom that is in someone's house. "]
["A couple of people that are sitting on mopeds.", "a street that has some motorcycles going down it", "A city street with multiple shops and people riding motorcycles.", "People on motorbikes driving down the road in a city.", "A few people on motor scooters riding down a street."]
["There is a white toilet with red tiled floors", "A white toilet in a bathroom with a white tile wall and a brown tile floor.", "A modern half flush toilet in a tiled bathroom", "A small bathroom with tiles appears clean and organized. ", "The toilet is bright white against the terra cotta tile."]
["A guy is riding on a motorcycle on a dirt track. ", "A guy on a motorcycle riding on a dirt track.", "A man riding a dirt bike on top of a racing track.", "Someone riding their dirt bike in a field", "A man is on a dirt bike practicing for his upcoming race."]
["a toilet that has some bubbles coming out of it", "A toilet with cleaning bubbles filling the bowl.", "cleaning a toilet with bubbles and plungers ", "A white toilet with a foamy bowl next to a window.", "a toilet with soap suds in it "]
["A man riding a motorcycle across a lush green park.", "People riding motorcycles in the grass near a tree.", "Guys riding motorcycles through the path in the park", "A person in uniform riding a motorcycle next to a grassy field.", "Men riding on motorcycles with their helmets on through a park. "]
["A gang of bikers driving down a rural country road.", "A gang of bikers ride down a street on motorcycles.", "A large group of motorcycle riders drive on a narrow road.", "A bunch of biker dudes begin led by one on a orange bike.", "Some motorcyclists are driving down an empty road"]
["A couple of people on motor bikes on a dirt road.", "Two people in protective gear riding dirt bikes.", "Two young motor bike riders compete on a muddy road", "Two riders on dirt bikes in full safety gear.", "a pair of men with eye glasses and hats riding motorcycles"]
["A motorcycle parked next to an office desk.", "a motorcycle is sitting in a room with a table", "A picture of a full size motorcycle in an office. ", "A motorcycle beside office cubicles in a building.", "a motorcycle sitting sitting in an office next to some desks "]
["A man riding a motorcycle with a brown long horn bull behind him.", "A big cow and a bunch of people on a crowded street.", "A man on a motorcycle in heavy traffic ", "A man riding a motorcycle with a cow behind him on a crowded street. ", "A man rides a motorcycle through a crowded street"]
["a computer on a desk surrounded by papers", "A desktop computer sitting on top of a desk.", "An office desk with a computer turned on and a telephone and papers.", "Computer and monitor on messy desk with lots of stuff.", "A computer that is turned on with piles of paper to the side"]
["A man sits at a desk and uses a laptop on it", "A man works with computers and peripherals at a desk.", "A man sitting at a computer desk with two laptop computers.", "A desk with a man working on a 2 laptops.", "There is a man working on a laptop."]
["A man riding on the back of a motorcycle down a road.", "A man is riding a motorcycle down the street.", "A man riding on a motorcycle pass the woods. ", "a man wearing all black driving a black and burgundy motorcycle ", "a person riding down a street on a motor cycle "]
["A tall wooden pole with a Mcdonald's sign posted to it.", "Street corner in a small town at twilight.", "A street sign sits at an intersection near a store.", "These two traffic lights are red to indicate that traffic must stop.", "A sign pointing towards a McDonald's is posted on a traffic light pole."]
["Two cats seen from behind sitting by a window on a carpet.", "A couple of cats sitting on the ground.", "Two cats looking out a window sitting on striped rug\n", "Two cats sitting behind a window on top of a bed.", "Two cats sitting on a rug looking out of a window."]
["A military motorcycle is parked behind a van on a street way.", "A picture of a motorcycle and a car.", "A motorcycle with United States Marine Corp markings.", "A motorcycle is parked on the side of the road.", "An green army motorcycle parked behind a van."]
["Several pieces of art and a painting on display", "An office desk with antiques underneath a beautiful painting.", "The room has a portrait of a lady on the wall and a clock and a few vases can be seen.   ", "A room with decorations on a shelf and a painting on the wall.", "Some highly cultural objects on display in this well lit room."]
["Two men riding mopeds, one with a woman and boy riding along.", "A man rides a motorbike along with a woman and young child. ", "People are riding electric scooters down the road. ", "A man is on a small scooter with a child.", "A pair of men riding scooters travelling down a street."]
["a man riding a small motorcycle in the bustling streets", "Asian guy on a moped and smoking a cigarette.", "a man is riding on a scooter outside", "A man riding an old moped while smoking.", "a man with a long messenger bag sits on a scooter"]
["A group of people eating at tables under umbrellas in front of a restaurant.", "Many people are sitting outside of a local restaurant. ", "some people are sitting outside in chairs with umbrellas", "People sitting at tables outside of a restaurant. ", "people sitting at table outside a restaurant "]
["A decorative space with yellow ceramics and a vase of flowers.", "two golden swans with a huge display of flowers", "A flower arrangement in between two fake geese.", "A large arrangement of flowers is between two swan statues.", "A couple of swans sitting next to a vase filled with flowers."]
["A man in a uniform standing on a motorcycle in front of a crowd.", "Police officer standing on a motorcycle while driving it", "A policeman is standing on his motorcycle and being watched by a crowd.", "A police man standing on tip of his motorcycle.", "The cop was standing on his bike for fun."]
["A man is riding with a box on the back of his bike.", "A motorcycle on the road has a basket on the back.", "A motorcycle on the road carrying a large box.", "A delivery motorcyclist travels swiftly down the road.", "a man driving a motorcycle down the road with a box tied to the back of it"]
["A cat looking inside of a door from the outside.", "A cat in a field looking inside a barn.", "A cat looking inside of a barn door.", "A cat is at an opening between two doors.", "A black and white picture of a cat in a barn doorway."]
["An adorable cat attempts to hide in a purse to steal the persons identity.", "A little kitten is stuffed into a woman's purse.", "A captioned image of a small cat hiding in a purse.", "A cat sits in the bottom of a purse with text at the bottom.", "A cat laying in a purse with a funny saying."]
["Two women and children are on a motorcycle.", "Two adult women and two young children riding on a motorcycle. ", "Two women and two children on a green motorcycle.", "Women with children riding motorcycle on busy street.", "There are two woman on a motorcycle with two children."]
["A motorcycle parked next to each other near people..", "This Suzuki bike is one of the fastest of its size", "people standing in front of a line of motorcycles", "Some people are staring at a yellow Suzuki motorcycle that's parked.", "a motorcycle parked near other bikes and people near by"]
["A dog sitting on the floor in a room.", "A television screen is on and a dog is sitting in front of it. ", "A dog sitting on the floor watching a television.", "a dog looking at something on a tv", "a dog sitting in the living room while watching a tv monitor"]
["A dog standing by a television in a room.", "Small white dog standing on its back legs watching a television.", "A dog watching another dog on a television at home", "A small dog on its hind legs looking at a television", "A flat screen TV sitting on top of a shelf in a living room."]
["A group of fighter jets sitting on an airport tarmac.", "Tails of military jets sitting on the tarmac.", "Several military jets are lined up on a tarmac.", "Several military jet airplanes parked at an airport.", "some planes in camouflage colors are landed on concrete"]
["A jetliner flying above in a light blue sky.", "Red, white and blue plane flying in a clear blue sky.", "A passenger airplane flying in the clear blue sky.", "A red, white, and blue airplane is flying in the sky.", "A jet airplane flies in a clear blue sky"]
["a jet airplane sitting on a runway next to a building", "There is an airplane on the runway in the distance.", "A plane traveling down a run way, near the highway.", "this is an airplane sitting on the runway", "A huge commercial airplane goes down the landing strip."]
["A group of five jets flying through the sky.", "A group of jets are flying in formation.", "a group of fighter jets fly through the air", "there are six jets flying in formation ", "The jets are flying very close to each other in the sky."]
["A passenger jet that is flying in the sky.", "A sun setting over a city horizon with a plane going by.", "A large jet flying next to the sun in a cloudy sky.", "Skyline with rising moon and a plane in the distance.", "A plane flying over a city past a sunset in the air."]
["two red white purple and blue jets and buildings ", "The two airplanes are parked in the airport.", "a couple of large planes are on a runway", "Two large white commercial airliners on an airport runway.", "Large jet airplanes parked at an airport waiting for passengers."]
["A large passenger jet sitting on top of an airport tarmac.", "A TAM jumbo jet lies dormant on a runway", "A large airplane parked on the airport tarmac.", "a passenger airplane at an airport with a car", "A photo of a jumbo jet airplane on the tarmac."]
["a jetblue plane sits on the tarmac at an airport", "The huge twin engine airliner has blue paint on it's tail. ", "Two airplanes are on a runway and facing in opposite directions.", "A large jetliner sitting on top of an airport runway.", "White commuter airplane with blue tail on an airport runway. "]
["A vintage airplane with a nazi sign on the tail.", "The single engine old airplane has a propeller on the front of it. ", "An old airplane that is parked on a grassy field. ", "A small biplane is painted with a swastika. ", "a bi plane with a nazi flag on the tail"]
["Several airplanes are parked neatly in a row.", "A group of three jetliners sitting on top of an airport tarmac.", "The three airplanes are parked together on the runway at the airport. ", "Several commercial jets lined up at the gates at an airport.", "some red and white jets parked and lined up at an airport"]
["A group of people standing in front of an airplane.", "Group of people posing together in front of an airplane. ", "Group of Air Force men and women in front of an aircraft carrier", "A large group of people, some in uniform, pose in front of a airplane.", "A group of people are posing by an air force plane."]
["Three kites in the air with many umbrellas on a beach", "an image of a kite flying high in the air", "Three colorful kites fly high above a beach with a radio controlled model plane.", "A crowded beach with giant kites flying over head.", "Colorful kites flying above a beach scene of sand and umbrellas."]
["A passenger jet that is pulled in next to the terminal.", "An orange, blue and white airplane sits in  airport runway ", "A passenger jet is sitting on the black top by the airport.", "A commercial airplane sitting in an airport runway.", "An airplane parked at an airport parking spot."]
["a large plane is taking off near a field", "an airplane racing down a runway about to take off", "An airplane taking off with tall mountains in the background.", "A jet airplane on a runway with a field of tall grass in the foreground and mountains behind.", "An airplane taking off from an airport runway."]
["Giant statues of cows and a Ghana airplane", "a group of inflatable items sitting on the floor ", "The plane  is inflatable  and cows ", "a toy plane next to some cow figures", "A toy plane and several types of toy animals."]
["A airplane in the sky with a bear on the wing.", "An airplane passenger has photographed the wing out their window.", "Looking out at a airborne vehicle at the clouds and the wing.", "A wine of an airplane with a picture of a bear on it.", "a tail of a large airplane in the sky"]
["A large jetliner flying over a tall building in the sky.", "A plane flying in a clear blue sky above a building.", "A large plane is flying in the sky", "A plane looks quite small flying above the building. ", "a jet flying high in the sky and a building and windows"]
["A rather portly woman crosses a city crosswalk", "a lady crosses a street as cars drive in the distance ", "A woman crossing a street in a cross walk.", "a woman wearing a blue dress is crossing a street", "A woman is walking across the street near a traffic light."]
["A big commercial plane flying in cloudy skies.", "A jumbo jet plane flying through the air in a cloud filled sky.", "A Lufthansa airlines jet is flying through the air.", "A white airplane flying on a cloudy day", "A white airplane flying high in the sky"]
["A large passenger jet flying through a cloudy sky.", "An airplane in the sky with all the landing gear deployed.", "A jet flies across the center of a photo on a cloudy day.", "A large jumbo jet flies through a cloudy sky.", "A jet airliner flying with a cloudy sky in the background."]
["The plane is flying through a clear blue sky.  ", "A white American Eagle plane flying in the sky.", "An american eagle commercial plane flying in the sky", "A commercial airplane flies through the sky to its destination. ", "A passenger jet flies during daytime in the sky."]
["Jet flying in the sky among the clouds.", "A large commercial plane flying in cloudy skies.", "A passenger jet in the air with gear down.", "A large white airplane flying to it's destination.", "A jumbo jet taking off  into the sky with its landing gear still extended."]
["A woman holding a microphone stands in front of two giraffe.", "A reporter taking to a camera with giraffes standing in the background.", "A woman with microphone standing in front of two giraffes.", "A woman stands in front of a pair of giraffes.", "A woman speaking into a microphone in front of giraffes."]
["The giraffe eats from a reachable limb of the tree.", "A giraffe putting its face near a tree with high leaves.", "a giraffe eating while in a habitat ", "A GIRAFEE IS STANDNG IN THE DEN AT THE ZOO ", "A giraffe has its mouth on a tree branch. "]
["An evening city scene with blurred images of cars driving by", "A view of a deserted street from high above.", "An empty street has the lights reflecting off of it.", "Time lapse view of city street on a rainy night.", "Street lamps illuminate a rain-soaked road in the city."]
["an airplane is getting ready to be loaded with passengers ", "An airplane is parked at an airport under a blue sky.", "A airport with a large plane getting ready to take off", "A jetliner parked on an airport tarmac next to a passenger loading terminal.", "An airplane is parked in the middle of a sandy runway."]
["A giraffe is looking at the camera with a smirk on it's face.", "A giraffe with a big head and large ears.", "a close up of a giraffes face against a white background", "A giraffe standing in front of a beige wall.", "A closeup of a giraffe's face that looks like he's smiling "]
["An overview picture of a street at night.", "A busy street intersection illuminated by streetlights and signs.", "A street camera showing an empty street in the nighttime. ", "The city streets are dark and deserted at night.", "a night view of a street with lights from cars"]
["A mother and baby giraffe leaning against a wall", "an image of a group of giraffes at the zoo", "A baby giraffe walking beside an adult giraffe next to a wall.", "An adult giraffe and a baby giraffe walking against a wall. ", "A tall giraffe standing next to a baby giraffe."]
["A giraffe stand in front of large rocks and looks at a tree.", "a small giraffe that is next to some rocks", "A giraffe is standing in the shade by a pile of rocks.", "Giraffe standing on a rocky surface in front of a cave.", "A giraffe is standing in an animal enclosure."]
["A car stopped at a traffic light with it's brake lights on.", "A car stopped at the front of the stop light. ", "A car sitting at a stop light at dusk.", "The a car that is stopped at a red light at an intersection", "The backend of a car with a large sticker in the rear window."]
["a zebra a giraffe and some birds by some water", "Birds rest on the back of a zebra while it and a giraffe goes for a drink", "A giraffe and zebra sharing a watering hole", "A giraffe and zebra are drinking at a pool of water.", "A zebra by some water has two birds on its back."]
["A runway for airplane with one dual propellor plane parked on the runway and a person walking away from the plane.", "A small passenger plane is loading some passengers luggage onto it.", "there is a plane on the runway in the mountain lands", "A man is walking down a wet tarmac, away from the jet.", "An airplane sitting at a cold runway being unloaded."]
["This is a view of mountains of a airplane.", "A jet flying over a coastal mountain area.", "View of ground and wing looking outside of airplane window. ", "An airplane wing visible in an aerial image of a mountain range.", "A photo taking inside an airplane looking out. "]
["A green bench sitting in front of a building.", "A green bench for passengers waiting for the train to sit", "A bench is next to a sign in the subway.", "A green bench sits directly under the Princeton Junction sign.", "Large sign at a bus stop on a darkened street."]
["A wet road with lots of cars driving over it.", "A lighted building and bricked street at night.", "traffic going by so fast it is like a blur ", "A nighttime view of a building with the lights blurred.", "A city street at night catching traffic in motion."]
["Many planes are arranged in a large building.", "a couple of big airplanes that are in a tunnel", "An airplane museum has many different models to view.", "A large room has many different planes displayed.", "The large hanger has a large number of different airplanes on display."]
["A hand holding a carrot feeding a giraffe under a tent", "Someone feeding the giraffe their treat under a tent", "A giraffe is eating a carrot out of someone's hand.", "A hand is feeding a carrot to a giraffe.", "A giraffe with its tongue out, being hand fed a carrot. "]
["A giraffe stretching outs its tongue to get a carrot being held out by a woman.", "A giraffe eats from a woman's hand at a fair. ", "A lady feeds a giraffe in a circus tent.", "A woman is feeding the giraffe who is leaning over the fence.", "A lady feeding a giraffe in some tent setting."]
["A woman feeding a giraffe under a tent. ", "a woman is feeding a carrot to a giraffe", "A woman in a hat is feeding a giraffe carrots.", "A group of people standing near a giraffe.", "There are many people that are feeding a giraffe"]
["Two giraffe snuggling each other's neck on a field.", "Two giraffes necking in the middle of a field", "Two giraffes standing in the sand near trees. ", "Two giraffes playing with one another in an open field. ", "Two giraffes stand closely with their heads close together."]
["A close up image of a giraffes face while eating. ", "a close up of a giraffe eating a stick", "A giraffe is photographed chewing on some grass", "A giraffe is chewing a small thin twig.", "a close-up of a giraffe's head near a corrugated steel wall"]
["A red car traveling down a road under construction.", "A red car traveling down a street next to a sidewalk sign.", "A red car stopped at a traffic light.", "A street with vehicles, pedestrians and detour equipment. ", "A red car drives by a construction zone."]
["A large white sheep cake sitting on top of a foil plate.", "A fiftieth birthday cake with a sheep on it", "A birthday cake in the shape of a sheep standing in grass.", "A birthday cake is shaped like a sheep.", "A cake shaped like a sheep for a 50th birthday."]
["A custom cake featuring a fisherman for a man's 65th birthday. ", "A birthday cake made to look like a man on a pier fishing.", "a fathers birthday cake with a pond and sheep on the hill", "The birthday cake is in the shape of a hill with a fisherman sitting on it.", "The birthday cake for a 65 year old. "]
["A group of animals such as sheeps are walking together on the grass", "Heard of sheep standing on edge of hill looking at camera", "flock of sheep on a prarie with the rest of the heard.", "A herd of sheep coming over the top of the hill.", "A herd of sheep are standing together facing forward for a group photo."]
["A crow sitting on the top of a bench", "A bird sitting on a park bench with a shadow filled area.", "This bird waited all day to get a seat on the bench.", "A bird is sitting on a bench near a tree.  ", "The bird is sitting on the abandoned bench."]
["A street sign saying S. Gay st while a traffic light is yellow.", "a street light that is hanging by a sign", "A stoplight with a road sign on it ", "There is a traffic light next to the street sign.", "A street sign is hanging next to a traffic light."]
["Three traffic lights are shown and they all read red.", "A picture of a building from across the street. ", "there are three traffic lights at an intersection ", "This is an intersection with L shaped lights.", "A street where every single street light is red. "]
["A commercial air plane taking off from the runway strip.", "a big commuter plane gets ready to land", "a large air plane flying in the air near many power poles", "A plane flying low over some electric poles.", "Airliner taking off over field of landing lights."]
["There is a very large white plane at the airport", "A large white airplane in a stationary position.", "An Asiana Airlines plane taxiing at an airport.", "A man waves next to a large plane in an airport", "A red, yellow, blue and white plane parked on concrete."]
["a large air plane flying in the air", "A passenger plane is flying among light clouds.", "A very large aircraft is taking off into the sky.", "a jumbo jet makes its way through the sky", "A jetliner flying against a blue sky with clouds"]
["A lot of people that have some animals.", "Giraffes reach up to visit with some tourists.", "People overlooking giraffes at a nature preserve from a platform.", "A group of people are on a platform above giraffes.", "A group of people feeding several giraffes outside "]
["A cat sitting on a wooden bench outside.", "The cat is enjoying a nap on the bench.", "A cat sleeping at the end of a bench.", "A cat sitting on a brown bench looking forward. ", "a close up of a cat sitting on a bench"]
["An adult giraffe standing in a field of tall grass.", "A giraffe is standing in the middle of a field.", "a giraffe stands all alone in a field", "Large giraffe roams in the lush green vegetation.", " Giraffes in distance in tall grass on the savannah "]
["A United Airlines plane is preparing for take off.", "A United Airlines plane on the airport runway, taking off.", "a United airlines plane landing or taking off at an airport", "an airplane is at the airport on the runway taking off", "There is a airplane on that is on a runway."]
["An airplane on a large field stand on the ground. ", "A very big commercial plane on the runway.", "A commercial plane that is close to the runway.", "The plane is lifting off of the runway. ", "An white airplane taking off of a runway."]
["A passenger plane that is parked on the runway.", "A photo of a man looking out a window at a jet plane.", "a large air plane at a terminal ", "An airplane is parked at the gate of an airport. ", "A man looks out the window while at the airport."]
["Fancy traffic light with arrows and a mirror.", "a really weird stop sign with arrows on it", "An interesting traffic light with a round mirror.", "A mirror near a traffic light shows a mini van and a car.", "Close up of a traffic light with a mirror view of cars. "]
["a couple of large planes are flying through the air", "Two planes are flying in an open sky.", "Two jet liners flying right next to each other.", "Two planes that are flying in the sky.", "Two airplanes flying in the sky one on top of the other."]
["An airplane flying through the clouds in the sky. ", "an airplane in the sky obscured by clouds", "An airplane ascends through a cloud into a blue sky.", "The passenger airplane appears to be a part of the clouds.", "A airplane flying high in and above the clouds."]
["An up close picture of a giraffe and his face and long neck that is reaching over a wooden fence.", "A close up of a giraffe standing inside a fenced enclosure.", "A giraffe is posing close to the camera in its enclosure.", "A giraffe standing next to a wooden fence.", "a giraffe looking over the top of a wooden fence"]
["A large jumbo jet is flying above trees.", "A jet is taking off in a clear blue sky.", "A large white jet airliner flying over trees.", "an air plane flying thru the air with trees in the background", "AN AIRPLANE IS COMING INTO THE CITY LANDING "]
["A truck stopped at an intersection where construction barriers are up.", "A truck driving past a road barricade under a traffic light.", "This photo is at the stop light showing a row of cars in front.", "Roadway repairs are necessary and do hamper traffic flow.", "a yellow light is hanging above a city street"]
["A commercial airplane ascending in to the sky", "An airplane flying high in the blue skies ", "A jet airliner is in the air with a cloudy grey sky.", "A passenger jet in flight on a cloudless day.", "A large jetliner flying through the sky filled with fog."]
["A plane makes a landing at an airport.", "A plane flies low over a barbed wire fence", "an airplane is taking off from the runway", "a silver blue and red jet is flying over a fence ", "AIRPLANE APPEARING TO BE TAKING OFF OR LANDING"]
["A large green airplane has it's landing gear down.", "A green passenger jet is flying over a street light.", "There is a plane tacking off from an airport", "A passenger jet that is flying in the air.", "A large passenger jet flying through a  blue sky."]
["A bus window with finger writing on it.", "A steamed up window with rain drops near a blue seat.", "A finger painting on a foggy car window.", "A wet window has a drawing on it.", "A window of a car with rain going down the window"]
["People are feeding a giraffe in an enclosure.", "A giraffe sticking out its tongue towards two people outside its pen ", "People feeding a giraffe with a long tongue at the zoo", "A man reaches out to feed a giraffe", "Two people reaching towards a giraffe and feeding it."]
["there is two picture of a giraffe in the wild", "A couple of photos of a giraffe standing next to a tall green tree.", "Two pictures of a giraffe in a small field.", "A giraffe is in the trees on grass by a gazebo.", "Two different pictures of a giraffe at the zoo."]
["a red and yellow bus is parked some people and cars on a street", "a black car getting ready to  pass a red bus", "on the road with many vehicles moving against each other", "Picture of road with cars along edge and bus parked on side", "A red metro bus stopped beside a sidewalk in the city as traffic passes."]
["A car and a bus are merging into traffic together", "A bus merging with oncoming traffic on the street", "An overhead winter view of an intersection has a bus and a car.", "A street with a bus, cars and people on the sidewalk.", "A bus and a car driving down a street."]
["a giraffe standing on grass crooks its neck ", "a close up of a giraffe in a field with bushes", "A giraffe looking to its side while standing outside. ", "A giraffe is standing outside in the grass near trees.", "A giraffe with its head turned to the side in a park."]
["A mirror reflecting a crowd of different people.", "Car mirror reflecting a group of people sitting on boat.", "A mirror with a group of people in the reflection.", "A reflection of a mirror showing people on a bus.", "A mirror on a bus features a cluster of people wearing jackets."]
["A herd of giraffe and long horned goats laying in a zoo.", "A group of giraffe lie next to lounging goat.", "A group of gazelle and giraffes laying in the dirt.", "an image of a herd of giraffes sitting on the ground", "Five giraffes with other animals near a rock wall."]
["A picture of a man sitting in a train.", "An elderly passenger seated inside a colorful train car.", "The back of a man's head is shown on the bus.", "A man in a suit sits alone on a bus.", "A man is sitting down on the inside of the train.  "]
["a large field full of sheep out in the outdoors", "A group of animals standing in the grass.", "very many sheep on the field near some houses", "A herd of sheep standing on top of a lush green field.", "A pasture with sheep in front of a large home "]
["A group of giraffe eating food from a tree.", "A group of giraffes feeding next to a tree in a caged area. \n ", "Several giraffes are eating in a zoo giraffe enclosure.", "Group of giraffes investigating some edible greenery by a fence.", "Several giraffes eating leaves from a stand by a tree "]
["A group of giraffes eating a plant from a hanging basket.", "a number of giraffes at a food dispenser ", "A group of giraffes are reaching up for food.", "Three giraffes eating in a courtyard of a zoo.\n", "A bunch of zebras eating a plant hanging from a tree"]
["A mountain area with rocks and grass, and a large ram standing in the grass.", "A wooly ram standing on the side of a mountain.", "A sheep stands on the hillside with rocks.", "A ram stands alone in grass between large rocks.", "A fur sheep or ram standing on a hillside grazing"]
["Multiple city buses parked in a storage area. ", "A group of buses lined up in a garage.", "A line of commuter buses at an indoor bus barn", "To transit buses parked on the side of the road", "Buses lined up at indoor facility in metropolitan area."]
["A woman sits alone reading a book on a metal bench outside.", "a woman sitting on a bench reading a book", "a young woman sitting on a bench and reading a book", "A girl reads her book on a bench. ", "a lady reading a book sitting on a bench"]
["a busy street with people a red double decked bus and a clock tower", "The Big Ben clock tower towering over the city of London.", "a large gothic architectural clock tower in a big city", "A view of the Big Ben Clock tower with a tour bus riding by.", "A clock tower near a busy city street."]
["Three children sitting in a row reading books.", "A few kids reading some books in a library.", "Three children sit on a bench while reading books. ", "a couple of young kids are reading books ", "Three children are seated next to each other and reading books."]
["A giraffe stands in front of a verdant, lush group of trees. ", "The neck and head of a giraffe in front of trees.", "A brown and white giraffe stands against a background of trees.", "A giraffes head sticking up next to various trees.", "The young giraffe is standing in front of some trees."]
["a baby giraffe stands in a grass field ", "A baby giraffe is standing on green grass looking straight ahead.", "A kid giraffe standing in the grass while looking. ", "a single giraffe stands tall in field of bright green grass", "A young giraffe standing in an open field."]
["A giraffe walking across a dirt and grass field.", "A baby giraffe is walking around his zoo exhibit", "a small giraffe that is walking down a path", "A baby giraffe inside of a fence ", "A giraffe walking in a fenced enclosure with grass and rocks."]
["A pair of men wearing waders stand in shallow water.", "a couple of men that are standing in some water next to a bench", "Two men are standing in a body of water near a bench. ", "Two men standing knee deep in water surrounded by trees.", "A couple of men in wading overalls standing by an overflowed park bench."]
["A street with street lights and palm trees. ", "A tall building with palm trees on the right side of it.", "An abandoned street in front of a building.", "a traffic light above a street near a building", "A street corner has a street light in front of a tall blue building."]
["A giraffe standing next to a tree in front of another giraffe.", "A giraffe is close up with puffy cheeks.", "A close up of a giraffes face with another in the background.", "A giraffe's head is shown at close range.", "Head photograph of giraffe head, level with giraffe, another giraffe's body in back ground and white bovine animal in back ground, on clay ground."]
["There's a crossing sign that shows you can't make left turns", "A busy intersection with construction barrels and fences.", "A street with various cars next to barriers and traffic lights.", "No left turns are allowed at this barricaded road intersection.", "A Do Not turn (left) sign at the scene of a construction site. "]
["A herd of giraffe walking through a lush grass covered field.", "A herd of giraffe are moving through an open field.", "Several giraffes are standing in a grassy plain.", "animals on a grassy path going toward the wind on a chase for food", "A group of several giraffes young and old are at a standstill."]
["A tall giraffe standing next to a tree stump.", "A giraffe standing in its enclosure at the zoo", "Two giraffes stand outside of a large building.", "A giraffe standing next to a tree stump.", "two giraffes in their pen and a tan building"]
["A red building standing against a grey sky.", "A multi-purpose traffic signal / street sign structure positioned along the street.", "An intersection with a stoplight has an orange building in the background.", "A traffic light and street sign in a city.", "A traffic light with a street sign in front of a large orange building."]
["A parking lot has many school buses parked in it.", "Many large yellow buses parked in a lot.", "A row of yellow color buses are standing on the roadside. ", "Several school buses parked in a parking lot.", "A bus yard filled with lots of yellow school buses."]
["cars wait at red light at an intersection by mountains", "An intersection with a stoplight and snowy mountains in the background.", "Traffic light is red with two vehicles on other side in the distance.", "There are cars driving down a icy street", "Red traffic signal on street with snow covered mountains in the distance."]
["A group of cars on a city a street.", "a few cars that are stopped by some lights", "a few vehicles stopped at a traffic light", "Lot of cars parked at a Red light PENIS", "A street filled with traffic in front of a traffic light."]
["A forest with many tall trees all around.", "A place with rows of trees and 2-3 benches for resting.", "A scene of a wooded area with a bench in the background.", "A shady forest with benches and no people.", "Park benches sit underneath tall trees in a forest."]
["A person is on a bench near a grassy field.", "There are benches on the landing where one can sit and enjoy the view of the  wooded surroundings", "The person sitting on a bench is visible through many bare trees.", "A person sitting on a bench next to another bench and some trees.", "Two park benches with one man sitting in woods."]
["a close up of a giraffe behind a fence ", "A giraffe looking to the side in a zoo", "a small giraffe is behind wires in dirt field with Egyptian sculptures ", "The young giraffe is standing near the fence.", "An animal that is looking at a tree around some dirt."]
["A row of wooden benches sitting under a covering.", "a couple of wooden benched at a station", "Seats in the middle of an empty train platform.", "The benches are there so people can sit while they're waiting for their ride", "Benches on platform at train station in evening photo."]
["A bus that is colored in the colors of the Canadian flag.", "A bus in Canada traveling along a mountainous terrain.", "A red and white bus on large wheels with mountains in the background.", "a red and white bus with big wheels and ice explorer written on the side", "This  red and white bus is parked on the road."]
["A wooden bench covered with pots and containers of plants.", "A group of potted plants on a wooden bench in a garden.", "A group of plants that are sitting on a bench.", "a bench with succulents arranged on it in a garden", "A wooden bench with potted plants on top"]
["A couple of long horn sheep standing next to trees.", "The rams are on the mountain together looking on the hill", "Mountain goats in alpine area with snow near water.", "The ram is in the snow eating some pine trees.", "A ram that is walking on some snow."]
["A goat with very long horns standing in front of a tree.", "A ram with large curved horns standing alone.", "The animal has very large horns on its head. ", "A close up of a brown sheep with large horns", "a ram standing outside in an forested area"]
["A girl and boy playing on a fire hydrant.", "Two young children laughing as they play on a fire hydrant.", "A young girl climbing on a painted fire hydrant", "Two kids playing on a yellow fire hydrant.", "Two children are playing on a fire hydrant."]
["A bus riding pass a tower with a crane attached to it. ", "There is a red bus near a crane.", "A large red and white bus on a road.", "A bus underneath a large crane at a factory", "The city bus is traveling down the road."]
["A yellow fire hydrant sits by the side of the road.", "A yellow fire hydrant is located on a street.", "A yellow fire hydrant sits on the sidewalk. ", "A yellow fire hydrant overlooking the city street.", "A yellow fire hydrant on the side of the road."]
["The fire hydrant next to plants is painted silver. ", "A metal fire hydrant on the ground by bushes.", "A fire hydrant that is sitting in the grass.", "A fire department put a fire extinguiser in a park.", "A white fire hydrant that is starting to rust."]
["A blue and orange bus on street next to buildings.", "A man standing in the open doorway of a bus.", "There is a blue, orange and black bus picking up passengers", "A man with a green shirt boarding a blue and orange bus across the street from apartment buildings. ", "A big blue city bus in the middle of the street."]
["A herd of sheep standing on top of dry grass in a pen.", "There are three sheep standing in the pen. ", "Three lambs standing near each other in a penned in area", "Black-faced sheep stand together in a pen lined with wood shaving.", "A few shaved sheep with tags in their ears in a stall."]
["A red fire hydrant next to a snow covered path.", "There are several inches of snow on the grown, there is a pathway and a red fire hydrant.", "A deep channel creates a pathway in the snow by a fire hydrant.", "A path that has been shoveled in deep snow", "A red fire hydrant is very eye catching when surrounded by snow; the sidewalk beside it has been shoveled out to allow walking. "]
["a fire hydrgon that is out in the bushes", "a red fire hydrant sits outside of an old house overrun with vegetation", "Fire hydrant next to a weed covered lawn of a house.", "A red fire hydrant is positioned in front of a house.", "A fire hydrant in front of a house."]
["A bus parked in a large parking lot ", "A yellow bus pulled up to the curb by a hedge", "A feel good bus parked on what looks like bricks. ", "A big, yellow \"Feel Good Bus\" waits on the pavement.", "A bus with lots of graphics on the side and the windows."]
["Three people in yellow shirts cleaning a park bench.", "People in yellow shirts paint a red bench", "People wear matching shirts as a bus and are painting a park bench.", "Group painting a park bench with a bus in the background", "A group of people are painting a bench in the park."]
["a lady and man standing next to a fire hyrdgen", "there are two men that are standing next to a fire hydrant", "Two people posing in front of a fire hydrant.", "The boys are hanging around the fire hydrant.", "A woman standing next to a fire hydrant on the side of a road."]
["A plaque on the side of a stone bench.", "a honorary monument with red white and blue flowers and flags", "A memorial is displayed, surrounded by tiny USA flags.", "A memorial with various plaques and American Flags on it.", "A memorial with plagues, flowers and flags. "]
["A fire station with a flag pole in front of it.", "There is a fire station with a nicely landscapred lawn area.", "A fire hydrant is in a grass field in front of a building.", "A large fire station building with green grass.", "The exterior of the Maplewood Fire Station Number 4 building."]
["Even a giraffe looks next to a sauropod.", "A giraffe and a dinosaur eating leaves from a tree.", "A giraffe standing next to a dinosaur near a tree.", "A giraffe and a dinosaur eating from a tree.", "A giraffe stretched its neck to eat the leaves"]
["A group of soldiers standing next to a bench.", "Soldiers performing a ceremony in a city park.", "Members of the military are in a park.", "Military officers standing on a public park in uniform.", "A group of Army soldiers visit a memorial. "]
["A large tree sitting next to two benches.", "Trees in a park next to some benches near a river", "A pair of benches by the water are shaded by trees.", "Benches are near a path and the water.", "A group of four trees next to a body of water."]
["A man is hugging two sheep in an enclosed area.", "A woman in a dark cave holding two sheep", "A person kneeling down in a stone room between two sheep.", "The rams are hugged by the shepherd in the country enclosure.", "The woman holding the the two beige rams in the cave"]
["A train covered in lots of graffiti on train tracks.", "A wall is covered in dirt and graffiti. ", "A very old looking and rusty train with some graffiti.", "Word of graffiti are painted on the side of a railroad car.", "An old side of a train has green writing."]
["A yellow fire hydrant on a busy sidewalk next to buildings.", "A yellow fire hydrant is on a brick sidewalk.", "A yellow fire hydrant on the sidewalk in an urban area", "A fire hydrant on a busy city sidewalk", "A yellow fire hydrant with several valves on it."]
["the birds are flying next to the boat ", "A large white and blue boat traveling along a river.", "A man standing on a ship with seagulls flying around. ", "a boat sails through water as birds fly next to it", "A ship far from shore with sea birds beside it"]
["A flock of swan swimming on top of a river.", "there is a very large boat in the water by the dock", "a long boat is sitting at a dock", "There is a boat near on the water.", "Flock of birds in water near dock with moored boats."]
["A group of red and yellow buses parked side by side in a parking lot.", "The woman is taking pictures of the parked buses. ", "There is a man is standing near six buses.", "a man standing near a row of busses", "A man in a parking lot full of buses."]
["A bus sitting parked on the cement near a building.", "A green bus with passengers in a lot.", "A classic green bus driving through a parking lot.", "A green pea colored bus is driving through a parking lot.", "A transit bus sitting in a secluded parking lot."]
["A watch with a gold design surrounding it. ", "A clock sits on the ground as people stand around it.", "a unique clock laying on a dark floor", "It's apparently time to stand around the clock.", "A picture of a clock in the ground"]
["A bird sitting on top of a table at a restaurant.", "The bird sits atop a place at the restaurant", "A bird standing on a plate of leftovers on an outdoor table.", "a bird standing on a table with leftover food on it", "A bird perched on a plate of someones leftover food"]
["Six sheep stand close together near a grassy hill.", "A black and white picture of six fully coated sheep.", "Those sheep look like they have traveled a long way.", "Several sheep are standing on a grassy hill.", "A lot of animals that are on a hill."]
["Two small birds on a plate which is sitting on the floor.", "A bird looks at another as they bathe on a plate.", "Two birds giving themselves a bath on a plate on an interior floor.", "Three small birds standing in a dish of fluid on a counter.", "a pair of birds sitting on an oval shaped plate"]
["A herd of sheep grazing in a snow covered field.", "A group of sheep in snowy field with a fence and trees.", "Five sheep standing in the snow in a fence.", "A herd of sheep grazing in the snow", "Five woolly sheep grazing in a snow-covered, fenced-in a valley pasture. "]
["two orange gray and black birds sitting in a tree", "Orange and black songbirds perched in a frozen appletree.", "a close up of two small birds in a tree branch", "Two birds perched on limbs next to berries.", "Two birds sit on snow covered branches next to small, green fruits."]
["A bird is standing on the small branch outside. ", "A bird sits on top of branches with fruit.", "a bird stands on a branch next to some fruit ", "A red, white and black bird in tree with fruit on it.", "Small black bird with red on its head standing on a tree branch. "]
["A black bird eating an apple on the ground in the woods.", "a black bird feed on rotten apples on the field", "A crow eating some pears in a field", "A very cute small bird on the ground with some food.", "A bird pecking at apples lying on the ground."]
["A large white bird in the open water.", "A swan floating in the water near a tree branch.", "A white bird wading in the water near the banks", "A swan is resting on a lake outside", "a white swan is swimming through the water"]
["A bird flying outside the window of a building.", "A bird flying by the tall windows in a building.", "A couple of birds are flying around outside", "The two birds are flying on each corner of the building.", "TWO BIRDS AND TREES OUTSIDE OF  A WINDOW AT A BUILDING"]
["Warning signs outside a fence at a transit station", "Outside of a fenced in area with barbwire over the top. ", "A fenced in area off a sidewalk with posted signs.", "A fenced off property covered in signs warning people to stop for inspection before entering.", "The back of a warehouse showing various signs on its fence."]
["A person leading a herd of sheep with a dog.", "A guy with a stick and a dog leading some cute sheep.", "A person and a dog are walking in the grass with a group of sheep.  ", "A woman guiding sheep through a field with the help of a dog.", "A person and a dog herd sheep on a grassy field."]
["A woman in red sweater with dog and sheep in grassy field.", "A woman out in the grass with sheep ", "A woman standing behind a herd of sheep near a dog.", "a person in a field with a number of sheep", "A person watches over a couple of sheep."]
["A group of birds all grooming themselves in shallow water.", "Seagulls are all standing around in water during the day.", "A bunch of birds that are standing in water.", "Small flock of birds standing in shallow water.", "several seagulls in the water picking at themselves "]
["The tall, adult giraffe stands behind a fence near a wooden pole.", "A giraffe in an enclosure eating from a tall tree.", "A giraffe is standing next to a wooden post. ", "A giraffe standing on a lot next to a telephone pole.", "A giraffe stands next to a pole with some rocks on the ground"]
["A red stop sign sitting under a green street sign.", "A stop sign and a street sign in the snow.", "A stop sign and road name signs in the snow.", "A street sign attached to a stop sign.", "some snow coming down on some street signs and trees"]
["A left turn signal, stoplight and street sign are hanging on a pole.", "A traffic light in a city with two signs on either side of it.", "A left turn sign is by a street sign.", "A large street sign on a pole over a street.", "a close up of a street sign near a traffic light"]
["A flock of ducks floating on top of a lake.", "White goose with young floating on water in daytime.", "A family of ducks swimming in the water", "A group of ducks and a swan in the water.", "An adult swan swimming in the water with a few young ones behind it."]
["An intersection with a street sign and a building and palm trees in the background.", "a couple of signs on a pole outside a building", "A couple of green street signs hanging from a traffic light.", "A street sign on the corner outside a Spanish style building.", "A street sign on a street corner "]
["Young Giraffe peeking his head into a crevice in the exhibit wall.", "A giraffe hiding its face behind a rock wall.", "a giraffe in a zoo enclosure by a wall", "A giraffe has it's face in the crevice of a giant rock.", "A giraffe looks in between the tall rocks."]
["A reflection of a large building in a window.", "Reflecting windows with various buildings on a walkway.", "An outdoor window reflects a tall gray cluster of buildings.", "A few window reflections of a few buildings facing the windows.", "Glass reflection of old buildings and fall tree"]
["A woman standing on a beach is surrounded by birds.", "Woman standing on a cold, pelican filled beach", "A  woman standing on a sandy beach next to the ocean.", "A woman standing on a beach observing pelicans.", "A person is standing on a beach with a lot of birds."]
["a person walks along a beach as some bird play in the water ", "A woman walking in the sand near the water where birds are gathering.", "Someone walking along the beach with a bunch of seagulls flying around.", "A woman walking down a beach with a flock of seagulls in the water.", "A person standing on a sandy beach near the ocean."]
["A young boy seems to be trying to feed a giraffe. ", " A little boy with a leaf and a giraffe.", "A child feeding a leaf to a giraffe with its tongue stuck out.", "A child is feeding a giraffe a leaf in its' pen.", "A giraffe eats a leaf from a boy's hand."]
["The intersection of spring st and 6th avenue.", "a green and white street outside of a large building", "Street signs on a poll with a brick building in the background.", "A street sign beside a large brick building ", "The sign for Spring St. and 6th Ave. is in front of a brick building."]
["Roadway intersection near large brick building in city.", "A very tall brick building sitting on the side of a street.", "A street sign on a post in front of a building.", "Two directional signs are displayed in front of a building.", "A street sign is pictured in front of a brick building."]
["A bird standing in the wooded area with leaves all around. ", "A  PHOTO OF A RED JUNGLE FOWL STANDING ON LEAVES ", "a chicken standing in the dry brown leaves", "This wild bird is walking on twigs and leaves.", "A red and brown bird walking through brush of the same color."]
["a small brown and white bird sitting on a branch", "A small bird sitting on top of a tree branch.", "A BROWN AND WHITE BIRD IS SITTING ON A BRANCH", "A beautiful bird is sitting on a branch. ", "a single snowbird perched on a limb during the morning."]
["A street sign is underneath a concrete overpass. ", "a street sign and pole sits under neath of a bridge ", "Two street signs that are underneath a overpass.", "The Troll Ave street sign under a concrete bridge in Seattle, WA", "A picture of \"Troll\" Ave with googly eyes and it is under a bridge."]
["A parked snow mobile siting on the side of a train.", "A snowmobile on snow during the day near a train.", "A snow mobile parked outside a train with people unloading cargo.", "A snowmobile parked in front of a train.", "Some trains are next to a snow mobile."]
["A black bird perched on a wire next to a tree.", "The black bird is sitting on the thick wire.", "A blurry picture of a bird sitting on a wire.", "A black bird sits on a power line with tree branches in the background.", "A black bird sitting on a pole among the trees"]
["A three way sign is posted on an outdoor pole.", "A red three way sign hanging from the side of a metal pole.", "A sign that shows direction of three way street. ", "A pole with a sign that describe the street as 3-way. ", "A pole on a street with a sign that says 3 way "]
["A flock of white sheep in a green field.", "A herd of sheep stand together in the grass.", "A herd of sheep on an open field.", "A flock of black-faced sheep in a green pasture near a farm.", "A herd of sheep standing together grazing in a pasture."]
["A train filled with lots of sets next to windows.", "A picture through a train window of another train.", "A scene shows the inside of a bus with seats.", "The train car is stopped and it is empty. ", "An empty train is sitting in a train station."]
["Small bird hanging off the side of a cage bird feeder", "A tiny bird is feeding from a black bird feeder.", "a bird perched outdoors on a bird feed cage.", "A small songbird perched sideways on a suet feeder.", "A bird hanging on a bird feeder filled with food"]
["A bunch of people standing in the street near the Whitehouse", "A crowd of people in front of Capital Hill.", "A crowd of people are gathered in Washington, D.C. ", "Many people are gathered in the street in front of the US Capitol building.", "A large crowd of people gather in a square with Capitol Hill in the distance."]
["A weathered sign saying \"Guadalajara\" with an arrow pointing to the left. ", "A sign pointing to Guadalajara in front of a decaying building. ", "A stoplight and a sign reading \"Guadalajara\" in front of a building.", "A close up of a street sign at an intersection.", "A street sign pointing towards Guadalajara next to a building."]
["People are sitting and standing outside between train cars.", "A group of people riding on a train.", "A group of kids sitting on top of and in between two train cars.", "there are several people standing on the outside of this train", "There are people loitering in between train cars."]
["A group of people sitting around a  table having a meal.", "A group of people in suits and ties are at a table with an umbrella. ", "A group of partygoers sitting around a table wearing party hats on a patio.", "A large group of people in party hats gather under a fringed patio umbrella.", "A group of people, wearing hats, posing for a picture."]
["A flock of birds flying over a body of water.", "A flock of seagulls is flying over the ocean.", "There are numerous sea gulls flying near the ocean coast.", "A FLOCK OF BIRDS ARE FLYING OVER THE OCEAN", "A flock of gulls flies over the ocean."]
["A couple of street signs mounted to the top of a metal pole.", "Two street signs that are half white and half yellow.", "Two street sign posts at the corner of an intersection. ", "Street sign board are seen fixed on a pole.", "A street sign is painted yellow and white."]
["A red traffic light above a street in down town Los Angeles.", "A road lined with trees painted red and yellow in some spots. ", "A car is stopped at a red stop light.", "a view of a stop light from a street in a city.", "A car has to stop for the red light at this intersection."]
["A green street sign sitting below a large tree.", "THIS IS A STREET SIGN IN A FOREIGN LANGUAGE", "a big green sign next to a tree", "A green street sign that is posted in front of a tree.", "Exactly what does this foreign HAZEPAD sign mean?"]
["A man holding a cow while standing in a forest.", "Smiling woman in black dress holding rope attached to black cow.", "A woman is stroking the neck of a small cow.", "A woman smiles in her garden with her cow", "A woman leads a cow by a rope."]
["City neon signs at dusk with a lot of those signs in Chinese.", "An Asian street scene with cars and people.", "A city street filled with tall buildings and neon signs.", "Tall buildings in a city with neon light signs.", "A commercial city street with many neon signs"]
["An attractive lady riding a cow while leaping over a set of poles.", "A woman is riding a cow which is jumping over a rail.", "A lady on a cow jumping a wooden fence.", "A man jumps a cow over a wooden post.", "A person that is on a horse jumping."]
["A man wearing a black hat and a red neck tie.", "A man in a tie and wearing a hat ", "A man in a hat and tie pauses to reflect.", "A man with his face on his hand with his eyes closed", "A man with his hands to his face, in a black and white photo."]
["A spring form bird feeder filled with corn to eat.", "A blue bird pecking corn out of a bird feeder", "A blue bird picks at corn from a round shaped bird feeder.", "a blue bird eating from a wire bird feeder full of corn", "A blue bird hands from a circular bird feeder filled with corn."]
["a hummingbird flying above a bunch of small red and white flowers", "The gerania are flowering with pink, white, and red florets.", "A humming bird above a fushia flower among green plants. ", "An insect perches on a flower amidst green leaves.", "a close up of a small bird on a small flower "]
["A woman with her legs crossed, shielding her eyes while looking up, reclines on a couch.", "A woman and a man sit on a couch with their eyes covered by hats.  ", "A young woman sitting on a couch touching her hat.", "A sitting woman covering her eyes with her cap.", "A lady in a dress sitting cross-legged on a wicker couch."]
["A blurry photo of a train riding along", "A blue train traveling along tracks next to a building.", "A teal train pulls into a train station.", "A blurred image of a train moving really fast.", "Fast motion picture of a train in motion"]
["a gray bird about to perch on a branch", "A bird flying in the air next to a plant.", "a small bird flying near branches in a tree ", "A hummingbird eats from a plant by a fence.", "A grey hummingbird by fence and tree branches."]
["Bicyclist sign attached to a wall beside a window.", "a close up of a street sign attached to a building", "Signs and light fixture on outside of a building.", "The red and white sign has a person on a bicycle.", "A sign depicting a cycler hanging on a brick building."]
["Birds flying in the sky over the trees in the mountains.", "several birds flying over trees with snowy mountaintop in the background", "A flock of birds flying around a mountain range.", "Birds fly between trees in front of a mountain.", "The view of mountains with birds flying in the sky "]
["A advertising billboard next to a street light at night.", "a close up of a street sign with a dark background", "Two signs giving directions to Wunning Rd in English and Chinese", "The two street signs have two languages on them.", "A street sign reads both in English and Asian script."]
["Signs showing the intersection of two streets in a European country.", "A blue street sign in front of a green and pink building.", "Two street signs pointing in the direction of the roads. ", "Two street signs that are pointed in different directions.", "Two street signs stand in front of a street and buildings with windows."]
["A dark bird is sitting on a rock eating seed in the sun.", "A colorful bird sitting on a large rock.", "A bird standing on a rock with crumbs on it.", "A bird sitting on top of bird seed on the ground.", "A bird standing on a rock near grass."]
["A man stands outside of a steam locomotive.", "A train sitting parked on the tracks with a man standing beside it.", "A man standing in between two sets of tracks and a train on one of them.", "An old fashioned passenger train drives down a track.", "The old fashioned train is setting on the track."]
["A black train with smoke coming out of it on a track. ", "An antique train spewing black smoke as it travels.", "A train riding on a track with smoke coming from it near mountains.", "A coal powered engine blows smoke as it travels down a mountainside track.", "A steam locomotive belching smoke as it chugs along the rails."]
["A train pulling passenger cars on a train track.", "A black train is on a train track near some foothills.", "A black train and orange train cars on tracks.", "A locomotive train is on a railroad track.", "An older style black locomotive numbered 473 pullin passenger cabins."]
["The train is passing by the open field.", "A blue and yellow Alaska railroad train driving through a grassy and woody area. ", "A train going through a grassy meadow on the tracks.", "a train on a train track near a field ", "A train that is traveling down railroad tracks."]
["A long train traveling along side of a mountain.", "there is a very long train coming up the tracks", "A row of train carts crossing a bridge.", "A train makes its way across a bridge in a wooded area.", "Train tracks up in a mountain have a path next to them."]
["A train traveling past a forest filled with green trees.", "A train is coming around a bend in a wooded area.", "Wooden train passing through a forested hilly area.", "A long view of the side of a train as it snakes along a track.", "A train passing by a heavily wooded area."]
["A crowd of people unloading from a long train.", "a train with people exiting in a station", "people walking near a stopped train at a train station", "People get off of a passenger train after having a ride", "A train by a plaza full of people."]
["A long train comes down the tracks through the city.", "a vintage photo of a train in front of a building ", "The old picture is of a metro train passing a building. ", "A train traveling past some tall buildings near a power line.", "Black and white photo of a long train."]
["an image of taxi cabs parked and stationed thru out the city", "Gas station in sity with several cabs lined up.", "A busy city street and a cluster of cabs in a parking lot.", "A traffic jam of taxi cabs at a gas station.", "An aerial view of a gas station with a lot of cabs."]
["A street intersection with a stop and street signs.", "street lights street number with one way signs and stop sign", "A red stop sign sitting under street signs at night.", "A picture of street signs at night. ", "A STOP sign, a one-way sign and two street signs on a post."]
["a couple of sgns are on poles in the ground", "A street sign sitting on top of two poles sticking out of the dirt.", "A street sign is pictured against a rocky background.", "Road signs showing miles to Laugar and Akureyri.", "a close up of a street sign on two poles "]
["this stop sign has many stickers on it", "Stop sign defaced with new and old drawn image stickers.", "A street stop sign with stickers on it.", "A stop sign graffitied with various pieces of sticker art. ", "A traffic sign with multiple stickers on it. "]
["A train speeds by a field in a black and white photo.", "A train is shown from far away, it looks to be going fast.", "The train making its way to a scheduled destination.", "A long white train is speeding down the tracks in the distance.", "a white train a road some bushes and a hill"]
["A train travels over a tunnel with lights in it.", "A passenger train traveling on an arched overpass.", "A red monorail going over a bridge. ", "A train is passing over a tunnel during the day.\n.", "The train is traveling over the curved bridge."]
["A large pillar with a stop sign on top", "A stop sign is beside the street above a poster.", "A stop sign and a steel post with a flier glued to it", "there is a stop on a yellow post with a cloudy background", "A stop sign in a rural setting beneath a partly cloudy sky."]
["A stop sign with a dead end sign near a construction site.", "A Stop sign that is currently above a Dead End sign. ", "A stop sign above a dead end sign in a construction are on a street.", "Stop sign and dead end sign in a construction area.", "Two signs, one says stop, the other says dead end."]
["A stop sign along an empty road lined with a green fence.", "Arabic stop sign on highway near major industrial installation.", "A stop sign sits on a dirt corner near an asphalt road.", "Looking down the paved road near a construction site in Saudi Arabia", "a street sign sits next to a street "]
["Graffiti written on an all way stop sign.", "A stop sign has had the word \"Bush\" added by graffiti. ", "The stop sign has blue and white spray paint on it. ", "some street signs with graffit on them ", "There is graffiti sprayed on the stop sign"]
["The green train is parked at the platform. ", "a colorful old fashioned train pulling into a station", "a train moving  on the railway line at the station", "A train is coming down the track at the zoo.", "A train is sitting in a train station."]
["Dead plants on a sidewalk of a busy city street. ", "A bunch of planters with dead plants in them.", "SEVERAL POTTED PLANTS AND YARD ORNAMENTS ON THE SIDEWALK", "A tree on the sidewalk of a road in a city area.", "a street with cars parked on the sides "]
["A succulent flower has a lime green center.", "A flower wet by the rain near a parking meter.  ", "A close up of a flower with a blurry parking meter in the background.", "A dark red flower with a green center.", "A red and yellow flower with rain droplets in front of a parking meter."]
["A blue parking meter sitting next to a street.", "A blue parking meter near a flower pot.", "A old blue rusted meter is standing on the side of a street, in front of a plant pot.", "A blue parking meter on the sidewalk. ", "A blue parking meter on a street near an empty flower pot."]
["A couple sitting on the back of a flatbed holding a dog.", "Two men sitting on the back of a truck.", "Two people sit in the bed of a pickup truck holding dogs.", "Two people are sitting on a tailgate with a dog.", "Two females hug their dogs while sitting on a pickup truck tailgate."]
["A white dog laying on top of a Siamese cat on a stone wall.", "A Siamese cat being held down by a dog on a wall.", "A cat and dog sit together on a ledge.", "A dog and cat at a public park.", "The dog is affectionately tackling the annoyed cat."]
["A cat laying on a wooden table under a umbrella.", "A cat is on a fence under an umbrella.", "A cat that is walking carefully near the ledge under an umbrella.", "A cat sits on a fence under an umbrella with ghost lights", "a cat on a ledge under an umbrella with ghost lights"]
["A shelf filled with lots of different pairs of shoes .", "Shoes messily stored on metal rack in closet.", "A bunch of different types of shoes on a rack.", "This collection of shoes comes with a yellow tabby cat.", "a bunch of pairs of shoes on some racks"]
["An old truck is parked in front of the station", "An old truck with Peanuts characters on the side boards ", "there is a old brown truck that is in front of a small house", "A truck parked in front of a house.", "a truck sits in front of a building "]
["Several large trucks parked outside among many tree's.", "many army lorries parked in a forest with many trees", "A group of military vehicles in a field. ", "A bunch of military vehicles parked in the grass", "Army trucks lined up in a row in a grove of trees."]
["An orange cat laying on the black shoes of a person standing.", "A brown fluffy cat rubbing its body against a persons leg ", "close up of a cat laying on some ones feet on the ground", "A cat lays on a man's foot on a gravel road.", "A standing person has a yellow cat at their feet."]
["A construction vehicle loading another vehicle onto a flatbed.", "A piece of construction equipment around some people.", "There is no photo here to provide a caption for.", "Driving a front loader on to a trailer", "A construction site with workers and a white bulldozer."]
["A strawberry blond cat is cuddled up between a pair of ladies business shoes. ", "A cat resting on the floor cuddled up with a pair of heels", "Orange and white cat laying with its head on some shoes.", "A very cute orange cat laying with some shoes.", "a cat rests its head and paw on a pair of womens shoes"]
["A yellow moving truck on a snow covered street.", "a yellow business truck on a snowy road", "A large yellow moving truck parked outside of a home.", "A yellow truck parked on a snowy street. ", "A moving truck parked next to a house and a snowy sidewalk."]
["there is a cat that is laying inside a luggage", "A cat is sitting in a suitcase, atop clothing.", "A cat relaxing in a piece of luggage ", "a fluffy cat laying in a black suitcase", "A cat lounges inside a packed luggage trunk."]
["A gray and white cat sitting on top of a table.", "A double picture with one featuring a dog and the other a cat.", "A dog is shown above a cat picture.", "A dog and cat in a coupe of photos.", "Two pictures of a dog and a cat sitting. "]
["a bottle of tequila sitting next to an orange cat.", "A fluffy orange cat sits on a blanket next to a bottle of tequila.", "Brown furry cat lying next to a round bottle on top of a colorful blanket.", "YELLOW CAT LAYING ON A BLANKET WITH BOTTLE OF TEQUILA ", "Orange long haired cat lying on blanket next to clear glass bottle."]
["Wilderness scene with animals grazing out in an open field.", "A group of sheep standing in the grass.", "A flock of sheep graze in wooded hills along a river.", "Goats are out in the field, grazing on the grass.", "Several animals standing in the grass near a creek."]
["Black and white photo of a cat surrounded by kitchen knives", "THERE IS A CAT IN THE MIDDLE OF A BUNCH OF KNIVES", "A cat sits on a counter, surrounded by knives.", "a cat sitting on a floor with knives all around it", "A cat on the floor with knives laying around it.\n"]
["an old man petting a black and white cow", "A smiling man poses with a healthy cow", "A man petting a cow on a farm yard.", "The old man is posing with his cow for a photo. ", "an old man next to a cow out side"]
["A gray cat lying on a carpet in a room", "Small grey cat laying on top of a carpet with red carrot toys. ", "A grey cat playing with a carrot toy on a red rug.", "A grey cat biting into a toy carrot on the floor.", "A cat lies on a rug holding a stuffed carrot. "]
["A brown cat lies down on a brown carpet.", "Cat lackadaisical on rug, near wooden floor with piercing eyes", "A cat laying on its side on a rug.", "A cat laying on a rug on the floor playing with a toy.", "A calico cat lying on a rug with a toy."]
["An old building with two rusty, very old pick up trucks parked in front.", "Two rusted trucks sitting in high grass near a building.", "Two old rusted trucks by an old rusty house.", "Two rusted out trucks parked in front of an old farm building.", "Two rustic vintage trucks abandoned in a yard."]
["A couple of brown cows walking across a green field.", "a couple of cows are running around in a field", "Black and white cows in a green field.", "A blurry photo shows  black and multicolored cows  trotting across a pasture bisected by a shadow line. ", "The black and white cows are running in the grass."]
["A train carrying army trucks with men standing on it.", "Workers stand on train cars containing military vehicles. ", "A train carrying military vehicles with men in orange safety vests directing the vehicles.", "Vehicles on a train and people standing on and near.", "A convoy of army green transport trucks on top of train cars."]
["Small herd of grazing cattle in field of farm land.", "A field of cows grazing on grass around trees.", "A heard of cattle graze in a pasture under a lone tree.", "A bunch of cows standing around in a field, grazing on grass.", "A pastoral area has trees, overgrown vegetation, and a line of barrels in its furthest part, while beyond the barrel line, in the foreground, sits an area of short grass that is being grazed by several knots of cows. "]
["A black and white cat with a concerned look sitting on a chair.", "A cat sitting on a chair, staring at the camera.", "A cat is sitting on a chair by itself.", "Cat perched on a chair in front of a wooden table.", "There is a cat sitting on a chair."]
["A pack unzipped with a banana siting inside of it.", "Inside the backpack is a banana and an i-phone charger.", "A banana and a power cord inside of a backpack.", "A person holding a back open with a banana and charger inside.", "A banana and a phone charger inside of an open pack"]
["A cat laying on top of a couch.", "a cat is laying on a coach in a house", "A striped cat laying next to pillows on a green couch.", "a cat laying on a sofa next to some pillows", "A tiger striped cat laying on a green sofa."]
["A mouse is wrapped in its own cord and wrapped in a backpack.", "A green backpack with a computer mouse poking out.", "A large piece of green luggage sitting on the ground.", "A computer mouse is hanging out of a book bag.", "A trackball mouse in the pocket of a green backpack."]
["The cat is lying on the window ledge.", "A brown and black cat laying between chair and window.", "a cat laying in between a couch and a window sill", "Orange and black cat laying in front of a window.", "a cat squished in between a couch and a window in the sun "]
["A few goats eating grass in a grassy field", "A herd of animals standing on a lush green hillside.", "A few cows grazing in an open field.", "Four cows are grazing in the open field.", "there are four cows that are on this hill"]
["a truck with a small cabin built on the back of it", "A large red truck hauling a straw house. ", "Truck with roof in field with trees and fencing", "a tred truck parked under a building on stilts.", "A house is built on the bed of an old pickup truck."]
["a dark cat with green eyes is laying on a blue bed", "a kitty l with green eyes laying on a blue comforter  ", "A cat with a serious look on its face sitting on a bed.", "A close up of a black and brown cat laying on a bed..", "A green eyed cat is on a blue bedspread."]
["Red and white commercial truck parked on open lot.", "A red truck parked in a lot on a sunny day", "The people are loading the big red truck.,", "A old trick moving a house with people around", "a cargo hauling truck sits next to another truck in front of some people"]
["A large cat sleeping on top of a bed covered in blue and brown blankets.", "A sleeping cat lays on a blanket. ", "a close up of a cat laying on a bed ", "The cat is fast asleep on the rumpled sheets of the unmade bed.", "A striped cat sleeping on a bed comforter."]
["A cat laying on top of a blanket near a wall.", "a cat looking up laying on a bed", "A black and white cat sitting in dappled sunlight.", "A cat sitting on a bedspread, staring off to the distance.\n", "a cat that is sitting on top of a blanket"]
["A large calico cat resting on a pillow.", "A large adorable cat resting on a big soft pillow.", "A tortoise shell colored cat is lying on a bed pillow.", "A calico cat sitting on a pillow on a bed.", "a brown and black cat is sitting on a pillow"]
["A couple of cats laying on top of a bed.", "two cats laying on a big bed and looking at the camera ", "a couple of cats on a mattress laying down", "a couple of cats lay down on a bed ", "Two cats who are laying on a bed."]
["A fluffy cat checks itself out in a mirror.", "A cat is sitting on the floor and looking in the mirror.", "White cat looking at reflection in a mirror.", "A fluffy white car looking in a mirror.", "A cat looking at its reflection in the mirror"]
["A couple of men riding on the back of an old truck.", "A man sitting in the suit of an old truck with an american flag. ", " an old jeep sitting parked on a trailer with trees in the background", "Two men sit on a vintage fire truck adorned with American flags. ", "The old time fire engine joining the parade."]
["A herd of cattle standing on a lush green hillside.", "Cows stand in a pasture on the side of a hill. ", "A group of bulls walking down a road in a field.", "Cattle walking in open rutted field on sunny day.", "Three cows are standing together in a line."]
["A cat is sitting outside on the ledge of a window.", "A cat sits on a ledge on the outside of a building.", "a small cat sits in front of a window ", "The cat is precariously balanced on the  ledge outside the bedroom window.", "A cat sits outside a window behind which some large black cats are eating."]
["A couple of cows sanding on top of a grass field.", "Some cows are standing on the field on a sunny day. ", "A cow looks at another cow that is wearing large sunglasses.", "Two cows in a field, one is wearing sunglasses.", "Cow wearing sunglasses is looked upon by other cow in field."]
["A grey picnic table with umbrella is placed in front of a row of food trucks.", "An outdoor eating area with benches and umbrellas next to several food carts.", "A photo of picnic tables with umbrellas in front of food trucks.", "A blue picnic table under an umbrella next to food trucks.", "Blue umbrella on picnic table in front of food truck"]
["Grown cat sitting in front of a closed door leading outside. ", "A cat sitting near a door looking outside", "a cat sitting next to an open door with a screen", "A chubby cat looking through a storm door.", "A cat sitting on a floor mat and starring at the door."]
["A cat is sitting in front of a tv looking at a similar cat on screen.", "A cat watches a TV while a kitten is on the screen.", "A cat watching a cat on the tv.", "A cat watches its own image on a television set.", "A cat is looking at a monitor with its reflection on it "]
["Some cows in the grass by some water.", "a number of cows in a field near a body of water ", "A bunch of cows that are standing in the grass.", "A herd of cattle are grazing in a large field in front of a pond. ", "some brown white and black cows water and grass"]
["A Group of cow's that are smelling each other.", "A cow licks the face of another cow in the middle of a street.", "Three oxen on a street in an urban area.", "Three cows out in the road licking each other", "A group of cattle standing on a cement surface."]
["two boats on a field near a body of water", "There are some boats on land next to a bay.", "A dog standing on the side of a road.", "Two boats sitting on top of a green field.", "two boats sitting in the grass next to the ocean "]
["A brown dog rides in a boat as a girl in a yellow life jacket rows.", "A woman riding in a paddle boat with a large brown dog.", "A woman and a dog are riding in a canoe.", "Woman with life jacket and dog in rowboat near shoreline.", "A woman in a yellow life jacket rows a boat with a dog."]
["Cows crossing a paved road in the fog", "Several cows are walking across a concrete area in the fog.", "The herd of cows are traveling together in the fog outside.", "Several animals are seen crossing a parking lot in a the fog.", "Cows walking across a paved parking lot in mist"]
["A field with a boundary line across it and some cattle in the background.", "A field with horses on a cloudy day.", "A lush green hillside covered in animals and trees.", "A large grassy pasture containing several farm animals", "Some animals in the distance out in a field."]
["A cow that is grazing on some grass.", "There is one cow in the field by itself. ", "A black cow is grazing some grass on a sunny day. ", "A cow eating grass in a large field.", "The large cow is grazing on the grassy field."]
["Three cows on grass have a white stripe.", "Three cows grazing in grass field with fence in the background.", "cows grazing in a pasture, looks like a bird on the back of one", "A herd of cattle grazing in a fenced field by a road.", "There are three horses in the grasses field. "]
["Two cows in a backyard with one sitting down and the other eating.", "A farm with yoked cattle which are resting.", "A cow laying in the dirt with a cow that is eating", "One cow sits as another stands around a structure made of wooden sticks.", "Two white cows sitting in a farm area."]
["A group of cows standing on a grass field.", "there are three cows embracing together on a field", "some cute brown and white cows looking towards the camera ", "A group of cows with tags in their ears looking onward.", "Three red and white cows huddle together in a wide open field on a cloudy day."]
["There are several boats docked in a harbor.", "Several boats are moored in a European marina.", "nine boats docked at a marina with old buildings in the background.", "Boats are docked in a harbor near several large, older looking buildings.", "black and white picture of a boat marina"]
["Some African Americans are dressed in ties and working. ", "A man looks down at a folder in his hands.", "The man is dressed in a dress shirt and tie. ", "A man with a tie standing in a room with another person.", "Two men sitting next to each other at a table."]
["A man with a striped tie and a black blazer", "A man wearing a red neck tie and a black jacket.", "A smiling man in a suit stand before a rock wall.", "a picture of a male with a suit and a tie on ", "A picture of a man wearing a suit and tie"]
["a small boat on a beat near a body of water", "A long canoe sitting in the middle of an empty beach.", "A red, yellow and blue boat laying in the sand.", "Boat on a sandy beach near the ocean and a rocky pier.", "A small boat on the sand on a beach"]
["A couple of men walking with a large elephant.", "an elephant walking on a city street with two people", "An elephant and two men walking down the street.", "A couple of people standing near an elephant.", "Two men lead an elephant down a road beside a building."]
["A small boat unattended in a bay near a sailboat.", "a small boat sitting in the lake with a sail boat in the background", "an unmanned boat floating in a blue lake", "A boat with no one in it is on the water.", "A boat in the water off the shore with a sailboat in the distance "]
["A giraffe and zebra cake sits against a neutral backdrop. ", "There is a decorated cake with zebra and giraffe print", "A zebra and giraffe themed cake sits on a silver plate.", "a two layer cake with animal decorations and signs", "A picture of a two-story cake on a ledge."]
["Looking at a barge cross a channel of water under a cloudy sky", "A pier with many boats and docks in a busy waterway area.", "A distant shot of a cruise ship in the ocean. ", "A boat moving across a river near a shore.", "A barge is in the middle of a bay. "]
["A red and white boat sitting next to a peer.", "A man is getting off the yacht that had come in to dock.   ", "There is a boat at the pier that is red and white", "A large boat docked near a marina. ", "A large red and white boat docked next to a walkway."]
["Two people in a speed boat on a body of water.", "A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE IN THE BOAT ON THE WATER", "A man riding in the back of a boat on a lake.", "People in a blue motor boat traveling in the water.", "People are riding in a motorboat on the water."]
["A boat traveling across a river in the middle of a jungle.", "A motor boat is speeding into a jungle river", "This is an image of a boat going fast.", "A boat moving fast on a jungle river.", "A speedboat is speeding in a body of water in a tropical area. "]
["a man that has a medal around his neck", "A person with a suit and a tie.", "A man wearing a suit and a medal.", "A guy is posing for the camera with a medal around his neck. ", "A young man who has been awarded a gold medal stares unsmiling at the camera."]
["A couple of men working on a boat that's docked at a pier.", "a small boat in a body of water", "There is a boat with people sitting in it on the water.", "People in a boat on the water near a pier.", "Two guys are on a boat, with one's crack being exposed. "]
["A large white bird standing next to a large body of water.", "A bird sits in front of boats in a pier. ", "A bird is standing by parked boats in the water.", "A picture of a sea gull in the harbor.", "Several boats docked at a pier in the water. "]
["A pelican near some boats that are docked.", "A group of boats are parked at a marina.", "a boat dock with lots of boats parked ", "A pelican stands near boats at a marina.", "lots of boats tied up at the dock with one man standing by one"]
["There are several boats floating in the harbor.", "Some boats on a body of water during the day.", "A group of boats sitting in a water cove next to some buoys.", "Four boats are sitting in the harbor on a cloudy day.", "Four boats on the water on an overcast day"]
["Calm waters serve as a berth for banana boats.", "a number of small boats in a large body of water ", "Several boats docked at the pier while in the water.", "a small boat is parked at a dock", "two boats sitting in the water near a boating dock "]
["A man is sitting at a harbor with a market place.", "Wooden walkway and dock area next to water.", "There is a pier on the edge of the water", "A man sitting on the walk next to a lake.", "A man is fishing on the dock lined with boats."]
["A small white boat floating on a blue body of water.", "Pier of boats sitting in bright blue clear water. ", "Some boats tied up to a mostly empty dock.", "A power boat is moored at a seawall.", "A boat is docked at the shore of the water."]
["A group of men in uniform standing next to each other.", "a group of older solders in uniform posing for a photo ", "a big group of people that are standing next to each other", "A group of people posing for a picture, in military uniforms.", "Many men from the armed services are gathered."]
["An adult elephant is collapsed in the water.", "The people tend to the elephant laying on its side in the water.", "Two young men standing in a river washing elephants.", "A small crowd of people gathered around an elephant which is laying in a pond of water.", "Three people are standing over a fallen elephant. "]
["A herd of elephants at the edge of a river and in the bushy land nearby.", "A herd of elephants walking down a dirt slope.", "a large group of elephants standing in front of a lake.", "A large herd of elephants on the edge of some water.", "There is a large herd of elephants by the watering hole. "]
["A man wearing a grey suit and tie in a room.", "A man in a suit shows off his unique tie.", "The man his holding open his suit jacket.", "A smiling man wearing a suit and tie.", "A young man wearing a suit coat and a tie."]
["A baby elephant plays in the water next to an adult one", "A large elephant is in the water with a smaller one. ", "An adult and baby elephant in water next to dirt area.", "The baby elephant is walking in the water.", "An elephant helping a baby elephant take a bath."]
["The man in a sweater vest is smiling for a pose.", "A smiling young handsome guy who is well dressed.", "A man wearing a vest and neck tie with a smile on his face.", "A man with a white shirt, black tie and short sleeve sweater", "A young man posing for a headshot with a Holy Cross sweater on."]
["Crowd of people watching people guide elephant by standing on them.", "People watching a boy stand on an elephant's back.", "A group of people watch another group with an elephant", "A couple of villagers looking at an elephant by the river.", "people watching an elephant near some water and a fence."]
["A group of small boats floating on top of a lake.", "Several boats on a calm lake with mountains in the background.", "A man with his boat going down the lake. ", "A few boats traveling through a foggy lake.", "Boats on the water with mountains in the background."]
["A man making the live long and prosper sign from star trek.", "a young man standing in a room making the vulcan hand symbol\n", "A young man making the Vulcan sign for 'live long and prosper'.", "A teen in a school uniform makes a Vulcan hand sign.", "A male student making the Vulcan sign and smiling."]
["The man is going over the speech that he will be giving in a few hours.", "A person in a suit holds something in their hands.", "A man that is standing up holding a book.", "A man with some kind of electronic device needs to rebutton his suit.", "A man is using is phone to do something."]
["Many elephants being paraded through an area of spectators.", "A herd of elephants traveling in a pack near tourists.", "Many elephants pass by the people in front of the building.", "a herd of elephants walk in front of people watching", "A herd of elephants on a city street."]
["A man wearing a beanie and a neck tie.", "A man with a yellow tie and white shirt holding a yellow sweater round his neck.", "A man with white shirt, yellow tie and sweater round his neck", "The young man is wearing a matching hat with his tie. ", "A young man with a hat, scarf, and tie, is looking on. ", "A guy in a tie wearing a hat."]
["A group of girls sitting on a towel under an umbrella.", "Three girls hanging out together on a nice day.", "3 young women sitting on blankets on a stone top. ", "A group of girls sitting outside holding umbrellas and a camera.", "Three women sit on the beach with two of them holding onto some umbrellas. "]
["A bride and groom posing by a tree ", "A woman in a bridal gown holding flowers is posing next to a man in a shirt and tie.", "A woman in a wedding dress is hugging a man.", "A man in a white dress shirt posing with his new bride.", "A man and a women who are posing together."]
["A man walking next to a girl holding a pink umbrella.", "A man and a woman walking towards a small food stand.", "The man next to the woman holding a pink umbrella walking toward the food truck.", "Man and a woman holding an umbrella approaching a food stand.", "A man and a woman walking towards a food vendor that is across the street."]
["A red and white boat floating in front of a small brown boat.", "Two tugboats are docked at the side of the bay.", "Two fishing boats are pulled in at the dock.", "Two boats parked near a stone cargo dock.", "A bunch of boats sitting in a harbor,during the day."]
["An elephant stands in front of a watering hole in his habitat.", "An elephant by the water hole about to spray water on itself. ", "A baby elephant is standing beside a man made pond.", "An elephant plays in shallow water in an enclosure.", "A small grey adorable elephant stands on a puddle at a zoo."]
["A young elephant by a pool of water in a zoo enclosure.", "An elephant in a pen drinks water from a water source", "Onlookers watch an elephant stop for a drink of water", "Elephant standing of rock ledge next to water in zoo enclosure.", "Elephant in hard paved enclosure, standing near water spray."]
["A small herd of young elephants are standing in water.", "A group of elephants moving in the middle of a river.", "A line of different sized elephants in the water.", "a herd of elephants standing around on the water ", "Elephants are standing around in a body of water."]
["A group of elephants standing in the water.", "A close up of several elephant standing around in the water.", "Elephants playing in a large shallow area of water.", "Many elephants stand in the stream while one human in the background stands among them risking death.", "A group of elephants standing in shallow water."]
["A beach towel and chair sitting on hay, displaying books", "A patio chair under an umbrella next to various books.", "a bed of straw covered with books, a chair and an umbrella", "Many items, including a blue towel, are scattered near a chair. ", "A large towel on a table near an umbrella."]
["A young man with a tie stands next to a graffiti wall.", "A boy in jeans wearing a tie poses next to the letter \"B.\"", "A man wearing a shirt and tie next to a building.", "A young boy in a tie stands next to some graffiti ", "A young man stands in his tie and low hanging pants."]
["An elephant in a zoo walks toward the camera. ", "An elephant with tusks walks on concrete and rocky walls and boulders are near him.", "A captive elephant stands in the sunshine as it looks at the camera in the zoo. ", "A medium sized elephant walking in his enclosure", "A gray elephant is standing in a zoo enclosure."]
["A couple of elephants standing next to each other.", "Two elephants standing with the trunk interlocked with each other.", "a couple of elephants playing in a caged area ", "The two elephants are fighting with their trunks outside together.", "Two elephants interact with each other in a pen."]
["A man wearing a blue shirt and a pair of glasses.", "A guy is wearing a suit and tie posing for the camera.", "A man in a blue stripped dress shirt and a black and gold tie smiling. ", "A man with a blue shirt and tie is smiling.", "a close up of a person wearing a suit and tie "]
["A man in a pink shirt wearing a tie holding a bag.", "A man in business attire stands before a hotel desk. ", "A man in glasses and a pink shirt standing in front of a counter.", "Man in pink shirt and glasses in an office.", "A man with a hand bag standing in a lobby."]
["Man in suit with red white and blue tie. ", "man having a discussion while wearing a patriotic tie", "a man in a suit with a american tie ", "A person wearing a suit and American Flag Tie.", "A man wearing an american eagle tie in a suit."]
["The elephant has a determined look as he walks away. ", "this is a baby elephant walking in the dirt", "A lone elephant walks through a sandy area.", "a large elephant that is walking around on the ground", "The baby elephant is walking with a small object in it's trunk. "]
["Two women walking together in the rain with umbrellas.", "People stand beneath umbrellas on a flooded road.", "Two woman are standing outside in the rain under umbrellas.", "Two women standing under umbrellas in the rain.", "Two women under umbrellas on the street "]
["A man stands out in the rain underneath an umbrella.", "Two people are under an umbrella on night at an intersection.", "Couple walking in the rain on a city sidewalk.", "A couple waiting to cross the street underneath an umbrella.", "A person waits with an umbrella as cars drive down a rainy street."]
["An elephant behind an enclosure looking at the camera", "A small brown elephant standing next to a fence.", "THERE IS AN ELEPHANT IN THE FENCE ", "The elephant is looking through the bars of his pen.", "An Indian elephant in a zoo enclosure looking out"]
["A group of rowers in a boat is waiting for instruction from the lead.", "a bunch of people sitting inside of a canoe ", "A group of people riding in a large row boat.", "Several people with life jackets on in a canoe with paddles.", "A group of people in a small boat that is in the water"]
["Two large row boats filled with people in the water.", "Two boats that have groups of people in them.", "two boats racing one is way ahead of the other", "The two canoes are full of happy rowers.", "a boat filled iwth a lot of people rowing for You"]
["A boat traveling down a lake next to a shoreline.", "A boat is parked ashore without a passenger.", "A small boat with a motor sitting on the edge of a beach.", "A motor boat next to a beach and others in the background", "A small boat with equipment inside of it washed up on shore."]
["A woman walking across a street holding a camera.", "A woman dances across a brick street while holding an umbrella.", "A woman crossing a street holding an umbrella", "a woman posing on the street for a photo", "The ladies dancing happily in the street with an umbrella."]
["a woman walks down the street holding a umbrella", "a young female wearing black walking in snow with a red umbrella", "A person with a red umbrella walking in the rain.  ", "A woman with a red umbrella is walking in the rain. ", "A women who is holding a red umbrella in the rain."]
["A group of people rows a long boat in a lake.", "several people on a long canoe rowing in a lake", "There are lot of people rowing on the boat.", "a lot of people that are on a long boat", "A group of people riding on top of a long paddle boat."]
["A brown elephant on a path has shaved off tusks.", "An elephant is walking towards a pile of mud.", "two large brown elephants walking on sand near a jungle area", "A close shot of an elephant staring at the camera. ", "an elephant walking on a path near grass and trees "]
["Two elephants walking on cement next to wall", "Two elephants walking down a cement covered ground.", "A small baby elephant walking along a wall", "The two elephants are standing together up against the wall. ", "The smaller elephant is walking around the counter."]
["Three of four elephants in a enclosure eating some hay.", "Several elephants grabbing grass with their trunks. ", "A family of elephants eating hay in their pen.", "A group of elephants eating grass near a building. ", "two large elephants and two small elephants feeding"]
["Two large trey elephants standing next to a man wearing a blue uniform.", "Two elephants eat while their keeper watches nearby.", "A man is feeding a pair of elephants", "The man is feeding two elephants green vegetation.", "A man dressed in blue coveralls and white boots feeding some elephants."]
["A cat sleeping next to a pile of stuffed animals.", "a cat lays down with a bunch of stuffed animals ", "A gray colored cat looking out from behind a stack of pillows and stuffed animals.", "A cat hiding in his pillow fort with stuffed animals to guard the door.", "A cat's head surrounded by stuffed animals and pillows."]
["A cat standing on a couch in a cluttered living room.", "A black cat standing on a couch thats in a cluttered room.", "A black cat standing on a sofa surrounded by things.  ", "A cat standing on the arm of a chair ", "A cat is standing pensively in a room.  "]
["A hazy beach is filled with people under umbrellas. ", "an image of a beach scene with pink umbrellas", "A beach has lounge chairs and umbrellas lining the shore on a cloudy day.", "People sitting on the beach and sitting on beach chairs.", "People are lined up on the beach on a cloudy day."]
["a person is holding up a small child", "Someone holding a baby in their hands with an elephant in the background", "a close up of a person holding up a child ", "A baby is being hold next to an elephant.", "A person holding a baby up next to an elephant."]
["A long red boat traveling under a bridge on a river.", "Long red boat on river passing large red bricked building.", "A boat close to the bank and under a bridge", "The big boat is doing down the river carrying passengers.", "A person is standing on a long red boats"]
["A line of lawn chairs sitting on a sandy beach.", "A scenic beach covered with many lounging chairs and an umbrella.", "A bunch of white chairs on a beach", "People on a beach with umbrellas and lounge chairs.", "White chairs line up on a beach as one blue and white umbrella stands in their midst."]
["The beach is filled with blue tents and umbrellas.", "A group of blue canopies at the beach. ", "There are people under the umbrellas on the beach.", "Several canopies set up in the sand of a beach ", "A beach that has a large number of blue umbrellas."]
["Many chairs and umbrellas lined up on a beach.", "Rows of red umbrellas and chairs lining a beach", "hundreds of beach chairs and umbrellas along the beach", "many different lawn chairs on a beach ", "A beach with a line of red umbrellas and chairs"]
["A dark colored umbrella hanging on a wooden rail in the woods.", "The umbrella is hanging up on the post.", "An umbrella hanging from an old wooden post.", "a umbrella that is hanging on a wooden post", "A umbrella that is hanging upside down from wood."]
["Three men on a kayak paddling on a body of water.", "A man and two younger boys ride on the water in a kayak.", "three people paddling in a boat in the water", "A group of people are kayaking on a fairly calm river.", "A man and some boys riding in a canoe on a waterway."]
["A man standing next to a black bag of luggage.", "A person's feet with shoes and a piece of luggage in a stall. ", "a persons feet and legs and luggage on the floor", "bathroom selfie with pants and shoes and a briefcase in photo", "Two legs of a person with a suitcase on a ceramic floor. "]
["A woman walking through a forest holding a blue umbrella.", "What on earth is that woman holding above her head?", "A woman is carrying a clear umbrella through the woods.", "A person in the snow holding up an umbrella", "A person holds an umbrella under a forest of trees."]
["A stack of suitcases rest beside a couch.", "some luggage and a table in a living room", "A modern living room design features bold graphic prints.", "A living room with a couch, coffee table and a pile of luggage.", "Four luggage bags are beside a couch and a cluttered coffee table."]
["A woman holding a blue umbrella while she walks beside other two women. ", "Three women are walking along a building by the beach.", "Three woman walk together as two of them are under one umbrella.", "On that point are a bunch of individuals celebrating outdoors.\n", "Three women walking and one is holding a umbrella."]
["A group of people, one of a woman with a umbrella.", "a lady holding an umbrella protecting herself from the sun", "a lady protecting herself from the sun with an umbrella", "Two woman walk down a pathway under an umbrella. ", "Two women are walking under an umbrella together."]
["Bright red umbrella open on the sand of a beach.", "A solitary red umbrella on an empty beach.", "A red umbrella is posted on a beach in the sand.", "An umbrella sits in the sand on the beach. ", "A red shade umbrella on a beach in front of the water."]
["A dog laying under an office desk with two computers, a bag and other small objects.", "A large brown dog laying on the floor next to a computer desk.", "Happy dog lying under  loaded computer cubical desk.", "A dog laying on the floor underneath a desk.", "A  large  dog laying under a work desk in an office"]
["A woman walks down an alley with an umbrella.  ", "A woman walking down a city street with an umbrella.", "A woman with a blue umbrella walks down an alleyway in a Chinese street.", "A person with an umbrella is walking down a city street.", "A street of a Chinese town in the afternoon"]
["A brown bear walking down a grass covered hillside.", "A small brown  animal walking across the grass", "an animal is seen walking across grass alone", "an image of a bear walking on grassland ", "A brown furry mammal walks on bare ground."]
["People carrying stuff down the street while a guy stands at the ATM", "A person walking with a bag down a city sidewalk.", "A group of people is photographed on the sidewalk", "A woman pushing her belonging up a public street.", "people walking down the street at an atm machine."]
["A brown horse standing next to a metal fence.", "two dogs looking by a horse standing by the fence", "A dog and a horse standing on opposite sides of a fence.", "The dogs are looking at the horse across the fence.", "A horse is standing behind a fence with two dogs on the other side."]
["An elephant that is walking among some bushes. ", "a elephant that is standing by some trees", "A VERY LARGE ELEPHANT IS COMING OUT OF THE BUSH", "An elephant is standing in the middle of bushes with it's tusks pointing out.", "A elephant that is standing near the trees."]
["An elephant scraping up a large tree with its tusks.", "An elephant chipping the bark off a tree with his tusks.", "The elephant is rubbing his tusks against the tree.", "An elephant is chewing the side of a tree.", "a elephant is getting some bark off a tree"]
["a couple of elephants are standing in a field", "A herd of elephants are gathered in a field.", "a pack of elephants walking in a grassy field", "A herd of elephants walking on top of grass.", "There are many elephants hanging out in a field. "]
["A white furry puppy dog nestled beside a brown teddy bear.", "A dog laying next to a large brown teddy bear on a wooden floor.", "A dog asleep on the floor next to a teddy bear", "a dog laying on the ground next to a stuffed animal", "A dog sleeping next to a big teddy bear."]
["A woman holding a pink and white polka dot umbrella.", "A woman walking on the street pass vegetables with an open polka dot umbrella. ", "A lady shopping in the rain at a outdoor market. ", "People walk near an outdoor market carrying umbrellas. ", "its raining so all the people are carrying umbrellas"]
["Elephants stand together near a log in an enclosure. ", "Two elephants in an enclosure are looking at a fallen tree.", "The two elephants are inspecting the tree trunk.", "Two elephants near a log surrounded by rocks", "Old, tusked elephants in a zoo enclosure with log"]
["Elephant eating leaves from tree standing on grass.", "ELEPHANT IN A OPEN GRASSY AREA GRAZING ON TREES ", "An elephant standing on top of a grass covered field.", "An elephant raising his trunk into the trees.", "An elephant reaches for food on a bush. "]
["A man sitting on the edge of a platform with a large suitcase and statue.", "A piece of luggage is part of a large statue, with a man sitting on the side.", "A man sitting on the edge of statue of a person with a suitcase.", "A piece of luggage sitting on top of a wooden podium.", "Man sitting on pedestal of very large statue with giant suitcase at outdoor scene."]
["A group of picnic tables with umbrellas with the umbrellas folded down.", "A deck with tables and table umbrellas and the ocean in the background.", "A group of red picnic tables with closed umbrellas on a pier.", "Many tables and umbrellas next to the water.", "A picnic area at a resort is still closed this early in the morning."]
