["The young man are playing a game of soccer in the field. ", "Two teams are playing soccer on the grass.", "Soccer teams compete to keep the ball on their side", "a couple of guys kicking  a soccer ball around", "A group of young men playing a game of soccer."]
["A series of photos of bowls filled with cake mixes.", "Instructions on how to make an upside down cranberry cake. ", "A collage is showing the steps of preparing a cake.", "The picture shows steps to making a cranberry cake.", "a collage of photos with cherries a mixture and a mixer"]
["Three muffins sit on a chair and one muffin is missing a bite.", "Three muffins are lined up on a chair cushion.", "three muffins sitting on a chair with a bite out on one of them", "three muffins one partly eaten on a chair", "Three rocks sitting on top of a white counter."]
["A pastry on a plate next to a cup of coffee and fork by a window.", "A fork that is next to a small cake and cup of coffee.", "A fruit pastry is next to a fork and cup.", "A cup sitting next to a small fruit desert.", "A pastry with fruit, mug and fork sitting on a counter."]
["An array of images shows the steps to making a cheesecake, from recipe, all the way to a finished fruit-topped cake with  a wedge missing. ", "A bunch of different pictures that are of food.", "Several different pictures of how to make a cheesecake.", "the eleven steps to making a pineapple topped cake", "a nice peach cobbler is well made and cooked"]
["Hamburger with lettuce and tomato on a plate.", "The lunch is prepared and ready to be eaten. ", "Two plates with different sandwiches and sides on them.", "Two plates with sandwiches on them sitting on a table with a knife and a glass.", "Plates are on a table with sandwiches on them."]
["A man with respirator works on a surf board. ", "A man waring a respirator painting a surf board.", "A man in a surf board shaping studio.", "A surfboard making shop has surfboards stacked up.", "A man is working on a surfboard within his shop."]
["A person riding a surfboard in the middle of a wave.", "A WOMAN WITH HER SURFBOARD IS STANDING IN THE WAVES", "A woman riding a surfboard in the ocean over waves.", "A woman taking her surf board into the ocean.", "A person in the water about to go surfing"]
["A surferboarder is surfing on a small wave.", "The man with a wet suit on is surfing in the water.", "A person in a wet suit riding a surf board ", "A man surfs a small wave in calm waters.", "THERE IS A MAN ON THE SURF BOARD ON THE WAVES"]
["The inside of a refrigerator with lots of food in it.", "A view inside a refrigerator that is completely packed with food.", "A refrigerator is stocked with food and beverages", "The refrigerator is stuffed with food and condiments.", "A crowded refrigerator is shown with a variety of items."]
["A person's arm holding a surfboard and standing in front of the ocean.", "A surfer in a wetsuit going out to sea.", "A picture of someone carrying a white surfboard to the water.", "A person wearing a wet suit holding a surfboard looking at the water. ", "a close up of a person in a wetsuit holding a surfboard "]
["A little girl sitting at a table with lots of fruit and cake.", "A woman sits at a table with food in front of her.", "Woman at an outside table having a meal.", "A girl is sitting at a purple table full of food.", "A young girl eating lunch if fruit in a cool spot of shade."]
["A blue cutting board with a piece of toast that includes peanut butter and jam.", "A half a slice of bread covered in peanut butter sitting next to a half a slice of bread covered with jelly on a cutting board next to a knife.", "A peanut butter and jelly sandwich is cut in half.", "A piece of bread with jelly and peanut butter.", "The sandwich is divided in half, one side peanut butter and the other side is jelly. "]
["A man chasing a soccer ball on top of a field.", "A Chelsea football player runs for the ball", "A man is chasing a soccer ball in a field", "the cover of a magazine with a soccer player on the front", "We are looking at the cover of a soccer magazine."]
["a woman handing a boy a piece of cake on a plate", "A mother handing her son a piece of cake on a  paper plate.", "A boy is given a piece of cake to eat.", "A woman hands a boy a piece of cake. ", "A woman is handing a boy a piece of cake."]
["A chocolate cake topped with lots of raspberries.", "A chocolate cake is topped with red raspberries.", "there is a piece of cake that has many raspberries on it", "A big chocolate cake sitting on a plate with strawberries on the cake ", "Part of chocolate cake with raspberries on top. "]
["A group of young boys playing a game of soccer.", "A group of children playing soccer on a field", "Various boys in maroon and white shirts playing soccer.", "a group of young children on a field playing soccer", "A group of boys playing soccer on a field."]
["A little boy sitting in front of a birthday cake.", "A boy sitting at a table with a birthday cake and a candle lit on top of it. ", "A boy sits behind his birthday cake with monsters on it.", "A young boy smiles as he sits in front of a birthday cake.", "there is a boy smiling next to a birthday cake"]
["A soccer player from Chelsea is on the cover of Chelseafc.", "The cover of a magazine shows a man playing soccer.", "A poster of a soccer player is set in an arena. ", "a magazine cover showing a man getting ready to kick a soccer ball ", "A person runs after a soccer ball and smiles."]
["A bed covered in pillows sitting underneath a window.", "A bed with pillows near a  bright window", "A BED WITH A LOT OF PILLOWS AND A WINDOW ", "Made up bed with pillows on top and a window next to it", "A bed is shown with clothes on it."]
["some black and white pillows on a white bed", "Pillows and blanket with sunlight cast over them through window", "Sunlight shines through uncovered window unto the big bed in front of it", "A bed with pillows next to a window.", "Sunlight is beaming in onto a small made bed."]
["A man sitting in front of a tv tray in front of a cake.", "A man has his fingers up and tongue out sitting over a cake.", "A man makes the devil horns sign with his hands over a pentagram. ", "A man making hand gestures over a highly decorated cake. ", "A MAN IS MAKING A FACE WITH A CAKE "]
["A black and white photo of a man holding his child in the water.", "An adult carries a child and a surfboard through the waves.", "person holding a child and a surf board are standing in the vast ocean", "Man carrying a child and surfboard in the ocean.", "A surfer carrying a surfboard and a child in the water."]
["Two burritos on a plate with a spoon next to a pack of cigarettes.", "A plate of food next to a cup of coffee on a table with a computer.", "Food on a plate beside coffee and cigarettes. ", "Two pastries on a dish with a spoon turn upside down on the plate.", "A breakfast consisting of food, coffee, and cigarettes."]
["A bed that has pillows and blankets on it.", "A neatly made bed in what seems to be a hotel room on a cruise ship. ", "A clean, decorated bedroom is pictured in this image.", "A hotel room with plenty of pillows and a round mirror.", "A bed sitting under a window in a bedroom."]
["There are a bed, chair, couch, tv stand and desk in a room.", "The room has a bed, couch, television, desk, chairs, and window.", "A wide angle view of this hotel suite", "A bed and a coach in a large hotel room", "A bed and a couch in a small room."]
["Someone who is applying some chocolate on a cake.", "A cake with a knife on the table", "A knife spreading chocolate on a cake, with a knife.", "A chocolate cake is being frosted with chocolate frosting.", "A woman is spreading frosting on top of the cake"]
["A female surfer lying on her surf board in the water as a wave pushes her", "There is a woman on a surfboard in the ocean.", "Woman lying down on a surfboard coming in from the ocean.", "A woman laying on a surfboard riding a wave.", "a really hot girl surfing in the ocean "]
["A smiling toddler on a surfboard with a fake wave simulating surfing.", "A smiling toddler standing on a surfboard with a fake wave next to him simulating surfing.", "Young child peering at simulated water wave in outdoor setting.", "a child on a surf board in the surf", "A child on a surf board in a fake wave.", "A very small child on a surf board near a big fake wave."]
["A hotel room with two full sized beds.", "A couple of beds and a desk in a room.", "a hotel room with 2 beds a tv a dresser a desk and a chair", "A typical American hotel room with two double beds", "A hotel suite with double beds in the room"]
["A kid sitting on a bed with a book.", "A small child sitting on a bed reading a book.", "a child in a small bed with a book", "The little boy is sitting on his bed reading a book.", "A young boy reading a book on top of a child's bed."]
["A group of men playing soccer in a park.", "People outside playing soccer in a park with people watching. ", "Two men playing a game of soccer on a grass field.", "A group of people playing soccer in a park", "Several men playing soccer in a park with a few onlookers."]
["Someone riding waves on their surf board in the ocean.", "a surfer surfing on a white board on a sunny day", "A surfer at the crest of a wave in a pale blue body of water.", "a surfer riding on a small wave in the ocean", "A person surfing on the surfboard in the sea. "]
["a man is blowing out candles on a cake", "The man is blowing out the birthday candles.", "a man blowing out candles on a cake.", "A man blowing out candles on a cake held by a woman.", "A woman holding a cake with candles in it, as a man blows them out."]
["a male paddle boarder water and a swimmer", "A man riding a surfboard in the waves of a body of water.", "A man riding a paddle board on top of a wave.", "Their is a person a surfboard going over a wave", "a person riding a surf board with a paddle"]
["The man has enjoyed many years as a surfer.", "a male surfer in black shorts carrying a white board", "A white-haired man with tattoos carries his surfboard along the shoreline.", "The man is walking with his surfboard on the beach by the water.", "A tattooed surfer walking on the beach with his board"]
["A large three layer happy birthday cake on a plate..", "A large birthday cake decorated with cereal and a caterpillar sits on a round plate.", "A cake with candy wishes a boy a happy birthday.", "Very colorful birthday cake with balloon decorations and a candle.", "A birthday cake is decorated with candy and cereal."]
["A boy in the grass kicking a soccer ball and another player standing near the net. ", "A young man kicking around a blue soccer ball.", "A human a doing something right now that is full.\n", "A teenager playing soccer on a school field.", "A soccer player practices handling a soccer ball."]
["A team of young children playing soccer. ", "a group of people playing soccer on a field", "A group of kids who are playing soccer.", "Two teams playing soccer in a soccer field near a parking lot.", "Several people running with a soccer ball on a field."]
["Two soccer teams playing against each other on a field.", "Young boys playing soccer on field in urban area.", "A man in blue and white and a man in white are near a soccer ball on a field.", "Three boys playing a soccer game on a green soccer field.", "kids out on the field playing soccer together"]
["A bedroom with an old bedspread and a very cluttered wooden night stand.", "A bed between a night stand and bureau with a flowered comforter and a pile of books in the corner on the night stand.", "Comforter covered bed in semi unkempt bright bedroom.", "A bed roughly made with a flowered quilt ", "A bed sitting next to two dressers and a chair by a window."]
["A man and a woman cut a cake together.", "The couple is cutting their wedding cake together.", "Two people cut a cake on a table", "A man and woman cutting a cake and smiling.", "a woman is standing over a white cake"]
["A bed in a bedroom between two lamps.", "A hotel bedroom with luggage placed near the bed.", "A BEDROOM WITH A BLANKET IN IT ", "A hotel room with focus on the bed and tables.", "A hotel room with a large bed and some luggage."]
["A pair of people stand with a soccer ball in the middle of them.", "A young man in a sweat suit preparing to kick a soccer ball.", "Two men stand in a paved urban area with a ball.", "A parking lot with 2 men kicking a ball around.", "A couple of people standing on a court with a ball."]
["a person getting a piece of pizza pie", "A small pizza sitting on top of a cutting board.", "A small sliced pizza by a persons hands.", "A person slices a small pizza with a knife.", "A pizza with cheese and sauce being cut. "]
["Two women standing behind a birthday cake that is sparking.", "A cake made of twinkies with a sparkler as a candle.", "Two females staring behind a cake on a table with a large candle.", "Birthday cake with firework style candle in front of two girls.", "A cake with a sparkler sticking out of it's center."]
["A room is shown with a bed and luggage.", "A suitcase that is in a empty bedroom.", "A luggage bag is next to a dresser in a bedroom. ", "A suitcase sitting in a hotel room with a king size bed.", "A large wooden piece of furniture next to a piece of luggage."]
["Half of a cake with various layers on a foil covered plate.", "A half of a cake with a butter knife", "A brown cake that has half of it missing.", "A half eaten baked good in a tinfoil lined pie tin.", "One half of a layer cake that is left after eating."]
["A surfer is riding back side on a wave.", "A surfer is in the middle of a large ocean wave.", "A single surfer riding a wave as it crashes around him", "A person on a surfboard in the water.", "A surfer in wetsuit in the curl of a wave", "A person surfing under a wave in the ocean."]
["A white plate topped with cheesy pizza and toppings.", "A personal sized pizza with herbs and mozzarella. ", "a fully baked pizza sitting on a plate on a table", "One of the slices of pizza has been turned upside down.", "A whole pizza sliced and on a plate."]
["A man is standing in a bedroom with his shirt unbuttoned.  ", "A man standing in a bedroom, his shirt unbuttoned.", "A man with and unbuttoned shirt standing in a bedroom.", "a person standing in a bedroom next to a bed", "Man with open shirt standing next to bed."]
["An air mattress, plastic chair and bike decorate this room.", "A small bike sitting up against a wall in a bedroom.", "A kids tricycle is sitting in a room", "A room with a kid's bicycle, a chair, a stroller, a cabinet, and a mattress.", "A large open room has a small bed and a bicycle."]
["These children are sleeping in the same bed.", "Two blond boys sleeping while sharing a bed.", "Two children sleeping side by side in a bed.", "A couple of kids laying in a bed.", "Two little boys are sleeping on a bed."]
["A slice of pizza sitting on a plate on top of a box.", "A piece of pizza sits on a paper plate.  ", "A slice of pizza on a plate sitting on top of the pizza box. ", "A slice of pizza sitting on top of a paper plate.", "One slice of cheese pizza sits on a paper plate on top of a cardboard carryout box."]
["A large pizza with topping served on a wooden board", "A sliced pizza with salad on it sitting on a table.", "A pizza with spinach, pepperoni and cheese with sauce.", "The pizza is ready on the table to be eaten. ", "VEGETABLE PIZZA AS BIG AS THE TABLE IT SITS ON"]
["A surfer crashes into the ocean after riding a wave.", "A man riding a wave on a surfboard.", "A man falling off a surfboard into the ocean", "A man falling off a surfboard in the ocean.", "a man in a wetsuit riding a wave with a surfboard"]
["Classroom of students with laptops all around a large table.", "A conference table has multiple laptops on it", "A classroom is filled with students staring and surrounding a table full of open laptops.", "Young adults viewing set up notebook computers. ", "A group of people standing around a table with a bunch of laptops."]
["An uneaten traditional pizza served at a table.", "a deep crust pizza on a white plate", "A medium sized pizza on a white plate.", "A thick crust pizza with garlic and tomato sauce.", "The small personal pizza is on a plate."]
["Picture of younger man sitting on a bed in the dark.", "A nude man sitting on his bed while using his phone", "A guy in a cast sits on the edge of his bed. ", "Man with injured arm sitting on unmade bed looking at something in his hands.", "a person sitting on a near a window and a wall"]
["a close up view of a pie with strussel toppings", "A crust with toppings sitting on a table.", "A pizza sitting on top of a metal counter top.", "A closeup of some kind of food ", "A close up view of some very tasty looking food."]
["A laptop and books sitting on white sheets on a bed. ", "A computer is sitting on a bed with books.", "A computer screen and a book on a bed.", "a computer and books on a mattress bed", "A laptop computer and a book are on a bed."]
["A sliced pizza on a metal pan on a table.", "a pizza sits on a metal pan along with a utensil ", "A spatula sitting on top of a pizza pan.", "A metal tray holding a pizza with a serving device.", "A pan with a half slice of a pizza and a knife next to it"]
["An old photo of a man playing tennis on a grass court.", "A man with a tennis racquet is running across a tennis court as he extends his hand.", "An old time black and white scene with a man running and holding a tennis racket,", "A man wears white on the tennis court as he holds out his racket in front of a crowd.", "A tennis player at a game, going for a hit."]
["A group of well dressed women sitting next to each other with small children.", "A black and white photo of a bunch of women with children", "A large group of women pose together near tennis rackets.", "Black and white photograph of people posing with tennis rackets.", "Old time photo of a family that just played tennis."]
["A blue and white plate holds cut pieces of pizza on it.", "There is a plate filled with pizza slices.", "A plate of cheesey pizza on a blue plate", "A bunch of pizza slices on a colorful plate.", "A pizza cut up in different sized pieces on a plate."]
["an image of a child with headband with a racket", "The little kid with the tennis racket takes his sport seriously.", "A young boy enjoying himself while playing tennis.", "A very young tennis player prepares to receive a serve.", "a child holding a tennis racket on a tennis court."]
["An overhead shot of an attractive living room with large windows.", "An un occupied living room with a flat screen TV and fire place.", "A living room with a white couch and other furniture.", "A living room, and dining area open to a deck.", "A picture of a living room from the top."]
["two slices of pizza sit on a white plate ", "square slices of pizza sit on a plate next to a salad ", "The meal on the plate is ready to be eaten.", "some food is laying out on a plate", "Two slices of pizza with a green salad on a white plate."]
["A large cheese pizza with slices missing from it.", "A cheese pizza is on a tray with pieces missing.", "A sliced cheese pizza on a commercial metal tray", "A cheese pizza is cut into slices on a plate.", "Pizza with two slices taken out of it. "]
["A pizza sitting on top of a pan on a table.", "A pizza with pepperonis, tomatoes and cheese on a pan.", "A fully cooked pizza that has been placed on the table.", "a pizza on a plate with some other food on the same table", "A well done pizza with tomato chunks and sliced tomato is sitting on a white plate on a table."]
["The girl is cutting pizza in her kitchen, the melted cheese clinging  to the knife.", "Two women in a kitchen cutting a pizza.", "Two women are in a kitchen and one of them is cutting a pizza.", "Two young women about to slice a pizza in an apartment.", "Two woman in a kitchen with pizza. "]
["A computer desk topped with a laptop and a monitor.", "THERE IS A OFFICE WITH A LOT OF COMUTERS AND A BOOK CASE ", "a desk with a laptop, extra monitor and keyboard, and a darth vader mask ", "An office with double monitors of a computer ", "An office with a laptop and desktop computer on the desk beside a mask of Darth Vader."]
["two laptops and a computer monior sit next to each other on a desk ", "A couple of laptops on a wooden desk.", "A busy desk with three computers running simultaneously.", "two laptops and a monitor all lit up on a messy desk with an open journal", "Desktop and laptop computers and other office supplies on a desk."]
["A large cut pizza on a pan on a table.", "A pizza sitting on top of a white plate.", "A large cheese pizza has a piece taken out.", "A pizza is shown displayed on a plate.", "A cheese pizza with a few slices missing."]
["A tasty looking pie that is sliced up and ready to eat.", "A pizza sitting at the center of a dining table with a white candle lit next to it.", "A plate with a cut pizza on it, with one of the slices flipped upside down.", "After dinner a family put the left over pizza slices together to take home.", "A large pizza sitting on top of a pizza pan."]
["A little kid standing in front of a paper plate with pizza.", "A very cute small child making a funny face.", "A child eating something off a plate and holding a fork.", "A child holding a fork and eating food.", "a small kid enjoying some food off a bowl"]
["A partially sliced pizza with one piece turned upside down", "That pan of pizza does not look very delicious.", "a close up of a sliced pizza on a plan on a table", "A half sliced cheese pizza near a fork, a knife, and a glass.", "One of the slices of a huge pizza is turned upside down."]
["A woman standing on a  tennis court holding a racquet.", "A tennis player prepares to hit a tennis ball during a match.", "A PICTURE OF A TENNIS PLAYER PLAYING A GAME ", "A tennis player preparing to hit the ball.", "A woman hitting a ball with a tennis racquet."]
["A cheesy pizza has mushrooms sliding off of it.", "A pizza it sitting on a plate with toppings hanging over the side.", "A piece of thick crust pizza on a plate.", "A slice of pizza covered in sausage on a white plate.", "A cheesy pizza with mushrooms on it on a white plate."]
["A guy cutting a pizza on a long counter.", "There is a man cutting one of two pizzas.", "a person cutting a pizza in a box ", "A man is cutting a pizza with a pizza cutter.", "A man cuts a pizza in a box."]
["A cheese pizza with a couple of slices missing.", "A large prepared piece, sliced and ready to eat on a serving platter.", "A cheese pizza inside its delivery box with one slice facing upside down.", "a gross looking pizza that it half bunt ", "there is a pizza with only cheese topping"]
["A pizza sitting inside of a cardboard box covered in toppings.", "This pizza has boiled eggs and onions on it.", "A half of a pizza with mushroom, onions, ham and eggs.", "a half eaten ham egg onion and black olives pizza", "Since when does pizza include deviled eggs and ripe olives?"]
["A lady is eating a salad before digging into a huge pizza sitting in front of her.", "A smiling woman enjoys a salad as an artisan pizza sits on the table before her. ", "A woman sitting at a table in front of a pizza.", "We see a young woman enjoying a meal in a restaurant.", "A person that is eating some food on a table."]
["There is a cheese pizza inside of a pizza box", "A cheese pizza is in a cardboard pizza box.", "a cheese pizza sitting on an open box on a counter ", "The pizza in the box is divided into four slices.", "A cheese pizza inside a box sitting on a table. "]
["A slice of pizza on a  white plate on a  wooden table.", "a slice of cheese pizza in a white plate on a wooden table.", "A plate containing one slice of pepperoni pizza.", "A piece of pizza is sitting on a white plate.", "A slice of thin crust pizza on a white plate."]
["A man standing on a tennis court serving a ball to a group of kids.", "A coach teaching children how to play tennis", "A man holds a racket and a ball to throw to the children.", "A man holding a tennis racket is talking to the kids on the court.", "A man hitting several tennis balls on a tennis court"]
["A box with pizza in it that has different toppings. ", "Someone is lifting a slice of pizza from the box.", "A person getting a slice of pizza from an open box. ", "There is a partial pizza in a box, topped with mushrooms and olives.", "A box with a pizza that has cheese. mushrooms and black olives on it, cut into pieces."]
["A tray with different types of pizza on it", "A brick oven sampler pizza on a table.", "Several pieces of pizza sit on a piece of cardboard.", "There are 3 slices of pizza left on  the tray", "Several different types of pizza are on the plate."]
["A cheesy pizza sitting on top of a table.", "This large pizza has a lot of cheese and tomato sauce.", "A prepared pizza being served at a table.", "A pizza with olive, cheese, tomato and onion.", "Baked pizza with herbs displayed on serving tray at table."]
["A boy swinging a tennis racquet on a court with other kids.", "Kids playing tennis on a clay tennis court.", "Four people playing tennis on a brown court.", "Doubles tennis on an outdoor clay court in a country town.", "Children playing tennis on a clay-court outdoors. "]
["Two slices of vegetarian pizza wait to be eaten", "A person sitting at a table with two slices of pizza.", "Two gigantic pieces of pizza are sitting on a tray in front of a boy.", "Two large slices of pizza on a tray.", "Two slices of caprese-style pizza with tomato, mozzarella, and basil."]
["a man returns the tennis ball with his racket", "a guy who just returned a tennis ball", "Male tennis player just finishing an energetic swing.", "A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A man playing tennis swinging a racket with a green backdrop behind."]
["A person wearing a grey and red shirt is playing tennis.", "A boy waits to swing the racket at a tennis ball", "A view of a man holding a tennis rack awaiting a pitch from his opponent during a tennis match. ", "A person preparing to hit a tennis ball.", "A boy holding a tennis racket in mid-swing."]
["A pair of young men play a doubles game of tennis.", "A couple of men standing on a tennis court holding racquets.", "Two men that are playing a game of tennis. ", "Two people playing doubles in tennis with one getting ready to hit the ball.", "A pair of tennis players getting ready to hit a tennis ball."]
["A mother and three children lounge on a sofa", "A woman sitting on a brown couch with two children.", "A woman and children are watching television from a couch.", "A family is relaxing in their living room.", "a woman and her kids sitting on a brown couch "]
["Three different electronic devices sitting on a brown table.", "an old remote control next to an old cell phone", "A remote and a cell phone laying on a table.", "Three electronic devices sitting close together on a wooden surface", "Two cell phones and an eyeglass case are on a table. "]
["A little girl that is holding a toothbrush.", "a little kid that is brushing her teeth", "Small child holding an electric toothbrush in  their mouth.", "A young child holding an electric toothbrush in its mouth.", "There is a baby who is holding a tooth brush."]
["A young man laying on a sofa using a laptop.", "A person laying down on a sofa looking at a laptop. ", "A man is using his laptop on the couch", "a living room with some really colorful couches ", "A man lying on a pink couch looking at a laptop in a living room."]
["A curtain holds back the sunlight in a living room.", "A living area with sofas and tables and chairs.", "A clean living room with a blanket on the couch and the drapes drawn.", "a red table and a coach in a room", "A living room with a laptop setup on a table next to a couch."]
["A group of what appears to be young people playing on a game system.", "People are using remote controls to play a video game.", "Hands holding game controller with colored blocks and audience in background", "At least four people playing a video game.", "A group of people standing with some remotes."]
["A person with a remote and holding a dog", "A man petting his dog while holding a Wii controller.", "A man pets a large brown dog on its head.", "A man pets his dog while playing a video game", "A man in shorts and button up petting a dog."]
["A person preparing a WII remote in order to play a game.", "A person is holding a nintendo wii controller", "A person holding a Wiimote as they create a game avatar.", "A hand holding a game remote control with a game on the screen in the background.", "A person who is holding a video game controller and playing a game."]
["Two people standing in a living room watching tv.", "two guys standing in a living room playin the wii ", "A man and a woman both stare at a television set.", "A pair of people stand in a living room watching a television on a console table.", "two people in a living room with a television and open cupboards"]
["Child in yellow lying in a hospital type bed.", "A boy playing a game with a remote controller.", "This is a child holding a remote to a game console. ", "A young boy who is holding a video game controller.", "A little boy kneeling on a bed with a remote in his hands."]
["two people standing in a living room playing nintendo wii", "Two people standing in a room playing video games", "A couple playing the Wii together in their living room. ", "The people are playing a game on their Wii", "Two people standing in a living room with remotes in their hands."]
["A man in living room with sofa, windows and a fan.", "A man that is sitting down on a couch looking out the window.", "A man floats in the air above the floor.", "A man in the lotus position levitating in a living room.", "A young man floating cross-legged in the air above carpet"]
["One man is taking a photo and two others are holding Wii controllers.", "A group of guys hanging out at work.", "One man holds up a camera while three others stand against a wall.", "A group of men standing around each other with a skateboard.", "Group of people standing in a room, and one of them is taking pictures."]
["a small child and older adult sitting on a couch reading a magazine", "A woman sitting on a sofa reading with a little girl holding a book.", "A little girl holding a remote next to a woman reading a book.", "A young girl holds a remote next to a girl reading a book. ", "Girl looking at magazine sitting next to woman with magazine open"]
["A table topped with three computer monitors next to a green plant covered wall.", "Computers, television, remote, and cell phone setting on a table.", "A bunch of electronics are sitting on a table. ", "A television next to a couple of desktop computers on a desk.", "a table with different monitors on it and keyboards"]
["A desk with a chair, laptop, two computer monitors, and a keyboard.", "A desk with a laptop, keyboard and desktop monitor.", "A desk which has two computer screens and a laptop, as well as other gadgets. ", "A desk with a laptop, computer and two different keyboards. ", "A desk with a chair and a cabinet and a laptop and a light."]
["A laptop, keyboard, monitor and speakers on a hardwood floor.", "A bunch of Apple computer items set on the floor.", "A shot of an Apple machine placed on oak ground. ", "Computer parts and components with monitor and keyboard on wooden floor.", "A computer and some glassware sitting on a wood floor."]
["this living room has many paintings on the walls", "A couch, chairs, and a nice looking picture frame.", "A room with a couch, chairs and art hanging on the wall.", "A room that has a lot of paintings on the wall.", "A room is furnished with couches, rugs, and fancy paintings."]
["A little boy with headphones in front of a computer.", "A young child wearing headphones in front of a computer keyboard.", "A young male child with headphones on is playing on the computer.", "a small kid with headphones on uses a computer ", "A preschool boy looking at a computer while wearing headphones"]
["A kid sitting at a computer wearing headphones.", "A boy is wearing is white headphones at a black computer.", "A boy is sitting at a desk using a computer.", "A young boy wearing headphones using a desktop computer", "A view of a child with headphones on interacting with a computer. "]
["A gorgeous young lady holding  a cell phone in her right hand.", "A smiling woman holds up her pink phone for the camera.", "An attractive young woman is talking on her cel phone.", "A woman is smiling while holding a phone", "An asian woman smiling while holding a cell phone."]
["A woman is standing in front of a large red and white sign.", "A girl smiles while standing in front of a large Target sign.", "a lady that is standing next to a target sign", "Woman looking at cell phone while standing next to wall with artwork.", "A woman standing by a Target sign looking at something."]
["A woman stands in a field holding a kite.", "a women that is flying a big blue kite", "A woman carrying an airplane kite and string.", "A woman holding a large orange, red and blue kite shaped like a fish.", "A closeup view of a kite, with a woman holding it."]
["A little girl standing next to a man on top of a park.", "A girl on a scooter and a boy walking. ", "A boy is flying a butterfly kite while a girl looks on.", "A child flying a butterfly kite while another child rides a scooter. ", "A boy flies a kite while another child rides a scooter."]
["A man standing in a field wearing a hat and jacket.", "A man wearing a suit and hat standing outside on a sunny day.", "People spread out on a field watching distant hot air balloons.", "A group of people flying kites in a big field.", "A man is standing near people who are flying kites."]
["A crowded beach with many kites flying ", "People on a sunny beach flying various kites", "There are many large kites flying above the beach.", "Many people are flying kites on a beach.", "A large group of people flying some kites."]
["A woman standing next to the ocean flying a colorful kite.", "A girl dressed in black flying a colorful kite near the water.", "A girl is flying a kite near the water.", "A woman flying a kite near a body of water.", "A woman is flying a kite near the ocean."]
["A black and white picture of accessories in a store. ", "a quaint store with products on display ", "A store has displays of pans and other things.", "A shop with fans and other things for sale", "Several shelves of old lights, clocks and Valentines merchandise."]
["A blue sink is in a corner cut out.", "a close up of a sink with many items on a counter", "A counter with various grooming products on it.", "A wash station with a sink, and brushes.", "The saloon hair care station has many brushes and combs."]
["A group of people standing on a hill tossing a boomarang", "A person flying a kite while on a grassy slope.", "A man controls a kite while several people watch.", "A man and other people are throwing things in a field.", "The man is flying a kite while the other two people watch."]
["A young man attempting to fly a kite on a forest hillside.", "A teen flying a kite in a hilly area while other people relax nearby.", "A boy flying a kite in a park.", "A boy flying a kite in a park.", "A statue of a man holding a red kite in the park. "]
["a woman holds a kite over her head ", "A woman is outside preparing to fly a kite", "a woman holding onto a colorful kte on a sunny day", "A woman holding a small kite in the air.", "A women who is holding up a kite."]
["A crowd of people standing on a green field before a capital building.", "A view of the capitol building, in front of a park.", "A group of people have a rally in front of the capitol. ", "A large group of people gather to fly kites.", "A large group of people on a grass field."]
["A man standing on a beach flying a kite in the sky.", "A man on a beach flying a kite high in the air.", "A man near a body of water flies a kite.", "A man on a beach holding a kite.", "A person is standing on the beach with a kite flying."]
["A man wearing orange swinging a bat in the snow.", "Man in winter clothing delivering hit with bat to ball.", "A person wearing an orange hooded jacket holding a baseball bat.", "A man with a baseball bat in the snow.", "two men playing baseball in the freezing snow"]
["A man hitting a baseball with a bat.", "There is an old fashioned picture of a ball player hitting a ball with a bat.", "A man in an old-fashioned baseball uniform hits a ball with a bat.", "The old picture features a man in suit hitting a baseball with his bat.", "A man is hitting a baseball with a baseball bat."]
["A baseball player poses on a baseball card.", "A man posing for a picture while holding a baseball bat.", "A man holding a baseball bat posing for a picture.", "A baseball card with an old school player.", "A man dressed in dark colors holding a bat."]
["An old stove and trash bags sit on the curb.  ", "A tossed stove with fish drawn on the sides.", "An old stove sitting on the curb with the trash.", "a washing machine with some writing on the side of it ", "An old junked stove with a bag of trash sitting on the side of the road."]
["Man holding a blood spattered base ball bat", "A man in a dress shirt holding a bat over his shoulder.", "A man wearing glasses holding a baseball bat.", "a person holding a baseball bat on a dark background", "A man in a suit is resting a bat on his shoulder."]
["ball is pitched from the mound and is the way to the batter", "a baseball game being played in front of a crowd of people", "A baseball player getting ready to hit a ball at a game.", "A baseball game with a team on the field and a batter in the batters box", "A baseball game in progress with the ball halfway to the batter."]
["A bat with colors and nails in it is shown.", "A group of baseball bats with nails sticking out of them.", "A ornamental display of brightly decorated wooden dowels. ", "Baseball bats converted to colorful pieces of art.", "Several baseball bats that have been colored at the end."]
["A baseball player from the turn of the century poses for a baseball card.", "A black and white photograph of a man with a baseball bat.", " a gentleman posing in a baseball uniform while holding a baseball bat.", "A man in a baseball uniform holding a bat.", "A vintage photograph of a baseball player from Boston."]
["A baseball player swinging a bat on a field.", "a hot air balloon on the ground by a baseball team\n", "A BASEBALL GAME OUT ON THE PARK ", "some baseball players are playing baseball on a field", "A baseball player swings his bat behind him."]
["Professional baseball player at bat at citi stadium.", "A baseball player standing on a baseball field swinging a bat. ", "A baseball player has just swung his bat at a pitch.", "A baseball player has swung a baseball bat.", "A baseball player swinging his bat in front of a crowd."]
["A baseball player swinging at the pitch from the mound.", "a man about to take a swing at a base ball. ", "there is a male baseball player that is at bat", "The baseball player in the red helmet is swinging at a pitch.", "The batter is is at bat and is tracking the pitch."]
["The flowers are in a tall clear vase with water.", "The glass vase has orange and white flowers and green leaves.", "Orange and white flowers placed in a clear frozen vase.", "A vase filled with flowers on top of a table.", "Picture of white and orange flowers in a vase"]
["The pitcher is lurching toward the batter, the ball is en-route to the plate, the batter is ready to swing, as the outfielders and umpires look on.", "A baseball game in process with fans looking on. ", "A baseball game where the pitcher has already thrown the ball.", "A batter prepares to swing at a pitch in a baseball game.", "A baseball game is in progress with 4 players and 2 umpires on the field"]
["Young kid playing tee ball with a young woman watching", "A boy is swinging a bat at a T-Ball stand. ", "A young child up to bat during teeball.", "A young boy playing a game of tee ball.", "a small boy takes a swing at a t-ball stand."]
["A group of baseball players playing a game of baseball.", "A group of payers gathered on a baseball field", "An umpire consults with the catcher at a baseball game.", "A batter stands near home plate near a catcher and umpire.", "a baseball player on a field holding a baseball bat"]
["A sinister SOB smoking a cigarette holding a blood soaked baseball bat in a dark demonic oom.", "a person holds a cigarette and a baseball bat", "A man smoking a cigarette while holding a bat. ", "A man smoking a cigarette holds a bloody baseball bat across his shoulder.", "A man is holding a baseball bat and a cigarette."]
["A baseball player with a bat in his hand being watched by a crowd of people. ", "A baseball player prepares to knock a ball out of the park.", "A baseball player at home plate and turning towards the catcher area while holding a bat.", "The crowd is watching the baseball batter wearing a red helmet.", "A batter in a baseball game attempts to not be struck by the pitch."]
["A young man taking a swing at a baseball", "A boy in a black shirt playing baseball on a field.", "Boy standing at home plate holding a baseball bat", "A young boy prepares to swing a baseball bat.", "a young baseball player standing with a bat"]
["A young boy who is batting at a baseball game.", "A young boy holds a baseball bat during a game.", "The little boy is playing a game of baseball outside.", "A small child preparing to hit a ball during a game of baseball.", "a young baseball player with a bat on the field "]
["A white plate topped with sliced of pizza.", "A white plate has cheese pizza on it and a slice upside down.", "cheese pizza with leaves on it and cheese and tortilla shells ", "A pizza and cheese crisp are shown on a plate.", "Three slices of cheese pizza and a quesadilla are on a plate."]
["A pizza with cheese, sauce and spinach leaves.", "Thin crust pizza on a pizza pan with a variety of toppings", "A cheese pizza on a white plate atop a wooden table.", "a large pizza is sitting on a pan", "A plate of cheese pizza on a dinner table."]
["A white table topped with a pizza and a pan of food.", "A large table containing several bottles of juice, a pizza, a pan of food, plates, napkins and plastic utensils", "A desk of food that includes a pizza and bottles of juice.", "Deserts on a decks with bottle of orange juice.", "A white table has pizza and orange juice and plates and napkins on it."]
["A person at a table eating some food.", "A man sitting at a table eating food.", "The person is in the restaurant eating pizza.", "A young man is taking a bite of a slice of pizza near companions.", "A man biting into a piece of food next to a glass of beer."]
["a big slice of cheese pizza on a white plate ", "A person holding a paper plate with a slice of pizza on it.", "A slice of New York style cheese pizza on a paper plate", "A pizza on a white plate held by someone", "A hand holding a paper plate with a slice of cheese pizza."]
["Three pizzas sitting next to each other in boxes.", "Two smaller pizzas sit beside a large pizza topped with tortilla chips.", "Three pizzas inside their delivery boxes, one with two side orders of sauce.", "One pizza is larger than two other pizzas.", "Three pizza boxes with pizza in them are open."]
["A girl rared back with her racquet on a court.", "a girl hitting a ball with a tennis racket", "A young girl is playing tennis with a yellow racket.", "a young tennis player swinging a racket ", "A female tennis player in action on the court."]
["A young lady learning to play tennis preparing to hit a ball", "A young girl about to hit a tennis ball with her racket.", "A young girl hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racquet.", "a kid practicing playing tennis by her self ", "A young girl in pink swinging a tennis racquet on a hard surface tennis court."]
["a slice of pizza turned up side down on a paper plate", "Toasted flatbread on a paper plate is presented for a picture.", "Paper plate with a slice of quesadilla on it\n", "A pizza that is upside down on a plate. ", "a slice of pizza laying upside down on a paper plate"]
["Tennis match in process with a female about to serve the ball.", "A woman is playing tennis on a gray court.", "A female tennis player is taking an overhand swing.", "A woman about to serve a ball on a tennis court.", "A tennis player prepares to return the ball at a tennis match."]
["A large stone building with a tower and arched windows.", "Picture of a Gothic church with a blue sky in the background.", "A grey clock tower with various decorative additions.", "A very tall church with a clock on it.", "The bell tower rises over an old church."]
["A table with a vase filled with flowers sitting on top of it.", "A base with orange, yellow and white flowers on a table.", "A table has a flower arrangement in a vase by the window.", "A table with three vases and flowers in one of them", "A table in the dining area with two vases flanking another with flowers."]
["Purple lilacs in a watering can on a windowsill.", "Flowers growing in a real watering can on a window sill.", "A plant filled with purple blooms planted in a blue watering can.", "A watering can flower pot with flowers in it. ", "A vase with flowers sits on a window sill."]
["Blue dishes sitting on a shelf with a plant and flowers. ", "Many jars, figurines, and vases are on a window sill.", "A shelf in a window filled with vases and plants.", "A shelf next to a window holding plants and blue glassware.", "Blue vases and potted plants sit in a window, overlooking a lawn."]
["A remote laying beside a box of tissues with a lap top behind them.", "a table with some paper and a remote sitting on it ", "A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "The laptop is left open on the desk in  the room. ", "A blurred picture of a laptop and a box of tissues. "]
["A well-used laptop computer next to a pristine Macbook Pro", "two laptops open to the same page on the internet", "Two open laptops right next to each other.", "Two laptops next to each other are open on the desk. ", "two silver laptops sitting next to each other"]
["An open laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.", "A laptop computer on a desk with posters on the wall behind it.", "A laptop sitting on a desk in a room.", "A laptop sitting on top of a desk in a house. ", "A laptop computer sits on a desk with a mouse. "]
["allot of plants surrounded by concrete with a building that has a clock in the background. ", "There is a clock tower on the building.", "A large building with a clock is seen through a fence.", "A wooden gate in front of shrubs and trees with a tall clock tower in the background. ", "A very tall clock tower towering over a city."]
["A few people looking at a television that's next to a laptop.", "Three people sit in front of a laptop connected to a television.", "Group of people watching TV on two screens.", "A group of people in living room with a laptop and television.", "A group of people are surrounding a tv and watching it."]
["A man using a laptop computer on top of a wooden table.", "Two people sitting at a table with a laptop.", "a glass of beer a woman in a black top and a laptop", "A man typing on a laptop while sitting at a restaurant.", "some people are sitting at a restaurant having a meal"]
["A person and a laptop in a room.", "a guy checking out a laptop computer in a store", "A man using a laptop at work ", "A man using a laptop, while holding it.", "A man standing in front of a laptop computer."]
["Several people looking at a television screen, one of whom holds a camera.", "A group of people standing in front of a display.", "A cameraman filming a man giving a presentation on a computer.", "A group of people looking at a large monitor in a room. ", "A group of people standing around a laptop and television."]
["A group of people cutting a ceremonial ribbon with great delight.", "a number of people standing close to one another cutting a ribbon", "People smile as they take part in a ribbon cutting.", "A group of men and a woman in crown at a tape cutting ceremony.", "People are posing for a picture with a beauty pageant contestant."]
["There is a cloth heart on the stuffed teddy bear. ", "A Teddy bear with a heart is lying on the ground.", "Weathered stuffed toy bear lying on rocky ground. ", "A teddy bear with a heart on it lays dirtily on the ground.", "A large brown teddy bear laying on top of the ground."]
["A group of people sitting at a table with laptops.", "A woman listening to something with headphones from a laptop.", "People participate in a conference call in the lobby", "A group of white folks sit in front of laptop computers.", "Multiple people are sitting around working on computers."]
["A man is typing at his laptop computer.", "a person sitting with a laptop and a cell phone ", "A man that is sitting down with a laptop.", "A man types on a laptop computer in a dim room. ", "a man looking at his latop as he sits in a chair"]
["A man rests on the ground with his hand to his head; his Macbook rests in his lap.", "a man sits down while using a laptop ", "A man sitting down while using a laptop computer.", "A man who is sitting on the ground working on his laptop.", "A man sitting on the ground holding a laptop."]
["Group of teddy bears with holiday clothes on a red carpet. ", "As assortment of four stuffed animal brown bears", "A group of teddy bears all dressed in Pilgrim and Halloween outfits.", "A group of stuffed animals are united together.", "A group of stuffed animals on a red fabric."]
["Lady standing at a computer screen that's sitting on a table.", "A woman wearing head phones using a computer.", "a girl wearing head phones standing in front of a laptop", "Woman with big headphones on stands at table in front of monitor", "A man sitting at  table and a a woman standing up and looking at a computer screen."]
["two guys and two girls watching a computer", "A couple of women standing around a laptop computer.", "A group of people who are standing in front of a laptop.", "People looking down at laptops on a table.", "Several people standing up and looking at laptops that are on a table."]
["Two women standing in front of a laptop computer.", "Two women who are working on a lap top computer.", "Two women working on a computer with information on wall behind the computer.", "a close up of two people operating a cell phone", "Two ladies at a desk working on a laptop computer."]
["A woman in tech support teaches computer skills.", "two women and one in a blue top and a laptop", "Two women are working on a computer at the office.", "A couple of people at a laptop by a desk.", "Two ladies sitting at a laptop at a business."]
["A person on a laptop sitting in a room.", "a couple of people sitting down watching a lap top", "A man is listening intently in a lecture hall. ", "A man sitting and looking at something with his hand to his mouth.", "A man in a yellow shirt wearing glasses."]
["A laptop sits on the table with its case.", "A computer pad showing its model name on top of a carrying case.", "The Dell tablet and its protective case are displayed.", "A laptop computer and flowered computer carrying sleeve.", "There is a room with various items in the picture.\n"]
["Two cellphones that are laying on a blanket.", "One iPhone has a protective case; the other does not.", "Two iPhones with similar icons but different wallpaper", "a couple of phones sit on a table ", "Two cell phones laying beside each other on a cloth."]
["A table with a fall arrangement sits in a large room.", "I THINK THIS IS A RECEPTION HALL AND ITS FULLY DECORATED", "A room with several tables with center pieces. ", "A center piece on a round table at a party.", "A group of tables decorated for a large party."]
["A prepared formal dining table set and ready for guests.", "a dining room set with tables for reserved guests", "The middle of a banquet hall during the day.", "Fine dining location with a reserve tag on a large white table.", "A fancily set table at a dinner party."]
["A table topped with lots of candles and flowers.", "A vase of flowers is sitting in the middle of the table.", "A bouquet of flowers on a table top with surrounding glassware and candles.  ", "A colorful flower centerpiece is surrounded by candles and wine glasses.", "A beautiful flower arrangement on a dining table surrounded by candles and glasses."]
["A man cooks pizzas in a fire kiln.", "a man is making pizza in his brick stove oven", "A man making pizzas in front of a wood burning pizza oven.", "A chef baking pizzas with a fire oven and toppings.", "A man cooking a pizza in a large oven."]
["A group of people sitting around a wooden table in front of a projection screen.", "A woman using a huge screen to make a presentation to other people.", "A trainer is giving a video presentation to a class.", "people sitting at tables with computers and papers on it, in front of a screen and a lady standing at the front of the room and presenting.", "The presenter's notes are projected on the screen."]
["A  brown vase filled with two purple flowers.", "Two purple flowers are in a brown vase.", "An odd shaped flower vase with two flowers in it.", "A display of a purple flower in a brown vase.", "The vase is used to display purple flowers."]
["A brown vase is holding a bouquet of pink flowers.", "Pink flowers contained in a brown vase outside.", "Vase full of peonies in a room with a cement floor.", "A vase filled with pink flowers sitting on a table.", "Flowers in a brown and oddly shaped vase."]
["A person sitting in front of a wooden desk with a laptop.", "Typing on lap top that is sitting on a desk.", "The man is using his laptop on the desk. ", "Laptop on a brown wood table with a hand in front of it.", "HAND REACHING OVER A VERY TINY LAP TOP COMPUTER"]
["a blanket spread out with many items that have to do with electronics on it", "Display of audio equipment, cell phones and other electronics ", "A laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.", "a table with electronics laying side by side on top of a towel", "A collection of electronic items and cords sitting on a couch."]
["A large bouquet of flowers in a vase one being a sunflower.", "A counter holding a CD case, cellphone and sunflower.", "Sunflowers sit in a clear glass container on a shelf.", "A desk by a window with flowers on it.", "Sunflowers in a clear glass vase on a desk."]
["A woman in grey shirt standing n grassy area next to black fence.", "A woman standing alone in a park full of families picnicking", "Woman standing in grassy area near baseball field.", "A woman intently watches a child in a busy park.", "Woman with no shoes standing in a crowded park."]
["Two crackers and hot beverage are on a plate.", "some cookies and a mug on a plate", "Coffee and cookies served on a blue plate.", "a beverage filled mug and two cookies on a plate", "this is an image of a cup of tea with cookies"]
["two plates some food and a fork knife and spoon", "Pancakes, hashbrowns and eggs on plates with a glass of juice nearby.", "Two plates of breakfast foods on a table. ", "A potato, egg and pancake breakfast served on two plates.", "A hearty breakfast consisting of eggs, hash browns and pancakes served on two dinner plates."]
["A person standing in front of a counter at a restaurant.", "An industrial kitchen with chefs preparing food in it", "There is a small restaurant with metal kitchen appliances", "A person behind a pile of stuff in an industrial kitchen.", "A man at a counter in a kitchen with a red chair. "]
["Some old-time ovens sit on the grass at an outdoor market.", "Old stoves sit in a collection in a covered tent.", "Three antique kitchen stove sets are on display.", "A group of antique stoves sits under a tent.", "a set of antique kitchen equipment outside. "]
["A set of statues on top of a really large clock.", "A clock is surrounded by figures on a building", "Clock and figurines on a gold colored building with pillars.", "A decorative clock adorned with sculptures set in a marble building.", "A clock on a building has statues around it."]
["A clock that is on the side of a building.", "An ornate clock sculpture depicting angels is surrounded by marble columns.", "A clock with many detailed figures standing and sitting.", "Large clock was statues on the side of the building. ", "a clock with a statue of many peaple"]
["A large clock mounted to the side of a building.", "A clock in an old building, above pillars and below a half round stain glass window.", "A clock mounted in the decorative wall of a building.", "A old building with a clock on the inside ", "A clock on a set of statue displays over an entrance with columns."]
["There are two toy donkeys on a cell phone.", "Two small toy figures sitting on a cell phone.", "Two small toys on top of a flip mobile phone.", "A cell phone with small colorful animal figurines on top of it.", "Two small animal figurines on the keypad of a cellphone."]
["two women sitting and looking at a cell phone ", "two people siting on a curb with a cell phone ", "Two women are sitting outside and looking at a phone.", "Two women discussing a cell phone while sitting on a garden edge", "A woman shows a man her cellphone while sitting. "]
["A young man dribbles a basketball as his companion talks on a phone.", "A man in a blue jacket bouncing a ball at an airport.", "A young man holding a helmet or ball in his hand", "Two people standing near each other playing basketball ", "A kid playing basketball and another kid on the phone."]
["A man and a lady holding up some cameras near each other.", "Two tourists taking photos of the city with their phones.", "A man and woman back to back taking photos of the view ", "two people taking pictures of a view of the city", "A couple of people with cell phones standing together."]
["there is a monk standing in front of a building", "A person in a toga holding a cell phone by a monastery.", "A person standing in front of a large temple.", "A person taking a picture of a building with a camera.", "A monk takes a picture of a temple with his phone."]
["Two girls are sitting on a couch looking at cellphones.", "a close up of two people using cell phones", "Two young ladies sitting on a couch texting on their cell phones.", "two women are sitting on a couch texting on their phones", "Two girls are keeping up with their friends."]
["Two women comparing info on their phones in the room", "Two women looking down at their cell phones.", "Two women standing next to each other looking at a phone.", "A couple of people standing with a cell phone.", "Two woman showing each other something on their phones"]
["A person that is on their phone doing something.", "two hands are holding a cellphone and typing", "A person sends a text message on their phone.", "A man holding a smart phone while sitting in a chair.", "A person pushes the letter \"L\" on a smartphone. "]
["A coffee maker and microwave in a room.", "A coffee pot and microwave are on a white counter.", "A counter with a coffee maker and a microwave. ", "A coffeepot with some coffee in it, near a microwave.", "A kitchen counter with some appliances on it"]
["a big old stove that is attached to the wall", "A brick oven that is baking a pizza.", "A bread oven with a wood fire burning in it.", "a close up of a stone oven ", "there is a large brick oven that is empty"]
["A restaurant kitchen under construction in a building.", "a few people that are standing in a kitchen", "There are people that are standing around making flour", "Two men are working in a commercial kitchen to cook food.", "There are two men working in an industrial kitchen."]
["A black stove with two ovens build into it. ", "A stove top made of glass with an oven below.", "Two pans are on the burners of a black stove. ", "a close up of a stove with two pots ", "Two metal tins rest on a stove top oven"]
["A woman's face sitting in front of an oven that has a pan of food in it.", "A woman leans slightly in front of an oven with food inside.", "A woman's face next to an oven cooking food.", "a girl is cooking food in the oven.", "The woman cooks the food in the oven."]
["An empty refrigerator with freezer with both doors open.", "A mini fridge with freezer has both doors wide open. ", "A black refrigerator with both of its doors open. ", "A refrigerator with both the freezer and fridge doors open", "A fridge with its doors opens stands in a room."]
["A metallic refrigerator freezer sitting inside of a kitchen.", "An empty kitchen with a silver refrigerator and green counter top.", "A stainless steel refrigerator and light tan cabinets in a kitchen.", "A slim, modern fridge is next to some clean, sleek cabinets.  ", "A wine rack, cabinets, drawers and refrigerator in a kitchen."]
["A wooden clock sitting up against a white wall.", "A wooden clock in the background with some steel pieces in front.", "A close up view of a very pretty clock.", "A large clock in a wooden cabinet standing next to the wall ", "A square wooden clock that reads 10:33 with a silver arch in front of it."]
["a home bar with assorted alcohol bottles and strings of lights.  ", "A bar with colored lights sitting above a white refrigerator.", "Home made decorated bar in front of a couch. ", "A room is decorated with m any lights and signs", "A cluttered basement with a fridge and many lights."]
["Slater Menswear clock on the side of a Slater Menswear building.", "A blue and gold clock on the side of a tan wall.", "A black clock mounted on to a building.", "there is a black and gold clock on this building", "A black and gold clock in front of a large building. "]
["A large building with a clock on the front of it.", "A building has a clock on the side of it. ", "A clock that is mounted in front of a building.", "a blue clock sitting next to a building", "A black and gold clock sits against an old building."]
["A kitchen area with two refrigerators and a microwave.", "A freezer chest is sitting in between kitchen cabinets. ", "Two large special storage pantries in a large kitchen.", "A kitchen with a huge ice box and some tile flooring.", "Appliances, shelves, drawers and fruit in a kitchen."]
["A couple of flowers inside a clear vase.", "A vase of flowers is sitting on a white table.", "A vase filled with purple and orange flowers.", "A bunch of colorful flowers stands inside of a glass vase.", "A vase has greenery and flowers in it."]
["Floral arrangement in small glass vase on table outdoors.", "A vase filled with red and white flowers.", "A bouquet of flowers on a small table that is by a window.", "The roses have been placed in the small vase.", "a vase that has some flowers in it"]
["A vase sitting on top of a table filled with flowers.", "A vase of purple wildflowers on an outdoor table.", "Purple flowers in a vase on a table", "Deck chairs stand against a blue table, atop which sits a purple vase with lilacs in it. ", "Purple flowers sit in a vase atop an outdoor table."]
["A bar filled with lots of bottles of alcohol.", "A few people are hanging out and appreciating their time. \n", "a clock is hanging up in a bar", "A bar is fully stocked with drinks and is decorated with a quote hanging from the ceiling.", "A clock in a bar with a saying above it on a sign."]
["A clock tower rises above the Port of San Francisco building.", "A lit up clock tower in San Francisco.", "A big Ben on top of a building in the city.  ", "Well lit skyscrapers and a clock tower in the evening.", "Clock tower at the Port of San Francisco. lit against the night sky."]
["A brown teddy bear sitting on the ground next to a comic strip.", "Tiny children's toys and a cartoon  sitting on a carpet.", "There are several toys that are on the floor ", "A cute little teddy bear near a bunch of toys.", "There are a bunch of small toys on the floor together"]
["A large clock tower over a church next to trees.", "A large clock tower above a masonry building.", "The building has an archway going through it.", "The entrance to the old chapel is waiting for visitors,", "A stone entryway that is topped with a clock tower "]
["A tray that has plates of waffles on it.", "a baby sitting on a bed by a tray ful of waffles", "this is a tray with food and a drink on it", "A metal tray with plates of waffles on top of them.", "The plates on the tray have waffles and beverages on it. "]
["A breakfast of grapefruit, toast, and coffee is on the placemat.", "A grapefruit, toast, coffee and other items are on a tray.", "A tray of food with toast, grapefruit and a beverage on it.", "A tray with coffee, toast, yogurt and grapefruit on it.", "A piece of toast and grapefruit half is on a tray."]
["an old stone building with a clock mounted on the side.", "A clock that is sitting on the side of a building.", "A clock tower gives the time on the side of an old building.", "A clock mounted to the side of a tall building.", "A clock tower in the middle of a street that appears old."]
["a clock attached to a the side of a building", "A large clock mounted to the face of a red brick building.", "Looking up at a building at its clock tower.", "An ornate clock attached to the side of a large brick building. ", "An ornamented clock tower beneath bricked arches.  "]
["Big Ben seen in the background behind tree branches.", "Large bricked tower with clocks and spire on cloudy day.", "The Big Ben clock tower sitting beneath a fog filled sky.", "A brown tower with a clock and a steeple and next to it is a tree.", "A big ben type tower on a cold wintery day"]
["A large stone  building with a tall clock tower.", "A brown building with a tower which has a clock on it. ", "A stone clock tower with a cloudy blue sky behind.", "A brick building displaying a clock on the top. ", "A clock tower is displayed by another building."]
["Pink, yellow, and green flowers in a brown vase.", "A lovely flower arrangement takes the stage against an untidy bedroom.", "bouquet of colorful flowers in a small vase", "A vase filled with yellow purple and green flowers.", "A small vase contains an assortment of flowers in a bedroom."]
["A  vase of flowers displayed at the front windows of a store.", "A white vase with white flowers and two candles on a table.", "Vase of flowers behind a glass window in a building.", "A vase filled with white orchids in the window of a restaurant.", "The table has a vase with a white floral centerpiece."]
["A vase filled with lots of different colored flowers.", "a big mess of flowers in some kind of vases", "A couch and a vase of flowers in a room.", "a vase full of colorful flowers in a bedroom ", "A pretty mixture of colorful flowers in a vase."]
["A vase with colorful flowers is sitting on a glass table.", "A brown vase on a table has colorful flowers in it", "a table with flowers on it that is in front of a window.", "A flower vase is sitting on the glass table near the window. ", "A vase full of cut flowers sitting on a table."]
["A vase filled with flowers on top of a table.", "A brown vase filled with colorful flowers on a table", "A bouquet of flowers stands on a table.", "A vase with colorful assorted flowers in it", "The large colorful flowers are purple, yellow, and pink."]
["A vase of fresh, colorful flowers on a table", "A bouquet of brightly colored flowers and greens in a vase", "A bunch of flowers are on a clear glass table.", "A colorful vase of flowers sitting on a glass table", "Flowers in a vase filled with water on top of a table."]
["A vase with flowers on the table ", " a vase resting on the table full of flowers next to a window", "A flower pot sitting on a table, during the day.", "Bistro style chairs and table with runner and vase of bright flowers with greenery by a window.", "A vase has flowers in it while on the table"]
["a close up of a pot with flowers in it ", "A potted plant next to a cup on a counter.", "A vase with flowers sitting next to a cup.", "The vase next to the empty cup is holding white flowers. ", "A vase with white flowers in it sitting on a table."]
["A decorative vase with some yellow flowers in it.", "A dining room table in front of a window with two chairs and a vase with flowers on it", "There is a vase with an arrangement of flowers in it", "A glass vase with yellow flowers in it", "A table with red and blue table cloth and yellow tulips"]
["A vase filled with yellow flowers on top of a table.", "A vase with yellow flowers sits upon a red and blue table cloth.", "Vase full of yellow flowers on a red table.", "A vase with yellow flowers sits on a table.", "A vase with flowers in it sitting on a table inside a room."]
["A vase sitting on top of a counter.", "Large green vase standing in front of a wall scroll.", "A mostly green vase sits in front of wall hanging.", "A green vase sitting on a stand on a table.", "A decorative vase placed near oriental wall scrolls."]
["A glass vase is holding a few colorful flowers.", "A vase with flowers in it that is wilting away. ", "A group of wilting flowers in a vase with water.", "A big clear glass vase with some flowers.", "Vase with flowers in water while some are drooping "]
["A close shot of red flowers in the vase. ", "A vase with flowers sits on a table. ", "A vase filled with red and white flowers.", "Red flowers in a black vase on a glass table.", "a twisted vase holding some red flowers with leaves"]
["A painted vase is holding several colorful tulips.", "A small flower vase appears to need some water. ", "A vase with flowers inside of it near the window.", "A vase holding flowers sitting on a window sill.", "there is a small vase with many tulips in it"]
["A vase filled with red flowers with green stems.", "This is a picture of some flowers in a bottle.", "Two red flowers placed in a plastic bottle.", "a glass vase with some flowers coming out of it ", "some red and green flower in a room"]
["There is a small white vase with colorful flowers in it", "A pot of flowers and a drink sit in front of the sofa.", "A glass table with a flower pot near a white sofa.", "A flower pot rests upon a glass table in front of a couch. ", "a little arrangement of flowers sitting on someones table"]
["A living room with a large white vase filled with red, purple and white flowers.", "A white vase stands on a little table near a white couch.", "A table in front of a couch has a cup with flowers in it.", "A group of purple, red and white flowers in a white vase.", "A vase of flowers sitting on a glass table."]
["A flower vase with lavender and white petaled flowers.", "A vase that has some white and purple flowers in it.", "a plant is in a vase by a window", "The plant features both purple and white blooms.", "Vase of various flowers next to a window sill."]
["a very nice draw showing a vase with flowers", "A statue with flowers on it has just been put up.", "A large balloon shaped to look like a giant vase with a flower.", "A large Chinese lantern display restricted by barriers.", "The Chinese decorations are large and beautiful. "]
["A glass vase with white flowers in it. ", "This picture shows a tall candle with flowers painted on the glass base.", "Some flowers are in a clear sealed tube", "A bowl with a candle inside of it sitting atop a vase", "A clear tube containing a flower sits on the floor."]
["The vase holds two large, pink roses whose petals have fully opened.", "A red and black vase holds two pink roses .", "Two flowers in a vase among a variety of other items.", "Two pink roses are in  a glass holder", "A red and black vase with pink roses arranged in it."]
["The blooming yellow flowers are in the copper vase.", "A brass colored vase with a flower bouquet in it.", "A bronze vase with a handle with roses in it.", "A bronze vase filled with lots of yellow flowers.", "Red vase with yellow flowers sticking out of it. "]
["A majolica vase decorated with a fish and filled with wild flowers.", "there are many flowers in a large vase", "A vase painted with fish holds flowers outside of a window.", "A white vase with a blue fish on it holding flowers", "A vase holding various plants next to wooden wall."]
["A vase that has a flower inside of it.", "Daffodils displayed in a white and red vase.", "Three flowers are in a striped red and white vase. ", "A vase of white and yellow flowers stands before a sculpture of a bird in a tree.", "a pink vase that has some flowers in it"]
["a white table with glasses and red white and orange flowers", "A table with a wedding bouquet and bridesmaids flowers on it.", "a table top with a bunch of flowers on top of it ", "A tables filled with several bouquets of flowers.", "Their are some flowers on the table with some glass."]
["A vase with several different species of flower sits on a glass table.", "A vase filled with pink, yellow and green flowers.", "A brown vase on a small table is filled with brightly colored flowers. ", "A vase of pink and yellow flowers is on a table.", "A collection of flowers in a vase on a table"]
["A brown vase filled with yellow, purple and pink flowers on a table.", "A small vase filled with flowers is sitting on a mat on a glass table next to a window.", "A table runner and vase containing a fresh flower arrangement  are on the glass table.", "a table with some pink yellow and lavender flowers ", "A vase of colorful flowers on a table"]
["Black and White picture of figurines around a vase with flowers", "A vase that is holding a flower and plants.", "The potted plant is next to three figurines.", "nice flowers on a white vase and some models besides", "A vase with flowers and figurines sitting on a shelf. "]
["The stuffed bears are dress as a turkey and a pumpkin. ", "two little teddy bears dressed in holiday costumes", "Two bears with holiday costumes on them sitting on red sheet. ", "A couple of stuffed animal toys sitting on top of a red blanket.", "A pair of plush animals dressed in halloween costumes.", "A couple of august themed teddy bears on a red backdrop."]
["Some very cute stuffed animals in funny costumes together.", "Three stuffed animals are dressed in Thanksgiving costumes.", "A stuffed toy duck sits in between two stuffed bears. ", "three stuffed animals wearing cute little costumes ", "Three teddy bears sitting together wearing Thanksgiving costumes."]
["A group of stuffed animals that are sitting outside a brick house.", "Teddy bears populate a prop set of a cafe.", "There are several stuffed animals standing near a brick building.", "a small play city with several stuffed animals ", "Teddy bears are in front of a striped flag awning."]
["a smal bench holds a teddy bear and an embroidered pillow", "A stuffed bear is sitting next to a Peace sign pillow. ", "A teddy bear ad a pillow sitting side by side.", "A bear sitting on a bench next to a pillow .", "A stuffed teddy bear sits next to a peace pillow."]
["A table with jewelry and a bear covered in various writing.", "A person sitting behind a table with a teddy bear, cellphone and a couple of necklaces on it.", "The teddy bear and two boxed necklaces are on the table next to the cell phone. ", "Two boxes of jewelry sit in front of a signed stuffed animal.", "A teddy bear, cellphone and two necklaces are sitting on a table."]
["A picture of some food and a toy on top of it.", "A lego man is standing upon a donut.", "a close up of a lego toy on top of a doughnut", "A playful addition to a fresh baked goods display.", "A donut has a lego man standing on it."]
["A man in a necktie smiles for the camera at a table with other people. ", "Man in pink tie posing for a picture at a table with other people eating.", "An older Asian man smiles at the camera while a large woman eats her lunch.", "People are sitting around dining tables with coffee.", "A man looking into the camera lens while sitting at a table."]
["The bowl of cereal is next to a smaller bowl of fruit. ", "a bow of cereal and a bowl of grapes on a table", "A bowl of cereal with milk and a spoon next to a small bowl of grapes on a blue table.", "A bowl of Cheerios cereal next to a small cup of grapes.", "a bowl of o-shaped cereal and side of fruit sitting on a blue table"]
["A red tray of food on a table.", "a red tray with broccoli tomatoes coleslaw and other food", "A red container filled with lots of different foods.", "Red meal tray with various vegetables and chopsticks", "Dumplings and vegetables in a tray with divided areas."]
["A delicious gourmet berry desert dish with a scoop of ice cream, ", "A plate with ice cream,fruit syrup,some spices,mint ,crepes,fruit,and a orange.", "A plate holds ice cream, fruit and crumbs. ", "The dessert has ice cream and some fruit.", "A white plate topped with pastry and ice cream."]
["A steak on a plate served with green garnish", "A steak and parsley are sitting on a white plate.", "T-bone steak, mashed potatoes, and mushrooms on white dinnerware.", "A picture of a steak on a plate on a table. ", "A large steak dinner displayed on white dishes."]
["People sitting down for a meal in a restaurant.", "A a lot of people sitting down at tables in a dining hall.", "A server distributing food at a business conference.", "A waitress is serving a man his food. ", "Waiter standing over a man examining his dish."]
["A dining room table set up for a fancy dinner.", "Bottles are wrapped in gift wrap on a table.", "A table has been set for dinner for four people.", "A table set up for a fancy dinner with wine glasses. ", "A table set with dining wear with several wrapped bottles."]
["The sculpture is of five people in clown costumes riding one long bike.", "A statue of brightly dressed clowns riding a bicycle with multiple seats.", "Five people in colorful outfits riding a long bike.", "The people is dressed up as funny clowns", "A statue of clowns riding a tandem bike,"]
["A couple snugging together on a wooden bench.", "A couple sitting beside each other on a bench at the park", "Photo of an open air enclosure that looks perfect.", "A man and a woman resting on a park bench during the winter.", "A romantic couple sits close together on a park bench."]
["A person sitting on a large cement planter.", "A motorcycle parked near a woman sitting on a stone wall.", "A motorcycle and a girl, with red lanterns hanging.", "A woman sits on a concrete step while a scooter sits nearby.", "A street scene with a motorcycle parked on the sidewalk."]
["A large navy propeller plane is boarded on the tarmac", "A old black and white photo of a plane and dozens of people around it.", "An old picture of a passenger air plane on the runway.", "A ladder is set on the side of a humongous airplane.", "a very large aircraft from a long time ago"]
["A man is cooking in a crowded kitchen.", "A man cooking in the kitchen in front of the stove. ", "A man standing in a kitchen preparing food.", "A man in the kitchen preparing food for dinner ", "Man preparing dinner in the kitchen with under cabinet lights on."]
["A group of people standing outside of a bus.", "People are standing next to a camping bus.", "These three people are boarding the bus at the bus stop", "A man and a woman standing next to a blue bus.", "A bus with people standing in front of it. "]
["A man wearing a suit and tie and carrying something walkling down the street.", "A person with a hat and a tie on a street.", "an older man is walking down the side of a street", "An old man holding a bag walks down a street.", "An older man walking down the street near stairs."]
["An orange cutting knife on top of a black case.", "A pair of cutting utensils lie on a pouch.", "The small scissors are on top of a wallet which is on a flowered tablecloth. ", "An orange cutting tool on top of a black leather case.", "A pair of orange-handled scissors sits on a black case."]
["A couple of sinks in a large room.", "There are two different types of sink featured here.", "some people and two sinks one white the other black", "A display for two sinks in a home improvement show..", "A view of a kitchen area in a restaurant."]
["A woman standing in front of a kitchen sink on display.", "A woman looks upon a science museum exhibit", "A woman standing in front of a wall lined with sinks.", "A WOMAN IS LOOKING AT A SINK IN A CROWD", "Several people in a kitchen and one is standing at a sink."]
["A kitchen complete with a microwave, sink, and dishwasher.", "A kitchen with an oven, microwave, electric kettle and other appliances", "A kitchen with a microwave on top of a dishwasher, a counter with several items on it and wooden cabinets", "A kitchen area with a sink, microwave and dishwasher.", "The dishes have been washed and the dish towels are hanging neatly on the cupboards."]
["a table with a white plate a sandwich and a bottle", "A close-up of a plate of food with tortilla chips and a sandwich.", "A plate on a desk has a partially eaten sandwich and some chips.", "A sandwich and blue corn chips on a plate.", "Plated sandwich and chips and bottled tea on a desk."]
["Two cooks standing at the counter on a kithchen next to bottles.", "Two chefs in a kitchen with brown wood cabinets.", "A view of a mirror above a chefs kitchen table", "Two servers standing at the hot bar ready to serve customers.", "Two chefs look into a large mirror in a kitchen."]
["A small kitchen with black countertops and stainless steel appliances.", "A kitchen with a stop and appliances with a sink.", "A modern kitchen with a stove top oven and a microwave.", "A kitchen sports granite countertops and stainless steel appliances.", "A kitchen has a stove, microwave, and a refrigerator of similar design. "]
["A girl mixing food with a whisk in a measuring bowl.", "Young girl mixing ingredients in a bowl in the kitchen.", "A man and little girl mixing in a kitchen.", "A black and white photo of a young girl cooking in the kitchen.", "a black and white photo of a person in a kitchen preparing food"]
["A man holding a large knife on top of a table.", "A person carving a  hole in a piece of wood.", "A man is attempting to cut through a pink object on the kitchen counter. ", "A person sharpening a knife in a kitchen ", "a person sharpening a knife by hand in a kitchen"]
["Two people sitting at a table eating food", "two people seated at a table with bowls of food", "a man and a women who are at a table eating.", "An elderly couple enjoy dinner at a small table", "A man and woman sitting at a table together"]
["A stove top burner sitting inside of a storage room.", "A portable gas stove in a small kitchen area, ", "A hot plate sits on an old wooden table in a hovel.", "A stove top sitting on a table in a small home.", "A kitchen area with an electric stove and doorway to outside."]
["Fruit and vegetables are hanging in a metal basket.", "Three hanging baskets all with fruit and vegetables.", "A hanging sorter with fruits and vegetables throughout three different tiers.", "A hanging metal display of various fruits and vegetables.", "A three level hanging fruit basket filled with fruit."]
["A stove top oven sitting next to a tiled wall.", "THERE IS FOOD IN THE FRYING PAN ON THE STOVE ", "A silver electronic oven with a skillet of bacon on it in a kitchen.", "This kitchen features a pan with food items in it on the stove.", "A pan that is sitting on the stove."]
["a man and some people riding on a raft ", "A man standing on a type of boat during the day.", "A man standing on deck of a small boat.", "An old man standing on a boat in a body of water.", "A person standing in a boat on the water"]
["A metallic refrigerator freezer sitting in a kitchen.", "A kitchen has a granite counter top and stainless steel appliances.", "a kitchen with a granite table next to a steel fridge ", "a silver refrigerator stove sink and some brown cabinets", "A small and tidy modern galley style kitchen."]
["A kitchen that has wooden cabinets and lots of pots and pans.", "A kitchen with an island with built in burners init.", "A kitchen scene complete with an oven, stove and bottles.", "A beautiful kitchen with food cooking on the stove", "A kitchen counter topped with a stove top and pots of cooking food."]
["A woman holding a big spoon while cooking spaghetti.", "A person lifting pasta out of a steaming pot.", "A woman in the kitchen stirring a pot", "A woman strains pasta out of a pot on the stove.", "A woman lifts pasta out of a pot."]
["A kitchen scene complete with a dishwasher, sink and an oven.", "a picture of a clean white and green kitchen", "A nice kitchen has white cabinets and black counter top.", "This kitchen has all white cabinets and all white appliances", "A beautiful kitchen with white and green trimming"]
["A clean kitchen is shown with and without a center island.", "a counter a man a bag a sink and refrigerator", "Two pictures of a kitchen before and after a remodel. ", "The top picture is a kitchen with a lot of floor space and the bottom picture is a kitchen with a cabinet in the middle. ", "Two kitchens that both have refrigerators in them."]
["A man sitting on a bench on top of a pier.", "A man sitting on a bench next to a bicycle.", "A man is sitting on a bench near a bike looking at the water.", "A man sitting outside on a bench looking out towards a body of water", "A man is overlooking the water on a bench."]
["A sink with a tooth brush and some other items.", "the edge of a sink with a toothbrush floss and lotion", "A container of scrub sitting next to a bathroom sink.", "A toothbrush is sitting next to a tube on a counter", "A closeup of a toothbrush, dental floss, and Aveeno daily scrub sitting next to a sink "]
["A house boat along the water has bicycles on deck.", "A boat is docked and filled with bicycles next to a grassy area on a body of water.", "A boat that has many bikes on board. ", "A boat home sitting on a river bay.", "A house boat with many bikes on a riverbank."]
["A bicycle parked next to a snow covered park bench.", "A cat sits on the seat of a bicycle and looks down at another cat on a snowy day.", "A cat standing on a bicycle that is leaning against a bench.", "A cat on a  bike seat near a bench", "an image of a bike parked next to a bench\n"]
["A bathroom with a white toilet next to a shower.", "A person on a mirror and a sink in the bathroom", "A large bathroom has a toilet and big bathtub.", "A bathroom with a tub, shower and a toilet. ", "A bathroom with a bath tub and a white toilet."]
["A fancy bathroom with a large tub, separate shower, and double sink.", "Fancy hotel bathroom with glass shower stall, ready for use.", "A modern luxury bathroom is equipped with a large shower and pedestal style tub.", "A bathroom showing the tub, sinks, and mirror.", "a bathroom with a bathtub with a metal rack holding towels on it "]
["A bathroom with a sink, a fan and a mirrored medicine chest.", "A fan is sitting by a bathroom sink.", "A fan sitting next to a white sink.", "The traditional white sink features two faucets below the mirror..", "a tall black fan sitting next to a bathroom sink "]
["A small, yet clean looking bathroom, with blue pained walls. ", "Photo of a three piece bathroom with blue tile walls.", "A small bathroom with a toilet, sink and shower.", "White porcelain sink and toilet in a blue tiles bathroom", "A small bathroom with shiny blue tile walls. "]
["A wagon with a pink umbrella sitting in front of a store.", "A bike with a cart parked in front of a door.", "A bike with a green wagon attached to it holding a red case while parked under a red umbrella next to doors. ", "A rickshaw is parked outside the kitchen today", "A large three wheel trike with a basket and a large red umbrella."]
["A bathroom with a walk in shower next to a toilet.", "A bathroom with yellow tile on the shower wall ", "A glass shower door near a sink counter.", "Walk in shower rooms with clear glass are popular. ", "A bathroom with a shower that has all glass for the wall on the door side."]
["A bicycle chained to a pole on a snowy day", "A bike sitting against a pole in the snow.", "A bike locked to a pole in the snow.", "A bike chained to a pole on a snowy street", "A bike is tethered to a pole in the snow. "]
["A men's public washroom with a blue floor. ", "A picture of a bathroom with a blue floor, stalls, and urinals. ", "A men's bathroom in a commercial building ", "some urinals and toilet stalls in a restroom", "A men's bathroom with at least three stalls and two urinals."]
["A bathroom with a large white tub and his and her sinks.", "A modern bathroom with stand alone tub and modern fixtures", "A large bathroom with a large bathtub in front of curtained windows.", "A VERY ELEGANT LOOKING WHITE BATHROOM WITH HUGE TUB.", "A bathroom with a freestanding tub and two sinks."]
["A man laying on top of a wall next to a bike.", "A man with a bicycle sleeps on a stone bench.", "A man is laying on a curb next to a bike.", "A man laying on a ledge next to a bike and other items.", "Young man in shorts napping on stoone wall, head on backback with bike next to him. "]
["A white toilet bowl with an electronic brown seat.", "An electronic toilet that has the seat up.", "A toilet seat with arms and the lid open", "A high tech toilet with a control panel on the side.", "A public toilet with a lid with buttons"]
["A white toilet sitting underneath a window next to a sink.", "The tiled bathroom is decorated in earth tones.", "The bathroom has a sink, shower, and toilet.", "a bathroom with a sink, toilet and shuttered window.", "Marble tiling around the bathroom sink that's below the mirror"]
["There is a black and white photo of a cat behind a fence", "A cat, a bicycle, and a chair are in a yard behind a train track.", "a bike and a white chair sitting next to each other by a fence ", "A cat, a bicycle, and a chair are behind the chain linked fence.", "A cat, bicycle, and char inside a fence."]
["A white toilet sitting up against a yellow wall.", "a toilet a black phone and two rolls of toilet paper", "A bathroom is equipped with double rolls of toilet paper.", "A sideways picture of a bathroom with a toilet with a wall phone next to it.", "A toilet is next to two toilet paper rolls and a telephone."]
["A white toilet is at the end of a trail.", "A uninstalled toilet sitting outside against a mirror ", "a toilet sits outside in some gravel ", "A white toilet and broken mirror in a side yard.", "There are broken toilets sitting outside in the yard. "]
["People standing around a park bench next to a bicycle.", "A group of women are describing a new setup for a building plan", "a group of people in a field of grass near a building", "Several people standing in an area with picnic tables looking at a board.", "A woman giving a presentation in a park."]
["a bath room with a bath tub and a window", "A bathroom has blue carpet and a tub.", "A view of a single bathtub in an otherwise empty bathroom", "A view into a bathroom with a tub.", "An unfinished bathroom with a widow and bathtub."]
["A lone toilet sits in a large bathroom.", "A toilet next to a wall in the bathroom. ", "A toilet in a bathroom with stone walls.", "A toilet and plunger in a rustic bathroom.", "A nasty run down bathroom with a leaky toilet."]
["A bicycle and a motorcycle are parked next to each other at a park.", "a bike and a motorcycle parked near each other ", "two bicycles parked near a garden area in a park.", "A couple of bikes in front of a small stone wall.", "Two bikes parked in front of a nice park"]
["A person standing next to a bike covered in flowers.", "A woman pushes a bicycle with many flowers.", "A woman pushes a bicycle loaded with synthetic flowers down a street.", "A person pushing a bicycle covered in flowers down a street.", "Women with an abundant amount of flowers strapped to a bicycle walking it down a street. "]
["A man stares at another man tying a tie.", "Two men are in a bathroom by a mirror.", "A man standing next to a man in a bathroom.", "Two men with ties on standing in front of a mirror. ", "The reflection of two men in the mirrors of a public restroom."]
["A restroom with urinals, sinks, and a mirror.", "A couple of white wall mounted urinals sitting over a blue floor.", "a mens bathroom with a blue floor and two sinks ", "A public bathroom with urinals and sinks in it.", "A very clean public restroom for men. "]
["A man standing next to a parked bus and various people riding bicycles down a street together and one person holding a sign.", "A man in a uniform standing beside a bus", "a number of people riding bikes on a city street ", "people bicycling down a city street in daylight", "A man standing near a bus watching cyclists ride by."]
["Bicyclists riding down the middle of a city street.", "A group of cyclists passing a bus on a street.", "People rides bicycles as a bus driver stands in front of the bus", "A man stands in front of a bus, while a group of people riding bikes pass by.", "A group of bicyclists speeding down a city street."]
["A man riding a bike next to a bus down a street.", "The bicyclist rides in the bike lane beside a city bus.", "a person riding a bike on a street ", "A man is riding a bicycle on the street.", "A man is riding his bicycle on a bike path."]
["A white sink in a bathroom next to a toilet.", "a bathroom with  a toilet attached to a wall ", "A man can be seen in the mirror of this bathroom.", "A man is seen in the mirror of his tan bathroom.", "A bathroom with a toilet, sink and bathtub/shower stall."]
["You can see a blue towel hanging in the mirror.", "A white bathroom sink sitting  under a large mirror.", "A white sink and a mirror in a room.", "There is a sink and a mirror in the bathroom.", "A sink and a mirror in someones bathroom."]
["A bunch of bikes parked in bike racks.", "a bunch of bikes are locked up outside", "several full bike racks lining city street and public bus", "A bus sitting parked outside of a building.", "A bus driving down a city street next to a bunch of bicycles."]
["A hallway with yellow painted walls and a light mounted on a wall.", "An oddly shaped orange hallway with a wood floor.", "The hallway of a house with a mirror hanging on the wall.", "a yellow hall with a brown floor and a mirror", "The bright orange walls of a dressing room "]
["A couple of sinks and some toilet in a room.", "Two bathroom sinks that rise above the counter top.", "A bathroom with two white, basin sinks. ", "A bathroom has two shiny oval glass sinks.", "A bathroom that has a tile floor and two sinks."]
["A bathroom that has recently been tiled and grouted", "Cleaning equipment on the floor in a tiled bathroom. ", "Dirty tiled shower stall and toilet area with a bucket and cup.", "A well lit bathroom with a bucket on the floor.", "A black and green tile bathroom with a black toilet and a yellow bucket on the floor."]
["A blue van is parked next to a broken fire hydrant.", "a van parked next to a curb in the street", "A van is parked on the street near a crooked fire hydrant.", "An old GMC van is parked at the side of the road.", "A van parked on the curb by a damaged fire hydrant that was knocked over."]
["A white tub sitting underneath a couple of windows.", "Claw foot bath tub in white and blue bright bathroom.", "A bathroom scene with focus on the bathtub.", "White claw foot tub under a circle window.", "A look at a wallpapered bathroom, with a ships window."]
["A grey van in front if a parking meter that takes credit cards.", "a parking meter that takes visa and a car parked in the spot", "A parking meter is displayed with a compact car behind it.", "A blue car parked next to a parking meter. ", "a parking meter in front of a grey van "]
["A scooter is parked on the street in front of a car. ", "A blue scooter is parked near a curb in front of a green vintage car.", "A moped sits in front of an old car.", "A city scene featuring an old-model car and a motorcycle.", "A motorcycle and car parked on the street."]
["A city bus traveling down a rod next to a stadium.", "A blue and white bus driving along the street.", "A street scene with an orange and blue bus on the road.", "an orange blue and white bus and a brown round structure behind it", "A public bus is driving down the road past a rounded building."]
["A European street scene with a motorcycle and a car.", "a motorcycle parked in front of a car on a street", "A motorcycle parked on the street in front of a car. ", "A motorcycle parked on a narrow street sitting in front of an older model car", "Motorcycle sitting in front of a small black antique vehicle."]
["An orange, white and blue bus on a street.", "a public transit bus on a city street", "A passenger bus that is driving down the street.", "a big colorful buss parked on the side of a road ", "A bus parks on the side of a street near a building. "]
["A white toilet with a blue seat on a display platform.", "A blue, misshapen toilet seat sits on a toilet.", "A blue toilet seat sitting on top of a toilet in a restroom.", "Toilet with oddly shaped shiny blue toilet seat.", "A white toilet is on display with a blue seat."]
["A plate topped with a cut in half sandwich and a bowl of soup", "A picture of a bowl of soup and sandwich on a square plate.", "A grilled cheese sandwich with a bowl of soup next to it.", "A bowl of food and sandwich on a table.", "A plate that has a sandwich and bowl of soup on it."]
["a white toilet sits next to a dresser ", "A white toilet in a bathroom next to a sink.", "a toilet attached to a wall in a bath room", "A toilet is next to a tan wall in a bathroom. ", "A toilet is shown in a bathroom against a tiled wall. "]
["A very cute child sitting on the commode with his pants on", "Young child, fully clothed, sitting on a closed toilet.", "A child sits on a toilet in a tiled bathroom.", "A young boy sitting on top of a white table.", "The child is sitting inside the toilet with a quizzical look "]
["A modern toilet is seen in this picture.", "a toilet attached to a wooden prop in a display area", "A toilet is attached to the wall at the trade show", "A small toilet bowl is attached to a wood frame.", "A toilet is on display at a trade show."]
["A man standing next to a car in the snow.", "a man doing some work on a small blue car", "A  man in a blue coat and gray pants stands near a blue car with a tool in his hand.", "A man stands next to a car with a hair dryer.", "A man standing up doing something to his car door. "]
["A man with a red neck tie and a gray jacket.", "A man in a suit with a red and blue tie.", "A man wearing a suit and tie walking down the street.", "An older man wearing a grey jacket and pink tie.", "a person wearing a suit and tie "]
["The stainless steel black and aluminum toilet is opened.", "A close-up of a public restroom toilet with handicap bars.", "There is a metal toilet with handicap bars.  ", "Black and metallic toilet with accessibility railings in a bathroom stall. ", "A bathroom with a stainless steel toilet and handicapped bars on the sides of it."]
["A bus driving down a street in front of a cross walk.", "A bus on the city street close to a bus stop", "A bus drives down the street in a city. ", "A city bus coming up at the corner and someone is waiting for it.", "Passengers board a public bus in a busy city. "]
["A man with a long beard and big ears sitting down.", "a person sitting with a suit and tie ", "His long face is accentuated by his long nose and beard.", "A man wearing glasses sits on a bench looking to the side. ", "A man with a large grey and black beard and glasses and a tie."]
["A cat is using the toilet in a white tile bathroom.", "There is a cat standing in a toilet.", "A cat climbs out of an open toilet. ", "A cat has learned to use a toilet made for people. ", "a cat with its hind legs in a toilet"]
["A city full of buildings under a smoggy sky.", "A bird flies over a tower with a green dome.", "A church tower with a clock on it is above a city.", "A bunch of buildings in a city and a bird flying over one of the buildings", "The skyline of a city with classic architecture. "]
["A street scene with people on motorcycles and people sitting on benches.", "people sitting at tables outside of a restaurant", "A lot of people and some motorcycles in the street.", "A mine riding a motorcycle past a restaurant.", "A man rides a motorcycle past other motorcycles parked at the curb."]
["A man standing next to a parked motorcycle.", "A motorcycle with a flat rear tire sits in a workshop, while a person stands behind it, facing away from the camera.", "A vintage antique motorcycle sitting in a shop being worked on.", "there is a old black motorcycle inside of a garage", "a motorcycle that is parked in side a buliding"]
["A blue motorcycle parked on a sidewalk next to a street.", "A broken down blue motorcycle is on the pavement.", "An older Harley Davidson motorcycle in blue outside..", "A blue and silver motorcycle parked on the sidewalk. ", "A blue motorcycle is parked on a side walk."]
["a black motorcycle is parked by the side of the road", "The black motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.", "A motorcycle stands in front of three people on a sidewalk.", "A motorcycle that is sitting on a sidewalk.", "a black motorcycle parked near some cars outside"]
["a close up of a person riding a motorcycle ", "A person on a motorcycle in a race.", "A person on a blue motorcycle next to green field.", "An advertising photograph of a motor bike and rider on a road", "A man riding down the street on a blue and white motorcycle. "]
["a man wearing black is riding a red and silver motorcycle", "A man is riding a motorcycle at a race track.", "A person on a motorcycle dressed in an all black outfit with yellow stripes, riding on a road track.", "A man riding a high performance racing bike on a track.", "A man rides a motorcycle on a track."]
["Two guys are riding a motorcycle down the street.", "Two people riding a motorcycle down the street", "A man riding a motorcycle with another man on back of it.", "At least they have on helmets while they are riding the motorcycle.", "THERE ARE PEOPLE THAT ARE ON A MOTOR BIKE "]
["A row of parked motorcycles sitting on the side of a road.", "Several parked motorcycles lined up on a brick sidewalk.", "A large number of motorcycles parked along a dark street.", "A row of motorcycles on street next to buildings.", "Motorcycles are lined up on the street next to each other."]
["A group of men and women playing a game on the Nintendo Wii.", "Group of four people standing and playing a video game.", "A group of people in a large room playing a video game.", "Several people in a large room playing a video game displayed on a wall with a projector.", "People standing in a room looking at a tennis match on a projector screen."]
["A black and yellow bike making a turn on the track", "#213 leans into a very tight turn in this race", "A person in a blue jacket riding a black motorcycle.", "Racing motorcycle with man in blue rounds a curve", "A person riding a motorcycle down a curvy road."]
["A MOTORCYCLE DRIVER SPEEDING AROUND THE RACE RAMP", "A man riding a white motorcycle on a curvy race track.", "A person wearing motorcycle gear riding a motorcycle.", "A man is riding his 103 labeled bike on the road. ", "A motorcycle wearing 103 rounding the curve in a road."]
["Five dirt bikes are in the garage before the race begins.", "Row of motorcycle being displayed inside a building.", "some parked motorcycles and some people and white bricks", "A couple of motorcycles sitting against the wall, with numbers on them.", "The bikes are all lined up ready to be driven"]
["Computer monitor and accesories sitting on a desk.", "An Apple computer on a table next to an iPhone and an iPad.", "Mac computer, tablet, and iphone sitting on a computer desk.", "A Mac computer monitor on a desk which is turned off, and an ipad underneath.", "A white apple computer and keyboard on desk."]
["A man sitting on the ground and working on a motorcycle.", "A man kneeling down behind the back wheel of a motorcycle.", "a man works on a parked motor bike ", "A man kneels down on the ground beside a motorcycle.", "The man in the blue jumpsuit works on the motorcycle."]
["A work station in use inside an office.", "A desk inside a library with a computer and several papers on it.", "A workstation with a computer, notebook, and papers.", "An office desk with a lot of paperwork and a turned on computer", "The computer is turned on at the cluttered workstation."]
["Two stuffed animals are cutting bread and spreading jelly on it.", "Two stuffed toys sit near bread and jam.", "Two stuffed animals, two loaves of bread, and jam.", "Two stuffed animals team up to make jelly sandwiches.", "Two stuffed animals on a table look  like their making food"]
["a computer desk with a computer and laptop on top ", "An office desk with desktop and laptop computers.", "A computer and a laptop are on a computer desk.", "A neat curved computer desk has two monitors.", "A desk with a keyboard, mouse, laptop and monitor."]
["A person riding a pink motorcycle down a street.", "A man riding a small pink motorcycle on a track", "a motorcycle rider with a helmet and full leather suit rides a motorcycle", "The person on the motorcycle had a big helmet on.", "A biker is riding a motorcycle down the road. "]
["A man races a motorcycle on a track.", "Person on a motorbike riding around a track as people watch.", "a man is riding a motorcycle around a curve", "a man riding down the road with a little motorcycle ", "A person is riding a motorcycle around a corner."]
["The motorcycle is tilting as he turns through a cave. ", "a man wearing a helmet while riding a motorcycle ", "yellow and red motorcycle with a man riding on it next to grass", "A person on a motorcycle riding around a curve.", "this is a picture of a motorcycle leaning into a corner"]
["A man on a motorcycle going down the street.", "A motorcyclist riding down the street during the day.", "A man is riding a motor bike on a road.", "A chubby motorcyclist riding a Kawasaki in a rural setting.", "A person riding a motorcycle on the road near a fence."]
["A man riding a dirt bike on a country road in a forest.", "a motorcycle rider some trees going down a road", "Dirt bike rider driving through the trees along a path.", "A man on a motorbike is shown driving down the road.", "a person riding a dirt bike on a road "]
["Motorcyclist is taking a turn while onlookers observe ", "A man riding a motorcycle with another man hang off it's side.", "Man hangs off side of motorcycle during race as spectators look on. ", "Onlookers are watching a pair doing tricks on their motorcycle. ", "A motorcyclist rounds a corner as his partner hangs off the bike."]
["three motor cycle racers posing on their parked bikes", "Three people on red motorcycles stopped and showing off.", "Three red motorcycles with riders in protective gear are on the street.", "Three drivers wearing helmets sitting on their motorcycles.", "A group of dirt bike racers in a  row"]
["A man sitting at a table using a laptop computer.", "Young Indian man using a laptop in a cafe.", "A man in a blue shirt works on his laptop.", "A man using a laptop in a cafe.", "A man using a laptop at a small table "]
["A store that says \"Ray's Tavern\" and a group of motorcycles parked outside the store. ", "this is a row of bikes in the street", "A business called Ray's Tavern with motorcycles sitting outside it.", "Ray's Tavern with motorcycles parked in front of it.", "A row of motorcycles lined up out side \"RAY'S TAVERN\""]
["A yellow motorcycle and a blue motorcycle parked on red gravel.", "A yellow motorcycle is parked next to a blue motorcycle.", "close up of two motorcycles parked near each other", "one yellow and black motorcycle parked next to a blue and black one", "Two motorcycles are parked on an area with flowers. "]
["A couple of motorcycles parked next to each other.", "a blue and black motorcycle sits comfortably next to a yellow and black one", "A blue and yellow motorcycle are parked in front of some bushes. ", "A blue and a yellow motorcycle parked in a lot.", "Two different motorcycles, one has blue outlined, while the other has yellow."]
["three different motorcycle couples riding down a road", "FOUR BIKES AND A CAR GOING ON A HIGHWAY. ", "Several motorcyclists are riding their bikes down a street.", "a group of people riding motorcycles on a highway", "Three loaded motorcycles are traveling down a dual lane."]
["Two men are crouched down, working on a motorcycle", "A motorcycle up on two stands being worked on by two men.", "A guy is outdoors working on a motorcycle. ", "two men working on a motor cycle frame", "A man in a shop working on  a motorcycle"]
["Yellow motorcycle parked on a lot with other motorcycles.", "a yellow and black motorcycle among other motorcycles", "a yellow motorcycle is sitting in a lot", "A highly stylized yellow and black motorcycle parked at a show", "a motor cycle sits parked next to a bunch of other bikes"]
["A person with a helmet on a blue motorcycle.", "A man is sitting on a parked motorcycle.", "A man wearing a helmet is sitting on his blue motorcycle", "a man is riding on a blue motorcycle outside", "A man wearing a helmet sits atop a blue motorcycle."]
["A man sitting on a motor bike smiling with a friend close to him", "A person on a motorcycle is smiling, and sitting in a lot.", "A cyclist happily poses for a picture while sitting on his bike.", "The old man is sitting on a motor cycle.", "A guy sitting on his motorcycle conversing with a friend."]
["A red fire hydrant between two trees in front of a building.", "the frontal facade of an old Gothic styled building.", "A red broken fire engine in front of a building.", "An old building has stone arches and wooden doors", "A red hydrant on a snowy sidewalk in front of a brick building."]
["A hotel room with a flat screen tv, chair, and bed. ", "A computer terminal sits adopt a wooden item of furniture in a bedroom setting.", "A room with a bed and a television on a chest of drawers.", "A living room with a chair and a flat screen TV.", "A room with a bed, a chair, and a television."]
["Three monitors sitting on a table one with a view of a baseball game.", "a digital tablet sitting on a desk next to a laptop computer.", "A tablet showing a video feed of a baseball game on someone's desk.", "a work desk with a tablet displaying a baseball game", "A LAPTOP LINKED WITH A SMALL SCREEN USING CABLES."]
["A larger passenger jet flying through a blue sky.", "A Boeing 787 airplane, void of airline identification, flying.", "A large commercial plane flying in blue skies with some clouds.", "This airplane is a Boeing 787 passenger plane.", "An airplane flies under a partly cloudy sky."]
["Three airplanes on display behind a high fence.", "Fighter jets on display in front of a museum.", "Three gray jets outside an air force base.", "A monument depicting three fighter planes attached to the ground.", "Three airplanes on display with a safety fence."]
["A bird seems to be flying high in the air. ", "jet plane flying at high altitude in front of a rocket", "A rocket that just lifted off and a jet fighter", "A small airplane flying high up in the air.", "The shuttle launching in the air as a plane flies by."]
["A group of people getting off an air plane.", "People disembark from the green and white airplane.", "An airplane sitting on top of an airport tarmac.", "A group of people alighting from a plane in an airport", "A large green and white plain on a runway"]
["A pair of remote controlled planes flying through the air.", "Two toy glider planes flying next to each other.", "Two planes are flying next to each other in the sky.", "A photo of two small airplanes flying together.", "A couple of small airplanes high up in the sky."]
["A couple of airplanes that are sitting on a runway.", "Some very big commercial planes parked together in a lot.", "a very large airplane that is on a runway", "Airplanes parked on the runway with buses and trucks.", "A large jet sitting on top of an airport runway."]
["a colofrul biplane flying above some trees ", "A toy navy air plane being flown  over a yard. ", "a plane that is flying through the air", "A biplane flying in the air, with bright yellow wings.", "A plane from the old world flies across the sky. "]
["A plane that is flying over the trees.", "A plane is traveling near a huge city. ", "A city skyline is shown with clouds in the sky.", "A large airplane flying high up in the air.", "a plane flying low as it gets ready to land "]
["A group of air planes sitting on a runway.", "A group of planes parked in the airport", "The airplanes are lined up on the tarmac.", "A group of planes sit on the tarmac at an airport.", "There are multiple airplanes parked next to each other on the runway."]
["A military air craft flies in the sky with landing gear down. ", "A military airplane jet flies through the air.", "a jet is flying in front of a cloudy sky", "A jet is flying in the sky on a gray day.", "A jet that is flying in the sky."]
["A propeller plane flying through a gray sky.", "a plane flying high in a blue, grey and white sky.", "The big airplane is flying in the cloudy sky.", "Commercial airliner flying overhead on dark cloudy day.", "a large air plane flying in the air"]
["There is alcohol and ginger ale on the tray.", "A tray of wine glasses, wine, and mixed drinks.", "Several alcoholic beverages and mixers on a airplane tray.", "Wine bottles with glass of drink kept on the table.", "A white tray with bottles of champagne and ginger ale."]
["A large passenger jet flying through a blue sky.", "a southwest air plane flying over clear skys ", "A Southwest commercial airplane flying in the sky.", "A red and gold Southwest airplane flying above the clouds.", "A yellow commercial plane flies through the air."]
["A large passenger jet taking off from a runway.", "A passenger jet is moving down the runway.", "An airplane is on the runway near a control tower.", "A plane on an airstrip taking of for flight. ", "An airplane is sitting on a runway ready for takeoff."]
["An old style jet plane on a tarmac.", "An old image of what appears to be a very old airplane, that is sitting idly. ", "an old black and white photo of an air plane", "A plane is parked on a runway in a black and white picture.", "An airplane parked on a runway near a fence."]
["a wooden and metal bench near a over grown bush", "An empty park bench sitting next to a bush at night.", "A park and walkway lined with benches and bushes.", "Two back to back wooden benches next to a shrub near a stone walkway", "Benches are next to a bush in a lighted park"]
["There are black and white poles along a street corner", "a traffic light and street signs on a city street", "An intersection that has many signs on black and white striped poles.", "there are many black and white poles along this street", "A cross walk at the intersection of a quiet street."]
["A giraffe standing next to a tall tree.", "A giraffe in an enclosure eating food from a feeding pole.", "A giraffe eating from a feeder on a pole.", "A giraffe eating from branches from high above.", "a giraffe eating something off a bare tree branch "]
["People are sitting on benches that line a street.", "People sitting on a bench under a tree.", "A smiling elderly gentleman sits on the bench looking ahead.", "Black and white photograph of the garden in front of an old building", "An older man sits on the bench in black and white photo."]
["Woman walking down the side walk of a busy night city.", "Night is falling on an empty city street.", "a street with cars lined with poles and wires.", "a street view of people walking down the sidewalk ", "A street with a few people walking and cars in the road. "]
["A plate that is flying in the air during the day.", "A white airplane that is flying in the sky.", "A photograph of an air plane about to land.", "Jet, with it's landing gears out, flying in the sky", "The plain has already taken off and in flight."]
["An airplane flying in the air near the airport", "A large white airplane is ascending into the sky.", "A white passenger airplane flying in the air.", "A jumbo jet comes in for a landing.", "A plane is flying very low above the ground."]
["A small white airplane flying high up in the sky.", "A small passenger jet that is flying in the sky.", "A plane is flying in the air overhead.", "The landing gear has been activated on this jet", "Small white and orange commuter plane preparing to land."]
["A very large airplane sitting on a runway.", "An airplane with people under the wings at a field.", "An older passenger jet is being readied for takeoff.", "A large propeller plane sitting on a field.", "Very large TWA plane sitting on the runway with passengers milling about"]
["a man who appears to be herding sheep is closing two big fence doors", "A man that is standing in front of a group of sheep.", "a man is with some sheep in a field", "a man stands in front of a herd of sheep ", "A man herding sheep with two red sticks while a dog herds them from behind."]
["A zebra and an elephant investigating each other in a grassy area.", "a giraffe and a zebra stare at each other ", "A giraffe standing next to a zebra in a forest.", "A giraffe is looking down at a zebra.", "a giraffe looking down at a zebra in a wooded field."]
["A large jetliner sitting on top of an airport runway.", "A plate sits on the runway with front lights on.", "White jet airplane with its light on on a runway. ", "A frontal image of a jet airplane on a runway.", "WHITE AIRPLANE WITH A TOUCH OF BLUE IN FRONT OF GREEN TREES"]
["A landing jet airplane kicking up spray on a wet runway.", "A large white airplane on a open road.", "The plane has a lot of colors on the end of the wing", "A plane is taking off from a runway in the rain.", "Smoke coming from a large white commercial airplane."]
["There is a white Vigrin Atlantic Plane on a runway", "A passenger jet airplane is on the runway of the airfield.", "A major carrier airplane sits on the runway.", "a virgin atlantic plane sitting on a tarmac", "Virgin Atlantic aircraft on the runway of an airport"]
["A giraffe in the middle of a field looking astute", "A lone giraffe walking in dry vegetation in front of a tree.", "A giraffe looks out over the wide, grassy plain.", "a giraffe in a field near a tree with a sky background", "A giraffe standing amongst tall, dry grass under a tree"]
["very many planes being offloaded at the airport", "A row of airplanes in a yard at an airport.", "Airplanes pulled up at an airport loading area", "An airport tarmac line with jetliners under a dark blue sky.", "A bunch of commercial planes parked by terminals at night."]
["A giraffe's head is pictured in this clear, colorful photo.", "A giraffe is standing tall in the middle of several bright green trees", "The face of a giraffe looking to the side.", "the close up head shot of a giraffe", "this is a giraffe chewing on some leaves"]
["A giraffe walking in a grassy area next to trees.", "A giraffe stands by itself in the weeds and trees.", "Tall giraffe in natural outdoor setting of grasses and trees.", "A single giraffe standing in tall grass next to a tree", "A giraffe is walking through very talk grass."]
["A giraffe spreads its legs in order to get its head closer to the ground.", "A giraffe stretches it's legs in a field.", "A giraffe standing in a zoo enclosure on splayed legs.", "A giraffe bending over in the grass with a branch in his mouth. ", "A giraffe is standing with his front legs apart."]
["A large white airplane sitting on a runway.", "A KLM jet airplane sitting on the tarmac at an airport.", "A passenger jet taxis on an airport tarmac.", "A KLM passenger jet taxis on an airport runway.", "The airplane is sitting and waiting for the passengers."]
["A dark street with a bicycle near a tree on the side of a building. ", "A tree stands beside the building on the empty sidewalk.", "A dark shot of a building on a street at night", "A shadow of a traffic light cast on a white building with bars in it's windows.", "The side of a building that has a tree."]
["A long red wall with car brake lights reflecting off it", "Cars that are parked on the side of a street.", "some cars driving by the side of the road", "A quiet city street is seen in this picture.", "Cars driving down a street near a wall."]
["The large aircraft flies through the cloudy sky.", "A large passenger jet flying through a cloudy sky.", "A passenger jet with orange and red designs shown flying.", "A passenger plane flying through a cloud filled sky", "A white airplane with orange and yellow designs in the sky."]
["A red and yellow trimmed plane sitting on tarmac.", "A large jet airplane taking off on a runway.", "a large air plane on an air port run way", "An airplane parked on the runway in front of some buildings.", "A white and red jet airliner on a grassy runway."]
["A large jet flying over some small foothills.", "A large white airplane coming downwards from the sky.", "An airplane is flying near a metal structure.", "A plane flying low in preparation to land on the landing strip.", "An airplane coming in for a landing next to a large tower."]
["The dog lies on the ground, while the two men talk to each other.", "A  tree lined park setting with a man sitting on a bench, another man standing up in the grass adn a dog resting on the grass.", "Two man at the park and dog laying on the ground.", "Two people standing in front of a park bench in the sun.\n", "A old man sits on a bench next to a lying dog."]
["A distant shot with people approaching the bus. ", "A large bus and a group of people on a street.", "People on sidewalk by bus on city street with other bus, car, grass, and tall buildings.", "A public bus held in higher focus then the rest of the picture.", "People are lining up to board a bus."]
["A street view of tall buildings, street lights and traffic lights.", "View of street lights still lit as a traffic light shines green", "A wide angle view of buildings in a city ", "A tall skyscraper next to a few other shorter buildings.", "A traffic signal in a big wide city street by buildings."]
["A man sitting on a bench holding a blue umbrella with black dots.", "A man sitting on top of a bench while holding a blue umbrella.", "A man in suspenders sitting on a bench with an umbrella.", "A man is sitting on a bench with an umbrella.", "a man sitting on a wooden bench holding an umbrella"]
["It is a territory with numerous things to watch. \n", "An eighteen-wheeler turning left at a stop light", "A stop light with all rea lights on a street", "Red lights are across the street on poles.", "A traffic light sitting over a street with traffic on it."]
["A traffic light sitting next to a cluster of traffic cones.", "Two blue arrows and several orange cones on a street corn with a green light.", "A street with barriers, traffic signs and a traffic light.", "A green traffic light is near cones and a sign with an arrow on it.", "A traffic light and some cones on a street."]
["a bus that is parked next to some dirt", "a pole is next to a bus outside", "A boat painted to look like a bus with an odd statue in front of it.", "A bus is parked on the side of a road near a warhead.", "A blue and white bus on top of something on a sunny day"]
["Giraffe chewing on grasses looking over wire fence in zoo enclosure.", "A giraffe thats standing and looking at the camera man. ", "A giraffe is looking at the camera and eating.", "A giraffe with grass in its mouth looking over a fence line.", "A giraffe standing on top of a lush green field."]
["A city bus driving down a city street", "There is a group of cars passing a bank", "A bus driving past a billboard across the street from a bank.", "A bus and car are stopped at an intersection.", "A bus and cars traveling down a city street."]
["A girl with blue socks sitting on a blue bench.", "A woman sitting on a blue park bench next to a patch of dirt.", "This woman is wearing crazy knee length socks ", "A person on a blue bench wearing patterned socks.", "A girl sitting on a bench with one shoe off fixing a very colorful sock that comes to her knee."]
["dogs standing around with someone watching them ", "A couple of dogs standing on a city street.", "A group of dogs in the aisle of a bus with bicycle in background.", "A group of dogs standing in the aisle with people seated.", "There are dogs and people inside a bus."]
["Two bulls who are walking on a street.", "Two cows taking a rest near some bricks.", "two cows and a bicycle rider passing a train", "A few oxes sit by a big train outside", "a couple of cows that are out front of a bus"]
["A bus driving down a city street during the day.", "Traffic on a street with a bus going through an intersection.", "a line of autos traveling down city street ", "A bus drives down a lane of a city street.", "Buses going through several intersections with their headlights on"]
["Styrofoam coffee cup laying on an metal bench.", "A can sitting in the middle of a bench.", "A coffee cup sits on a bench outside. ", "A single lone cup of coffee sitting on a black park bench. ", "A lone coffee cup sits on an empty park bench"]
["A knife sticking out of the top of a wooden table.", "a couple of knifes that are stuck in some wood", "a close up of two knives stuck in a wooden surface ", "Two knives are embedded in a wooden table.", "Two knives sticking into a table side by side. "]
["A clock tower is seen in the distance on a busy city street.", "a number of traffic lights on a city street", "A street that has a lot of traffic on it.", "A city street filled with lots of pedestrian traffic.", "some traffic lights people buildings and cars "]
["black and white stripped  poles with stop lights attached", "A street with lots of lights and traffic lights.", "A barren street corner with city lights at night. ", "a street some traffic lights and street lights at night", "A city road with traffic and street lights", "a street  traffic light street lights and some buildings"]
["A small white and blue bus traveling down a road.", "An bus travels down a road by a large body of water. ", "a bus on a highway next to a large river.", "THERE IS A CITY BUS ON THE STREET ", "Old bus traveling down road, near river and bridge."]
["A double decker bus, and cars on a city street.", "A red double decker bus going down the street with other traffic.", "The city train is traveling down the busy street.", "a public transit bus on a city street ", "a tall red bus is coming down some tracks"]
["A lush green field with animals grazing on top of it under a snow covered mountain range.", "A herd of cows in a field near the base of a mountain.", "A farm with cows and mountains in the background.", "A scenic view of a ranch with cattle and mountains in the background ", "High altitude house looking over a herd of grazing cattle."]
["A double decker bus going along a road with old buildings in the background.", "a bus traveling down the city streets ", "Big Ben and the Houses of Parliment behind a double decker bus.", "there is a red double decker bus coming up the street", "a tall red bus near a clock tower"]
["Three adult giraffe stand at a grove of trees.", "Group of giraffes grazing with foliage and trees", "Three giraffes are standing behind a tree. ", "A few giraffes are eating leaves off of trees", "there are many giraffes standing behind bushes in the wild"]
["A giraffe extending its mouth toward a tree branch.", "A giraffe in a zoo type enclosure eating foliage off a tree.", "A line giraffe standing in front of a stone wall eating from a tree.", "A giraffe is in an enclosure by some large rocks.", "A singe giraffe eating from a tree in an enclosure."]
["some people sitting on some benches flowers and buildings", "A collection of benches that are sitting around a fountain.", "Many people are sitting on benches are a fountain. ", "A park like setting with fountain outside a high rise building ", "Some people are sitting on benches by a fountain."]
["A street light and other road signs. ", "A traffic light and traffic signs sitting in front of a building.", "Various traffic signs and traffic lights in front of a building.", "A sign post with a wrong way sign, a cross walk sign and a traffic light mounted to it.", "There are a group of signs on a light pole in a city."]
["Two women that are sitting on a bus.", "aa couple of kids are sitting on a bus", "Two women seated on a bus are smiling", "Two young girls posing for a picture while riding a bus.", "a couple of girls smile while riding on a bus "]
["A happy man on a bus with other passangers.", "Male passengers, two Asian, smile on a bus ride.", "Two men smiling while riding in a bus.", "A group of men sitting on a bus next to each other.", "a man on a bus and a man looking over his shoulder both smiling"]
["A dog stands on a street corner near a group of people.", "A dog and several people stand near a road.", "A couple of people at a street corner next to a dog.", "A dog standing on the corner of a city street,", "A black dog standing alone on a corner near a cross walk that has people waiting to the cross the street."]
["a traffic light on the same pole as a street light ", "a building people sign windows and a street light", "the view of an auto shop from a car window", "A street light sitting above a street near a sign.", "some kind of bus parked by a buliding"]
["A bench sitting next to a river next to a bridge", "A bridge in a city spans across a waterway with benches and a boat underneath.", "A boat sits on the water under the bridge.", "A park bench facing a bridge and cityscape.", "a bench near a river, situated close to a bridge"]
["One giraffe sitting on the grass and another giraffe standing up. ", "One of the giraffes is laying in the grass.\n", "Two girioffs, one is laying down and other one is standing up..", "A pair of giraffe in a park.One of them is sitting and one of them is standing.", "there are two giraffes one is standing and one is laying down"]
["A large herd of sheep crossing over a dirt roadway.", "A large group of sheep moving down a hill.", "A large group of sheep are in the rural road.", "A man on horse back and a truck watching a herd of sheep cross a road.", "A herd of sheep running down a hill from a road."]
["Four kids playing in the leaves on a fall day.", "Group of children playing inside a pile of leaves. ", "Several kids play in a pile of leaves.", "little kids sit on the ground and play in dried leaves ", "A group of children playing in a pile of leaves in a yard. "]
["a red and blue fire hydrant and people walking in the rain", "A fire hydrant on a wet street in a small city.", "A blue and red fire hydrant stands in a brick city square in the rain.", "A blue and red fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.", "A blue fire hydrant on a brick road "]
["A girl putting her hands in the water spraying from a fire hydrant ", "A girl walking behind an open fire hydrant spraying water.", "a fire hydrant spraying water out onto a street ", "I am not sure what this image is.", "a person standing next to a fire hydration that is spraying water"]
["A park bench sitting in the middle of a forest.", "A wooden bench sits in the ground next to trees.", "Black and white image of a bench in a frorest.", "Black and white photograph of a park bench in woods.", "black and white image of a bench in a forest"]
["A sheep being pet by a group of people.", "People stand looking at sheep who had just been sheared.", "A sheared sheep with a group of people around it", "Several people at a fair looking at an animal.", "Lamb being weighed on the scale for auction "]
["A wooden bench near tall vegetation in front of a house.", "A bench is sitting amongst the trees and the bushes.", "A wooden bench in front of a house's front yard with a lot of bushes.", "A black bench sitting outside a small cottage.", "A wooden bench in the lush garden of a cottage."]
["A school bus that is stopped and letting children off the bus.", "Several children departing from a school bus in a city", "Children get off a school bus as a crossing guard stands among them. ", "Kids prepare to board a school bus on a road.", "Children are getting off a bus while a woman directs them."]
["a school bus parked in front of a brick school", "The school bus is waiting in front of the large school.", "a yellow school bus is parked by the curb", "A yellow school bus driving down a street.", "a  yellow bus parked in front of school"]
["The fire hydrant is sitting on the side of the road", "There is a wall of paper and posters on this sidewalk.", "A city street with a construction wall covered in posters", "Many different pictures are posted on the sidewalk wall.", "A street with a wall with graffiti and plastered paper."]
["A fire hydrant on the side of the road, it looks old.", "A fire hydrant is painted with a blue top and red and white stripes.", "A single fire hydrant that is painted red, white and blue.", "An old fire hydrant painted in red, white and blue", "A picture of an old fire hydrant painted like the american flag."]
["A dumpster sitting in front of a building covered in graffiti.", "A small garbage can on a sidewalk with graffiti ", "A graffiti covered dumpster sits on a sidewalk.", "Spray painted garbage dumpster sitting in front of a black fire hydrant. ", "Street scene of black fire hydrant in front a dumpster with graffiti on its side."]
["A stone bench in front of a fallen tree.", "A small stone bench near a tree in the grass.", "A cute stone bench sitting near a dead tree.", "A stone bench sits near some fallen trees. ", "A fallen tree leaning on a standing tree near a bench."]
["A red fire hydrant sitting in the middle of a sidewalk.", "A very close up look at a cute red fire hydrant.", "A fire hydrant is standing by a city street.", "a red and black fire hydrant standing next to a pole ", "A red fire hydrant is pictured during the daytime."]
["A empty bench in a grassy field with yellow flowers surrounding it and a lake and mountains in the background.", "A bench sitting in the grass near flowers.", "A white bench in a green field by mountains. ", "A lone bench in a park with huge snow covered mountains in the background.", "A wooden and iron park bench on an empty field."]
["a bunch of animals that are runing in a field", "One small dog running next to four sheep.", "A dog herding four sheep across a grassy field.", "a dog is next to a couple of sheep", "A dog wrangling a group of sheep in a field."]
["A man herding sheep into an open pen.", "A man is standing in a field while some sheep are looking at something.", "A man herding sheep with a dog helping him", "He may be getting ready to shave the sheet for their wool.", "A herd of sheep standing next to a dog in a field."]
["The yellow fire hydrant is next to the bushes.", "A picture of a fire hydrant next to a plant.", "The yellow and black fire hydrant has leaves around it.", "A water hydrant sits in front of foliage.", "the fire hydrant is yellow and is next to green plants"]
["A couple of sheep standing in the tall grass.", "The two sheeps are standing in tall brown grass.", "Two sheep are walking through the high grass.", "Two sheep stand together in the tall grass.", "Animals standing beside each other in a grassy field. "]
["A photo of chalk writing on the sidewalk next to a white fire hydrant.", "A white fire hydrant sitting on a sidewalk next to chalk writing.", "Writings and sayings in sidewalk chalk surround a small fire hydrant.", "Chalk writing around a fire hydrant on a sidewalk", "A fire hydrant's shadow is shown outlined on the sidewalk."]
["three children sitting on a bench near one another", "A group of children sit on a bench outside.", "Three kids sitting on a bench near trees. ", "three children are sitting on a brown wooden bench", "A group of boys sitting on a bench making funny faces."]
["A woman sits on a bench with her hand up.", "W girl is sitting on a wooden bench by a rock wall.", "A girl waves awkwardly while sitting on a bench against a rock wall.", "A woman that is sitting on a bench.", "A little girl wearing a hat with ears sitting on a park bench with large boulders behind it."]
["A large woman sitting on a bench outside. ", "A girl is sitting on a bench with one hand in the air. ", "A person sits on a bench and holds up a hand.", "A bench with a smiling woman with her hand aloft rests in front of a  parking lot with many vehicles, behind which looms a big hill with a large number of houses dotting its base and lower regions. ", "Woman expressing joy at outdoor bench near populated area."]
["An old woman sits on a bench and raises her hand", "A older woman is wearing two scarfs and waving.", "Woman in red jacket is sitting on a bench.", "A woman wraped up with her hand in the air.", "A person with a scarf on their head sitting on a bench next to flowers with their hand raised"]
["Several goats wearing bell collars standing in a field.", "A herd of black cattle grazing on a lush green field.", "Goats in the grass with bells around their necks.", "A black goat wearing a red collar with bells is stopped and staring for a picture.", "Two small black rams grazing in the grass."]
["A baby giraffe standing next to a wire fence.", "a small giraffe inside of a structure behind a fence", "A giraffe sticking its head over a wire fence.", "a girrafe reaches its neck over a fence to eat from a bucket", "A giraffe in a zoo enclosure eating from a small bucket."]
["Many sheep are grazing in the green field.", "A field of cows standing in a pasture.", "A herd of sheep grazing in a lush meadow.\n", "A herd of sheep grazing in a meadow.", "White sheep are grazing in a green field."]
["many  birds flying in the air and walking on a beach", "A large group of birds standing on and flying above a beach.", "There is a large flock of birds on the beach.", "A flock of seagulls standing and flying about a shore area.", "A large flock of seagulls gathered at a shoreline by the ocean."]
["A herd of sheep standing next to each other on a lush green field.", "A bunch of sheep in a small pen.", "Several sheep being held in pens on a farm.", "Adult sheep standing in metal pens in grassy area.", "Sheep are separated in stalls two by two."]
["Two wooly sheep are standing in a pen.", "Two sheep standing side by side at a petting zoo.", "Two sheep standing in an orange fenced in pen. ", "Two sheep in a penned area surrounded by red fence.", "Sheep that have a lot of wool and yellow ear tags."]
["there are three she eps standing together on the grass", "Heavily woolen sheep standing near orange netting in grassy field.", "Two sheep stand next to a fence on grass.", "A herd of sheep standing on a lush green field.", "A group of sheep standing in the grass."]
["Small group of giraffes traveling through dense green brush", "A group of giraffe are foraging in a bushy field.", "Three giraffes tower above trees and brush as they feed.", "A group of giraffes eating in an area of think foliage.", "Three giraffes eating in a heavily shrubbed area."]
["a very tall giraffe standing in the wilderness", "a tall giraffe peering over some trees and shrubbery", "A giraffe roaming through his natural habitat on a cloudy day.", "A giraffe standing above trees with clouds in background.", "a giraffe craning its long neck above a green jungle"]
["A herd of animals walking and laying on a lush green field.", "Sheep and cows sitting in a grassy field", "sheep and cows resting on a grassy area near trees", "Grassy field with sheep and cows resting comfortably.  ", "A green pasture of black and white cows, and sheep."]
["The orange fire hydrant is beside an old shack.", "A small outbuilding next to an orange fire hydrant ", "A fire hydrant stand next to a dilapidated shack. ", "An old whitewash shed with a red fire hydrant near it.  ", "A fire hydrant near a small, old barn."]
["a little yellow fire hydrogen that is out in the open", "A yellow fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.", "The large building has trees all around it. ", "A yellow fire hydrant sits in front of a large building. ", "A buildig with windows near trees and rocks."]
["A fire hydrant is standing in the middle of a parking lot.", "A fire hydrant is standing alone in a parking lot.", "A fire hydrant is in the middle of a parking lot.", "A fire hydrant in the middle of the parking lot.  ", "a fire hydrant in the middle of a large paved area"]
["A pigeon perched on a ledge with a street behind it.", "A grey pigeon is shown close up, as two people walk by in the background.", "A pigeon with red feet perched on a wall. ", "Close-up picture of a pigeon on a ledge with people in background.", "Two people are in the background of a pigeon."]
["two giraffes a tree dirt and a hill", "a giraffe has a green plant in its nouth", "Two giraffes stand by each other and look at the camera.", "One of the two giraffes has grass in it's mouth. ", "this is a close up picture of two giraffes faces"]
["Two people are standing and talking to each other with a bus in the background.", "some people standing outside of a building with a public transit bus", "Large buses and cranes on the wet parking lot of a commercial building.", "Two people stand a talk to each other in an industrial area as a bus drives past.", "Two people standing outside of a bus are talking."]
["A sign advertising a cosmetology school on the side of a road.", "A sign for a beauty store in a city. ", "A very big business sign near the road.", "A business sign next to a fence near the street.", "Ann Marie's World of Beauty is being advertised. "]
["One of the three giraffe is eating from a tree. ", "three giraffes one eating from a tree, other two walking around.", "Giraffes are standing together in the grass near trees.", "Three zebras standing around in a field doing different things", "A group of three giraffes running in a field."]
["A herd of sheep in a rural landscape with trees and a pond in the background.", "Sheep graze peacefully in a field near the water.", "There are lots of goats in the grassy field.", "A group of sheep grazing in a large field.", "A herd of sheep in a field grazing "]
["A humming bird mid flight preparing to land on a tree ", "A blurry picture of a bird flapping its wings and a squirrel in the tree.", "This is an image of a bird and a squirrel.", "A bird on a tree is flapping its wings.", "A bird with wings outstretched is by a tree."]
["A white bus route sign hanging from the side of a black pole.", "The sign is pointing the direction of the bus route.", "a street post with a sign attached saying bus route in front of a building", "A sign that shows where the bus route goes.", "A sign is pointing in the direction of the bus route."]
["Two birds looking at their reflections in side mirror", "A bird hanging of rear view mirror of a brown truck.", "A bird looks at it self in the mirror of a vehicle.", "a little bird looking at itself in a sideview mirror ", "Some birds are on a car and looking in it's mirror."]
["a red bird flying past a car window", "a bird is flying into the window of a car", "A bird that is flying near a car window.", "Feathers are outside of a car window near the side mirror. ", "A red bird fluttering next to a car window."]
["A small red bird sitting on top of a rear view mirror on the side of a car.", "A small red bird perched on a mirror", "A bird stands on a car mirror and looks.", "A small cardinal perches on a car mirror and looks inside.", "A red bird standing on a car's side mirror looking into the car"]
["A street sign that has been altered with graffiti.", "The street sign in posted near people walking across a road. ", "A street sign is front of a row of buildings.  ", "Pedestrian sign and bus sign in urban area.", "a black and white photo of some people signs and buildings"]
["A bird that is sitting on a ledge.", "The bird perched atop the white railing overlooking the city.", "A bird sits on the balcony rail of a high rise building.", "a brown and yellow bird is sitting on a white railing", "A bird is perched on the railing of a high rise building."]
["Someone is holding a bird up to a book. ", "A bird that is looking down at a books pages.", "A person holds a bird above the pages of a book.", "A hand is holding a bird up to an open book.", "A person holding a bird over a book."]
["The clock has different bird pictures in place of the numbers.", "A clock with different types of birds on it.", "A clock with the numbers replaced with different types of birds.", "A clock is shown with birds replacing the numbers.", "A clock using birds in place of numbers. "]
["A bird themed clock sitting inside of a green box.", "A clock with birds sits for sale on a store shelf.", "A singing bird clock is on display at a store.", "The wall clock has birds in the place of numbers.", "a bird clock sitting on a shelf in a walmart store "]
["A group of sheep in grassy area next to a fence.", "Sheep looking out over a fence from a grassy enclosure.", "Two sheep are looking through the barbed wire fence.", "Three sheep standing behind a metal fence in the grass.", "Three sheep are standing in a field behind a barbed wire fence."]
["A street sign sitting on the corner of a sidewalk.", "The street signs are clearly visible for all of us to see. ", "A \"one-Way\" street sign in front of a concrete wall at a street corner.", "An intersection with a One Way sign, railing and  Pedestrians Wait For Walk Signal sign", "There are a few items of graffiti drawn on the concrete wall by the street signs."]
["A street sign with direction lights covered in black", "a street post with lights and signs with trees in the background", "A street sign on a post with the crosswalk signal covered up.", "a street pole with a sign sits in front of some trees", "A street sign that reads \"South Rd\" is mounted to a pole."]
["A tropical bird hanging upside down on two wires.", "The white bird is hanging upside down on the line.", "A white bird hangs upside down from a wire.", "A parrot is hanging down from one wire to chew on another wire.", "White cockatoo hanging upside down on outside telephone wires."]
["A large bird standing on top of a wooden post.", "A crane perched on the edge of a wooden dock", "A very big pretty bird by the water.", "A bird stands on a post in front of water. ", "There is a bird that is sitting on the dock"]
["on the street showing a sign on the road", "three street signs on a metal  pole next to a bricked wall.", "A number of traffic signs in a foreign language. ", "The signs are clearly visible for us to see. ", "A group of signs that are near a wall."]
["A large bird perched on top of a tree branch.", "A bird is sitting on a branch in front of a palm type tree.", "A bird on a stick with palm fronds in back.", "A colorful bird perched on a tree branch.", "A small bird on a tree branch in the woods."]
["A bird is perched on a branch in a tree. ", "a brown gray and white bird is sitting on a branch", "A bird sits on a stick among some leaves.", "A pudgy little bird roosts on a twig, surrounded by long leaves.", "A bird sitting on a branch of a tree."]
["A bird sitting in a field of beautiful purple flowers.", "a bird perched on the top of a fields of pretty pink flowers", "A bird perched on top of a flower in a field.", "A small yellow and black bird perched on a single purple daisy amongst many.", "A filed of flowers with a yellow bird there."]
["A tall sign next to a parking lot.", "A large sign that is for a salon.", "a billboard showing a very nice park in town", "Commercial sign for a beauty store near the street.", "A billboard sign listing information for a beauty school."]
["An old brick building on a city street corner.", "A tall brown brick building next to a street light.", "A large brown brick building with Arch windows.", "a big building sits next to some street lights ", "a street light is near a large building"]
["Train wreck fallen down into a body of water.", "A train wreck with train cars floating in water.", "Train derailment with one car laying in the water.", "A train accident where some cars when into a river.", "A train wreck with cars submerged in water. "]
["A black cat sitting on topo of a bed.", "A cat sitting on a bed with a knit hat on its head.", "Black cat laying down wearing an orange cap with a black pompom.", "A black cat with a tiny knitted hat on its head.", "A black cat resting on a bed wearing a tiny winter hat."]
["A red train driving on a train train track next to an elevated stone sidewalk.", "An old steam locomotive sits on the tracks while two people shovel coal.", "The train is coming down the track in front of an embankment.", "A train engine getting loaded with coal by two men.", "A locomotive arrives at a tree lined stop.  "]
["A train is moving along the tracks beside a house.", "BRIGHT RED TRAIN HEADING DOWN THE TRACKS THROUGH THE MOUNTAINS", "A red train is on a railroad track near a small cluster of buildings.", "the train is pulling into the station in the mountains", "The red train is pulling into the station."]
["The van drives down the street behind two people walking a dog. ", "A road with a couple walking a dog, and a car driving.", "A woman walks her dog down the street with another woman. ", "A couple walking their dog on a dirty street.", "A couple walks a dog along a quiet street."]
["A yellow street sign that reads safe passage", "Several people in the distance cross a street as a fire truck sits curbside near them.", "A street sign lets people know this is a safe passage", "The street sign says \"safe passage\" to allow for pedestrians to cross the street safely.", "An intersection in a town with a safe passage street sign."]
["A sheep stands out in an open field of grass.", "A small brown lamb walking across a lush green field.", "A wooly black-faced sheep in a windy green pasture.", "A sheep that is walking in a field.", "a small lamb is walking around in a field"]
["A small black pug is wearing a sweater and Santa Claus hot.", "A puppy dog wearing a sweater and santa hat.", "A dog sitting on a couch wearing a santa hat.", "A dog wearing a sweater and a Santa hat.", "A dog is wearing a santa hat and red sweater. "]
["A woman in white shirt climbing onto an elephant.", "A person climbing on top of an elephant.", "A person is trying to climb on top of an elephant.", "Person climbing on elephant on dirt ground with trees", "a person in a white shirt is climbing up on to an elephant"]
["a train on a train track with a sky in the background", "A large yellow and black train traveling through rural countryside.", "A yellow and black train traveling beneath a blue sky.", "A man is standing on the top of a yellow and black train.", "A yellow and black train speeding along the rails."]
["A long passenger train traveling through a rural countryside.", "a train running on a train track with a mountain in the background", "Vintage train crossing a pasture land with a mountain in the backdrop. ", "An electric locomotive hauls freight and passengers through a wide valley.", "A train travels on a train track next to an open field."]
["The large green train is approaching a platform.", "a train on a train track with a sky background", "An old train near a station as a woman looks on", "a green train traveling down a train track next to a railway platform.", "A white and green train passing by a building."]
["The bluebird is just sitting quietly on the branch.", "A blue bird perched on top of a dry tree branch.", "A blue bird is perched on a branch of a tree.", "A black and blue bird sitting on a branch on a tree. ", "A blue bird on a branch in the woods."]
["Multiple train tracks with a train on one of the tracks.", "A yellow and white virgin train coming out of a tunnel.", "a train on train tracks under a bridge", "A dirty train sits on the railroad track.", "A train is seen coming out of a tunnel"]
["A man standing next to an elephant who stole his hat with it's trunk.", "An elephant removing the hat off of a man's head.", "Elephant lifting off the hat of a man.", "An elephant removing a man's hat with its trunk.", "an elephant uses his tusk to lift a mans hat "]
["A man standing in an airport with lots of luggage.", "Passengers sit and stand in front of a shop in the train terminal.", "Several people standing with luggage inside a metro station.", "A covered outdoor market in a train station.  ", "A large building with many different people inside."]
["A close up of a street pole with several signs.", "A street sign pole with several signs in front of a stone building.", "A very close up view of some pretty city street signs.", "there are many different signs on this street pole", "some street signs on a pole next to a big building "]
["A couple of cows tied to a fence in a city area.", "These cows are in a parking lot next to a fence", "Cows are tied to the small fence in the middle of the town.", "LIVESTOCK TETHERED TO A FENCE IN A PUBLIC AREA", "Two cows tied to a fence near a street, under a tree."]
["A man is riding on a cart led by two cattle.", "A man that is sitting on a cart with cows in front of it.", "A man riding on the back of a bull drawn carriage.", "A man sitting on a cart being pulled by cows.", "THIS IS A PHOTO OF A MAN ON A CART BEING PULLED BY TWO COWS"]
["A river with lots of trees on the river banks and a bridge in the middle of the river.", "A train rides across a bridge over water. ", "A train is parking on the bridge above the river.", "a train on a train track over a bridge", "A train traveling on top of a bridge spanning a river."]
["A group of small birds walking on top of a beach.", "A distant shot of large birds on a frozen lake. ", "This is a picture of birds on the beach.", "Five birds standing on icy/snowy ground looking for food.", "Several birds have landed on an ice covered body of water."]
["Three tropical bird perched on top of high bare branches ", "Three green birds perched on a branch in the sky.", "Three green birds perched on a limb with the sky in the background.", "Three green exotic birds standing on a tree branch.", "Three green parakeets perch on top of a leafless branch."]
["A train speeding down the tracks in the middle of a field.", "A train approaches past a line of trees.", "A cargo train passes by an industrial area. ", "A train riding through a lumber yard. ", "A train is moving down the train track."]
["Some old buildings have street signs next to them.", "There are street signs that show a direction of travel", "A one-way sign on Broadway street in an older part of the city. ", "There are some streets signs on a light post.", "A one way street sing mounted to the side of a pole."]
["A small bird is perched on an empty bird feeder.", "A picture of a bird on a rustic looking feeder", "A small bird perched on the edge of a bird feeder.", "A small bird is perched on a birdfeeder.", "A bird sitting on the edge of a bird feeder."]
["a large body of water with trees in the background", "Several birds sitting in the water of a lake.", "Several ducks are swimming on the blue pond.", "A calm lake in the middle of the day.", "Ducks standing and swimming in a pond. "]
["A man with a tie and hat on standing in the grass. ", "A man in a hat and suit playing crochet ", "A man holding a mallet while standing next to a tree.", "A man is standing in the grass with a crochet mallet.", "Man in a suit jacket and hat holding a croquet mallet."]
["this is a train riding down the tracks", "A red train with a white stripe across it driving up a train track. ", "A passenger train going through an urban area. ", "Two car commuter train on track in metropolitan area.", "The orange and white train is running beneath wires. "]
["A red and white train traveling along a mountain road.", "A train driving down the tracks near trees and a building.", "A white and red train moving along an elevated track.", "A red and white tram traveling through the countryside.", "A red and white tram is going down the tracks."]
["A group of red trains parked in a train lot next to a mountain.", "A train station with trains parking at the platforms", "A large red train on a steel track.", "A Train station that has trains pulling in on multiple tracks.", "a platform for a train station with several trains stopped."]
["A train traveling very close to houses next to a street.", "A blue rail car, followed by a green rail car, driving in a residential neighborhood.", "A trolley with one blue and one green car moving down a street.", "A multicolored train near some buildings with mountains behind them.", "A train riding along a street on a track."]
["There is a multi colored train pulling into a station.", "A yellow train traveling along the railroad tracks.", "A train with a yellow front is on the railroad tracks.", "A picture of a train going on the train tracks.", "A train is rounding the train tracks at a station."]
["A stop sign with a persons thighs on it", "This street sign has been vandalized by someone.", "A street sign, with a comical view of a person legs above it.", "These street signs have been covered in stickers", "A stop sign on a pole on a street."]
["A couple of signs mounted to the sides of a building.", "A bunch of signs line the walls of a building.", "Signs on a building in Saint-Quentin advertise restaurants and bars.", "Several signs for bars and restaurants are displayed on buildings.", "Numerous signs are on a building in public."]
["a close up photo of a stop sign and a street sign", "a street sign is hanging on a pole", "Street sign indicating time to stop and street name.", "A green street sign that reads Alyeska Highway.", "A stop sign and a street sign for Alyeska Highway."]
["A street next to two road blocks and a blurry object.", "A blurry image of an object with signs behind it and motor bikes.", "A photo of a blurry object in the middle of the road.", "an image of a blurry image on wheels", "A high speed photo of a moving object. "]
["A busy city street filled with people walling and street signs.", "An urban street with lots of signs and advertisements and busy traffic. ", "An Asian street scene with different types of vehicles.", "A foreign city street is filled with signs, people and vehicles.", "City street with shops, pedestrians, automobiles, and motorcyclist. "]
["A street sign that has various different directions.", "A direction post sign points to multiple locations.", "A sign pointing to eight different locations in a town.", "The brown pole has many streets and destinations on it.", "A couple of signs are hanging on a pole"]
["Two triangular street signs on grass next to brick pathway.", "Two street signs that are posted on a pole in a park.", "A sign is displayed near a walkway on grass.", "A road sign sitting next to a road and a building.", "The street signs are clearly marked for us to see. "]
["a sign showing birds are not allowed in the area", "A warning sign indicating a crossing for ducks.  ", "A triangle duck crossing sign with red border.", "A sign with a duck on it hanging outside", "Close up of a duck sign, triangular white with red border and black duck, on a pole with sidewalk, grass and building behind."]
["A street sign depicting the corner of TUDOR CITY PLACE and E 42 ST.", "A sign for East 42 street and Tudor City.", "A street sign for Tudor City Place and 42 Street.", "A street sign against a sky with many clouds", "A street pole with street signs hanging off of it's sides."]
["A busy street on the side of the hill ", "a street lined with parked cars in front of apartment buildings", "Many cars are parked along both sides of a narrow street.", "Many different types of vehicles on a street.", "A street sign with a one way and do not enter sign under a traffic light."]
["A tall building with balconies behind a red and white sign.", "A large apartment building with signs out front", "Warning signs in a foreign language are posted in front of a tall building.", "A street sign with an apartment building in the background.", "A street scene with focus on a street sign with a long street name."]
["A red stop sign sitting on the side of a road.", "there is a stop sign and a sign underneath it on the same pole", "An intersection with street light poles and traffic sign poles. ", "A stop sign in front of a traffic intersection in a neighborhood.", "A stop sign for all directions next to a side walk and intersection. "]
["A red stop sign sitting next to a green street sign.", "A stop sigh next to a street sign on its own pole.", "a stop sign and a white and green street sign and some trees", "The road signs are clearly visible for all of us to see. ", "A street sign and stop sign near some trees."]
["A man cycling and a Stop sign at the front", "A person riding their bike down a path to a gate with a stop sign.", "A man riding a bike towards a gate with a stop sign.", "a man on a bike riding towards a gate with a  stop sign", "A person riding a bicycle toward a stop sign."]
["A white trunk parked next to a stop sign.", "A pedestrian walks in front of a white truck at a marked crosswalk.", "A man walking by a sign saying stop for pedestrians.", "there is a white car that is stopped at the cross walk", "a white truck that is parked by a stop sign"]
["The Stop sign has been hit and is leaning to the side.", "A stop sign sits crooked in the grass outside.", "a stop sign that is knocked over in the grass", "A tilted signpost with attached street signs next to a road.", "A red stop sign leaning over on it's side."]
["People standing in front of building holding protest signs.", "two people holding signs near a building with a sky background", "Two people holding up signs to stop the war on workers.", "A picture of some people holding a sign.", "The red and blue sign wants to stop the war on workers."]
["A person holding up a paper with a red stop sign on it.", "A person holding a sign that says stop.", "A hand holding a paper with a printed message.", "A person holds up a sign against attacks on worker rights. ", "A advert featuring a stop sign and the slogan \"the attack on worker rights\" "]
["A stop sign is the focal point of an intersection that is covered in snow during the winter.", "A stop sign in winter following a recent snow.", "A picture of Winter Street during the winter. ", "A snowy neighborhood and stop sign are at Winter Street. ", "A stop sign at the intersection of two snowy streets with mountains in the distance."]
["a train carrying some heavy equipment resting on the tracks", "A train car is pulling something that looks like it could be from a sci-fi film.", "A large rocking shaped metallic object sitting on top of train tracks.", "A couple of large pieces of equipment and rail cars next to a railroad track. ", "there is some type of structure in the field"]
["A side rail inside of a building. ", "The inside of a subway station with a yellow subway in the distance.", "A train is next to an enclosed train station.", "a train stopped at a train station ", "a photo of a subway as a train sits parked "]
["An old train sits alone on the train tracks.", "A freight train stopped on the tracks at a station.", "The passenger train has stopped at the station.", "A maroon and yellow train waiting at a platform.", "Picture of an exterior place that looks wonderful.\n"]
["A street lined with parking meters and cars", "Cars are parked in front of parking meters in front of shops.", "Cars line up to coin meters on at a busy sidewalk", "Cars are parked at the parking meters in order to visit the stores.", "Sidewalk and nose in street metered parking spots."]
["a double parking meter sitting next to a white and red wall ", "a double parking meter near a tiled wall", "a couple of parking meters are in front of a white wall", "A parking meter is in front of a white wall.", "The meters are sitting side by side on the street."]
["Two parking meters buried in snow with only their fronts showing.", "a couple of parking meters are covered in snow", "Only the top of the parking meters show through the deep snow.", "A double sided parking meter buried in the snow.", "Two parking meters fully covered with snow "]
["A train is pulling into the train station. ", "There is a short train pulling into a train station.", "The train is going down the railroad tracks. ", "A passenger train that is pulling into the station.", "The train has stopped on the railroad tracks at the train station."]
["A man outside of a store with neon signs.", "A man walking in front of a fast food restaurant.  ", "A street scene with a restaurant in the background.", "A man standing in front of a restaurant next to a parking meter.", "A person is near a restaurant that has benches in front."]
["The front of a restaurant with outdoor an outdoor dining area.", "a silver parking meter a street and a building", "A parking meter on the side of the road.", "A parking meter in foreground with a shop in the background.", "A parking meter and a umbrella on a street."]
["An old fashion red truck has its hood up near a dog and lady. ", "A woman standing next to a red and white truck.", "little dog wearing booties urinates on wheel of old show truck", "A woman is standing near the open hood of a truck.", "A person standing next to a red truck."]
["A person with an umbrella walking across the street.", "a woman is crossing the street with an umbrella\n", "A woman with a green striped umbrella crosses a street past a brightly painted truck.", "A woman walking down the street holding an umbrella.", "A woman with a green umbrella crosses the wet street."]
["Groups of people standing under umbrellas next to the truck", "A blue van parked at a park with several people around it.", "There is a blue truck in front of people under blue umbrellas", "a blue truck some people trees and blue umbrellas", "A food truck sits near a large group of people in a courtyard. "]
["A truck full of oranges riding on a street.", "A truck loaded with produce traveling on the road.", "A truck traveling down a highway road filled with oranges.", "A truck full of oranges drives down the street.", "Truck on an urban road hauling a lot of corn. "]
["A white food truck driving down a street at night.", "some people a white truck lights trees and buildings", "A delivery truck parked on the side of the road.", "Food truck on roadway near pedestrian in city.", "a truck parked next to a street with shrubbery"]
["A van is parked next to a fire hydrant.", "White work truck with graffiti parked beside newspaper bins and fire hydrant. ", "A truck that has some graffiti on it.", "a truck with graffiti written on it on a city sreet ", "A truck that has spray paint on it."]
["The cat's gaze is focused on something above his head.", "A cat in the grass looking up towards the sky.", "Black and white cat looks up as it rest in the grass", "A cat is laying in the grass and looking upward.", "A black and white cat has long white whiskers."]
["A man on a horse behind two cows in a field.", "A man on a horse near a dog and two cows.", "A person on horse with a dog hearding cows in a pasture.", "an image of a woman riding a horse at a pasture", "There is no image here to provide a caption for."]
["A man riding a horse through a field.", "A man riding a white horse in a field being followed by his dog.", "A loan man on a white horseback in the field with his dog and another grazing animal.", "a man is riding a horse and a dog is following behind him", "A man on a horse with a dog following behind him."]
["A herd of cattle grazing on a green grass covered field.", "A herder on a horse with a dog moving four cattle.", "A man on a horse and four cows in a field.", "A man on a horse in a field with cows and a dog.", "A man on a horse looking at his cattle."]
["Two people with hats on riding horses in the grass near a hill.", "Two people riding horses in an open pasture.", "Two people ride horse beside dogs near a meadow. ", "Two horses are being ridden through the fields.", "Two people on horses ride through a field. "]
["A man riding a white horse in a fenced in location. ", "A man on a horse in a field looking at something.", "A man is on a horse in a field", "A man rides on his horse in a pasture.", "A man sitting on the back of a white horse in a fence. "]
["A man on a horse watching another man wrestle a cow.", "A cowboy is pulling a calf down to tie.", "A cowboy is falling over backward by a horse.", "A picture of a person that is falling off of an animal.", "A man on a horse and a man wrestling a steer."]
["Three large trucks are parked near houses and a lighthouse. ", "some trucks parked next to a black and white lighthouse", "A lighthouse between homes in an industrial area.", "a bunch of trucks sit next to a building ", "a yellow work truck a red work truck and a white box truck"]
["A black cat stands on a windowsill beside a stuffed animal.", "A black cat in window sill next to an elephant toy.", "A black cat shares the window sill with a stuffed toy elephant.", "A cat and a stuffed elephant sit on a windowsill.", "A cat sitting next to a stuffed elephant on a window sill."]
["Two trucks carrying logs are traveling up a hill.", "Two logging trucks are driving on a winding, hilly road. ", "A couple of log trucks carrying large timber pieces up a hill.", "A couple of trucks are hauling some trees. ", "A painting shows trucks holding logs travelling on a country road."]
["Several horses and donkeys are grazing in a field.", "animals in a green field in the mountains", "Farm animals graze in the grass in the sunshine.", "Many different animals are in the sunlight at the base of a mountain. ", "A group of animals gather around a pocket of sunshine"]
["A young calf stands amidst the grasses on the riverside. ", "The calf is brown and is standing in grass. ", "A brown cow standing in the midst of green vegetation.", "A young light brown cow looking forward on top of the grass.", "A cow that is standing in a field."]
["A white cow standing in front of a pink building.", "A cow that is standing in front of a house.", "A farm animal on dirt outside of a home.", "A cow stands on the ground in front of a pink building.", "a pink building that has a cow next to it"]
["Somewhere in Asia a man holding the lead to a cow in a rice paddy", "A man holding a rope that is attached to a large animal. ", "A man stands against a pond with a cow on a leash", "A man standing in a field with some cattle.", "a man leading his cow to water in a field"]
["A brown cow standing in a forest next to tree branches.", "A cow with horns and a rope halted and rope hanging in the brush.", "A cow with a rope on its nose standing in a field", "a cow stands in a grassy area staring at the camera", "A brown cow standing in grassy area next to trees."]
["A woman holding a remote control while standing by the side of a street.", "A women who is looking at her cell phone.", "a woman in a brown jacket and her cellphone", "A woman holding a cell phone in her hand.", "A woman looking at a cell phone with stores in the background."]
["A cat in a dark room standing up on all fours.", "A gray stripped cat standing on a blue rug.", "The large brown and dark brown cat is looking straight ahead.", "A large tabby cat sitting on the floor.", "close up of brown a cat sitting down"]
["A cat sitting on top of a suitcase on a bed.", "A cat sitting on top of a suitcase on a bed", "A very cute cat sitting on a piece of luggage.", "The black and white cat sits on a black luggage bag.", "a large black and white cat on top of a black suitcase"]
["A cat standing on top of a bag of luggage.", "a cat that is standing on some kind of bag", "A brown cat sitting on a suitcase that is resting on the floor.", "A big cat with some yellow color sitting on a bag. ", "A cat sitting on a suitcase that is lying on the floor. "]
["A cow eating a mix of vegetables on a piece of paper next to a bird.", "The bird is walking beside a bull with dark horns.", "Cow eating food scraps on ground with bird nearby.", "A horned cow and a bird feasting on food scraps laid out on a mat", "A cow and a bird eating a smashed watermelon."]
["a close up of a person holding a tiny cat being fed with a bottle", "A small kitten is being bottle fed milk", "A baby animal that is getting fed some milk.", "The kitten drinks from the bottle that the person is holding.", "A baby kitten is being feed milk from a bottle."]
["COLORFUL BRIGHT EYED CAT SURROUNDED BY ALL BLACK AND WHITE BOTTLES AND CANS", "a cat sitting among some empty beer bottles", "A cat next to opened bottles of beer and wine", "A cat next to a windows behind cans and bottles.", "A cat standing next to bottles of beer."]
["A group of cows walking back out of the water", "The large cows are by the water getting a drink. ", "TWO BROWN COWS EXITING A WATERING HOLE TOGETHER.", "Looks like very large dogs standing in the water.", "Two large animals standing in a pool of water."]
["A cat that is looking at a pastry.", "A cat sniffing at a powdered jelly doughnut.", "A large gray cat eating a lemon jelly doughnut.", "A grey cat is hovering over a lemon filled doughnut.", "A grey cat smelling a cut filled donut on a plate."]
["A delivery truck parked next to a blue crane.", "A white truck is right by wooden logging going on.", "Dumping straw and brush from a large field into a large trunk.\n", "A cherry picker is unloading corn stalks from a truck.", "Two vehicles with people clear out a field."]
["A cat that is laying down on a couch.", "A black and white cat on top of a sofa chair.", "A black cat sleeps on an old couch.", "a close up of a cat laying on a couch", "A cat that is laying on a sofa chair."]
["A broken truck hauling a lot of junk. ", "A truck with a cage in the back and an open hood transporting various objects.", "There is a blue pick up truck broken down on the road", "A blue truck with giant tires sitting on top of a hill.", "The truck with a loaded bed is broken down on a remote road."]
["A girl dressed in pink clothing standing next to a cow. ", "A girl who is looking at a cow.", "A young lady holding a pink hook towards a black and white cow.", "A girl standing in the dirt near two cows. ", "A covered outdoor area with open walls that has a young girl walking on the dirt and a cow near her."]
["A white small trash truck sitting on top of a parking lot.", "A picture of a Bahamas Waste Truck on a street.", "a trash track that is mixed up in traffic", "There is a white garbage truck in the bahamas", "A garbage truck is driving through the narrow street."]
["A black cat sitting on top of a pot for a plant.", "a cat sitting in a flower pot on brick surface.", "Black cat sitting in a black flower pot.", "A black cat waits inside a metal flowerpot. ", "A black kitten sitting in an empty flower pot on a wall"]
["A cow wades into a stream in front of a shack.", "A cow standing in front of a old farm building.", "A horse is crossing a little stream on a farm.", "a dilapidated barn in the country with a cow", "A cow is standing in a stream on a farm. "]
["A woman naked laying in bed with a cat.", "A woman with blonde hair sleeping with her cat next to her.", "A woman sleeping under a multicolored blanket and a large cat laying next to her on it's back with all four legs spread out.", "There is a woman lying next to a cat.", "A woman and a cat sleeping in the same bed."]
["Even before daybreak, the cows are in the milking pen ", "Cows standing under a street light on a snowy night.", "Several cows stand inside an enclosure at night. ", "Cows in a corral standing in the mud at night ", "A group of cows standing next to each other."]
["A woman getting dessert from a food truck", "A group of people buying ice cream from an ice cream van.", "A group of people stnading next to a ice cream truck.", "A kid buying ice cream at a truck", "People waiting in line at a food truck. "]
["Brown and white horses graze near lawn chairs.", "a group of horses graze on some grass ", "The four horses approach the four white chairs as other animals roam the green field.", "Several white chairs lay on a grassy field while cows mill about them.", "There are three brown and white cows next to white chairs"]
["There are several brown cows eating grass outside.", "Group of cattle grazing in an open meadow with mist", "some coww of assorted sizes standing around a field", "A heard of cows are grazing on the land.", "baby calves stand around beside adult cows that are grazing on a field"]
["A red semi truck parked next to a tree.", "A semi truck with a flame paint job parked next to a tree.", "A vibrantly styled great big truck, like the kind you hook 18-wheelers up to.", "a red truck parked on a dirt ground next to several trees and a blue barrel container.", "SEMI CAB WITH RED PAINT DESIGN SITTING BY A BLUE BARREL"]
["The cat is sitting on the mans knee.", "Exotic cat sitting on a man's lap while they both watch TV.", "a man sitting with his cat inside of the house", "A man sitting in a chair next to a  cat.", "A person is sitting on the bed with a cat on his lap."]
["A large red fire truck standing in front of a building.", "A large truck parked in front of a building.", "A firetruck with its lights on headed to a fire.", "A fire engine inside or in front of a fire station.", "A large red truck parks in front of a building. "]
["A cat sleeping on top of a laptop keyboard.", "A cat sleeps on the keyboard of a laptop computer.", "A cat is sleeping on top of a laptop computer.", "A grey and white cat sleeping on a computer keyboard.", "a cat laying on a desk in front of a computer"]
["A cat is laying on a laptop on a bed", "A cat sitting on top of a paper cutter.", "A cat with its paws on a laptop.", "A cat rests on the keyboard of a laptop.", "a black gray and white cat a laptop and a bed"]
["A man holding a boat at dock with a dog standing on it.", "A man standing next to a boat on a river.", "a dog in a small boat in water ", "A man is tying a boat with a dog on board.", "A mean getting on to boat sitting in the water."]
["A large wholly yak with big horns is standing in the grass.", "A black cow in grassy field with rocks.", "A furry bison with horns standing in  a field", "A black yak standing in a field staring into the camera.", "There is a large black bull with long hair"]
["A herd of cattle grazing on a lush green grass field.", "there are many animals on this large farm field", "A herd of cows are grazing in a field beside a mountain.", "A group of cows that are standing in the grass.", "A herd of cattle grazing in a field."]
["a couple of people are sitting on a boat", "Two men sit near a sofa on a boat.", "Fancy passenger seating on an otherwise ordinary boat.", "A couple of men that are sitting down.", "People sitting near boats and a leather sofa."]
["A black cat sit among a mess of electronic devices on the bed.", "The cat is standing by the electronics on the bed. ", "A very cute dark cat standing near a computer.", "A can sitting next to a laptop computer.", "This is a picture of a black cat  on a bed."]
["A cow laying on top of a grass covered field.", "An animal of some sort on a field of some sort.", "A bull grazing on the grass of a large farm field.", "A cow laying in a grass field with a few trees.", "A cow is sitting alone on a grassy field."]
["A single cow laying in a grassy field", "A cow lying in grass in a large field with a few small trees and clear sky.", "A white cow is sitting in an open plain.", "A cow sitting in an open field, on a nice day.", "A large animal laying on top of a lush green field."]
["a beautiful boat is docked in a bay.", "A small boat is docked at the pier with pilings.", "A boat that is parked on the dock of the water. ", "a boat sits parked next to a peer ", "A boat with emergency lights on it sitting in a harbor."]
["A man standing on a red boat in the water.", "A red boat and operator moored along a riverbank with several other boats.", "a man on a red tug boat in the canal", "A number of boats on a water basin next to a windmill ", "A person that is in a boat in the water."]
["A man wearing a black suit and pink bow tie.", "A pink bow tie featuring small blue sailboats.", "A MAN HAS A PINK BOW TIE ON HIS NECK", "A man has a pink bow tie and tuxedo.", "This is a pink bow tie that has sail boats on it. "]
["A very cute black cat laying by a keyboard.", "Young black cat lying on desk with head on keyboard.", "A cat places its mouth on a computer keyboard. ", "a black cat is resting its head on a keyboard", "A black cat with big eyes laying its head on a keyboard."]
["A man is in a tv frame and making a funny face. ", "A man on the beach does a mock TV performance.", "A man is sitting in a fake TV box entertaining. ", "A man standing behind a prop of a tv set.", "A man yells while standing inside a replica of a television set.", "A man is pretending he is on television."]
["a small boat is sitting in a river", "A fishing vessel in shallow water at low tide", "A boat sits in shallow, murky water on a clear day.", "A boat sitting in a congested marshy area.", "The boat is in a body of water that is not clear. "]
["A man wearing a tie and a jacket.", "a male with a blue tie and a black jacket", "Guy putting on his jacket while shirt and tie are not completely done yet.", "Man in the process of putting on a dress jacket. ", "A young man is putting on or taking off a business suit."]
["A group of men stand together in suits.", "Six dressed up men wearing black and red suits and ties.", "A group of men are in tuxedos trimmed with red.", "A group of men are posing in a park dressed in suits.", "A bunch of guys are dressed in similar attire."]
["A closeup of a black jacket, white shirt and striped tie.", "a close up of a yellow and blue striped tie ", "A mans suit with shirt and tie is shown.", "a person wearing a collared shirt, a striped tie, and a black suit jacket.", "A man dressed in a dress shirt, tie and jacket."]
["A man holding a motorcycle helmet is moving a chair in a public place.", "A man holds a motorcycle helmet in a park.", "A man carrying a chair and a helmet.", "A man holding a helmet and carrying a chair.", "A man with a fro kickin over a metal chair."]
["a head shot of an elephant with a man sitting in the back ground", "A man sits on a ledge as his elephant entertains herself.", "An elephant standing beside a person sitting down. ", "An elephant near a man sitting down. ", "A man sitting under the head of an elephant. "]
["there is a elephant that has a red cape or cloth on its back", "An elephant with a red tarp hanging over it.", "An elephant with a red drape used for a  seat on its back.", "An elephant wearing a red sheet in front of a building.", "an elephant outdoors next to a brick wall"]
["A large elephant standing in a forest with a red blanket on it's back.", "An elephant in a settlement in the jungle, with a red cape.", "An elephant transports something while a sitting man watches on.", "An elephant with a red cape over its back.", "An elephant with a red cloth over it. "]
["A man wearing his collar up with a untied neck tie.", "A young man is wearing a shirt with a loosened tie around his neck.", "a man with his color up and an undone tie", "A man with a shirt and tie just looking at the camera ", "A man with his shirt collar turned up an his tie undone. "]
["The large motorboat is painted yellow, grey, and white.", "A large white and yellow boat docked next to a pier.", "A medium sized boat parked near the dock ", "a big boats sits docked next to a peer ", "A boat at a dock in a harbor. "]
["A man in a black shirt with red suspenders holding his hands out. ", "A smiling bespectacled man looks at the camera and claps his hands.", "A man clapping his hands together near a roof.", "A man with glasses is smiling and clapping.", "A man wearing glasses holding his hands together."]
["a large lake and a forest behind it", "A boater enjoys a pristine, wooded mountain lake.", "A small boat is on the water in front of mountains.", "A small boat on a lake with the mountains in the background. ", "A boat floating in the water near a forest."]
["The man in the tie is looking away from the camera.", "a man in a black suit gazing a round", "A man wearing a black tie and white shirt.", "a man that is in a suit and tie", "A man with sideburns, a tie and collar shirt on looking at something. "]
["A man sitting at a table wearing a shirt and tie smiling.", "A nice dressed man with his arms crossed smiling.", "A man is smiling and sitting with his arms crossed.", "A smiling man wearing a long sleeved shirt and tie.", "A man with a tie smiling while sitting down."]
["A man in a suit and tie wearing a wedding ring.", "A smiling man leaning his head against his hand wearing a suit.", "a person in a suit holding his hand on his head", "a smiling bearded man is wearing a suit and tie", "A man in a suit smiles and holds his head."]
["A business man in a suit at a restaurant.", "A man in a suit and tie getting his picture taken.", "A man with a tie in a fancy diner with other people.", "A man wearing glasses is wearing a suit and tie.", "A man in suit and tie smiles at the camera."]
["A store with some umbrellas next to a motor scooter.", "A scooter sitting outside a building near umbrellas.", "a yellow scooter parked in front of a store", "a motor scooter sits next to a tree ", "A view of a street corner with an umbrella on it."]
["A boat that is out on top of the grass.", "A small wooden sailboat sits in an alpine field", "There is a white boat set on top of some grass in the mountain. ", "A wooden fishing boat in the middle of a grass field with snow capped mountains in the background.", "This old wooden fishing boat appears to be permanently dry docked."]
["A man in a elevator taking a self portrait.", "A man in an elevator taking a picture of himself.", "a man takes a selfie in an elevator with his phone", "A man taking a selfie with his smart phone.", "A man is using his smart phone in an elevator."]
["a small boat in a large body of water ", "A boat that is traveling in a body of water.", "A small white boat in the open water.", "A boat carries many people in the middle of no where. ", "A group of people on a boat next to a whale."]
["A couple posing in front of a bush embraces, touches noses, and laughs. ", "Black and white photo of two men touching foreheads.", "Two men wearing formal clothes are smiling and touching foreheads together.", "Two men madly in love snuggling each other foreheads.", "A couple tenderly touch their foreheads together at their wedding"]
["Two men in suits and ties next to plant.", "a close up of two people wearing suits and ties", "Two men smiling to take a picture next to some grass.", "Two men in  suits taking a picture together", "A gay couple posing just after they married"]
["a man sitting in a restaurant eating a meal with others in the background ", "A man sitting a table in front of his dinner in a restaurant.", "A man in a tie sitting at a table.", "a man sitting at a restaurant table in front of plate of food ", "a person in a tie and suit sitting before a white plate of food and wine glass."]
["The people are on the beach enjoying the sun. ", "Some people on a sandy beach with an umbrella.", "an overhead view of people walking on a beach", "There is a white beach umbrella with the master card logo", "Two people walking on beach next to white umbrella."]
["People are watching men in colonial costume come down the river in a boat.", "A boat is docked as multiple people gather around.", "A group of people on a dock with boats in the foreground.", "A crowd lines the waterfront as a crew of reenactors  prepares a sailing ship for departure.", "A crowd watches costumed performers on an antique sailboat."]
["There are orange beach umbrellas lined up on a beach", "some chairs water sand and orange umbrellas and sunny day", "tourists at a beach cove under umbrellas by a cruise ship", "A row of umbrellas lined up at the beach.", "A number of red umbrellas and beach chairs near the ocean."]
["There are two elephants standing near the water.", "two elephants near one another near a body of water ", "Two elephants are splashing in the water outside.", "Two elephants in an enclosure are playing in the water.", "A mother and baby elephant are drinking at a watering hole."]
["A man standing on top of a  oat in a river.", "A man stands on top of a house boat", "an image of a man standing on top of a boat that's docked", "A man checks on empty, parked tour boats.", "A man in standing on a small boat."]
["A woman standing on a balcony in front of an elephant float.", "an elephant figure stature is behind a woman on a balcony", "A woman posing for a picture with a strange elephant behind her.", "A women who is leaning a gate in front of an elephant.", "A woman posing on a balcony adjacent to an elephant structure."]
["A man standing in front of a picture of a building in plaid shorts.", "A man in a dress shirt, green tie and green plaid shorts.", "A boy in green shorts and tie poses in front of a tower.", "A young man in a green tie and shorts with the image of a building behind him.", "a man wearing a white shirt green tie and green and white plaid shorts"]
["An old photo of an umbrella and chairs at the beach", "People have left their things by the chairs on the beach.", "A beach scene looking at chairs and umbrellas.", "People walking in the sand at the beach.", "a lawn chair and an umbrella on a beach"]
["A young man holding and looking at a large orange bone.", "A man at a party holds up a large plastic bone", "A young adult man appears to be holding a large leg bone.", "A man holding a giant bone in his left hand.", "a man holding a bone like sculpture and smiling "]
["A young man and woman sitting at a table.", "A man and woman are smiling at a restaurant table.", "A man and a women posing for a picture.", "A man and woman seated at a table in a restaurant. ", "A happy couple after dinner at a restaurant."]
["A large cat is sitting in the sink in the bathroom.", "A cat laying inside of a white bathroom sink.", "There is a cat that is sitting in the sink", "A striped cat lying in a bathroom sink", "A tabby cat laying down in a white sink near a toothbrush."]
["A city street pole with many umbrellas high up.", "Several oen umbrellas are hanging above an outdoor seating area", "a large array of different umbrellas hung up", "a bunch of umbrellas are up in the air", "very many umbrellas covering flowers in vases near a building"]
["Man in white suit, riding white horse in ceremonial procession.", "A horseback rider surrounded by people on foot and an Asian umbrella go down the street.", "a parade with a white horse and rider under a golden umbrella", "Guy riding horse in the street march is being covered with an umbrella", "A local celebrity rides through the town on a decked out horse as a person holds a golden umbrella above his head. "]
["The people are walking the the street and some are wearing ties. ", "Crowd of people walking in the same direction on a street.", "a group of people walking on the street during the day", "A group of people walking down a street half naked.", "A group of young boys and girls barely dressed walking on the road."]
["Zodiac on back of large boat in a lake.", "A riverboat is hauled by a much larger house boat", "A view of a boat sitting on the back of another boat.", "A large boat is carrying a smaller boat through the water.", "A boat carries a smaller motorboat that is hitched on the back."]
["Two boats pulled up to the docks where there are people walking.", "A couple of small white boats in a the water.", "People stand on boats that are docked at a harbor.", "A couple of boats floating on top of a river.", "A boat dock with boats and people involved in various activities"]
["A man wearing a tie while standing in a room.", "Man with a plaid shirt and a dress tie standing in a room. ", "A man wears a tie with Egyptian hieroglyphs on it.", "A man wearing a tie that show how to tie a tie.", "an image of a man wearing shirt  and tie"]
["A man wearing a polo and a tie posing.", "a man with a tshirt and tie staring into the camera", "A young man in a shirt and tie against a wall.", "A young man has a striped t shirt and a tie on.", "a man that has  a shirt and tie on"]
["A man riding on the back of a small boat.", "A male is navigating his boat through goose in pond.", "A colorful houseboat on a river by swans", "A small boat sails in a lake as swans swim by.", "Man on a houseboat floating in a small pond."]
["Two cats laying near a vase and two candles. ", "A black cat and a calico cat lay on a decorated window sill where the blind is shut.", "Two cats sit behind a vase as the sun shines through blinds.", "Two cats are lying on the window sell looking at each other ", "Two kitties bask in the warm sunlight filtering through the blinds."]
["A couple of men riding on the back of an elephant.", "Two people sitting on an elephants back near another man with a stick.", "Two men are standing next to two older men riding an elephant.", "A man leads a painted elephant carrying tourists down the street.", "A man is standing next to an elephant with people on it. "]
["A pair of umbrellas sitting on a beach near the ocean.", "A sandy beach with two white umbrellas on it.", "two beach umbrellas in the sand at the beach", "Two umbrellas are on a sandy ocean beach.", "The view from underneath two beach umbrellas looking out onto the beach and towards the water."]
["a male with a black tie and a boy in a red white and black shirt", "A man in a shirt and tie with his head next to a young boys head and both are smiling.", "Man and young boy posing for photo with brick wall in background.", "A man and a boy sitting next to each other.", "A father and son pose together side by side in front of a brick wall."]
["A half dressed man points toward his wristband.", "a man pointing to a pink wristband on his wrist", "a man in a tie is wearing a pink bracelet", "A man who is pointing to a pink wristband.", "A close up from below shows a hairy man, wearing a big green tie and pointing with one hand at his opposite hand to indicate a band that hand's wrist."]
["The elephant is looking in the direction of the camera.", "a picture of a close up elephant with others in the back.", "An elephant with its trunk tucked up eating some food.", "An elephant is standing with its trunk curled while sporting a short tusk.", "A large gray elephant standing next to other elephants."]
["An African elephant walks through a patch of swampy brush.", "A large elephant standing on a muddy grass covered path.", "A tusked elephant is walking among the greenery.", "An elephant walking through a clearing in a jungle.", "A elephant standing in the clearing of a wooded area."]
["Two elephants standing on a grassy field next to a tree.", "A mother elephant and her calf touching trunks in the tall grass", "An adult elephant and its child in the grasslands.", "An adult and a child elephant face each other on a grassy plain.", "A pair of elephants are shown in a field."]
["A herd of elephants grazing on tall grasses ", "A big elephant standing beside a small elephant in tall grass field with other animals obscured in back.", "Some animals are walking in the tall grasses on a sunny day. ", "The mother elephant is walking with her baby. ", "An elephant and a baby elephant are in a field with long grass."]
["A woman sitting in a chair at the beach. ", "A beautiful woman in a black bikini sitting in a lawn chair on the beach.", "A woman with sunglasses is sitting in a chair near an umbrella.", "A woman with a colored towel in a beach chair", "A woman looking onward as a man holds a beer on a beach."]
["Two piles of trunks sitting next to each other.", "Variety of stacked trunks on display in outside area with sign.", "Boxes and trunks stacked on top of each other", "Multiple trunks stacked on top of each other outside. ", "Several luggage containers are tacked on each other. "]
["A purple umbrella lying on the green water.", "an open purple umbrella laying in the water ", "A purple umbrella floating upside down in a body of water.", "A purple umbrella floating upside-down on top of water.", "A purple umbrella floating in blue and green water."]
["The person rides in a yellow motorboat with a dog. ", "a woman riding a little boat in the lake ", "A woman  in a yellow power boat by a pier.", "A yellow motorboat with a dog in the front moves past a building on shore.", "A person riding on top of a yellow boat."]
["Many small boats docked in the water together.", "A bunch of boats that are sitting in the water.", "A large body of water next to a shore filled with clutter.", "people with lots of boxes on the pier", "Several boats in a river and trucks near the river. "]
["A group of people at a party sitting next to a red umbrella.", "The woman is holding an umbrella at a festival.", "someone wearing a full body headdress is dancing around in front of a crowd.", "People sitting by a red umbrella take in an outdoor show.", "People sit under a red umbrella to watch pow wow dancers."]
["A group of boats sitting on top of a beach.", "Sail boats at the marina sitting in dry dock.", "There are many small boats that are all next to each other", "Sailboats sit on storage stands on a rocky beach. ", "multiple sail boats sit on rocks on dry land "]
["A herd of elephants standing around in the middle of a pen.", "The elephant family is walking near the rocks.", "Two full grown elephants and one baby elephant outside.", "a bunch of elephants that are in a line", "Two elephants and a baby are walking by the rock"]
["a black and white dog with a collar looking out a large window", "A dog sitting on top of a bed under a window.", "A small dog sitting on a cushion by a window.", "A dog that is looking out of a window.", "a close up ofa dog looking out of a window"]
["Wet black and grey dog retrieving an orange ball.", "A wet dog with a ball in its mouth running an obstacle course.", "A dog shakes water of his body with a ball in his mouth while a crowd looks on. ", "a close up of a dog running with a ball in its mouth", "A dog races through water with a ball in his mouth."]
["A little boy smiles at the camera while pulling a backpack.", "A toddler drags his toy, cranes his head, and smiles. ", "A young blonde haired boy posing for a picture.", "A little boy with a smile on his face", "A toddler looking up and smiling while pulling a pink bag."]
["People and their loads of luggage in line at an airport", "there are many people with lots of luggage at the airport", "A large pile of luggage sitting in a line at an Airport check in.", "People waiting in ticket lines with carts full of suitcases.", "A pile of luggage sitting on a court in an airport."]
["A person lays down on a blanket with a dog by her side. ", "A woman laying down on a sidewalk next to a small brown dog.", "a lady with her dog sunbathing in the shade", "A woman lying on a blanket on the pavement with a little dog looking at the camera ", "A woman naps on the ground while a dog watches."]
["A woman bending down to pet a baby elephant.", "a woman in white shorts and some elephants", "A woman in patterned shirt playing with an elephant.", "A woman bending down and reaching out to an elephant.", "A woman is appearing to grab an elephant's snout."]
["A beautiful woman in short shorts standing next to a river filled with elephants.", "A woman is in the mud by an elephant watering hole.", "a person standing on a wet sand beach next to three elephants wading in the water.", "an image of a woman in the muddy water with elephants behind her", "This woman stands on the bank of a river as several elephants sneak up on her intent for the kill."]
["a person next to a small elephant ", "Several elephants in the water with one up close standing next to a trainer ", "a man is standing by a river with an elephant", "A person puts a stick in front of an elephants face", "A man walking with a stick under an elephants trunk. "]
["A close-up of a woman's high heels and legs and the suitcase.", "A pair of legs wearing zebra-print heels next to a piece of luggage.", "A woman in high heels is by a blue suitcase.", "A woman in high heels carries a suitcase.", "A woman with very sexy legs wearing zebra print high heels."]
["A little boy that is sitting in the grass with a suitcase.", "A boy sits on the grass next to luggage.  ", "a small boy sitting on the grass with a suitcase", "A boy is sitting with a suitcase in the grass.", "a young boy sits in the grass outside"]
["A pile of luggage sitting on the side or a road.", "a number of luggage bags piled on top of each other ", "There is a huge pile of luggage on the street sidewalk.", "A display of all shapes and sizes of luggage witha yellow alien blown up in the background.", "A parking area with a large amount of suitcases on the ground."]
["A cart stacked with several pieces of packaged items at a pickup location of a store.", "A couple of people and some suitcases in a room.", "People are waiting next to a luggage cart filled with boxes.", "a couple of people waiting in front of a pull cart ", "Boxes, a rug, containers, and luggage sitting on cart."]
["a brown bear is digging in the ground for something", "A brown bear stands digging in the dirt.", "A brown bear walking a cross a dirt and grass field.", "A large brown bear digging through the dirt.", "A brown bear digging a hole in the dirt. "]
["The dog is pulling a woman on a skateboard.", "A girl on a skateboard walking her dog in the street. ", "a person riding a skate board and waling a dog", "A woman on a skateboard walks her dog on a leash.", "A woman being towed by a dog while riding a skateboard."]
["A dog swimming in the ocean by itself.", "A dog swimming in a large body of water.", "a black and white photo of something partly submerged in a body of water", "Dog in the process of swimming through a large body of water. ", "An brown animal swimming in the ocean with only its head showing"]
["a piece of luggage has a tag on it.", "A rolling suitcase sits with a windows tag.", "Grey and black roll on luggage with a luggage tag.", "A brown suitcase with a Windows tag. ", "There is a piece if luggage that has a rag in it"]
["Empty chairs are covered by umbrellas on a beach.", "A group of lawn chairs sitting on a beach.", "Two beach umbrellas open near beach chairs. ", "Several beach chairs and two umbrellas stand on the beach.", "Two giant umbrellas next to each other on the beach. "]
["A young boy pushing a cart full of luggage bags.", "A boy pushing a cart full of luggage near a building.", "A young boy pushing a car filled with luggage.", "Boy pushing an overloaded luggage cart on a sidewalk.", "A boy pushing a pile of luggage on a cart."]
["A man walking through a lobby pushing a luggage cart.", "The man is pushing his cart threw the hotel lobby.", "A person near many different types of suitcases.", "There is a man pushing a cart and many luggages around", "A lobby with several pieces of luggage. "]
["this is a dog resting on a computer", "A dog in a red wrap rests his head next to a computer keyboard.", "A white shaggy dog laying it's head on top of a computer keyboard.", "A small white dog in a red sweater rests his chin on a computer keyboard.", "a dog wearing a sweater laying its head on a keyboard"]
["A man pushing a cart with lots of luggage on top of it.", "A small boy holding up cart full of luggage.", "Two men push a car loaded with suitcases. ", "A man transporting a large amount of luggage bags.", "A man walking on the sidewalk with a cart that is piled with a stack of luggage."]
["Someone who has one foot on a skateboard.", "A person holding up a skateboard by its edge at the top of a ramp.", "A foot holds a skateboard in place at the top of a ramp.", "a close up of a foot holding the end of a skateboard", "Someone is stepping on a skateboard to tilt it up on top of a ramp."]
["a young man is doing tricks on a skateboard", "A boy in the air, performing a skateboard trick. ", "A boy doing tricks on a skateboard as he goes down a ramp. ", "A person is performing a trick on a skateboard.", "Skateboarder and board in mid air, during a stunt."]
["A man riding a skateboard down a ramp.", "Boy sitting on a skate board going down a ramp.", "A guy is sitting on a rolling skate board.", "A young man is going down a ramp on a skateboard.", "A person riding a skateboard down a slope."]
["a couple of black dogs laying down in a white chair", "Two dogs resting comfortably on a blanket on a couch.", "two black and white dogs sitting on a chair", "two black and white cocker spaniels sitting on a chair with a blue blanket", "Two dogs are resting on a chair that has a blanket on it."]
["An overhead view of dogs sleeping on the couch looking out the window.", "A dog looking out the corner window of a house.", "An angled couch sitting up against windows in the corner of a living room.", "The dogs are laying on the couch in the house. ", "This is a dog taking a nap on an L shaped couch."]
["The dog lays on the old dirty blanket ", "A dog laying on a blanket on the top of a couch. ", "SLEEPING BLACK DOG, ON THE BACK OF A COUCH", "A black dog laying on a cheetah print dog bed.", "A dog is lying on a blanket on top of a couch."]
["A black bear walking through a path in the woods.", "A large black bear walks along a rock covered trail.", "A black bear that is walking on a rock pathway.", "A large black bear walking down a dirty road.", "A bear walks alone on a dirt road in the bush."]
["A bear standing in grass next to rocks, behind a wire fence.", "A black bear grazing on grass next to a rock.", "Bear standing in a field of grass next to some rocks.", "A black bear is walking through the wild near a rock.", "A bear that is standing next to some rocks."]
["A brow bear walking next to a large rock in a field.", "A brown bear walking through tall grass toward a rock.", "A fence surrounds a bear in a wooded area.", "A bear in the wild looking through a wire fence.", "A bear that is walking by some rocks."]
["A bear standing at the border between the shade and the sunshine.", "a bear walking through the forest possible looking for berries", "Tagged brown bear walking near vegetation on pathway.", "A brown bear cub walking on ground next to a tree.", "A bear stands next to a bush, observing the surroundings. "]
["a dog sitting and looking in a mirror", "A dog sitting in front of a golden framed mirror.", "A dog looks at its reflection in a small mirror.", "A dog laying on something while looking at himself in a mirror. ", "A dog that is looking at his reflection in a mirror."]
["A man throwing a Frisbee while the dog watches.", "A man is playing with a red frisbee with a dog along side.", "A boy about to throw a frisbee for his dog", "A man getting ready to throw a frisbee.", "A man is throwing a frisbee for a dog."]
["a dog with its head out of the window", "A person sitting next to a dog with it's head out of a window.", "A dog looking out a car window that is rolled down.", "A dog is sticking his head out of the car window ", "a dog looking out the window of a car"]
["A long haired dog with their face out the window of a car.", "A dog sticking it's head out of the passenger window.", "a dog with its head out the window to get some air ", "A dog with his head out the window of the car.", "A dog that has its head out of  car window."]
["Zebras crossing a bitumen road in the savannah", "Two zebras crossing a road going through the plains.", "A zebra is standing in the middle of a road way.", "A zebra standing on a street surrounded by dry grass.", "THERE ARE ZEBRA WALKING THE STREET IN THE WOODS"]
["Two zebra waling across a dry grass field.", "Two zebras are walking on a sparse field.", "Two zebras walking across a dried brushy field", "A couple of zebras meander about through a dry field on top of a small hill.", "Two zebra that are walking in a field."]
["A small herd of zebras enjoy a drink of water from the river. ", "Herd of zebras drinking water at the river.  ", "A herd of zebra drink together from the river water.", "Some beautiful zebras are in the water and drinking on the sunny day.", "A group of zebras drinking in the water together"]
["A couple of zebra standing next to each other near a tree.", "A photo of two zebras grazing next to trees.", "Two zebra are standing beside a bush and a wooden pole.", "Two zebras that are standing next tot each other and bent down eating.", "Two zebras stand side by side and sniff the ground with their noses."]
["The dog is wearing socks, shoes, and a cap. ", "A dog standing wearing socks with sandals on its back feet.", "a close up of a dog wearing a hat and socks ", "A dog wears socks and sandals on its rear paws.", "A dog wearing a pair of socks and a pair of shoes"]
["Two adult zebras and a baby are in an enclosure.", "A baby zebra walks near the mother and father in a zoo.", "Some zebra in a small fenced in area.", "There are several zebras walking around in the ground", "A very young zebra near some larger ones."]
["Man holding this frisbee in the park about throwing it", "A man holding a frisbee on a field playing a game.", "A man is holding a toy in a park.", "The person is holding a round blue frisbee", "A man who is holding a blue Frisbee."]
["A young man catching a blue frisbee in a park.", "Several college students play a game of a ultimate frisbee", "Two men stand with their hands up near a frisbee.", "Two young men are reaching to catch a Frisbee at the same time.", "Two men are both trying to catch a frisbee."]
["a bunch of zebras stand in some tall grass ", "Three zebras are standing in a filed under the clouds.", "Four zebras stand in a meadow in the black and white photo. ", "this is a zebra standing in a grassy field", "Four zebras standing in the grass on a cloudy day."]
["a dog sits in front of a body of water ", "A dog wearing a collar standing next to the water.", "A dog that is sitting near the water.", "A dog is staring out over a body of water.", "A dog sitting on a beach looks off into the distance."]
["A dog catches a firsbee in the middle of the air. ", "A dog jumping into the air catching a white frisbee.", "A dog catches the frisbee while playing outside.", "Photograph of an outdoor arena that looks neat.\n", "A dog jumps high in the air to catch a frisbee."]
["A black and white dog is catching an orange frisbee.", "A dog in the air with a Frisbee in its mouth.", "a black and white dog running with a frisbee in its mouth ", "a dog leaps through the air as it catches a frisbe ", "A Border Collie dog jumps and catches a Frisbee in a park."]
["a man in a large park crouching prepared to throw a frisbee", "A man playing with a Frisbee out on the grassy field.", "a male in a blue shirt is throwing a frisbee", "A man holding a white frisbee on a lush green park.", "A man in a park throwing a white frisbee."]
["A young man is alone in the grass trying to catch a Frisbee. ", "A young man catching a white frisbee in a  forest.", "a person ina field playing with a frisbee with trees nearby", "A man that is standing in the grass with a frisbee.", "a person on a field catching a frisbee"]
["A couple of people in a room with a Frisbee.", "Two men sitting in a large floral chair.", "Two guys are in a chair posing for the camera. ", "These two men are resting on a bed together", "a couple of people that are laying on a couch"]
["A nerd holding a white and black frisbee.", "A young man poses with a frisbee in front of a fence in a grassy area.", "A young man is holding a CC Frisbee for the camera. ", "A person with glasses holds a Frisbee standing in the grass.", "A little boy holding a white frisbee in his hand"]
["A young woman holding a white frisbee in her hands.", "a young boy holding a frisby in his thumbs", "A woman near a lake holding a frisbee with her thumbs. ", "A woman is holding a frisbee by a body of water.", "A person standing in a grassy area next to a river holding a frisbee."]
["A woman holding an orange frisbee standing on a lush green field.", "One team mate prepares to throw a frisbee while the other waits to catch one.", "Two women in maroon shirts standing in a park holding a frisbee. ", "Two teens in a park playing a game.", "Two people in Swarthmore College sweatshirts are playing frisbee."]
["this man is stepping on one frisbee and catching another", "A man playing with a Frisbee in a park.", "Young man wearing shorts throws a frisbee among trees.", "A man throwing a Frisbee in a grass area.", "A man standing near trees playing with a frisbee."]
["A man tosses a red frisbee at an unknown object.", "A man playing frisbee in a park. ", "A man is playing frisbee, trying to score a point.", "a man wearing a red hat playing a game of frisbee ", "A man with his friend throwing a Frisbee. "]
["A single zebra that is bent over eating grass.", "A zebra is grazing on the grass in front of a fence", "Zebra eating grass in a field caged in silver fence.", "a zebra is grazing on some grass ", "A very pretty zebra grazing in the grass."]
["A group of zebras that are in the grass.", "A young zebra nursing from an adult zebra in a grassy area.", "A mother zebra stands and lets her young get some milk.", "Some very pretty zebras in a grassy field.", "Baby zebra nursing from its mother as they stand in an area with tall dead grass."]
["Zebra and giraffe roaming through a forest of trees.", "A zebra and a giraffe are stinging in long dry grass.", "A zebra is in the tall grass behind a giraffe", "The zebra and giraffe gaze into the open meadow.", "A zebra and a giraffe walk in a field. "]
["A horse that is standing with a cart near birds.", "A horse and buggy sit outside near a statue, light posts, and buildings.", "A horse and carriage in the middle of the city.", "a horse drawn carriage for sight seers  ", "A very big pretty horse pulling a fancy carriage."]
["a close up of two zebras in a field with trees ", "A zebra puts its neck and head on another zebra", "two zebras standing by each other with their heads touch together ", "Pair of zebra standing in open area of grass and trees.", "A zebra putting it's head on another zebra in their natural habitat. "]
["A horse eating a banana out of an older woman's hand.", "An old woman feeding a horse a banana.", "A woman is feeding a banana to a horse", "A woman is feeding a banana to a horse.", "A woman feeds a banana to a horse."]
["THERE IS A GOAT STANDING IN THE YARD ", "Brown horse standing beside a building under a palm tree. ", "A brown horse standing outside of a house.", "A horse grazes in a small enclosure by a house.", "a horse that is standing outside of a buliding"]
["People are riding horses and a woman is on a cellphone. ", "A man rides a horse near a woman talking on her cell phone. ", "A man on a horse and a woman on her cell phone at an outdoor function ", "Two people on hose back riding through a fair while a woman in the foreground talks on a cellphone.", "A man in a cowboy hat riding a horse in the street."]
["Two people ride on horses past a shallow stream.", "Two people that are on a horse by a lake.", "Two people ride horses on a trail by a river.", "WOMAN AND POLICEMAN BOTH RIDING A HORSE ALONG THE RIVER BANK", "Two mounted riders guide their horses along a trail near a mountain lake."]
["Several horses hold their heads down toward water in a pond.", "Horses drink and graze the field and water", "Three horses are drinking from the water of a stream.", "horses standing around drinking water from the river ", "Four horses in a lake in an open area."]
["A zebra laying on the ground on a pile of sand.", "A zebra laying down in the sand near some grass.", "A zebra lying in the sand in the sun ", "A very cute zebra laying in a big grassy field.", "There is a zebra laying down in some sand "]
["An animal standing on the side of a grass covered field.", "A horse standing in the middle of a hill. ", "A horse is standing at the top of a hill in a wooded area. ", "a white horse at the top of a hill", "an animal is standing in a green field"]
["A couple of people riding on the backs of horses.", "Group of adults riding horses on open range land.", "A group of people riding horse back through a field. ", "A group of people go horseback riding on a large plain.", "People are riding horses through the grassy plain."]
["The line of people are riding horses through the plains. ", "a line of peopke riding horses along a dirt trail", "a number of horses walking in a line in a field", "The back view of a couple of riders on horses.", "A group of people riding horses in a line along a trail."]
["Policemen on horses are lined up watching a man with a rainbow flag.", "Policemen protecting the marchers of a gay rights parade. ", "There are police officers on horses and a man holding a flag.", "Policemen on horses sitting in a line at the curb of a street ", "A man who is holding a rainbow colored flag."]
["A horse's rider jumps the horse over a log.", "A person riding on a horse jumping over a ring of towers.", "a woman riding a horse over some tires", "A woman jumps a horse over an obstacle made of tires.", "A rider taking a horse over a jump made of car tire halves."]
["A brown horse standing in a field next to a fence and a house.", "A horse standing in the grass near a fence.", "A small brown horse standing in a field full of grass.", "A large brown horse is standing while swishing his tail.\n", "A single horse standing in a field on a farm."]
["Group of horsed tied to line while standing in grassy area.", "Row of horses tethered in a shady area.", "A line of horses with bridles are tied to a long rope.", "Horses tied up to a rope in a line outdoors ", "A row of horses tied up on a rope rail."]
["A group of horses tied up to post under a big green tree.", "Saddled horses tethered to railing posts at a ranch", "Six horses that have been tied up and one dog sitting on the ground.", "Horses with saddles and bridles are lined up ready to ride.", "A large group of horses tied to some posts."]
["this lady is standing next to her brown horse", "A woman that is wearing a hat near a horse.", "A woman holding on to the side of a brown horse.", "Person outside with their arms around a horses neck and other horses around them.", "A woman in a cowboy hat hangs her arm over a horse's neck."]
["A dish of pancakes covered in bananas and strawberries.", "strawberries bananas and blueberry pancakes and a teddy bear", "A Teddy bear is eyeing a stack of fruit and pancakes.", "A pile of pancakes covered in fruit sit in front of a teddy bear.", "A stack of pancakes with lots of fruit on it."]
["a couple of bananas and some other fruit", "a number of fruits piled up on top of one another ", "Fruit, including oranges, apples and lemons, sits underneath hanging bananas.", "A fruit stand is shown with hanging bananas.", "There is a display of different kinds of fruit"]
["some oranges and a banana and some vegetables", "A metal basket filled with fruit and vegetables. ", "There is a bag of oranges among some other fruit", "A basket of fruit containing oranges and bananas. ", "A fruit filled silver basket consisting of bananas and oranges."]
["A set of blue bleachers sitting in the middle of a dirt field.", "A stage with seating set up in the woods.", "A sandy beach by a stream with some structures on the other side.", "An old stadium is near a muddy path.", "The marina of a dried up lake by the woods "]
["Antique black and white photograph of people skiing", "A man skis downhill on a snowy slope in the woods.", "A man riding skis through a snow covered forest.", "skiier going down the hill alongside a rocky mountain", "a person on skis goes down a snowy hill "]
["A banana, peanut butter and turkey sandwich sitting in a container.", "A sliced banana and peanut butter sandwich in a Tupperware.", "A few pieces of bread with peanut butter and banana slices between them", "A sandwich sitting in a plastic bin next to some sliced bananas.", "A banana and honey sandwich in a clear container."]
["The skier wearing goggles is riding through the snow with ski poles. ", "A skier is skiing down hill in the snow. ", "A man skiing down a mountain, on a trail.", "Man skiing down a snowy hill with ski poles and goggles", "Man is snow gear and skis skiing in the snow."]
["An individual is in the open view in the picture. \n", "A woman riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "Girl with skis playing in the snow and other people in the background.", "A little girl on a pair of skis in the snow", "A girl is learning how to ski downhill. "]
["Girl in black jacket holding up skis in front of a lodge.", "A woman is raising her arms in the air as a celebration. ", "a person holding two snow skis in their hands while wearing goggles.", "Jubilant skier holding up skies in winter resort area.", "A girl holding two skis, one on each hand."]
["A basket of red fruit, a basket of ginger, a basket of bananas, and a basket of seed pods.", "Bananas, strawberries and other foodstuffs on display at a stall", "Baskets on the ground filled with bananas, ginger and other fresh produce", "Various trays and grates of fruits and seasonings.", "There are baskets of bananas, tangerines, and ginger roots. "]
["A man riding skis down a snow covered mountain.", "a man with two poles skying on snow", "A skier standing in the snow looking at the view ", "The person is skiing down the hill and it is foggy outside.", "The skier is at the top of the slope."]
["A farmers marked filled with rip and unripe bananas.", "Large group of yellow and green bananas on display in a market. ", "a market filled with ripe bananas and people", "An outdoor produce market with bananas for sale on tables, with a man looking at the bananas.", "some tables and some outdoor shops with lots of bananas"]
["A man riding a snowboard down the side of a mountain.", "The helmeted snowboarder is gliding down a slope.", "A person is snowboarding down the mountain side . ", "A snowboarder surfs along the side of the snowy slope.", "A person on a snowboard in the snow."]
["A man standing on top of a field wearing a baseball uniform.", "A pitcher standing on a baseball field with his hand on his hip. ", "Lone outfielder in grassy field during baseball game.", "A baseball player who is standing in the outfield. ", "The baseball player is standing in the outfield. "]
["A baseball player pictured running on the field", "A person running on a large baseball field.", "A man with a baseball glove running through a field.", "A man with a mitt runs on a filed.", "A baseball player in uniform running on the field. "]
["A squirrel eating a piece of fruit in grassy area.", "The squirrel is eating a piece of fruit.", "a squirrel eating an orange on the grass.", "A little squirrel is eating from something orange.", "A squirrel is eating a piece of food on the ground."]
["a batter that has just hit the ball", "A baseball player is trying to hit the ball. ", "a baseball player swings his bat at a ball", "a baseball player is holding a bat on a field", "A man that is standing with a baseball bat."]
["A crowd watching baseball players at a game.", "Two baseball players in motion at home plate during a game. ", "A baseball playing sliding into a base on a stadium field.", "Professional baseball player sliding in to the base", "The ball player is sliding in to home plate."]
["A baseball player pitching a ball on a field.", "a baseball player is tossing the ball. ", "A pitcher caught just after throwing a baseball.", "A baseball pitcher mid-throw at the pitchers mound.", "This is a picture of a pitcher after just releasing the ball."]
["A group of palm trees with lots of bananas hanging from them.", "A stalk of bananas is hanging off a tree.", "A stalk of bananas hanging from a tree.", "A huge bunch of bananas attached to the banana tree.", "some green bananas and a flower bud hanging from a tree"]
["A plate holding a sandwich with peanut butter and bananas.", "wheat bread with chocolate and sliced bananas ", "A picture of a peanut butter sandwich with sliced bananas.", "Elvis's favorite sandwich, sliced banana and peanut butter.", "two pieces of bread with peanut butter and bananas"]
["A person dressed in an all white snow outfit on skis and holding ski poles, while standing on a snow covered ground.", "a man walking across a snow covered field.", "The skier with a backpack is standing in the snow. ", "It is hard to tell where the snow field and the sky meet.", "a man holding a pole and skiing on the snow"]
["A plate topped with broccoli and a red onion.", "A pair of vegetables sit on top of a plate.", "A piece of broccoli and a onion on a plate.", "A closeup view of broccoli on a plate.", "A large stalk of broccoli is near a purple onion."]
["Individuals are having a decent time in this photograph. \n", "Three baseball players are ready to intercept any runners.", "The pitcher, first baseman and shortstop are reacting to what the batter did.", "A baseball player winding up for a pitch during a game.", "A man throwing a baseball from a mound on a field."]
["A pile of small cakes and donuts sitting on plates.", "On the top plate there is donuts and on the bottom plate there is sliced up wraps.", "A display with plates holding several donuts and cakes.", "There are many types of food on the plates.", "A cake setup with an assortment of cakes on it."]
["A plate filled with different food on a table.", "A breakfast plate with a variety of different foods", "French toast, bacon  and potatoes on a plate.", "a plate with some french toast and roasted potatoes on it ", "A plate of french toast and breakfast potatoes."]
["NASA men making first, ceremonial pitch at a baseball game.", "A NASA astronaut throwing out the first ball at a baseball game", "A group of men on a field playing baseball.", "A bunch of guys on a baseball field about to throw the ball.", "A man standing in front of a group of men getting ready to throw a bass to another man."]
["A man riding skis on top of snow covered ground.", "The men are racing on skis on the snow covered race course. ", "A man wearing skis standing in a victory pose.", "A row of skiers on a snow covered course near a crowd of spectators.", "a cross country skier finishes a race while other skiers are coming up behind him"]
["The food is prepared and ready to be eaten", "a piece of food with some vegetables in it", "A piece of bread that has vegetables inside of it.", "A close up of veggies in a loaf of bread. ", "A sandwich roll filled with vegetables including broccoli."]
["a person with ski poles and skis in the snow", "A person riding some skis through a snowy mountain trail.", "The person in skis is walking near many trees.", "A man on skis is standing by some trees.", "A man in black jacket cross country skiing through trees."]
["A baseball player standing on a baseball field.", "A pitcher throws a pitch during a baseball game.", "A baseball pitcher throwing the ball at a game.", "Pitcher in post throwing stance with arm extended", "Fans watching a pitch during a professional baseball game"]
["A white plate topped with pasta and vegetables surrounded by garlic bread.", "A plate of carrots, broccoli, pasta and bread. ", "A plate features a pasta dish, carrots and bread.", "The meal on the plate is ready to be eaten", "The plate has on it some kind of casserole, carrots and broccoli and bread."]
["A pan on the stove with vegetables, tofu noodles and water in it", "Fresh vegetables cooking on a stove top in a round pan.", "A pan of assorted vegetables are being prepared for a meal.", "A mixture of vegetables cooking on a stove top.", "A sauce plan holding a stew of vegetables on a stovetop."]
["A woman in sunglasses and hat standing by plant.", "The woman is posing for a photograph next to the banana tree. ", "A happy woman wearing sunglasses and a wide brimmed white hat.", "a smiling woman standing next to some tall plants ", "A woman wearing a white hat and sunglasses points to a banana tree."]
["The unnatural looking stance of a professional baseball pitcher", "The pitcher in orange and white uniform throws the ball from the mound.", "Baseball game in progress with the picture about to throw a ball.", "A baseball player pitching a baseball on a pitches mound.", "A Texas baseball player is throwing the ball."]
["The farmers are attempting to sell their products at market.", "a close up of different containers of flowers", "an outdoor food shop with strawberries string beans flowers and other food\nitems", "People checking the bananas and other fruits and veggies at the outside market table", "The shop has many flowers and baskets of fruit."]
["Spectators are watching a baseball game in the stands. ", "some baseball players are playing baseball and some fans", "baseball players playing a game of baseball on a open field ", "A baseball player holding a bat while playing a game.", "Batter at  baseball game waiting to hit the ball. "]
["there is a baseball game on and many people watching it", "A group of men on a field playing baseball.", "A group of men during a baseball game with people watching.", "The color of orange is predominate in a stadium as baseball players with orange and white uniforms are on the baseball field.", "a man with a hat holding a baseball bat"]
["a bunch of people playing baseball as people watch ", "Several baseball players standing on a field with a crowd watching.", "A baseball game is going on in a full stadium ", "Batter preparing to swing at ball at major game in stadium.", "There is a full house at the stadium to watch this game."]
["A large crowd watching a professional baseball game", "Baseball player up to bat with teammate on deck", "A view of a baseball game as a batter is at the plate.", "The baseball stadium looks like it has a sold out crowd.", "A baseball game with a batter at home plate and a full stadium of fans watching the game."]
["A hitter swings at the baseball and misses.", "The baseball player is Ying baseball on the field", "A baseball player prepares to swing as a pitch is thrown.", "A major league baseball game in progress on a sunny day.", "There is an individual doing something in the picture.\n"]
["A man selling bananas and other fruits in a street market to passerbys.", "a dude selling hella bananas looking timidly off camera", "A man selling fruits and vegetables to pedestrians", "Fruit seller at stand showing hanging bananas and balance scale.", "The man stands around a market of vegetables."]
["A person standing on the curb by a skate board.", "A person putting their foot up to a skateboard.", "A person wearing jeans and a pair of sneakers stands near a skateboard", "A person's legs and feet near a skateboard on a sidewalk.", "A person standing next to a skateboard on a corner."]
["A closeup of a broccoli floret in bloom", "A small broccoli plant grows in a garden.", "A leafy green vegetable with sprouts in the middle.", "A broccoli sprout with leaves around it on the ground.", "A large piece of broccoli sitting inside of a leafy plant."]
["a close up of a head of broccoli in a garden", "a hand holding a huge stalk of broccoli", "A beautiful, large, head of Broccoli in a garden.", "A large head of broccoli sits near leaves and a hand.", "A big bunch of broccoli next to a persons hand."]
["A man wearing skis and holding a handle leans toward a sandy plain.", "A skiier is leaning over to the side, holding into a set of tensioned cables", "a person skiing while holding onto some wires ", "A snow skier is falling down is holding onto a suspension cable. ", "a person riding skis holding on to a parachute"]
["Up close picture of broccoli with plants behind it", "A head of broccoli grows in a garden.", "A close up of some freshly grown broccoli", "Broccoli is growing in the bright shuny sunlight.", "a large head of broccoli in a green garden"]
["A man crosses his water skis while parasailing.", "A man engages in an adventure sport above a body of water. ", "A man is hanging in the air above the water.", "a person is being air lifted over some water", "A person on water skis dangling in the air"]
["A young boy holding a purple skateboard on a wooden floor", "A  young boy holding a skateboard in  a store", "A young boy holds a skateboard in a shop.", "A young boy holds a purple, black, and white skateboard.", "A young boy is posing with a purple and white skateboard"]
["A white rectangle plate holds vegetables near small bowl of red sauce.", "A plate of green vegetables with sauce on the side", "A plate of vegetables is set next to some sauce.", "A plate of cooked broccoli on a long white platter, next to a dipping sauce.", "A plate of green vegetables and dish of sauce."]
["a close up of a plate with broccoli", "a red plate that has a piece of chicken with some veggies on it ", "a plate with some chicken and vegetables on it ", "Grilled chicken breast served with broccoli on a red plate.", "A piece of chicken sitting on a plate with some vegetables"]
["there is a paper plate with broccoli and other things in it", "A plate filled with cooked vegetables and meat.", "Close up of roasted broccoli florets with bacon pieces.", "A plate of food that has various vegetables in it.", "A plate of burnt broccoli and other assorted vegetables."]
["Two skewers of vegetables and broccoli  on a plate", "A white plate topped with vegetables on sticks.", "Two shishkabobs sit next to a side of brocolli.", "A plate of food that includes broccoli and vegetable kabobs.", "a close up of a plate of food with broccoli"]
["A person riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "two snow skiers coming down the mountain in a fog", "A person with their hands up while riding on some skis.", "Two people happily skiing down the windy slope.", "A couple skiers on a path with blowing snow."]
["A man on snowshoes looking down a pathway.", "A man in snow shoes, on top of a snowy hill.", "A man wearing snowshoes/ skis  overlooking a snow covered slope.", "a skiier wearing a jacket standing on top a snowy hill", "A person on skis with an orange jacket stands at the top of a slope."]
["A man riding a skateboard down a wet street.", "Young skateboarder balancing on a board on water-slicked concrete.", "A boy skate boarding on the wet skate boarding park", "A small boy wearing a black shirt skateboarding across some wet pavement.", "A  young boy riding a skateboard in the rain"]
["A boy wearing a helmet skateboards through water.", "a boy rides his skateboard along a rain-covered area with water splashing everywhere around him", "A boy on a skateboard riding through some shallow water.", "A woman riding a skateboard in a puddle of water.", "A young man riding a skateboard through a  puddle of water."]
["People engaging in activities in an open area. ", "Group of children playing on their skateboards in an open area, ", "Several children play in a empty lot in a heavy fog.", "Kids riding skateboards and bikes in an industrial type area.", "A FOGGY MORNING WITH PEOPLE RIDING BICYCLES IN THE YARD."]
["people gathered around standing and sitting on a yellow and blue looking box", "Children playing on a asphalt parking lot on a foggy dreary day.", "A group of people on skateboards in a city.", "A group of people hanging around a skate park.", "A group of people on street next to buildings."]
["Mixed assortment of vegetables on a wooden plate with several different types of vedgies. ", "A table indoors with a variety of vegetables on it.", "An assortment of various vegetables are arranged on a circular cutting board.", "a lot of veggies sitting on a little table ", "A round wooden table features green lettuces and radishes."]
["A man doing a kick in the park.", "A skate boarder kicks his board on the sidewalk. ", "a young man jumping/falling off of a skatboard", "A man is by the water in a strange position.", "A young man falling off a skateboard on a sidewalk near a pond."]
[" a man with a hat skiing on the snow towards a building", "A skier going down a hill, passing a yellow flag.", "A person wearing in snow gear using skis.", "A skier leaning inside of a gate on a snowy slope.", "A person skiing down a ski slope near a building."]
["A boy is riding his skateboard by some art.", "A person on a skateboard on a city street.", "A large ugly object sitting in a park rolling towards a man.", "Guy doing a skateboard trick next to a huge statue", "That huge object could kill him if he is not careful."]
["A cross country skier passes an individual on a trail", "Two people with skis on top of a snowy hill. ", "Two cross country skiers on a snowy path.", "Two skiers are passing each other on the slope", "Two people are walking with ski poles in the snow."]
["A rabbit is eating a carrot next to a stuffed animal.", "A bunny eating a carrot being help by a teddy bear.", "A rabbit nibbling on a carrot being held by a stuffed animal.", "A bunny eats a carrot held by a stuffed dog.", "A rabbit eating a carrot from a stuffed animal puppy's arms."]
["A beautiful woman and a man standing in front of a pile of berries.", "People look at fresh berries at a market.", "a group of people shopping for fresh fruit and vegetables at a market", "Fruits and Vegetables are being sold from a makeshift stand.", "THERE ARE PEOPLE SHOPPING AT THE STAND ON THE STREET"]
["a small mug of coffee and a pair of glasses", "I am unable to see the image above.", "A coffee cup that is sitting on a table with a spoon in it.", "Folded glasses sit next to a filled black-and-white patterned mug with a buried utensil.", "A black cup with a spoon sticking out next to a folded pair of glasses."]
["Two types of vegetables sitting on a cutting board on a counter.", "Carrots and scallions rest on a cutting board", "Green onions and carrots on a cutting board on a counter top.", "A counter top with two carrots and three green onions.", "There are carrots and leeks on a cutting board."]
["A young man riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A person cross country skiing in the snow.", "A boy in skis is trying to walk through the snow. ", "A child on skis makes his way through a snowy landscape.", "A child in a ski outfit walking through snow"]
["Two persons with glasses skiing on snow covered mountain", "THIS IS A BLACK AND WHITE PICTURE OF TWO PEOPLE SKIING", "a black and white picture of two ski athletes in the snow", "A black and white picture of a skier skiing down an icy slope.", "A skier shoots jets of powder as he skies down a slope"]
["A man standing next to a stone wall while holding a skateboard.", "A man in a checkered shirt holding his skateboard", "A man holds a skateboard and wears plaid.", "A hipster wearing flood pants poses with his skateboard", "Man with sunglasses and plaid shirt holding a skateboard."]
["A person guiding a child down a hill on skis.", "An adult helps a child ski in the snow.  ", "An adult and a child on skis on the snowy slopes. ", "A man holding a young child on a pair of skis.", "A person helps a little kid stand in their skiis"]
["a plate with a piece of chocolate cake and vanilla ice cream", " a scoop of ice cream next to a pastry on a white plate with a fork above the pastry.", "A dessert of some sort on a plate that is white.", "The desert on the plate is a small portion size. ", "A cake topped in powdered sugar and a small serving of ice cream to the side."]
["A skier passing two people on a snowmobile.", "a person on skis makes their way through the snow", "A cross country ski competitor passing a snow mobile", "A person with skis and gears standing in the snow.", "A cross country skier heading towards a snowmobile"]
["Two white plates topped with meals sitting on a table.", "Two white plates filled with steamed carrots and grilled fish.", "Two white plates holds cooked fish and carrots.", "Twp plates of food are set next to each other.", "a close up of two plates contaning fish and carrots"]
["A man cutting a cake with a knife.", "A person cutting a cake with white frosting.", "A person cutting into a cake with white icing.", "A man cutting a slice of cake with a knife.", "A person is cutting into a white cake with a knife. "]
["Two people on skis at the ski slope pointing towards a mountain", "two people standing in the snow mountain with their skis ", "A couple of people riding skis on a snow slope.", "Pair of skiers looking at rocky rise while standing in open high altitude area.", "Two people looking up at a mountain on a snowy slope"]
["Several skiers can be seen making their way down the slope.", "There are four skiers currently in the same area. ", "Four people skiing traverse down the snowy hillside.", "some people skiing down a hill towards a valley", "A group of people riding skis down a snowy hill."]
["A man riding skis across snow covered ground.", "A man on skis on a cross country course ", "A guy wearing a blue shirt is skiing. ", "A man is riding on skiis up a snowy mountain.", "A man on skis makes a screaming face. "]
["A man decorated a white frosted cake with chocolate icing.", "A man holding a knife about to stab a cake.", "A man prepares to cut into a large cake. ", "A person about to cut into a white cake.", "The man is getting ready to stab the cake."]
["a swiss army knife sitting on a table with a flash drive", "An open Swiss Army pocket knife on a wood surface.", "A swiss army knife with all attachments sticking out.", "THERE IS A POCKET KNIFE ON THE TABLE ", "A Swiss Army knife sits next to a flash drive on a table. "]
["A man with a backpack walking in skis. ", "A person on skis with a backpack on a mountain side.", "A person on skis standing on a mountain", "A man on skis stopped on the side of a snowy mountain", "A person stands on skis on a snowy mountain."]
["A group of young people riding on top of a snow covered slope.", "Several people on skis on a snowy slope. ", "A group of skiers on skis on a mountain slope.", "a couple of people are skiing down a snowy slope", "A group of men ski across the snow covered ground."]
["A skier barrels down a slope while kicking up snow.", "a person skis down a mountain with white snow.", "Person with back pack skiing in the powdered snow.", "The skier kicks up snow as he moves down the slope.", "A person skis down a snowy hill. "]
["A boy doing skateboard tricks on a wooden object.", "A YOUNG BOY IN A WHITE SHIRT AND JEANS JUMPING WITH HIS SKATE BOARD.", "A boy is standing with his arms spread on his skateboard as he goes up a ramp.", "A person on a skateboard up on a ledge.", "A man in white shirt doing a trick on a skateboard."]
["two boys standing by a fence getting ready to ride their skateboards ", "Two boys preparing to skateboard down a wall.", "Two young men getting ready to go down a ramp on skateboards.", "Two boys getting ready to go down the skateboard ramp on their skateboards.", "Two men on skateboards standing on the top of a ramp."]
["a shirtless male skateboarder is doing a trick", "A shirtless man doing a trick on a skateboard.", "A man on a skateboard in the air doing a trick.", "A man doing tricks on his skate board in a skate park. ", "A man without a shirt is doing a trick on a skate board."]
["A man riding a skateboard near a ramp.", "a man is skate boarding in a skate board park ", "a black and white image of a skateboard park", "This is a picture of a person skateboarding in the city.", "Two men are skateboarding at a skate park."]
["The chicken has found something to eat in the grass.", "A rooster in the grass biting on a carrot. ", "A chicken that is eating a piece of a carrot.", "The chicken is examining the ground for food.", "A grey chicken in a farmyard pecks at a carrot."]
["A blue plate with chicken, beans, and vegetables on a wooden table.", "A plate of meat and vegetables sits on a table.", "Cooked chicken and vegetables served on a blue plate", "Meat with lentils, rice and vegetables sit on a blue plate on a wooden table.", "Chicken, grains, cucumbers, carrots, and peppers on a plate"]
["A man does a skateboard trick in the air.", "a teen riding a skateboard next to some stairs ", "A man riding a skateboard into the air above a brick wall.", "A skateboarder hitting tricks while riding down the stairs.", "a kid performs a trick on a skate board "]
["Man preforming stunt on skateboard on a road.", "a woman is leaning off of a skateboard", "A girl galling off a skateboard on the cement.", "A skateboarder performs a trick on his skate board.", "A woman riding  skateboard as she reaches for a ball."]
["A black cat atop a fallen tent flap.", "A snowboard is seen laying on another piece of equipment.", "A snowboard holds down fabric fastened to a structure.", "the snowboard is holding down the edge of the tent ", "A snowboard sitting on top of a tent."]
["Man flying a kite while on a snowboard.", "A snowboarder using a sail to snowboard in the snow", "kite boarder on an open span of snow", "A snowboarder is flying a kite in the snow.", "Man snowboarding with a kite across an open snowy field."]
["a person with green clothes and green board snowboarding.", "A man kite snowboarding on a sunny day", "a person riding a snow board in the air ", "A snowboarder holding a wind sail lifts from the ground.", "A snowboard with a kite for surfing in the air "]
["Shoes, a chair, and snowboard sit on a porch", "A snowboard and boots are sitting outside a door.\n\n\n\n", "a snow board leaning against a wall near a chair ", "Small enclosed porch with snowboard and shoes next to chair.", "An enclosed patio area with a snowboard and snowboarding boots."]
["Several skateboarders at a skateboard park skateboarding while others watch.", "A group of boys on skateboards riding around.", "A group of people skateboarding in park area next to palm trees.", "A bunch of kids at a skate park on skate boards.", "A skate park with several children playing on skateboards"]
["a table with a line of different kind of dressed hot dogs.", "A display of different types of sandwiches at a restaurant.", "A bunch of hot dogs sitting next to each other on a table.", "A row of hot dog sandwiches on top of a checkered table.", "A table that is filled with hot dogs, and a hamburger."]
["A snowboard is left vacant in view of large snow capped mountains.", "A snowboard sticking out of the snow filled ground.", "A yellow and white snowboard is stuck into the snow on a ledge and a mountain range lays in the background.", "A snow board stuck in the snow in front of a large mountain.", "A snow board sitting upright with a view of a mountain."]
["a female skier wearing a backpack skiing over the snow ", "a women that is skiing down a snowy hill", "A women who is going down a hill on snow skis.", "A woman that is standing on skis in the snow.", "A woman skiing down a mountain on a trail."]
["an image of a plate of meat with veggies on it", "A plate with a fried chicken breast topped with sauce garnished with cucumber slices and tomato wedges.", "A white plate with food that includes fish, cucumbers and tomatoes.", "A tomato, a cucumber, and something else on a plate.", "a piece of meat with sliced veggies with it on a plate "]
["Hot dogs on a portable grill at the beach", "Some hot dogs are being grilled in a metal pan.", "a line of hot dogs sit on a tray ", "Seven hot dogs cook on charcoal on the sandy beach.", "Hot dogs are being cooked on a makeshift grill at the beach."]
["A young boy with shaggy blonde hair standing with his skateboard.", "A young boy standing on a street holding a skateboard.", "A boy holds a skateboard on the side of the street.", "Hey, there's a blonde kid standing on the street holding a skateboard!", "A young boy is holding a skateboard in the street."]
["A hot dog and soda on a table with a mushroom", "A hot dog, a soda, and a green toy mushroom on a table.", "Hot dogs and Coke with a 1-up mushroom.", "A hot dog, sodas, waters, and a Super Mario mushroom on a table with people in the background. ", "a hot dog with mustard and a soda"]
["A red plate topped with two bacon wrapped hot dogs.", "Two bacon wrapped hotdogs with cheese on a bun.", "Two hot dogs with cheese on a plate on a table. ", "Hot dogs wrapped with bacon and cheese are on buns. ", "Two bacon wrapped hot dogs are served on a plate."]
["A hotdog and fork sitting on a plastic plate", "A hot dog covered in mustard and ketchup.", "A hot dog with ketchup and mustard is on a styrofoam plate.", "Cooked snack item in bread on plate with condiment.", "A hot dog that is laying on a plate."]
["A couple of hotdogs on a paper plate.", "Two hotdogs sitting on a white plate at a table.", "A disposable plate has two hot dogs with the works on it. ", "two hotdogs with buns and condiments sitting on a plate", "Two hot dogs on a plate on a table."]
["The elderly man is roasting hotdogs on a grill. ", " a man cooking hot dogs on a grill", "An elderly man at a barbecue grill cooking hot dogs in a back yard.", "An elderly man grills hot dogs on a stone patio with others gathered in the area.", "A man cooking hot dogs on top of a BBQ."]
["A little boy is excited to eat his lunch.", "A little boy sitting in front of a hot dog covered in ketchup. ", "A young boy viewing a plate holding a hot dog and chips.", "A kid looks excited to eat his hot dog with fires.", "A child smiling at a hot dog and potato chips."]
["People in maroon shirts tend to food being grilled outside a building.", "A man stands over a grill covered with hot dogs. ", "A man handling something while grilling hot dogs on a grill.", "This is a man grilling several hot dogs on a small grill.", "A man is outside grilling some hot dogs."]
["A small child is eating a donut fed by another hand.", "A blonde boy looking at his donut hole.", "A boy is looking at a small doughnut with powdered sugar on his face.", "A little boy eating powered sugar covered flood.", "a child eats part of a sugar frosted donut"]
["A person showing off the inside of two doughnuts", "A person holding two half eaten donuts on top of a bench.", "What kind of donuts are these hands holding?", "A person is holding two doughnuts while sitting on a bench.", "A woman sitting on a bench outside holding two donuts. "]
["A person that is is snowboarding down a rail and doing a trick.", "A snowboarder balances on a rail during a competition.", "A snow boarder is on top of a sign with his board and has his hands out for balance.", "a person is doing a trick on skis", "The individual is skating on the side of the rail. "]
["Adults play in the snow with balls and over sized mallets.", "A man kicking beach balls while holding a broom.", "A crowd of people watching a parade down a snowy street", "A group having an outdoor event while the crowd looks on.", "an image of a band that is doing tricks in the snow"]
["A pile of assorted donuts and pastries for sale", "An assortment of pastries with identifying cards and prices.", "A pile of doughnuts with signs stating the prices.", "a table covered wtih assorted fancy donuts and signs", "A large number of donuts of different varieties with labels"]
["Hot dogs, buns and croissants on a BBQ grill ", "Hot dogs, buns, and croissants on grill with red wall", "croissants, hot dog buns and hot dogs cooking on a grill", "Hot dogs, buns, and croissants cook on a grill.", "A three-tiered grill is filled with sausages, buns, and croissants."]
["Sandwiches sit on napkins next to bowls of soup. ", "Sandwiches laying on plates with bowls of soup sitting beside them.", "three sandwiches cut and two bowls of soup ", "a plate with a grilled sanwich next to a bowl of tomato soup", "Some grilled cheese are on a white plate with a bowl of chili nearby. "]
["A large assortment of donuts with different colored toppings", "A dozen doughnuts sitting in a box and ready to eat.", "THERE IS A BOX OF DIFFERENT KINDS OF DOUGHNUTS \n", "A dozen glazed pastries each different and each glazed with different flavors.", "All of the donuts each have a different flavor of icing."]
["A white foam container filled with crab meat sandwich.", "A person holding a plate with a sandwich.", "A person picking up some food from a container.", "A toasted lobster or crab roll is being eaten from a styrofoam container.", "A seafood po'boy sandwich in a styrofoam box"]
["A young boy eating a custard covered donut.", "A young boy holds a doughnut to his face.", "A boy eating a doughnut. The doughnut looks to be chocolate.", "A small child eating a potato during a photo.", "A young boy holds food in front of his mouth."]
["Chocolate glazed doughnuts and pastries on a plate.", "Filled pastries and chocolate donuts on a plate.", "Assorted baked items displayed on green and white plate.", "A colorful plate topped with four donuts, two of them covered in chocolate..", "Assorted donuts are on a green and white plate."]
["Two wire racks filled with donuts and donut holes.", "A couple of metal racks filled with donuts and doughnut holes", "a rack of a few different kind of doughnuts ", "A variety of donuts and munchkins sitting out. ", "a bunch of doughnuts that are above a fryer"]
["A picture of a snowboard covered in snow.", "The view of someone's boot on top of a snow board.", "A picture of a person's foot on a snowboard.", "A person's foot strapped into a black snowboard.", "A close up of a boot on a snow board in the snow"]
["A group of people riding skis on top of a ski slope.", "A group of people that are wearing snow skis and holding poles.", "Everyone is ready to start the downhill run on the ski slope.", "a man in a yellow jacket standing next to some skiiers ", "A group of skiers are preparing to ski down a mountain."]
["A pretty young woman holding a paper plate with a pizza on it.", "Lady holding a pizza on a plate in an outdoor eating area.", "A lady holding a plate with a pizza on top", "A woman in a busy outdoor cafe holds up a pizza on a plate.", "A female diner showing her plates of pizza."]
["Someone holding out a bag of donuts with Japanese writing on it.", "A hand is holding a pack of Japanese donuts.", "A hand holds a yellow packet of mini doughnuts. ", "a package of donuts with foreign writing on it", "the hand holds the yellow bag of donuts"]
["A plate with soup, a sandwich and a salad on it.", "A wooden table with a white plate with a salad, soup and sandwich.", "a wooden table with a plate silverware bread and vegetables ", "A plate that has some soup and a sandwich on it.", "A delicious looking plate of soup, sandwich, and greens"]
["Guy sitting down stuffing his face with food", "A man eats something that is wrapped in white paper.", "A man is eating something wrapped in paper.", "A man takes a bite out of some sort of food. ", "A MAN SITTING DOWN AT A TABLE EATING SOMETHING"]
["A man is smoking a cigarette and giving a thumbs up", "A person with cigarette in the mouth looking at a plate with food.", "A man with a cigarette in his mouth pointing a plate of food. ", "A man with a cigarette giving a thumbs up and pointing at his burger on a plate.", "A guy with a cigarette pointing at a burger"]
["A woman standing a surf board using a paddle. ", "a woman on a surf board using a paddle", "A woman in a red bathing suit rides a blue paddle board in the water.", "A woman in a red swim suit with a paddle standing up trying to move.", "A woman on the ocean standing on a board with an oar."]
["A person riding a paddle boat on top of a wave in the ocean.", "A man is kayaking through uphill waves to get to the other side.", "A person in a kayak going over a large wave in the ocean.", "A person in a red kayak, riding across waves in the ocean water, with a large boat in the far distance.", "Man paddling in a red kayak over medium sized waves."]
["A man in a helmet is riding a kayak in rough water.", "A woman in a kayak is negotiating the river rapids.", "A man riding a paddle boat on top of a wave.", "A man on a kayak boat in fast moving water.", "a kayaker in red paddles through white water."]
["A man grins while resting in legs on a kayak.", "A man in sunglasses laying on the outside of a green kayak.", "A man laying down on a green kayak.", "a person laying in a small boat on a beach", "A man lounging back in a green kayak up on the beach."]
["A group of men carrying surfboards on a beach.", "Three surfers on a beach heading for the waves.", "Some people are going to go surfing in the ocean.", "Three surfers walking along the beach after a swim.", "A few people are walking on the beach carrying surfboards."]
["a group of girls going after a soccer ball", "young people playing soccer on a field with houses in the background", "A group of young women kicking around a soccer ball.", "Three little girls, one from the other team, are next to the goal.", "A group of young girls run towards a soccer ball."]
["A person surfing the waves in a wet suit.", "A surfer in a wetsuit catches a small wave.", "A person doing a trick on a surfboard while riding a wave.", "A woman riding on a surfboard on top of a wave.", "A young man tries to ride up a wave"]
["two people holding hands while on surfboards in the water", "two people riding sruf boards on a wave", "Two people riding surfboards on a wave while holding hands.", "Man and woman touch hands going different directions on a surfboard. ", "A man and a woman surf in the water."]
["a man with a surfboard near a kid", "A young man walking across a beach with a child and a surfboard.", "a person is carrying a white and red surfboard and a child", "an over head view of two people walking one is carrying a surf board", "Two people walking on the beach, with one carrying a surfboard."]
["A man carrying a white surfboard across a beach.", "A surfboard is laying flat is the sand beside a palm tree.", "A person carrying a long board on a beach. ", "A surf board laying face down between palm trees.", "A person walking with a surfboard on a beach."]
["A box of different doughnuts with icing on each.", "A box filled with six donuts covered in icing and frosting.", "An assortment of five glazed donuts and one chocolate covered donut.", "a box filled with glazed donuts and pastries", "A box of glazed and chocolate covered donuts."]
["Chicken cordon blue and fries with a garnish", "A plate of fries and two other items, one of them being green.", "A plate of food including fries and mac and cheese.", "A plate of fries, lettuce, and macaroni ham sandwiches.", "A dinner order at a very expensive restaurant."]
["a man outside cooking with a sub in his hand", "A man holding a sandwich in his hand in front of a cart.", "A man in white jacket holding a sandwich with meat in it.", "A man in an apron holding up a large sandwich.", "A man with a hot dog somewhere outside."]
["A couple of women sitting next to each other in frotn of a cake.", "Woman is just about to cut birthday cake as friends are around.", "A woman sitting on a sofa cuts a cake while two others watch.", "The woman is slicing the festive birthday cake.", "Three women in a living room as a birthday cake is cut."]
["A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "a man on a surf board rides on a big wave ", "A surfer riding a wave on his surfboard.", "Someone surfing waves on their surf board in the ocean", "A man is surfing on a moderately big wave in the ocean"]
["A man riding a surfboard in the ocean.", "A surfer uses a cat pose to glide through a wave.", "A surfboarder is getting ready to ride a wave.", "Surfer standing up on his board while riding a wave. ", "a man catches a wave on his surfboard"]
["A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A person is riding a wave on a surfboard.", "a man on a surf board rides through the water ", "a man standing on a surfboard and riding a wave", "A person is surfing on a medium sized wave."]
["A man surfs on a small wave on the water.", "A man on a surf board riding a wave.", "A person on a surfboard in the water.", "A surfer in a black wetsuit rides a wave.", "A person on a surfboard riding it in the water."]
["A person surfing in the middle of a wave.", "A suffer rides a surfboard on top of a small wave.", "A person riding a wave on a surf board", "A man with long hair and a black bodysuit surfing.", "A person standing on a surfboard in the water."]
["The person has a sandwich and salad on the plate", "a plate of various foods and eating utensils ", "a sandwich and some other foods on a white plate", "Food items on plate next to cup with soup at table.", "a plate holding a half sandwich and a salad with a little bowl of dressing"]
["A surfer ending his surf as he reaches the beach.", "A long haired man in a wetsuit is surfing. ", "A male surfer rides a small ocean wave.", "a person is surfing on a board at the beach", "A long haired surfer with waves rushing behind him"]
["A man on a surfboard that is in the water.", "The young person is surfing on wave in the sea.", "Someone surfing the waves on their surf board.", "A person on a surfboard in the water.", "A surfer is riding the giant waves. "]
["A woman in a wet suit surfs a wave.", "A person on a surf board riding a wave.", "Woman in black suit surfing on a small wave.", "A surfer riding a wave in an ocean.", "A person on a surfboard in the water."]
["Two boaters are white water rafting through rough currents.", "two people in a small boat in a body of water", "THERE ARE PEOPLE ON A BOAT TUBE IN THE WATER", "Two people riding a raft through some waves.", "Two people in a canoe in some rapids."]
["A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A man attempts to surf a small ocean wave.", "A male surfer on a white board in the water.", "a man leaning back a bit as he rides his surfboard ", "The surfer is working on riding the big wave."]
["This is a large lunch of sandwiches with layers of meats.", "The plate has a very large sandwich on it ", "A sandwich and chips on a white plate.", "a plate with many sandwiches and chips ", "a triple layer sandwich and potato chips on a plate"]
["A person laying on a beach next to a  white surfboard.", "A man sitting next to a surfboard on a beach.", "A young man sitting on the beach with a surf board.", "A guy is sitting on the beach with a surfboard.", "A man sits on the beach next to his surfboard."]
["A sandwich filled with cheese and meat on a wrapper.", "Greasy Chicken, lettuce, and cheese sandwich looking delicious.", "A sandwich with meat and vegetables in a wrap.", "A chicken sandwich with bacon and lettuce on a roll.", "A sandwich with fried food is wrapped in paper."]
["A group of small children in matching shirts with two soccer balls.", "A soccer team composed of little girls and boys.", "a small child's soccer team posing with soccer balls", "A group of small children wear blue shirts and stand behind two soccer balls.", "A group of children on a soccer team posing for a picture."]
["A man in a grey wet suit on a surfboard.", "A surfer is doing a stunt on a surfboard while he rides the wave almost up-side down.", "A man riding the waves on his surf board. ", "a man rides a wave on his surfboard in a wetsuit", "A man goes surfing in the water in the ocean. "]
["A surfer in the middle of a jump in the ocean", "A man in the air while surfing in a water suit. ", "A man riding a board into the air over foamy water.", "A man in a black wetsuit is surfing in the water. ", "A person on a surfboard in mid-air with water splashing under him."]
["Baker proudly displays her white dog cake in her kitchen", "A woman wearing an apron standing next to a cake that looks like a white dog.", "A  woman standing next to a cake in the shape of a dog", "A woman standing next to a dog cake.", "A woman standing next to a cake shaped like a dog."]
["A surfer being filmed going up a big wave.", "Surfer on an ocean wave with an unusual object.", "The man is surfing a wave in the ocean.", "Toy helicopter filming a circular in midair after launch Waze", "a man holding onto the side of a surfboard in the water "]
["A little girl putting decorations on top of pink cup cakes.", "a small child reaching for a cupcake on a table", "A child reaches over a tray of cupcakes for a single cupcakes.", "A baby girl reaching for a cupcake off a tiered plate.", "A girl in floral dress grabbing a cupcake."]
["A young girl who is looking at a tray of cupcakes. ", "a baby girl looks excitedly at a plate of cupcakes with pink frosting near a window.", "So many pink frosted cupcakes to choose from for this little girl.", "A baby gazes at pink-frosted cupcakes on a two-layered display.", "A little girl standing at a table that has cup cakes on it."]
["A woman covers her mouth as she is presented a birthday cake.  ", "A birthday cake with lit candles on it. ", "A person holding a cake with lit candles in front of a girl in a dark room.", "A birthday cake explicit in nature makes a girl laugh.", "A woman holding a glass while standing next to a cake."]
["A windsurfer riding on top of a wave.", "A windsurfer sailing into a wave that is cresting", "Person surfing or sailing in rough, choppy water.", "a man riding on top of a wave on a wind sail.", "A wind surfer is on top of an ocean wave."]
["A couple of kids laying on top of a bed.", "two kids in red play on the bed with a small red chair", "Young children with small chair atop of white comforter.", "Two kids are sitting on the bed with a red chair.", "The two young children are playing around in bed. "]
["A bed with pillows in a small room.", "The bed in the hotel room has been messed up.", "View of a white bedspread in a room.", "The couple sleeping in this bed did not make it when they woke up", "A loosely made bed with a white blanket"]
["A group of people riding a wave on top of  surfboards.", "The surfer is giving a riding ovation for his comrades.", "Two people are surfing as another is bodyboarding near them. ", "three people on surf boards in the ocean rising a wave", "Three people on a lake try their hand at watersports."]
["Black and white photograph of a surfer balancing on her board", "The person is riding a surfboard through rough rapids.", "a black and white photo of a person on a surfboard.", "A woman is surfing in a black and white photo.", "A person riding a board on top of water."]
["The jail cell looks run down and dirty.", "A small old fashion jail cell with cracked walla.", "An empty prison cell with a bed and a table.", "A PRISON WITH A BED AND DESK IN IT ", "a creepy prison cell with a small bed and nightstand"]
["TRAY WITH HALF EATEN CAKE, COFFEE, AND OTHER DISHES", "A piece of a delicious looking chocolate cake on a white plate decorated with green flowers.", "A piece of chocolate cake is on a green and white plate.", "A piece of chocolate cake with chocolate icing.", "a PARTIALLY EATEN CHOCOLATE CAKE SERVED ON A PLATE"]
["two men one is surfing and the other is giving him a signal to go right", "A man on a surfboard riding a wave.", "The man surfing is taking instructions from the man pointing. ", "Two people preparing to surf on a large wave.", "Two surfers talking in the ocean while waves hit them."]
["A person on a surf board surfing a wave.", "A man wearing a wet suit and surfing. ", "A surfer riding a large wave at night.", "A surfer riding an ocean wave at dusk.", "A surfer surfs a wave in the ocean. "]
["An instructor teaching people how to surf on the beach", "Four people learning how to surf on a sandy beach", "A group of people pretend to surf on the beach next to hotels.", "A group of young people standing on a beach next to a surfboard.", "people standing on a beach being taught how to surf"]
["A man holding a soccer ball on top of a lush green field.", "The young man is playing a game of soccer. ", "A male soccer player engaged in play on a grass field.", "A young man playing soccer on a well maintained field.", "A person on a soccer field chasing a soccer ball."]
["Two rectangular trays of pizza with topping on them", "Two uncooked pizzas has different ingredients on each.", "Two pizzas filled with topping sitting in pans. ", "Two homemade pizzas about ready to be cooked", "Two pans placed next to each other with fresh made pizza in them ready to be cooked"]
["The small bed is next to a desk with a chair at it.", "A neat room with a made up twin bed, a pillow and a desk.", "A bedroom area with a bed, desk and two framed pictures.", "A bed that has a white blanket and pillows.", "A bed that is next to a desk."]
["A bed in a bedroom sitting under a painting.", "The bedroom has two lamps on each nightstand beside the bed.", "A bedroom with a gray and white theme", "Bed with patterned purple bed sheets and painting on the wall", "A bed and desks in a very small room."]
["A room with a purple bed, detailed wall and various paintings.", "The hotel bed has a bedspread with a very intricate design.", "A bed sits in a room with paintings on the wall.", "A room with a clean bed and two wall hangings,side table with a night lamp.", "A bed sitting in a room near two lamps and a couple of pictures on the wall."]
["Two young boys sitting in bed together under blankets.", "Two young boys read in bed using a lamp light.", "Two young boys are reading on a bed, but the light of a lamp.", "Two children wrapped in blankets reading on a bed.", "Two children reading while lying in their bed"]
["Surfer riding decent sized wave on the river with breaking tide.", "An African American man surfing through murky waves", "A surfing man is catching a rough wave.", "A small wave is best used to learn how to surf.", "A man that is standing on a surfboard."]
["A girl in her underwear jumping onto a bed.", "A woman that is in the air near beds.", "This person is jumping in between both beds in the room.", "The kid is in the air above the bed", "The girl is flying through the air above the beds."]
["Two towels shaped like swans sitting on a bed.", "two towels folded in the shape of two kissing doves", "Two towels arranged in a heart shape on a bed.", "Two towels on a bed folded to look like swans.", "Two towels placed on a bed fashioned into swans."]
["Guy out in the water rides through a wave on his surfboard", "Man in black shirt and blue shorts surf boarding in shallow water.", "A man on a surf board riding a wave.", "A man riding a surfboard wears blue shorts.", "A man on a surf board is riding a wave in to the beach."]
["A man riding a surfboard with his arms outstretched.", "The man on the surfboard is riding the waves.", "A person wearing board shorts riding a surfboard.", "A man is riding a surfboard on the water of ocean.", "A man is surfing on a wave in the ocean."]
["A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A man wearing a wet suit while riding on a surfboard. ", "A man rides the small wave on his surfboard.", "A surfer rides a wave in the ocean on his surfboard. ", "man in black wetsuit surfing in the ocean"]
["A man riding a surfboard on top of a wave.", "a man riding a boogie board on a wave ", "The man is lying on a surfboard on the wave.", "A man riding on a surfboard down a wave.", "A surfer surfing on a small wave in the ocean."]
["A surfer lying on his surfboard as a wave approaches from behind.", "A surfer coming out of a wave holding on to his board.", "A man in a wet suit riding a boogie board on a wave.", "A young man rides a surfboard in a wave.", "The man lies on a bodyboard through a wave."]
["a man that is surfing in the ocean", "The man is bodyboarding on the wave in the ocean. ", "a man riding a boogie board in the water ", "A man rides a wave lying on a board.", "A man is taking a break from surfing, and laying on the board. "]
["Unplugged old style tube television sitting on a floor.", "A TV sitting on a floor with a electrical plug.", "An old television sits precariously on a stand.", "An old television and wires are on a box.", "An old television sitting on the edge of a stand. "]
["a man smile at a table with a pizza on it", "a man sits at a table with slices of pizza ", "A happy man sitting in front of a large pan of pizza.", "A man sitting at a table in front of a very large pizza.", "A man sits at a table with beer and pizza."]
["Two pizzas sit next to each other on metal grates. ", "Two pizzas sitting on top of metal racks.", "A pizza on a rack on the table", "There are two pizzas sitting atop wide racks on a counter top.", "Two pizzas on cooling racks atop a counter."]
["A pizza covered in cheese sitting on to of a counter.", "The long pizza is directly beside another smaller pizza. ", "A homemade pizza with cheese and meat toppings on a table.", "Two cheese pizzas sitting beside each other on a cloth.", "The large rectangular cheese pizza looks delicious. "]
["A woman hitting a tennis ball on a tennis court during a match.", "A woman gearing up to hit a tennis ball", "Woman of African descent in mid tennis backhand.", "A woman standing on top of a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A black woman playing tennis runs and swings at the ball."]
["A man sits in front of an elevated pizza.", "A young man is sitting by a large pizza.", "A man posing with a freshly made pizza in a restaurant", "A man sitting at a table with a pizza in front of him.", "A person sitting at a table with some pizza"]
["A group of people sitting around a table sharing a meal.", "A group of people at a dinner table posing for a picture.", "A group of people seated around a long table having a meal.", "LARGE GATHERING OF PEOPLE AT THE DINNER TABLE", "A group of people are sitting at a table enjoying a meal together."]
["Several tables are set up with laptop computers.", "two long tables with six laptops on top", "A table topped with lots of laptop computers.", "A row of notebook computers are on a set of tables.", "A room that has tables with several open laptops on them. "]
["A man reaches as high as he can to hit a tennis ball.", "A tennis player reaches high to hit the ball.", "How high does he have to reach to hit that tennis ball?", "A tennis player attempts to serve the tennis ball.", "A man swinging a tennis racquet towards a ball."]
["A cheese covered pizza sitting on top of a counter.", "A closeup shot of a plain cheese pizza.", "A closeup of a cheesy pizza looks delicious.", "Freshly baked sliced cheese pizza with thick crust.", "Slices of cheese pizza placed on a wooden table."]
["A woman sitting in a chair using a cell phone.", "a woman sitting a chair while talking on a cell phone ", "A woman sitting in a chair while talking on a cell phone with her leg up in the air.", "Older woman sitting on a chair talking on the telephone.", "A woman sitting in a chair and talking on a cell phone."]
["A desk with a laptop, computer monitor, keyboard and mouse.", "a desk that is holding a lap top and desk top computer", "a desk with a laptop and a keyboard and a mouse", "Two computers, a laptop and a desktop, next to each other.", "A laptop and monitor and a CPU on a desk"]
["A pair of rectangular deep dish homemade pizzas.", "Two square shaped pizzas one pepperoni the other meatball.", "Two square pizzas sitting side by side in baking pans.", "Two different pizzas sit next to each other in baking trays", "An image of two pizzas cooking in their pans."]
["Wooden table with two plates full of cheese pizza.", "A slice is eaten from both of the small pizzas.", "A fork and knife on a large pizza", "Pizzas are on plates on a dining table.", "A couple of pizza pans with some slices taken from them."]
["A group of women sitting next to eachother.", "a bunch of girl sit around a table ", "a group of people sitting eating pizza with one another", "Three girls sitting in a living room eating pizza. ", "A group of girls eating pizza on a couch."]
["an uncut pepperoni pizza on a wooden counter", "A greasy pepperoni pizza is on a table.", "Portion of pepperoni pizza displayed on wooden table.", "A pepperoni pizza sitting on top of a wooden table.", "On a wooden table lays a pepperoni pizza."]
["A young person sitting at a table covered with plates of pizza.", "A person holding a glass of something sitting at a table", "A man sitting holding a drink with pizzas on the table.", "A man holds a glass up as he celebrates with a slice of pizza on a plate in front of him.", "The man is drinking at the table outside."]
["A delicious pizza sits on top of a white plate. ", "Vegetable and pepperoni pizza with a slice cut out", "A pizza with pepperoni, broccoli and jalapeno peppers.", "A white plate topped with a cheesy pizza.", "A cooked pizza that is placed on a plate."]
["A pizza covered in lots of cheese and toppings.", "a small deep dish pizza with unrecognizable toppings", "A pizza with melted cheese and spinach with thick crust.", "The whole pizza is sitting on the table.", "The pizza sitting on the counter next to the fork and plate looks burn."]
["A cooked and sliced pizza with a variety of toppings in a pizza box.", "A think crust pizza with vegetables in a box.", "A pizza that is in a box on a table.", "The pizza with many vegetables is inside of a box.", "A large sliced pizza in a box on a table."]
["A man waiting on the ball playing tennis.", "A man on a court holding a tennis racket.", "A man holds a tennis racket on a tennis court.", "A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A man is standing on a tennis court ready to play."]
["A tennis ball is coming toward a man", "A man hits a tennis ball with his racket. ", "A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A man stands on a tennis court hitting a ball with a racket.", "A man is holding a tennis racket trying to hit the ball."]
["Split photo of two athletes serving tennis balls.", "Two different pictures of male tennis players hitting the tennis ball.", "A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "two male tennis players are playing tennis ", "Two photo of two tennis players in the middle of a serve."]
["some food and glasses of wine on a table", "A cutting board and a metal pan topped with pizza.", "Sliced pizza displayed on table with beverage and child nearby.", "Some slices of pizza are on baking sheets.", "Small, stylish pizzas on a table with red wine glasses."]
["A guy playing tennis about to hit the ball. ", "A MAN IS HITTING A TENNIS BALL WITH A TENNIS RACKET", "A tennis player preparing to hit the tennis ball.", "a tennis player in a white shirt is playing tennis", "A man swinging at the ball on a tennis court."]
["A male tennis player in action on the court.", "A tennis player prepares to hit an incoming tennis ball.", "A man wearing a yellow shirt playing tennis on a court.", "A young man hitting a tennis ball during a tennis match in a stadium.", "A male tennis player in yellow hits the ball."]
["A young man in a yellow shirt and black shorts hitting a tennis ball in a tennis match in a stadium.", "A tennis player in action on the court.", "a man that is playing some tennis on a court", "A man getting ready to hit a tennis ball back on the court ", "A tennis player is playing tennis on the tennis court. "]
["A man hitting a tennis ball on a tennis court.", "A man holding a tennis racket playing tennis.", "Person in yellow shirt playing tennis on a court", "A man in a yellow shirt and black shorts playing tennis.", "A man swinging a tennis racquet on a tennis court."]
["A young woman holding a tennis racquet on a court.", "A woman tennis player bending her knees and holding a racket.", "A woman with a tennis racket in a squatting position. ", "a woman kneeling a bit while waiting to hit the tennis ball", "A woman with a tennis racket and in tennis apparel."]
["The tennis player is extending his reach to hit the racket. ", "A man swings his acket to hit a tennis ball", "A tennis player swinging the rackets towards the ball.", "A man that is standing up and has a tennis racquet.", "A man lunging to hit a tennis ball in a match"]
["A woman is dishing up from a table which has pizza, salad, and beer.", "Woman pick up a slice of pizza and putting it on a plate. ", "A lady putting a slice of pizza in her plate, with a pizza and salad in front of her.", "A lady getting a piece of pizza from the counter.", "A woman has served herself a slice of pizza on a plate."]
["a person taking a photo in a mirror ", "a male in a green shirt holding a camera", "a man is taking a selfie in the mirror", "A man taking a selfie in front of a bathroom mirror.", "a man that is taking a picture of him self"]
["Several water bottles grouped together on a wooden table.", "Some bottled water on a table has asian writing.", "Several bottles of water are on a night stand.", "An assortment of water bottles arranged on a night side table.", "A table has a cell phone and a group of water bottles on it."]
["Toothbrush holder that contains three toothbrushes and a tube of toothpaste", "A close up view of a small rack with some tooth brushes.", "a toothbrush holder with four toothbrushes in it ", "Several toothbrushes and a tube of toothpaste sits in a bathroom toothbrush holder.", "A container filled with lots of tooth brushes."]
["A young boy taking a toothbrush off the store shelf.", "a little boy picking up a toothbrush in a store", "A boy is picking out toothbrushes at a store.", "A young boy in a shopping cart looking at tooth brushes.", "A boy reaching for a toothbrush in a store from a buggy."]
["Room of people sitting at long tables with an overhead projector in front.", "A group of people at long tables are looking at a big screen.", "People watching a business presentation on a board.", "a group of people watching a teacher show them on a screen", "A group of people sit and look at a slideshow."]
["A group of kids sitting at a wooden table around tree.", "Three boys sitting on a bench a table built round a tree.", "kids rest on a park bench and table next to a tree.", "A group of young men hanging on a table next to a tree.", "A close up of three children on a bench surrounding a tree.", "Three little boys sitting at a picnic table."]
["A baby boy holding a tooth brush sitting on a floor.", "A young boy sitting curled up and holding a toothbrush.", "A little boy sits with his check against his need holding a toothbrush.", "A small boy sitting while holding a toothbrush.", "A young boy is sitting while holding a toothbrush. "]
["a kid sitting in a bathtub while holding onto a toothbrush", "A boy smiles in the bathtub while holding a tooth brush.", "a young child shows off his smile after brushing his teeth", "this is a boy sitting in a tub", "A little boy in a bathtub smiles while brushing his teeth."]
["a living room filled with couches, chairs, tv, and windows", "a living room with a giant rug filled with furniture.", "a very nice room with beautiful crouch and a screen", "A living room with a couch, television, and a colorful rug.", "A brown and red themed living room setup. "]
["A white controller for the Nintendo Wii game system.", "a close up of a white wii mote on a table", "Single video game controller laying on a table.", "A white video game controller that is set on a table.", "there is a close up picture of a video game remote"]
["A Nintendo Wii controller sitting on a white table.", "close up of the bottom of a wii remote", "A black Nintendo Wii game controller with attached strap. ", "A black wii controller  showing from bottom up.", "A black wiimote laying on a white table"]
["A modern formal dining room looks out glass doors to woods and ornamental grass. ", "Dining table surrounded with chairs sits next to the full size glass windows", "Intricately designed dining room in front of a garden.", "A very nice looking room with a big table and shelves.", "a dining room table with a place setting next to a cabinet full of dishes"]
["A man sitting on a red couch holding a Wii game controller.", "a man sitting on a red couch using the wii driving remote ", "A man sitting on a couch holding a small white object.", "A man sitting on a red couch holding a white steering wheel playing a Wii driving game.", "Guy sitting on the couch with steering wheel remote in hand playing the Wii"]
["We are looking at a living room with traditional furnishings.", "There is a living room that has a couch and green chair in a corner.", "A living room area features a large clock over a fireplace mantle, a couch, a television screen and a large area rug.", "A tan and brown-colored living room with TV and fireplace", "THERE IS A LIVING ROOM WITH A FIREPLACE AND TV"]
["A living room with a white wall and a beige couch.", "A small living room with a sofa, chair, coffee table and tv.", "A living room with a couch, chair, table, lamp and television in it. ", "A couch, a chair, a table and a TV in a small room.", "Looks like an inviting place to relax and rejuvenate."]
["WOMAN USED IN ADVERTISEMENT FOR AN ELECTRONICS AD", "A girl plays with Wii controllers in an ad. ", "A woman smiles as she holds out a Wii controller.", "Advertisement for a chance to win a Wii console at Best Buy", "A Best Buy ad portrays a woman playing with a Wiimote. "]
["A living room and kitchenette done in greens and earth tones", "A living room filled with furniture and a flat screen TV.", "A living room scene with a kitchen in the background.", "A large and furnished green walled apartment livingroom", "This residence is painted and decorated with lots of green."]
["A large dog sitting in a living room in front of a fireplace.", "A dog sitting on the floor of a living room", "A dog sits on a rug in a living room.", "A dog that is laying down on a carpet.", "A yellow dog relaxing on the living room floor near a fireplace."]
["a man that has something in his hand", "A man in a suit holding something in his office ", "a guy in the suit pouints across the room", "Man on-screen playing Nintendo in front of a book", "A man in a coat playing a game with a remote controller."]
["Two people playing a WII game at an event", "A man and a woman holding Wii remotes while playing a game. ", "Four adults play on a wii in a bulding", "A couple of people in a room with remotes.", "two people playing a video game with remote controls"]
["Two people sitting on a couch eating chips.", "a male and female a couch and a table", "A father and daughter are on the couch eating chips.", "A man and woman sitting on a couch watching tv ", "A man sitting next to a woman on a couch."]
["A boy in yellow shirt playing a game with a Nintendo Wii controller.", "A child standing in a living room holding a wii remote.", "a kid with yellow t shirt is ready to through something up", "a close up of a young child playing nintendo wii", "A young child is playing a WII video game."]
["A person pressing a button on a Wii controller.", "A hand holds a remote that operates a video game. ", "There are no image to describe on this page..", "A person is holding a white Wii control", "someone that is holding a wii remote in their hand"]
["A boy sitting on the floor in a living room holding a game controller.", "Two boys sitting on the floor playing video games", "Two young boys sit on the carpet playing a video game.", "Two boys sitting on the floor holding controllers.", "two young people sitting on the floor playing nintendo wii"]
["a woman is swinging a remote in her house", "A woman in a white shirt plays a video game in a living room.", "A woman playing Wii in a room ", "A woman swinging a video game remote near a lamp.", "A woman is holding a video gaming controller"]
["A group of young people playing video games.", "A group of people playing with a Nintendo Wii. ", "A group of people standing and holding wii remotes.", "Friends playing video games together in the same room.", "A bunch of young people are playing with the Wii."]
["Two friends are playing the Nintendo Wii in the living room", "A man playing Wii Bowling while his friend watches.", "a couple of guys that are standing up with a wii remote", "A group of young men playing Wii in a living room.", "There is a man playing a video game."]
["A living room with sofa, chairs and a television.", "a living room with a blue wall and chairs ", "A blue living room with couches, chairs and a rocking horse.", "A room made up with chairs and television. ", "A living room with blue walls and furniture."]
["A man using a remote while two other people look on.", "three people watching something in a living room", "A man playing Wii while others watch ", "a man standing by some other people while playing a video game ", "A man with a beard is playing video games while two other people watch."]
["A woman holding a Nintendo Wii controller in her hands.", "A lady plays video games standing and someone else sits on the couch.", "A woman and her daughter playing Wii at home", "A person standing up, playing a video game with remotes.", "A woman with a controller playing a videogame. "]
["The boy is pointing the complex tool at the man.", "A man stands in the living room while playing a video game.", "A man in a black shirt being filmed playing Wii.", "a person sitting and recording another man using a wiimote", "A person video taping a man standing at a table with a laptop computer."]
["A group of people holding Nintendo wii game controllers.", "a bunch of people grouped together using a wii remote ", "A group of people together that are holding remotes.", "Several men and a woman standing around holding game controllers.", "A room of people standing around playing video games"]
["A living room with a fire place and lots of furniture.", "A living area with a fireplace and television", "A picture of a living room with a TV over a fireplace.", "A room features a flat screen TV, a fireplace, and knick knacks.", "this living room has a fire place and a tv on the wall"]
["A couple of computer monitors sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "A computer desk has a duel monitor setup, headphones, and a drink.", "Two monitors sit on an organized desk area", "two monitor standing on the table with one keyboard", "On a natural wood table, with a red curtain as backdrop, sit two computer monitors and keyboard."]
["A collage of four images shows keyboards, monitors, and computer mice.", "Different angles of computer keyboards, mice and a laptop.", "All four of those pictures contains a keyboard.", "A split screen shows computers on different tables.", "Four pictures of a computer and a desk."]
["a living room with a couch a table and a chair", "The living room has an old time stove and a wooden floor.", "There is a living room and dining room area with a wood stove on the far wall.", "a living room with wooden floors and a pipe stove", "A living room with a wood stove is seen from above."]
["There is a computer pad on the desk with a person hand on it", "A person's hand on an Apple keyboard with a mouse to the side.", "A hand with a gold ring is posed over a wireless keyboard, beside a wired mouse", "a hand sitting on top of a little computer keyboard", "A hand with a ring that is on a keyboard."]
["A computer sitting on top of a glass table.", "A keyboard, mouse, ipod, and other items sitting on a glass table. ", "There is a room with various items in the picture.", "A glass desk with labels placed beside a cordless mouse, an mp3 player, a keyboard, and a webcam.", "A tidy desk is covered with Apple products and pamphlets. "]
["A man looks somewhat blurry on bike as others look on. ", "Two men walking through a living room with a woman on the couch.", "Man riding his bicycle across a living room.", "A partially blurry photo of some people in an apartment.", "A man rides his bike in a room while a person sits nearby and another stands behind the sofa. "]
["There are three computers are on the desk.", "A desk cluttered with three computers on it.", "A glass desk with monitor, keyboard and laptop.", "A group of computers is shown with one showing a screen.", "a work station with computer monitors and a laptop"]
["A woman sitting on a couch using a laptop computer.", "A woman sitting on a couch with a laptop as a cat looks on.", "A lady sitting on a couch using a laptop in a living room.", "A lazy sitting on the coach with her laptop.", "a woman in living area with cats and a laptop."]
["an old keyboard sits next to some headphones and a mouse", "A computer keyboard, mouse and headphones are made out of wood. ", "An old keyboard with a mouse and a pair of headphones sitting on a desk. ", "A very old and dirty keyboard and attached mouse.", "An old stained computer keyboard and mouse on a table."]
["A brick fire place with a painting on top of it.", "A large brick fireplace is in a living room.", "A living room with a large brick faced fireplace.", "Brick fireplace in a white and brown living room.", "A very big brick fire place in a living room."]
["A glass coffee table sits in the middle of a living room.", "The two couches have pillows on them in the living room. ", "A room that has two couches and a glass coffee table in it.", "a living room with couches and a glass table.", "This living room is packed tightly with furniture."]
["A monochrome room with a fireplace and living area", "A black and white picture of a living room ", "a room that has all kinds of furniture in it", "A living room with a fire place and lots of furniture.", "A living room with furniture, area rug and a fireplace."]
["A balding man with glasses, standing near a bridge.", "A man holding an object in his left hand on top of a bridge.", "A man poses for a photo in front of the bridge.", "A man with glasses standing with a cell phone in his hand on a bridge", "a male in a black shirt a cellphone and a bridge"]
["There is an image of a tv and a chair in the living room", "A small dining room table, sofa chair and boxed television set.", "A living room with a chair table and wooden shutters", "Living room with a television set and red chair.", "A very clean and modern living room with TV on a stand."]
["a dog by a couch in a living room", "A dog is standing in a living room on a throw rug by a fan.", "A dog standing in a den with a couch, chairs, table and television.", "A black dog in a living room with a hardwood floor.", "The dog stands near a living room coffee table. "]
["Colorful room with two bouquets of flowers on a table.", "a bright neon pink couch in a small living room with flowers", "A living room with couch, chairs and a table.", "A pink and white couch in a dinning room area. ", "A living room furnished with a bookcase couch table and chairs."]
["A house filled with windows and a platform.", "an empty room with so many glass windows", "APPEARS TO BE A HOUSE UNDER CONSTRUCTION WITH LOTS OF WINDOWS", "A bare house is newly under some construction.", "indoor shot of a living room in an empty house with lots of windows"]
["A woman kitboard on the ocean next to other kite boarders.", "Girl kite surfing and flying above the ocean", "A parasurfer is riding slightly above the water.", "A WOMAN IS ON THE WATER SKIING HAVING FUN", "A woman in the air while kite surfing on water."]
["A crowd of people standing on a beach flying kites.", "THERE IS A WOMAN SITTING O THE BEACH SAND ", "A large number of persons flying kites on a beach.", "many people on the beach flying their kites", "A group of people on a beach preparing to paraglide."]
["A group of people flying kites in a blue cloudy sky.", "Man people fly wind boarding kites on the beach.", "Many people who are flying kite on the beach.", "Many kites are flying above the beach near an ocean. ", "Several kites soar near the water at a beach."]
["A lush green field with people flying kites over it.", "Several people flying large kites in a park.", "a field filled with people flying a bunch of kites", "A grass field with people flying kites in the sky.", "People in the park are flying interesting kites"]
["A group of people standing around a field flying a kite.", "A dragon kite is flying in the air.", "A small group of people fly a large seahorse kite in a vast city park. ", "People are flying a sea horse kite in a field.", "A group of people standing in  a grassy field"]
["People on different parts of the beach flying kites. ", "A group of people are flying kites on a beach.", "Two kites being flown on a sunny beach", "Flying kites along the ocean shore is a relaxing hobby.", "a couple of kites fly through the blue sky "]
["THERE IS A OWMAN THAT IS HOLDING A STUFF TOY IN HAND", "a person wearing black holding a stuffed animal ", "A man holding a teddy bear that has two different faces.", "A man is holding a two toned teddy bear.", "A man standing in a kitchen holding a white and red teddy bear."]
["there sky is many different colors like a rainbow", "A street scene with people on the sidewalk and a kite in the sky.", "a person standing by a fence playing with a kite", "Some people on the water flying a kite in the sky.", "A group of people on pier next to fence with kite in sky."]
["This kite is flying in the air while three people are watching.", "Several people watching a kite being flown high above them.", "Two tourists watch a kite flying through the air.", "A man and two women watching a kite flying.", "Lookers outside that are looking at a kite fly."]
["A group of people standing on a beach flying a kite.", "Two kids are flying a kite on a beach with a man.", "A man and two children fly a kite at the beach.", "Father and two children on the beach, watching son fly a kite.", "Some people on the beach fling a kite together."]
["People on a beach with a kite flying in the air.", "People on a beach play with a kite. ", "Black and white photograph of people flying a kite on the beach", "Flying a kite at the wide open spaces of the beach.", "A black-and-white photo of people at the beach."]
["Top down view of a group of people and their gliders.", "Windsurfer kites are seen from above the beach.", "A group of people standing around parachutes on a beach.", "An overhead view of people on a beach.", "An overview shot of people on the beach."]
["A yellow and black parasail lying on the beach.", "A person is on the beach with a parachute and another person is skiing on the water and flying a parachute. ", "A man kitesurfing while a man sets up a kite on a beach.", "a person on a beach with a large kite ", "A man riding on top of a kiteboard in the ocean."]
["Man flying on a parasail over the ocean.", "A man in pants and a shirt goes parasailing in the ocean.", "A man engages in an adventure sport above a body of water. ", "A man wind surfs high into the air over a calm ocean.", "a man at the beach who is parasailing"]
["some people standing on a hill with a kite flying above ", "A group of people standing in the sand with a kite.", "Some people are flying a kite on a brown hill.", "Five people watch a kite as it flies over a sandy hill.", "A few people standing on top of a hill flying a kite."]
["A refrigerator that has many pictures and magnets on it.", "A small old style fridge covered with many magnets.", "A white refrigerator freezer covered in lots of pictures and magnets.", "A white refrigerator that has magnets all over it", "A white refrigerator in a very small room."]
["A crowd of people flying kites on a field.", "A lush green field full of people flying kites.", "A bunch of people in a big grassy field.", "a sparse crowd flies a kite in a field, with ocean and clouds in background.", "Many people standing in a large, open field flying kites."]
["A man sitting on a cement block and kites flying in the air. ", "A park setting where a business man is sitting down on a marble slab", "A man sits on a cement ledge near a kite.", "The people are flying kites outside by the steps.", "People sitting outside along a concrete wall on a sunny day."]
["A teddy bear laying on top of a bed with lots of pillows.", "A bedroom with a large teddy bear on the bed", "a teddy bear lying on the pillows on a bed ", "A stuffed bear has been placed on the pillows of a bed.", "A made bed with a teddy bear placed in the middle of the pillows."]
["Man and woman posing in front of a colorful kite.", "Couple displaying multi colored hang glider in green grassy field.", "a man and woman hold a large kite", "an image of two people that are each holding kites", "2 people stand in a field holding up a huge kite"]
["A woman walking down the sidewalk at night in a city", "A woman that is standing on a sidewalk.", "A women who is walking down the street at night.", "a woman walking beside a brightly lit window", "A girl walking on the sidewalk at night."]
["Professional baseball player getting ready to swing at a pitch.", "Adult men playing baseball in front of a crowd.", "a base ball player in a batters box", "A shot of a batter and umpire at home plate waiting for the ball to be thrown.", "A baseball player preparing to swing the bat. "]
["Boy wearing shorts and flip flops holding a bat.", "Small boy holding a bat above his head on a cobblestone street. ", "Black and white photo of little boy with bat raised up.", "A young boy holding a baseball bat while standing in front of a building.", "A young boy taking a swing at a ball"]
["A baseball player holding a bat on top of a field.", "A group of men on a field playing baseball.", "Three men are playing baseball on the field.", "a baseball player gets ready to see a pitch ", "Some players in action on a baseball field."]
["Three people with a baseball equipment standing in an open area.", "Three boys in street with baseball gear next to a building.", "Three children who are holding baseball equipment. ", "A group of kids are standing together holding baseball gloves and a bat.", "Three children waving to standing on a baseball field."]
["Big Ben clock tower towering over the city of London.", "A clock tower is in the distance as a bus crosses a bridge.", "a tall tower wit ha clock on top near a large body of water", "an image of a bridge at night in london", "The waters of the river are calm underneath a bridge."]
["A nighttime view of a clock tower across a river.", "Big Ben stands tall over a body of water. ", "The Big Ben clock tower sitting over a bridge in London.", "A view of London with the \"Big Ben\" clock tower in the background. ", "A river close to a city with a clock on the tower"]
["a blue and white vase and some blue and white wall hangings", "A blue and white vase sitting in front of pictures on the wall of the same design.", "A trophy on top of a pedestal on top of a glass case.", "A vase is sitting on a pedestal in a room", "A set of blue and white china ornaments."]
["Men on a baseball field with the batter holding the bat sideways.", "a baseball player holding a bat on a field", "Three members of the Rays baseball team on the baseballs field.", "Baseball players are on the field in front of the scoreboard.", "A professional baseball player is holding a bat."]
["A pitcher is warming up while the other team watches.", "A green baseball field full of lots of players.", "A college baseball game with three players with bats in their hands.", "A baseball game at a busy stadium on a sunny day.", "A baseball game in progress in the open air."]
["The baseball player in the orange jersey is swinging a bat.", "a baseball player swinging a bat at a ball", "A baseball player swinging a bat over home plate.", "A baseball player takes a big swing at the ball", "A baseball player swinging a bat at home plate."]
["An older man is holding a baseball bat while pointing.", "A series of photos holding baseball bats on top of a field.", "Three image collage of a man doing a hand gesture.", "Three different shots show a man with a baseball bat making hand signals.", "Three images of a man with a bat show three stages of his hand gesture."]
["A group of men playing a game of baseball.", "A group of men on a field playing baseball.", "Baseball stands with people in it behind an active baseball game.  ", "A man throws a ball as the other player with bat waits to hit", "A baseball player taking a swing at a baseball"]
["Three baseball players getting their picture taken by a man.", "The baseball players are posing for a picture.", "Baseball players are posing for a picture on the field.", "A group of baseball players poses for a photographer.", "Several baseball players pose for their photo to be taken."]
["a woman holding a tennis racket approaching the net", "A professional women's tennis match about to begin", "A picture of a person in a tennis game.", "Two women at a tennis match with camera men.", "A female tennis player walking up to the net "]
["A woman standing on a tennis court raising her racket", "A women holding up a tennis racket .", "Woman playing tennis and smiling with racket in the air on tennis court", "A woman is playing tennis on a professional court.", "A woman on a tennis court holding a tennis racket."]
["A woman standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A woman holding a tennis racquet standing on a tennis court.", "A tennis player returns the ball with a backhand.", "A lady taking a swing with her tennis racket.", "Woman getting ready to hit a ball on a grass court."]
["A beautiful woman holding a tennis racquet on a court.", "A couple are on a tennis court preparing for a game", "A man and a woman with rackets on a tennis court. ", "A man and woman holding tennis rackets standing on the tennis court. ", "there is a man and a woman playing on the same team in tennis"]
["A pizza in a pan on top of a stove top oven.", "A pizza in a rectangle pan with cheese, mushrooms and green leaves.", "A pizza with cheese and spinach in a baking pan.", "A cheesy dish in a baking pan with mushrooms and basil on top.", "Fresh basil leaves give added flavor to any pizza."]
["A man is holding up a tennis racket", "A man with a tennis racquet about to hit back hand", "A tennis player playing tennis on the tennis court. ", "A man holding a racquet on top of a tennis court.", "A man rared back with a tennis racquet on a court."]
["A lady jumping after the ball at a tennis match.", "The woman in white outfit swings the racquet at the tennis match.", "There is a female tennis player playing a tennis game", "A female tennis player playing a game of tennis.", "Lady reaching high to hit a tennis ball."]
["A plate topped with pizza in two different pictures.", "Two plates filled with pizza are sitting on the table.", "a buffalo chicken pizza is sitting on a paper plate and then it appears that someone ate it.", "The before and after of someone eating their lunch. ", "Two different shots show piece of pizza at different stage of consumption. "]
["A tennis player hits a ball on a court during a game with a stadium audience behind him.", "a blue and green pro tennis court  and a game going on", "Man playing tennis on a blue tennis court.", "A tennis player hitting the ball with his racket on a tennis court.", "As a tennis player is hitting the ball a bird flies toward the racket."]
["Two tennis players with rackets playing in the court as people watch", "The men are playing tennis on the court. ", "A couple of people that are standing on a tennis court.", "two men playing doubles tennis in a stadium", "a man is playing tennis on the court with a friend"]
["A man is hitting a tennis ball with his tennis racket.", "A man hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.", "Professional tennis player serving the ball with extreme reach.", "Player returning ball during volley at tennis match.", "A man hitting a tennis ball on the tennis court "]
["A computer desk topped with two laptops and office supplies.", "An extremely cluttered desk space with multiple computers and piles of papers.", "This photo displays a messy desk that has two laptops on it among many other things.", "The contents of this desk space include two laptops, a lava lamp, books, paper, and other small objects.", "A huge desk with two computers, a lamp, and a television."]
["A desk with three computer monitors, stacks of books and a phone.", "a desk with 3 montiors, a lot of books and a keyboard on it", "A trio of computer monitors on stacks of books on a desk.", "A set of three computer monitors sitting on top of a desk.", "A desk with computer monitors, a phone, and stacks of books."]
["A desktop computer monitor sitting on top of a desk.", "Two computers on a desk by a bookshelf.", "A desk with a laptop and a desktop computer on it.", "Work space with elaborate set up with laptop and computer.", "A computer desk with a desktop and a laptop."]
["A laptop computer opened on a desk with a screensaver", "A laptop and a computer are on a table.", "A lap top open with a blue spiral desktop.", "A laptop has a picture of a blue swirl on the screen.", "A laptop and a computer on a desk. "]
["A pair of scissors and some fabric rest on the table", "A pair of scissors sitting on the table, with a red ribbon next to it.", "Red handled scissors with red tissue and ribbon", "A pair of scissors, red tissues and a pink ribbon.", "A pair of red scissors rests next to wrapping supplies."]
["A group of people sitting next to each other .", "a trio of people playing with a laptop and a tablet", "People are sitting on a bench writing or using electronic devices.", "Several people work independently while seated next to each other.", "A group of people sitting on a bench holding a laptop, notebook and tablet."]
["A large clock tower siting next to a tall building.", "A black and white photo of union station that has a clock", "an image of an old train station building", "A large clock tower stands in the middle of a train station.", "A black and white photo of a union station with a clock."]
["A woman sitting at a table while using a laptop.", "A woman sitting down looking at a bright laptop screen.", "A woman using a laptop with a mouse.", "A woman works at a laptop computer in a darkened room.", "A woman working on a laptop computer on the table"]
["A large screen monitor on a desk hooked up to a laptop.", "A cluttered desk with a farm on the computer screen", "A desk with laptop, mug, paper and a monitor.", "A desktop monitor sitting on top of a table.", "A computer with a farm on the screen on top of a desk."]
["Group of whimsical, colorful artificial flowers in bottles.", "Colorful flowers inside a coke bottle vase on an end table.", "A group of exotic spotted flowers sit in two different vases.", "Arts and craft flowers in glass coke bottles.", "a couple of glass vases with some flowers in them"]
["A young man playing on a laptop sitting in his lap.", "a male in a gray shirt a chair and a laptop", "A man sitting in a chair with a laptop in his lap.", "The person has a laptop on their lap.", "A young man in an arm chair with a laptop in his lap."]
["A man sitting using a laptop computer and other people watching tv.", "People sitting and watching a presentation on a large screen.", "People in a darkened room among several lit screens.", "A person sitting down in front of a laptop.", "People sitting in a dark class looking at MRIs"]
["A photo of a person cutting chicken with scissors.", "It's not unusual to use giant kitchen shears to cut pieces of chicken.", "A foam container filled with food on top of a wooden table.", "The individual is cutting the food with scissors. ", "A prson has tongs and scissors to cut food at a table."]
["a plate of food that is on a table", "Delicious pastries and coffee are served on a plate.", "Pastries and coffee on a plastic tray on a table", "Two pastries and a coffee sit on a table.", "A tray with a cup of coffee and some bread on it."]
["Man in formal attire sitting on bench using laptop computer.", "A man in a tuxedo working on a laptop.", "a man in a tuxedo sits at a table and uses a laptop ", "There is a man sitting on a two seat bench in a tuxedo with a laptop in front of him.", "A man in a suit using his laptop."]
["A person wearing glasses while using a smart phone.", "A young woman types a message on her cell phone.", "A person is touching his or her cellphone outside. ", "A person with glasses using a cell phone", "Person texting on a cell phone with a keyboard. "]
["A small employee break room with a table and microwave.", "A hotel room that has a door opened.", "A room with a wooden shelf on top of a hard wood floor.", "A door next to a mirror is open in the room.", "there is a small stand that is in this small room"]
["Large tower with clock on the front of it. ", "a black and white clock on a red building", "a large tower is in front of a clear sky", "A tall building that has a clock build into it. ", "There is a clock tower on the building."]
["A large building that includes a tower with a clock topping it", "A clock n the side of a blue and white victorian style building.", "There is a blue building with a clock tower", "A large  clock mounted on a tower ", "A tenement building next to a church with a clock."]
["three people standing next to rows of stuffed animals at a street vendor.", "People gather around a large selection of teddy bears for sale.", "People going through a large pile of overstuffed teddy bears.", "Man plus animals are hung in one place and people gather them up.", "A group of people looking at stuffed animals lined up in a street."]
["Someone holding a bottle of wine and a glass in his hands, with several other bottles and containers on the table behind him.", "A man prepares to pour something from a bottle into a glass. ", "The man is pouring wine into the glass.", "A man pouring a drink in to a thin tall glass.", "A man pours wine from the bottle to the glass. "]
["A white plate with food next to another plate with food.", "Two plates have a meal prepared on each of them.", "A counter that has plates of food that were served on it", "One plate has an omelet, bagel and hash browns and the other has an omelet.", "Bright yellow omelet sitting on a plate with other breakfast items. "]
["A hamburger and french fries on a plate near two glasses. ", "A plate with a burger and fries on it", "A plate that has a burger and a bucket of fries on it.", "a burger on a plate and a glass of water", "A white plate topped with a burger and fries."]
["A woman with a space shuttle patch checking her cell phone.", "A woman dressed in black is looking at her phone. ", "A woman looking at a table pc sitting on a table.", "A well-dressed woman wearing a Nasa pin looks at her cellphone while sitting in an audience. ", "A woman sitting in a crowd checks her cell phone."]
["A woman is taking a picture of the singer on stage.", "Crowd of people watching a band and one lady taking a picture.", "A woman taking a cell-phone picture of a concert in a crowd.", "Young woman in concert audience takes picture of band with her cell phone.", "A group of people are watching a band as one girl in the crowd takes a picture with her camera."]
["A man kneeling down in front of an oven.", "A man wearing a flannel fixing an oven in a cluttered kitchen.", "A guy bending down in a open oven in a kitchen.", "a man holding something inside of a oven", "A man working on the heating mechanism of an electric oven. "]
["A young man is leaning against a pole while talking on a cell phone.", "A young man rubbing his eye carrying a backpack.\n", "a man looking down using his cell phone", "Black and white photograph of man talking on cellphone.", "A man is walking while using his cellphone."]
["The clocks are built onto two sides of the building.", "A clock tower that contains two clocks with different times.", "A very tall clock tower with a clock on each of it's sides.", "Close up of a clock tower on top of a large brick building.", "The clock tower shows nine forty-five on onside and five twenty on the other."]
["A large building filled with a giant clock tower covered in ivy.", "A steeple with a clock on it and ivy growing on the side.", "A church has a tower with a clock on it.", "A building with a clock on the wall of the steeple.", "A brown brick clock tower next to skyline."]
["An old building with a clock tower in the middle.", "A clock that is on the side of a building.", "The red brick building has a clock tower in the middle. ", "The tower on the building has a clock displayed on it.", "A VERY TALL BRICK BUILDING WITH A CLOCK AT THE VERY TOP "]
["A couple of men sitting down to have a meal.", "Two men type on cell phones at a restaurant table.", "Two men are sitting at a table on their cell phones.", "Two men sitting outside a bistro with cellular phones.", "Two men sit on a patio texting at the table."]
["Smiling girl wearing glasses, with a cellphone up to her ear.", "A woman wearing glasses talking on a cell phone.", "A girl with glasses smiles while talking on the phone.", "A woman standing on a cell phone in a room.", "A girl is holding a cell phone to her ear."]
["A woman in plaid shirt talking on a cellphone.", "A woman sitting in a chair talking on a cell phone.", "A woman sitting in a chair talking on a cell phone.", "A lady with a big tag hanging on her neck using a phone.", "Woman talking on a cell phone in a lobby "]
["A blonde lady holding a smart phone laughing.", "A blonde woman holding a phone is laughing.", "A woman laughs at something on her cell phone.", "A woman with a phone in her hand laughing", "A woman laughing and holding a cell phone."]
["A partially lit Asian person holding a phone  ", "A man on cellphone standing in doorway next to shelves.", "A guy in a brown jacket standing near a sign holding a cellphone to his ear.", "A man is standing in a doorway with a cell phone.", "A man standing next to a sign talking on a phone."]
["A small girl holding a remote control next to an adult.", "A woman and small girl using phones together", "A woman and a young girl checking their devices the same time.", "Woman and little girl looking at hand-held devices", "a child standing usin a cell phone and an adult "]
["Obama speaking to a crowd of Obama supporters.", "People holding cellphones and signs in their hands. ", "the american president is giving a speech to a crowd", "Barack Obama addresses a group of enthusiastic supporters.", "Obama giving a speech for a large audience recording on their cellphones."]
["A hand holding a phone next to a woman in a room.", "a hand holding a cellphone and a person standing wearing a pink sweater", "A person checking their cell phone with several other people in the room.", "Hand holding a mobile phone with a person standing in front.", "A cordless land line phone is all lit up."]
["A bordered photograph of a woman sitting on a love seat with a book in her lap and a phone facing the camera.", "A woman with a cell phone sitting on a couch surrounded by a red white and blue border.", "Woman showing cell phone while seat in comfortable seat.", "A women who is holding up a cell phone.", "A woman sitting on an train seat holding a cell phone."]
["The kitchen area of a RV with the window open.", "A microwave sits above a stove built into the cabinets.", "A photograph of a microwave and cabinets in an RV. ", "Extension cord going through kitchen window of trailer.", "A close shot of a microwave placed on the wooden cabinets. "]
["This is an RV kitchen area next to a tv.", "A kitchen has a cd player built in cabinet.", "there is a television and a black stove in this kitchen", "A kitchen with a television,vcr, oven, stove and a sink.", "Kitchen with TV and entertainment center as sunlight shines through"]
["A woman handling some food by the oven", "A person takes a tray of cookies out of the oven.", "A woman in a gray sweatshirt has a cookie tray in her hand and another on the oven door.", "a woman places a pan of cookies into the oven", "A woman puts some cookies to bake into the oven."]
["this modern urban kitchen has white painted accessories", "Bright yellow walls complement cream cabinets in a kitchen.", "A orange and yellow kitchen with cabinets and a sink, showing a window in the background.", "a kitchen that has a ice box and a sink", "An empty kitchen with a door to the outside."]
["A young boy sitting on the ground next to another boy.", "Two toddlers play with magnets on a refrigerator.", "Two babies that are playing with magnets on the refridgerator. ", "Two young kids playing with letters in the kitchen.  ", "two children  in pajamas playing with refrigerator magnets."]
["The Big Ben clock tower towering over a city at night.", "The spire of a clock tower is high in the sky.", "Tall clock tower as seen against blue setting sky.", "A very tall tower with a big pretty clock on it.", "A large clock tower with blue sky background."]
["Two framed photos of two toddlers next to a lemon and a plant", "A picture of a boy as a baby and toddler. ", "a picture frame a cup with flowers resting on the desk", "A picture sitting on top of a wooden table.", "a picture frame on a desk next to some flowers"]
["A table topped with plates of food and cups with drink.", "The wooden table is covered with plates and bowls of food. ", "Plates, bowls, and forks are sitting on a wooden table.", "A small wooden table with dinner set for three", "A table set for a meal with various foods."]
["Old buildings by a street on a partly cloudy day ", "A large building with a clock tower next to it. ", "a big building with the big ben tower on the side ", "a big building that has a clock tower", "People  gather at a fort clock tower."]
["A breakfast has an omelette and a toasted muffin.", "A breakfast consisting of an omelet, toast and fruit is pictured at a restaurant.", "a breakfast of egg fruit and muffins on a plate.", "A large breakfast omelet, english muffin and fruit", "A picture of a plate with english muffins, an omelet and a bowl of fruit. "]
["A building with a steep sloping roof and five windows.", "A tall building with a clock in the center of it's windows.", "The outside of the front of an old church.", "A building painted brown and white with five windows", "A building with five windows on this side and a small clock."]
["The front of a church with two bell towers.", "The facade of a church with clocks beneath the bell towers.", "A traditional-looking building of some sort during the day.", "A tall church building with two massive clocks sitting on it's face.", "A large antique building with two towers and a clock near the top"]
["The Big Ben clock tower underneath a cloudy blue sky.", "A large ornate clock displaying the time to everyone", "A large clock tower on a cloudy day.", "A close up of a clock tower and a steeple.", "A Gold Framed Clock tower about to strike the time 7:00."]
["The clock tower is an impressive view with the lights at night..                                    ", "A picture of a clock tower tourist attraction lit up at night.", "A sky view looking up at Big Ben lit up at night.", "The angle view of tower with a clock.", "A large tower is lit at night with a clock on it."]
["there is a very tall tower that has a clock on it", "A very tall clock tower next to a ferris wheel.", "Big Ben is a tower that is near a ferris wheel.", "A view of a giant clock tower with a ferris wheel behind it.", "Tall stone clock tower near large ferris wheel."]
["A historical church has an ornate clock face.", "A black and white image of a unique looking building. ", "A tower that has a clock on it.", "A large tall tower with a clock on the top.", "Black and white photograph of clock tower with windows."]
["The Big Ben clock tower towering over the city of London.", "A city with a bunch of buildings and vehicles", "a big clock tower that is by some people", "A busy city street with a large clock tower in the background.", "A clock tower is at the end of a crowded street."]
["A tower clock on top of the building in the city", "A tall, stately tower clock on an old courthouse building. ", "A brick building with a steeple and clock tower.", "A large building has a clock at the top of it", "A brick building with a steeple and a clock on top."]
["A vase filled with pens with fake sunflowers attached on a desk that says \"Visitors must sign in\".", "Yellow daisy like flowers in a vase by a sign in a small office area.", "A visitors desk with a vase with sunflowers in it.", "Vase with floral display on counter at visitors desk.", "Flowers are on an office desk with a sign that states visitors must sign in. "]
["a small vase with flowers inside of it", "A simple vase with a few flowers in it . ", "a vase with some flowers growing out of it ", "A small white vase with some pretty yellow flowers.", "A white and black ceramic vase with yellow flowers."]
["A man in a hat taking a picture of a vase.", "a man with a camera takes picture of a vase ", "The photographer is taking a picture of the vase and flowers. ", "A man taking a picture of a vase next to flowers with a camera.", "A man taking a photo of a plant and a watering vessel. "]
["a bunch of different colored vases on a table", "Glass ornaments with various color fillings on table.", "A bunch of glass vases all in different colors.", "An assortment of different colored glass vases. ", "A variety of multiple colored glass vases on display."]
["The tablet is next to a pair of scissors. ", "A Kindle e-reader laying next to some scissors.", "A small minicomputer next to some old scissors.", "a pair of scissors sitting next to an ipad ", "a kindle sitting on top a covering with a pair of scissors"]
["A man and baby are by an oversize teddy bear.", "A man and a baby posing next to a large bear and cub", "Two teddy bear statues outside on the field.", " a man holding his baby standing next to a giant teddy bear with its baby", "A large gray bear with a smaller bear on it's lap."]
["A woman rests against pillows as she uses a laptop.", "A girl is sitting on a couch with two laptop computers.", "A young lady is on the couch with two laptops. ", "A woman sitting on a couch with two laptops open", "A woman that is sitting on a couch next to two laptops."]
["a young girl swinging with her teddy bear", "A little girl and her teddy bear swinging.", "A little girl on a swing with her teddy bear.", "A little girl in a pink shirt, white pants and white shoes sitting in a swing with her teddy bear.", "a little girl sits on a swing with a stuffed animal "]
["A little kid that is eating some food on the table.", "a young child sitting on a table with two plates in front ", "LITTLE GIRL SITTING AT A TABLE HOLDING A NAPKIN TO HER FACE", "An adorable little girl sitting at a black table.", "A little girl sitting at a table wiping her mouth with a napkin."]
["A table with cups, a plate with cheese and tomato and a platter of bread.", "a number of different foods on a table ", "A table with two iced coffees, bread, cheese and tomatoes. ", "A meal at a table that is ready to be eaten.", "Food and drinks that have been placed on a table."]
["A plate with hash browns, bacon, sausage, eggs and tomato next to coffee, milk and orange juice.", "A table set for two with a lot of food", "A breakfast of sausage, eggs, tomato, and bacon", "A table with a coffeepot, a plate with breakfast food, two cups of coffee and utensils.", "A breakfast looking out of a hotel room."]
["There are people who are getting their food.", "A canteen with self service counter where young boys and girls having meals.", "A view from above of a lunch counter at a community center.", "An overhead shot shows people gathering around a buffet. ", "A large family cooking and eating a meal together."]
["LADY SITTING AT A TABLE IN A RESTAURANT WITH PLATE OF FOOD", "A woman in blue shirt sitting next to a plate of food.", "a woman with glasses sitting a a table with a plate of food and beverage in a glass", "An old lady with glasses with a plate of meat and a glass of water beside it", "A lady sits in a restaurant with a plate of food in front of her."]
["Someone putting sauce on a taco while wearing gloves", "a person holding a bottle liquid an squirting it on a tortilla", "A man making a burrito on top of a counter top.", "A person arranging food on a tortilla and pouring sauce over it.", "person preparing food a dish on wooden countertop"]
["two women sit at a table, one just took a slice of pizza. ", "two women wearing glasses are eating pepperoni pizza ", "Family time have a large pizza and cool drinks.", "Two women eating pizza in front of a wooden wall", "a woman sitting at a table playing with a partially eaten piece of pizza"]
["A man and a woman sitting at a table with a child.", "Family with young child enjoying a meal at a table.", "Couple with child sitting at a table in a restaurant.", "A couple and their son eating dinner at a restaurant.", "a couple with a child sitting at a table and smiling for the camera"]
["A glass of wine on a wooden table.", "a glass of dark wine on a table", "A wine glass a third full sitting on a table.", "A partially drank glass of red wine sits on a wooden table.", "A wooden table with a tray of food and glass of wine."]
["a person waits by a sign for something maybe a bus", "A person standing on the sidewalk next to a sign.", "A person with a backpack standing on the sidewalk near a street sign and fire hydrant.", "Black and white photograph of someone with a backpack under a street sign", "A woman standing next to a fire hydrant wearing  a backpack."]
["A man that is holding an umbrella in the grass.", "A man smiling while holding a green umbrella", "A man with a fowhawk holding an umbrella in his left hand.", "People are out for a day of fun in the sun.", "A man with a mohawk walking under an umbrella in the sun"]
["A conference room is packed with people sitting at their laptops.", "Several business people sitting with laptops at a conference.", "A meeting with people sitting at tables with laptops on. ", "People sitting at desk in front of their laptops. ", "Long tables filled with people using laptops "]
["A person hiking up the side of a snow covered hillside.", "A man hiking up a hill with skis in his hands.", "A man skiing up a large snowy mountain. ", "a man that is on some kind of snowy trail", "A person who is walking up a snowy hill."]
["A stove top with lots of pots and pans.", "a stove that has some pans on it", "Kitchen with wok and prepared food on counter top. ", "An assortment of pans and bowls of food in a kitchen.", "a couple of pans and bowls on a table"]
["A man and two women are standing beside an airplane.", "Two women and a man strike a pose as an airplane sits behind them.", "The people are posing for a photo out of an airplane. ", "a couple of people that are next to airplanes", "Three people are pictured outside of a smaller airplane."]
["A man who looks like two face with a creepy smirk on his face.", "A picture of a man with suit, tie and serious face on the left side and wild hair, a smile, and a T-shirt on the right side.", "A picture of a  man with distortions ", "A very well dressed man making a funny face.", "A man with a tie and purple hair."]
["A man in a blue shirt talking on a phone.", "Man standing in front of door talking on his cell phone.", "a indian man standing on a corner with a blue shirt on holding a cellphone", "A man of Indian descent holds a cell phone to his ear", "this man looks very confused about his phone conversation."]
["The kitchen has some of the best antique fixtures.", "a large kitchen with an island and tile floors", "A stove and a counter in a room.", "some black cabinets in a large home kitchen", "Old and empty industrial kitchen with large stoves."]
["A kitchen with lots of clutter a door with a large window.", "A kitchen with a back door to the backyard.", "A decorated kitchen area with an exterior door.", "A kitchen large green hanging plant and a door.", "A small kitchen with a sink, refrigerator, counter space and an outside door."]
["The organized kitchen of a busy family in a suburban home", "A small kitchen with cupboards, an island and fridge.", "A messy kitchen with a refrigerator with lots of magnets on the door and a center island.", "A kitchen has a stainless steel refrigerator and other appliances.", "Cluttered kitchen with light colored cabinets island and fridge."]
["A cook sanding between two women inside of a kitchen.", "A man in camo pointing at the ceiling", "a guy in blue camo in a kitchen teaching girls how to cook", "The soldier is talking to an attentive student.", "three people in a kitchen area with a table with bowls"]
["a teacup on a saucer with a little biscuit next to it ", "A cup with something to drink in it and a slice of bread. ", "A cup of coffee with a small piece of melba toast on a table.", "A cup of hot cocoa with a biscotti on the plate beside it. ", "A cup of cappuccino sitting next to a bread stick."]
["Young man holding a tennis racket while standing in front of a fence.", "Man hitting a ball with a tennis raquet.", "A man is swinging to hit a tennis ball", "There is a man in motion playing tennis.", "A guy swings a tennis racket near a fence. "]
["A kitchen with lots of wooden cabinetry and a stove top oven.", "A beautiful wood grained kitchen that's ready for use.", "An empty kitchen with wood cabinets, a chrome stove, and dishwasher. ", "A kitchen with stainless steel appliance and wooden cabinets and flooring.", "A kitchen area with a stove, sink and dishwasher."]
["A man is cooking food at an island with wine glasses and bottles with women watching.", "A man preparing food in a kitchen next to two other people.", "A man cooking in a kitchen with a couple people watching.", "A chef plates some food as two women look on. ", "Three people on the table with wine bottles and glasses"]
["Two women in street holding scissors and papers.", "Two young ladies standing in the sun with papers in their hands.", "One woman with face makeup holds scissors, the other woman smiles. ", "A girl in face paint holding scissors stands next to a smiling girl on the street.", "two girls wearing black shirts standing in front of a building\n"]
["A group of men standing in front of a bar having a conversation.", "Restaurant staff taking a break near the bar.", "Several men having a conversation at a restaurant.", "Three workers at a restaurant visiting with each other and customers.", "Three chefs talking to each other at a bar."]
["A view of a kitchen sink, knives, hanging cups, and wine glasses.", "white kitchen sink with white coffee cups, wine glasses and knives", "Several white cups are hanging on hooks in a kitchen.", "A kitchen has white cabinets and teacups hanging from a board.", "a kitchen sink with several white mugs hanging on the wall."]
["a kitchen with an electonic device above the sink ", "A kitchen sink with a faucet next to a set of cooking utensils.", "A big sink in a kitchen with windows at night.", "a double kitchen sink below  double windows", "A kitchen sink is shown with a marble finish."]
["A microwave oven sitting on top of a blue table.", "A microwave in a kitchen with various objects on or around it.", "A kitchen with a small microwave with a bowl and some fruit on top of it.", "A microwave sitting on a small table with a bunch of items on it. ", "A kitchen scene with focus on the microwave and oven."]
["A man in a wetsuit is holding his surfboard on the pier. ", "a male surfer and a woman are standing on a pier", "A surfer posing for a photo with  his board.", "A surfer is holding his surfboard on the boardwalk.", "A couple of young adults with a body board at the beach."]
["A kitchen sink sitting underneath a large wooden window.", "a kitchen sink sits in front of a window ", "A window over a sink in a kitchen.", "A window with so Michael light coming inside", "A clock that is hanging on a wall above a window."]
["A man waving a red flag at cows in the road.", "Cows walking along a street with a man and a red flag.", "a man walks a herd of animals down a street ", "A man walking with a herd of cattle down a street.", "That car may not be able to get around the cattle in the road."]
["A lady holding up a pot roast while posing for a photo.", "A woman holding a pan of various vegetables.", "a person posing for a photo holding a container of food", "A woman holding oven mits is holding a dish of meat and vegetables.", "A woman holds a dish with food in it."]
["A banana that is sitting in a bowl on the table.", "A bowl containing several bananas is on a counter.", "A bunch of bananas sit in a bowl on the counter.", "A bunch of bananas are sitting on a wooden plate.", "A wooden bowl filled with bananas on top of a counter."]
["A man taking his picture in the reflection of a microwave.", "A man holding a pirate coffee cup in his right hand.", "A man holding a mug decorated with a pirate skull and crossbones taking a picture of himself in a mirror.", "a man is holding up a mug and taking a picture", "A man taking a selfie in his microwave reflection of himself and coffee cup."]
["Two people are standing fairly close in a kitchen.", "Two people in red shirts standing in a kitchen.", "two people in a kitchen preparing food ", "A man and a  woman are busy in a kitchen, facing different counters.", "a lady in red shirt cleaning up kitchen"]
["a man in red and plack sleeping on a park bench", "A man in a red shirt and black pants resting on a bench. ", "a person laying on a bench in front of a fence", "Person dressed in black with red shirt laying on a bench.", "A MAN LAYING DOWN ON A PARK BENCH WITH A FENCE AND STATUE IN THE BACKGROUND "]
["Man on a bicycle riding on the road next to a river.", "A man peddling a bike along side a lake on the road", "A person bicycles along the edge of the road overlooking the river.", "Portly bicyclist proceeds along the highway beside a shallow river.", "a person riding a bicycle near a river of water"]
["A bathroom is photographed with a fisheye filter.", "A bathroom with a shower, toilet, and sink.", "A person took a picture of a bathroom from the doorway", "A cream colored bathroom and black countered sink.", "A bathroom with a shower curtain over the tub next to a white toilet."]
["A man is in a black and white public restroom.", "A person and a sink in a small room.", "A man taking a picture of himself in the bathroom.", "Young man with chin beard in public bathroom looking over his right shoulder. ", "The man is taking a photo of himself in a public restroom. "]
["A white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a toilet paper roller.", "A bathroom toilet with a phone on the wall.", "A bathroom has a phone by the toilet.", "There is a phone on the wall next to the low toilet.", "A bathroom with a white toilet next to a wall that has a mirror on it and a phone on it."]
["a bathroom with a toilet sitting next to a sink ", "A white sink and toilet in a room.", "A bathroom with a mirror, sinks, toilet and toilet roll.", "A bathroom that has a toilet sink and mirror in it.", "A bathroom with a toilet next to a sink."]
["The bathroom counter is nicely decorated and organized.", "A decorative sink sits with flower designs and blue walls.", "A tidy bathroom with a sink and mirror", "Colorful sink in a bathroom area with toiletry items on it. ", "a bathroom sink two baskets and a towel"]
["A red bicycle with a basket on front next to a train.", "A red bike is leaning against a blue wall", "The bike is parked next to the broken down bus.", "A bicycle leans against a standing train car.", "a bike that is parked next to a building"]
["Two men walking down a street by a blue bicycle.", "A man and a boy walk a bicycle along a tree-lined road.", "two people walking with a bike near by", "Two men walking with a bicycle on street next to trees.", "Two men walking with bicycle on road with trees. "]
["A white toilet sitting in a bathroom under a white cabinet.", "The toilet is surrounded by rock on the wall.", "A toilet sits in a bathroom under a cabinet. ", "A toilet in a bathroom in need of repair.", "A white toilet in a small bathroom with stone walls."]
["a bathroom with a toilet and a sink and a bath tub", "A bathroom with sink, tub and toilet black and white", "a bath room with a bath tub a sink and a toilet", "This bathroom has a sink, toilet, bathtub, and shower.", "A small bathroom has a white tub, sink and toilet with a wooden lid."]
["A bathroom with an enclosed shower door next to a toilet.", "A bathroom with orange walls, a toilet and a shower stall.", "The small bathroom with toilet and shower stall is visible through the open doorway.", "A bright yellow wall in a bathroom adds appeal to a white tiled floor.", "A bathroom with a strange round shaped toilet."]
["a bathroom simply designed with pale neutral tan colors", "A bathroom with the toilet seat up beside the counter.", "A bathroom that has a towel rack over the toilet.", "The seat is up on a toilet in a white bathroom.", "A warmly colored bathroom sits unoccupied in fluorescent light."]
["A bike leaning against an unmade and dirty bed.", "A bicycle beside a bed in a small room.", "A messy bedroom with a bicycle parked by the bed ", "The bike is parked in the messy room by the bed.", "A bike parked next to a bed in bedroom."]
["A person digging in the sand near a bike", "A person in plaid jacket next to bicycle on a beach.", "A person investigates the sand beside a bicycle at the beach.", "a man kneels next to a parked bike ", " A person that is kneeling in the sand near a bike."]
["A man looking at himself through the mirror. ", "A man is staring at his reflection in the mirror. ", "a man taking a look at himself in a look in a little mirror ", "A man standing in front of a mirror.", "A man is taking his picture in a mirror."]
["Colorful post notes are placed all over the bathroom and shower walls.", "A bathroom with glass shower door with notes posted everywhere.", "A bathroom with records and cd's in the shower stall and liquor above the toilet. ", "A colorful bathroom with a bottle of whiskey above the toilet. ", "A bathroom with orange post its everywhere, a bottle of liquor, book, shower and toilet. "]
["A bathroom that has over flooded with water. ", "A bathroom that has a toilet with the lid up.", "a room with a toilet and tiled wall inside of it ", "A bathroom that has been flooded with yellow water.", "a bath room with a toilet and a urinal "]
["A group of people walking down a walkway.", "Several people are standing around watching a band perform on stage.", "A crowd of people are gathered outdoors on the street.", "A crowd of people at an outdoor concert.", "A group of people that are looking at some musicians. "]
["A bathroom with a large tub next to a sink.", "A bathroom with large faux marble tiles and a built in bathtub.", "a black bathroom in someones house with a tiny tub", "A bathroom laid in gray marble looks cold and uninviting. ", "Bathtub in a very fancy stone tiled bathroom."]
["A white toilet sitting next to a sink near a red wall.", "Most of the walls in the bathroom are painted red.", "An inside view of a red walled bathroom.", "A bathroom with colored walls, a toilet, a sink, a tub and a mirror.", "the clean bathroom is painted red and white."]
["A man bending down next to a bicycle.", "A man cleaning the parts of his bicycle.", "A man checks his bicycle for damage before riding it.", "An elderly man tending to his bicycle repairs.", "A man checking his bicycle petal wearing flip flops."]
["Cars going down the road, someone on their bicycle, and people walking", "A street filled with cars and a man riding a bike.", "A man with a backpack on trying to cross the street on a bicycle.", "A man on a red bike about to cross a busy street. ", "a couple of cars that are going down a road"]
["A bathroom sink under a mirror and lights.", "Small bathroom sink with long series of lights on top of it. ", "A bathroom scene with focus on the sink and mirror.", "A white sink sits in a long narrow bathroom.", "Bathroom with sink and mirror next to hallway. "]
["In what country do they allow bicycles on a passenger train?", "A couple of bikes in the back of the inside a train.", "a couple of bikes are next to some seats", "A woman looking back while on a train in front of some bicycles.", "two bike and helmets on a moving bus with lady in the front "]
["A shelf in a bathroom holding liquor and a book.", "There are two books is on a shelf in a bathroom along with a bottle.", "The bottle of liquor and red book sip atop the counter of the bathroom", "A book and other items are on a shelf over the toilet.", "a bottle of whiskey in the bathroom above a toilet"]
["The container on the sink is holding flowers and a toothbrush. ", "a tiled wall sits with a sink and a tooth brush holder ", "A bathroom counter with a toothbrush holder with flowers.", "a toothbrush holder is sitting on top of a bathroom sink", "A  bathroom sink with a tooth shaped toothbrush holder"]
["a room showing a toilet and a bathtub", "a bathroom with tiled walls and tiled floors, a double sink and a double window.", "A bathroom with a sink, window, toilet and tub in it. ", "The bathroom is clean and ready for us to use. ", "A purple bathtub that i s near a purple toilet."]
["A man standing in a bathroom not wearing a shirt.", "A shirtless man looks into the camera, back to a mirror.", "Man with fluffy hair smirking into the camera.", "A man topless with a mirror and towel on wall.", "A man with facial hair and no shirt looking sideways."]
["A man is holding an umbrella beside a truck.", "A man is walking by a truck holding an umbrella.", "A man walking past a truck with an umbrella.", "Black and white image of man with an umbrella on a city street.", "A black and white picture of a man with an umbrella standing in front of a truck."]
["A man and child near a short stop sign.", "A man and a small child in front of a stop sign.", "a person holding a stop sign with a young child near by", "A baby is walking by a low stop sign in the city.", "A man and young child walk on the street next to a stop sign."]
["Large adult cat lying in white sink in residential bathroom.", "An orange cat laying in a sink with his paws on the edge.", "A cat sitting in a sink in the middle of the bathroom.", "THERE IS A CAT THAT IS SITTING IN THE SINK ", "A light yellow cat is sitting in a bathroom sink. "]
["A park bench in front of a porch in a green grass filled park.", "A park bench casting a shadow on a path. ", "A bench sits on grass overlooking the street.", "A bench in the shade on a grassy area.", "Wood and metal bench in grassy area beside busy street."]
["Two wooden benches sitting on top of a lush green grass covered park.", "Two wooden benches are next to one another near a busy street.", "two benches near a tree under the shade", "There are benches on the grass under the tree.", "Benches line a grassy area under trees with cars nearby."]
["Two park benches sitting in grass under dappled sunlight", "Two benches with the sun coming down on them", "To park benches sitting on the grass next to a tree. ", "A couple of park benches under the shade of a large tree.", "two park benches in a park looking out over the parking lot"]
["A bus driving down a road by a building.", "A bus is passing by a large building.", "A city bus driving over a bridge under an overpass", "A large passenger bus leaving a wooden bus station.", "Blue and green bus coming out from under a building. "]
["A red car sitting on to of a black boat.", "A red vintage car atop a black barge in a canal.", "The houseboat has a car in its garage.", "An old fashion red car is parked on a moving boat. ", "An old fashioned red car on board a boat on the water."]
["Two toilets that are sitting on a tile floor.", "Two toilets real close together in a bathroom.", "A public restroom with two toilets and grab bars.", "A couple of white toilets in a room.", "Two toilets in a public restroom with disability bars."]
["An orange cat laying on the seat of a motorcycle", "A large orange tabby cat is laying down on a motorcycle seat.", "a cat resting on a the seat of a motorcycle", "A cat lying on the seat of a motorcycle", "A yellow domestic cat sitting on the seat of a motorcycle."]
["Two motorcycles parked in a grassy area next to a tree.", "A group of motorbikes are parked in a forest.", "Mopeds are parked in a grassy area beside a tree.", "two motorcycles parked next to each other on a green grassy area next to a tree and shrubbery.", "Three small motorcycles parked in a wooded setting."]
["Three motorcycles parked next to a motor home.", "Three motorcycles sitting next to an RV in a parking lot.", "Three motorcycles parked near a recreational vehicle.  ", "Three motorcycles parked on the side of a trailer. ", "a trio of motorcycles parked next to an r.v."]
["A bathroom with a sink, toilet and shower bathtub combination.", "A bathroom with vanity, sink and toilet, but empty walls.", "A bathroom complete with a tub, toilet, and sink.", "Picture of a three piece bathroom that is all white and beige.", "An empty bathroom with a toilet, bathtub and sink."]
["A woman is seen cleaning a perfectly white bathroom.", "A smiling woman in blue cleaning a white bathroom", "A woman cleaning a bathroom and looking back at the camera.", "This woman is scrubbing a sink in a bathroom", "The woman in the blue dress is at the bathroom sink."]
["a public bathroom with a toilet and hand rail", "A public bathroom with support bars and a toilet.", "Public bathroom has handicap accessories around the toilet.", "Instructions for proper toilet use and handrails hang on a wall above the toilet itself in an empty stall.", "A toilet has a handicapped  bar behind it."]
["A photo of a restroom containing two toilets.", "Two toilets facing one another with privacy barrier.", "Two toilets facing each other in a bathroom", "Two toilets facing each other in a restroom", "a bathroom with two toilets in front of one another"]
["A toilet in a room with a broken wall.", "A grisly bathroom features rotting walls and an old yellow curtain and toilet.", "a bathroom with green tile and a toilet", "A white toilet in a small dirty bathroom.", "A bathroom with green tiled walls and a toilet."]
["A toilet is sitting amongst things have been abandoned.", "The toilet is discarded on the side of a building near an old book shelf. ", "A toilet sits outside near a brick building and broken shelf.", "a white toilet is sitting by a brick wall", "White toilet sitting outside in front of a brick building. "]
["this is a clock on top of a tower", "Clocks are brightly lit on a huge tower.", "A tower with a clock is displayed in the evening.", "The top of a steeped church building with clocks and small windows.  ", "A picture of a church tower during the day."]
["A view of a table with a bunch of cakes and tea on it.", "i table filled with cups and a plate of food.", "A table topped with  lots of food and drinks.", "a white table with sandwiches and cups of tea and people and sivlerware", "A table with a plate holding several sandwiches, tea cups and condiments. "]
["A pile of different types of vegetables on top of each other.", "This image is one a salad with broccoli and red peppers.", "Salad of broccoli, red peppers, green onions and cheese on a green plate.", "The salad is colorful and looks appetizing and plentiful.", "A colorful vegetable salad is in a green bowl. "]
["A motorcycle parked next to a black truck.", "A black and white motorcycle with flags on it parked in a crowded lot.", "A motorcycle in a handicapped parking spot in a parking lot with many other vehicles. ", "a motorcycle in a parking lot along with many other cars", "Motorcycle in a parking lot with other motor vehicles."]
["A clear glass bowl filled with fruit on a wooden table..", "There are bananas, lemons and avocados in the bowl. ", "A bowl of banana's, oranges and guacamole sitting on a table.", "A bowl of fruit and vegetables containing bananas, grapefruit, and avocados.", "Fruit and vegetable displayed in glass container on table."]
["A glass bowl filled with different kinds of fruits.", "A bowl of fruit sitting on a table ", "A glass bowl of fruit on a table. ", "A glass fruit bowl sitting on a wood table", "A etched bowl with lemons, bananas and avocados."]
["A group of women standing next to each other in an office.", "A bunch of women celebrating a woman's birthday in an office building.", "A bunch of woman clapping around a birthday cake.", "some women are standing together by a desk", "A group of asian women are gathered around the cake"]
["A celebration with cake for Navy members stationed in Thailand", "Two military guys cutting a cake in half.", "Two men holding a knife on the cake next to people. ", "A pair of Navy officers cutting a cake together at a banquet, surrounded by officers and civilians.", "Several people posing while cutting a large cake."]
["Red hot water cooker, bowl of fruit, bananas, cereal and a sliced orange sit on a white tile kitchen counter tip. ", "A bunch of sliced bananas in a bowl on a cutting board", "A bowl of fruit and cereal with some slices of fruit next to it", "Assortment of fruits displayed in bowls and cutting board in kitchen.", "A bowl with cereal and bananas is on a cutting board with some orange slices."]
["A ripe banana bleeding with a razor blade stuck in it.", "A long banana is displayed in bright yellow colors.", "A banana with the peel cut off spouts blood.", "A banana with a razor blade in it made to look like an operation.", "a bloody banana with a clamp attached making it ooze red juices"]
["A man sanding next to a brick oven filled with fire.", "A man standing next to a wood burning oven.", "A cook standing next to an outdoor brick oven.", "A man standing outside of a brick oven adding wood", "a man standing next to a brick oven ."]
["A man riding a motorcycle down a road with a POW - MIA flag.", "A man and a woman on a motorcycle with a flag on the back.", "A man and woman ride by on a motorcycle.", "A man and woman are riding a motorcycle with a flag on the back.", "Two people on a moving motorcycle, with a POW/MIA flag on the bike."]
["A man stands next to a motorbike on some pavement.", "A man standing in front of a motorcycle on a driveway.", "A man poses next to his motorcycle in a vintage picture.", "A man is posing with his motorcycle in the driveway.", "A man standing outside next to a motorcycle."]
["There's an outdoor dining area featuring a fountain. ", "A table sitting next to a water fountain covered by an umbrella.", "An empty restaurant patio with tables and umbrellas.", "An outdoor restaurant with a fountain at night", "A fountain bubbles in the plaza of an outdoor cafe."]
["Motorcycle rider rides a rocky trail in the forest.", "A motorcyclist with protective gear is going through the woods.", "A man is getting ready to take off on his dirt-bike. ", "A motorbike riding off road through jagged terrain.", "A person on a motor bike riding through a forest."]
["A person that is riding a dirt bike. ", "A man riding on the back of a motorcycle.", "A person that is sitting on top of a dirt bike.", "a guy that is on a bike on a road", "The person on the dirt bike is wearing a blue jump suit."]
["A young man riding a bike through a trail in the woods.", "Guy wearing outdoor gear and riding a bike in a forest area. ", "A man trail bike riding in a wooded area along a marked path", "A person riding their mountain bike off road.", "A man is riding a motorbike in a thick forest. "]
["A child with a helmet on a motor bike.", "a girl sitting on the seat of a motorcycle", "a child sits on a old fashioned motorcycle", "A young girl poses for a photo on a motorcycle.", "Little girl sitting on an old parked motorcycle."]
["A very nice looking scooter and some bikes parked by the road.", "Someone parks their motor scooter along with the bikes.", "A motor scooter parked on the sidewalk by bicycles with the front wheel missing", "There are bicycles parked along a stone sidewalk.", "A  street view of a bunch of bikes and an old moped."]
["Indians ride tandem on a motorcycle through a busy street.", "Two people riding a bicycle together down the street", "A man on a motorcycle on a crowded street.", "Two people on a motorcycle, riding down a street with other people walking on the side of the road.", "A man rides a motorcycle with a girl on the back."]
["a train with open doors at a terminal.", "The London Subway is empty with both doors open.", "The doors of an underground train are open.", "An open train on both sides at a station.", "The metro just pulled up and its doors are open awaiting passengers."]
["A backpack next to a television and a gaming system.", "A backpack sits on the floor beside a television with a YouTube sticker on the screen.", "The older tv is sitting next to the baby seat.", "A backpack sits next to an older-model television that has the \"YouTube\" logo attached to the screen.", "A baby car seat and a tv set on the floor."]
["some monitors and different electronic boards and controllers", "A monitoring system with screens and controls. ", "Interior view of control room for television with numerous devices and controls", "There is a control room with several boards and screens.", "A control panel sitting up against a yellow wall."]
["A TV inside of a bathroom mirror next to a light.", "A photograph of a television screen on a mirror.", "Someone projecting a video onto a bathroom mirror.", "A mirror in a hotel bathroom that has a TV embedded in the glass.", "A person taking a picture in a bathroom. "]
["A group of police officer standing in front of a red bus.", "Three bikers by a red bus on the street.", "A big red bus by some people on motorcycles.", "some men on bikes are passing a red bus", "Parking officials are riding beside a red bus. "]
["Plane in the sky flying sideways all by itself.", "A small airplane is flying high in the air.", "An airplane flying through a cloudy sky on it's side..", "A propeller powered plane making a turn in the sky.", "A World War II plane doing flips in the sky."]
["A brown plane is parked at air port", "The older airplane is parked in the parking lot.", "A small airplane parked on a small tarmac", "an older model airplane sitting still on a air field", "A small propeller airplane sitting on top of a tarmac."]
["A jumbo jet airplane in flight on a sunny day.", "An airplane jet flying through the air against a blue sky.", "a plane with its lights on flying in the sky", "A large passenger plane is flying high in the sky.", "A passenger plane opens its landing gear in the air."]
["A tall yellow building next to a traffic light that's green.", "a photo of a big yellow building is under construction", "A building under construction has a traffic light next to it and an airplane flying overhead.", "A building with a airplane flying high up above it in the air.", "A view of a traffic light, and an airplane flying over a building."]
["A group of traffic lights sitting above an intersection.", "The sign shining down over the street lights", "A picture of a stoplight from a window.", "The sun surrounded by an airplane and traffic lights ", "Several street lights and an airplane flying overhead."]
["An intersection and three sets of traffic signal light.", "An airplane flying in the air behind some traffic lights and traffic signs.", "Various traffic lights below a plane in the sky.", "A jet high in the sky above a city intersection.", "The sun is brightly shining on an intersection and a plane flies in the background."]
["A large passenger jet sitting on top of a tarmac.", "Three large windows at an airport are looking out to the runway.", "An airport terminal looking out windows at a parked plane.", "Looking through windows into the run way of an airport.", "A window with a view of an airplane on a runway."]
["A sky view looking at a plane in the sky.", "A large airplane flying through a cloudy blue sky.", "A plane flying through the dark clouds into a blue sky.", "An airplane is flying in the sky at sunrise.", "A plane flying through the sky containing many clouds"]
["A couple of giraffe standing next to each other.", "two giraffes are in their pen and a building", "Two giraffes are walking within an outdoor enclosure.", "Pair of giraffes walking in open area of enclosure.", "The two giraffes are walking side by side"]
["this is a bench out near a field", "A bench sits next to a sidewalk adjacent to a street. ", "An empty bench along a sidewalk in neighborhood.", "A black bench that is by a sidewalk on a street.", "an empty bench sitting on the side of a sidewalk"]
["a traffic light on a pole on a side walk", "A traffic light sitting on the side of a road.", "The lights of an electronic traffic signal are glowing at night.", "A traffic light is lit up near a crosswalk.", "A traffic light sits on on the side of the road"]
["Two giraffes on the grass in a fenced area.", "Two giraffes are standing side by side outdoors. ", "Two giraffe are walking close to a brick building. ", "Two giraffes walking around their pen at the zoo", "A giraffe is walking in front of another one."]
["Two giraffes in a outdoor shelter under a net.", "There are two giraffes standing with one another. ", "The giraffe  is tall  and it have  big spots on them ", "A couple of giraffe standing next to a tree.", "Two giraffes standing outside while people watch them"]
["there is a bench on a very high hill or mountain", "A bench in the grass overlooking a city. ", "a park bench looks over a city view", "A bench sitting on a hill overlooking a small city.", "A lonely wooden bench has a view of the city. "]
["a plane flying high above the earth ", "A cloudy sky and an airplane wing with its tip up is flying by.", "An airplane wing in the air with a lot of clouds. ", "A view of a plane wing flying over and land mass.", "An airplane flies in the clouds far above the ground. "]
["The wing of an airplane over a large area with mountains.", "The wing of a plane flying over a mountainous range.", "A picture of the snowy mountains is shown from the plane.", "Airplane wing mid-air with snowy mountains and sky", "an aerial photo of the jets wing and snowy mountains"]
["A street sign near many cars at a stop.", "a traffic light a street sign and cars stopped", "Yellow street sign for bicyclists on a busy city street. ", "A red car is behind a blue car at a yellow traffic light.", "Image of cars sitting at an intersection with a bicycle warning sign."]
["Park with grass, chair and bird on sidewalk.", "A small bird on the ground and a chair.", "A bird standing on the concrete next to a green grass area.", "A bird is standing in an empty parking lot, in front of the lounge chair. ", "A bench is shown on the pavement next to the grass."]
["A bird is perched on the arm of a bench. ", "a small bird sits on a wooden bench ", "A little bird is sitting on a park bench.", "a small bird perches on the back edge of a wooden bench.", "A bird perched on the back of a wooden bench."]
["A green traffic light on a post with street signs", "The overhanging intersection stop light has turned green. ", "A traffic light that is green and a couple of signs on the post.", "A green traffic light sitting next to a street light.", "This is an image of a streetlight on green."]
["Traffic signals and sign on pole at roadway intersection.", "A picture of a sign on a traffic light in front of trees.", "A traffic light with a no turn sign on it.", "A traffic light with a \"No Turn On Red\" sign under. ", "A set of two street lights with a no turn on red sign"]
["a hard covered book whose binder has fallen off placed on a table", "A book sitting on top of a wooden table.", "A torn black book laying on a table.", "An old book has a picture of a sheep.", "A vintage school book has a sheep drawn on the cover."]
["A lone giraffe is walking around his enclosure", "a giraffe is standing in a large pin", "there's a giraffe in an encasement by Itself", "A giraffe in a pen at the zoo.", "A view looking down into a very big enclosure with a giraffe,"]
["A kid giraffe standing near a wall while staring.", "A baby giraffe in an enclosure looking up.", "The baby giraffe stands next to the wooden wall.", "A small giraffe that might be inside a home. ", "A very young giraffe is pictured indoors. "]
["A dog with his leash attached to a bench", "A dog on a leash attached to a wooden bench.", "a small dog tied to a bench on a leash", "A young dog is at the picnic, with their leash tied to a wooden bench nearby to one of the picnic tables.", "a dog tethered to a wooden bench with a leash"]
["a bus on a city street next to a traffic light", "A passenger bus that is driving down the street.", "A bus driving down a street next to a  traffic light.", "A bus parked at the corner of a street near a cross walk.", "A big red bus on a street with some traffic."]
["A man in a fedora sitting on a park bench.", "A man in a hat sits on a bench", "A man with a fedora on sitting on a bench.", "A man in a fedora sits on a bench.", "an image of a boy on a bench with a hat on"]
["A traffic light with a blue sign underneath it", "A red traffic light is above a blue arrow sign. ", "A stop light under a blue tarp with a sign under it pointing up.", "A very close up view of some signs and signals.", "A sign pointing up next to a stop light"]
["A yellow traffic light above a street next to houses.", "A street scene of an intersection with a street light.", "A stop light hanging over an intersection in a residential area.", "A traffic signal at an intersection is suspended on wire.", "A street intersection with a traffic light over it."]
["two public transit buses on a city street ", "A picture taken at fast speed of a city scene.", "A couple of double deck tour buses caught in motion on street.", "There is a lot of traffic on this street in the city this time of night.", "A city street at night line with street lights."]
["A family of giraffe standing next to each other.", "Three giraffe in an enclosure; one of them is a very small animal.", "A couple of giraffes are standing in a corner", "A giraffe eating a piece of a leaf by a tree.", "A mother, father and baby giraffe standing together. "]
["A yellow school bus filled entirely with dogs.", "A school bus with a stop sign is filled with dogs.", "Several dogs on a yellow school bus with a stop sign below the window.", "A school bus with dogs sitting in the seats.", "A yellow school bus filled with dogs in seats."]
["A girl chatting with a mother goat while her baby goat looks on.", "2 people sit in the hay along with sheep.", "Two women are sitting in hay with two sheep.", "A woman sitting in a pile of hay with an animal.", "two people sitting near sheep on hay "]
["A giraffe in front of a field of sheep.", "The tall giraffe is standing alone in the grassy area.", "A giraffe that is standing in a field.", "the picture is of a girrafe out in the wild", "A misty photograph of a giraffe standing in a green field"]
["A giraffe that is standing in the grass.", "The giraffe is standing alone in the field.", "A giraffe standing in the grass in the woods. ", "a giraffe standing  in the middle of lots of foilage", "A giraffe standing in the green brush looking at a tree."]
["A woman walking down a flight of stairs.", "A young woman walking down the steps of a narrow alley", "A woman walking down a narrow stone stairway.", "A woman is walking down a stairway which is located between two buildings.", "A lady is walking down a tall narrow set of steps alongside a building."]
["Two giraffes that are standing together in a field.", "two large giraffes that are looking around outside", "two tall giraffes in the forest gazing around", "A giraffe stands next to another giraffe next to foliage. ", "A head and neck of one giraffe and only the neck of another."]
["A very long red bus driving across a parking lot.", "An articulated bus in a parking lot in a large city", "A very big red city bus by a big building.", "a red bus that is parked next to a building", "a long red bus is parked by a building"]
["Two giraffes move around in an enclosure next to some trees.", "Two giraffes stand by two trees in a fenced area.", "two giraffes in a field next to many trees", "A couple of giraffes eating leaves off the tree branches in an enclosed pen area.", "A couple of giraffe standing next to each other on a tree covered field."]
["People at a bus stop waiting on a bus.", "a bus pulling up in front of a bus pick up spots ", "A group of men waiting for a bus at a bus stop.", "Men waiting a bus stop as a bus approaches ", "Commuter bus near bus stop with passengers waiting."]
["A group of giraffes in a grassy area by fences.", "Google giraffes next to each other inside a fenced in area. ", "Several giraffes linger near a large wooden building", "a couple of giraffes are sitting in a pin", "several giraffe sitting and standing in a fenced in area."]
["A giraffe walking across a lush green field.", "A giraffe walkinf during the day near a wood fence.", "A giraffe walking in the grass near a fence.", "A giraffe walking on a grass field with fencing a trees behind it.", "A young giraffe standing in an open field."]
["People walking in the dirt where buses and vehicles are parked.", "A group of buses parked in a line in a dirt parking lot.", "People walk near the many parked tour buses.", "A group of people walking past a row of buses", "A row of busses in dirt area with people standing around."]
["A country road with a street light and signage", "A web road next to a river in a valley", "A country road covered in rain next to a river.", "a narrow road near a river of water", "A car is stopped at a traffic light on a road next to a river."]
["a couple of giraffes walk next to a stone wall ", "Two giraffes among a wall of rocks and trees.", "Two giraffes are walking near a rock wall", "Two giraffes walking in front of a stone structure.", "2 giraffes standing in front of a rock wall."]
["Two giraffes standing near each other in the zoo. ", "Two giraffes standing under a tree in front of some large rocks.", "Two giraffes stand under a tree that is missing most of its leaves.", "Giraffes in a zoo enclosure walk around a tree.", "a couple of giraffes that are standing next to each other"]
["A stop sign and other signage at the corner of a street.", "There street is lined with parked cars on both sides.", "some street signs and a fire hydrant on a city street", "A fire hydrant under a stop sign at an intersection.", "A stop sign next to a fire hydrant on the curb of a road."]
["A large silver double decker bus driving down a street.", "A double decker bus is in traffic on a busy street.", "A double decker bus driving down a crowded street", "A large bus and car on a city street.", "A large bus carrying several passengers drives through a busy part of town"]
["A bench is surrounded by grass and a few flowers.", "a bench on a field of green grass ", "A concrete bench in a park near some white tulips.", "A stone park bench sitting in an empty green park.", "A stone bench under a tree in the park."]
["Two wooden benches with a tree in background.", "Dilapidated bench leaning against tree trunk in park", "A dilapidated bench in a park under a tree.", "old wooden bench rotting and falling apart along a walkway", "A broken park bench in front of a tree trunk."]
["A bright red fire hydrant is in the grass.", "A lone, red fire hydrant sits in green grass.", "Red fire hydrant in a grassy field with a dog far away,", "A lone red fire hydrant stands firm among the green grass.", "Closeup of a fire hydrant with fence in the background."]
["a close up of a bench with a dog laying on the ground", "A tan dog laying next to a park bench.", "A brown dog laying on a concrete sidewalk.", "A brown dog is laying by a bench.", "A large brown dog laying on the floor next to a wooden bench."]
["A red fire hydrant on the side of a street.", "A fire hydrant is beside a curb, bushes and a tree.", "A water hydrant on the sidewalk with plants nearby", "there's a red fire hydrant among some gravel and bushes", "A very cute bright red fire hydrant by some bushes."]
["A train pulling into a station with a red bench seat.", "A train platform with a  red bench on it", "a train on a train track  at a train station", "A train on tracks approaching a deserted train depot.", "A train is pulling into a station stop with red benches."]
["The dog is outside barking at the sheep.", "A herd of sheep are chased by a dog.", "A very cute dog herding a bunch of sheep in a fenced area.", "A herd of sheep being chases by a dog.", "A dog running behind a herd of sheep."]
["A couple of goats and a goose in a green field moving about.", "The sheep is standing near a goat and a duck. ", "Goats and geese standing near each other in howling pen.", "a goat laying down between a lamb and a duck", "One sheep watches the other sheep as the duck looks on"]
["a person sleeping on a side walk near a fire hydrant ", "A man laying on top of the street near a fire hydrant.", "A man is sleeping on the street near a hydrant.", "A man that is laying down near a fence.", "A man in blue shirt laying on sidewalk by a fire hydrant."]
["A couple of animals that are walking around the grass.", "Two giraffes in a field standing next to each other and looking in the opposite directions. ", "Two giraffes standing side by side in the wild.", "Giraffes standing in a field of dry grass.", "Giraffes stand together in the grass in a field. "]
["A boat that is on the sand and people nearby. ", "a small boat resting on a beach with birds flying above", "A group of birds flying above a beach.", "A boat sitting on dry land on a beach.", "a boat is sitting out of the water at the beach"]
["a little cat house in the yard with a kitty sitting in it. ", "A cat sitting in a bird house out in the snow. ", "A raised dog house with a  dog inside in a yard covered in snow.", "From inside a cat house, a cat watches a bird. ", "A snow covered hill with a bird house."]
["Vehicle traffic in an uban area during winter.", "A bus is traveling at night on a non busy street.", "some people a bus and cars a street lights and buildings", "Buses, cars, and few people on a busy street at night.", "A large bus and some people on a street."]
["there are two very tall giraffes in this zoo by the water", "two giraffes in the middle of a field next to a city scape ", "a couple of giraffe standing in front of a large city.", "A city in a distance from giraffes standing. ", "Two giraffes that are standing in the dirt."]
["A window that looks out onto an intersection with several shops.", "THERE IS A WINDOW WITH PEOPLE WALKING DOWN THE STREET", "A view of  city street at dusk though a window.", "A street scene taken through a window with people on the street.", "A window view shows a rainy street outside."]
["Double decker bus with dancers advertised in the side", "A double decker bus advertises the Rockettes Celebration.", "A double decker bus driving past a lot of tall buildings.", "A city bus with an advertisement is moving along a city street.", "The bus has picture of woman dancers on it."]
["A construction sign sitting in the middle of a road.", "A open city street filled with bright lights.", "A blurred night highway near a lane closed sign.", "A street view, taken at night, containing street lights and traffic signs.", "A curved roadway with markers and a sign at night."]
["A red double-decker bus sits in a parking lot.", "A red, double-decker bus sits in a parking lot.", "A large red double decker bus parked in a parking lot.", "A red double decker bus is parked outside.", "A red parked bus on the city street parking lot"]
["A traffic sign next to a road near a river.", "Picture of three road signs, pedestrian/bicycles, up/down arrow sign, and no bicycling sign on a street.", "An additional sign has been hung to prohibit bikes yet another way would have been to replace the original sign.", "This is a road sign that says no bikes. ", "We are looking at a car going down the road."]
["Two very large birds pose outside on white chairs, side by side", "Two birds standing on the armrests of two chairs.", "Two peacocks standing on the arms of two wooden chairs.", "A couple of birds sitting on top of white chairs.", "A regular patterned and an albino peacock sitting on chairs across from each other."]
["A tall street sign hanging from the sides of a tall metal pole.", "The famous corner of Haight and Ashbury in San Francisco ", "A traffic light is at an intersection of a neighborhood.", "Street sign Haight and Ashbury with houses or apartments behind it.", "The streets signs at the intersection of Haight and Ashbury."]
["The four pink sheep are moving away from each other.", "Sheep that have been painting bright pink in dirt.", "A herd of pink sheep standing and laying on top of a dirt field.", "A small group of sheep have been dyed pink.", "FOUR SHEEP HAVING PINK COLORED FUR IN THE GROUND."]
["A colorful cuckoo clock with the clock hands at six o'clock.", "A brightly colored clock mounted on a white wall.", "A clock decorated in the style of a cuckoo clock.", "A colorful cuckoo clock on a wall with a Hansel & Gretel design", "A colorful cuckoo clock displayed on the wall."]
["A coo coo clock with colorful art painted on top of a clock.", "Cuckoo clock ringing in the six o'clock hour.", "A colorful clock with a blue bird hangs on a wall.", "A cuckoo clock with a blue bird figurine above the face. ", "A very colorful clock decorated with a bird and figurines."]
["A green motel sign hanging from a fake cactus.", "A sign above a building that reads \"Westward Ho! Motel.\"", "A sing for a motel sits next to the motel.", "A white building with a green motel sign attached to a cactus shaped sign post.", "A motel with a sign on a post shaped like a cactus."]
["A  single street sign with information regarding parking.", "This sign is a parking meter sign that indicates a time limit of 30 minutes.", "A hand holds a ball in a green sign that sits on a post.", "a sign for what looks like a parking meter.", "A sign depicting a hand with change that reads \"30 min.\""]
["A white and black bird captured in flight.", "A water bird swooping down to the ocean for a catch", "The bird is flying over the water looking for food", "A large bird flying over a foamy wave in the ocean.", "A large bird swoops over the waves of the ocean."]
["A person in short shorts walking up a do not enter bridge.", "A person walks down the side of a road under construction.", "A woman in teeshirt and shorts walking along a road.", "a woman is walking past a red sign", "A girl walking down a street in shorts "]
["a giraffe in a field with another in the background", "A giraffe is seen in this black and white photo.", "A giraffe in captivity stands within the walls of his enclosure and looks at the sky.", "A black and white photo of a giraffe stretching its neck.", "A giraffe looking straight up while in a zoo exhibit."]
["A street sign on top of two one way arrow signs.", "A light pole has four street signs at an intersection.", "A street pole is loaded with different signs.", "a group of street signs on a pole next to some trees", "Several street signs hand on a pole as a brick building stands in the back ground near some trees."]
["A large green gate sitting in front of a red brick building.", "A sign \"Mace Street : E2\" on posts three feet high in front of a gate in front of a one story building.", "A street sign in front of a gated parking lot area.", "We are looking at a street sign on two posts.", "A green gate that has a sign in front of it."]
["A couple of large giraffe in the tall grass.", "Two giraffe standing on top of a tall grass field.", "Two giraffes standing near each other in the grass. ", "two giraffe standing in a grassy area side by side", "TWO GIRAFFES EMBRACING ONE ANOTHER IN THE GRASS"]
["A street sign surrounded by beautiful potted flowers in bloom.", "A street sign hanging with a pot of flowers.", "A street sign for Water St. is seen festooned with flowers.", "Flowers are all around the sign that says Water Street.", "A street sign stating Water St. with flowers underneath."]
["Person with arm wrapped around street sign standing on sidewalk.", "A woman holding onto a metal pole near a street.", " a woman posing by a pole for someone ", "Woman hangs off of street sign pole like she's on a pirate ship looking for land.", "There is a person handing on a street post looking down the street."]
["The bird is perched on a dying flower outside. ", "A photo of a bird sitting in a tree.", "A yellow and black bird sitting on a flower.", "A bird that is perched on a branch.", "A yellow and black bird perched on top of a dead sunflower plant."]
["Two people riding a paddle boat in the middle of a lake.", "Two individuals in a peddle row boat on the water.", "Two people on a little paddle boat paddling across the water", "Two women in a paddle boat in a lake.", "Two people are using a paddle boat on the water."]
["A couple of red umbrellas sitting outside of a small brick building.", "A green and white street sign and traffic light next to a building.", "A city corner has a small store with umbrellas.", "A pedestrian stop light on a city pole", "Everyone is by the red umbrellas on the corner."]
["A pile of bananas sitting on top of a white table.", "There is a bunch of bananas sitting in the middle of a desk.", "A desk with a globe, lamp, pencil container and a bunch of bananas.", "a desk with bananas, a instrument case and a globe sitting on it.", "A stack of bananas sitting next to a violin case on a table."]
["Three large turkies are walking through the dirt.", "A group of three birds sitting on top of dirt.", "three obese fowls stand on a dirty area next to a grate on the ground.", "A bunch of birds that are standing in the dirt.", "Three fat birds stand next to a metal grate. "]
["A large black bird wings spread flying over the woods", "a brid flying thru the air with a sky background", "an eagle flying along across a blue sky", "an image of bird  flying in the air above water", "A bird flies over the ocean and hunts for prey."]
["A man walking with two elephants out side.", "A couple of men riding on the backs of elephants.", "Couple of guys on the back of two elephants while another stands on the ground", "A man walks by as two people are riding elephants", "a man is sitting on an elephant while another man watches"]
["The little girl poses with her dog for a photo. ", "A little girl and her dog pose in front of a lake while dressed up for the 4th of July.", "A child and her small dog are dressed patriotically near the water's edge. ", "The girl and the dog are decorated in red, white, and blue.", "A little girl and her dog all dressed for the Fourth of July"]
["A large two layer cake elaborately decorated with a train..", "Happy 1st Birthday cake for Lucas with blue and white frosting.", "A first birthday cake with a train and stars", "Bright blue cake with stars at the top of it sitting on a table. ", "A birthday cake with a Thomas the Train on it."]
["A red, white and blue train next to satellites.", "A train traveling on train tracks by some satellite dishes and houses.", "A picture of a red and white train traveling in the city. ", "a long red white and blue train going through a city\n", "Several satellites grouped together on stands with a train passing by in the background."]
["a couple of trains sit parked under some power lines ", "A train stopping to wait at the train tracks. ", "A silver train going through a train station.", "A long, silver train leaving the station with several rows of tracks.", "a train that is on a old train track"]
["Two mountain goats standing on the side of a mountain.", "Two rams stand on the side of a snowy hill.", "Male and female rams climb search for food on the side of a snowy hill.", "A ram and ewe on the side of a snow covered incline", "Two bighorn sheep on a snowy hill with brown grass."]
["A traffic light with a picture of a coffee cup underneath it.", "There is a coffee sign below the stoplight.", "A close up of a coffee sign under a stop light.", "A tea advertisement under a stoplight in a street.", "We see a sign for coffee or tee beneath a signal light."]
["Three sheep in a pasture with people standing by the fence.", "Goats play in the grass while spectators watch. ", "Three sheared sheep on grass facing different directions.", "Three little goats attract the attention of a group of people at an outdoor display.", "A herd of sheep walking across a field of grass."]
["A train covered in graffiti traveling down railroad tracks.", "A train with graffiti on the side on it.", "An old abandoned train car with graffiti on it", "an image of a train that has graffiti painted on it", "A train car standing on the tracks with graffiti on the side."]
["Train cars on railroad tracks with graffiti on the side.  ", "A stationary passenger train shows a lot of graffiti.", "An old vandalized train next to a container", "GRAFFITI ON A TRAIN COMPARTMENT AND A METAL CONTAINER PLACED NEARBY.", "A parted out train includes colorful tagging and resting at a wide open lot."]
["A train traveling down train tracks near a forest.", "A long red and silver train on the train tracks.", "A black and silver truck passing under a bridge.", "A train leaving the hub going under some electrical conduit.", "a train riding a train track near trees"]
["Two trains sitting on parallel tracks waiting at a station.", "The trains are traveling side by side on the railroad tracks.", "Two trains that are sitting on train tracks.", "A couple of red trains traveling next to each other on tracks.", "Two trains moving at the same time on opposite tracks. "]
["A man in a suit and top had holds a monacle as two people sitting next to him laugh.", "A well dressed magician entertaining some smiling happy people.", "Two men and a woman sitting at a table laughing together.", "A couple of men sitting next to a woman with glasses.", "Young man laughing sitting between a man using an eyepiece and a lady with glasses."]
["A train with several cars is going around a corner.", "A rusty train in taking a curve in the tracks.", "A train going down the train tracks near a field", "a gray train on its track some brown and green grass", "A train is coming around a curve in the hills. "]
["A woman and child are crossing the street at the pedestrian crosswalk.", "Some people crossing the street by a bright colored sign.", "A sign letting drivers know that pedestrians will be crossing. ", "a lady walking her girls across the street for school", "A person is taking two girls across the street."]
["A close up of a red and black bird on a rock.", "A red crowned bird perched on a rock. ", "there is a very small bird that is on the rocks", "A bird with a red face is standing on a rock.", "a red headed bird is standing on the rocks"]
["A flamingo standing in front of water and plants.", "A group of pink flamingos standing near tall grass.", "Flamingos outside in a very grassy green area.", "a flamingo standing in grass in an enclosure", "A flock of flamingos stands in a zoo."]
["A plate topped with a cake and a hat.", "A baseball cap next to a tray of eaten cake.", "A picked off cake somewhat resembles the original design.", "A penguin cap sits next to a partially eaten cake.", "A BROWNIE CAKE PENGUIN  HALF EATEN WITH A CAP THAT HAS A PENGUIN ON IT"]
["A train yard with carts and tanks on two tracks.", "A very long train on a steel track.", "A rail car switching station with many tracks.", "Trains on a row of train tracks and rows of poles", "Containers line up on a railroad track near electrical poles."]
["A family of ducks floating across a lake.", "A swan in the water being followed by its babies.", "Some small ducks in the water trailing behind a large duck", "A mother swan being followed by a bunch of ducklings", "There are some baby ducks following their mother"]
["A large sign and some cars on a street.", "A city shopping district and its variety of store and gas station signage.", "a market sign sits on the corner of a street ", "many business signs on a city street ", "service station signs cars and a stop light"]
["Two trains riding side by side on two tracks", "Two trains on separate tracks travel through a city", "two trains on train tracks with buildings in the background", "A black and red train are on parallel train tracks.", "Two trains run down the rail side by side"]
["Tourists will find blue signs like this in Great Britain.  ", "The road sign shows that this too far from  connections.\n\n", "A blue sign giving directions to three towns.", "a close up of a street sogn with buildings in the background ", "Street signs point people in traffic in the right direction"]
["A red train engine parked on top of a snow covered ground.", "The red and black train is on the train tracks", "Close up of the wheels on an old train engine.", "A red an black train's wheels on a track.", "a close up of a red and black train on the track"]
["A red and black train traveling down train tracks.", "A old steam train engine painted black and red.", "A photograph of the wheels of a train.", "The red wheels of an old fashioned steam engine.", "A red and black train sitting on train tracks near gravel. "]
["A blue train traveling along a very long bridge.", "A train is on rails over the ocean by a pier.", "A photo of a train traveling over a body of water.", "a train on a train track on a pier ", "A travel train that is coming across a long bridge."]
["A club sign hanging off the side of a building.", "There are stores lined up on the street", "A restaurant sign saying Missoula Club Burgers and Fries.", "a neon sign on the wall for a hamburger restaurant", "A neon sign above a sidewalk promotes the Missoula club building."]
["Two train cars sitting on the tracks with power lines in the backround.", "a red and a white train cab on a rusty train track ", "Two trains that are sitting on train tracks.", "A red train attached a white passenger train on a railway track.", "The red passenger train car is next to a white car."]
["A train is on the track waiting in the middle of the afternoon.", "The front of the large passenger train is green.", "A blue train arriving at a station nearby", "A bright blue train is pulled up to an overhead cover.", "A blue and white train stopped on the tracks at a station."]
["a train on a train track at a station ", "A blue subway train pulls into the subway station.", "A passenger train that is pulling into a station.", "A passenger train pulled up to a covered platform with people standing on the platform.", "A purple train traveling down tracks near a platform."]
["A picture of many brick building and a large sign outside.", "A large white sign with the text Date Street on it.", "a sign saying \"Date Street\" in front of an empty lot in front of some buildings", "a white sign on a couple of poles outside", "A white outdoor street sign reads date street."]
["A white demon hovering next to a red stop sign under a one way street sign.", "A statue appears to look toward a stop sign.", "Odd, almost humorous human figure sticking out from a yellow pole, near intersection with stop and one way signs, night time, with car streaking by and very strong light in the background.", "Altered STOP sign sitting in a growth of vegetation. ", "A strange sculpture being pointed at by a one way sign"]
["A view of cars and trucks parked along side a street. ", "A large asphalt parking lot with a red stop sign.", "And empty intersection with several cars parked along the street.", "A busy street has many cars parked on the side.", "Empty parking lot with cars parked on side of the road."]
["There is a stop sign covered in snow.", "A stop sign in front of a neighborhood covered in snow.", "A stop sign is partially covered on this snowy day.", "The side of a road and stop sign are covered in snow.", "A snow covered street with a red stop sign."]
["There is a rugged mountain past the stop sign,", "The view of a street stop sign with a mountain view.", "The stop sign is posted at an intersection near a mountain. ", "a stop sign in the middle of nowhere", "A stop sign that is standing in the grass."]
["A myriad of stop signs that are black and white and red and white stand clustered together.", "Traffic signs stockpiled with other road construction equipment.", "A large grouping of stop signs beside some construction signs.", "A collection of stop signs in a lot next to construction cones.", "many red and white stop signs and a one way sign"]
["A train traveling through a town next to a blue and white building.", "A train on the tracks in front of Jack London Square.", "A train hauling several carts through a town square.", "A black and grey train passing by building and cars.", "a train parked out side a large train station"]
["A red train is going past a station marked with signage.", "A train engine carrying carts into a station.", "A red train sitting next to a loading platform.", "A passenger train pulling away from an outdoor train stop.", "The red train is parked at the platform near a bench. "]
["A cat rests on the hood of a blue car.", "A cat resting on the hood of a blue car.", "A cat laying on the front of a car.", "A cat lays on top of a small truck.", "A cat is laying on the hood of a blue car."]
["A truck and people on an elefant are travelling down the road.", "two people are riding an elephant and a green and orange truck", "A tanker truck driving down a road with two people riding an elephant on the side of the road behind the passing truck.", "A man riding an elephant on a road with a truck passing on the right. ", "Two people ride an elephant on the side of a road."]
["A very big truck with a bunch of stuff in the back.", "The truck is filled with garbage on the back.", "A yellow transport truck driving down a street.", "There is a truck driving down the street.", "The truck is loaded with wood and other stuff."]
["This work van has green graffiti sprayed on its side", "A cargo van with spray paint all over the back of the truck.", "A white moving truck with green graffiti. ", "This white box truck is covered in graffiti.", "The side of the truck is covered with graffiti."]
["A line of oil trucks driving down a street", "A line up of different trucks driving down the highway.", "Tanker trucks lined up on a snow city street.", "Big tanker trucks lined up on an icy street.", "A tgroup of tanker trucks drive down an icy street in the city."]
["An empty handbag lying flat on a table.", "the bag is laying on its side on the table ", "A black and gold purse lying on a gray countertop", "some kind of purse that is laying down on a table", "The bag has black leather and two straps."]
["A cat looking down at a book. It appears to be reading it.", "A cat sits on a bed and reads a book.", "A cat reading a book in a multicolored bed.", "a black and white cat is looking at a book", "A cat sitting on a bed behind a book."]
["A blue and white truck with pants in it's flat bed.", "A blue truck drives near a crowded diner.", "a truck drives down a street as people walk on the side walk", "a blue and white truck some buildings and people", "A pick-up truck with a Christmas wreath attached to the grill."]
["A person wearing sandels standing in front of a cat.", "A cat sitting in front of a girls feet.", "A calico cat lays on the ground in front of a person wearing brown sandals.", "A cat sits curled with a foot up beside a pair of girl wearing shiny shoes.", "A cat laying on the ground with its leg up."]
["Five cows graze in front of a two store white building.", "Cows grazing in a green field in front of a building.", "five cows grazing in front of a hotel. ", "The cows are eating grass in front of the building.", "A group of cows grazing outside of a building"]
["The side of a cow with an injury visible.", "The cow has a rubber apparatus surgically implanted on it's side.", "A white cow standing with a cut out incision on it's side with a rubber circle around it. ", "A cow with a giant sore on it's side.", "Small hole taken out of the side of a large white cow. "]
["A black and white cow standing inside of a barn.", "A cow is standing in a fenced in farm.", "A cow standing in a barn with a strange circle on its side.", "A Holstein cow with a medical device in her side.", "A cow in a farm yard in a gated enclosure.  "]
["A woman standing next to a cat laying on top of a floor.", "a person in a pink skirt and blue shoes standing in front of a cat sitting on a rug.", "A cat is next to a person in blue tights.", "A cat sitting next to a lady wearing a pink skirt and blue shoes.", "A close up of a cat laying on the rug."]
["A plate of cookies next to a cats tail.", "The gray cat is uninterested in the brown and white cat-shaped cookies.", "A plate filled with cat shaped treats near a cat tail.", "a wooden table with the tail of a cat and a plate of cookies", "An animal's tail is curled on the floor near a polka dot plate with cat shaped cookies on it."]
["A cat laying on top of a wooden cutting board next to a knife.", "A grey and white cat sitting on a cutting board next to a knife.", "A cat resting on a cutting board with a knife", "The cat is neatly placed on the cutting board, but the butcher hasn't started carving it yet.", "Cat sitting on wooden cutting board with knife."]
["A hand holding a piece of cake with a bite out of it in front of a black and white cat.", "A person eating something with a cat on the counter", "A left hand holding a partially eaten pastry with a black and white cat in the background.", "THERE IS A BLACK AND WHITE CAT IN THE BACK GROUND", "an image of a person holding a half eating thing"]
["a cat playing with a stuffed toy on the carpet", "A cat is playing with the toy banana. ", "The grey and white cat is playing with a small yellow toy.", "Cat licking a cat toy with it's tongue.", "A black and white cat chewing on a toy."]
["a cat sleeping on the floor with a little toy", "A black and white cat lays on a wooden floor with a stuffed banana.", "the cat is laying on its side holding a banana", "A cat playing with a yellow cat toy. ", "A cat with white paws and gray coat on the floor playing with a toy banana."]
["A cat on a shelf sitting next to some bananas.", "Small cat sitting on a sales shelf of bananas and avocados. ", "A set of shelves with three bunches of bananas and an orange cat", "a cat is standing on a metal shelf", "A cat sleeping on a shelf in a market."]
["a small child and a group of cows", "A child is standing next to farm animals.", "A small child poses for a picture next to a herd of cows.", "A boy standing outside and tending some livestock.", "A small child smiles and stands beside a large group of livestock."]
["A man with three cows on road next to trees.", "A man holding a stick walks with three cows down a street.", "A man runs with his 3 cattle along a street", "A herder in white walking on a road with his cattle.", "A man walking besides cows down a road. "]
["A calico cat standing on top of an upholstered chair.", "A multi-colored cat sitting on top of a chair by a door.", "Cat sitting on top of a chair near door.", "Cat sitting on back of chair in front of sliding glass door.", "A cat sitting on the back of a chair."]
["A white chair sitting next to a black cat.", "Two animals are standing in front of two chairs.", "Two cats, sitting near a chair and table, looking at something.", "Two cats outside in front of a chair and small table.", "Two cats sitting on a patio next to a white chair."]
["Black cat laying on a chair's cushion staring at something.", "THERE IS A CAT THAT IS SITTING IN THE CHAIR ", "The black and white cat lies on the seat cushion of a chair.", "A black and white cat is sitting in a blue chair.", "a cat lays down on a computer chair "]
[" A sleepy cat stretched out on a fluffy pillow.", "A large gray tiger cat laying on top of a pillow.", "A cat lays out on a blanket on a couch.", "A gray cat is stretched out on a blanket.", "A fuzzy cat rests on a patterned blanket on the couch."]
["a cat sits next to a remote control ", "A cat is sitting on the arm of the couch, looking at the camera.", "A cat sits on the armrest of a couch beside the remote control.", "There is a cat sitting on a couch next to a remote control.", "a cat sitting on a yellow couch near a remote"]
["A cat walking on a bed with several books on it. ", "Black and white photograph of cat and books on a bed.", "a cat that is walking on some books", "A pile of books scattered across a naked mattress.", "There are a lot of books on the bed in the room."]
["An orange truck with some people in back", "People in an orange truck parked near rocks.", "An orange truck with a back filled with supplies.", "A large orange truck with people in the cab and the bed of the truck.", "A group of people sit on the back of a vehicle."]
["A cat is sleeping with his head resting on an electronics box. ", "A cat that is laying down on a computer.", " a cat curled up and laying on a external hard drive disk.", "A cat sleeping soundly with his head resting on a laptop computer.", "A cat is sleeping with its head on a computer."]
["a fire truck with a long crane on top of it ", "A firetruck that is extending out its ladder.", "A fire engine with its ladder is in a parking lot.", "there is a fire truck with its ladder out", "THERE IS A FIRE TRUCK THAT IS PARKED ON THE LOT"]
["A yellow truck that was recently on fire and put out by the fire department.", "Firefighters gather around a badly burned moving truck.", "A tractor trailer near a building with firefighters. ", "Men are standing near a yellow tractor trailer.", "Firefighters putting out a truck that apparently caught fire."]
["Many cows are fenced into the green plains.", "Many cows are seen roaming all over this field.", "The animals look to be walking a one direction.", "There are several animals grazing for food on a hill side.", "THERE ARE COWS THAT ARE WALKING ON THE GRASS"]
["A large cat rests beside a window sill.", "A black and white cat sitting on a window sill.", "A black and white cat sleeping on a windowsill", "A black and white cat sitting on a windowsill ", "A black and white cat sleeping near a window."]
["A kitten walking on the base of a window.", "This is a small kitten on a window sill. ", "A kitten that has crawled inside of an open window.", "a black gray and white cat sitting on a window sill", "A kitten sitting cautiously in a window pane by a bed."]
["A big rig truck in a parking lot without a trailer.", "A semi-truck without a trailer attached to it.", "The cab of an eighteen wheeler in a parking lot surrounded by trees.", "a red and white semi-truck sits in a parking lot", "A large semi truck driving down the middle of a street."]
["Two black cats looking at each other in a window.", "Two black cats in front of a window staring at each other", "Two cats look at each other in front of a window.", "close up of two cats standing close to each other", "Two cats stare at each other in front of the glass door of a porch."]
["A small white truck parked next to a couple of trees.", "A white city truck parked on the side of a street.", "White truck with \"SDOT\" on side door, possibly Washington State license plate.", "A street sweeper driving down a city street", "an image of a white truck parked on the side of the street", "A white street sweeper truck on a road."]
["A large gray tiger cat standing on a table.", "A cat next to a box full of lots of trinkets.", "A grey cat sits next to a shelf covered in nick-knacks.", "A cat sitting next to a table with small figurines on it.", "a gray black and white cat is sitting on a brown cabinet"]
["Man lying on floor playing with cat, in cluttered room.", "A man laying on top of a floor next to a cat.", "a man is laying on the floor playing with a cat", "a cat playing with toy a man is holding", "A man laying on the floor playing with his cat."]
["A truck that has several cars on it.", "A truck is transporting cars to a different location.", "A truck is towing a group of SUVs. ", "A car transport that is loaded up drives away.", "New cars are loaded on the car carrier, ready for delivery. "]
["a truck getting something dumped into it with a sky in the background", "A large white dump truck being loaded with dirt by a tractor.", "A big rig is driving through a construction site. ", "A tractor shovel dumps its cargo into the back of a semi-trailer", "A truck is being loaded using a backhoe."]
["Cat intently watching a TV screen up close.", "a cat watching a news program on television", "a small grey cat is sitting in front of the tv", "A cat stares at the screen of a television set playing fox news.", "A cat is watching tv while sitting in front of it."]
["A cat looks at the camera while sitting on the laptop.", "A cat sitting on top of a laptop on a table ", "A close up of a cat sitting on an open laptop on a table.", "A cat that is laying down on a table.", "A cat is sitting on the keyboard of a laptop."]
["A dog sitting on the side of an area where boats are docked in the water.", "a dog sitting on the ground over looking a bunch of boats", "A dog looking out over sailboats at a marina.", "Dog sitting on embankment overlooking marina with moored boats.", "A dog sits at a marina full of boats."]
["A herd of animals grazing on a lush green field.", "A field with many cows and they're all laying down", "Cattle lying on the grass in a field while birds fly above them.", "A herd of cattle graze in a grassy field. ", "Birds flying over cows in a green pasture.  "]
["three white brown and black oxen are eating ", "A couple of brown cows standing next to each other.", "Some brown and white cows are tied with rope.", "A couple of cows feeding in a pen, they are tied down.", "a couple of cows are standing together outside"]
["A black bull with a man in white in the background.", "a close up of a bull with a truck in the background", "A bull that is being used to carry some items.", "A black bull carrying items and working as a beast of burden.", "An oxen is carrying a load near trucks on a dirt area."]
["A couple of cows standing inside of an animal pen.", "Cow in an enclosure sticking his or her tongue out.", "The animal is sticking his tongue out outside.", "A light brown cow sticking it's tongue out.", "The cows are ready to eat and drink their next meal."]
["A herd of cattle under shade next to a body of water.", "A bunch of animals out on the field.", "an image of cows grazing in the pasture", "Cows graze in a field in front of a lake.", "cows eating some grass in the shade by some water "]
["Antique black and white photograph of two men sitting in a field", "Two men in suits sit posing in a black and white photo.", "The two men are posing for a photo outside. ", "Two men pose for the camera in a black and white photo. ", "Two men sitting on the ground in the woods. "]
["Woman in a white uniform holding a pencil to wall. ", "An interior suggests a sea-going vessel,  and has people facing away, and some letters suggesting a navy t-shirt, and in the foreground, a young woman wearing a headset and other technical gear, who is writing on a vertical surface with neat lines.", "A women with headphones on writing on a glass wall.", "A woman writing on a navy clear wall, in a room.", "A person with headphones and holding a pencil. "]
["People in navy uniforms and one person talking on a walkie- talkie.", "Group of sailors in command center with one talking on walkie talkie. ", "Many members of the navy work while on a ship.", "A crew of sea men commanding a boat from the command center.", "Seamen inside a navy vessel communicate over the radio."]
["Line of black cows eating hay from a hay bale.", "Three black cows in a barn eating grain.", "Three cows in a barn eating food off the ground.", "Black cattle eating feed from a trough outside their stalls.", "This is three cows eating hay from their stables."]
["A set of three neck ties with pictures of dogs and cats on them.", "A collage of featuring a cat and a dog.", "there is many ties with different animals on them", "A bunch of cat and dog neckties displayed with animal attributes labeling them.", "Ties with dogs and cats are on display."]
["A tie that is sitting on top of a shirt.", "This photograph appears to be looking truly wonderful. \n", "a uniform complete with shoes laying on a bed", "Suit laid out with a red tie, white shirt and black shoes.", "a white shirt a red tie and some black shoes"]
["A small set of boats sitting on top of a river.", "Many small boats and houses on the water.", "This is a view of a lake that runs next to some houses and under a bridge", "There are many places to sit and eat by the water. ", "Outdoor scene of blue water surrounded by a small hut and green shrubbery."]
["A boat is sitting in the water at a dock", "A row boat is tied up to a dock.", "A small boat is moored at the dock with rope.", "A boat in the water tied to a dock with rope.", "Red crate being carried on a lift over water. "]
["Many boats tied to the edge of the bank.", "A row of red and green rowboats docked near a bridge.", "A row of red boats next to pier with bridge in background.", "The canoes are waiting to be rented by the shore.", "A bunch of canoes are pulled up to the dock."]
["There are two boats sailing through the water.", "The view of two boats in the water through the window.", "Two boats on the water and trees on the shore.", "THIS IS A PHOTO OF TWO BOATS THAT IS SEEN FROM A WINDOW", "two boats on the water, looked at through a window. "]
["A man stands in a boat near a flock of ducks.", "a man on the water in a boat next to some birds", "A person in a boat in the water with ducks.  ", "a person on a small boat in a large body of water", "A lake of sitting ducks and person in a boat"]
["A girl in grey jacket and tie standing on a street.", "Little girl posing for the camera with an adult sized striped tie on.", "A kid with a tie standing in the street.", "A young girl wearing a necktie and smiling broadly.", "Girl smiles for picture in busy Asian plaza. "]
["A little girl smiling widely for the camera", "Small child standing in the center of a crowd smiling. ", "a little girl wearing a scarf and necklaces smiling at the camera ", "A girl smiles enthusiastically in a crowd of people in a city.", "A young girl smiles with many people hanging out in the background"]
["A street vendor with ties hanging from a rod ", "Neck ties hung from wooden framing in outdoor setting.", "A lot of various ties hanging under a tent.", "very many ties hanged in a room for sale", "Picture of multiple ties of different colors hanging on a rack."]
["A marina filled with boats under a cloudy blue sky.", "a group of boats sitting by the dock waiting to be taken out\n", "Boats at the dock during a beautiful sunset.", "An assortment of different ships and sailboats sits in a harbor.", "Large boats are docked in a harbor under a cloudy blue sky."]
["A group of people that are standing on a carpet.", "A woman stands with two men dressed up/", "Two men and a woman are standing in a 70's photo.", "A black and white picture of two men and a woman. ", "A woman between two men in tuxedos, all standing at a bar."]
["A man and a woman hold each other in this photograph", "A man and woman stand together in evening wear.", "A couple from the 70s are holding each other close.", "A man standing next to a beautiful woman in a white dress.", "A man and woman wearing dance fever attire are embracing one another."]
["A large group of people cleaning up a large mess.", "A group of people that are standing together in the street.", "An open-air festival in India with umbrellas, women in saris, and an ascetic. ", "a large crowd of people are outside with umbrellas", "People living in squalor by a market in India"]
["A group of people with umbrellas crossing a street in cold weather.", "A crowd of people standing on the side of a wet street.", "People holding umbrellas are crossing a street at night.", "people holding umbrells standing around the side of the road ", "A bunch of people carrying umbrellas and are standing at a corner."]
["a man fixes a tie with a button up shirt ", "A man holding his tie, in a professional picture. ", "A young man posing for a picture wearing a white shirt and black tie.", "Professional photo ad featuring man wearing shirt and tie.", "A man modeling wearing a shirt and tie."]
["a balding man in a shirt and tie reaches down in front of a young girl", "A man bending over towards a little girl with a pink shirt on.", "a man and a child sitting on a tiled floor", "A man in a dress shirt and tie leans down to a serious little girl in a pink dress.", "A little girl looking sad while a man leans down beside her."]
["This couple is making a funny face while sitting on a couch", "These two kids make monkey faces for the camera", "The two boys are in monkey-like postures in the teen's room.", "Two young children posing and  making faces at the camera", "a couple of kids are hunching down smiling"]
["a group of men singing at a concert", "A group of young men singing at a concert.", "A group of men standing on a stage in front of a screen.", "A large group of men stand on stage and sing.", "Many me stand on top of a stage with microphones. "]
["A boat traveling across a large body of water near a large mountain.", "A large boat sails out upon the open ocean.", "The end of a boat sailing in a body of water.", "The front of a boat is seen on the water.", "The front of a boat with a view of the ocean and land. "]
["A person holding a microphone near a sailor who is talking to a woman.", "A media person with a microphone speaking to a sailor", "Sailor being interviewed by a woman in a jean jacket. ", "A man in a naval uniform is being interviewed.", "A navy man wearing a uniform next to a young beautiful woman."]
["People sitting on a patch of grass in sand with an umbrella", "Small umbrella in a sandbox shading toy figurines.", "A little drink umbrella is in the sand with a piece of turf.", "A small tropical umbrella sits on a patch of grass at the beach.", "A umbrella that is on a grass mat in the sand"]
["A man in a red shirt holding a drink glass.", "a close up ofa person with a tie holding a cup", "A man from chest up, smiling for camera and holding up a glass in a dark room with strand of multicolored lights up in corner.", "A man holding a drinking glass and smiling.", "a male with a black tie and drink and red shirt"]
["a boat  that is parked up on the land", "A boat with a old house in the background.", "A boat next to a log cabin in a backyard. ", "A man attending to a boat on a trailer.", "A black and white picture of an old boat in front of a house on stilts. "]
["An elephant in the zoo behind a large fence", "An elephant inside a wire fence with people on the other side.", "A man stands next to a very large elephant.", "A captive elephant warily eyes the people watching her.", "An elephant is standing next to a wire fence. "]
["A Chinese couple is posing for a photo. ", "a man in a tie and a woman smiling", "A man and woman smile as the pose together in evening wear.", "A man and a woman standing together and smiling. ", "A man standing next to a woman in a room."]
["The cat fell asleep on the laptop's keyboard.", "A brown and white cat is sleeping on a laptop.", "A cat is asleep on the laptop of his owner.", "A kitty cat that has fallen a sleep on a laptop keyboard. ", "A silver and white cat sleeping on a laptop keyboard."]
["A man in a pink tie next to a woman with sunglasses on her head.", "A man that is sitting next to a woman.", "A man and a woman posing for a picture.", "A man and woman pose for a photograph together.", "A man and a woman smile at the camera."]
["A man wearing a white shirt and tie.", "A man who is formally dressed, is posing for the camera. ", "Young man posing to get his picture taken.", "A smiling young man in a shirt and tie.", "A young man with brown hair wearing a neck tie."]
["A captive elephant bellows from behind the fence.", "An elephant with two tusks inside a fence.", "Baby elephant by itself in a fenced in area with large white tusks and trunk curled up to forehead.", "An elephant peers through a wired fence as far as his tusks will let him.", "An elephant with tusks curling it's trunk upwards, standing behind a fence in the sand."]
["Two empty beach chairs laying on the sand.", "two empty beach chairs one blue and one pink  with an umbrella ", "a beach umbrella on a beach with two lawn chairs", "A couple of lawn chairs and umbrella are on the sand.", "Two beach chairs and an umbrella on a beach."]
["The man wears a nice watch and a colorful tie and cufflinks to complete his dapper look.", "a man in a black suit with a red tie on.", "The well dressed guy is holding his red tie with his left hand.", "A man wearing red and white checkered cuff links", "Watch pokes out from under sleeve as man adjust his tie"]
["The hands, shirt, red necktie and jacket of a man", "A man has a suit and a bright red tie.", "A man wearing a suit and tie pulling on his jacket.", "A man dressed in a dark suit grasping his lapels.", "The torso of a man whose hands are grabbing a suit jacket pulling it away from his tie."]
["Hey man inspecting another man's tie in a social gathering", "a couple of men that have something in hand", "a couple of men are looking at a tie", "A man examines another man's tie while placing an item on the tie.", "A group of highly animated men, one in a suit and tie, the others in T-shirts."]
["Large group of people traveling on a boat with no covering. ", "A boat filled with people floating on the water.", "A boat carrying multiple people crosses the water.", "A long boat loaded with people is going on the water.", "A crowd of people riding a boat through the ocean."]
["BOATS IN A HARBOR SURROUNDED BY BUILDINGS AND A FEW CARS", "A boat dock with many sail boats lined up.", "A group of boats in a harbor docked next to a yellow building.", "Rows of boats docked in the marina ", "Several white boats sitting at a dock near yellow building."]
["An elephant standing next to a smaller elephant.", "An adult and a baby elephant near a bushy area.", "Mother and child are out for a walk in their homeland. ", "An adult elephant sheltering over a baby elephant in a field.", "A baby elephant stands under a larger adult elephant."]
["Two side by side elephants, one with a trunk full of grass, are enjoying a water spray.  ", "a couple of elephants stand on some grass ", "Elephants in large open field feasting on grasses.", "Two elephants are picking up grass with their trunks", "Two elephants are in a field of grass together."]
["A man standing next to a giant elephant.", "A man standing by an elephant that is laying in it's stomach", "A man standing in front of an elephant carrying another person.", "A man stand in front of a woman on the back of an elephant. ", "there is a woman on a elephant and a man standing next to it"]
["a large elephant that has people on its back\n", "A man helping a woman get on top of an elephant.", "A man helping a person get onto the back of an elephant", "One person helping another to get atop an elephant.", "The man helps another person climb up onto the back of an elephant. "]
["A black small dog standing inside of a refrigerator.", "A black kitten in a fridge looking up at butter. ", "A kitten is on the shelf of a refrigerator with various foods and drinks.  \n", "A black cat is standing on a refrigerator shelf.", "A creature explores the inside of a sparse fridge. "]
["A curly haired man standing on the side of the street.", "A guy in a tie stands on the side of the street. ", "Smiling man standing on the street in front of business buildings", "A necktie wearing man with an Afro stands by the street and poses for a picture.", "A man in a dark coat and blue tie stands near a street down the way from several large buildings."]
["Couple in dress outfit standing in front of the white table with books on it. ", "A couple is standing together posing next to a table", "A woman in a white dress and a man in a suit.", "A man and a women who are standing next to each other.", "The bride and groom stand beside a cake shaped like a stack of books. "]
["Obama speaking from at podium at the London Summit in 2009.", "President Obama at the podium at the London Summit 2009.", "African American male speaking at a press conference.", "A man in a suit speaking at a podium at a London Summit.", "The president of the United States giving a speech at a podium."]
["Woman in white shirt next to an elephant.", "A woman standing next to an elephant with her hand on its trunk.", "A women reading a sign next to an elephant.", "A woman standing next to an elephant touching the trunk.", "A women who is petting the trunk of an elephant."]
["The cat is looking for some potential prey.", "A tabby cat laying down in a yellow chair.", "The cat relaxes on a chair by itself.", "A cat sitting on a chair with a pillow behind it.", "A cat sitting on a yellow chair with a decorative pillow.\n"]
["A cat that is laying down on a couch.", "there is a cat that is laying on top of blankets", "A cat has made itself comfortable on the chair.", "A cat sleeping on a large chair in the living room. ", "A cat lays down in a big oversized chair in the living room. "]
["Baby elephant grabs on to branch and brings it near its mouth", "The elephant has a whole tree branch in his trunk.", "some elephants and one is eating some leaves", "An elephant with a branch in its mouth", "A baby elephant eats shrubbery using it's trunk. "]
["People are in a large building with luggage.", "a couple of people are pulling luggage behind them", "A group of people carrying bags of luggage through a lobby.", "People walking through a terminal with tag-along suitcases.", "a number of people walking with bags of luggage"]
["A group of men standing on the deck of ship next to three small boats filled with men.", "A group of military personnel  on pontoon boats entering the water", "There is no picture here to write a description of.", "boats filled with people getting ready to go into the water", "A naval ship with three small boats full of military people."]
["A man kneeling in the grass next to an animal.", "A man is sitting on the ground next to a horse.", "a horse that has a guy near by it", "A white horse standing beside a kneeling man.", "A man that is kneeling in the grass near a horse."]
["A table with chairs and an umbrella sitting on a patio. ", "A white table with chairs and an umbrella.", "A brick patio with white furniture and an umbrella.", "a table made near a forest to rest", "a table with a umbrella sitting on top with trees and shrubbery in the background"]
["A suitcase that is on the ground with some shoes.", "A silver suitcase on a wood floor with a pair of black and white shoes next to it.", "a luggage bag on the ground near a pair of shoes", "A nice shiny suitcase is positioned alongside sneakers for a quick getaway.", "A gray piece of luggage sitting on a  hard wood floor."]
["A man riding on the back of an elephant in a  jungle.", "Boy riding elephant in jungle while elephant eats grass.", "a man on an elephant and it eating the grass", "A man is riding an elephant in the jungle.", "A person ridding an elephant on a road in the jungle. "]
["Many umbrellas are hanging from the ceiling in the umbrella shop.", "Umbrellas hanging from the ceiling and in containers while shoppers walk by.", "A room full of umbrellas and torches for patios.", "A shop selling umbrella with many hanging from the ceiling.", "a room filled with colorful umbrellas with people gazing at thme"]
["Farmers market with people looking at fruits and vegetables", "An outdoor market with fruit and vegetables. ", "An outdoor market has red umbrellas over the food.", "A market full of assorted fruit and People.", "People shopping at farmers market with fruit under red umbrellas"]
["A woman that is standing near a open suitcase.", "A woman reaching into a open suitcase on a bed.", "A woman opening up her suitcase that is sitting on a bed. ", "A woman opens a suitcase in a hotel room.", "A woman opening a suitcase on the bed"]
["A woman standing next to a pile of luggage.", "Man standing in hallway with a woman and a travel bag.", "there is a man that is carrying many luggages", "A couple of people standing around with luggage in their hands.", "An Asian woman with the peace sign up and a Asian man with luggage next to him."]
["Several people stand on a narrow, long pier on the water.", "People standing on a dock waiting to board a boat.", "People stand on a pier with a boat behind them.", "Several people walking on the ramp toward a boat.", "People move luggage along a busy boat dock."]
["Mississippi paddle boats still make their way on the river.", "a big boat with a black steam stack on the latke ", "A steamboat travels along a river with large green hills on the side.", "A ferry on the river surrounded by mountainous trees.  ", "A passenger boat rides alongside the shore on a trip"]
["A person holding a pink colorful umbrella on top of a dirt field.", "Person behind pink floral umbrella on stone walkway.", "A CHILD HOLDING AN UMBRELLA WHILE TWO MEN WATCHING HIM", "A woman on a dirty street has a pink umbrella.", "A person holding an umbrella to the side walking down the street. "]
["Two baby elephants laying in a puddle of mud", "A group of Indian elephants socialize at a water hole", "Two baby elephants play in the mud while other elephants look on.", "A group of elephants trying to help smaller elephants out of the mud. ", "a number of elephants near a muddy body of water"]
["A large elephant in deep pool of water.", "Elephant enjoying bath in deep pool in heavily fenced enclosure.", "A large elephant bathes in a large area of water", "An elephant in water with its trunk up.", "A large elephant bathing in a pool of deep water."]
["Two elephants are out in the wild together. ", "An elephant is holding the tail of another elephant as it is exiting the water pool. ", "Two elephants standing on top of a puddle of water.", "An elephant grabbing another elephant's tail while walking out of a pool of water. ", "Two elephants playing in water in grassy fenced in area.\n"]
["A table with a stuffed animal and various boxes on top.", "a stuffed monkey sitting on a box that is on top of a trunk that is on top of another trunk", "A stuffed monkey that is sitting on a box.", "A stuffed monkey that is sitting on some boxes.", "a stuffed animal on a number of boxes "]
["A group of people riding on the back of an elephant.", "Three people riding on the back of an elephant.", "People riding on top of a large elephant.", "small boy on an elephant giving a ride to couple people sitting on the back", "some people are riding in a basket on top of an elephant"]
["a large gray elephant standing next to a crowd of people.", "An elephant raises its trunk to interact with a crowd.", "An elephant walking around a zoo with people watching. ", "Elephant in a sandy ring entertaining entertaining zoo guests. ", "The elephant is greeting the crowd with its trunk. "]
["A person standing in front of an elephant that is laying down.", "A mam holding the tail of an elephant.", "A man with an instrument holds an elephant's trunk.", "A wildlife manager examines an Elephant laying on it's side.", "A man takes a picture of an elephant's trunk."]
["People standing and watching an elephant, while the elephant puts his trunk on a ladies head.", "An elephant placing the end of its trunk on a woman's head.", "An elephant is inspecting the top of a womans head with its trunk.", "A elephant putting it's trunk on a woman's head.", "An elephant touching a woman on the head with its trunk."]
["An elephant standing on top of a dirt field.", "some elephants laying on the ground with some people looking at them", "Two elephants sitting on the ground being trended to by two men.", "Some elephants are laying down on the floor on a sunny day. ", "Elephants lying in dirt with man nearby in open area."]
["a suitcase has a bunch of stickers all over it", "this is a suitcase with stickers on it", "This is a drawing of a suitcase with many stickers on it.", "A bag of luggage that appears to be very old.", "A suitcase has stamps for different countries all over the world."]
["A dog curled up on a mans shoes.", "Overhead view of small dog sleeping curled up on someone's sneakered feet.", "a little dog sleeping on somebodys shoes ", "Small brown dog laying in between a person's shoes. ", "A brown colored dog is laying on someone's shoes."]
["A man bending over a pile of umbrellas sitting on a sidewalk.", "A woman is outside on the sidewalk with decorated umbrellas.", "A person standing in the middle of a bunch of umbrellas.", "A woman surrounded by several umbrellas decorate with paint resting on a sidewalk.", "A woman standing in the street surrounded my many colorful umbrellas."]
["Many small bags are laid out on the floor next to an open suitcase.", "Small pouches are arranged next to the open luggage bag. ", "There is a suitcase and smaller bags. ", "Suitcase containing many compact clothes for just one person", "The suitcase is on the floor with it's contents around it."]
["A group of people gathered in a town square with an individual doing a stunt on the pavement and umbrellas strewn around.", "a woman on the ground with her feet on a umbrella. ", "a man holding a red umbrella next to a woman on the ground.", "A man is holding a colorful umbrella open while another person sticks his feet into it.", "A women who is kicking at an umbrella from the ground."]
["a person doing a headstand on a concrete floor", "The men on the street next to the umbrella's are exchanging words. ", "A color corrected photograph of people on street with an umbrella in the middle of them.", "A person stands on his/her head while a man looks on.", "an image of a person doing a hand stand"]
["a little blue over night bag on a counter", "A blue closed suitcase sitting on a white table. ", "A blue, hard-sided suitcase with wheels sits on a counter.", "A closed case is sitting on a table.", "A suitcase at an airport TSA screening area"]
["a close up of an open umbrella on a a fence", "An open umbrella with German phrases on it attached to a fence.", "An umbrella sitting in front of a fence.", "The umbrella's on the street are decorated with messages. ", "A close view of red umbrella held up against a fence."]
["A black cat was lying inside a suitcase. ", "a cat sits in a small suit case on a bed", "A black cat peeking out of some luggage.", "Cat resting in a suit case laying on a bed.", "The cat is hiding inside of a suitcase."]
["a couple of kids are holding up pink umbrellas", "a couple of kids stand with umbrellas ", "two children holding open umbrellas near one another ", "Two little girls holding umbrellas on a stage ", "Two young girls with umbrellas on a stage."]
["A dog is jumping to catch a Frisbee.", "A dog leaping through the air to catch a frisbee.", "A dog jumps to catch a thrown frizbee", "A dog is jumping to catch a frisbee.", "In a desert area, a black dog leaps from the ground as a white Frisbee hovers near his nose."]
["A dog jumping in the air catching a Frisbee in its mouth.", "A black dog running across a dry grass field.", "A black dog catching a frisbee in his mouth outdoors.", "an image of a dog that is catching a frisbee", "A cute black dog in mid air catching  a toy."]
["a person holding an open umbrella with words written on it", "A woman is holding a pink umbrella that has been scribbled on.", "A young lady is holding a purple umbrella with phrases on it. ", "A GIRL HOLDING A SMALL PINK UMBRELLA WITH WORDS WRITTEN ALL OVER IT.", "A woman holds a pink umbrella in front of her that is covered in German words. "]
["This is an image of a woman with an umbrella with a sign on it.", "A woman holding a colorful umbrella with writing on top of it.", "A woman holding an umbrella with writing on it", "A person holding a rainbow colored umbrella with words written on it.", "A woman holding a colorful umbrella with writing on it."]
["A small dog playing tug of war with his owner.", "A yellow dog holds one side of a Frisbee while a hand holds the other side.", "A dog has a frisbee in his mouth and a person is trying to take it.", "a yellow lab tries to take a frisbee from its owner", "A white and brown dog pulling frisbee from a hand."]
["A brown dog pulling on a hand holding a frisbee.", "An owner plays tug-of-war with their Golden Retriever", "A person wrestles over a frisbee with a dog. ", "A person playing tug of war with a dog and a frisbee. ", "A dog pulls on one end of a frisbee why a person pulls on the other side."]
["A dog trying to rip a frizzebee out of his owners hand.", "A dog playing tug a war with a frizbee", "A dog wrestling a frisbee from a person.", "A yellow dog tries to pull a frisbee out of a person's hand.", "A dog take hold of a frisbee from someone's hand."]
["A dog and and someone's hand holding on to a frisbee", "A dog is fighting with its owner for a frisbee.", "A dog pulling on a plastic frisbee while standing on top of dirt.", "a dog that has a piece of plastic in its mouth", "A dog pulling a frisbee from a person's hand."]
["A beige colored dog jumps to catch a frisbee.", "A dog with a Frisbee in its mouth is running toward the camera.", "A dog is carrying a frisbee in his mouth", "there is a dog in the field playing with a frisbee", "A dog catching a frisbee in the air. "]
["Three dogs bite at a frisbee while at a park.", "Three dogs on the grass biting into a red frisbee.", "The three dogs are fighting over the red frisbee.", "Three dogs are sharing the same pink frisbee.", "Three dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee."]
["Lady standing in airport with luggage in front of her ", "A woman stands with her luggage at a baggage claim.", "a person with several pieces of luggage standing against a pole", "A woman is waiting and she has some large luggage.", "A women is waiting at the airport with her suitcase."]
["The dog brings the baseball bat back to the dugout.", "A dog walking on a field with a baseball bat in its mouth.", "Dog out on the baseball field bringing a bat back to the dugout.", "A group of men leaning over rail as a dog approaches them.", "Four baseball players standing behind a fence in a baseball field while a dog carrying a bat walks across the field. "]
["A room filled with clutter and a laptop computer.", "A room with a full suitcase and items laying all around.", "A suitcase open on the floor with someones belongings strewn about.", "A room with an open suitcase on the floor and clothes strewn about.", "A suit case is opened and there are things cluttered around"]
["A hot dog and bun with mustard is served on a plate.", "A white plate holding a hotdog with ketchup and mustard.", "A hot dog on a bun decorated with mustard and ketchup.", "A close up of a hotdog with ketchup and mustard.", "A photo of a hot dog with ketchup and mustard."]
["A person with an umbrella next to a street.", "A snowy day reveals a man with a black umbrella and snow covered sidewalk.", "A city street covered in a light film of snow.", "A snow covered street with a person walking down it.", "A man is walking with an umbrella on a snowy day."]
["A black bear walking by someone's car and trash can. ", "A small black bear cub investigates a garbage can at the edge of the forest.", "A large black bear trekking through a grass covered field.", "A small black bear waling up to a trash can.", "a small baby bear walks through some grass "]
["A teddy bear sitting at a computer desk with headphones on.", "Big teddy bear with headphones on laid in chair in front of computer.", "A stuffed animal bear with head phones at a desk.", "a teddy bear in a chair in front of a desk", "A stuffed bear wearing headphones and sitting in front of a computer keyboard."]
["a stuffed animal sitting on a chair in front of a laptop", "A stuffed polar bear sitting at a laptop computer.", "A white stuffed bear sits next to a laptop.", "White stuffed polar bear positioned in front of a laptop", "Stuffed bear posed as if using a laptop computer."]
["A very large teddy bar in the display window of a store.", "Stuffed toy bears on display through window setting.", "a store with a lot of bears in the windows called \"Bear it in Mind\"", "The front wind of a shop, Bear it in Mind, with a bear display.", "The front of a store that has a large teddy bear in the window."]
["A large group of people who are waiting at a luggage carousel. ", "Passengers gathering their luggage at an airport terminal.", "People are waiting to claim their bags in a crowded airport", "People standing around waiting with carts and baggage.", "People and luggage carts crowd the baggage carousel at an airport."]
["People at an airport carrying their luggage with them.", "A lot of people waiting in line in to an airport.", "An airport is filled with people waiting for their luggage.", "People wait on line with much luggage at the airport. ", "People waiting  in inspection line with their luggage."]
["A man kneeling on top of a tennis court with a racquet.", "A male with a white headband is stretching before playing a game of tennis.", "Man in tennis outfit strikes a funny pose.", "The man is being silly as he poses for the picture.", "Man on tennis court poses for the camera", "Man on tennis court poses for the camera"]
["A black animal walking around a green forest.", "A small black animal climbing a large branch. ", "A big brown bear looking up at the trees.", "A young black bear makes his way through the green forests.", "A bear reaches up and sniffs at some berries."]
["A large black bird perched on top of a tree in a  forest.", "A bear that is on a branch in a tree.", "A black bear is peeking out of a hole in the tree. ", "A baby black bear is up in a tree.", "A bear sits in a hole inside of a large, green tree."]
["Two women that are standing together with dogs.", "Three dogs are following three women toward the entrance of a building.", "A very tall chair stands in front of a glass building.", "Two women walking dogs in front of a glass building. ", "Two people with dogs walking by a modern building in a city."]
["A large black bear walking next to a huge stone wall.", "A black bear walking around an enclosure outside.", "A large black bear walking in  its enclosure", "Black bear walking along path in pen next to drainage.", "A black bear is walking around his confined space at the zoo."]
["A boy on the beach playing with a green Frisbee. ", "A man that is standing in the sand playing frisbee.", "A man jumps to catch a frisbee on the beach.", "A person on a beach jumping up into the air.", "A man jumping up to catch a frisbee on  the beach."]
["A brown dog trying to hump a black dog.", "there are several dogs playing outside together here", "Two of four dogs are playing with each other.", "White and black dogs playing in grassy area with fence.", "These two dogs are playing while another dog is approaching them."]
["A dog laying on top of a bed next to a window.", "A white dog laying on an unmade bed", "A dog lies at the foot of an unmade bed.", "A dog lays on an unmade bed on a blanket.", "A small dog lies on a comforter at the foot of an unmade twin bed."]
["White dog sitting on a unmade bed with blue sheets.", "a dog standing on a bed in a bed room", "A bedroom with a lot of dream catchers and a dog sitting on the bed.", "Small white dog standing on an unmade bed.", "A dog standing on a bed with a harness on."]
["A white polar bear standing on top of a rocky mountain.", "A polar bear in a zoo enclosure sitting down on a pile of rocks.", "A polar bear sitting down with big rocks.", "A white polar bear sitting on large rocks.", "a bear that is standing on some big rocks"]
["A polar bear in a zoo nibbling on a branch", "A polar bar is chewing on a branch", "A polar bear is laying on rocks while chewing on a leafy twig.", "a polar bear eating a branch laying on some rocks", "A polar bear reclines over rocks while chewing on a twig."]
["A bear resting on top of some rocks at a zoo", "Two polar bears relaxing on the rocks of their enclosure.", "Two polar bears are sleeping atop some rocks.", "Two polar bears sleeping on a rock formation at the zoo. ", "Two polar bears sleep on a rocky hill."]
["A dog holding a red ball in it's mouth next to a brown and white dog.", "Two dogs are playing with a frisbee outside.", "The two dogs are playing outside with a frisbee.", "Two dogs on grass playing with a red toy.", "two brown and white dogs are playing frisbee"]
["A mother and daughter playing a game of Frisbee on a sandy beach.", "A girl and a woman looking up at a Frisbee in the air at the beach. ", "A woman and a girl are playing Frisbee on the beach.", "woman and girl playing frisbee on the beach", "A woman and child playing frisbee on the beach"]
["A woman on the beach tries to catch a frisbee. ", "A girl on the beach about to catch a frisbee.", "a person reaching up their hand to catch a frisbee on the beach ", "A girl on a beach reaching for a Frisbee in the air.", "A girl standing on the sand near a frisbee in the air."]
["A black and white dog looking at a frisbee on a grass lawn.", "A dog is standing in the grass with its tongue out.", "Winded dog sitting and eagerly waiting for a frisbee to be thrown.", "A black and white dog waiting to catch a frisbee", "A border collie with tongue hanging out stares at an approaching Frisbee."]
["a man throwing a white frisbee in a gym.", "People on an inside court playing with a frisbee.", "Three men playing frisbee on an indoor court.", "Three young adults are playing frisbee on a court.", "a group of young people playing frisbee in a gym"]
["A person that is catching a frisbee in a gym.", "A man jumping up to catch a frisbee", "a person jumping stretched in the air reaching for a frisbee", "A man jumps to catch a white Frisbee.", "A man leaping in the air to grab a Frisbee."]
["a number of people playing frisbee indoors ", "A group of men playing on a basketball court next to doors.", "Four men are playing Frisbee Basketball on an indoor court.", "A bunch of young adults playing frisbee inside of a big gym.", "Group of young men playing with a disk toy."]
["A white dog carrying a red frisbee in it's mouth.", "a white dog wal,ing across the grass while holding onto a red frisbee ", "A dog with a frisbee in its mouth in a field with other dogs.", "A group of dogs hanging out in a park one has a toy in his mouth.", "A variety of dogs play in a field with a frisbee"]
["A woman standing around a group of dogs.", "There are a lot of dogs in this room.", "A group of dogs are playing catch in the interior room of a house as a man stands and watches.", "Several dogs playing in a room with a woman watching.", "A dog surrounded by dogs and a female catches a toy in its mouth."]
["A person holding out their arms to catch a frisbee.", "A lady catching a frisbee at an outdoor event.", "Woman in blue and white shirt catching a frisbee.", "Children throw a Frisbee to a soldier in fatigues.", "She reaches for the frisbee as it comes toward her."]
["a couple of dogs that are playing with a frizbee", "Three dogs  playing with a frisbee in a large green field", "A few dogs fighting over a frisbee on a field.", "Three dogs playing tug of war on a grassy field.", "Three dogs playing with a disk toy in the park."]
["A dog looking out of a second story window.", "A dog in a open window by a building.", "A dog is resting on the window sill of the building.", "a dog stares out the window of a building ", "The dog is sitting looking out the window. "]
["A couple of dogs fighting over a red frisbee.", "Two dogs are fighting over a frisbee while another watches.", "Two dogs that are holding a frisbee in their mouths.", "Two dogs biting down on and pulling on a Frisbee.", "The two dogs are tugging an orange Frisbee near other dogs. "]
["A larger dog and a smaller dog play with a frisbee.", "a lot of dogs playing together in a room", "A large dog fights with a small one for a frisbee.", "Two dogs playing tug of war with a frisbee.", "Two dogs playing tug-o-war with a red frisbee. "]
["A black and brown dog walking across snow with a red Frisbee in't mouth.", "Two dogs play outside on the fluffy snow.", "two dogs are playing with a frisbee in the snow", "A German Shepard dog holding a frisbee near a Siberian Husky Dog.", "Two dogs stand in the snow inside a fence."]
["a pack of dogs walking down a snow covered yard.", "A pack of dogs are playing with assorted toys. ", "Several dogs enjoy playing with Frisbees in the snow. ", "Several dogs playing with things in the snow.", "Dogs play tug of war in the snowy yard."]
["A brown dog fighting over a deflated ball with a darker brown dog.", "Two dogs are playing with a red rubber object as they hold it in their mouths.", "Several dogs with two of them fighting over a toy.", "Two dogs fight over a frisbee as another watches.", "Two dogs fighting over a red rubber Frisbee."]
["A boy is sitting on the grass with a frisbee.", "A young boy holding a Frisbee, sitting on grass.", "A young child holding up a white frisbee on a field.", "a little boy in a suit holding onto a frisbee and sitting in the yard ", "A small child sitting in the grass with a frisbee"]
["A man wearing a visor holding a neon frisbee.", "A man balancing a frisbee on his fingers.", "A man is spinning a yellow frisbee on his finger", "a guy spinning a frisbee on his fingers outside", "A man is balancing a neon yellow frisbee."]
["A young child is standing in the grass with a frisbee", "Young boy with blue disc in grassy area of park.", "a small boy holding a frisbee with many vehicles behind him", "A very young boy holding a blue frisbee", "A child standing in grass holding a frisbee in front of some parked cars."]
["A dog is carrying a blue round Frisbee in his mouth as he walks across the grass.\n", "A black dog with a blue toy in its mouth.", "A dog playing with a toy in a grassy yard.", "A large black dog holding a blue frisbee in it's mouth.", "A dog is standing in a yard with a toy in its mouth."]
["many people are having fun in an event. ", "People are playing Frisbee or walking near a beach.", "Several people playing frisbee at the beach ", "People are playing with Frisbees on a patio at the beach. ", "A man holding a white frisbee while standing on his head."]
["an image  of a man doing tricks with a frisbee", "A man doing a show of frisbee stunts.", "A man in blue shirt and black pants catching a yellow frisbee.", "a person playing with a frisbee on a sidewalk in front of a row of people.", "A man goes to catch a frisbee under his leg."]
["A dog that is standing on a frisbee.", "A dog is picking up a Frisbee in his mouth. ", "A small white dog chewing on a green Frisbee on a paved walkway.", "A red and white terrier dog chewing on a yellow frisbee. ", "a little dog trying to pick up a Frisbee"]
["A  white dog is looking at the camera", "A white dog with a brown eye is standing with a leash.", "A white terrier dog on a leash with a brown spot on his eye. ", "A dog on a leash standing on bricked patio.", "A white dog has a half-brown face, and stands on the sidewalk."]
["Three zebras in a green field grazing next to a tree.", "Three zebras grazing on the grass on a field. ", "three zebras eating grass in a field near a tree", "Three zebras standing near each other grazing on grass ", "Three zebras are grazing in the grass together."]
["a person catching a Frisbee in an odd position", "A man playing a game of frisbee with another man as they gaze into each others eyes with man lust.", "A man in an awkward position playing Frisbee.", "There is a man catching a frisbee under his leg.", "A man throws a frisbee under his leg while standing on one leg to another man. "]
["there is a man that is throwing a frisbee between his legs", "A teen boy wearing black and white performing tricks with a yellow Frisbee while another boy watch. ", "A young person is jumping to catch the Frisbee between his legs.", "A young man jumps and grabs a frisbee between his legs\n", "A person jumping up to catch a frisbee"]
["A young man playing frisbee while people watch.", "A group of spectators watching a frisbee game.", "Man with his eye on the frisbee as he prepares to catch it.", "A man performing tricks with a frisbee shaped device.", "a man catching a frisbee in a field."]
["Two young kids holding a frisbee while seated on a bed", "Two boys sitting with legs out on a chaise posing for camera and holding a Reese's Frisbee, with two stuffed animal monkeys behind them, one wearing a hat with ears, all in front of drapery.", "Some little children are posing for a big picture. ", "The two boys have two teddy bears and one Frisbee. ", "Two boys hold an orange frisbee with two stuffed animals behind them."]
["A man standing on a dirty and grass field next to a lake.", "A man is playing frisbee over a pond.", "A guy standing in the grass is ready to throw something. ", "man with plate standing on brown patch near lake", "A man holding a frisbee on a patch of dirt"]
["There is a man throwing something at a target.", "A man is playing frisbee golf in the woods.", "a person is throwing a flying disk outside", "A Man throwing a frisbee in the woods.", "Adult playing game of golf in wooded park area."]
["A man in a blue outfit holding a white frisbee.", "A man holding a frisbee standing in the woods", "A man standing in a wooded area stretching his arms.", "Man standing in a field with leaves while holding up a frisbee. ", "A man stretching his arms holding a frisbee in the woods."]
["Three friends are playing frisbee golf in the woods.", "a couple of men are standing in the woods", "Three people holding frisbees in a wooded area.", "Two young men and a girl holding Frisbees in the woods.", "A group of people in a wooded area with leaves on the ground playing frisbee golf."]
["A man wearing shorts is running through the woods playing frisbee golf.", "A man in black shirt with frisbee in a forest area.", "A man catching a Frisbee that was thrown to him in a game of Frisbee Golf.", "A man playing golf frisbee in a wooded park area.", "a man playing with a Frisbee playing in the park"]
["a man reaching for a blue frisbee on a fence ", "Man standing next to a long cement divider.", "a person near a ledge with a frisbee on it", "A man in a white teeshirt holding a beer. ", "Young man rushing to pickup a frisbee which has landed on a stone fence."]
["A man tossing a frisbee on top of a green park.", "A man is throwing a Frisbee in the grass.", "a man throws a frisbee at a park", "A young man plays with a Frisbee in a park.", "A man is standing in the grass throwing a frisbee."]
["Two adult zebras near a baby zebra eating grass. ", "Two adult zebras and a baby zebra in a grassy area.", "A baby zebra rests while two other zebras graze nearby.", "three zebras in a field of grass near trees", "Two adult zebras and a baby zebra in a meadow by a forest."]
["A zebra standing in the grass next to a tree.", "A zebra standing still in a grassy prairie.", "A very cute zebra in a grassy field.", "A zebra standing in a grassland looking at the camera.", "A zebra standing out alone in the grassy field"]
["A lone zebra stands with some trees in the background.", "A zebra standing in a brush filled field", "There is a zebra looking at a camera in dry grass.", "A zebra stands by itself in brown grass.", "A zebra standing on top of a dry grass field near trees."]
["A couple of zebra standing on top of a lush green field.", "Giraffes and zebras are within the same enclosure.", "Two zebra eat grass near two sitting giraffe.", "Two zebra and two giraffes in a pen in a zoo.", "a  number of animals in a field near a gate"]
["A herd of zebra walking across a field.", "A herd of zebras standing a field, in the open.", "a couple of zebras are off in a field", "The zebras are heading towards their source of food.", "Three zebras are walking on the grassin front of a hill."]
["Two zebra standing next to each other on a dirt field.", "A couple of zebras explore in the sand next to some chopped wood.  ", "Zebras wander around their pen at the zoo.", "two zebras walking around their pen at the zoo", "The baby zebras are walking around to explore."]
["A brown horse pulling a white carriage down a street.", "A BROWN HORSE WALKING A CARRIAGE ON THE STREET", "A brown and white horse hitched to a red and white carriage.", "A draft horse in a red hat harnessed to a red and white carriage on a city street.", "a brown horse carrying a cart moving on the street"]
["A group of zebras and wildebeest grazing in a field.\n", "Zebras desolate wilderness trying to eat what they can", "A group of zebras looking for food in the desert.", "Zebras are grazing or resting in the open plain", "brown desert blue sky and zebra walking around"]
["Two zebras who are grazing on some grass.", "Two zebra standing next to each other on a field.", "Two adult zebra are eating from the grass on the ground.", "A group of zebras foraging in the dirt", "A couple of zebras that are feeding on grass."]
["Two zebra standing next to each other next to a building.", "A profile of a zebra with another animal nearby.", "A zebra standing next to another zebra in front of a door.", "The zebra lives in a habitat with other zebras.", "A zebra standing near a large brick building."]
["A zebra grazing on some grass near a stone.", "a black and white zebra is eating some green grass", "A zebra eating green grassy items for his lunch.", "A zebra is eating grass in his exhibit at the zoo.", "A zebra eating long clipped grass on the ground."]
["A closeup of a zebra eating fresh green grass.", "Zieber eating grass off the ground by itself. ", "The head of a zebra eating grass in a zoo", "A zebra bending down to eat a mouthful of grass.", "a black and white zebra is eating food"]
["A brown and white horse standing next to a man and a woman.", "A pinto horse walking in a coral with two people.", "Two people standing by a brown and white horse.", "People and a horse in an enclosure outside a barn", "A brown and white horse photobombs a picture of two people."]
["Two men in a stable with a brown horse.", "Two men attend to a horse inside of a stable.", "A couple of men tending to a brown horse next to an entrance.", "A horse in a stall with three people.", "Two men standing near a brown horse in a stable."]
["a man pets a horse as others look on", "A group of people standing around a brown horse.", "A man holding a bridle of a horse in a stable.", "A man showing a brown horse to a group of people.", "A bearded man showing a horse to women in a horse stall"]
["Brown and white horses grazing in the grass.", "2 horses stand and graze in a grassy field with many trees.", "A brown horse grazing in grassy area with white horse behind it.", "A horse on a rope in a field of trees and grass.", "Two horses in a field by some trees."]
["A herd of horses standing on the beach near the water", "A herd of horses standing on top of a sandy beach.", "a number or horses on a beach next to water", "Many horses stand on a sandy beach next to the water.", "A herd of horses are roaming free on the shore of a beach."]
["A zebra standing on top of a pile of dirt and rocks.", "A lone zebra that is standing near a rock.", "A zebra inside of a zoo drinking water.", "A zebra bending its neck to eat something on the ground. ", "Zebra grazing while standing in zoo pen enclosure."]
["a brown horse with a mask behind a fence", "A horse wearing a screened mask leans over a wooden fence", "Two horses, one brown and one gray, stand behind a fence in a field with trees behind them.", "A horse is looking over a fence with a shield on its face.", "A horse that has a mask on its face standing in the grass."]
["Girl holding an umbrella on a horse drawn carriage", "A woman rides on a horse drawn carriage.", "A man and woman on a horse carriage riding down the street.", "A man and woman ride a horse carriage on top of cobble stones.", "Pair of people riding on a horse and cart down town."]
["A young colt is running beside an adult horse.", "A young brown horse in a blue jacket running in a barn. ", "two horses in a field behind a fence ", "A couple of horses in a dirt field.", "A pony wearing a blue vest is running around "]
["A girl riding a brown horse and green grass with trees", "A woman wearing a black helmet sits on a brown horse.", "A woman is riding a horse in a field. ", "A woman riding on the back of a brown horse.", "a man sitting on a horse in a grassy field "]
["A person riding a horse on top of a lush green field.", "A lady on a horse of some sort.", "A man with a helmet riding a horse.", "A rider on horse back in a clearing in a wooded area.", "there is a woman riding a horse on the field"]
["A white horse running next to a brown horse.", "A BROWN HORSE AND A WHITE HORSE RUNNING IN SAND", "A white horse and a brown running along side each other.", "A white horse and a brown horse galloping in a corral.", "Two horses running around a dirt race track"]
["A baseball player is waiting his turn to catch the ball.", "A baseball player waits for a play in a baseball game.", "An outfielder is ready to catch a ball in a game.", "a close up of a baseball player on a field ", "A baseball player in a squatting stance wearing a glove."]
["A plate topped with lots of different kinds of fruit.", "A plate filled with fruits like oranges and raspberries.", "A plate of fruit is seen in this picture.", "A plate holds orange slices, berries, and cucumber slices.", "Freshly sliced oranges, lemons, limes, apples, and whole berries on a plate."]
["A white plate topped with sliced up fruit.", "Someone did not finish their lunch of just fruits and vegetables.", "A plate with a grape, an orange slice and something red. ", "Fruit and vegetable items displayed on plate for consumption.", "A small plate holds pieces of assorted fruits. "]
["Professional athletes conversing on field inside stadium area.", "A player and a coach are discussing the result of a play.", "A Mets professional baseball player holding a glove.", "Two men talk on a professional baseball field.", "A baseball player talking to a coach on the field."]
["The woman has many bananas and other fruit at her stand.", "A lady making change at a roadside fruit stand.", "A woman in an apron is under an umbrella with a table of melons and bananas.", "A woman standing in a market filled with market next to ripe bananas.", "The woman is selling lots of fruit at the stand today. "]
["A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "a person is skiing down a snowy hill", "Person on skis going down a snow covered slope.", "A person ski's down the long snowy slopes.", "A person in black skis down a mountain slope."]
["A cross country skier resting with his ski poles in the snow.", "A person stopped on a ski trail in the snowy mountains.", "a man skiing on the side of a mountain.", "A person riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A skier on the side of a snow covered hill with a big mountain in the background."]
["Orange sitting on a plate next to bananas on top of a table.", "A basket of fruit containing oranges and bananas", "This is a dish of oranges and bananas.", "A boy containing two bananas and three oranges.", "A plate has oranges and bananas on it."]
["A close up of bananas, apples and oranges.", "Picture of multiple apples, oranges and bananas together.", " a table with different fruit, including apples, oranges and bananas", "A bowl filled with ripe bananas next to apples and oranges.", "Bananas, oranges and apples are in shades of yellow and orange."]
["A person stands at the bottom of a snowy ski hill.", "A person on skis near a lodge at the base of a mountain.", "A WOMAN IS STANDING ON THE SNOW BANKS", "A lone snowboarder standing on a slope near a ski lodge.", "A person standing on a snowboard in the snow. "]
["there is a baseball player that is looking at his hat", "A baseball player holding his hat with his glove tucked underneath his arm.", "The man has a baseball cap in his hand. ", "A baseball player looking inside of his hat. ", "A baseball player puts on his hat during a game."]
["Baseball pitchers have their own unique stance when throwing a ball.", "A person in a baseball uniform holds a mitt on a field.", "A man that is standing on a dirt mound.", "A pitcher on the mound has one foot raised slightly.", "A guy stands on the pitchers mound after throwing the ball."]
["A basket filled with lots of fresh produce.", "this is fresh fruit stacked in a bowl", "A bowl that has different fruits and vegetables in it. ", "A bowl full of assorted vegetables and fruits.", "A bunch of vegetabes in a woven little basket"]
["A baseball player standing next to home plate.", "There are many fans in the bleachers watching the game.", "A baseball match is going on.The stadium is full of spectators,", "a bunch of people watching a baseball game ", "The baseball players are on the field in front of the crowd."]
["A baseball player holding a bat next to home base.", "The championship series of a minor league baseball league", "Baseball game with batter starting to swing at a pitch.", "A baseball pitcher pitches a ball to the baseball batter.", "A baseball game in progress with the pitcher up to plate."]
["A group of yellow road blocks sitting near a tree.", "three concrete dividers stacked up and sitting in front of trees", "Many construction obstacles sit in a pile. ", "Some very bright yellow colored items by some trees.", "Three yellow benches and a tree next to it "]
["Various trays of bath salts and a metal scoop.", "Several varieties and colors of crystals for sale in a stall.", "Several boxes of different colored candies with scoops.", "Retail stands with something labeled as Miel inside", "Variety of colored chunks displayed in bins with scoop."]
["a table that has a bunch of bananas on it", "a bunch of yellow bananas are stacked together", "The bananas are almost ready to be picked.", "many bunches of bananas on a table ", "Bunches of banana on display at the market."]
["A toothbrush in a the toothpaste section of a toothbrush holder.", "A white cup holding a tooth brush on top of an orange table.", "A toothbrush holder with one toothbrush in it and two holes for holding other toothbrushes.", "A tooth brush holder looks like a smiley face.", "A toothbrush in a toothbrush and toothpaste holder."]
["A wooden crate holding bananas under a roof area.", "Some bananas on display in a wooden case.", "A fruit stand with several bundles of banana's.", "Several bunches of plantains are on display on a shelf.", "Bunches of bananas are in a wooden box."]
["A baseball player holding a bat so he can hit a ball.", "A baseball batter about to make an attempt to hit a baseball.", "a baseball player holding a bat in the baters box", "A baseball player getting ready to bat while a catcher squats behind him waiting for the ball.", "A batter and catcher during a baseball game."]
["The baseball player is throwing the fast pitch.", "A baseball player pitching a baseball on top of a field.", "A pitcher in a baseball game pitching a baseball.", "A pitcher is putting everything he has into throwing the baseball.", "a pitcher getting ready to pitch the ball"]
["A pitcher, a catcher, and a man up to bat. ", "The New York Mets play the Atlanta Braves.", "The baseball player stands in the batter's box awaiting the pitch.", "A baseball player awaits a pitch while the catcher and umpire watch.", "A player holding a bat with a shortstop and umpire."]
["An orange tree filled with oranges next to a building.", "A tree is full of bright fruit and leaves.", "A close up shot of an orange bush ", "A dwarf type citrus tree growing in the sun.", "Orange tree with ripe oranges and green leaves."]
["A plate with salad, oranges and a sandwich with silverware arranged next to it.", "A plate of food with oranges, a salad and some type of sandwich. ", "A plate of food with salad and orange slices.", "A plate of food with salad, orange slices and a sandwich with cheese, sauce and onions on it.", "There is a sandwich, salad and fruit on the plate."]
["a bunch of people that are on a bunch of snow", "Group of people on skies going down a snowy slope.", "Several people on skis at the bottom of a slope.", "a bunch of skkiers climb tot he top of a mountain", "some snow skiers snow and a tower and mountain"]
["A glass bowl with an orange in it. ", "An orange sitting underneath a clear glass. ", "A large glass bowl sitting over an orange.", "a orange that is in some kind of bowl", "A piece of fruit is under some glass"]
["A variety of healthy fruits placed on a table.", "A bunch of bananas and several apples sitting on a counter.", "Healthy fruits bananas, apples, oranges, kiwi on a counter.", "A bunch of bananas, apples, an orange and kiwi are sitting on a kitchen counter. ", "A table topped with bananas next to apples and oranges."]
["A young boy holds a banana before he peels it.  ", "A person holding a banana in front of a floor.", "A person's hand holding a whole banana over a tile counter.", "A person holds a banana in their left hand.", "A hand holds a banana above a floor. "]
["Two boys with glove and helmet playing baseball", "A man catching a baseball with a glove as another slides into the base.", "A person wearing blue catching a ball and a person with a red helmet on the ground. ", "A boy in a blue tries to catch a baseball while a boy with a red helmet slides to touch the base.", "A man standing next to a base holding a catchers mitt."]
["A couple of people on skis in the snow.", "A man and a boy are on skis outside in the snow.", "A woman is teaching a small child to ski.", "A guy holding up a child on a skis.", "Two skiers on a big snowy hill in the woods."]
["Three small skiing figurines posed on cauliflower. ", "Toy skiers riding down a slope of cauliflower.", "Three toy skiers on a mountain made of cauliflower.", "Toy figures of skiers atop a mound of cauliflower.", "Three toy ski figures are posed on a head of cauliflower. "]
["Apples, oranges and bananas all mixed in a bowl.", "An old apple sitting next to a spotted banana. ", "Several apples next to an overly ripe banana.", "There are plenty of fresh fruit to eat on the table. ", "A close up of an apple and a banana. "]
["A plate of fruit such as bananas, lemons, apples, and oranges.", "A black bowl holding fruits and squash on table.", "There are some fruits in a serving bowl", "there is a large bowl of different fruits in it", "A big plate full of assorted types of fruits."]
["A baseball game in progress with the batter swinging.", "A baseball batter swings his bat while team mates look on.", "A baseball player swinging a bat at a ball", "A person that is playing in a baseball game.", "Baseball player in white and red uniform swinging at a ball. "]
["A series of different photos showing different kinds of food.", "a bunch of different pictures of food are together", "A collage of white squares with pictures of different meals.", "A view of an assortment of different kinds of desserts, in many different pictures.", "A display of thumbnails of many different types of foods."]
["a baseball player swings his bat at a ball ", "Seen through a wire fence, is a stadium area with watchers and many vacant chairs, a dugout with a railing and many men leaning on it, and a playing area with a lunging, uniformed batter with a catcher and an umpire behind him. ", "A batter swings at the ball at the baseball game.", "A baseball player swinging a bat on top of a field.", "A baseball hitter swings and prepares to run."]
["Baseball player throwing a pitch from the mound", "A guy on a baseball field throws a baseball. ", "The pitcher is at the mound, on one foot, having just delivered the pitch,", "A player on a field throws a baseball.", "A pitcher is throwing a ball on a baseball field. "]
["Close-up of green bananas still on the stalk", "there are many green bananas with the roots still on them", "A pile of bunches of unripe bananas sitting on a counter.", "A bunch of bananas still attached to each other", "I cannot tell if those are plantains or unripe bananas."]
["A large green leafy plant with a flower.", "A tree with tiny bananas growing on it.", "Small bananas growing on top of  the banana tree", "The blossom of a plant hangs near large green leaves.", "A weird looking tree filled with little miniature bananas."]
["Plates with blue leaves hold many food dishes including peas, noodles, broccoli and other things.", "A lot of plates on top of a wooden table.", "Several plates of food on a dining table.", "Seven plates with an assortment of vegetables is on the table.", "Five plates, with intricate decorated borders, display vegetables that include broccoli, string beans, mushrooms and bean sprouts."]
["A couple of men on a field playing baseball.", "Some players in action on the baseball field.", "a baseball player getting ready to swing ", "A baseball player ready to hit a pitched ball ", "A black and white photo of a batter and pitcher on a baseball diamond"]
["A snowboarder is in the air while people watch.", "A skier in red and white jacket jumped and is in midair.", "a person jumping a snow board in the air", "The snowboarder has jumped very high into the air.", "A snowboarder is jumping in air with one hand raised and the other hand on the board. "]
["A person on a snowboard went off of a jump.", "A person jumping up in the air with a snowboard.", "A person is jumping high on a snow board", "The snowboarder is attempting to execute a difficult trick.", "A snowboarder is jumping off of a ramp made of snow."]
["Skiers doing stunts over a hill of snow.", "A man skiing on a slope with snow ", "a man on a snow mobile watching a skier ", "Motion capture photograph of a person doing trick on skis.", "A person jumps on a snow hill on skis."]
["A wooden table surface with many types of food.", "Some sushi is layed out on a table", "A wooden table topped with sushi and a candle lit broccoli forest.", "THIS IS A TABLE OF LEAVES AND FOOD THAT ARE BEING USED FOR ORDURBS\n", "A very big table filled with many assorted food items."]
["A single broccoli floret in a larger garden.", "Garden filled with greenery including a broccoli leaf.", "A table topped with vases filled with flowers.", "A broccoli plant growing inside of a fenced garden.", "some broccoli on a garden a wood fence and some red flowers"]
["Several pieces of fruit including:  a pineapple, apples and pears.", "a bunch of fruit sit piled up on top of each other ", "there are many fruits that are pilled on top of each other", "A pineapples sits in a pile of many fruits. ", "A closeup of fruit piled on a table "]
["a man that is jumping his skateboard on some concrete", "A person on a skateboard doing a trick in mid-air. ", "a man riding a skateboard up into the air over steps.", "A guy on a skateboard in the middle of a jump. ", "A man leaping while doing skateboard tricks in a city"]
["Two women in the snow on skis in front of a large building.", "Two cross-country skiers talking in front of a large building. ", "Two skiers converse in front of a large resort hotel", "A couple of cross country skiers stops to talk", "Two women that are out skiing stop to talk."]
["A fried egg with broccoli and black mushrooms.", "A plate with an egg on top of a pile of broccoli.", "A fried egg laid over broccoli and vegetables.", "An egg and vegetables sits on top of a plate.", "A fried egg is shown with broccoli on a plate. "]
["a man riding skis down a snow covered mountain.", "A man on his skis on the snowy slopes. ", "Person on skies in the snow with a scarf around his face.", "A person on skis going down a hill with trees in background.", "A person is skiing down a snowy slope."]
["A skateboarder is performing an aerial manuever during a competition.", "A man flying in the air over a halfpipe on a skateboard.", "Man does stunt moves in the air on a skateboard.", "A person that is on a skateboard doing a trick.", "A young riding through the air on a skateboard."]
["Small skateboarder taking a jump on top of his board. ", "A skateboarder grabs the edge of the board midair. ", "A skate boarder in midair performing a trick.", "A skateboarder is is mid air performing a stunt.", "A boy on a skateboard with the board in the air in the midst of a stunt."]
["A red partitioned plate with various types of food.", "A tray with food on a table ", "A tray of food with meat slices over broccoli as well as other vegetables and fruit.", "A compartmentalized tray holds a variety of food.", "Red tray with rice meat and vegetables on it. "]
["A white bowl holding ramen, broccoli and carrots.", "A bowl of noodle soup with broccoli and carrots.", "a bowl of soup with broccoli carrots and noodles", "A cup of noodles with a utensil inside.", "Oriental style soup in foam take out cup. "]
["A skateboarder is seen near a crowd through the glass door.", "a person skating on a sidewalk next to people on their bikes ", "The skateboarder is skateboarding in front of many pedestrians.", "A person balancing on a skateboard on the sidewalk.", "A teenager is doing tricks on his skateboard."]
["An old photo of a boy and girl skateboarding in a parking lot.", "two people are riding their skateboards in a parking lot", "A young boy riding a skateboard on a parking lot.", "A young boy riding a skateboard down a parking lot.", "a boy and a girl are skateboarding and some buildings"]
["A man in black hovers over a skateboard while they are both in the air.", "a person jumping a skate board in the sky ", "A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "A skateboarder doing a trick at a skate park.", "A person on a skateboard jumping up into the air."]
["a boy jumping his skate board over some steps", "A man doing a trick on a skateboard over some steps.", "A man's skateboard flips around as he jumps up.", "A man is in mid air doing a skateboard trick.", "Black and white photograph of a person doing a trick on skateboard."]
["A young boy who is eating a carrot.", "A young boy eating a raw carrot at the kitchen table", "A boy in green shirt eating a carrot at a table.", "a close up of a child at a table with a carrot", "A small child at a kitchen table eats a carrot."]
["A man who is holding a skateboard next to some ramps.", "White Buick Century car being driven by woman with dog in front seat", "a man with a skate board stands next to some ramps ", "A young person standing in the middle of a half pipe.", "a skate boarder at an indoor course looking up at the camera"]
["a dog that is on a black skateboard", "A brown and white bulldog is sitting on a skateboard.", "a bulldog sitting on a skateboard in front of person", "the small white dog is on the skateboard", "A bulldog on a chain is standing on a skateboard."]
["A beautiful young girl riding a skateboard on a sidewalk.", "A young girl is riding on a skateboard.", "A little girl in sandals on a skateboard.", "a little girl trying to ride a skateboard with other standing around", "A young girl balancing on a skateboard on a street."]
["a man that is sitting on a skateboard and drinking something", "A man with much facial hair holding a cop on skateboard", "A man sitting on a skateboard holding a cup in his hand.", "Man holding a cup sitting on a skateboard on pavement.", "a man with a red cup sitting on a skateboard next to the curb"]
["A man at a skate park showing a trick on his skateboard", "You are proudly witnessing a 360 Ollie in progression", "A skateboarder performs a trick in a skate park. ", "A man on a skateboard performing a trick.", "Guy doing a flip trick with his skateboard."]
["there is a man on a skate board doing a trick", "A young skateboarder stands on his board on a rail. ", "A skateboarder riding a rail on a skateboard.", "a man that is jumping his skateboard over a rail", "a skateborder doing a trick on a railing. "]
["a close up of a person with a large sandwich", "A man in a hat holding a sandwich from a platter.", "A man doing something entertaining at a restaurant.", "an image of a man eating a sandwich at a restaurant\n", "A man in a cap taking a sandwich from a display."]
["Three white castle hamburgers sitting in a white castle food bag.", "Two White Castle Cheeseburgers still in their cartons", "Several White Castle hamburgers sitting in a bag.", "Two hamburgers and an unknown package are inside a bag.", "Two cheese burgers placed in a box inside a white bag."]
["A white plate topped with a fruit-pancake sandwich.", "strawberries, fruits and cream on an english muffin", "A fruit sandwich sits on top of a glass tray.", "a sandwich made with some berries and some apple", "a muffin sandwich with fruit and yogurt on it"]
["The carrot cake is on a plate on the table", "A small sign displays the type of food on this plate.", "A piece of cake is half eaten on the plate", "A piece of cake on a plate with a small sign sticking up from the cake which reads \"CARROT CAKE with RAISINS and CREAM-CHEESE FROSTING\".", "a peice of carrot cake that is on a plate"]
["The man in the helmet is skateboarding on a walkway.", "A man skateboarding on the side of the road. ", "A man raises his arms as he travels on a skate board.", "a man skat boarding down a concrete pathway", "A man is going down a wooden sidewalk on a skateboard."]
["A stove top oven covered in plates, pots and a water pot.", "a stove with several items of food on it.", "A busy kitchen with various foods and drink upon the stove.", "A kitchen with a four burner stove top and items on each of the burners.", "A stove is covered with a boiler full of water and various plates of food."]
["A man on a bike with a skateboard in the street.", "A person riding a bike down the road while balancing a skateboard on the handlebar of the bike.", "A guy riding a bike and carrying a skateboard across the handlebars.", "A man holding a skating board while riding a bicycle.", "Some people are travelling in the middle of a street and having fun."]
["A white plate topped with carrots, meat and sauce.", "A plate of meat and vegetables more art than food", "Assorted food items displayed on white plate on table.", "Someone ordered this dinner at a fancy dinner.", "A plate of food including meat, carrots, and a dipping sauce."]
["A young boy rides his skateboard amongst pedestrians.", "A boy standing on top of a skateboard with people standing around him.", "A young man riding a skate board down a busy sidewalk.", "A boy rides a skateboard on a sidewalk.", "Fuzzy picture of people walking and a boy on a skateboard."]
["Two people wearing skis holding onto ski poles.", "Two skiers on a field with the sun shining.", "Two people in the snow on skis taking pictures.", "Two cross country skiers stand in the snow.", "Two people standing on skis in the snow."]
["a plate with some fruits and a bread", "A dim plate of food is on a brown table.", "A bowl with a stew of meat, sliced potato and carrot.", "A white plate topped with cut up vegetables and fruit.", "Some cooked vegetables are sitting on a plate."]
["A man in plaid shorts skateboards in a rink by palm trees,", "A black man on a skateboard at a skate park.", "a boy wearing shorts and tennis shoes riding a skate board", "A man riding a skateboard on top of a cement ramp.", "Shirtless skateboarder on the top of a concrete course. "]
["A person holding several carrots in their hand.", "A woman holding a bunch of fresh carrots.", "Freshly picked carrots still have the dirt on them", "A person is holding a cluster of dirty carrots.", "A hand holding various carrots with dirt on them."]
["A man riding skis on top of a snow covered slope.", "A person skis down a trail through pines.", "Someone in the snow on a pair of skis. ", "a person coming down a snowy hill on a pair of skis", "A person wearing protective gear on a pair of skis. "]
["Two young boys enjoying the action at a local skate park.", "A person on a skateboard does an air trick.", "PERSON ON SKATEBOARD MAKING A JUMP UP ONTO RAMP", "a skateboarder doing tricks at a skate park.", "One young man watches another perform skateboard tricks."]
["A young boy riding a skateboard down the side of a ramp.", "A young boy is trying to skateboard on the sidewalk.", "Boy going down a ramp on a skateboard.", "several small boys with one of them on a skate board", "A boy in green sweater riding on a skateboard."]
["A person in cold weather gear riding on a snowboard down a slope. ", "A person is riding down a hill on skis. ", "A skier wearing a backpack skiing down a hill side.", "A couple of people riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "a person riding a snow board on a snowy slope"]
["A person riding a snowboard on a snow covered slope.", "A skier is moving slowly down a slop.", "A few snow skiers coming down the slope.", "A skier on a snowy hill practicing his stance.", "A skier navigating down a skiing hill during the day."]
["A young man standing next to a skateboard.", "A skateboarder getting ready to do a trick on his board.", "a man that is on skateboard with people watching", "this is a boy doing tricks on a skateboard with people watching", "A group of people watching a boy skateboard."]
["The skateboarder is putting on a show using the picnic table as his stage.", "A skateboarder pulling tricks on top of a picnic table.", "A man riding on a skateboard on top of a table.", "A skate boarder doing a trick on a picnic table.", "A person is riding a skateboard on a picnic table with a crowd watching."]
["Person down hill skiing in well groomed snow", "a skier shredding the gnar in some fresh powder", "A man riding skis down a snow covered ski slope.", "an image of a person skiing down a snow slope", "A skier going downhill quickly with an onlooker behind."]
["A person in a black jacket skiing through deep snow.", "A person is skiing down a snowy mountain.", "A skier is emmersed in flying snow while trying to straighten up.", "A person skiing down a mountain of fluffy snow.", "A person on skis is making their way down the mountain"]
["The skateboarder has on arm and knee pads with his helmet. ", "A person with elbow pads and knee pads on a skateboard. ", "a man is doing tricks on his skateboard in the street ", "A man with arm pads and knee pads riding a skateboard down hill.", "a guy that is riding a skateboard down a road"]
["A mostly eaten cake sitting on a table next to a knife.", "There is a small piece of bright blue cake left on a plate with a knife.", "One piece left of a blue  birthday cake.", "The last piece of blue frosted cake on a tray.", "Long knife and leftover cake on a platter."]
["A man in a wetsuit waterskiing on a lake.", "A water skier slices through the water at sunset.", "a person standing on a surfboard on a body of water.", "A person riding on water skiis in a body of water.", "an image of a man riding water skiis in ocean"]
["A knife about to cut a birthday cake in pieces.", "Knife is being poked in a cake which is colorful", "Someone slicing a birthday cake with an ice cream cone on top.", "A knife about to cut a decorative cake.", "A cake sitting at the end of a conveyor belt."]
["A person cutting up an ice cream cake sitting in the box on a table.", "Small cage being cut by a person with a green shirt on. ", "A person cutting a cake with a knife.", "A person that is standing in front of a cake.", "Decorative hate being old out of rapping to eat"]
["A young man cuts a clown shaped cake.", "a young man is cutting into a cake and looking sheepishly at the camera", "a person standing near a table with a cake ", "A man in a sport coat is cutting cake.", "A man is cutting a cake in a kitchen."]
["A man cuts a cake with a rather larger knife.", "A man is cutting a decorated cake with a long knife.", "A man is slicing birthday cake with a knife.", "A woman standing in front of a very large cake with a sharp knife.", "A man in a gray coat cuts a cake on a table."]
["A man riding a snowboard off the side of a ramp.", "A man is trying to land a ski jump.", "A skier in an orange jacket takes to the air over a small jump.", "a person with skiis on jumping over part of a ramp ", "A ski jump is attempted on a ski slope. "]
["A person on a snowboard is in the air preparing to land on a snowy slope.", "A man in a red jacket riding a snowboard.", "A person that is doing a trick in the snow.", "Photograph of man on snow board jumping through the air.", "A person jumping his or her snowboard in the air. "]
["A skier flying through the air on their skis while holding a ski pole.", "Someone jumping off a jump with skis on.", "A skier jumping in the air without ski's.", "A skier leaping through the air over the snow.", "A lady is trying to pull off a skiing trick in the winter. "]
["A picture of a carrot and a knife on a plate.", "A carrot on a cutting board lying next to a knife", "A whole carrot on a cutting board next to a small knife.", "A carrot and parring knife on a wooden cutting board.", "A carrot sitting on top of a wooden cutting board next to a small green knife."]
["there is a young boy rinding a skateboard on a ledge", "A boy skateboarding with a helmet on. ", "A man on a skateboard on a concrete lip.", "A skateboarder wearing safety equipment is silhouetted against a blue sky mid-maneuver", "A young boy in white shirt doing a trick on skateboard."]
["Skateboarder dressed in animal costume in the middle of a stunt at a skate park.", "A skate boarder is on the edge of an empty pool doing a trick.", "A man riding down the side of a skateboard ramp.", "Someone in a mascot's costume riding a skate board.", "A picture of someone in a gorilla suite doing stunts on a skate board. "]
["Skier on the top of a ski course being followed by another rider. ", "A man skiing down the snow slopes on the mountain.", "A couple of people skiing down a snow covered slope.", "The people are skiing on the small slopes.", "A man that is on ski's in the snow."]
["A woman walking next to a snowboard on a ski covered slope.", "A young woman is brightly dressed in the snow.", "A girl in snow clothing next to a snowboard.", "A woman walking in the snow with a pink bag.", "This girl is ready to brave the cold weather for snowboarding."]
["A snowboarder doing a trick in the air with a building behind", "A man on a skateboard hangs in the air mid-jump.", "A person up in the air on a snowboard", "A snowboarder is in the said after using a ramp. ", "a snow boarder flying through the air on his snow board."]
["A snowboarder is doing a trick mid air.", "a person jumping a snoe board in the air", "A man does a trick on a snowboard\n", "A person that is doing a snowboarding trip.", "A snowboarder is doing a trick in the air."]
["A person doing a flip on a snowboard.", "A snowboarder doing a flip high in the air.", "A person performing a snowboarding trick up in the air.", "A snow boarder is upside down in the air", "A professional snow boarder flying through the air"]
["A hand holding a hot dog and a table of food.", "A black table with food including a chili dog and condiments.", "a hot dog covered with mustard relish and peppers", "A tray filled with condiments next to a  hand holding a hot dog.", "A hot dog with lots of toppings and a tray."]
["a hotdog on a bun with a pickle and brown mustard", "Hotdog with pickles, onions and mustard on a bun on foil.", "A hot dog with toppings in a piece of foil.", "A sausage and pepper grinder with mustard and onions.", "A hot dog in tin foil with mustard, onions and other toppings."]
["a person jumping a snow board in the air", "A person riding a colorful snowboard in mid-air", "a snowboarder flies through the air with an onlooker taking a picture ", "The snowboarder is doing a trick in the air.", "A person that is doing a trick on the snowboard."]
["A man flying through the air while riding a snowboard.", "The person is jumping off of the bridge in the city.", "The bridge is full of people as they watch a boarder jump through the air.", "A snowboarder soars above the ground as people watch. ", "It looked like the man was riding his snow board on a city bridge."]
["A snow boarder in mid trick with the Hilton in the background", "A snowboarder does a trick beside a Hilton hotel", "The man is sky  surfing in front of the building. ", "A snowboarder catches some air in front of a hotel.", "A snowboarder suspended in air, a tall Hilton hotel behind him."]
["a person riding a snow board in the air ", "a snowboarding man rides down a big hill", "a man that is jumping a snowboard through the air", "An athlete with a snow board is performing on a city street.", "A man on a snow board making a jump"]
["A person that is doing a trick in the air.", "A snow boarder up in the air doing tricks by a bridge", "A skateboarder is high in the air over the city.", "a snowboard preforming a crazy trick in town", "A snowboarder is performing a trick over the railing of an overpass."]
["Snacks and cold drinks are kept on the table.", "Hoagie with fried food and soda on table", "Edible food items displayed on table with receipts.", "One long hot dog and bun, a order of onion rings and a tall drink await a hungry diner.", "A hot dog next to a drink and another meal"]
["A person is on there skate board in the street", "This kid is skateboarding down a sidewalk outside some stores.", "A boy skateboarding down a city sidewalk, surrounded by buildings.", "A young man on a skateboard strolling through the sidewalk.", "A young man riding a skateboard down a sidewalk."]
["a sandwich that is sitting in a bowl", "The toasted sandwich has a bite taken out of it.", "A meat sandwich sitting on top of a white plate.", "A grilled ham and cheese sandwich with a bite out of it.", "A sandwich with a few missing bites sits on a plate."]
["a hot dog with mustard, ketchup, and peppers on it", "A hot dog is all drizzled with mustard.", "a close up of a hot dog with onions", "a hot dog with onion ketchup mustard and peppers", "A hotdog with ketchup, mustard, and other toppings sitting on a plastic plate"]
["Snowboarders sit on a mountain slope in the snow.", "A couple of people with snowboards in the snow.", "Two people wearing snowboards sitting on a snowy slope.", "Two snowboarders sitting on the snow in the middle of a ski slope.", "Two people sit on a snowy hill while attached to snowboards."]
["Two men riding a ski lift above a snow covered mountain.", "A man and a woman sitting in a ski lift.", "A man and a woman riding on a ski lift.", "Two people on a ski lift on a snow covered mountain.", "an image of a couple that is skiing and on skiis"]
["Three people that are posing for a picture.", "A group of Japanese girls posing with snowboards", "Three snowboarders in snow gear and with snowboards standing next to a sing written in Japanese.", "Three women are posing with snowboard in the snow. ", "Three ladies with snow board standing under a sign on a slope."]
["A woman standing next to a black snowboard.", "a female holding a bag and a snowboard in its cover", "A woman that is standing next to a snowboard.", "A woman holding a skateboard inside the house", "A woman stands indoors next to a snowboard while holding a bag. "]
["A figurine of a little boy riding a snow board in yellow pants.", "Toy version of a small child in green and yellow on a snowboard.", "Two clay figures of snowboarders, one is jumping. ", "A clay figure is on a snowboard on the snow.", "Two young people on snow boards under the caption Docku."]
["A doughnut sitting on top of a napkin next to a cut of coffee on top of a doughnut table cloth.", "A donut on a napkin with a cup of coffee.", "A glazed donut is displayed next to an open styrofoam cup on a table with circular patterns.", "A cup of coffee next to an iced doughnut.", "a do nut and a cup of coffee on a table"]
["A person riding a snowboard across a snow covered slope.", "A person on a snow board on a snowy hill.", "Snowboarder on slope near large building in alpine area.", "A person is riding a snowboard through the snow.", "A person standing in front of  a building in a snowy mountain setting."]
["A foot long hot dog next to a pile of fries.", "A foot long hotdog and fries are on a tray.", "A long hot dog and french fries are on a plate.", "Foot long hotdog with condiments, fries and ketchup on a plastic tray", "A hotdog and fries sit upon a tray."]
["A man leaning over eating something from a table.", "A man with a black hat eating above a table ", "A man eating food over a table next to a bottle of water.", "A man is bent over a table eating food.", "A man in black beanie eating a sandwich over a table."]
["A person on a skateboard doing a trick on a table.", "Snowboarder doing tricks on tables in the snow.", "a guy on a snowboard going accros a bench", "A man dances on top of picnic tables while it snows.", "The man is practicing his tricks in the snow. "]
["People snowboarding down a hill in the mountains.", "Several snowboarders on a snow packed snowboard course.", "Snowboarders on a mountain slope with other mountains in the distance.", "A lot of white snow and a couple of skiers.", "A group of snowboarders are snowboarding down a hill."]
["a couple of people are standing out in the snow", "Two people holding snowboards are standing in the snow.", "People are carrying snowboards and walking in the snow.", "A couple of people standing on top of a snow covered slope.", "Two people standing next to each other and holding snowboards."]
["A man holding a half eaten hot dog and a dollar.", "A man eating a hot dog and holding up a dollar bill. ", "A man with his mouth open holds a hot dog and a dollar bill.", "A man has a hotdog in one hand and a dollar in the other.", "Surprised eater flashes a half eaten hot dog and a dollar."]
["A young boy eating a hot dog on top of a paper in a basket.", "a kid eating sausages on a table and vegetable", "A child takes a big bit out of an over-sized hot dog", "a little boy bending down taking a bit of a hotdog", "A boy eating a trying to bite a hot dog without picking it up. "]
["A table topped with lots of ham and cheese", "Sandwiches of different types sit in the open on the table.", "Stacks of ham sandwiches sitting on a lunch counter.", "Several little sandwiches sitting on a wooden table.", "A bunch of sandwiches on a bun are sitting on a table."]
["A tray filled with two foot long hot dogs and a regular hot dog next to onion rings.", "a tray with hot dogs and some fries ", "a couple of hotdogs and other foods on a tray", "A couple of foot long hot dogs next to a regular one and onion rings.", "The tray has two large hot dogs and one regular hot dog. "]
["A person that is snowboarding in the snow.", "a person with one foot in a snowboard", "A young person stepping on a snowboard in preparation.", "There is snow on top of the snow board.", "A person stepping onto a snowboard in the snow"]
["A tray with a hot dog next to fries and a drink.", "A hot dog and french fries are on a plate.", "A meal tray with a hot dog and fries.", "The hotdog with mustard and ketchup has a side of french fries.", "A hot dog and fries are served on a tray."]
["A young boy wearing pajamas eating in a kitchen.", "A toddler in a blue shirt stuffing a donut in his mouth. ", "The young boy is eating a donut in the kitchen.", "a close up of a child eating a doughnut ", "a small child is biting in to some food"]
["A woman holding up a doughnut over a table.", "A woman holding up a large pink frosted doughnut.", "The woman is holding a donut with icing on it.", "A woman in purple holds a pink glazed donut.", "Woman in glasses looks over as she's holding up a donut"]
["A woman sucking on a very large sausage with her breast hanging out.", "cute babe sucks on a sausage at the bar", "A girl putting a hot dog up into her mouth.", "A woman taking a bite of a long hot dog on a stick.", "A woman in lingerie suggestively eats a sausage."]
["A group of people enjoying pizza and wine.", "A group of people are preparing to eat pizza.", "A group of people sitting around a table with pizzas and a laptop.", "A family sits around a table to eat dinner.", "Several people seated around a table of food and drink eating and looking the camera."]
["A snowboarder with goggles stands still on the slope.", "A man standing on a snow board in the snow.", "A snow boarded stops to pose for a picture.", "A snowboarder waits on the top of a mountain.", "A man stands on a snowboard on a snowy cliff in front of rocks."]
["A man sitting in the snow riding a snowboard.", "A man is sitting in the snow on a snowboard", "A woman that has fallen in the snow while snow boarding.", "A snowboarder is taking a break atop a snowy hill.", "A snowboarder sits at the top of the run."]
["A box of donuts are sitting on a desk.", "A box of a variety of pastries on a table", "pink box filled with various frosted pastries ", "a big pink box that has a lot of doughnuts in it", "A pink box filled with lots of different flavored donuts."]
["An person is doing something at this time that is marvelous. \n", "A man sitting on top of  a snow covered slope.", "A snowboarder kneels over in the snow to pose for the camera.", "A snowboarder kneels down out in the snow.", "A man with goggles in sitting on a snowboard."]
["A man jumping in the air on a snowboard.", "a person flying in the air while on a ski board.", "A snowboarder flies through the air in a mountain landscape", "a person jumping a snow board in the air", "A snowboarder is is the air over the snow."]
["A person performing a jump on a snowboard.", "A person jumping up into the air on a snowboard.", "A snowboarder performing a trick in the air.", "A man holds onto his snowboard while floating above a snowy slope on an overcast day.", "A man flying through the air on top of a snowboard."]
["A person spreading jam on bread over a pizza.", "A pizza is sitting on a table where a person is spreading butter and honey on bread.", "a large round pizza on a paper on top of a table", " A man spreads a jelly on a piece of bread while a pie sits in front of him.", "A pizza with white sauce is on a white cutting board."]
["A group of people standing outside of a ski lodge.", "A cabin on a snowy mountain is surrounded by skiers.", "A members shack for skiiers and snowboarders on a mountain.", "A group of people stand outside a cabin on a snowy hillside.", "A ski lodge at the top of a snowy mountain, skier gathered outside."]
["A man in a beanie sitting with a red and white snowboard.", "A person is sitting in the snow on a snowboard.", "A man on an upturned snowboard in the snow.", "A snow boarder sitting on the snow at night time.", "A man sittin gin the snow in the dark with a snowboard on this feet."]
["Two men stand by a large desert pizza.", "a huge desert pizza with someone trying to eat it", "People standing by a rack with a pizza.", "A pizza with dessert toppings on it in four different ways.", "A couple of men stand in front of a huge doughnut."]
["A woman sitting at table with a man eating food.", "Two people are sitting at a table eating a large meal.", "A man and a woman eating a meal while being watched by onlookers.", "People at an outdoor table eating pizza while surrounded by a crowd.", "two people eating at a table and many people are watching them"]
["a person at a table eating pizza ", "A blond woman sitting at a table eating food wearing a t-shirt that says \"Stop staring at my donuts\".", "A very pretty lady eating a big pizza.", "A woman is wearing a donut shirt while eating donuts.", "a woman eating while others are standing around"]
["The man snowboarding down the mountain side. ", "A man on his ski board next to a mountain.", "A person snowboarding down some snowy slopes with tall mountains in the background", "A person on a snowboard in the snow.", "A man that is riding a snowboard on a mountain."]
["A partially eaten burrito in foil wrapping on a desk.", "The burrito set on the napkin is about half eaten", "A taco salad sits on white paper near a table with a lap top.", "THERE IS A LAP TOP ON THE DESK WITH A GYRO", "A huge burrito contains rice, black beans, and guacamole."]
["A cook book for making donuts with donuts and coffee pictures on it's cover.", "A picture of glazed donuts and coffee on a table.", "A Spanish advertisement for two sweet glazed donuts.", "A sign is describing delicious glazed donuts on a napkin.", "Two doughnuts on a napkin next to a cup of tea and a Spanish ad."]
["a box of doughnuts on a table ", "Boxes of donuts on a table with a message in a box lid.", "The table has two open boxes full of donuts on it.", "an office table with a box of donuts and a vase", "two boxes of donuts sitting on a table "]
["A woman eating a giant doughnut covered in sprinkles.", "A girl eating an enormous glazed donut with sprinkles", "An woman holding an enormous sprinkle covered donut.", "A girl with glasses attempting to eat a giant doughnut.", "A girl is looking at a large donut with a bite taken out of it."]
["A piece of bread that is on a plate.", "A sandwich is on a plate near a banana.", "There is food on a white plate that is on a wood table.", "A half of a sandwich sitting on top of a white plate.", "A partially eaten sandwich on a plate near a banana."]
["Dozens of donuts are under a glass display case.", "A doughnut display case is shown with a varitey.", "a few trays of doughnuts under some glass", "A display case of many different kinds of a donuts. ", "A doughnut case at a shop with many offerings"]
["A very close up look at a tasty looking pastry.", "A glazed donut on tissue paper on a tile surface.", "The glazed donut is on wax paper in someone's hand. ", "a glazed yeast doughnut on a paper sheet ", "A single glazed donut resting in the palm of someone's hand."]
["Girl in a bakery pointing at a donut display.", "A person pointing at a type of doughnut in a display.", "an arm pointing at many different donuts in a case", "Someone who is pointing at some chocolate covered doughnuts.", "A display case filled with lots of donuts."]
["a woman is making some food in a bowl", "A woman frying doughnuts in a deep bowl on a stove.", "A woman is making donuts in a pan.", "The older woman is frying donuts in her pan.", "An elder woman is frying up some donuts in the pan."]
["Half a dozen donuts from Krispy Kreme of various different flavors.", "Half a dozen decorated donuts in a cardboard box", "Assortment doughnuts displayed in white takeout cardboard box.", "A box full of different types of doughnuts.", "a box of donuts one has green topping another brown and another has sprinkles"]
["The two surfers are read to take on the waves.", "there are two men standing on the beach with surf boards", "Two surfers with surfboards walk upon a beach.", "A pair of surfers pause on a populated beach.", "Two surfers are standing on a beach holding their surfboards."]
["A couple of young men riding bikes down a street.", "A kid wearing a backpack rides his bike near a beach.", "A couple of people are riding bicycles on the beach. ", "A young man riding his bike through the park.", "Two kids on bikes with one having a backpack."]
["a girl wearing a krispy kreme hat with donuts ", "Half dozen doughnuts displayed by worker in cardboard box.", "a woman is smiling while holding a box of doughnuts", "A lady in a donut shop is displaying donuts in a box.", "A girl is a Krispy Kreme hat holding abox of donuts."]
["Four donuts in a box with a variety of frostings.", "a close up of many different kinds of doughnuts", "A group of donuts sitting in a box.", "an image of a box of donuts in a box", "A group of different types of doughnuts in a box."]
["A group of men are cutting a cake.", "A group of men with military decorations cut a cake.", "Three male military officers are cutting a cake.", "a group of men cut into a giant cake ", "Three men in military uniform cutting a cake."]
["A group of military men cutting up a sheet cake.", "Two Navy officers from different countries are cutting a cake together.", "Military personnelfrom several countries preparing to cut ceremonial cake.", "Six men in uniform are about to enjoy some cake. ", "Soldiers watch two commanding officers cut a cake with a sword."]
["Men in uniform are around a birthday cake.", "Four soldiers celebrate someone's birthday with a cake.", "A group of air force men standing over a cake.", "Several military men, dressed in fatigues, prepare to eat cake.", "A group of military officers cutting a cake"]
["Men in uniform watching two other men in uniform cut a cake. ", "Men of the Navy working together at a function.", "Four men wearing fatigues stand near a table with blue chairs.", "five men wearing blue uniforms are getting some food", "Soldiers celebrating a very special occasion with friends and fellow soldiers."]
["A man carrying a surfboard out of the ocean.", "A young man is leaving the water with his surf board.", "The youth carrying a surfboard is walking along the beach.", "A surfer in red carries his surf board out of the ocean.", "A guy is walking in the ocean holding a surf board."]
["Children pose around a surfboard in front of a lifeguard station.", "the girl is standing next to a very large surfboard ", "s small girl is standing in the snow for a picture", "A young girl stands next to a surfboard on the beach while a young boy stands behind it.", "A small child standing next to a large wooden surfboard."]
["a tray with various foods and beverages on it", "A meal and a coke sitting on a pulled down airline tray.", "a plate of food on a person's lap in an airline seat", "A table topped with lots of containers filled with food.", "Airplane food sitting on a display with people looking on. "]
["a person that is eating little hamburgers by a computer", "A perso holding a small burger with an open laptop on a table.", "A person holding a hamburger with a bite missing next to a laptop computer.", "a man is holding up a tiny burger", "A person holding a hamburger near some fries and a laptop."]
["A plate of food with a bite taken out of the hamburger.", "A hamburger with a bite out of it sitting on top of a paper plate.", "A plate of food on a paper plate which incldues a hamburger with a bite taken out of it and various salads and vegtables.", "a plate has many different foods on it", "A messy plate of food, including a burger, various pastas, and salad."]
["Cake topped with fruit and whipped cream sits on a plate.", "A slice of cake on a plate topped with oranges and whipped cream.", "fruit covered desert bread drizzled with sauce on plate", "A piece of pound cake topped with ice cream and peaches.", "A piece of bread with whipped cream and sauce on it. "]
["A couple of sandwiches sitting on a paper plate.", "Two burgers with lettuce on them are near potato salad.", "Two sandwiches and potato salad sit on a paper plate", "Two burgers and a macaroni salad on a paper plate", "Two small sandwiches are on a paper plate along with a side."]
["The young men are standing behind a barrier with their surfboards.", "A crowd of people holding onto their surf boards.", "A barrier with a row of people behind it holding up surfboards.", "Many people behind a barricade hold up four surf boards. ", "People behind a gate and some are holding surfboards. "]
["A man riding on top of a wave on a surfboard.", "A surfer rides, and is almost overtaken by a wave.", "A shirtless guy is riding down a rapid.", "A man is riding his surfboard down a waterfall.", "a man in the ocean being engulfed by water "]
["A young man riding a surfboard on top of a wave.", "A surfer is coming down from riding a wave.", "Man going  into the water and waves on his surfboard.", "A man in the ocean on a surfboard, riding in with a wave crashing behind him.", "A man on a surfboard in front of a small wave."]
["A man walking into the ocean while holding a surfboard.", "Surfer holding his board walking towards the water. ", "an image of a man preparing to surf", "Surfer in board shorts walking in to the ocean", "The ocean is waiting for the eager surfer."]
["A two layered chocolate cake topped with white flowers. ", "A chocolate cake on a plate on a table ", "There is a chocolate cake on the table.", "A table with a very big pretty looking cake.", "A two tier cake siting on a dining room table"]
["A decorated hair salon cake with brush, comb, razors, scissors and shaving cream ", "A cake decorated with things from a barbershop", "The cake is decorated in a barber shop theme.", "A cake decorated with icing and shaving accessories. ", "A chocolate cake with a bottle of shaving cream scissors and a brush sitting on top of it."]
["A girl in bikini standing with surfboard on the beach.", "A woman standing next to a surfboard at the ocean.", "A woman is posing on the beach with a surfboard", "A woman in a bikini stands next to a surfboard.", "A woman wearing a bikini poses while she stands against her surfboard"]
["Several young children play soccer with two older men.", "kids are enjoying a nice game of soccer", "A man playing soccer with some kids on a field.", "young people playing soccer in the grass by a structure", "A group of people standing in the grass with a soccer ball."]
["A cup of coffee surrounded by orange juice, fruit and bread. ", "A cup of coffee is on a table with juice, bread, and peppers.", "a cup of coffee and a sandwich on a plate", "A cup of coffee has a fancy white design in the coffee.", "A cappuccino and orange juice sit on the table."]
["Two men who are standing in the grass near a soccer ball.", "Two young men play a game of soccer on a field.", "A couple of boys playing a game of soccer.", "Two men engaged in a soccer competition on grass", "Two men running for a soccer ball on a field."]
["A young man riding a wave on his surf board.", "A man is about to fall off of his surfboard in the ocean.", "The surfer rides the ocean wave, balancing on the board ", "a man surfing on a surfboard in the water", "A man on a surfboard in the middle of a wave."]
["a man standing on an upside down surfboard on the sand ", "A man riding on a surfboard while on sand.", "a man standing sideways on a surf board", "A man poses on a surfboard on the beach.", "a man that is standing on top of a surfboard"]
["A photo of two youth soccer teams competing.", "Little kids play a game of soccer in a field.", "A group of young men kicking around a ball.", "The small children play soccer on a sunny day.", "Children run after a soccer ball in the grass."]
["A group of young children running on a field.", "Some little kids are playing soccer on a field.", "Kids playing a game of soccer in the rain.", "Young boy soccer players running on a field around observers.", "Children are playing a game of soccer in the rain as parents stand on the sideline.  "]
["A group of young children playing soccer on a field.", "Children kicking a soccer ball in the middle of a game.", "four kids are playing soccer with a red ball", "A group of children playing with a soccer ball.", "A group of young playing a game of soccer."]
["a female sitting on a bench with a sandwhich up to her face", "A young woman eating sitting in a busy city.", "A woman is eating a pita on the street.", "A woman in black and white polka dots eats a sandwich on a bench.", "A woman eating a sandwich filled with lettuce."]
["A man rides a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.", "Surfer in wet suit riding a breaking wave.", "a guy on top of a wave on his surf board", "A person, in a wet suit, standing on a surf board, rides the the crest of a moderately high green-grey wave.  ", "A man on a surfboard riding a wave."]
["a bunch of people playing soccer in a field", "some boys are on a grass field playing soccer", "some people are playing ball in a field", "Several children standing in the grass playing soccer.", "Young children playing soccer on a grass field."]
["A group of navy men cutting a massive cake on top of a white table.", "Four men cutting a cake titled, \"Malaysia 2013,\" with the U.S. and Malaysian flags.", "Four men, 3 of whom are dressed in military attire, use a cake-cutting knife to cut into a cake that is decorated with United States and Malaysian flags and colors. ", "Party goers cutting a cake aboard a ship.", "A group of men cutting into a celebratory cake"]
["A laptop computer is sitting on a desk.", "A laptop sits on a desk along with some speakers and a fish tank.", "A laptop and a set of speakers stands on a table.", "Various computer appliances sitting on a back-lit desk.", "a desk with a laptop, some speakers and a mouse on it"]
["a room with a small desk and bed, there is a cat laying on the bed.", "A cat laying on a bed in a small room.", "A cat sleeps on a bed in a small room.", "A cat sleeping on a bed next to a window in a room. ", "A white cat with black spots is curled up on a bed."]
["A group of young children playing with a soccer ball.", "a group of children play a game of soccer ", "Small children in red and blue uniforms, kicking a red soccer ball.", "A group of small kids playing soccer on  a field.", "A group of kids standing around a soccer ball."]
["Two military personnel cutting a cake together before other military members.", "A woman cutting a cake with a knife. ", "A man and a woman cutting a cake with a large knife.", "Two military personnel slicing a cake while others look on.", "Two soldiers are slicing a cake with a knife."]
["A star hangs upon a canopied bed in a bedroom.", "A star shaped light hangs above a canopy bed.", "A bed sitting in a room next to a shelf filled with dolls.", "This seems to be a little girl's room with baby dolls on the shelf. ", "A lighted curtain draped over a bed and star light."]
["A group of solders cutting up a sheet cake.", "three people in uniform cutting a cake on a table.", "Three members of the military cut an anniversary cake while a large group looks on.", "Three men cut a cake with a large group of men behind them.", "Three people in uniform cutting a cake with others watching."]
["a person that is cutting some black and white cake", "A person cutting up a soccer ball cake.", "This is a picture of a person taking out a slice of the cake.", "A person cutting a piece of cake from a soccer ball cake.", "Someone is cutting a soccer shaped cake with a spoon"]
["A surfer gains her balance on a small wave near her friends", "Two women surfing while one goes for a swim.", "The woman is riding the waves on her surfboard.", "A girl is standing on a surfboard in the water.", "Two people on surfboards with a third in the water."]
["A group of women on various color surfboards in water.", "A group of young people water surfing in the ocean", "Woman standing up catching a wave surfing while other surfers watch.\n.", "Some surfers are on boards in the blue ocean.", "Three surfers and one swimmer watching a beginner surf"]
["A young woman prepares to slice a giant birthday cookie!", "A woman standing at a counter cutting a piece of cake.", "A woman cutting a birthday cake on a tray.", "woman cutting a birthday cake with a knife.", "A girl cutting into a colorful birthday cake."]
["Wedding couple cuts cake in front of wedding party", "A man holding a woman at a wedding, looking at a crowd of people.", "A large group surrounding a bride and groom.", "Bride and groom prepare to cut the wedding cake.", "Two people stand near a table, both cutting a cake, while others look on."]
["A group of children playing a game of soccer.", "Small children engaged in a soccer game on a grass field.", "a couple of little kids playing soccer ", "a group of peoople sitting in lawn chairs watching children run down a grassy field", "A girl and a boy running towards a soccer ball in their uniforms. "]
["A group of people playing with soccer balls in the grass.", "Two boys are playing soccer and a girl is watching them.", "Three young people are practicing their soccer skills in a park.", "A group of young me kicking around a soccer ball.", "Three teenagers are practicing playing soccer in the park."]
["Three uniformed men simultaneously cutting a sheet cake", "Three men who are cutting a cake together.", "Three service members are cutting a large cake.", "Three people are cutting a big cake with a flag decorated on it. ", "Three military members in uniforms slicing a cake."]
["Three men are holding a knife together in order to cut a cake and people are standing around watching.", "a military event with a group of people cutting a cake", "Military members cut a cake together at a ceremony. ", "Four men in military uniforms are smiling while holding an item next to a table as other people look on.", "A group of gentleman cutting into a celebratory cake"]
["a bed two lights  two white pillows and some drawers", "The alarm clock, night stands, and small lamps sit aside the bed.", "A mission style bed is dressed with bright white sheets and a striped folded quilt sitting in between two matching nightstands and lamps.", "Small bed with blue sheets with two small lamps at its head. ", "A dim lit simple bed is placed in a room."]
["A couple of people standing next to a gray car in a  forest.", "Two people that are knelt down beside a car in the woods.", " A group of people around a car in the dirt.", "Two people trying to free an automobile mired in mud on a dirt road.", "Two people who are looking at the lower half of a car."]
["the children are running and playing soccer together", "A bunch of little kids playing a game of soccer.", "A group of young men kicking around a soccer ball.", "Many young children kick around a ball on grass", "Several young children playing a game of soccer."]
["A person on a surfboard in the water.", "A woman riding on a surfboard on her stomach.", "The man is getting ready to go into the water to surf the wave.", "A man holding a surfboard watching a woman on a surfboard. ", "People in a large body of a water using surfboards."]
["Children involved in a soccer game in motion trying to move the ball.", "A bunch of boys and girls playing soccer.", "A group of children play a game of soccer.", "Children playing soccer outside on a soccer field", "children are playing football game in the ground."]
["A bed with a wooden headboard next to a window.", "A bed with a white comforter sits against a wall with a red design.", "The bedroom has a red and white patterned wall behid the bed.", "This is an image of a hotel room.", "A empty bed sits in the middle of the room.  "]
["A man standing in a kitchen preparing food.", "a man standing in a kitchen taking a picture of a cake ", "A man taking a picture of a cake on his phone.", "A man using a cellphone to take a picture of a cake.", "A man in grey shirt taking a photograph of a cake."]
["a person is riding on a surfboard at the beach", "Two men are in playing in the ocean.", "Man swimming next to a another on a surf board", "A picture of a man swimming into a wave looking a man paddling on a surf board while riding a wave. ", "a couple of people on surf boards riding on some waves "]
["A close up view of a pizza sitting on a table with a soda in the back.", "a restaurant table covered with a pepperoni pizza and a drink ", "A pizza sitting on top of a wooden cutting board.", "A pizza is sitting on the table with a cup of coca cola.", "a very big pizza sits in front of a cup of soda"]
["a close up of a plate of food on a table near a cup of water", "A white plate topped with a small pizza on top of a table.", "We see a delicious pastry on a plate ready to eat.", "A plate of cheesy bread with a cup of water.", "a bread baked with cheese sits in a white dish on a tray"]
["my mom must have cleaned up my room today.", "A bedroom scene with focus on a made bed.", "A room loaded with diverse sorts of things all around. \n", "A bed that has a cover and pillow on it.", "A bed made with intricate, green bedding and pillows."]
["Pizza with various topping on a table with wine.", "A plate with a pizza in the middle of the table.", "A gourmet pizza is sitting on a table next to some wine glasses.", "A pizza is sitting on the plate on the dining table", "A gourmet pizza with a menu and fancy glassware."]
["A man leaning on his hands on a tennis court.", "Three people playing tennis in a tennis court.", "Three men are playing tennis on an outdoor court.", "Three men playing a game on a tennis court.", "There are several people on a tennis court."]
["Small cheese pizza sitting on a white plate on a table. ", "A quiche is on a serving tray on a table.", "A pizza sitting on to of a white plate covered in cheese.", "a small plate of pizza at a dining table\n", "A food entree sits on top of a plate."]
["A man standing on a grass tennis court and holding a tennis racket in his hand.", "This is an old photo of a man that is playing tennis", "A black and white photo of a older man paying tennis.", "Black and white photograph of a man playing tennis.", "The man is holding an old time tennis racket."]
["A wooden desk with a wooden chair under it.", "A desk in a room with many books. ", "A bedroom desk with a Chicago picture near it.", "A desk in a room has a poster by it.", "A desk, dresser, stacks of books are in a room."]
["A lady eating a slice of deep dish pizza.", "a woman eating a piece of pan pizza.", "A woman sitting at a table with plate and pan of pizza.", "A woman sits at a table with a pan of pasta in front of her, and a slice on her plate", "A woman sitting in front of a pot on a table"]
["Black and white photograph of a living room's large television", "Large television monitor on credenza displayed in living room.", "there is a small tv and coffee table in the living room", "An elegant modern living room, with a couch, coffee table, and entertainment center.", "The living room has a couch, a table, and an entertainment center with a television."]
["A cluttered living room with a tree in it", "a brown floor a table a plant and some books ", "A living room filled with furniture and wooden floors.", "A living room with a variety of storage spaces is shown.", "a room with a desk with books and a plant"]
["A pizza cutter shaped like a spaceship ready to cut a pizza. ", "Shiny pizza cutter being held over a square shaped personal pizza.", "A shiny model of the USS Enterprise from Star Trek being held over pizza", "The uss enterprise hovering over the top of a square pepperoni pizza.", "A pizza cutter is designed to look like the Enterprise"]
["A cat sleeping on a bed with a small TV in a bedroom.", "a long hair cat laying on a white bed", "A striped cat is sitting on a bed with a television in the background.", "A cat is lying on the bed in front of a television", "Small grey cat laying down on a sheet in a small living room. "]
["There is a television set which has been dumped on a beach with seaweed. ", "a television burried in the sand on a beach", "A view of a TV in a bunch of seaweed, near the ocean.", "A TV sitting in the sand next to the ocean.", "A tv sticking out of the sand on the beach "]
["In a restaurant kitchen, a woman prepare pizzas.", "A worker puts toppings on a pizza at a pizza shop", "A woman making pizzas inside of a professional kitchen.", "a woman making a pizza that sits in front of her ", "an employee in a red shirt sprinkling cheese on a pizza"]
[" A computer and miscellaneous items on a wooden desk", "A computer desk has various accessories on it", "A fairly neat computer desk with a green office chair.", "a desk with a monitor a keyboard and a mouse", "A desktop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk."]
["Young boy in the dunes with the ball tennis racket", "The boy in yellow looks excited to be playing tennis.", "a boy holding a tennis racket in a gym", "A child swinging a tennis racquet while others watch.", "a close up of a child with a racket "]
["A young boy attempts to hit a ball with a tennis racquet.", "A very small cute boy holding a racket.", "A small boy playing tennis while holding a racquet in his hand.", "A boy playing with a tennis racket hitting a ball.", "a young boy playing with a tennis racket"]
["A red chair in a room next to a wooden table.", "A fan, clock, table and chair in a room with blue carpet.", "A sparsely furnished waiting area with clock, table, fan and chair is pictured.", "a clock, a fan a desk and a chair in a room", "Simple office with red chair and wooden table."]
["a young boy slices a pizza in the kitchen", "A boy in a tank top poses while cutting pizza in the kitchen.", "A man standing in front of a pizza on top of a pan.", "A young kid getting ready to cut a pizza. ", "A boy in a tank top cutting a pizza in a kitchen."]
["A wooden cutting board topped with a pizza on a table.", "Fresh pizza and wine on an outdoor table.", "a pizza on a wooden surface on a table", "Sitting on a table is a pizza that is sitting on a wooden pot holder along with a bottle of wine, pizza cutter, plates and glasses.", "The small pizza is next to a bottle of wine."]
["A group of people sitting at a table with a pizza plate.", "An Asian family that is eating pizza together.", "The parents sit at a table with two children between them.", "A woman, girl, boy and man sit at a mosaic tiled table that holds a plate with several slices of pizza on it.", "A family sitting around a table with a meal of pizza"]
["A metal counter topped with lots of cheesy pizzas.", "a counter filled with assorted sliced pizzas on pans ", "Several pans of pizzas with different toppings. ", "Different types of pizza are in hot pans on a metal table.", "Several pizza sitting together on a platter waiting to be served."]
["three tennis players on a court playing tennis", "Several people are gathered on a tennis court with rackets in hand.", "Three men on a tennis court photographed through a metal gate", "A group of tennis players are standing on a tennis court.", "A photo taken from behind a fence of tennis players on the court."]
["A man is holding a tennis racket while on the court.", "A man behind the fence is running with a tennis racket.", "A person is doing something that is quite fun.\n", "A man plays a game of tennis during the day.", "Man playing tennis on a fenced in tennis court."]
["A tennis player aims for her return on a blue tennis court. ", "A female tennis player hitting the ball with racket", "A woman is playing some tennis and ready to swing. ", "a female tennis  player in a gray shirt playing tennis", "A girl swings a net a tennis ball. "]
["a man with a tennis racquet swinging at a ball", "Male tennis player rushing hard to hit a ball.", "A man playing  a game of tennis hitting a ball", "A man reaching for a tennis ball with his racquet.", "A man extending a racquet toward a tennis ball."]
["A girl reaching to hit a tennis ball.", "A tennis player holding a racket in her hand, being watched by several people.", "The tennis player is wearing white and is at the serving line. ", "A woman in tennis whites looks up as she holds her racket and an arm in the air.", "a tennis player getting ready to hit a serve"]
["A sexy young lady holding a tennis ball and tennis racquet.", "a lady about to serve a tennis ball.", "a girl in all white  getting ready to serve the tennis ball", "A woman with a tennis ball and racket in her hand during a game.", "A tennis player starts to hit the ball with the racket"]
["A man that is on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A man hitting a tennis ball on the tennis court.", "a man throwing up a tennis ball during  a serve ", "A tennis player is mid serve during a professional match.", "A man holding a tennis racket in front of a crowd."]
["A couple of young beautiful women sitting at a table covered in plates.", "Women seated at a table are eating fish.", "A table with different kinds of food on them sitting on a table.", "People sitting at a table eating and drinking a variety of different things.", "People gathered around a table eating lots of food."]
["a man in a blue shirt is playing tennis", "A man with a tennis racquet about to hit a ball.", "A man is playing a tennis in front of a chain link fence.", "a young man prepare to hit the tennis ball with his racquet", "A man playing tennis preparing to swing the racket. "]
["a woman swinging a tennis racquet on a tennis court", "A girl hitting a tennis ball with a racket", "A woman with a racquet held in her hand.", "A woman swinging a tennis racquet while on a court.", "a woman holding onto her tennis racket as she plays the game "]
["A tennis player prepares to hit a forehand shot in a tennis match.", "A young tennis player in action on the court.", "A woman is swinging a racquet towards a tennis ball.", "A girl in a lunge position and arms out, holding a tennis racket back, from the front, on a tennis court with fence and trees and grass behind.", "A woman swinging a tennis racket on a court."]
["a close up of a pizza on a wooden spoon", "a homemade pizza with uneven borders sitting on a giant wooden spatula", "Fresh baked pizza resting on a peel sitting on a counter.", "A pizza with bacon and cheese on a wood pan handle.", "a big pizza sits on top of a oven board "]
["A pizza that is as big as the plate.", "A large cheese pizza sitting on a white plate.", "A pizza that is sitting on a plate on a table.", "A pizza sitting on top of a pan on top of a table.", "A large cheese pizza on a white plate"]
["A woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A young girl swings her tennis racket at a ball.", "A girl in a hoodie is swinging a tennis racket.", "A young girl swings a tennis racket on a court.", "A girl wearing a black hoodie playing a game of tennis."]
["A boy is preparing to hit a tennis ball. ", "A small child is holding a tennis racket and hitting balls.", "A person on a court with a tennis racket.", "A small boy in action with a racket on a court.", "a child holding a tennis racket hitting a ball"]
["Small home made pizza with olives and pepperoni.", "A pan pizza with pepperoni and sausage on the table.", "Large slices of mushrooms, pepperoni, bacon and jalapenos virtually disappear under the cheese on the pizza.", "A pizza sits on a tray on a table.", "A pizza with multiple topping ready to be cut."]
["A young man holding a tennis racquet in his hand.", "a man that is standing next to a fence with a racket", "a young boy is holding a tennis racket on a court", "A young man holding a tennis racket at the tennis court.", "Male athlete ready for ball during outdoor tennis game."]
["a pan of pizza on a table next to wine", "an image of a table with a slice of pizza on the table", "On a table sits a pizza, a glass and bottle of wine.", "A filtered photograph of a pizza and wine.", "A pizza sitting on a cutting board near a bottle and a wine glass."]
["A desk with a monitor, keyboard and a laptop next to it. ", "A desk with an Apple computer next to a laptop. ", "A desktop computer sitting next to a  laptop computer.", "The desk is very neatly arranged with electronics.", "Electronic equipment displayed on neat desk next to bed."]
["This is a wall to hold dental tools.", "An array of toothbrushes and mouth picks hang on display.", "Various dental hygiene tools are tethered to a board.", "Dental instruments are pinned to a whiteboard with holes in it.", "A shelf of of dental hygienic tools. "]
["Two toothbrushes sit inside a cup next to tooth paste.", "A yellow cup containing  blue and yellow tooth brushes.", "Two toothbrushes sit in a yellow cup next to toothpaste.", "A picture of a toothbrush and some toothaches.", "a plastic yellow cup with two tooth brushes and some toothpaste"]
["A desk with a laptop, monitor, keyboard, mouse and speakers.", "A simple computer desk with a desktop monitor keyboard and mouse and a laptop computer.", "A wooden desk features a laptop, computer monitor, keyboard, and other electronics.", "A desk with many electronics sitting on it including two computers.", "A laptop and an external monitor and keyboard are sitting on a table with various other electronic devices."]
["A computer on a desk with multiple speakers", "The computer on the desk shows an image of a car. ", "A white car is shown on a computer monitor.", "A desktop computer is displayed on a glass top desk.", "A computer is lit up to show a small car."]
["a laptop and a monitor on a wood desk", "a workstation in an office with a laptop, wii, and a desktop computer", "A computer work station including desk, keyboard, and monitor", "A computer, keyboard, monitor, and other electronic equipment is sitting on top of a desk.", "A person's desk top computer set up with a lap top in front of the desktop screen. "]
["A living room with tv and speakers, sofa and coffee table", "there is a tv and a surround system in the living room", "A living room with the TV showing Final Fantasy scenes.", "A flat-screen television sits on a stand next to a wall.", "a living room with a view of a couch, tv  sitting on a wooden floor"]
["A magenta toothbrush sits next to a pair of pliers.", "A tooth brush sits next to a tool.", "A pink tooth brush is laying on the table next to some pliers.", "A tooth brush and pair of pliers sit together on a table.", "A tooth brush sitting on a table next to pliers."]
["A black and white shot of a toothbrush on the sink rim", "a toothbrush is laying on a white sink", "A toothbrush laying on the sink's counter with toothpaste on it. ", "A toothbrush is sitting on a bathroom sink edge.", "a close up of a tooth brush on a sink "]
["The man is holding a package of a brand new toothbrush. ", "A guy holding his fist up to a toothbrush.", "A man making a funny face at a toothbrush.", "A young man is screaming at a tooth brush.", "A man holding up a tooth brush as he yells at it."]
["Two women standing next to each other while holding up a mirror.", "Wearing black, two women stand while one holds a toothbrush next to the other's mouth.", "There is a lady checking another lady's teeth.", "Two women have a mirror and dental instrument.", "A woman holds a mirror and tool up to a woman's mouth."]
["Three people sitting with game controllers in their hands.", "A family sitting down holding Nintendo Wii controllers.", "A group of kids playing video games on chairs", "Adult man with two childern, one girl, one boy all holding Wii controllers.", "A family of three plays a video game together."]
["A man brushing his child's teeth while the child sits in a chair.", "A man brushing a small toddlers teeth with a blue toothbrush.", "Person holding baby's head while they brush their teeth", "A man brushing the teeth of a baby sitting in a highchair. ", "It is never too young to teach a child about tooth brushing."]
["A man holding a Nintendo Wii controller in front of a TV.", "The boy is playing the video game on the wall mounted t.v.", "A boy is standing in a living room playing video games on a wall hung flatscreen tv.", "a person standing in a living room in front of a tv playing nintendo wii", "A boy playing a video game in front or a flat screen television that is mounted on a wall."]
["Young woman with long brown hair in very dark grey jump top holding electronic instrument like a remote control.", "A young woman holding a video game remote", "A beautiful young lady holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.", "A young woman stands with a Wii remote in her hand.", "Girl standing with a Wii controller in her hand"]
["Three ladies using music instruments in a living room.", "A group of ladies enjoying a video game.", "Two women are singing and playing karaoke together. ", "Three women playing Wii rock band in a living room.", "A group of adults playing rock band with each other. "]
["Four women standing in a living room, playing a video game.", "A group of 4 women play a Wii game while others watch.", "Group of girls standing in living room holding Wii remotes while others watch", "Group of adults with four women playing video game using controllers.", "A group of people gathered in a living room playing Wii."]
["A cat has its paw on a game controller remote.", "A PERSON HAS MADE A CAT PUT ITS PAW ON THE REMOTE.", "A man is holding a cat and remote control.", "A person tries to get a cat interested in a Wii-mote.", "A black cat holding a Nintendo Wii controller."]
["A person is holding a video game console controller", "a close up of a person holding a nintendo wii remote", "A hand holding a game remote with the thumb on select.", "A person is holding a video game remote in their hand.", "a man holding a Wii game controller playing a game"]
["A woman and a man playing a game with remote controllers.", "Two people stand in a room and play a video game", "A man and woman are standing up in a classroom, playing the wii.", "Two people are playing Wii boxing in a room.", "two people standing in a room playing nintendo wii"]
["A group of people standing on floor mats at an event.", "Four guys in a room playing with a wii.", "A couple of guys playing a video game together.", "A man plays with his friends in a room.", "Two men playing a motion controlled video game together."]
["A group of friends playing a game on the Nintendo Wii.", "There are some men playing a video game together", "Group of men playing a game with Nintendo Wii controllers.", "Four men standing in a room with Wii video game controllers in their hands.", "A group of men play Wii on top of yoga mats."]
["A living room with a fire place and a red couch.", "a white living room with a red couch a book case a rug and table", "a living room with hardwood floors, red couch and fireplace", "A well lit and organized living room sits empty.", "A living room has a maroon couch and overhead fan."]
["A man and a woman standing next to each other.", "Two people in a room playing Wii with chairs and a counter in the background.", "a man and a woman playing with electronic devices in their hand", "a man and a women playing Nintendo Wii in a house", "A man and a woman playing a game. "]
["A man standing in a living room holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.", "Man standing in a family room with a game controller in his hand.", "A man is standing and playing video games.", "A man is standing in a living room with a Wii controller.", "A middle aged man is playing with a WII game."]
["A man that is standing with a remote.", "A serious-looking man points a remote at the camera. ", "A man is pointing a remote control at the camera", "a man holds a wii remote in his hands ", "A man holding a remote at the camera."]
["Camera and computers set up on a desk", "Wooden desk top with computer and laptop displayed.", "A computer desk with both a laptop and a desktop computer. ", "A laptop and desk top computer sitting side by side on a desk.", "A laptop sitting on a desk near a cellphone, mouse, keyboard and monitor."]
["A view of a living room with a laptop and a TV in it.", "A rather bare room with a television on a stand.", "a television is on a small wood stand", "A room with a wooden bookcase, shelves holding two small objects, a television, and a laptop open to a website.", "A computer and a television hooked up to a surge protector. "]
["Square table with a table top on three sides.", "a desk with multiple laptop a keyboard and mouse ", "An open laptop computer sitting on top of a desk next to a keyboard.", "Laptops, keyboards, and other computer equipment on display.", "An elaborate laptop set up with additional keyboard."]
["A computer workstation with a keyboard and multiple mice. ", "A keyboard and two mice on the table", "A wireless mouse is connected to the keyboard for a full charge.", "A computer keyboard with a mouse sitting on top of it.", "A keyboard is shown with three computer mouses."]
["A small tablet that is made into a computer.", "a computer,a keyboard and a mouse and a bottle of wine on a table", "A sony computer with a website about theory istherreason ", "A phone with a keyboard, mouse, and a bottle of tea", "a tiny laptop hooked up to a mouse and keyboard"]
["A partial close up of a computer keyboard and some electronics.", "Different images of computer accessories such as mice and keyboard.", "A spliced picture of a couple of electronics.", "A picture of various computer parts including a mouse and keyboard.", "Four different views of different computer peripherals. "]
["A keyboard, mouse, speakers and monitor on a desk", "A computer on Wikipedia placed on a desk in the dark. ", "The computer screen has a wikipedia page showing. ", "A computer sitting on a desk with wikepedia on the screen.", "A desktop computer with mouse and speakers on a stand."]
["A kitchen with a marble counter top and a sink.", "A modern looking kitchen has interesting lighting fixtures.", "an image of kitchen setting with island design", "A counter with a sink and various bottles and utensils.", "The kitchen counter and the island counter are made of marble."]
["A laptop sitting on a desk with books and other accessories. ", "Several books, a laptop with a mouse, eyeglasses and other items on a desk.", "there's a laptop, glasses, a pen, notebook, and a booklet", "a black laptop sitting on a table next to some books and some glasses", "A photograph of papers and a computer at a desk."]
["Two young men sitting in front of an open laptop computer.", "some people are looking at laptops in a room", "A man showing something to a boy in a laptop sitting in a classroom.", "A child looks at a laptop with an adult.", "Man and student studying something on a laptop."]
["a person is flying a kite in the dirt", "two people on some sand and a kite", "A child is playing with a kite on the beach while an adult takes photos. ", "One person lying on a beach photographing another person flying a kite.", "A person flying a kite on the beach."]
["A girl jumping in the air under a kite.", "A lady is in the air, while flying her kite. ", "A woman on the beach is jumping in the air under a kite.", "A young woman on the beach jumps into the air.", "a person jumps in the air after a frisbe "]
["Multi colored kites pinned to a light blue wall.", "Colorful pieces of hand made Mexican art on displayed.", "Multicolor dream catchers hanging on string up against a wall.", "A number of ornamental pieces in front of a wall.", "A wall decorated with art and colorful string."]
[" A group of people windsurfing in water with a boat in background.", "Many people are kite surfing near the large city.", "some people on surf boards play in the water ", "a group of people wind surfing in the bay in front of ships and the city", "Multiple people wind surfing on rough water with a boat in the background."]
["A sandy beach next to the ocean under a sky filled with kites.", "The people on the beach are flying their kites. ", "Kites are flying over a pebbled beach as people gather on the shore.", "Several people at the beach flying some kites.", "People are on the beach with kites flying."]
["A group of people standing around a woman flying a kite.", "The woman is trying to fly her kite near the parked cars. ", "A family at a camp site flying a kite.", "A woman flies a kite at an RV park.", "The woman is holding a kite in the air as others walk nearby."]
["A group of young men flying kites in a park.", "A group of boys playing with kites in a field.", "Multiple children are getting ready to fly kites.", "Children in the grass each holding a kite.", "many children getting ready to fly kites together "]
["A person standing in the grass flying a kite.", "a small kid plays with a kite in a field ", "African american man flies a kite in a field. ", "A young person standing in a field of tall grass flying a kite.", "a man that is flying a small kite"]
["A colorful kite sitting on top of a desert field.", "A picture of a large kit in the grass lands. ", "A multi colored kite standing on the ground in a field.", "A multicolored kite sits propped up in the brush.", "A brightly colored kite in a wide open tan field."]
["A head-on shot of a stone building labelled \"Scalextric Palau\" ", "A close-up of a storefront with the clock on the wall.", "A store with a wire gate in front of it next to a wall mounted clock.", "A high rise store front opening is closed and covered with fence.", "Closed up store front with chain link fence preventing entry"]
["An L shaped desk fits well in the window space.", "There is a desk in the corner by the window.", "An interior view of a desk with a computer, printer and office chair.", "A laptop computer is sitting on a large wooden desk.", "A laptop sitting on a desk, in an office."]
["A man is flying a kite with two strings", "A man flying a kite far up in the sky.", "A guy flying a kite with two handles and strings.", "A guy flying a kite with two strings ", "A man flyng a kite with two hands"]
["A man sits at a desk with two computers.", "A man types on a laptop computer at a desk. ", "A person is using one of the two laptops on the desk. ", "A person using a laptop computer on top of a table.", "a person is typing on a laptop on a desk"]
["A man standing on top of a baseball field.", "A person with a kite on a lot of land.", " A child holding a kite in a field with a hill in the distance. ", "A scenic view of a grassland with mountains in the background.", "A man is standing alone in the dessert holding a flag."]
["A person flying a kite high in the sky.", "A man's hand holds a kite string connected to a kite flying against a cloudy blue sky.", "Hand holding kite sting of an airborne kite.", "a green and yellow kite being flown against a blue sky", "A kite flown by a person with their kite in the sky."]
["Person in a field under cloudy skies flying a kite.", "A man just down from para-sailing poses for the camera.", "A man posing with a large kite in the sky.", "A child in the middle of  desert plains flying a kite", "A person standing in a dirt field flying a kite."]
["a very big building with many windows and a clock on it", "A very old tall  building with a large clock tower sticking out of it.", "The clock tower stands high above the city", "A clock that is on the side of a large building.", "The bridge is in front of a huge building with a clock tower in the middle of it."]
["There are parasailers out enjoying the beach today.", "A group of people kiteboard over the ocean.", "A beach next to the ocean with people in it.", "A person is parasailing over the a beach.", "a kite that is being flown over a body of water"]
["The set of stairs leads up to another flight of stairs.", "A large square clock hanging over a stairway.", "A very big lit up clock near a set of stairs.", "There is a hanging clock over a set of stairs.", "a large staircase in a commercial building with a large cube clock hanging above it \n"]
["A clock tower with multiple sides in a snowy area.", "A clock in the outdoors showing ten fifty. ", "An ornate street clock in front of a brick building.", "A large pretty black clock near some big buildings.", "A pole with a clock on it in the winter."]
["A crowd of people flying kites over a field.", "A lot of people that are in the grass.", "Hundreds of people gathered in the park with the Capitol building in the background.", "Groups of people flying kites in front of the white house.", "A large group enjoying a park beneath a cloudy sky."]
["A bright kite flying past a phallic monument.", "A colorful kite flies before the Washington Monument.", "A single kite flies in the sky with a tall obelisk in the background.", "a kite is next to a tall tower", "A dragon kite flying in front of the Washington Monument"]
["Three people flying kites at the beach, with one kite on the ground.", "People flying kites at the ocean while standing in the sand and some people in the water", "There are three men with fishing poles at the beach.", "a number of people on a beach with a kite in the air ", "A group of people who are waling along a beach."]
["A person on a cell phone on the side of a building.", "A person dressed all in black looking at their cell phone.", "A man all in black sits outside of a building with a barred door", "A woman in a black outfit with tattoos on her face and black hair sitting outside a store front. ", "A goth man sitting on top of the floor near a store."]
["A baseball player standing next to home plate.", "a baseball player on the field is hitting a ball", "a baseball player is swinging a bat at a game", "A batter at a baseball game swinging at a pitch.", "a baseball field with a man at home plate"]
["A baseball player holding a bat during a game.", "A pitcher about to throw a baseball on a baseball diamond.", "Baseball players standing on a field with a crowd watching. ", "A baseball game is in action at a baseball stadium.", "Looking down at the field as the baseball is about to fly"]
["A baseball player up to bat during a game.", "Baseball game with batter at home base waiting for the pitch.", "A batter, catcher and umpire during a baseball game.", "A batter is getting ready to swing at a pitch.", "view of baseball players down on the mound. "]
["A group of men on a field playing baseball.", "Some baseball players are watching a game being played.", "A view of a baseball player in a game.", "A baseball player holding a bat on a field.", "there is a baseball game going on at a stadium"]
["A baseball batter up at the plate that just hit a ball ", "A baseball batter swinging a bat over home plate.", "A baseball player swings a bat at a game", "a professional baseball player swinging his bat at a game ", "A man is swinging a baseball coming his way."]
["A baseball player holding a bat next to home plate.", "there is a baseball player that is at bat ", "a crowd watching a batter at home plate during a game ", "The fans in the bleachers anxiously wait for a hit.", "A baseball player about to hit a baseball."]
["A group of men on a field with baseball bats.", "Baseball player holding bat on the field and other players in dugout behind him.", "A baseball player is getting ready to hit a ball.  ", "A baseball player in a blue and white uniform holding a baseball bat.", "A baseball player is awaiting his turn at bat."]
["A man swinging a baseball bat over home plate.", "A man batting with teammates watching in background.", "Players are watching a baseball game from the sidelines.", "A helmeted baseball player is swinging a bat.", "A baseball player at bat and swinging the bat with other players behind him in the dugout."]
["A man in a blue jersey swinging a baseball bat.", "An older baseball player swings his bat while other players watch from the dug out.", "A baseball player swings a bat, the bat is held in only one hand.", "Older player demonstrating batting technique as other players watch.", "A baseball player taking a swing at the ball . "]
["A group of men playing a game of baseball on top of a baseball field.", "Wide angled picture of a baseball field with many players.", "A group of people that are standing on a baseball field.", "A group of men on a field playing baseball.", "A professional baseball game in progress with a runner on 1st base."]
["A man is preparing to swing his bat for baseball.", "The baseball player is waiting for the pitch.", "A baseball player, catcher, and umpire all wait for the ball.", "A man batting during a game with a baseball bat.", "A baseball player getting ready to hit a pitch. "]
["A man holding a baseball bat on a baseball field.", "A baseball player taking a swing at a ball", "An umpire and a catcher on a baseball field with a player at bat.", "Batter standing at home base in a baseball game", "a baseball player in a batters box with a bat"]
["A pizza with fresh basil served on a board", "The large homemade pizza is topped with pepperoni.", "A pizza sitting on top of a cutting board on a table.", "There is a small personal pizza on a cutting board", "A long, flat pizza with thin crust and covered with peppers and basic leaves."]
["a close up of a plate of pizza near a glas of beer", "a part of pizza on a plate on a table", "A half-eaten pizza sits on a table next to half a beer.", "Half eaten pizza and beer on a wooden table.", "A half pizza with toppings next to a drink on the table. "]
["A man pulling his pants up on a tennis court.", "A man with a tennis racket is walking on the tennis court.  ", "A couple of guys playing tennis on a summer day.", "a male in a white shirt  is on a tennis court", "A man walking on a tennis court, in the day."]
["A person on a court with a tennis racket.", "A man holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.", "Man jumping up with arm extended holding racket to hit tennis ball", "The man is hitting the tennis ball with a racket", "A man playing tennis going high for the ball."]
["A woman with a tennis ball is next to a child", "A woman holding racket and tennis balls leans against a fence while child stands behind it. ", "A little boy stands behind a fence while the woman is inside the fence.\n", "Lady holding tennis balls and a racket sitting on the concrete in front of a fence with a boy standing on the other side of the fence.", "A women is sitting by a fence dressed in tennis attire."]
["a tennis player pacing on the court waiting for a ball", "Tennis player in white shirt holding racket on green court. ", "A man holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.", "A guy on a tennis court holding a raquet.", "A male tennis player on a court prepares for another game."]
["A tennis court with a person with racket in foreground and someone running behind.", "a woman holding a tennis racket in front of her during a game ", "A woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "Female tennis player looks on as she waits for the ball serve", "A young woman awaits a tennis ball in a tennis game"]
["Two people are sitting on a couch together", "Man, woman and pet sit on the couch.", "A couple sits on a couch, the man holding a laptop, the woman holding a dog.", "This is an image of a couple in the couch with a computer.", "Two people sitting on a couch, one of them using a computer."]
["Photoshop has allowed the photographer to creatively identify the name of the Italian city in his shot.", "Clock tower on side of brick building with window near it.", "There is a clock on a brick building next to a window.", "a split photo of a clock sitting on a building ", "A large clock hangs on the side of a brick building."]
["A crowded work desk placed against a brick wall.", "A laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.", "A room with a brick wall and two computers, along with various other items on a desk", "A desk with a computer monitor, laptop and empty window frame.", "Three computers on a very messy desk in a brick walled office."]
["A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "Two computers sit on a wooden desk with a mouse and keyboard. ", "a table that has a couple of computers on it", "there is a lap top and a desk top on this desk", "A laptop sits in front of a bigger monitor. "]
["A computer desk with a laptop computer and a desktop computer.", "A white room with a white computer screen with a laptop next to it.", "A home office with two computers and a bookcase", "An office with a desk and desk top computer and a lap top ", "An office with a sandwiches sign over the bookshelf"]
["A desktop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "Images on a computer screen on a desk while another laptop on the desk sits blank.", "A computer desk with a monitor, phone, and laptop on top of it.", "A desktop and laptop computer on a desk. ", "A desk with a computer monitor, a mouse, a keyboard and a laptop computer."]
["A table full of cellphones of various shapes, colors and sizes.", "A bunch of different types of cellphone sitting on a table. ", "A pile of cell phones laying in a pile.", "A table topped with a pile of cell phones.", "very many cellphones placed on a table others not showing anything on the screen"]
["Silver clocks sit on posts along a walkway.", "Four lamppost clocks in a city court yard", "There are many silver clocks lining along this street", "Clocks are mounted on poles in the city.", "Rows of clocks with buildings in the background."]
["A paper that has pianos and keys on it.", "a poster with some pictures on it ", "A graphic promoting the NaNoWriMo event that authors nationwide participate in. ", "Piano themed weekly calendar for the month of November.", "A sheet of paper illustrated with pictures of pianos and sheet music."]
["A young boy hunched over a laptop computer.", "A kid sitting down with their head on their laptop.", "A boy sits in bed and leans over against his laptop", "A boy sits in bed with his Apple laptop.", "Time to shut down and go to sleep."]
["magnets that have been placed on a refridgerator.", "Many different magnets are decorated on the fridge. ", "REFRIGERATOR SO FULL OF MAGNETS AND PICTURES YOU CANT SEE IT", "This refrigerator has many different stickers and magnets on it", "a white refrigerator covered with magnets and pictures"]
["The two laptops are still on the table. ", "An open laptop on a table top with a glass of wine next to it.", "a desk with two laptops and a glass of wine", "A laptop computer of some sort in front of another laptop computer.", "Two laptops sit on a desk next to a beverage."]
["A woman sleeping on a sofa cuddling a teddy bear.", "Woman sleeping on the couch with her teddy bear.", "A woman sleeping on a couch holding a stuffed teddy bear.", "A woman sleeps on a couch holding a black teddy bear", "A lady sleeping on a couch while holding onto and snuggling a teddy bear."]
["a close up of a vase with different flowers in it", "A bouquet of colorful flowers sit on a wooden counter.", "A vase of flowers on a wooden cabinet.", "a large vase of beautiful fresh flowers on a beautiful wood piece", "A white vase with several ecru, white, and red flowers is sitting on a wooden piece of furniture near a white curtain."]
["A female soldier sitting on top of a teddy bear.", "There is a person that is posing in the photo", "a picture of a woman in uniform with a rifle sitting over a teddy bear in front of a background ", "Altered photograph of a woman hunter and her teddy bear \"kill\"", "A women who is holding a gun sitting on a teddy bear."]
["The scissors are on the table next to the coffee mug. ", "A pair of scissors sitting next to a coffee cup and a box cutter.", "A glass table with a cup of coffee and white poster board.", "a close up of a pair of scissors next to a cup on a canvas", "A placemat on a gass table with scissors and a cup."]
["A person cutting a pizza with a pair of scissors.", "A plate of food being cut by a pair of scissors", "A person cuts a pizza with black scissors.", "A person is cutting a pizza on a foil pan with scissors.", "A person using a pair of scissors on a metal container."]
["A young girl holding a hair dryer and getting her hair brushed.", "A young girl is having her hair combed while holding a blow dryer.", "A girl holds a hairdryer while someone combs her hair. ", "A kid with a hair dryer in a room.", "The little girl drying her hair with a hair dryer."]
["a young girl in the bathroom using a hairdryer", "A small girl holding a hair dryer in her hand.", "Black and white picture of a smiling girl blow drying her hair.", "A black and white photo of a young girl with a blow dryer.", "a little girl smiling at the camera while holding a hair dryer"]
["Man and woman texting on cell phones. ", "Adult couple looking at cell phones near wall.", "The two people are leaned up against the wall using their cellphones. ", "Black and white picture of man and woman standing around talking.", "Two people leaning on a wall, looking at cell phones."]
["Three people smile as they pose standing together.", "Three people hugging and smiling with stone wall background", "one lady and two men dressed in black and white", "Three people hugging and smiling while drinking wine.", "Three smiling people are posing for the camera."]
["The plate full of food has a side of beans and cheese on it.", "A white plate holding three food items and an eating utensil.", "a plate with some meat and beans on it ", "A plate holds mexican food covered in cheese.", "A dish is shown with unknown food and beans as a side."]
["A kitchen with a refrigerator, stove, and microwave. ", "a small kitchen with a stove with a teapot on the stove and other visible appliances.", "Looking in to a kitchen that contains appliances. ", "A clean kitchen with tea kettles on the stove", "A quiet kitchen features silver appliances and built-in cabinets."]
["A couple of soldiers standing next to a little girl.", "People are standing in front of a refrigerator are looking at fruit.", "Two guys in military fatigues looking in hot box at muffins with woman.", "Three people looking at good cooking in an oven.", "a couple of soldiers looking into a refrigerator "]
["A Roman number clock tower near a municipal building.", "there is a clock that is at the top of this structure", "A brick clock tower in front of a building.", "A clock tower sits near a building and flagpole.", "A tower that has a clock on the top of it."]
["BABY IN BLUE JEAN OVERALLS HOLDING A CELL PHONE", "A baby holds a cell phone while sleeping.", "A baby fast asleep holding a cell phone.", "A baby is shown sleeping with a cell phone.", "A baby holding a i phone sleeping in it's mother's arms."]
["A hand holding a smart phone above a pile of smart phones.", "a close up of a person holding a cell phone", "A person holds up a cellular phone with Asian language writing above a display case.", "A person holding a cell phone in their hand.", "Mobile phone with Asian writing on display area"]
["a man holding some kind of phone hin his hand", "a hand that is holding a cellphone in the palm.", "This phone is requesting insertion of a SIM card.", "A smartphone held in a person's hand in front of a display of cell phones.", "A man holding a cell phone at a counter with phones for sale."]
["Two people standing next to each other, one holding a phone and the other pointing at it. ", "A man makes a face while a woman holds up her phone.", "A man standing next to a woman while holding a smart phone.", "Man pointing to woman who is smiling as she takes a picture with her phone.", "Caucasian couple out at night with man pointing at phone while woman uses it to take photo."]
["a lady that is just about nake that is outside", "There is a barely covered woman playing with her phone.", "Scantily clad woman taking photos with a cellphone.", "a nearly naked woman looking at her cell phone ", "A woman holding a cell phone in her hand."]
["A beautiful blonde haired lady holding up a camera.", "A woman standing outside taking a picture with her cellphone", "A girl holding a camera in front of her face.", "Blonde haired girl taking picture with smart phone.", "A woman is staring into an electronic device."]
["A man wearing a hat standing outside taking a picture. ", "A man holding up a camera while wearing a colorful shirt.", "A man that is holding up a camera.", "a person wearing a purple suit and a hat", "A man is taking a picture with a tiny camera."]
["A girl in torn pants is on her phone while a man in a white t-shirt sits next to her.", "A man and woman with cellphones in their hands.", "The woman is sitting next to the guy but still on her cell phone. ", "A male and a female sitting together, the female is texting on her phone.", "The guy is looking at the camera while the girl is looking at her phone."]
["A man pressing buttons on his cell phone.", "a man with a phone lifting it up for use", "A person taking a photo with a cell phone.", "A black and white picture of someone taking a cell phone picture.", "A man pushing buttons on a cell phone. "]
["A phone mounted to an apparatus next to a desk.", "a person some chairs and a black cellphone", "A cell phone is stowed in a clip holder in an office.", "a cell phone in a holder attached to a desk", "A view of an office desk with a cell phone clipped to it using a phone holder with clip."]
["A bunch of cellphones that are on a table.", "A group of three different mobile phones, one showing the time.", "A few front and back views of a cell phone with Geo hot on one and Earth on the other.", "a couple of cellphones are laying out together", "Three pictures next to each other depicting smartphones. "]
["a bunch of papers and electronics are laying together", "a packet of cds paperwork and electronics sitting on a table", "Several items from an unboxed cell phone are on a table.", "A new cellular phone and its accessories displayed.", "A table topped with a cell phone and the contents of it's package."]
["Many different electronics, mostly mobile phones, are scattered near silverware. ", "a variety of cell phones and electronic games on a table. ", "A wooden table topped with lots of electronics.", "A ton of phones are in a circle on a table.", "Many different kinds of electronic devices with forks and knives laid out on a wooden table."]
["A man on a cell phone looks across the road towards other people.", "A picture of people crossing a large street.", "The man holds a cell phone at a striped cross walk.", "I hope that he doesn't get hit by a car while talking on his phone and walking across the street.", "The man has a bag on his shoulder and a phone at his ear. "]
["The man in a costume suit is talking on a cell phone.", "man wearing a bow tie and top hat on a cell phone", "A man on the phone with a mustache", "A man wearing a suit and tie talking on a phone.", "A man in top hat and bow tie talking on a cellphone."]
["A lady standing holding a cell phone in her hand.", "An old lady looking at her cell phone in a subway station.", "Older woman holding plastic bag in checking phone in public area.", "a woman standing on a platform looking at her cell phone ", "A street filled with people sitting on benches, walking and looking at cellphones."]
["a small hand held television set being held by a hand", "A person is holding up their cell phone showing the background.", "Photographing what appears to be a form of entertainment.", "A cell phone being held by someone is showing two women on the screen.", "A person holding a mobile phone recording a video."]
["PEOPLE WAITING FOR DINNER IN A BUSY RESTAURANT.", "A group of women talking at a restaurant ", "5 female friends around restaurant table, two on cell phones.", "Round table of women at a restaurant while one woman is on the phone.", "A group of women are sitting at a restaurant together."]
["two people exchanging phone numbers at a table", "a close up of two people sitting close to one another", "A man and a woman looking at their cell phones.", "A man and a woman are both focused on their cell phones.", "A male and female looking down at cell phones."]
["A simple kitchen with several cabinets and a fridge.", "A kitchen has a refrigerator and a microwave.", "The kitchen is clean and ready for us to use. ", "There is a black refrigerator and dishwasher and wood cabinets.", "The black refrigerator is near wooden kitchen cabinets."]
["doughnuts baked in an oven on top of aluminum foil", "Baked croissaninsider layer of tinfoil, inside an oven.", "Four pastries or bagels on a foil covered tray in an oven.", "Four small loaves of bread baking inside the oven.", "some food cooking in the oven on some tin foil "]
["A refridgerator with its door left open full of food.", "a refrigerator filled with lots of food and drinks.", "A collection of food is displayed in an open refrigerator.", "A kitchen with a fully stocked fridge of food.", "there are many different foods in tis fridge"]
["A man looking into a refrigerator filled with beer.", "A man standing in front of an open refrigerator filled with bottles of beer.", "A young man looking into the refrigerator with bottles", "A young man looking into a refrigerator at bottles.", "Young man looking into the inside of a refrigerator through bottles. "]
["a building with a clock above the front doors ", "A clock is shown at the top of a doorway.", "The clock above the glass door is between two large pillars.", "THE FRONT OF A VERY TALL BUILDING WITH A CLOCK IN THE MIDDLE", "Clock displayed over entrance of building with white columns."]
["many clocks on a stair way with many people walking up and down them", "Several large clocks on poles in a crowd of people.", "Several clocks stand on poles in a crowded outdoor area.", "a crowd of people are walking by several clocks", "Many people are walking near several clocks reading 6:20. "]
["A clock adorned with angel sculptures mounted below a bright double lamp.", "A light illuminating a handsome old clock with carved wooden cherubs", "The light fixture is illuminated over the clock statue.", "A light mounted above a clock on the side of a wall.", "A fancy clock face is flanked by two angel statues."]
["A tall clock tower made out of red bricks.", "A brick tower that has a clock displayed. ", "A large brick building is showing two clocks.", "There is a very large tower with a clock on it", "Large brick tower with tall windows and multiple clocks at top."]
["a vendor is selling items in the street", "A large old building with cars parked in front of it.", "A home with a large clock tower on it in front of a shop. ", "A street with several buildings, a store and two cars. ", "A farmers market in front of and along side of a structure with steeple and clock.", "A view of a rural city corner with a bunch of cars in front of it."]
["A neon sign sitting on top of a building with a giant clock.", "A market area with vans and various signage.", "there is a large red and white clock next to a farmers market sign", "A large white clock and some vehicles on a road.", "A clock on top of a building with cars parked outside."]
["Appliances lined up on the cement next to a fence. ", "A set of electric boxes sitting on the side of a road.", "Several broken appliances sitting in a parking lot.", "An array of old equipment sits in front of a fence.  ", "A refrigerator on the side of the streets."]
["Clocks on a the tower of an old building.", "A large tall tower with a clock on the top.", "A large clock tower on top of a building. ", "An old building with clocks at the tower.", "This is a tower with a clock on the top of it"]
["Pairs of scissor sitting on top of a bed with a sewing kit.", "An assortment of scissors laid out on a quilt.", "Various pairs and sizes of scissors displayed on quilt.", "Many pairs of scissors sitting on red white and blue fabric and fabric with US flags.", "A group of scissors of all sizes on a quilt."]
["A woman blow drying her hair, in he mirror.", "a woman stands in a bathroom blow drying her hair ", "A woman blow drying her hair in a room with a window.", "A young woman blow drying her hair in a bathroom.", "A girl in a bathroom blow-drying her hair."]
["A plate with meat and fruit next to a bowl of salad. ", "A salad of leaves and vegetables sit on a colorful tablecloth.", "A laptop computer next to a bowl and plate of food.", "This is a nice meal of salad and chicken.", "The plate and bowl of food sit next to a small laptop."]
["A horse head sitting on a counter top next to drinks and food.", "The toy horse is at the kitchen counter near a bottle and plates of food.", "a horse head mask on a table near a bottle ", "There is a horse head next to a bottle of Jameson.", "A horse mask sits on a table near assorted snacks."]
["some little girls presenting leis to service men", "a man in uniform is talking to a kid", "a soldier smiles while greeting some children ", "A soldier kneeling down next to little girls.", "A man in uniform is leaning down talking to a young girl."]
["THERE IS A TOWER CLOCK THAT IS ON DISPLAY ", "a tall stone structure with a compass and a clock on the steeple", "A large stone tower with a clock on top", "A tower that has a clock on the side of it.", "an old church tower with clocks on all four sides"]
["City skyline showing a tall lighted building that has a clock and the name of the company on it. ", "A clock tower is lit in the night sky.", "The skyscraper has a bright clock lit above it's brightly lit name. ", "a tower with some bright lights and clocks on it", "A view of a clock tower, with Tribune written on it. "]
["Stuffed teddy bear sitting next to garbage can on the side of the road.", "A teddy bear sitting on the ground next to a garbage container.", "Stuffed toys sit next to a garbage bin.", "Teddy bear and box next to waste bin.", "A teddy bear on the curb next to a dumpster. "]
["A teddy bear that has been placed in a tree.", "An old pink teddy bear sitting on a tree branch.", "The stuffed bear is sitting on a tree limb. ", "A pink bear sitting on the limb of a tree.", "A pink teddy bear sitting on a tree branch by a wall."]
["A teddy bear lying on the ground by some leaves.", "A cute but dirty teddy bear laying on the ground.", "A white teddy bear is lying on a concrete surface. ", "A teddy bear is dirty and is laying on the ground.", "A white bear laying on top of a stony ground covered in filth."]
["A collection of teddy bears bearing Swiss flags", "A group of holiday bears are arranged in a group.", "A set of ten stuffed animal teddy bears in two rows holding flags and with berets on.", "A group of dressed teddy bears lined up in two rows.", "A group of teddy bears are near Christmas trees."]
["A white clock tower with palm trees in the foreground.", "A white clock tower towering over a small town.", "A row of palm trees along a walkway near a building with a tall tower.", "A tower with a clock and people in a community square with palm trees.", "a tall clock tower with trees in front of it"]
["THERE IS A CLOCK TOWER THAT IS ON TOP OF A BUILDING ", "A lobby clock with Roman Numerals on it sitting on a balcony.", "A large clock with Roman numerals sits on a railing.", "a large white clock is on a ledge", "There is something that looks exceptionally fascinating here. \n"]
["A man in blue shirt wading in water with building in the background.", "man with wading boots on holding a broom", "A man is wading in shallow water carrying a push broom.", "A man standing in the water with a brush.", "The fountain cleaner is intently doing his job."]
["A small model figurine set for Back to the Future. ", "A toy model from the movie \"Back to the Future\" sits beside other memorabilia. ", "A remote control car from the movie Back to the Future.", "a back to the future mcclaren and time machine toy", "Electronically controlled car displayed nest to clock and metal glasses."]
["A statue on top of a giant clock tower near a flag.", "A Golden Statue on top of a Clock Tower next to an American Flag.", "An airplane flying over a clock tower with flags and a statue.", "A plane flying over a clock tower with a statue of Lady Justice on top and two flags flying in front.", "A jet flying high above a statue on a clock tower."]
["A very large clock tower sitting above a street light.", "A large tall tower on a building with a clock.", "Signs with directions are hanging on a light post.", "A street light with three lamps and directional signs.", "Sign post with three lights in front of a building with grand clock."]
["A vase filled with lots of pink flowers.", "Several large pink flowers in a glass of water.", "A pink flower in a clear vase with water.", "a vase with a pink flower inside of it. ", "Glass vase with large flower displayed on wooden table."]
["A bouquet of flowers in a vase sitting on a table.", "A vase filled with flowers sitting on top of a table.", "A vase of flowers on a small table in front of a wall.", "a vase on a table with many flowers inside", "A large metal vase of flowers on a table."]
["a pair of vases with flowers are under a chandelier", "A table containing two vases with flowers under a chandelier.", "Two potted plants are sitting on a table under a chandelier.", "A couple of vases on a wooden table filled with flowers.", "two vases on a table with flowers in it"]
["A marble shelf containing three vases with different designs.", "A table in a room with vases sitting on it", "Three oriental vases lined up on a stone mantel.", "A room with many vases on a desk.", "Three vases sitting on top of a marble counter top."]
["A black tray with various plants and flowers in it.", "A picture of three plants sitting on a table.", "a flat black vase holding yellow flowers on a wooden table.", "Multiple plants in one area adding color and vibrancy to a room", "A distinct looking planter with flowers sitting on a table."]
["A vase filled with flowers and greens on a shelf.", "A table with a vase filled with flowers and foliage on top.", "A white vase of flowers sits on a wood shelf.", "a bouquet of flowers and leaves in a light colored vase", "A vase of beautiful flowers are on display."]
["Scissors are chained to prevent them from being stolen.", "A pair of scissors, a chain and a business logo.", "A pair of special scissors attached to a chain.", "A combination of shears and signage create university artwork.", "A Design College logo beneath scissors and a chain. "]
["A child holds a plastic object while another person cuts it.", "A child holds a balloon while someone with a pair of scissors is about to pop it.", "A child holds an object while someone else cuts it", "Two people using scissors to cut a balloon.", "Two children trying to pop an object with a pair of scissors"]
["A pair of scissors on a table with some other supplies.", "Paper, scissors and boxes of nails on the table.", "Scissors are sitting on top of a paper and next to pins.", "Various office supplies like scissors and thumb tacks.", "A pair of red scissors sitting on top of a paper."]
["A woman is holding open scissors in front of her face.", "A person holding scissors in front of their face.", "This guy looks like he's serious about cutting his own hair", "A person holding a pair of scissors open intently. ", "The guy is playing with scissors too close to his face. "]
["Teddy bears dressed up like soldiers in a boat.", "A picture of stuffed animals that are dressed up and in a box.", "Teddy bears dressed up as soldiers, arriving on a boat.", "A group of teddy bears dressed like soldiers getting off a boat. ", "A group of stuffed bears are dressed like soldiers aboard a landing craft."]
["Red stuffed bears are pinned to a cardboard tree.", "A Christmas tree covered in brown teddy bears in a department store.", "A Christmas tree made of red teddy bears.", "A cardboard christmas tree with teddy bears hanging on it", "A wooden Christmas tree has red teddy bears."]
["A large group of stuffed bears sitting together.", "A collection of teddy bears with a Christmas caroling theme. ", "Assorted teddy bears in seasonally decorated native setting.", "An assortment of stuffed teddy bears sits on display.", "fully dressed teddy bears in front of a Christmas tree"]
["A gray teddy bear leaning up a counter next to the ocean.", "A stuffed bear looking over a balcony at the water.  ", "a close up of a teddy bear overlooking a large body of water", "The back of a teddy bear that looks as though he is looking out at the ocean.", "a black teddy bear made to look like its looking over a balcony"]
["A teddy bear sitting near a railing facing a beach full of people.", "a teddy bear on railing overlooking beach of people", "Black teddy bear looking over rail at crowded beach", "A stuffed bear on a railing overlooking a crowded beach.", "A teddy bear sitting near a rail over looking a crowded beach."]
["a table with some plates of food on it ", "a plate a food, a beverage, and some books on a table", "Two glass plates and books on a table.", "a close up of a plate of food near a cup", "A sandwich wrap with sauce sits on a white plate near coffee, pastry and books. "]
["an open sandwich with meat, onion and egg slices ", "Sliced eggs, onions, and bacon sit on a sandwich.", "Celery and other foods are shown on top of bread. ", "Two eggs are next to slices of onion and meat.", "A sandwich slices containing bacon, eggs, and onions. "]
["A woman sits at a table for a meal.", "A woman sitting at the table with a plate of food ", "A woman sitting at a table getting ready to eat.", "An Asian woman at a table enjoying a meal.", "A woman sits at table ready to have breakfast with a friend"]
["A man smiling with a breakfast burrito and a coffee cup with a smiley face.", "A smiling man stands at a table with an egg burrito and two mugs of coffee.", "a person at a table with a plate of food and a cup", "A man sitting at a table with a burrito and a cup of coffee in front of him.", "A man in grey sweater standing at a wooden table with food and coffee."]
["A cartoon rabbit advertises for a healthy breakfast.", "A plate of sausage, bread and mushrooms and salad.", "The meal on the plate is prepared and ready to be eaten. ", " A plate of food with an animated bunny smiling and hearts around its head.  ", "Cartoon rabbit overlooking a meat filled white plate."]
["A little boy is ready to eat his dinner.", "A small boy is at a table with a yellow cup.", "A boy holding a fork with a plate and cup on the table", "a little boy with a plate of food and a fork", "A little boy that is sitting at a table with food in front of it."]
["Close-up picture of pizza and salad on wooden", "A pizza and some mussels sitting on a table.", "A plate of pizzas sitting on a restaurant table.", "The pizza has been cooked and prepared and is ready to eat.", "A pizza with pepperoni, cheese, and lightly burnt crust."]
["A full plate full of delicious food sets on top of the table. ", "A plate with dinner items on it, on a white table cloth.", "A plate with chicken, scallops, pasta and other food items.", "A plate of food and a fork on a table.", "A white plate topped with chicken, coleslaw and potatoes."]
["A wooden table topped with two bamboo place mats.", "a number of forks and spoons on a table ", "a table with glasses and silver ware on top", "A view of a table setting with a bottle of wine in a bucket.", "a wooden table with silverware glasses and some food"]
["A person is shown riding a bicycle down the side of the road.", "A man riding a bike across a cross walk.", "A man riding a bicycle down a street with another bike parked on the sidewalk.", "The bicyclist rides down the street beside the bike parked on the wall.", "A person riding a bike on a street about to cross a path."]
["A man and two women walking their dogs and hiking in the woods.", "Three dogs are huddled together with their owners. ", "A group of people in the woods with dogs.", "Three hikers walking in the wilderness with three dogs.", "Three people standing in a wooded area walking three dogs. "]
["A man holding an umbrella while walking down a street.", "a man walking down a sidewalk while holding an umbrella ", "THERE IS A MAN THAT IS HOLDING AN UMBRELLA IN THE RAIN ", "A man walking in the rain in front of a shop window holding an umbrella. ", "A BLACK WHITE PICTURE OF A OLD MAN HOLDING A UMBRELLA"]
["A group of people standing around each other.", "a couple of people in public during a rainy day\n", "A bunch of people on a wet road by some umbrellas.", "Several people near outdoor booths walking in the rain.", "A crowd of people stand by canopy tents in the rain."]
["A kitchen with lots of clutter and an open drawer.", "A white kitchen with brown a counter top and food boxes on the counter.", "a diagram in a kitchen outlining a new electrical outlet", "A open door in a small kitchen room.", "a kitchen with a lot of white cupboards and a wood floor "]
["Small grey cat crawling over a woman's stomach. ", "A tabby house cat walking all over it's owner. ", "Cat sitting on the stomach of a woman laying down on a bed. ", "Cat is being pet by it's owner in bed.", "A cat looking down at the person lying on the bed."]
["Many plates and dishes line a kitchen cabinet. ", "A wooden cupboard filled with lots of dishes.", "A cupboard with its doors open exposing the dishes inside ", "A wooden cabinet full of various dishes. ", "An open cuboard of bowls and plates and other stuff."]
["The table  top was white with brown chairs", "A wooden dining room set with a white table top.", "A table and two chairs and a refrigerator are sitting on a wooden floor.", "A table with chairs in a room with a refrigerator. ", "Office and kitchen chairs at a kitchen table "]
["This is what is left of a kitchen in an abandoned restaurant.", "A filthy old kitchen in a black and white photo ", "this kitchen seems to have been burnt all appliances are burned", "A dirty and very dark and scary kitchen. ", "a kitchen that has some stoves in it"]
["A daytime view of a messy kitchen corner.", "A kitchen area that has items on the counter tops. ", "A messy kitchen with dirty dishes and white cabinets", "A kichen with dirty dishes in the sink.", "The kitchen counter and sink have dishes on them."]
["A pot that is sitting on a stove.", "A kitchen with a stove, dishwasher, and sink.", "kitchen with withe counter tops and white appliences", "A small kitchen with a sink, oven, stove top and mini fridge.", "The kitchen needs to be cleaned before we can use it."]
["many people on a snowy slope riding skis and snowboards", "many people and snowboards at the bottom of a snowy mountain", "Skiers and Snowboarders on the bottom of a ski hill", "A lot of people that are in the snow.", "snowboards and snowboarders standing at the bottom of a run."]
["A cook is in the kitchen preparing a big pot of food.", "A Japanese cook stirring a large cooking pot", "A man with a bandana stirring a pot in a restaurant kitchen.", "A black and white photo of a chef cooking in the kitchen", "A man stirring a pot in a commercial kitchen."]
["A crowd of passengers standing outside of a commuter train.", "A group of people at a station near a train.", "some people on a sub way others standing next to a subway", "A subway station with several people on and off-board a subway", "a close up of a public transit train at a train station"]
["Man in a restaurant kitchen preparing a meal.", "A man in the kitchen looking around at items", "A man standing in a large kitchen looking into a pot.", "A guy looks in a pan while cooking in a kitchen. ", "A man preparing food in a large, industrial kitchen.", "a man wearing an apron in an industrial kitchen reaching for a pot"]
["Group of people flying a blight kite with smiley faces on it. ", "A man and two women fly a smiley face kite", "Three people fly a kite with smiley faces on it.", "a couple of people look into the sky at a kite ", "Three people flying a kite with three smiley faces on it."]
["A man doing something to a kitchen window.", "A man working on a kitchen window in front of a sink. ", "A man fixing a window in a kitchen.", "A person is fixing a window in the kitchen.", "A person is standing over a window over the kitchen sink."]
["A young girl holding a colorful kite on a sandy beach.", "This little girl tries to figure out how to get her kite to fly", "A young girl is flying a multicolored kite outdoors. ", "There is a young child standing on the beach with a fancy kite.", "A woman holding a big colorful kite next to a building."]
["A young woman on a beach flying a kite", "A child is flying a kite on a beach next to the water.", "a young girl walking along a beach holding the string of a kite", "A young woman flying a kite on a beach next to the ocean.", "A woman walking along the beach flying a kite."]
["A group of people enjoying a day at the beach.", "People on the beach sunbathing and taking pictures.", "People are on the beach in bathing suits.", "people sitting at the beach, playing in the water, and flying a kite ", "Several people on a beach with a view of the ocean."]
["A man riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp.", "A person on a skateboard, jumping the board at a skateboard park.", "A man on a skateboard performing a trick.", "a person jumping in the air while standing on a skateboard.", "A man in white shirt doing a trick on a skateboard."]
["A young man riding a skateboard down a ramp.", "a boy is in the air on a skateboard", "A person is riding a skateboard down a ramp with people around.", "Many boys are skateboarding in a skateboard park.", "The two skateboarders are trying the new tricks they have learned."]
["A person holding a surfboard while standing in the ocean.", "A woman is seen in the ocean holding a surfboard.", "Young woman sits on a surfboard in the ocean", "a close up of a woman sitting on a surfboard in the water, with several people in the background", "A person sitting on a surf board in the ocean."]
["A young man wears a fake mustache in a kitchen decorated for the New Orleans Saints.", "A man in a costume poses for a photo.", "a chef with a silly mustache on his face", "A man is a St. Louis themed chef with a costume.", "A person dressed up as a chef cooking."]
["A foot ball fan is showing off his team spirit", "A chef with a mustache standing by a stove", "A man with a huge mustache next to a large metal pot in a kitchen.", "A man dressed in uniform with a fake mustache.", "A mustached man is standing in front of a larger mustache. "]
["A man scowling while looking in a refrigerator ", "A black man holding open the door of a refrigerator. ", "A man standing next to an open freezer door in a kitchen.", "A black man holding a refrigerator door wide open.", "The man is looking into a messy fridge."]
["A man standing in a  kitchen preparing food.", "a man in white is working in a kitchen", "A man in a cooks outfit at a kitchen sink.", "A male cook standing by the kitchen sink.", "a couple of people that are in a kitchen"]
["A kitchen with a stove and a microwave.", "A full view of the kitchen with the black stove and counters. ", "An oven and a microwave in a kitchen area.", "A microwave oven above a stove top oven.", "a silver and black stove a microwave and some brown drawers and cabinets"]
["Woman in green jacket holding up a bicycle in a park. ", "a woman with a hat and a bicycle posing", "This woman is standing next to her bike.", "A woman standing next to a bike with basket", "a person standing next to a parked biike"]
["A large group of bicyclists on a city street.", "Bicycle riders enjoying outdoor event in urban city.", "The men are riding their bikes threw the city shirtless.", "a man reaching toward a dog in bicycle basket around a crowd of people.  ", "A man is petting a dog while in the street with other cyclists"]
["an all white bathroom with a sink and toilet", "A bathroom with a toilet, sink, mirror and shower stall.", "A bathroom area with a  toilet, sink and shower.", "Modern all white bathroom with tiled counter area.", "a large white bathroom with shower, toilet and sink"]
["A city street with stores across the street and a bicycle parked on the side of the street with a dog sitting in the front basket.", "A dog sits in a basket on a bike.", "a parked bike with a dog in a basket ", "A bike with a basket with two dogs inside of it.", "Dog in basket on bike parked near wood pole."]
["this is a bathroom that has a sink and toilet", "A cramped bathroom with a sink in the corner.", "A white toilet sitting next to a white sink.", "Looking through a door and seeing a toilet and sink.", "A bathroom with a small sink and toilet. "]
["a bath room with a toilet a bath tub and a sink", "A small bathroom, lacking only a toilet tissue dispenser.  ", "a mirror a window a tub toilet sink and cabinet", "A bathroom with a toilet, tub, shower head, sink and mirror.", "A white toilet sitting next to a tub under a window."]
["The bathroom is adorned with green rugs and a green shower curtain.", "A bathroom with green grass like mats and curtains.", "A bathroom with a green towel and matching green floor mats and toilet seat covers.", "a shower a toilet some toilet paper and rugs", "a small bathroom with green carpet and towel"]
["A white bath and toilet image on a room wall.", "A room has a flat toilet, sink, and mirror in it.", "The bathtub with legs sits in the bathroom.", "A bath tub sitting inside of a bath room.", "A bathtub, toilet, mirror and sink in a bathroom."]
["A white toilet sitting under a window next to a chair.", "a bathroom wall missing some pink wall tiles ", "The tiles are falling off the wall in this old bathroom", "a room tha has a toilet and a sink in it", "Toilet with raised lid with tub and chair in old bathroom. "]
["A bathroom scene with a toilet, sink and a mirror.", "A bathroom with a large mirror next to a toilet.", "A brown bathroom has a very large round mirror.", "A glowing bathroom mirror that lights in a circle.", "A bathroom with a round mirror with lighting around it."]
["A sink and a show with a cream tile and red painted wall.", "a small bathroom with a red door, standing shower, floor drain, sink and toilet.", " a  mosaic tiled bathroom which shows a white porcelain sink and toilet", "A small bathroom with grey tile and a vivid red blacksplash in the shower", "A small bathroom with a stand up shower"]
["a bathroom with a cat underneath a bath tub", "A picture of a cat underneath a sink.", "A bathroom scene with a cat under the bathtub.", "Cat crawling under a partially installed bath tub", "One black and grey cat crawling under a white bathtub."]
["a cat lays down next to a glass with a straw in it ", "A cat with a lemon drink in a mason jar with a straw.", "A cat sits next to a glass with a lime in it", "A cat who looks like it is drinking from a straw placed in a mason jar.", "A cat lying in front of a glass on the floor."]
["The woman is tying her shoe on a bench next to a parked bicycle.", "A woman leaning down on a bench tying her shoe.", "a woman ties her show on a wooden bench ", "The woman is tying her shoe on the park bench.", "A woman is tying her shoe on the bench"]
["A dog is laying on a dirty bathroom floor.", "There is a dog sitting in the men's restroom.", "A black and white dog laying next to a urinal.", "Black and white dog laying in dirty public restroom.", "A dog sitting in a bathroom with a urinal and a torn wall."]
["a bathroom with a wooden water box for the toilet", "A bathroom has a rug on the tile floor and a white bath tub and toilet.", "The bathroom is antique with a clawfoot tub and pull chain.", "A white toilet and a bath in a room.", "The window of a bathroom is covered with red shutters."]
["A TOILET IS IN THE BATHROOM DOOR WAY ", "A toilet in a bathroom with a wooden door.", "A clean bathroom which seems to have some floor damage.", "A toilet with toilet paper nearby in a bathroom.", "A bathroom scene with focus on the toilet and the water tank."]
[" a sink and a bathtub and shower with a mirror above the sink", "A full view of a bathroom with sink and bath tub in the room. ", "A bathroom sink, shower stall and a mirror.", "a bath room with a sink a mirror and a bath tub", "A bathroom that has a glass shower door."]
["this is a white sink and a white toilet", "An all white bathroom with a tub shower combination.", "A room with a toilet, sink and a bathtub.", "a white toilet and sink in a bathroom", "A small bathroom with no shower curtain or rug."]
["A blue bathroom has an updated sink and toilet.", "A bathroom with a window is painted blue. ", "A bathroom with a toilet, sink, and mirror.", "Empty aqua bathroom with toilet, sink, mirror, and outside window.", "A bathroom has a pretty color blue walls."]
["A white toilet sitting next to a bathroom sink.", "A bathroom with an open toilet lid and bath with sliding doors", "A bathroom with a sink, toilet, shower stall and trash can.", "Open toilet, basin, and shower stall in compact bathroom.", "A sink and toilet basin in a toilet with a toilet paper"]
["A bathroom with a toilet and a sink next to a tub.", "A bathroom with a toilet, sink, tub and shower head.", "A small and kind of clean looking bathroom in someone's house. ", "A sink and toilet in a small room.", "A bathroom is seen in a black and white photo."]
["A bathroom with a white toilet sitting next to a white ball.", "A bathroom in the process of being remodeled", "An open door to a bathroom with a towel on the floor.", "a dirty bathroom with the door open ", "The bathroom with power tools in it is under construction."]
["A man taking a selfie in front of a mirror.", "A bathroom mirror, with a person taking a picture in it.", "a man wearing a black jacket a toilet a mirror and a sink", "A person taking a picture and there image reflecting in a mirror.", "A guy taking a picture of himself in a bathroom mirror."]
["A bathroom has a bathtub, sink and window in it.", "A bathroom with a tub and a white sink.", "A bathroom has a bad looking paint job.", "Rough looking bathroom with peeling paint and old bathtub. ", "An old bathroom with peeling paint on the walls and lots of toiletries scattered around."]
["A bathroom has a large mirror and black wall.", "Small toilet with silver walls and white appliances. ", "A tiled hotel bathroom contains a basin, toilet, and small trash bin. ", "A small bathroom with a mirror, a sink, a toilet, and grey tiles.", "A white toilet sitting under a large mirror"]
["A very plain and dull bathroom that's in someone's house. ", "The shower in a modern, black and white bathroom", "A toilet with a toilet basin and urinal ", "A black and white photo of a shower stall. ", "A bathroom with a glass shower door and a tiled floor. "]
["A bathroom counter with two sinks under two mirrors.", "A double sink vanity with mirrors and a towel ring.", "This is someones bathroom sink in their home. ", "A towel rack hangs on the wall between two mirrors.", "An empty bathroom with two white, square sink."]
["The toilet is in a separate area away from the sink.", "A sink on the left with a separate room with a toilet on the right", "A bathroom with a sink, mirror, toilet and toilet paper roll.", "This is a view of a toilet and a bathroom sink. ", "A toilet in a bathroom next to a sink in a doorway."]
["a woman is standing in a room taking a picture of herslf", "A woman standing in front of a mirror under a light.", "A woman standing in front of a mirror taking a picture.", "A woman's reflection from a mirror in the bathroom.", "A girl in a dress posing in a mirror with a camera."]
["A woman taking a selfie in front of a large mirror.", "A woman standing in front of a mirror taking her picture.", "A woman takes a picture of herself using a mirror.", "a woman taking a picture of herself in the mirror", "A woman holding a camera in front of a mirror."]
["A white sink sitting underneath a round mirror.", "The front view of a sink with a mirror on top. ", "An empty bathroom with one ceramic sink and a mirror", "A sink with a round mirror on the wall above it", "A person is taking a picture of a bathroom sink."]
["A clean, organized bathroom with accessories in it.", "A white sink in a bathroom sitting below a mirror.", "a hotel bathroom with a blue sink and white towels", "A bathroom has a corner-set sink and a mirror.", "Towels hang next to a triangular bathroom sink and three mirrors."]
["A red traffic light with vehicles passing by too fast to capture.", "A red stop light with street lights over head on a dark street.", "A traffic signal suspended over a street at night.", "The red light of a stop light showing through the dark.", "The red light is illuminating the dark street."]
["Red brick building with fire hydrant and car with cloudy sky", "A car is parked beside a building with many windows.", "A tall red brick building sitting next to a street.", "A brick building on a hill with a yellow fire hydrant in front.", "A car parked in front of a building."]
["A vintage STOP sign in black & white", "A black and white image of a wall with a stop sign on it.", "A machine with a lit up stop sign mounted on it's side.", "a lighted stop sign attached to the side of a building", "A stop sign is on a large metal industrial machine."]
["The four urinals have a very modern design.", "A bathroom with four urinals together on a stainless steel wall.", "THERE ARE SEVERAL MALE URINALS ON THE WALL ", "A row of block shaped urinals in a bathroom.  ", "Four trash receptacles hung in a row on a wall."]
["A white toilet sitting in the corner of a bathroom.", "An all white bathroom with white fixtures too", "There is a toilet with a push button plunger", "The small bathroom toilet is very neat and clean.", "A stark white small bathroom containing just a toilet "]
["A very cute cat laying in a very small sink.", "a cat that laying down in a sink", "A cat lying in a small sink of a bathroom ", "a close up of a cat in a bath room sink", "A cat laying in a white sink in a room."]
["A cat sitting on top of a pile of white towels.", "a cat standing on top of a cars ash board ", "a cat is walking across the dash of a car", "A cat sits on the dash of a car.", "A kitty sitting on a newspaper on a car's dashboard."]
["Two people are looking at a truck while a dog is being walked.", "people on the street with their cars  moving", "Some guys are standing over an old antique truck and someone is walking a dog nearby. ", "Small groups of people, including a person walking a dog, are scattered about an outdoor area, encompassing some streets, that is filled with classic cars. ", "classic cars on a city street with people and a dog"]
["A dog is sitting in the passenger seat of a car.", "A dog sitting in the passenger seat of a vehicle. ", "A dog setting behind the steering wheel of a truck.", "a dog sits in a car while looking out a window ", "A dog sitting alone in the passenger seat of a van."]
["Two dogs in a car looking out the window.", "Two dogs are looking out a car door window.", "Two adorable dogs hanging out of a car door window.", "Two dogs sticking their heads out of a car window.", "Two dogs in the car looking outside of the window. "]
["A boy sitting on top of a truck with a bunch of goats. ", "A man standing on top of a bus with a bunch of goats.", "A man tending to goats atop a motor vehicle.", "A man on top of a car standing next to a group of mountain goats.", "Man is tending to goats on top of a van. "]
["A boy that is standing next to an animal.", "A photo of a man standing with a ram.", "A boy guides a small animal away from a vehicle.", "A young man is standing next to a goat.", "A young man standing in front of a bus, is petting the baby steer. "]
["A car dashboard with a group of brown cows waking towards it.", "Cows are on the road that people are trying to drive on.", "many cows walking on a road with trees near by", "a herd of cows walking up a paved  road next to  green fields.", "A group of cows walking down the middle of a street."]
["A car with the nose of a shark eating a teddy", "A teddy bear is in the mouth of a shark car. ", "A brown bear handing out of a car with sharp teeth.", "A teddy bear in the mouth of the front of a car.", "Teddy bear in toothy mouth of shark like artworks on front of car."]
["A bathroom with blue walls, a white commode and a contemporary white sink without faucets.", "a gray and white bathroom with a sink mirror and toilet", "A bathroom area with a sink, mirror, toilet and tub.", "A modern style bathroom with blue tile and white fixtures.", "A bathroom featuring a modern style and fixtures."]
["Three white urinals hanging on a wall in the bathroom.", "Three urinals hanging from tiled walls in the bathroom.", "A row of urinals hanging from a bathroom wall.", "The three urinals are lined up in a row.", "Three white urinals in a tiled public restroom."]
["point of view shot of man using a small urinal in bathroom", "a man standing by a hole where a toilet used to be", "Man standing near urinal in ground near tile floor.", "This urinal and bathroom is in great need of a cleaning.", "a person standing over a squat down toilet "]
["A toilet with a lot of debris around the base. ", "A gross dirty toilet in a unmaintained bathroom. ", "A toilet in building with a bunch of grass and dirt around the toilet", "A white toilet looks like outside dirt has blown in.", "A white toilet sitting in the corner of a brick structure."]
["A white toilet with a black lid sitting in a bathroom.", "A toilet stall with a red checked piece of cloth hanging over the partition", "The view of restroom toilet through the door stall.", "A white toilet in a very small bathroom.", "A bathroom stall containing an empty toilet in it."]
["The interior of a bathroom with crumpled and torn toilet paper on the floor along with a toilet roll that has been pulled.", "A bathroom floor with toilet paper everywhere on it", "A messy bathroom with pieces of toilet paper on the ground next to a toilet.", "A roll of toilet paper has been unspooled and torn", "The bathroom floor is strewn with toilet paper.", "The floor of the bathroom is strewn with toilet paper."]
["A person in a red sweatshirt on a motorcycle", "A motorcyclist yeilds for a passing car at an intersection.", "A man sitting at a crosswalk on a motorcycle", "A man stopped near a cross walk on a motorcycle.", "A guy on a motocycle waiting at an inter section."]
["a large elephant that is standing up eating", "A huge elephant standing under a shelter eating grass.", "It appears an elephant is eating green straw.", "an elephant is eating grass and a bike is nearby", "THE ELEPHANT IS IN THE BARN EATING GRASS."]
["A steel toilet near a window in a very small bathroom.", "A photo taken inside a train car restroom.", "A metal toilet with a black seat sitting next to a window.", "A small bathroom contains a crude metal toilet. ", "A toilet made of metal sits next to a window. "]
["A city street with a traffic light and street signs in front of a stone building.", "A red stoplight that is on a pole.", "a street light and signs are lit up ", "A two way intersection both with stop lights.", "a very large building with a big stop light beside it"]
["a man walks a dog by some park benches ", "A man walking a dog down a street in front of a tall building.", "A man and a dog on a path with street light, bushes and trees, leading to a spired building with cranes.", "a person is walking with their dog down a road", "a very large castle off in the back ground behind some trees"]
["A church with a massively tall tower covered in a clock.", "A bell tower on top of a building with a clock below.", "A church has a clock tower with a steeple.", "A building with red brick wall and grey and gold clock tower.", "The building has a clock built into the tower."]
["A man sitting on a toilet whle talking on a phone.", "A man in a suite sits on a toilet and talks on a landline phone. ", "A man sitting on a toilet with a telephone in his hand.", "A man that is sitting down holding a telephone.", "A guy dressed in a suite sitting on a toilet on a phone."]
["A snow covered soiled toilet sitting in front of a house.", "a toilet setting outside at the curbside of a house in the snow", "An old toilet sits abandoned outside covered in snow.", "A toilet sits in a snow filled front yard.", "A toilet outside covered in snow next to a house. "]
["An old wooden steeple with a clock on it", "A large wooden tower on top of a brick pillar.", "A clock has been built into the steeple of a building.", "A large tower with a clock on it and a cross on the top", "A wooden clock tower with a weather vain on top"]
["A pair of racing motorcycles coming to a start line.", "two people on motorcycles are at a starting line of a race", "A couple of people riding on the backs of two dirt bikes.", "Two people on their bikes getting ready to race. ", "A referee directs motorcyclists lining up for a race."]
["Commode near white shower curtain in residential bathroom setting.", "A bathroom toilet with a towel on a rack by it.", "An all white bathroom with a hanging towel", "A black and white picture of a toilet and curtain", "A black and white image of a bathroom."]
["A red and black motorcycle parked near another bike.", "Two motorcycles parked out on the street opposite side of the car.", "A red and black dirt bike on brick sidewalk.", "A red and black motorcycle parked next to an black motorcycle. ", "a motorcycle parked between two poles and one other motorcycle "]
["A cat eating food out of a bowl.", "a small cat is eating its food from the bowl.", "A striped cat eating food from a bowl.", "a close up of a cat eating food out of a bowl", "A cat is eating out of a food dish."]
["A large orange cat sitting in a white glass bowl.", "A cat sitting in a bowl on a table looking at the camera.", "a brown cat sitting inside a fancy bowl", "A cat looking back is sitting in a bowl.", "A cat is sitting in a white bowl."]
["A bath tub sitting next to a white toilet.", "A carpeted bathroom with a tub and shower and a toilet.", "THERE IS A TUB AND TOILET IN THE BATHROOM", "A simple hotel bathroom with toilet and bath tub.", "This bathroom has shiny marble floors on it."]
["A white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a white wall.", "That bathroom doesn't look to be a comfortable one.", "A white toilet missing seat in an old bathroom.", "The restroom needs a door, a seat for the toilet, and new tiles behind the stool.", "A toilet in a very small enclosure without a door."]
["A display in a doughnut shop filled with doughnuts.", "A display of cakes, donuts and something else wrapped individually.", "A display with doughnuts,cake,sandwiches and a drink for people to buy. ", "Several bakery type items being displayed in a case.", "Sweet treats sitting on display in the front of the store."]
["A couple of men peeing in public urinals.", "a couple of people that are in some kind of booths", "Two men pee into open urinals in the town square.", "A couple of people standing in what appear to be bathrooms.", "Some men are using some public urinals outside."]
["This is a thing that is straightforward and plain. \n", "A glass bottle on a red surface with a red backdrop", "a fancy colorful bottle sitting on a tablecloth\n", "A vase that is sitting on a table.\n\n", "a small glass vile is sitting on a table"]
["The two men are riding their motorcycles in the parking lot.", "Two people on motorcycles and a man standing nearby.", "Two people on motorcycles driving on the pavement near another man.", "A man is standing next to two people riding motorcycles. ", "The guys on the motorcycles are going slowly."]
["Two rooms of a house are left in disarray on moving day.", "A sparsely furnished room with shag carpet and electric heater", "A livin area with a small tv and small couch.", "A small room with a television screen monitor.", "A room with luggage, a couch, boxes and a television."]
["An orange in a bowl near a puddle of water.", "A bowl with an orange sits on an icy patch of water. ", "An orange is inside a bowl that sits near puddles of water.", "An orange in a bowl on a lake with ice.", "Orange placed in bowl next wet marsh land"]
["Looking down on a stony surface shows a bowl with an orange in it and what looks like a large piece of red plastic.", "a piece of orange in a bowl next to a concrete edge ", "Cement ledge with orange in bowl and red plastic bag below. ", "There is an orange in the cup and a bag in the water.", "an orange is sitting in a blue bowl"]
["A metal bowl filled with wet juicy oranges.", "a close up picture of some tangerines in a bowl", "An orange dripping with water in a bowl.", "a bowl filled with oranges that are covered in water\n", "A bowl of oranges covered in water drops."]
["a male with glasses and a green helmet is eating a banana", "A close up of a man wearing a helmet and eating a banana.", "A man is eating a banana while wearing a helmet.", "A man in a helmet is eating a banana.", "A man wearing a helmet eating a ripe banana."]
["two men on different styles of motorcycles ", "Two people on motorcycles parked outside a building.", "Two men that are sitting on motorcycles in the street.", "A couple of men on hot rod motorcycles parked in a lot.", "Two men riding on the back of motorcycles down a parking lot."]
["A man wearing jeans sitting on a parked motorcycle.", "A man sits on a red motorcycle in a parking lot.", "a man sitting on a motorcycle in an empty parking lot", "A man riding a red motorcycle wearing a black jacket", "a person on a motorcycle parked near a building"]
["People are eating at an outdoor cafe at tables with red umbrella tops.", "People sitting at tables at an outside eating area.", "Several people dining in an outdoor or sidewalk cafe on a pretty day", "A group of people sitting outside at various tables eating food.", "people sitting at restaurant tables talking and eating "]
["A motorcycle parked next to a bunch more with a plastic sign in front of it.", "some antique motorcycles all in a row and a few in back also", "There are several older motorcycles on display. ", "Collection of vintage motorcycles sitting on display at a museum. ", "A vintage motorcycle on display with others of the same era."]
["A blue motorcycle parked on street next to hill.", "A blue motorcycle glistens in the light of a sunset.", "A motorcycle parked on the side of a road.", "A dark blue motorcycle is parked on the drive.", "A motorcycle parked at sunset on a gravel surface."]
["People standing on a roadway next to a vintage motorcycle.", "A small group of people standing around a small motor bike.", "A man standing next to a motorcycle on asphalt.", "A person holding upright an older motorcycle that looks to be retrofitted.", "A person standing beside a unique moped on a street."]
["A green motor bike with an odd leather seat sitting on a road.", "an older motorcycle sitting on a road next to a grassy area", "An old model green motorcylce sits on the ground.", "A green vintage motorcycle from the early 20th century.", "A green motorcycle parked on a rugged broken street. "]
["Motorcycle parked on the curb of an empty road.", "A motor bike on a long dirt road.", "A person riding a motorcycle down a dirt road near trees. ", "The motorbike travels the dirt road with a beautiful view.", "A motorcycle sitting in the middle of a road next to a forest."]
["A fire burns while a person rides a green motorcycle and several motorcycles are flipping in the air.", "DIFFERENT TYPES OF TWO WHEELED VEHICLES JUMPING IN THE AIR, WHILE FLAMES ARE PRESENT", "A motorcycle person that is doing some tricks.", "An intricate motorcycle stunt scene performed by professionals.", "There are motorcyclists doing tricks on a ramp."]
["A group of bikers riding down the road together.", "Motorcycles riding on a scenic road during the day", "A large group of motorcyclists riding down a road.", "Motorcyclists riding down a country road in a residential neighborhood.", "A group of people on motor bikes on a road."]
["People on motorcycles riding pass parked cars on the street", "A row of people on motorcycles on street next to houses.", "Motorcycles in two rows coming down a suburban street.", "A group of motorcycles are going down the street.", "A gang of bikers riding down a street."]
["A fireplace with a fire built in it.", "A living room containing a modern fireplace and miscellaneous items ", "A lit fire place in a living room next to a TV.", "A brick fireplace with fire adorned with knick-knacks.", "A living room, with fireplace, television, and throw rug."]
["A living room has a mirror, window, couch, chair, and television in it.", "A room with a white love seat and large rug with miscellaneous furniture.", "The living room has a sofa, chair, rug, and television.", "A living room with a couch and a very large rug.", "This is a modern living room with great natural lighting."]
["A living room filled with furniture and large persian rug.", "A living room area features a large window, a white couch, a small table and a large area rug.", "Open living room with a large window in front of a forrest. ", "A living room scene with a couch and chairs.", "A living room with furnishings and a large window."]
["A small biplane flying through a bright blue sky.", "A small airplane is flying in the clear sky.", "An old airplane is flying high in the sky.", "an single prop red and white airplane with four wings", "A plane is flying through a clear sky"]
["a white and blue jet is flying in some clouds", "An airplane with the landing gear down flying in clear skies.", "plane cuts threw the cloudy blue sky ", "An airplane is flying through the sky during the day.", "A large airplane mid flight among the clouds."]
["A airplane that is flying over a mountain.", "The airplane flies over the snow covered mountaintops.", "A red tailed airplane flying over snowy mountains", "A Swiss Airlines plane is flying above snowy mountains. ", "Large red and white airplane flying over mountain terrain. "]
["A large airplane flying through a blue sky.", "An airplane flying in the sky near a bird. ", "The airplane is flying in the clear blue sky.", "An airplane travels unimpeded in very blue skies ", "A bird flies in front of a twin engine aircraft."]
["a cloudy sky during a day with some overcast", "A small airplane flying high up in the sky.", "A far away view of an airplane flying in the sky. ", "looking up through the grass at a small sirplane", "There is an airplane flying in the sky above."]
["A  large air plane flying in the blue sky.", "A plane is flying in the air against a blue sky.", "A plane is flying in the blue sky.", "Large white jet airplane flying through clear blue skies. ", "A jumbo jet plane flying through a cloudless blue sky."]
["A street devoid of traffic surrounded by tall buildings.", "Downtown road empty during the day with palm trees on it. ", "A street with traffic lights, signs and palm trees around it.", "There are no cars on the long city street.", "A town with roads, street signs, and a lot of palm trees on the side of the road. "]
["a large plane is flying through the sky ", "a large airplane that is flying through the air", "a plane is flying past a street light", "An airplane flying in the distance on its way to land.", "An airplane flying a in clear sky above a light."]
["Two men walking through a field next to a large jet liner.", "Two people walking through a field as a plane lands.", "people walking down a path as a plane lands on a runway", "Two men are standing in a field near a landing strip.", "Two men walking a dog and watching an airplane about to take off."]
["Two sheep are looking over a cement wall.", "Two sheep poking their heads over a white cement wall", "Two sheep peek over the edge of a wall.", "Sheep standing next to a stone wall in front of a tree.", "Two sheep peeking over the wall at something."]
["A bench that is sitting on a cobblestone sidewalk.", "Blurred picture of bench sitting next to street of parked cars", "A bench on a pavement with cars parked on the road", "A slat park bench on a stone brick sidewalk by a narrow empty street next to a parking lot with cars at night with illuminate street lamps.", "A wooden bench sitting on the side of a road."]
["a full frontal view of a giraffe and an ostrich behind", "A giraffe with an ostrich in the background on a field of grass next to statues.", "A giraffe bent at the shoulders with its neck stretched out.", "a giraffe on some grass in its pen at the zoo", "there is a giraffe in a zoo along with a ostrich also"]
["A view of a cloudy sky beyond a street lamp.\n", "A look up a street post with a stoplight and sign low with a light on top.", "A traffic light next to a very tall pointy building.", "A stop light has a blue sign with a P.", "A lamp post with traffic signal, street light and street signs."]
["A giraffe standing next to a tree and some rocks.", "A giraffe looking down while in a zoo pen.", "The giraffe is all alone in the field with zebras. ", "A giraffe is standing near a fallen log.", "A giraffe is standing in a fenced enclosure."]
["The wing of an airplane flying above a beach.", "The view of the tail of a jet while it flies over a city.", "A view outside of an airplane looking down at the earth.", "an image of a airplane flying over the water", "an orange and white plane in the air above the water and coast "]
["A city street line with very tall buildings.", "Looking down a street in New York City with Central Park on the right and buildings on the left.", "a couple of parked cars sitting in front of some buildings ", "a long street next to a bunch of buildings", "There is no where to park on the city street"]
["An airplane is going over a steep mountain.", "An airplane flies along past a snow capped mountain.", "A view of an airplanes engine can be seen in front of a mountain range.", "Jet engine shown in front of snow covered mountain.", "A plane in flight overlooking a snow capped mountain."]
["An air plane wing flying over a very large mountain.", "the view outside of a plane with the view of a mountain ", "The view from an airplane, with the airplane wing extending out and white snow capped mountains below.", "A view from a plane window near a large snowy peak.", "The view of the beautiful snow capped mountaintop was partially obscured by the plane's wing."]
["A dog in an enclosure with a  herd of sheep", "A dog sitting in the middle of a large herd of sheep.", "A  black and white dog is in with some sheep.", "The dog is lying amongst the herd of sheep.", "a dog standing in the middle of a herd of sheep "]
["A traffic signal and signs attached to a pole.", "The stop light is green at an intersection.", "A pole with yellow traffic lights mounted to the sides of it.", "A stop light that is green on a pole", "A traffic light on a post next to a bus stop."]
["A zebra and giraffe that is in the dirt.", "this is a zebra and a giraffe walking on the dirt", "A giraffe and a zebra are in the zoo.", "A giraffe and a zebra in a fenced in area", "A zebra, a giraffe and a rhinoceros stand in an enclosed area."]
["City posts with street signs and lights on it. ", "a green and white street sign and a traffic light", "A traffic light and a sign over a street.", "A green and white traffic sign reading \"sunnydale\" and a traffic light.", "An intersection with traffic lights and a street sign."]
["Snow covered benches near a body of water. ", "Wooden benches are lined along the edge of the water.", "a bunch of empty benches with snow laying on the ground around them", "A row of benched that have been covered by the snow", "Park benches in the snow look out over a frozen lake beside a village."]
["a large air plane on a run way", "A commercial jet open and parked at the edge of the tarmack", "A close shot of a stopped air plane. ", "The cargo hold of the jet is open on the opposite side of the passenger loading ladder.", "A front view of a jet airliner with wheels down and stairs extended."]
["Green illuminated walk sign on a pole in a city.", "a green traffic light and a few different signs", "A stoplight is lit up with a symbol of a girl walking.", "A street sign with a green symbol on it.", "A traffic sign showing the walking symbol in green highlight"]
["Red and white plane sitting in a green field.", "A small plane parked on top of a lush green field.", "a red black and white airplane parked on a grass field", "A white and red aircraft is sitting in the grass.", "It's necessary to tie down a light airplane so it won't be tossed by the wind."]
["Two giraffes that are standing in the grass.", "Two giraffes putting their heads together in a grassy area. ", "Two Giraffes standing with their heads touching each other.", "two giraffes bending their necks on the grass", "A pair of giraffes sharing an intimate moment."]
["Two giraffes standing up next to one another, in between two tree and in the grass.", "Two giraffe are standing next to each other inbetween trees.", "A couple of giraffe standing next to a couple of trees.", "two gifaffes reaching up to eat some leaves ", "Two giraffes standing under trees and looking in opposite directions."]
["A bus stopped on a street at a cross walk.", "Commuter bus in urban street with pedestrian traffic.", "The bus is driving down a busy road.", "A small bus going down a crowded street.", "People walk by as a large bus is driving down the street. "]
["An empty plastic container and a plastic fork left on a bench.", "A plastic fork and lid sit on a wooden bench. ", "A white plastic fork and a container top left on a wooden bench.", "A plastic fork and dish on wooden slats.", "A plastic fork on top of a lid sitting on a bench."]
["A busy intersection in a city has many tall buildings and advertisements. ", "A glass front high rise is loaded with billboards in a crowded town center.", "A New York City street with a crowd gathered and lots of electronic billboards.", "A lot of people that are walking in the street.", "A busy city street with several huge buildings."]
["a brown brick house with so many windows", "A very nice red building has three stories.", "A very tall building with lots of windows and three flag poles", "a large red barn type of building with several floors", "A garden with  a bench sits outside a red building."]
["Cars are driving down a very busy freeway. ", "Cars move along a busy freeway under overcast skies. ", "a highway with cars traveling down it during the night hours", "The view from the front of a vehicle of taillights on a freeway.", "A highway filled with cars being driven both ways. "]
["A herd of sheep walking around in the snow.", "Sheep huddle next to a fence an a hut in the snow.  ", "A cold and snowy pasture containing numerous sheep.", "Sheep are lined along a fence and at the food trough during a snowy day.", "A field covered with snow has several sheep in it."]
["Three giraffe standing next to two zebra on a lush green field.", "Some giraffes and zebras in an exhibit at zoo", "A group of giraffes and zebras feeding and grazing in a grassy field.", "Three giraffe and two zebras are grazing in the grass together.", "Three giraffes and two zebras are feeding in a zoo. "]
["A red double decker bus driving past very tall buildings.", "a big double decker bus is driving around outside", "a double deckered bus driving on a city street", "A double decker bus is moving past a tall building.", "A red bus that is sitting in front of a building."]
["A group of sheep in a field with a fence in the background.", "A group of three sheep in a field.", "three sheep standing around a field of grass", "The three sheep are together in the field.", "A white sheep with a black face stands on a grassy field next to two white sheep with white faces."]
["two sheep next to a wooden structure behind a fence", "Two sheep standing next to each other in the snow.", "A fenced in pasture holing several large animals inside.", "Sheep stand outside of a wooden building on a snowy day.", "Two sheep standing in a snowy field next to a barn."]
["A giraffe trying to lick a little girl.", "A giraffe meets a young girl standing outside an enclosure.", "A giraffe licking the wooden gate near a little girl", "A young giraffe eats grass in front of a little girl in an exhibit.", "A girl observes a giraffe from inside a wooden enclosure."]
["A goat standing next to a tree in the open.", "A sheep in a grassy area next to a tree.", "A sheered sheep standing in a field by a burnt tree.", "A sheep standing and looking straight ahead in a grassy field.", "One white sheep standing still on the pasture near a dried up tree."]
["A city bus drives down a dark city road.", "A bus is driving down a busy street", "The city bus is driving down the road in front of another one. ", "City bus in motion in street at dusk with lonely feel.", "a bus driving down the road at dusk. "]
["a buffalo and a giraffe are in a field", "A giraffe grazing from the top of a bush while another animal looks at the camera.", "A giraffe and a wildebeest eating in their natural environment", "A big giraffe eating off of a tree next to a buffalo.", "A yak and a giraffe in a field together. "]
["A giraffe running across a desert plain at a high speed.", "A giraffe runs across a plain with nothing else in sight.", "A lone giraffe running through a vast open space.", "a giraffe gallops through an open terrain ", "A giraffe running across a dry grass covered field."]
["A giraffe running across a large dirt field.", "THERE IS A GIRAFEE THAT IS RUNNING IN THE OPEN FIELD ", "Giraffe running across land that is mostly dirt and kicking up dust.", "A giraffe running in an open barren desert.", "A giraffe running in the middle of a field. "]
["A red traffic light sitting next to tall buildings.", "Red traffic lights at dusk in a storm", "A red traffic light next to a dark cloudy sky. ", "Red traffic light with dark clouds in the background. ", "A view of a street light with a cloudy sky behind it. "]
["Someone walking down the street and street lights and a one way street sign", "A woman crossing a city street at night. ", "Three stop lights and a woman walking across a street.", "A woman crosses a deserted suburban street at dusk.", "A person crosses the street behind traffic lights."]
["a blue bus is coming down a road", "A bus is traveling along an empty street.", "A blue colored passenger bus that is parked on road next to a building.", "A bus that is standing on the street next to a building.", "Commuter bus at station in urban area on sunny day."]
["two rams walking side by side walking across the road", "Two goats on the road surrounded by trees. ", "Two goats or sheep are crossing the road.", "A pair of goats walking across a street in a forest.", "Yes, goats do cross roads in some places."]
["A close up of a school bus parked on the side of the road.", "A school bus that has pulled to the side of the street.", "A large yellow school bus sitting on the side of a road.", "The school bus has stopped on the side of the road. ", "A big yellow school bus parked on a street."]
["A white park bench sitting in the middle of a forest.", "A garden bench nestled in a botanical oasis ", "A white bench is around a bunch of trees.", "An inviting white bench sits in the shade of this well-planned, forested garden.", "White bench in the middle of a wooded area. "]
["A yellow fire hydrant is standing alone in a parking garage.", "An interesting shadow pattern is seen in an otherwise dark area.", "The shadow of a building being reflected onto another building.", "a hydrant in a hall with no lights on", "A fire hydrant stands on a dark road."]
["A flock of sheep grazing in an open field.", "A bunch of sheep grazing in the field.", "A number of sheep in a grassy fenced in area", "A flock of different colored sheep hanging out and eating grass.", "A large herd of sheep in a grass field."]
["a red fire hydrant in the middle of a green field.", "A red fire hydrant in the middle of a grassy field.", "A red fire hydrant all alone in a field.", "an image of a red fire hydrant in the grass", "A lone fire hydrant is in the middle of a grassy field."]
["Three gray sheep in a field next to their owner.", "Some sheep stand next to a tent in a field. ", "Three sheep are happily walking on a grassy field while someone stands looking down at a table behind them. ", "A tent is set up in the field where the flock of sheep are gathered.", "Three small brown sheep in a grassy field."]
["People sit under umbrellas on benches with a statue on a brick sidewalk.", "a few people that are sitting on some benches", "A view of a group of people sitting on park benches.", "multiple people and a statue sitting on a bench", "A statue sitting on a bench next to a woman."]
["A fire hydrant and some debris on the street. ", "The scene of a fire accident and a fire hydrant covered in ash. ", "this is the aftermath of a fire outside", "a old fire hydrogen that is next to a torn down buliding", "A fire hydrant beside a burned building in a city."]
["a blurry photo of a yellow fire hydrant", "Blurry photograph of a yellow fire hydrant and a red and white divers' flag", "A yellow fire hydrant sitting on the middle of a sidewalk.", "A fire hydrant that is next to a red and white sign.", "a yellow fire hydrant some grass and buildings and trees"]
["A white bus sitting next to lots of buildings.", "A white, purple, pink and grey bus travels along a road.", "A CITY BUS THAT IS PURPLE AND PINK RIDING DOWN THE STREET ", "A public bus carry's its passengers on it's daily route.", "A bus is stopped on the side of a road."]
["A double red bus parked on a street.", "The red double decker bus is followed by another identical bus.", "There is a red double decker bus at the side of the street.", "a large red bus is coming down the street", "A two story bus is parked on the side of a street. "]
["This zoo exhibit is home to a large group of girrafes", "A bunch of giraffes standing around in a grassy field.", "A group of giraffes gathers in a field.", "A group of giraffes are hanging out in a field", "A bunch of giraffe stand around on a dirt covered area."]
["Sheep in the process of getting sheered of their wool", "A herd of sheep standing on top of a green field.", "Group of white sheep standing next to each other in a holding pen. ", "Group of sheep with painted bums on grass.", "Sheep with red stained wool huddle together in a grassy area."]
["A group of sheep in front of a building.", "A group of brown and white sheep in grassy area next to a building.", "Few wooly goats hanging out in front of a garage", "Small herd of brown and white goats next to grey building.", "THREE ANIMALS EATING GRASS AND WALKING AROUND  NEAR A RESIDENCE"]
["A photo of a fire hydrant with a cone next to it.", "The view of red traffic cone near a fire hydrant.", "A FIRE HYDRANT AND WARNING  CONE SITTING ON THE CORNER", "A traffic cone in the grass beside a fire hydrant.", "a fire hydrant sits next to a street cone "]
["Two giraffes are against trees and grass, one is sitting.", "a giraffe looking at another giraffe sitting down", "Two giraffes standing in a park at a zoo.", "two giraffes some trees and one is laying down", "Two Giraffes one is standing and the other one is seated. "]
["Two men standing next to a busted fire hydrant.", "Two guys doing work on a sidewalk that is torn up", "Two men are standing by a silver and black hydrant.", "Men stand and have a conversation near a hole in the road.", "Two men wearing red shirts on a construction site on a city street. "]
["A fire hose sitting on top of a man hole cover near a yellow post.", "Water coming out of fire hydrant pooling on top of a manhole cover.", "A couple of yellow poles near a hoes and sewer. ", "the yellow hose was on the ground as the water poured onto the street.", "Water is slowly flowing from a fire hydrant."]
["A man standing next to a red and silver fire hydrant.", "A person is standing by a pier near a fire hydrant", "a man is standing in front of a fire hydrant", "A man holding a water hose by a fire hydrant.", "Mannin a brown outfit standing in front of a red and white fire hydrant. "]
["Public bus driving on a street in Hong Kong.", "The wheels on the bus do, indeed, go round and round.", "A crowded bus drives down a city street at night.", "A public bus transporting people through a city.", "a small public bus with signs all over it"]
["A brown and white bird is about to fly from a branch. ", "A bird with red area around its eye sitting in a tree.", "a red black brown and white bird on a branch", "A chick perched on top of a leafy tree branch.", "Black and white bird sitting in an evergreen tree"]
["A small bird sitting on top of a plastic cup of water.", "Plastic cup  with yellow and white bird perched on the rim.", "a yellow and black bird perched on a cup of water", "A bird perched on the edge of a water cup.", "Black, white, and yellow bird sitting on the edge of a plastic cup. "]
["Commuter buses parked in a lot outside an apartment complex.", "Two buses parked in a parking lot next to each other.", "A yellow bus parked in a parking lot.", "A yellow and blue bus is parked in a lot.", "A city bus traveling at dusk in a metropolitan setting."]
["A  yellow fire hydrant on a green piece of grass next to a road.", "Yellow fire hydrant in a wooded suburban area", "A yellow fire hydrant across the street from a house and trees.", "A fire hydrant is across the street from a house.", "The fireplug is the dominant element with the architecturally interesting building in the background."]
["Sheep are in a field near a fence and on a tractor.", "a large group of sheep eating from a manger", "The sheep are grazing in the barn where a trolley full of hay is brought. ", "A herd of sheep grazing from truck of hay.", "Many sheep gather on a truck and in a field eating hay."]
["The small bird is standing on the back of a metallic chair. ", "A bird is sitting on the back of a patio chair.", "A white chair sitting under a white table.", "A small white bird sitting on top of a white chair", "A sparrow is sitting on the back of a patio chair."]
["A field filled full of sheep, grazing and eating in the pasture.", "a view of a flock of sheep grazing in a field.", "A herd of sheep grazing in a grassy field", "A herd of sheep is in a bar wire fence eating grass.", "a herd of sheep eating grass in a field "]
["A bird standing on a ledge looking out.", "A bird is standing in the opening of a window frame. ", "A large bird stands on the ledge of a window.", "A large bird is standing in an open window.", "A bird of prey sitting in a open window."]
["a school advertising on its store front window", "A large sign sitting on the front of a building.", "A sign on a glass building reading \"Factory Trained Technicians.\"", "A sign in front of glass that reads Factory Trained Technicians.", "A sign reading \"factory trained technicians\" on a glass wall."]
["A building with a large circular window that has a designed iron bar cover on it and a pigeon flying from it.", "A large circular window with a decorative iron barrier.", "A bird flying out of an attic window of a building.", "A pigeon flies out of a barred exit on a brick building.", "Wrought iron bars over a round window in a stone building face."]
["Some sheep sit in the grass of a field.", "A herd of sheep grazing on a lush green field.", "White sheep graze, and rest in a green field.", "A herd of sheep relax on a grassy green field.", "the sheep are grazing in the green grass"]
["Sheep grazing on a grass covered field side by side.", "A group of sheep grazing in a field.", "Multiple black and white sheep graze in an open field.", "Several sheep eating in a pasture and one is looking up.", "Sheep and rams in the middle of a field eating grass"]
["A tall giraffe kissing the bark of a brown tree. ", "A giraffe stands besides a tall tree and rocks", "A giraffe with its head next to a tree trunk.", "in single giraffe standing near a tree nibiling  on the bark", "A tall giraffe standing next to a tree on a grassy field."]
["A giraffe is standing near some large boulders.", "Up close to a giraffe in its natural habitat.", "A lone giraffe standing in the sun in captivity.", "A giraffe standing by the rocks on a sunny day. ", "A giraffe is standing next to large rocks in a grassy area."]
["A white traffic sign with black letters at night.", "A sign stating no bed crossing and to use crosswalk.", "A large white sign showing where to use the crosswalk at night.", "a black and white sign is by the road", "Street signs depicting \"no bed crossing\" and \"use crosswalk\"."]
["Two giraffes leaning over a fence to eat leaves. ", "Two giraffes are looking in the opposite direction. ", "Two giraffes eating tree leaves in an enclosure. ", "Two giraffes at the zoo leaning against the fence.", "Two giraffes sitting in front of a tree together."]
["a wooden post holds up a sign off of a road ", "A sign that is attached to a wooden pole.", "A sign on a pole is displayed on a road.", "A sign indicating the historical site that is the Nathan Hale Homestead.", "A business sign attached to a wooden post."]
["Two birds sitting on a branch in the woods.", "Two small birds perched on tree branches together", "two grey birds sitting on a brown stick", "two small birds perched on two tree branches", "Two small birds are resting on a tree branch."]
["Sign over city street above traffic lights by a building.", "A street sign hangs over a city intersection.", "A street sign outside of a tall building surrounded by trees.", "A street sign reads \"Hannah-Arendt-Strafze\" on the corner.", "A street sign overshadowed by a multileveled town building."]
["Black bird with red eyes as seen sitting on branch.", "A black bird perched up on top of a tree branch.", "A bird perched on a branch by some leaves.", "a bird with red eyes sits on a tree branch", "A bird with red eyes is sitting on a tree branch."]
["A rustic iron fence with bushes in front of it and a blue information sign.", "A blue street sign sitting under a camera.", "a sign in blue showing a direction besides a road", "A sign in front of a fence laced with shrubbery.", "A round blue street sign with a white arrow."]
["A bird on a branch in a tree ", "there is a brown and black bird sitting on a tree branch", "A BIRD ON A BRANCH RUFFLING ITS FEATHERS", "A small bird perched on top of a tree branch.", "A close-up photo of a bird perched on a tree branch."]
["A group of people standing around a couple of elephants.", "there are two elephants that are walking on the road", "Two people ride elephants while two others look to the camera.", "People are riding on elephants and other people stand nearby.", "Two adult elephants are standing beside a road while men are riding on top."]
["A cat wearing a Santa suit including a Santa hat.", "A cat that has her eyes closed on the bed.", "A cat is wearing a santa hat and collar.", "An orange cat sitting on a lap and wearing a santa hat.", "A tan car wears a Santa Claus outfit."]
["A cat is dressed like santa with a meme put together.", "A cat in a Santa hat on a Christmas card.", "A cat is smiling in a Christmas hat", "A funny card with a cat wearing a Santa Claus hat", "A cute cat picture that is dressed up in Christmas outfits."]
["A blue road sign with arrows and the words Atlas Rd Pretoria.", "A blue road sign with lots of white arrows on it.", "A blue, yellow, and white sign with words and arrows on it. ", "A blue sign that has arrows on it.", "A sign showing the way to Atlas Road."]
["a small girl in a pink top is laying on a couches arm", "A little girl laying on the arm of a sofa with a silly hat on.", "A baby with legs on the couch ", "A little grl is lounging on the edge of a couch.", "A young girl is sitting on a couch while playing with a toy."]
["The large bird is walking in the water.", "An egret walking alone in some shallow water", "a white bird with a yellow beak is standing in some water", "A crane standing in shallow water in the sun.", "A bird is wading in the shallow water."]
["Road signs litter the side of a road.", "A green sign pointing to the left saying south next to a \"no right turn\" sign", "Street signs with freeway directions on road with trees", "STREET CORNER WITH LOTS OF DIFFERENT DIRECTIONAL SIGNS", "A sign that says \"South\" and another sign that says \"One way\" on the side of the road. "]
["A sign littered with stickers on a pole with a crosswalk button beside a large red building.", "A yellow crossing sign is covered in stickers. ", "Rock band stickers almost cover a crosswalk sign and signal.", "a crosswalk sign covered in stickers on a city street", "A street sign has stickers all over it."]
["some signs buildings trees bushes a green and white sign", "Multiple street signs giving direction in this neighborhood", "A large green street sign sitting next to a speed limit sign.", "Traffic signs at a neighborhood entrance to a city.", "A sign that says \"30 mph\" and a green sign that says \"city of Amsterdam.\""]
["A large white bird flying over a sandy beach.", "A white bird flying above a beach parking lot", "The large bird is flying threw the air.", "A bird is flying while being close to the ground", "A bird flies through the air on a sunny day. "]
["A bird sitting on top of a tree branch in a lake.", "A bird on a branch over the water. ", "a bird standing on a branch sticking out of the water.", "A bird perched on a log in the water.", "Bird with a long neck sitting on a pole in the water. "]
["A couple of brown cows standing by the side of a road.", "Some cows are on the edge of a country road.", "Cows along the side of the street as motorist passes.", "A rear view mirror is near a road with cows on it.", "a person on a motor bike rides down a road next to some cows"]
["A man walking across the street without any traffic.", "A blue road sign for Garnie Gueghard with a city in the background. ", "A city street with a blue and white informational sign set in a flower garden.", "A street with a blue street sign sitting next to it.", "A blue road sign reading \"Garni Gueghard\" ahead."]
["A parrot is eating some food from his own claw", "A parrot is biting at its toes. ", "A macaw puts its claw up to its beak.", "a multi-colored parrot holding its foot up to its beak.", "The colorful bird is perched on a branch in the dense forest."]
["Two people walking down the sidewalk with each other near a Street", "a vintage photo of two people walking down a road ", "Ironic picture of man and woman walking up a sidewalk under a \"Wrong Way\" sign.", "A couple walking down a sidewalk under directional road signs.", "Two people walking down the sidewalk with a \"wrong way\" street sign directly above them"]
["Intersection and lights for Queen St and Bay St.", "a blue and white street sign a traffic light and some buildings", "A traffic intersection shows traffic lights and street signs.", "A traffic light and sign on a metal pole.", "A street sign attached to a traffic light pole in an intersection."]
["A grey duck flowing in water next to branches.", "A small duck floating in the water near some branches.", "A duck floating in a pond near submerged trees.", "a duck in a body of water with tree branches all around", "A lone duck swimming in the grey green water of a marsh."]
["A duck walking in the dry grass near a lake.", "A gray goose is alone on a lawn of grass.", "A dark colored duck walking on the grass, next to a body of water and trees.", "A duck walking across a dry grass covered field.", "A duck waddling on dry grass by a lake."]
["A road sign warning of Resident Permit Parking Only.", "A Charlestown resident permit parking only sign on Badger Place", "a close up of a street sign with a sky background", "A \"Resident Parking Only\" sign in front of a row of townhouses.", "Signs warn that parking is for residents only at certain times."]
["A train engine at a station with vehicles beside it.", "A train is next to a truck full of vehicles and an RV behind it.", "a train next to a truck with cars loaded on it and another small truck", "A line of traffic beside a metro bullet style train indoors.", "a close up of a public transit train parked near other vehicles"]
["A black train engine pulling a white train in the rain.", "A train glides on a track in the rain", "a black and white train engine is pulling a silver train car", "A large long train on a steel track.", "A train is going down the tracks in the rain."]
["An orange train traveling past tall buildings and a crowd of people..", "Red and orange train at a train stop in a city. ", "People on a platform waiting for a train.", "A subway train is pulling into the station.  ", "An orange and red train on the tracks next to a group of people."]
["A green 7th street sign hanging from a wooden pole.", "A flower image on a street sign for \"E 7th St\"", "There is a street sign with a rose on it.", "A post with a lettered street sign attached.", "Two street signs attached to a black pole with blue sky in the background."]
["A large sign sitting in a field with a broken down fence.", "A large field with a truck stop sign on it.", "Derelict billboard in a rural field next to pine forest.", "a big sign leaning in the middle of a bare field ", "A truck stop sign in the middle of an empty field"]
["A couple of signs that are above a stop sign.", "Stop sign with photo effect in the dark.", "Front diagonal view from slightly below a STOP sign with perpendicular street signs above it against black background.", "A stop sign has street signs crossed on top of it.", "a stop sign and a pole in a dark knight"]
["A sign that says \"stop\" with another sign underneath it .", "A stop sign has a white square sign by it.", "A stop sign on side of street with rocks in the background.", "A stop sign at the crossroads of a mountain side.", "A white sign with black text is posted under a stop sign."]
["The signs are clearly visible for all of us to see.", "A stop sign that is on top of a pole.", "The donut shop is at the corner by the stop sign.", "A stop sign is at a corner near a donut sign.", "A red stop sign on a pole on a street."]
["a nice train travels next to some trees ", "A train driving around a corner on the track.", "A passenger train on the tracks going around a curve.", "A train moves down train tracks in a quiet area.", "Passenger train approaching. With trees lining the rail"]
["A leaned over stop sign in a snowy parking lot.", "A stop sign tipped over and buried in the snow", "A stop sign leaning over in melting snow.", "A stop sign that has fallen over in the snow.", "a broken stop sign bent over in some snow"]
["A stop sign is hanging from a metal post.", "Different kinds of street signs in front of buildings. ", "A stop sign and street signs stand in the foreground of a line of urban buildings.", "The Ceresota Building at the intersection of S 2nd St and S 5th Av in Minneapolis.", "A 4 Way Stop sign on the corner of S. 2nd Street and S. 5th Ave in front of the Ceresota building."]
["A stop sign in the middle of the road", "A red stop sign posted next to a tree next to a sidewalk.", "A stop sign near a street corner by a tree", "A stop sign stands by the side of the road near a tree.", "A stop sign on a road next to a tree."]
["There is a stop sign with a factory in the distance.", "A red stop sign sitting next to a very tall building.", "A 4-way stop sign with several buildings in the background.", "A four way stop sign in a big city.", "A four way stop sign in front of a building."]
["a stop sign and across the street are some vehicles", "The stop sign is clearly visible for all to see.", "The are cars and truck in the street on a shopping center.", "A red stop sign sitting next to a parking lot.", "A stop sign that is at the top of a pole."]
["A traffic sign with writing on it at an intersection. ", "A street and sidewalk lined with cars and people with a street sign in foreground.", "A stop sign on a pole on the corner of a street ", "A RED STOP SIGN ON THE CORNER OF A STREET ", "a stop sign in front of a busy city street"]
["The stop sign at the corner of North Main and Schoolhouse", "A stop sign that is next to some street signs.", "A stop sign next to a building at a crossroads.", "A stop sign is at the intersection of Main St and Schoolhouse.", "A stop sign mounted on pole in front of a street sign mounted on its own pole."]
["A large red sign on a metal pole.", "A stop sign sits on a road with graffiti. ", "A Stop sign with some potted plants next to some buildings", "The stop sign has words painted on it.", "a stop sign sits in front of a building "]
["A group of people standing around a red stop sign.", "Many people gather to look at a car near a stop sign.", "an image of a group of people walking near a stop sign", "A  group of people gathered on a corner by a stop sign", "A group of people standing in various areas on a street."]
["A large white building with a red stop sign in front of it.", "Stop sign with a state capitol building in the distance.", "A large building with rotunda overlooking a street.", "a 4 way stop sign in front of a capitol building", "Stop sign in front of white government building with cupola."]
["A commuter train passes people sitting on a bench at a train station.", "A side view of a train station with people.", "A train station with people and trains. ", "A passenger train coming into the station where people are waiting.", "A train arriving at a train station where a few people are waiting."]
["A yellow train parked at a train station next to a platform.", "People standing on a platform next to a train.", "A woman waiting in front of a train to board it", "A passanger train stopped at a station where people are waiting.", "People are waiting alongside a train track for the train to stop."]
["A red stop sign next to a road in the middle of nowhere.", "A stop sign with \"it\" written on it.", "A stop sign has been spray painted by a vandal", "A STOP sign with the word IT written in graffiti after STOP", "A picture of a stop sign at an intersection."]
["A road sign giving directions and a Stop sign on a roadside ", "A road sign reading \"Hell Canyon Rd\" stands next to a stop sign.", "A red stop sign sitting next to a green street sign.", "two green street signs and a stop sign", "a couple of street signs tha'ts next to a stop sign"]
["A red stop sign sitting on the side of a street.", "a stop sign with signs in the back ground ", "Bright STOP sign sitting at a city intersection. ", "Buildings and other street signs stand behind a stop sign. ", "A stop sign is standing on a street corner."]
["A yellow and blue train stopped at a train station.", "Blue and yellow passenger train with its doors open on a station. ", "A subway train doors open on the train platform", "There is a train at the station with its doors open", "The train is stopped, and the doors are open."]
["a parking meter is in front of a vehicle ", "A parking meter that has malfunctioned and needs attention. ", "A couple of parking meters on a street.", "A parking meter that reads \"fail\" and a white car sits across from it.", "a parking meter with the word \"fail\" written on it"]
["A bike buried under snow next to parking meters.", "A bicycle parked against a parking meter is drowned in snow.", "Cars parked by parking meters buried in snow on a street near buildings.", "A car at a parking meter, both covered heavily in snow.", "a parking meter covered in snow next to a parked car"]
["a parking meter with some graffiti on it ", "Two bikes parked next to a parking meter.", "A picture of a machine built next to a street. ", "Bicycles are parked against a parking meter near parked cars.", "A parking meter with a bike and a car next to it."]
["Some taxi cabs parked along the side of a road.", "Cars are parked along a tree lined street.", "A street scene with a couple taxis lined up.", "A group of non-standard cabs lining a street.", "Two taxis parked next to each other in the street."]
["A black and white dog sitting on the edge of a patio.", "A dog tied to a white barrel in the bed of a truck.  ", "A rotweiler sitting in the back of a pickup truck ", "A dog sitting in the back of a pick-up truck with a leash on it that is tied to a container in the back of the truck.", "A dog is tied up in the back of a truck"]
["A reflection on the exterior window of a vehicle.", "a parked vehicle with a glass rolled up window ", "An empty truck with white doors and a yellow body.", "An empty vehicle with a lawn chair in the driver seat", "A close up look into a window of a vehicle."]
["The cat is looking inside of the open backpack. ", "The dog is sniffing through the suspicious luggage.", "a cat is looking through a suit case.", "Two cats sitting near a backpack and one looking inside.", "A cat looking in a back pack that is open."]
["There are cattle on the bank by the river. ", "Several cows standing off in a field next to a river.", "A bunch of cows grazing in a field next to water.", "A lot of animals grazing on a lush green hillside.", "some water trees and animals on a grassy hill"]
["The cat is looking through the window at  the animal eating the seed in the feeder.", "a close up of a cat at a window looking at a squirrel ", "A cat observing a squirrel eating food from a glass feeder.", "A cat sitting near a window looking at a squirrel eating. ", "a cat looks into a window at a squirrel "]
["A group of people walking down a snow covered path with cats and horses.", "Men, Women, cats and horses all having a good time in the snow", "A lot of people in the snow with horses and cats.", "Panoramic photos of the same two people with a cat and a horse.", "A group of people work with cats and horses."]
["A big very old looking rusty truck in the grass.", "An old truck parked in weeds in the woods ", "there is a old truck parked in the grass", "An old pickup truck sitting in the middle of a yard. It looks to be non functional. ", "An old brown pick up truck with a space tie on the roof of the truck."]
["A cat wearing a neck tie laying on top of a pillow.", "A cat is wearing a suit tie with a mad expression.", "a cat sits in a bed with a tie on ", "A cat curled up on a blanket wearing a small tie.", "A cat wearing a tie, laying on a large soft surface."]
["A grey cat wearing a tie sitting on a computer desk.", "a cat sitting on a desk on a piece of lined paper next to a computer, pen and computer mouse.", "A brown cat next to a desktop computer with keyboard and mouse", "a fluffy cat sitting next to a computer keyboard", "The furry grey cat is sitting next to a computer."]
["a cat is laying on a window ledge", "a cat wearing a tie is staring at the camera", "a black brown and white cat a window and a white cup", "The cat is laying down on the ledge of a window sill.", "A cat lays down with a ribbon around its neck"]
["Two cats are lying next to each other with heads on a pillow. ", "A cat sleeping next to a tie dyed pillow.", "A cat that is laying down on a pillow.", "A cat is lying on a cushion on a couch.", "A cat laying on top of tie dyed pillow."]
["Three furry calves standing in a fenced area.", "some small animals are standing behind a fence", "Long-haired calves stand in thick grass and look through a fence. ", "3 shaggy little brown cows in a meadow", "A few animals standing behind a fence in the grass."]
["A large bull with long horns sitting on a beach.", "A steer laying down on a public beach next to people.", "two brown animals and one is laying down the other is standing", "A water buffalo and a calf on a beach near a crowd of people.", "Cows resting on a busy beach on a sunny day"]
["A cat standing on top of a piece of luggage in a room.", "Calico cat sitting in a duffel bag carrier surrounded by clutter.", "The cat is finds a comfortable bed in the  packed storage and travel bags.", "A cat inside a carrier in a room ", "A cat sits in one of the luggage bags that is being packed."]
["A lady flying a kite in a neighborhood while there is daylight.", "A woman standing next to a cat laying on the ground.", "A man is flying a cat while a cat watches", "Man and a cat outside playing with a cat toy.", "A woman is looking on at a cat sitting in the grass."]
["A thin cat jumping off a pile of stuff", "A cat standing on a pallet of junk in a desert state.", "A skinny, wet cat looks over the side of a platform.", "a cat jumping off of a truck  with containers of bottles", "a skinny cat looking over the side of a ledge next to some bottles "]
["this is a man riding a horse oin the dirt", "The cows are standing and grazing on dry land.", "A couple of young people ridding a borrow across a field while cattle are grazing.", "An adult and a child on horseback heading towards three cows in some barren land ", "A man and a child sitting on a horse."]
["A group of people standing beside a food truck.", "A line of people standing in front of a food truck", "People are drawn to the food truck during a company outing.", "Many people line up at a food truck in the street", "A group of people standing in front of a food truck."]
["A cow standing in a grassy fields surrounded by shrubs", "A picture of a cow has been given a purple frame", "Front view of a cow on a grassy meadow surrounded by lush vegetation.", "A lone cow looks forward towards the camera.", "a brown cow standing in a field with trees"]
["A collection of trinkets and little girls purses.", "A photo of things that a woman would own.", "A watermelon purse, a pig backpack, several coin purses, diapers, an apple and other items laid out.  ", "Assortment of items displayed on wooden table in dark room.", "The stuff laying on the floor might be suitable for a wide range of children.  "]
["Two cows in a field eating from a food bowl", "Two cows grazing on lush green grass in a field.", "Two cows drink from a trough on a grassy field.", "Two cows in a grassy field with a water trough.", "The two large cows are drinking from a watering trough."]
["A cat sitting underneath a bed on the floor.", "a tiger striped cat hiding under a bed ", "A cat sitting underneath a bed in a room.", "A cat is hiding under a bed beside a throw rug.", "Striped cat sitting under the bed looking at the camera"]
["Three cats are lieing on a big soft pillow. ", "A group of three cats rest comfortably on a bed.", "A cat laying on top of a bed next to two other cats.", "At least three cats are laying together in someone's bed.", "Three black and brown cats laying on a white bed."]
["A striped cat curled up above a comforter. ", "A cat laying on top of a bed next to pillows.", "A cat lying down on a large pillow.", "A striped cat lays on top of a striped blanket. ", "A cat lounges on a fluffy duvet on a bed."]
["A small cat lies on a fluffy white blanket.", "A fuzzy blanket feels like fur to this car.", "A tabby cat laying on a furry blanket.", "This cat is playing on a fuzzy white blanket.", "A cat looks back over its shoulder while laying on top of a fuzzy white blanket."]
["a cat laying down next to a mirror ", "A cat laying next to a mirror and its reflection. ", "Cat lounging next to a window, eyeing photographer.", "A cat laying in front of a mirror on a table top.", "A cat laying on its side next to a mirror. "]
["A cat sitting on top of a cat post in a living room.", "A cat sitting on top of a pole", "A cat sits at the very top of a scratching pole", "The cat sits on the highest post of the scratching structure.", "A cat sits atop a scratching tree, watching intently. "]
["The two cats are looking for something good to eat.", "A couple of cats sitting and leaning on a chair.", "Two cats sniffing an orange chair with flowers ", "One cat is sitting on the chair while another looks in the chair from the floor.", "A couple of cats and a chair in a room."]
["A man standing in a driveway next to a truck.", "A middle aged man standing by an old white pickup truck.", "Black and white photo of a man near his truck.", "A man that is standing next to a truck.", "A black and white photo of a man standing with his hand on his truck."]
["A tractor trailer truck being loaded with cargo.", "Some workers loading or unloading items from a truck.", "A tractor trailer rig being unloaded by a fork lift.", "A semi truck being loaded up with boxes by multiple individuals.", "A large truck is opened on one side with huge boxes in it."]
["A person sitting on a couch with a cat and a laptop on their lap.", "A person uses a laptop while a cat sits on their lap looking up.", "A person with a cat in their lap is sitting in front of a laptop.  ", "A cat is on someones lap who is using a lap top.", "a close up of a cat in the lap of someone "]
["The dog is standing on the boat deck.", "a boat tied to a dock in the sea having a large dog on board", "A boat carrying a dog in the sea", "A brown dog is on the deck of a boat on water.", "A tan dog standing on a boat that is in the water."]
["A black dog lays his head on a book of maps.", "a dog lays on a book next to a lever ", "Black dog with blue collar laying on a boat.", "A dog is laying on a map book", "A dog with its nose sitting idly on a map book next to a machine lever."]
["Cows are laying down in a field of grass.", "A herd of black cattle grazing and lounging in a green field.", "A cow laying in a field as other cows eat grass.", "A black cow rests in the grass while other cows are grazing in the distance. ", "There are two cows on e cow is laying in the grass"]
["A cat sits on an open laptop. ", "The cat is sitting on the keyboard of the laptop.", "A black and white cat sitting on top of an open laptop.", "A black and white cat is sitting up on a laptop.", "A cat sits on top of a computer."]
["A yellow boat sitting on top of a sandy beach.", "a small yellow boat that is tied up to a tree stump", "a boat on a beach near a body of water ", "The boat is tied to a tree stump with yellow rope.", "A boat is sitting overturned on the shore near the water. "]
["A man wearing a short skirt and tighty whities.", "A person in a very funny costume laying on a bed.", "A man dressed as a woman is lying on the bed", "A person in a police uniform laying seductively on a bed.", "a man is dressed as a woman laying down\n"]
["A person sitting on a bed wearing a hat, tie, shirt and stockings.", "A woman half dressed in a uniform plopped on a bed.", " a person sitting in a bed with no pants on", "A woman in sheer stockings sitting on a bed", "a person dressed in stockings, a blue button shirt, tie and hat"]
["The boy stands next to the baby elephant on the sidewalk.", "A man on a sidewalk standing next to a baby elephant.", "A man and a small elephant on the sidewalk.", "A baby elephant standing next to a person holding  a bag.", "A man standing next to a baby elephant in the city."]
["Muddy elephant with large tusks in natural habitat.", "A large elephant is climbing out of the muddy river. ", "A large gray elephant standing on a dirt field.", "A medium sized elephant covered in dirty mud", "An elephant with its front legs up on a hill."]
["a close up of a reflection in a body of water", "Reflective image of a boat on the water.", " a blue boat and its reflection on some water", "Bottom of blue boat reflected in the water.", "A large blue structure resting in some water."]
["A man with a polka dotted tie, dress shirt and wool sweater on.", "a person wearing a tie and a sweater vest ", "A brown tie with yellow spots matched with a grey vest and a white shirt.", "a close up of a brown tie with white polka dots", "a picture of a polka dot pattern tie"]
["A large gray elephant with large white tusk.", "A medium-sized elephant stretches its legs as it feeds upon dry grass.", "An elephant stands between two bushes on a dry field. ", "An elephant standing in the grass on the plains.", "an elephant is standing in some dry grass and trees"]
["Several people sitting around a table that has papers and name cards on it.", "a group of people sitting around a long table with paper work in front of them", "A group of men sitting around a wooden table.", "Businessmen sitting at a conference table talking and drinking water.", "A bunch of well dressed people at a very long table."]
["these two men in suits are shaking hands", "Two men who are shaking hands in front of flags.", "A man shaking another mans hand next to the Israeli flag.", "Two men dressed in business attire shaking hands.", "Two men are standing in front of flags and shaking hands."]
["A man helps his friend with his suit.", "A man adjusting another mans suit in a building.", "Two gentleman in formal suits, one of them is adjusting the collar of the other.", "A man is placing something on another man's coat lapel.", "their are two men in suits getting ready "]
["The elephants are walking through the tall grass.", "Four elephants are up to their knees in grass.", "Here are some elephants grazing in the wildlife preserve", "A group of young elephants roam through a grassy field together.", "A group of elephants on a grass field."]
["A man wearing a striped tie and a jacket.", "The guy is dressed up and wearing a tie.", "A person in a black suit with a black and white striped tie.", "A man in a tie and suit standing. ", "A man wearing a striped tie with a black blazer"]
["A large red and white boat floating on top of a lake.", "A boat has red and white paint and a tall outlook.", "A very large ship on land next to a large body of water.", "A boat in a river near trees. ", "a big boathouse docked on the water near other boats."]
["a small boat in a body of water", "A river with a boat and several buildings nearby", "A small boat pulling up to a dock on the river.", "A village in the jungle with a river running past and a boat on the river. ", "A boat is on a muddy river near a dock."]
["A street market where people are walking by.", "A man carrying a bag walks down a busy street. ", "Group of people walking down a roadway. ", "A crowd of people in an Asian marketplace.", "A crowd of people walking among concession stands."]
["Two large and one baby elephant walking through the marsh.", "A herd of elephants walking down a grass covered marsh.", "Two adult elephants and a baby elephant walk through the marsh.", "a trio of elephants walking in some marshy land", "Three elephants, one a baby appearing to be holding it's mother's tail, in wet land, but arid hill in background."]
["A man dressed in a black vest suit is modeling in front of a building. ", "A man standing up against a building ", "a person wearing a suit and tie leaning on a building", "You male poses against stone wall with leg up.", "Man wearing a grey and white suit models for the camera."]
["A person stands with a tie and skirt on.", "A girl in a red skirt and red tye with a blazer.", "A very cute girl wearing a red tie and skirt.", "a tall young female wearing a red dress and black coat", "A lady wearing a school-girl like outfit posing for the camera. "]
["A man wearing a tie and a white shirt with glasses.", "a man with glasses wearing a pink shirt and tie", "A man with glasses adjusting his tie in a mirror.", "The man has on black glasses and is about to take a picture.", "A man standing in a white shirt with a tie."]
["Two women are talking to a guy who is wearing a hat and tie at a window.", "A woman approaching a kiosk selling wood ties ", "a man at a booth selling ties made from wood", "A man in a booth selling wood ties.", "A woman standing at a counter in front of a man wearing a hat."]
["A man in a suit and tie holding a violin bow.", "The man in the dark suit stands in the dark room.", "A man in a suit holds two lit incense sticks at a ceremony.", "A man standing in a darkened room next to flowers.", "A man holding a stick with some flowers behind him"]
["A person standing next to a chair holding an umbrella.", "A person holding an umbrella in a garage.", "A person looking out their garage holding an umberella.", "A man standing in a garage with an umbrella opened. ", "A person is holding an umbrella while standing in the garage."]
["Two elephants in the water with their mouths together.", "Two elephants playing with each other in the water. ", "Two elephants in the water have their trunks intertwined.", "Two elephants fighting or playing in the water.", "Two elephants in the water interacting with one another."]
["An elephant is standing outside of the water while the others are inside. ", "an elephant about to get in the water with two elephants already in it", "there are two elephants in the water and one elephant out of it", "An elephant attempting to step into a pool of water.", "Several elephants standing together in a body of water."]
["A man on a white boat in the middle of an ocean.", "A person sails a dilapidated boat over a body of water.", "A man standing in a boat in the ocean.", "The person is standing on the boat all alone. ", "A person riding a boat on the blue ocean."]
["A white bed and dresser are in a small room.", "a white bedroom a bed a brown chair and some white drawers", "Bedroom with white walls, white bed, and white cabinet. ", "A room with a slanted ceiling has mostly white furniture. ", "A dainty girl's bedroom with floral wall paper."]
["A family of elephants standing next to each other.", "A group of elephants standing inside a pin", "3 adult elephants stand with a baby elephant behind a fence.", "Three large elephant and one baby elephant in a zoo enclosure.", "Three elephants surround a calf behind a fence.  "]
["A brown chair with a blue umbrella on top of it.", "a chair sitting outdoors with a blue umbella ", "a chair with an umbrella sitting on top of it ", "this is a computer chair with an umbrella ", "This photo has altered colors that makes the grass look purple."]
["A man in a blue shirt and tie with red stripes.", "a man with a tie on posing for the camera.", "There are no images to describe; however it requires eight words to move on.", "Well dressed middle aged man with an unimpressed expression. ", "The man is dressed in a shirt and tie posing for a photo. "]
["A group of people standing around a table under a light.", "A group of people gathered around a food cart.", "People gather at a kiosk with a red umbrella at night.", "A number of people surrounding a street vendor under an umbrella.", "A group of people outside at night under a red umbrella"]
["A man wearing glasses and a blue sweater.", "The man is wearing a blue sweater and a tie.", "a close up of a person wearing a sweater a shirt and tie", "A portrait if a man in glasses in a sweater over a shirt and tie", "A man in glasses wearing a sweater over a tie."]
["an elephant on a dirt path with trees in the background", "An elephant has its ears folded forward while standing.", "The large elephant is walking by itself in the wooded area. ", "An elephant stands amidst trees white eating leaves held in his trunk,", "An elephant in a forrest type area standing by itself"]
["Two people are riding on top of some elephants.", "Two men riding their own respective elephants. ", "two elephants with a person riding on each one", "A couple of men riding on a couple of elephants.", "a couple of people riding on some big elephants "]
["A woman standing next to two smiling men.", "Three people posing for the camera in a dimmly lit room.", "three smiling people posing for a picture ", "three people posing for a photo outside a house", "three people that are posing for a picture"]
["Two men in suits look like they are singing ", "Two men in suits with their mouths open. ", "Two men are singing together during a performance.", "Two men in suits one with a surprised look on his face", "One man is surprised and another man is smiling."]
["A young woman wearing a suit and tie posing for a picture.", "A woman looks at the camera as a picture is taken", "a woman is wearing a suit and tie in a room", "A young lady wearing a black sweater and a tie.", "a close up of a person wearing a suit and tie "]
["A man wearing glasses while standing in front of a microphone.", "a black and white picture of a white man singing a song", "THERE IS A MAN THAT IS TALKING AT THE PODEM ", "A young man with glasses standing with a microphone in front of him", "The man stands in front of a music stand and a microphone."]
["Attendants at a fancy event wear long dresses and tuxedos.", "A couple in formal wear posing outside a brick building at night", "A man and a woman dressed up for a ball posing for a picture.", "A formally dressed couple in tuxedo and evening gown on the steps on a building.", "two people in formal wear standing right next to each other "]
["Man in red jacket and red tie walking in a crowd. ", "A man wearing a suit walking down the street. ", "a man walking alone down the street in a velvet jacket", "a male in a red tie and some other people ", "A man in a suit is walking on a cobblestone street."]
["The person on a bike is under an umbrella to protect herself from the rain.", "A person riding a bike past a colorful statue, carrying an umbrella.", "there is a person on a bike holding a umbrella in the rain", "A person with an umbrella on a city street.", "A bicyclist with an umbrella pauses in the rain beside a Ganesha shrine."]
["The man is standing in front of a door.", "A man in a plaid shirt has something in his mouth.", "A man is standing looking sideways with something in his mouth", "Man poses sideways wearing a plaid shirt and a tie. ", "a man wearing a tie with something in his mouth"]
["A man adjusting his neck tie while wearing a vest.", "A man wearing a vest and bow tie posing for a picture.", "A man standing up and tugging on his bow tie.", "A very happy looking well dressed guy with a nice tie.", "A man smiles as he adjusts the collar of his shirt."]
["Several umbrella covered areas are placed in a field.", "Multicolored Umbrellas over multicolored platforms in a field surrounded by trees.", "A grassy field with different colored umbrellas on the grass.", "Several colorful umbrellas sit on colorful squares in a green field. ", "A green field filled with colored umbrellas under a blue sky."]
["Water is spouting out of many colorful umbrellas.", "Several different colored umbrellas in a grass field.", "Umbrellas with water sprinklers attached on top are shown scattered across a field.", "a number of umbrellas with sprinklers on top", "four different tents with two colors with sprinkler on "]
["A man standing over a white bucket on top of a sandy beach.", "Three children are filling sand into a bucket. ", "The group of children are putting sand in the bucket.", "A person with a shovel is putting sand in a bucket.", "A couple of children digging in sand and dumping the sand in a bucket."]
["A woman in a white dress and someone with a striped umbrella seated by a pond.", "Two people sitting by a river, one with an umbrella.", "a man and a woman sitting on a river with an umbrella", "A woman sitting next to a man near a river.", "Two people sitting on a field overlooking water holding an umbrella. "]
["A glass vase that has a cat laying near it.", "A cat lurks in the background behind a glass vase.", "A cat that is laying down on a couch.", "A cat is laying on a leather chair.", "a cat that is laying down on a bed"]
["Two men standing over a table eating food.", "Two guys wearing suits are eating at a party.", "Two men in black dress clothing eating food off of a table. ", "Two men in suits are grabbing food from a table.", "Two men eating vegetables in front of a window."]
["a man in glasses that has a suit on ", "The man is wearing a plaid dress suit and glasses.", "A man in glasses wearing a brown suit and red tie.", "A man, wearing glasses and dressded in a suit and tie. looks ready to say something.", "A young man wearing a brown suit and black glasses."]
["A mother and child standing in front of a group of elephants.", "A small boy is feeding the elephants through a fence.", "There is a woman and a boy feeding an elephant.", "An adult and child feeding an elephant in a contained area.  ", "a woman and two children are feeding some elephants"]
["A woman standing in front of a bench covered in luggage.", "A picture of a woman standing in a airport with lots of luggage.", "A young women stands by a long bench loaded with luggage.", "Woman standing beside a bench with a lot of suitcases on it. ", "a woman standing next to bench filled with luggage. "]
["A man sitting on a bench next to a star wars storm trooper.", "A person in costume and a man wait in a bus stop.", "Man and a storm trooper waiting at a bus stop.", "A man sits on the bench at the bus station while a person in costume stands nearby.", "An elderly man sitting at bus stop beside \"storm trooper\" with suitcase and wearing a fedora. "]
["Two elephants are walking through some green bushes.", "Two elephants are in the wilderness together. ", "Two elephants roaming on a field during the day.", "Two elephants walking in the sand, surrounded by vegetation.", "there are two adult elephants walking behind each other"]
["Two young elephants are playing with each other.", "Two elephants holding each others trunks in a field.", "Two elephants are hitting each other with their tusks\n", "A couple of small elephants standing next to each other.", "a couple of elephants that are looking at each other"]
["An adult and baby elephant standing in a grassy field.", "The older elephant is standing next to the younger elephant. ", "A elephant and a baby elephant under a leafless tree.", "two elephants standing in front of a tall tree ", "An adult and baby elephant in front of a dried up tree."]
["a young woman packing luggage backs with clothing", "A young person in their messy living room with dolls, pillows, and chips.", "A woman packing a piece of luggage with clothing.", "the woman is packing her clothes in her luggage", "A woman next to a couch with clothes and a suit case."]
["An umbrella on a cement wall that says \"San Miguel\".", "An umbrella is seen with the ocean in the background", "A large umbrella rests on a ledge outside a restaurant.", "A yellow umbrella in a concrete base on the sidewalk next to the water.", "A yellow umbrella sticking out of a vase near a brick wall."]
["a few suitcases for sale in a second hand shop", "Several suitcases and other Items for sale in a store.", "There are several suitcases stacked up in a pile.", "An antique shop with luggage stacked up ", "Stack of hard sided luggage in a retail store."]
["People walking next to a cafe in the rain", "A bike parked on the side of a city street.", "Some people that are walking on a sidewalk while it is raining.", "Bicycle parked in front of a restaurant with outdoor tables and a wide sidewalk.", "A bicycle is parked on a sidewalk as people walk by."]
["Two dogs sitting at a dinner table enjoy food in bowls.", "Two dogs with handkerchiefs eat food on a plate", "Two dogs wearing bibs eating off plates on a table.", "Two dogs eat off of plates at a table.", "Two dogs eating food off plates at a table."]
["A dog lies in front of a horse stable door.", "A brown and white dog laying below a horse in stable.", "A dog laying in front of a horses stall with the horse peeking over the half door.", "a dog sitting in front of a door with a horse behind it", "A white horse peers out of a stall where a white dog relaxes below"]
["A dog touches noses with a horse through a fence.", "A dog standing close to a metal fence.", "A dog and a horse are getting to know each other.", "A dog and a horse touching noses through a wire fence ", "A horse and a dog are touches noses between a barbed wire fence."]
["A person walking across a street in the rain.", "a man carrying an umbrella and walking across the street with traffic going bye", "People are walking across the street during a storm.", "a person holding an umbrella crossing an almost empty city street", "Pedestrians are crossing the street in a city."]
["People board a plane in the middle of the rain.", "Several passengers are holding umbrellas as they board a plane", "A line of people carrying red umbrellas as they board", "A group of people standing on a runway holding umbrellas.", "A group waiting to get on an airplane in the rain."]
["A child standing up holding a piece of luggage", "A little girl standing with a rolling piece of luggage.", "a little red headed girl standing by the stairs holding onto a suitcase", "A young girl poses with her suitcase by some stairs.", "A young girl smiles as she holds a piece of luggage."]
["A dog wrapping its leg around a stuffed bear.", "A dog laying with a teddy bear on carpet.", "A person holding a Chocolate Lab dog while the dog holds an old teddy bear.", "The dog is laying on the ground with his owner rubbing him.", "A big and very cute dog laying with a stuffed animal."]
["A dog wearing a yellow bandanna sitting on a log during a hike", "A black and white dog wearing a yellow bandanna is sitting on fell tree.", "A dog wearing a yellow bandana while sitting on a tree. ", "A dog sitting on top of a downed tree.", "A dog wearing a yellow bandanna sitting on a tree log."]
["A man with his children pushes his luggage on a cart.", "A man that is standing with a baby and a stroller.", "A man walking with a luggage cart and two kids.", "a man is pushing a bunch of luggage in front of him", "A man and two small children with a luggage cart filled with luggage."]
["A dog walking in the snow with booties on.", "A dog with shoes on is walking in the snow by benches.", "A dog wearing booties is walking past a bench.", "A dog in the snow wearing shoes walking by a bench.", "A dog with shoes on walking down a path in the winter."]
["People walking down the street together and sharing a stars and stripes umbrella.", "Ladies walking on a side walk in the rain carrying umbrellas.", "People walk down the sidewalk with umbrellas. ", "A group of people walking down a sidewalk holding umbrellas.", "A group of people holding two umbrellas walking on the sidewalk."]
["Two people walk on a path carrying umbrellas.", "ladies on the path in the forest with umbrellas", "Two people are walking down a walk path with umbrellas over their heads.", "A path that cuts through an area of lush vegetation has two walkers on it carrying large umbrellas. ", "two people with umbrellas walking down a path surrounded by trees"]
["A dog laying on the grass with a frisbee.", "A black and white dog with a frisbee lying on the grass.", "A dog is laying in the grass with a red frisbee", "A dog sitting in the grass next to a red frisbee.", "A dog laying on green grass next to a frisbee."]
["These suitcases are sitting next to a chair.", "An assortment of luggage bags stacked by a kitchen chair.", "A stack of luggage by a chair and table.", "a table and chair with several pieces of luggage nearby", "A pile of luggage sitting on the floor."]
["A pile of black luggage sitting inside of a room.", "A large array of luggage sitting on the ground with several people standing around.", "A variety of luggage waiting to be picked up.", "An airport has a variety of luggage of all shapes and sizes.", "Several pieces of luggage that is sitting on the ground."]
["A man with a large stack of suitcases in a room.", "A bell hop brings a large load of luggage through a hallway.", "a bellhop moving a full luggage cart in a hotel", "A man that is pulling a cart with luggage.", "A man standing next to a pile of luggage."]
["A black bear walking across a lush green field.", "A black bear walking down the side of a dirt road.", "A bear that is standing in the grass.", "a bear prowling in the grass next to a dirt road", "A black bear walking through a field by a road."]
["A dog holding a skateboard trotting down a street.", "A dog is gripping the skateboard on the ground. ", "A dog is walking with a skateboard in his mouth.", "A dog carrying a skateboard in its mouth ", "a dog with a skate board in its mouth"]
["A pretty young girl sitting in a luggage cart next to a bag of luggage.", "A little girl sitting in a cart wearing sunglasses.", "An infant girl sitting in a shopping cart.", "A small girl sitting in a cart at the airport.", "A little girl rides backwards in a shopping cart wearing sunglasses."]
["A large dog sitting on top of a roof.", "A dog is on the roof of a building. ", "a brown and black dog is laying on a roof", "A dog is laying on the eaves of a house with clay pot roofing.", "A dog sitting on the roof of a building next to a satellite dish and a surfboard."]
["A young boy sitting on the back of a cart filled with luggage.", "A small boy sitting on a luggage cart", "A little boy riding on a pile of luggage on wheels.", "A young, small child sits on a luggage carrier.", "A boy sitting on top of a luggage cart with a smile on his face."]
["A birthday cake with a topper that reads \"Happy Birthday Forresto.\"", "birthday cake with fruit and teddy bears on it", "A Happy Birthday cake with strawberries, a teddy bear, and two candles.", "A cake with some fruits around and some candles lit. ", "A beautiful birthday cake with a teddy bear and two candles on it for Forresco."]
["A couple of giant umbrellas suspended from a ceiling.", "a large group of people in a giant room with giant umbrellas", "A pair of women walking through a lobby with several large umbrella's in the ceiling.", "A modern shopping mall with colorful umbrellas on the ceiling.", "A group of people walking through building with large umbrellas."]
["A large brown teddy bear sitting in a wooden chair.", "A person pats the head of a teddy bear sitting in a chair.", "A person touching a stuffed bear in a wooden chair.", "Someone patting the head of a large stuffed teddy bear", "A man pets a stuffed teddy bear sitting in a chair."]
["A snowboard sitting on a hard wood floor.", "A SKATE BOARD WITH PANANADS ON IT ", "A skateboard with pandas on blue boards with shoes.", "some red yellow and blue pandas on a white skateboard", "a picture of the bottom graphics of a skateboard deck"]
["A brown bear standing on a rock in forest area.", "an image of a bear that is in the woods", "Grizzly bear walking through wooded area in spring.", "A bear standing on top of a large rock.", "A brown bear walking through a lush green forest."]
["Shoes on a skateboard flipped upside down. ", "Two feet on top of an upside down skateboard.", "A pair of orange and white Vans steps upon the underside of a skateboard.", "Person in orange tennis shoes standing on an overturned skateboard.", "A skateboarder with orange shoes standing on his skateboard."]
["A long haired dog walking through the grass in the back yard.", "A dog is sitting in a field of grass waiting for someone to occupy an empty chair.", "A large dog sitting on top of a grass covered field.", "A dog standing in the grass in front of a chair.", "A beautiful white dog standing in a grassy yard by a chair."]
["An old man scratching his head at a baseball game", "An older man with a baseball cap on is sitting in the stands at a baseball stadium.", "An elderly man wearing overalls sitting in a baseball or football stadium.", "man in denim jacket holding a coiled hose", "A person sits in a stadium holding a wound up hose."]
["Five kids playing with frisbees on a sunny day.", "Children are playing with a flying disc outside.", "A group of small children playing with each other on a pebble covered ground.", "A group of children playing with a ball.", "Five kids playing outside with several frisbees on asphalt."]
["Two dogs play in a dammed up river.", "The two large dogs are playing in the river.", "A dog is standing in the water with a purple Frisbee while another dog takes a drink. ", "Two dogs in the shallow water together and one dog holding a purple Frisbee in it's mouth.", "Two dogs walking on a rocky beach while one carries a frisbee."]
["A dog in the water has a purple Frisbee in his mouth.", "a dog with a frisbe in its mouth walking through the water ", "A dog that is in the water with a frisbee.", "A dog is holding a frisbee in the river.", "A dog carrying a frisbee in its mouth in the water."]
["Small brown bears by a large log in their zoo enclosure", "THERE ARE ANIMALS THAT AREW IN THE DEN", "a couple of bear cubs sit under a log ", "Four bears walk around in the sun in a field.", "Some baby bears are having fun on a sunny day. "]
["A woman standing on top of  a lush green field.", "A woman playing with a yellow frisbee in the park.", "A woman in the park looking at a frisbee being thrown to her. ", "A woman that is playing frisbee in the grass.", "Girl wearing sunglasses, dark, shirt and demin capri's playing Frisbee on a beautiful sunny day."]
["A woman rolling down a sand dune with a red frisbee.", "A woman on her back on a sand dune.", "A woman playing Frisbee rolls down a sand dune.", "A person is on their back on a sand hill with a frisbee.", "A young woman tumbles down the side of a sand dune."]
["A dog with a longing look as it sits by a window.", "A dog sitting near a window looking out of it.", "A dog sits and looks out a window. ", "A white dog is looking out of an open window.", "dog sitting next to a window sill looking out an open window"]
["A time lapse photo of a man throwing a frisbee.", "a montage of a man throwing a frisbe ", "The man is demonstrating his exciting. frisbee technique.", "A bunch of frames of a man with a frisbee.", "A sequence of photos showing a boy throwing a Frisbee."]
["A dog that is laying next to a book.", "The black dog is asleep next to a person reading a book. ", "a dog lays down next to a person reading a book", "A day lays its head near a person's hand, which is holding a book.", "a dog snuggled up to his master who is reading a book"]
["Tall man jumping into the air to catch a frisbee over another person. ", "The teens are playing frisbee on the field with an older teen.", "A man and boy reaching to catch the same frisbee", "Young people standing in a field playing a game of frisbee", "A group of people that are playing a game."]
["Dog standing on an empty beach in front of some birds.", "A person stands on a beach in low tide.", "A dog walking on a water covered ocean next to a houses.", "Something wading in the water by the shore", "An animal is standing on a watery beach."]
["A person walking into a store with four dogs close behind.", "A individual entering a Cat & Dog shop with four dogs. ", "an image of a man taking dogs in a pet shop", "A man is walking four dogs and is walking into a Cat and Dog Shop.", "Four dogs are following a man into a store."]
["A German shepherd resting its head on the floor. ", "A tired dog is resting its head on a rug.", "A tired, brown dog resting on the floor.", "The dog is laying its head on the floor.", "A large brown dog laying on top of a floor."]
["Three zebras stand side-by-side, drinking water from a river", "Three zebras drinking from a shallow pool of water", "Three zebras standing in water next to dirt area.", "three black and white zebras drinking water from the ground", "Three zebras standing together as they drink water"]
["One zebra is lying down and another is standing near it.", "A couple of zebra standing next to each other.", "Two zebras in zoo habitat, one standing the other lying down. ", "Pair of zebras in open space in enclosed outdoor area.", "A close up of some very pretty zebras close together."]
["Some sort of figure in fur walking upright on two feet.", "A dog walking past a large chunk of stone.", "a dog walking by a piece of wood ", "A parking bay with barriers and with dust", "An unknown animal is walking near a wood log."]
["Two zebras grazing in a grassy field with a forest behind them.", "Two Zebras are standing in a field eating grass.", "The two zebras are eating the grass in the field.", "Two zebra grazing on grass in a fenced field", "Two zebras graze quietly next to each other in grass."]
["There is a man holding a frisbee indoors.", "A guy in a brown sweater holds a white frisbee. ", "A man stands in a room near a dresser holding a Frisbee.", "Person standing holding a disc in a room.", "a person in glasses is holding a white plate"]
["A woman sitting in a stream using a frisbee to sift sand", "A woman sitting at a lake panning for gold. ", "A person sitting on a river rock while holding a blue frisbee.", "A very cute girl sitting by a stream holding a disc.", "Woman sitting on a rock by a stream, panning for gold."]
["Three zebras eating hay at a wildlife habitat.", "Three zebras standing in the dirt at a zoo.", "Zebras in open area with hay available for feed.", "Zebras standing in the dirt with a pond of water behind them.", "A bunch of zebras that are standing in the dirt."]
["A young zebra is sniffing the ground in a dusty area.", "A zebra grazing in a field next to a pile of rocks.", "a zebra on a dirt ground with rocks in the background", "A zebra has it's nose down to the gravel.", "A zebra grazes in the empty field by himself."]
["two zebras on some dirt and one is eating", "A couple of zebra standing on top of a dry grass field.", "Two zebras walking around and feeding on the grass.", "Two zebras on grassy area next to small pond of water.", "pair of zebras grazing in a desert setting."]
["A man playing Frisbee near a walking trail.", "a young man is throwing a red frisbee to a friend", "The man is having fun with the frisbee in the park.", "A couple guys on a road and a man with a Frisbee.", "A man prepares to throw a frisbee over a hill."]
["A man standing over a green frisbee on a lush green field.", "A young boy is holding a putter golf club and is practicing his swing.", "A young person holding a golf club and looking at a frisbee on the ground. ", "a boy attempting to hit a frisbee witha golf club", "A guy in the grass wit a disc and a club."]
["Some animals run together in the tall grass. ", "A herd of zebra walking along a dry grass patch.", "a zebra walks along a buffalo through dry terrain ", "Some zebra and cows in a open grass plain.", "The zebras are walking with different animals in the desert. "]
["A zebra is standing away from two adult giraffe.", "Zebra standing on straw at a zoo with giraffes in background.", "A zebra is in an enclosure with two giraffes.", "A zebra stands in front of two zebras in a zoo.", "There is a zebra in the foreground and two giraffes in the background."]
["THERE ARE TWO ZEBRAS THAT ARE WALKING TOGETHER ", "two zebras walking  next to each other across a field ", "Two zebras walking together across a barren savanah", "Two zebras that are standing in the grass.", "two zebras walking one in front of the other"]
["A deer standing next to a zebra on a field.", "there is a zebra and a small deer in there grass together", "A zebra and a fawn graze in a small patch of grass. ", "A zebra and a small antelope graze near trees.", "A zebra and a young deer grazing in the grass together"]
["three zebras mill about in the grass of a wide open plain. ", "The tree zebras stand next to each other in the green field.", "The zebras grass on the green grassy plain ", "Three zebra standing on a lush green field.", "Three zebras walking through an empty field together. "]
["A woman in jeans and a jacket on a horse riding through a large green field.", "A woman riding a horse on an open field.", "woman rides horse through the dry desert environment", "a lady is riding her horse through the brush", "a woman on a horse riding through a field"]
["An older person standing next to a brown horse in a dirt field.", "A woman standing next to  a horse by a fence", "A woman stands next to a fenced in horse.", "A woman standing next to a horse outside.", "A woman standing next to a horse in a field."]
["Horse carriage being led by man in busy city.", "A horse and carriage waits on a brick street next to buildings.", "a man standing by a horse attached to a carriage ", "A horse that is standing in front of a carriage.", "A horse drawn carriage sits in an old street."]
["A pack of horses stand in a field", "A herd of sheep standing on top of a green grass covered hill.", "A group of horses in the background in a green field. ", "A group if horses eating grass in the field", "Five wild horse grazing in an open field "]
["A group of zebras that are standing in the dirt.", "A herd of zebra standing on top of a dirt field.", "A family of zebra standing around at the zoo.", "Several zebras standing on the dirt near a tree.", "a couple of zebras are standing by a tree"]
["A horse is on a deserted sandy beach with umbrellas.", "An animal that is by a lot of sand.", "A horses grazes on an empty beach lined with umbrellas. ", "A skinny horse eats something off of the beach.", "A horse is tethered to a post near the sea."]
["a couple of zebras stand next to some horses ", "A group of zebra standing next to cows on a field.", "Two zebras side by side, one sniffing near a cow in outdoor setting with hay and trees.", "a couple of zebras are eating hay together", "a couple of zebras that are standing behind some cows"]
["A group of zebras drinking water from a pond next to trees.", "A group of zebra standing together drinking water", "Four zebras are gathered at a stream of water, drinking.", "Four zebras have their noses to a brook as they stand on the shore.", "three zebras standing in line by the water so they can drink together "]
["Zebras standing on a grass plain, with other animals in the background.", "Several zebras in a huge grassy field with a mountain behind them.", "Several black and white zebras stand on a grassy plain.", "The zebras are grazing on the grass in the field. ", "A group of zebras grazing in a grassy field."]
["A zebra looks after one of its injured brethren.", "A zebra looking at another zebra laying on the ground.", "Two zebras one laying down the other standing up.", "A zebra looks at another zebra lying down.", "a zebra standing over another zebra laying down"]
["Two men riding brown horses down a small road.", "The two men are riding their horses on the road.", "Two police officers ride on horseback on the dusty road.", "Policemen on horse back patrolling a city park", "Two men in uniform are riding horses on a street. "]
["A pony with  blonde hair is in a mountain top.", "A brown and blond horse standing on top of a field.", "A wild horse is pictured in profile in a mountainous setting.", "Group of horses standing around a gravel road.", "a couple of horses on a grass field by the mountains"]
["A brown horse standing on top of a lush green hillside.", "A horse out in an open space with mountains in the background ", "A horse that is grazing on some grass.", "A horse that is standing in the grass.", "A horse stands in a grassy area in front of a group of mountains."]
["A man riding on the back of a brown horse.", "a man riding on the back of a horse holding a stick", "A bearded cowboy riding a horse in a dusty outdoor arena", "A man wearing a cowboy hat riding a brown and white horse.", "a cowboy with his hat in the saddle of a horse "]
["Three horses eat grass on a pasture and drink from a water trough.", "Group of three horses sitting in the middle of the grass.", "Three brown horses in a field eating hay.", "Three horses grazing and drinking in a farm enclosure ", "Horses grazing on a green grass covered field."]
["A brown horse sticking its head out of a red and white barn door.", "A horse sticking its head out of a pen.", "A horse poking his head out of his stall.", "A horse with spots on it looking out of a stable.", "A horse in stable number 14 looks out to see what is going on. "]
["A man wearing a hat while riding a horse. ", "A man is smiling and sitting on top of his horse. ", "A man with a hat on while on a horse.", "A man wearing a cowboy hat is sitting on a horse. ", "A man wearing a cowboy hat rides a horse on a path."]
["Mounted police officer standing in the shade watching a developing situation.", "A cop riding on the back of a brown horse.", "An officer is sitting still on a horse.", "A mounted police officer is riding a horse", "A police officer sitting on top of a horse. "]
["A brown horse standing behind a chain link fence on green grass.", "A brown horse is grazing behind a fence.", "A horse alks along a chain linked fence in the grass.", "A brown and black horse stands in a grassy area behind a fence.", "A horse behind a fence eating some grass. "]
["Banana trees and other tropical plants around a small building behind a wire fence.", "Colorful banana plants in cultivation and bearing fruit.", "Several bunches of unripened bananas growing from trees.", "A large bunch of green bananas growing on a tropical tree", "Large trees that have bananas growing from them."]
["two children sitting at a table with bananas ", "Two children peel bananas at a picnic table.", "Two young children slicing bananas open to make some fun recipe", "a couple of people  that have bananas in hand", "Two children at a table peeling ripe bananas."]
["A banana hanging that has gone bad and something else I can't make out.", "Squirrels in a tree hanging from the branches.", "Brown and white monkeys in a tree eat some bananas.", "Monkeys eating through the peels of bananas. ", "Small animals eating an open banana in a tree."]
["A yellow banana sitting on top of a cutting board.", "A banana is peeled and some slices are cut.", "A banana on a cutting board partially sliced.", "There is a banana that has been partially peeled on a wood surface.", "A wooden table with a ripe yellow banana cut up."]
["A little girl drinking from her cup with orange slices in front of her.", "A little girl is drinking milk from a cup.", "A child drinks from a glass while sitting at a table with oranges on it.", "a girl in green shirt drinking from cup next to table of orange slices.", "A young child drinking from a cup with oranges to eat."]
["There is a orange on the table next to a small pocket knife", "A orange is sitting on a desk with a pocketknife.  ", "A close up of a pocket knife next to an orange.", "An orange sitting on a table next to a knife.", "a close up of a knife and an orange on a desk"]
["many skis and snow boards on a snowy surface", "It is dusk, and the skiers have abandoned their skis and snow boards for social interaction.", "Several snow boards and skis waiting for skiers.", "Unused skis and snowboards are littered on the ground.", "A snowy slope with various unoccupied skis and snowboards."]
["Some people that are hanging out in the snow.", "An assortment of skis and snowboards resting on a ski slope.", "Several skis and snowboards laying around in the snow.", "Snowboards and skis in the snow with two people in the background.", "Two men standing at the base of a mountain next to skis and a snowboard."]
["A kid standing with a glove by a fence.", "a young boy stand in front of a fence with a baseball glove", "a boy making a funny face with a baseball mitt", "A happy little boy wearing a baseball glove and a blue \"Junior Giants\" t-shirt. ", "A young boy smiling while wearing a catchers mitt."]
["A man carrying a small child above flooding waters.", "A man with a brown jacket and cowboy hat carries a youngster through muddy water.", "A man holding a child in high water.", "A man holding a child wading through muddy flood water.", "A man walking through a muddy river holding a child."]
["A counter top with a bowl of oranges next to a bowl of apples and a lamp.", "a bowl of apples and a bowl of oranges", "A bowl has apples and another has oranges in it.", "A decorative dish shaped like an apple with apples on it and a bowl of oranges.", "Four apples sitting in an apple shaped bowl."]
["a man is skiing in a snowy hill ", "a person snowboarding down a slightly steep hill", "A snowboarder snowboarding down snow on a slope.", "A man snowboarding down a snowy ski slope.", "An expert snowboarder navigates his way down a steep run."]
["An orange vase filled with flowers on a floor.", "An orange glass vase with blue flowers on a table.", "Delicate blue flowers sit in an orange vase.", "A group of small white flowers in an orange glass vase.", "Purple flowers are in an orange vase receiving sunlight. "]
["A man drags a tree behind him through the snow", "The man is pulling a tree in the snow.", "A man on snowshoes pulling an evergreen tree over the snow near large trees.", "A man carrying a tree on ski in the middle of the woods", "a person wearing snow shoes pulling a chopped down tree"]
["A cart full of bananas next to boy in red hat.", "A large harvest of fresh bananas on a cart.", "a bunch of bananas on a cart with wheels", "A person standing in front of a store pulling a cart full of bananas.", "A man with a trailer full of green bananas"]
["A person is skiing with ropes tied to a broken tree.", "A cross country skier pulling a pine tree with a rope that is tied to their waste.", "Lady cross country ski's with a cut down tree.", "The skier is pulling a tree up the hill.", "A skier is towing an evergreen behind while trodding a path."]
["A line of wagons with vendors selling fruit.", "The outdoor market does not have a large variety of fruit to sale.", "a market outside for selling vegetable and fruits", "A long line of food carts with fruit.", "A man stands next to a cart fulled with assorted fresh fruit and veggies"]
["A man stacks oranges on a cart i an open air market.", "A man sells oranges in a roadside produce market", "A man looks at the fruit for sale on a card.", "A man sorts through oranges on a cart", "A person looking at oranges at an open air market."]
["A group of baseball players are giving high fives.", "a number of baseball players high fiving at home plate", "Two baseball players arguing during a baseball game", "Baseball players are observing two others engaging. ", "A group of baseball players salutes each other"]
["A man is loading oranges onto the bed of a truck.", "A man emptying a box of oranges onto the bed of a truck.", "A man is dumping oranges onto the bed of a trailer.", "man in front of orange cart loaded with lots of oranges ", "A merchant selling oranges off of his truck."]
["A pitcher getting ready to throw pitch at a game.", "a pitcher getting ready for a baseball game ", "A man holding a baseball wearing a catchers mitt.", "A baseball player is posed for throwing a ball during a game.", "a man throwing a tennis ball and others watching the game"]
["A pitcher throwing a baseball on the baseball field. ", "A baseball player pitches the ball from the pitcher's mound.", "Number eighteen is pitching the baseball on the mound.", "A player in the process of throwing a ball in a baseball game.", "A man in a baseball uniform winding up to throw the ball."]
["A kneeling down on a baseball field next to grass.", "A baseball player ready in position to catch a ball.", "A ball player crouches with his glove close to the ground.", "a close up of a baseball player bending down with a glove", "A baseball player squatting and holding his glove towards the ground"]
["A man swinging a baseball bat during a baseball game.", "A baseball player taking a swing at a ball", "A baseball game showing the batter swinging at a pitch.", "Baseball player hitting the ball with the catcher behind him", "A baseball batter about to hit a ball, with the catcher behind him."]
["A man on a motorbike carrying a large stalk of bananas off a tree.", "A man riding a motorcycle carrying a large bunch of bananas.", "a bunch of bananas on the back of a motorcycle", "A man is riding a motor bike down a road.", "A man carries a load of green bananas on the back of a motorcycle."]
["A bunch of people in a big field filled with bananas.", "A crowd of people standing around a bunch of unripe bananas.", "The people are harvesting lots of bananas. ", "A group of people picking what appear to be none ripe bananas. ", "A field filled with people selling green fruit."]
["A baseball player is running to base while another player is running behind him.", "A baseball player heading towards the base as the fielder moves to cover.", "A baseball batter running with the umpire and catcher behind him.", "A group of men standing around each other playing a game of baseball.", "a ball player running to reach the goal"]
["A picture of a man in a blue baseball uniform pitching for his team.", "A baseball player holding a glove in one hand and ball in the other.", "A pitcher winds up to throw his pitch.", "A baseball pitcher readies himself to throw a ball.", "A man holds a baseball and winds up to throw it."]
["A baseball player captured while throwing a ball.", "A man pitching a ball on a baseball mound.", "A man on a field wearing a baseball glove.", "A baseball player throwing a baseball and wearing a baseball glove.", " a pitcher on the mound throwing the ball"]
["a baseball player is throwing a ball ", "Baseball player pitching the ball from the mound", "A smiling baseball pitcher sending us a ball.", "A man playing baseball has his arm extended", "A young man in blue jersey throwing a baseball on mound."]
["A flower hanging from the side of a banana plant.", "A flower blossom by green bananas on a tree.", "A BANANA TREE WITH GREEN UNRIPE BANANAS ", "a large group of bananas that are on a tree", "A leafy plant with a single blooming flower."]
["A bunch of bananas sit next to a cup of coffee.", "Some bananas that are next to a cup of coffee.", "A cup of coffee and a bunch of bananas.", "A cup of coffee sitting next to a bunch of ripe bananas.", "A cup of coffee sits next to a bunch of bananas."]
["Two skiers are traveling down a snowy mountain.", "Two children that are skiing down a hill in the snow.", "A couple of kids riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A couple of kids riding skis down a snowy slope.", "two kids skiing on a slope of snow near a tree"]
["A person skiing down a snowy mountain side. ", "A skier is traveling down the snow covered slope.", "A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A person on skis snow plowing down a hill.", "A skier in a white jacket turns her feet toward each other to slow down on the slope."]
["Many yellow and green lemons are stacked in baskets. ", "a bin full of big yellow lemons and limes.", "Crates are together that are filled with lemons and limes.", "A bunch of yellow and green fruit sitting in baskets", "Multiple baskets of recently picked grapefruits on display."]
["A man in a market surrounded by goods for sale", "a man sitting behind a counter with food all around him", "The man stands amongst a huge amount of packaged foods.", "A man sitting behind a counter selling food", "A man working in a market surrounded by produce and meats."]
["Broccoli, yellow bell pepper, and a strawberry on a plate. ", "There is a plate with fruits and veggies on it", "A plate topped with a mix of vegetables and fruit.", "A pepper, broccoli and a half eaten strawberry on a plate. ", "A plate with broccoli, a yellow pepper and a strawberry bitten on it. "]
["Ripe bananas sitting next to a laptop computer and plastic wrap.", "a table covered with supplies to make banana bread with", "A laptop is surrounded by items in a Chinese cooking adventure.", "A variety of Asian foods sit on a table.", "Numerous grocery items on the counter including some very over ripe bananas"]
["Baseball players in striped pants huddle together to talk.", "A baseball pitcher and catcher talk to the coach.", "The manager is having a conference with his pitcher and his catcher.", "A coach and a catcher having a conference with pitcher on the mound.", "A coach speaks to a pitcher and catcher."]
["Vegetables like lettuce, turnips, carrots, etc. all on top of a kitchen island.", "A kitchen island that has different types of food.", "vegetables, fruit, and eggs on a counter in a kitchen", "A group of fruit, vegetables and eggs on a kitchen counter. ", "A kitchen counter filled with various types of fruits and vegetables."]
["A woman posing behind several bunches of bananas", "A woman standing in front of a table with bushels of bananas. ", "there is a woman smiling and holding bananas", "A woman standing in front of a banana stand.", "A woman is holding a bunch of bananas on a street side market. "]
["A group of people standing around a table with ripe bananas.", "A group of people laughing over bunches of bananas.", "a couple of people smile in front of some fruit ", "A group of people standing near some bananas.", "Group of men at a market filled with fruit. "]
["A pile of stuffed animals hanging from the ceiling of a store.", "stuffed animals hanging for the ceiling of something", "An assortment of stuffed toys at a carnival. ", "A carnival atmosphere is effected by these colorful stuffed creatures.", "Stuffed bananas with faces are among the stuffed toys hanging in this outdoor market. "]
["A skier jumps while going down a snow slope. ", "man crosses skis while jumping in the air", "THERE IS A MAN THAT IS JUMPING HIGH ON HIS SKIIES ", "Skier in mid flight, with crossed skiis, above a ski jump.", "A downhill flying through the air on a jump."]
["Two white plates topped with food on a wooden table.", "Lunch consists of bright green and yellow vegetables.", "Prepared salads and bread sit on a table.", "Plates of food with vegetables sitting on a wooden counter.", "Two Two white plates of food with mixed vegetables and meat. "]
["There is a plate of food that is packed with different foods", "Dish of meat and vegetables in a brown gravy.", "Two plates full of food covered with gravy, on a table.", "A white plate of food on a table.", "A plate has meat, broccoli, and carrots on it."]
["some people waiting in line to para-sail one guy has taken off", "A fat guy wearing a life jacket and short shorts.", "An group of young people on a boat prepare to parasail on surfboards.", "A family prepares to water ski as one man takes off across the water.", "Many people are out there and having some fun.\n"]
["A person on a surfboard in the water.", "Someone is hand gliding through a body of water.", "A man kiteboarding on the ocean on top of a wave.", "A man that is on a wake board in the water.", "The kitesurfer leans far backwards in the ocean."]
["A delicious looking brownie sitting on a white plate.", "A homemade chocolate brownie on a white plate.", "a close up of a brownie on a plate ", "A piece of chocolate cake on a plate.", "A piece of chocolate brownie on a plate."]
["Some bananas are hanging from a banana tree.", "some yellow bananas hanging on a holder and some cabinets", "Bananas hanging on a stand on a kitchen counter", "A couple of bananas hanging from a metal hook.", "Two bananas hang from a banana holder on a counter top. "]
["A man holding two ski poles while standing in the snow.", "A person with ski poles and a black and white outfit.", "A man is snow skiing on a track. ", "A man skiing in the snow at a resort.", "A skier stands ready with knees slightly bent and arms poised."]
["A group of people racing down a snow covered slope.", "Several people get ready to start skiing in the snow.", "a group of skiers in line head down a mountain", "Crowd of skiers going down a ski slope together.", "a group of people on skis skiing down a mountain"]
["Bananas are on sale for 47 cents per pound in the produce section.", "Many bunches of fresh locally grown ripe bananas.", "Bunches of bananas sitting on display near a price sign.", "A wooden table topped with bunches of ripe bananas.", "Some bananas are for sale at a store."]
["A basket full of broccoli sitting next to other fruits and vegetables.", "A basket containing stems of broccoli next to other vegetables.", "a full basket of broccoli sits next to other fruits and vegetables", "A woven basket filled with broccoli florets ", "Large basket of green broccoli on a table. "]
["A couple of people riding skateboards on a sidewalk.", "a couple of people that are on a skateboard", "People are riding their skateboards outside on concrete.", "Two picture of skateboarders pushing the wood around", "An artistic shot of people's feet and legs on skateboards."]
["A man holding a banana in his hand.", "A man holding up a banana in front of him.", "A man uses an object to remove something from a banana", "A man holding a banana and poking it", "A  man cutting a banana peel in his hand."]
["a drawer full of apples and pears and other foods", "A drawer filled with fruit and dishes in a kitchen.", "Apples and pears are in a box with grains and a bowl.", "Several apples and pears sit on a surface.", "A drawer contains apples, pears, seeds, a bowl, utensils and other pouches of material."]
["a group of teens standing around holding onto skateboards", "Several children with skateboards at a skateboard park.", "A group of young children with skateboards on a sidewalk", "There are a bunch of skateboarders greeting each other.", "A group of boys with skateboards in their hands are on the sidewalk of a street in town."]
["A person doing a snow boarding stunt on a rail.", "A young man on a snow board performing a trick on a railing.", "A man riding a snowboard down the side of a rail.", "A man in white jacket grinding rail on a snowboard.", "A person on a snow board performing a trick on a ledge."]
["Hot cereal and fruit are on the table.\n", "An apple next to a sandwich bag filled with strawberries", "A carton of yogurt sits beside an apple and a bag of strawberries. ", "an image on the table with apples and oatmeal", "a close up of a bowl of food next to an apple "]
["A wooden table with many types of animals.", "there are many vegetables sitting on top of a counter", "Many different vegetables are stacked in piles on the kitchen counter.", "Various fresh vegetables on top of a kitchen counter.", "An assortment of vegetables are on a table."]
["A counter topped with lots of fresh vegetables.", "A pile of green, orange, red and yellow veggies", "Several different types of vegetables grouped together on a table.", "A pile of vegetables consisting of beans, tomatoes, potatoes and cucumbers", "A mixture of vegetables including green beans, tomatoes, onions and more."]
["a close up of many different vegetables on a table", "Multiple vegetables all grouped together on a table.", "A small pile of vegetables sitting on a big table.", "There are many different vegetables grouped together here.", "a mixture of vegetables including broccoli and squash "]
["A man flying though the air while riding a skateboard.", "A young male is using a skateboard to perform tricks.", "A young man soars through the air on his skateboard.", "a man is in the air on a skateboard outside", "A skateboarder jumps off a bowl while doing a trick."]
["A plate of food looks delicious with broccoli, onions, and potatoes.", "There is a dish of potatoes, steak, and broccoli.", "Close up view of a plate of food that contains both a selection of various vegetables and a type of meat.", "A plate with vegetables and meat covered in a sauce.", "A bowl filled with potatoes, beef and broccoli."]
["Apple in and over-flowing a bowl on a windowsill with a rose in a vase.", "A white vase with a fully opened red rose stands next to an overflowing bowl of apples next to a mirror on a window ledge. ", "A bowl full of apples sitting next to a vase and a mirror.", "A still-life with a bowl of apples, a mirror, and a red rose in a vase.", "A vase with flower and apples on the table"]
["A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden table.", "A laptop that is covered with many assorted stickers.", "A laptop covered in a bunch of stickers", "A laptop that has several stickers on it.", "a laptop sits on a table top with stickers on it "]
["a man in red is skiing in the snow", "A man in a red ski suit is on skis.", "A woman in a red ski suit on skis.", "a man that is jumping his skiies on some snow", "A man wearing red skinning in the snow."]
["A plate topped with meat, potatoes and broccoli.", "a plate with a few different items of food on it.", "A nicely presented dish of food containing meat and broccoli.", "A piece of steak is topped on potatoes and sided with broccoli.", "A piece of meat surrounded by broccoli and other food."]
["this is two people skiing down a hill", "A woman and another girl sled down the snow.", "two women riding down the snowy hills on sleds ", "Happy people sledding down a snowy slope together", "The two skiers are enjoying sledding in the snow."]
["A group of people walking on skis in the snow.", "a small group of people standing in the snow while wearing skiis", "A man riding skis next to a small girl.", "Several people ski down a snow covered slope.", "Several cross country skiers lined up on a trail."]
["Two white plates topped with meat and veggies next to bottles.", "Two white plates are full of meat and vegetables.", "A plate of food with meat, vegetables and potatoes.", "Two plates of food with broccoli, meat and potatoes.", "A couple of plates of food on a table."]
["A man riding a skateboard through the air at a skate park.", "Skateboarders love to practice in this well-designed park.", "A skateboarding male performing a trick at a skatepark. ", "A skateboarder up in the air on a skateboard ramp.  ", "A man up in the air on a skateboard."]
["Skiers perform on a lighted half-pipe beside a mountain.", "A couple of people riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A person is skiing in a slope course. ", "A view of a person traveling down a half pipe in the snow.", "A person on skis being watched by a crowd of people. "]
["A bowl of stir fry with broccoli and tofu with chop sticks. ", "A blue bowl with food and chopsticks in it", "The bowl is full of noodles and various vegetables.", "a close up of a bowl of food with broccoli", "A BOWL OF CHINESE FOOD NOODLES AND VEGGIES"]
["A FULL PLATE OF FOOD SITTING ON A TABLE", "a big plate of food that is on a table", "A white plate topped iwth meat, rice and broccoli.", "There is several different kinds of food on the plate.", "A plate of food with an assortment of food on it."]
["These people are about to eat a large bowl of food.", "A smiling man and woman sit outside for a meal.", "A man of woman at a table with a plate of food", "A woman and a young man sit on a deck at a cookout with a table full of food.", "a couple of people that have a big plate of food"]
["a bunch of people that are skiing down a hill", "A group of people are standing and watching other people skiing down a snowy hill.", "a number of people riding skis on a snowy slope ", "Some skiers are standing around outside in the snow.  ", "A Skiier in mid air performing a trick for others"]
["A man flying through the air while riding skis.", "a person that is jumping some skiies over some snow", "A snow skier high up in the air doing a trick.", "A skier in mid air after a jump", "A skier flying through the air performing a trick."]
["A person flying through the air while riding down a snow slope.", "a person jumping a pair of skis in the air", "A skier jumps a snow ramp adjacent to a ski lift.", "A person taking a jump of a snowy peak on a snowboard", "A person jumping off a ramp with their snowboard. "]
["A plate holds dinner including green beans and potatoes.", "Meat and vegetables are on a white plate.", "A white plate covered in sauce covered food rice and broccoli.", "A plate of food with pasta, mashed potatoes and broccoli. ", "A plate filled with three different types of foods. "]
["A man on skis doing tricks in the snow", "A person on top of a barrier wearing skis.", "A person is skiing over a structure in the snow.", "A man going up a ramp wearing skis.", "A man in white jacket grinding skis on a rail."]
["A man on a skateboard performing a trick.", "A skateboarder trying to do a trick. ", "A skateboarder rides the edge of a concrete slab in a skatepark. ", "A boy doing a skateboard trick on a bench with other boys riding skateboards nearby.", "Man riding a skate board down the little board way."]
["Three guys stand with their skateboards and there is a logo at the bottom.", "Three teenagers posing with their skateboards on the street ", "A SMALL GROUP OF YOUNG MEN WITH THEIR SKATEBOARDS", "Three kids with skateboards stand and pose for the camera.", "Three young men are posing with skateboards. "]
["A guy doing a skate boarding trick over some other guys leg", "A guy attempting a skateboard jump over another guy who is sitting. ", "A man does a skateboarding trick over another man.", "Skate boarding kids ride their skateboards at a skate park.", "A young man jumping with a skateboard over another young man sitting on the ground."]
["A young man riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp.", "an image of a man on his skateboard", "A guy grinding a rail on his skateboard.", "A young man is on a railing on a skateboard.", "A skate boarder riding a rail at the skate park"]
["Two people doing a skateboard trick above a concrete set of stairs.", "A person on a skateboard does an air trick.", "It looks as if one skateboarder is trying to pull the skateboard out from another as he attempts a jump over the steps. ", "A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "One person holds onto the the skateboard as another performs a stunt."]
["A group of people are on skateboards on an empty city street.", "A group of kids riding skateboards down a street.", "a number of people riding skate boards  on a city street", "People skateboard down the sidewalk and the street.", "Black and white photo of a group of skateboarders."]
["A green lizard is eating a brussel sprout.", "The lizard is eating the half of a brussel sprout. ", "A green lizard on top of vegetables eating Brussels Sprouts.", "Iguana eating fruit in fruit stand not intended for him.", "a lizard eating brussels sprouts, next to carrots. "]
["A cup sitting next to a donut on top of a table.", "a coffee cup and doughnut on a table", "a close up of a doughnut and a cup on a book", "A book with a coffee mug and pastry on top.", "A pastry and coffee mug that are on a book."]
["a table with a keyboard and a mouse on it", "A table with computer mouse a box and a thermos. ", "There is a mouse and a cup that is on the desk", "A mouse, keyboard, a tea bag and a much on a table. ", "A computer mouse and tall glass on a table"]
["Snowboarders walking through the snow carrying their boards", "Snow boarders getting ready to travel up the snowy mountain.", "A group of men with snowboards on a slope.", "A bunch of people with snow boards by a big snowy hill.", "A group of people that are holding snowboards."]
["A group of young men riding skateboards in a skate park.", "A couple of people that are by a building.", "Several young skateboarders near a puddle of water.", "A young man on a skateboard crosses the street going one way, while a group of kids begin to cross the street going the other way, in the city.", "A group of teenagers are riding their skateboards."]
["A man in a plaid shirt riding a skateboard.", "A skateboard hobbyist doing a wheelie on a sidewalk.", "A guy riding a skateboard outside near a building.", "A man skating on the street near a building.", "A skateboarder is riding his skateboard and doing a trick."]
["A woman riding skis on a snow covered slope.", "A woman stands in the snow wearing skis.", "A skier in short sleeves stops as she goes down a mountain hill.", "A woman with snow skis on is standing at the top of a snow covered hill.", "A woman skiing down a ski slope. "]
["A man flying through the air on top of a pair of skis.", "The skier has black and white skis and caught some air.", "A kier is mid air completing a trick.", "A person wearing skis while jumping over the camera.", "a young person is performing a ski trick in the air"]
["A skateboarder in the background doing a trick.", "A group of skateboarders near a puddle of water.", "A skateboarder in the air, as people watch on.", "A picture of a person doing a skateboard trick.", "A group of people with skateboards do tricks."]
["this is a foot and a skateboard in the ground", "a skate board being picked up off the ground by a person", "some one about to pick up their skate board. ", "A person reaching for the skate board on the ground.", "A guy is holding his brightly colored skateboard."]
["A young man riding a skateboard up a black ramp.", "A skateboarding boy is about to go onto the red skate bar.", "A skateboarder starting a jump on a homemade ramp.", "A person standing on a skateboard and performing a stunt on a platform in the street.", "A man is riding a skateboard up a ramp on a street in front of a truck."]
["A person on skis is in the air.", "There is a person jumping in the air on a pair of skis.", "The person gets airborne while skiing down the slope. ", "The skier is doing a trick in the air.", "A skier is mid air on the slopes."]
["a snow skier doing a high jump into the air", "The snow skier has jumped in the air.", "A man flying through the air while riding skis.", "A person executes a jump while they are skiing.", "A skier in mid air from a ski jump "]
["a snow skier in a red jacket carrying skis and snow", "A person is walking down the path in the snow.", "A woman in a red coat and red boots walking in the snow.", "A woman carrying skis up a snowy hill.", "a man in a red coat that is walking in the snow"]
["a kid is riding a skateboard on a ramp", "Several little boys skateboarding on a small ramp with help from adults. ", "Small boys on skateboards on a skateboard ramp ", "A group of young children skateboarding on a ramp.", "The skateboard competition is geared to even the youngest boarders."]
["some kids are riding skateboards on a ramp", "A group of people riding on top of a skateboard ramp.", "Some kids are riding their skateboards on a ramp.", "There are many children on a skating ramp.", "People riding skateboards on a half pipe near each other."]
["A little girl cutting a piece of cake, in a picture.", "A child eating a piece of cake on a plate with a fork.", "two small children at a table silverware and food", "A young girl playing with a piece of cake", "A child sitting at a table with a plate of food in front of them."]
["A person at a skatepark in mid air on a skate board", "A skateboarder in mid air off the ramp.", "A boy on a skateboard, jumping high in the air", "A person on a skateboard up in the air.", "A boy in a white t-shirt hovers in the air on a skateboard."]
["A boy soaring into the air, doing tricks on his skateboard.", "A skateboarder is above a ramp with a black skateboard that is also above the ground.", "A boy is jumping into the air on a skateboard.", "A boy in white shirt jumping on a skateboard.", "A man riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp."]
["A few people that are standing with skateboards.", "A group of skateboarders standing at the top of a ramp with their skateboards resting against the top of the ramp.", "There are four boys standing at the ready with their skateboards.", "Four skateboarders stand at the top of a ramp, with their boards, ready to skate.", "some guys standing on top of ramp with their skateboads "]
["there are many skiers standing in the snow", "A group of people riding skis across a snow covered slope.", "Some skiers hanging out together in the snow.", "Boys are skiing in the snow during winter", "a couple of people on skis stand in the snow "]
["Hang time, young man skate boarding down stairs.", "A skateboarder performing a trick on some stairs.", "Skateboarder flying off concrete stairs at the park", "A male skateboarder jumps his skateboard down steps.", "A man in a black tank top jumping on his skateboard"]
["a person jumping a skate board in the air ", "Young man gliding along rail on his skateboard.", "Young skateboarder displaying aerial trick on paved roadway.", "A kid does a skateboard trick over a pole in the ground", "a man is in the air on a skateboard"]
["This man is cutting a large sheet  cake at the party.", "An elderly man cutting a cake with white frosting.", "The man in a suit cuts the cake at a gathering.", "A man cuts into a cake while guests watch. ", "a man cuts the cake at a wedding"]
["A person with ripped jeans on riding on a skateboard. ", "a man riding a skateboard by the edge of a wall ", "a person riding a skate board on a ledge ", "There is a man riding on a skateboard.", "a man is doing a trick on a skateboard"]
["A rail yard may not be the most attractive place to skateboard.", "a person jumping a skate board in the air", "A  blurry skateboarder in the foreground catches some air in what looks like a rail yard.", "A skater jumps up on the board beside a moving train.", "a boy on a skateboard performs a stunt near a train"]
["a person riding a skate board at a skate park", "a guy that is on a skateboard on a ramp", "A man riding a skateboard up a ramp.", "A skateboarder at the top of the ramp as others watch. ", "A skateboarder reaches the top of a skating ramp."]
["Guy jumping with his skateboard doing tricks on the sidewalk", "A boy is in the air doing a trick on his skateboard.", "A guy on a skateboard jumping on a sidewalk.", "A boy performing tricks on his skateboard on a city sidewalk.", "Boy in a plaid shirt doing a skateboard trick."]
["A man in blue and white jacket on skis next to ski lift.", "The skier is getting ready to go down the mountain. ", "A skier traveling on a slope under an empty ski lift.", "A man on skis is under an empty ski lift.", "A skier in a blue jacket underneath the ski lift"]
["A man that is on his knees with a snowboard.", "this is two people sitting in the snow", "Two people on a ski hill, one standing up and one sitting on his knees.", "a couple of men are standing on a snowy hill", "A man on  a pair of skis, and another kneeling on the snow with it's snow board."]
["A person on a skateboard does an air trick.", "A person jumping in the air on a skateboard.", "The jumping skateboarder is grabbing the board during a stunt.", "a person jumping in the air while standing on a skateboard.", "Aerial trick performed by skateboarder wearing green shirt."]
["A man riding a skateboard up the side of a cement ramp.", "A man on a skateboard is in a pool", "A person on a skateboard falls off of it.", "A skate boarder at the end of a trick losing his skate board.", "A person doing tricks on a skateboard about to fall"]
["A man riding a skateboard across a street.", "A man in a helmet is skateboarding on concrete.", "A man on a skateboard is riding on a ramp.", "A person on a skateboard on a street.", "a person that is riding a skateboard on a ramp"]
["There is a pickle slice and a hot dog on a piece of bread in a tray. ", "A hot dog sits on a bun in a carton.", "Delicacy food being served for people to eat.\n", "A hot dog on a bun in a plastic plate", "A hot dog sitting on top of a bun in a paper container."]
["Four plates with stacks of hot dogs on them", "A set of four plates covered in hot dogs on buns.", "There are four paper plates with several hot dogs on them.", "Four paper plates with six hot dogs on each.", "Four plates piled high with hot dogs in buns."]
["People kneeling on their knees in the snow with snowboards.", "Two men kneeling down on top of snow attached to snow boards.", "Two people with snowboards on their feet on their knees in the snow.", "A man in a white jacket and a man in a red jacket kneeling with snowboards on their feet. ", "two men kneeling with snowboards in the mountains."]
["A snowboarder standing in the snow next to a fence.", "A person standing on the bottom of a mountain, with a snowboard.", "Snowboarder stands in snow near board in fenced area.", "Camera person standing in the snow with a camera.", "A snowboarder stands on a hill next to his snowboard."]
["A person on a skateboard does a trick.", "Skateboarder riding on top of his board at dusk. ", "A person jumping up in the air on a skateboard.", "A young man in the middle of a skateboard jump.", "A man flying through the air on his skateboard.\n"]
["There are condiments at a hot dog stand", "A man holds a bottle of mustard at a hotdog stand.", "A man standing at a hot dog cart ", "Hot dog stand with all the essential items", "A man in brown shirt holding a yellow condiment bottle at a hotdog stand."]
["A man is doing a trick at the skatepark.", "A young man performs a trick on a skateboard.", "A guy is doing a skateboard trick in a skate park.", "A young man is trying to pull off a skateboard trick. ", "A man who is performing a trick on a skateboard."]
["A man in red jacket snowboarding down a snowy hill.", "A snowboarder wearing a red jacket heading down the slope", "A young man riding a snowboard down the side of a mountain.", "A man on a snowboard in the snow.", "A lone man in a red jacket stands on a green snowboard in the snow."]
["A skateboarder doing a trick in the air.", "A teen jumps his skateboard in a skate park.", "a person riding a skate board in the air", "A young male is skateboarding shown mid air.", "A man dressed all in black riding a skateboard."]
["A person snowboarding down a snow covered mountain.", "A person going down a snowy hill on a snowboard.", "A person in red jacket snowboarding down a slope.", "a person riding a snow board on a snowy slope", "a person snowboarding down a large snowy white hill"]
["A group of people with skis walk on the snow.", "Three skiers and a snowboarder walking on the snow together.", "Four people with numbers on their bibs carry their skis", "Four people walking through the snow carrying their skis", "FOUR SKI COMPETITORS WALKING UP A SKI SLOPE."]
["A group of people walking across a snow covered slope.", "The skiers with numbers on their shirts are carrying skis and snowboards. ", "People walking through snow holding skis and poles.", "Large group of skiers and snowboarders at ski area.", "Snowboarders and skiers walk through the snow in their gear."]
["A snowboarder jumps in the air over a snow embankment.", "A snow board rider taking a jump in the air.", "A man is snowboarding in the air sideways over a snow mountain.", "Person high in the sky after jumping snow ramp with snowboard", "A person snowboarding down a snowy hill. "]
["A person flying through the air on a snowboard, at a competition.", "A snow boarder doing tricks in front of a crowd.", "A man competing in a snow board competition in front of a crowd of spectators.", "a person jumping a snow board in the air", "A large audience is watching a snowboarder perform a grab in the air."]
["A woman flying through the air while riding a snowboard.", "A person is riding high on a snowboard near a mountain.", "A woman in midair as she snowboards down a hill in the mountains.", "A female skateboarder is in mid air doing a trick.", "Snowboarder in mid air jump going down a mountain."]
["A snow boarder boarding down a snow covered mountain.", "A man in black snowboarding down a snowy mountain.", "A man jumping down a cliff on a snowboard.", "A man snowboarding down a snowy mountain hill.", "A man on a snowboard descends a snow-covered mountain."]
["A snowboarder in a colorful jacket racing down a slope.", "a man on a snowboard is riding down the slope.", "The snowboarder is just starting his run down the slope.", "a snowboarder riding down a steep slope ", "A person who is snowboarding down a hill. "]
["A kitchen counter with plates of beans and hot dogs.", "The process of making a chili hot dog.", "A person serving themselves a hot dog with condiments.", "Hands move among a hot dog and other foods on a counter.", "A bowl filled with hot dogs next to a bowl of chili."]
["A man putting a hot dog in a bun at a table.", "a man sitting behind a counter preparing some food ", "A man holding a hotdog in front of a kitchen ", "a man with a hat holding a hot dog", "Man smiling while making a hotdog behind a counter."]
["A hot dog on a bun next to a pile of tater tots.", "some tots and a hotdog are in a basket together", "The hot dog is sitting with a pile of tots.", "there is a bowl of tater tots and a hot dog", "Tater tots and a hot dog with ketchup are on the paper"]
["Hand reaching for one of the doughnuts on the table.", "A pair of doughnuts are covered in messy toppings", "People sitting down at a table with chocolate covered donuts.", "Two donuts with chocolates frosting on wax paper.", "Donuts are frosted with chocolate icing and cream."]
["A little boy sitting on a couch with a plate of food.", "A small child sitting down with a plate of food on his lap and using his hands to eat the food.", "A boy sits in a chair reaching into a plate of food on his lap.", "A little boy sitting in a chair with a hot dog.", "a boy with a blue shirt and blue plate and a hotdog"]
["a group of people are eating pizza at a long table", "a bunch of people are eating around a table", "a large room filled with pizza an people", "A large room has tables full of people eating boxes of pizza.", "A view of a group of people eating at a large table."]
["We are looking at a long table with people eating pizzas.", "a group of people with pizza boxes ", "Cafeteria scene showing dozens of people with their own individual pizza.", "it looks like a pizza tasting convention ", "A group of people eat pizzas from open boxes in a large room."]
["A man in white shirt preparing a pizza on counter.", "a man standing next to an oven and before a pizza", "A young man is making a pizza in the kitchen.", "A young man standing over a pan filled with food.", "A make preparing food on a counter in a kitchen. "]
["Some glazed donuts have chocolate frosting with sprinkles.", "A plate topped with two chocolate donuts on top of a table.", "One of the two chocolate donuts has sprinkles on it. ", "A pair of chocolate doughnuts, one with sprinkles.", "Two donuts covered in chocolate sitting on a plate."]
["A woman sitting at a table with two bottles of beer next to a pizza.", "A woman is at a table with some beer and pizza.", "Woman drinking beer and eating pizza, with glass of coke.", "A woman sits at a table with a pizza on it.", "A woman at a table with pizza and bottles of beer. "]
["An assortment of doughnuts in a box with some missing. ", "A box of several different types of donuts ", "A box that contains multiple kinds of doughnuts.", "a close up of an open box of doughnuts", "The variety box of donuts is not full."]
["A paper plate with coleslaw and a half sandwich with red onions and a fork. ", "a close up of a plate of food ", "A sandwich sitting on top of a white paper plate.", "A plate of food that is sitting on a paper plate.", "That sandwich on the plate is called an openface sandwich."]
["The person is holding a pastry in their hand", "A person holding up the remains of a donut.", "a person holding onto a partially eaten donut hole ", "Person holding up a small doughnut in their hands. ", "A hand holding a partially eaten doughnut hole."]
["A group of young people standing around each other.", "There are people with snowboards next to them.", "Group of snowboarders in transportation vehicle near ski area.", "People are sitting with their colorful snowboards near them. ", "A group of people in a lift with their snowboards."]
["there is a starbucks drink and a sandwich on a table", "A drink and sandwiches in a bag on a table.", "a green drink and a sandwich in a bag on a white counter", "A sandwich and iced green tea have been purchased from Starbucks.", "The food and drink are sitting on the table."]
["a young boy standing in front of a counter with dougnuts ", "A little boy in front of a counter at a restaurant ", "A child is standing at the counter of a donut shop.", "A very cute small boy making a funny face.", "A boy standing in front of a counter at a donut store. "]
["A chocolate donut and  a cup of coffee.", "A chocolate donut and cup of coffee on a napkin.", "A chocolate doughnut sitting on top of a table next to a cup of coffee.", "a close up of a doughnut on a napkin on a table", "A doughnut has a bit taken out of it sitting on a napkin with coffee."]
["A woman holding a pink donut covered in sprinkles.", "This woman is holding a donut that is decorated with confetti.", "Someone brought donuts to the office, and these women are both eating them.", "The two woman who work in the office are eating donuts. ", "A woman in an office holding up a doughnut."]
["a baseball player swinging a bat at a ball", "A batter, catcher and umpire in a softball game.", "A baseball player wearing black and white standing on a field swinging a bat. ", "The girl is playing baseball in the field. ", "A woman hitting a softball with a bat on a field."]
["A young man hits a tennis ball while wearing a helmet.", "A softball player swinging at the soft ball", "A person wearing blue and white is batting a baseball.", "A women hitting a softball with a bat.", "A person swinging a softball bat and hitting a softball."]
["A white plate with a cheeseburger and french fries.", "A sandwich with bites and French fries are on a plate. ", "a sandwich on toasted bread with french fries", "A sandwich and some fries on a plate.", "A sandwich and some french fries are on a white plate."]
["A group of people riding surfboards on waves in the ocean.", "Four surfers wearing matching clothing each take a different position.", "A woman and three men surf waves in the ocean.", "a group of people riding surf boards in a body of water", "a group of people in the water, some of them surfing"]
["a man with a hat riding on a surf board", "A person doing a jump on a water board.", "A man kiteboard over the ocean on a board.", "A person midair while wakeboarding in the ocean.", "A parasurfer on an orange board taking flight."]
["Some people playing basket ball wearing green uniforms.", "A group of men in basketball game with crowd watching.", "A group of men standing around a basketball court.", "Basketball players playing basketball during a basketball game.", "A group of basket ball players in action on the court."]
["sandwich sits on plate with dipping bowl next to a cup", "A lobster roll with a side of sauce on a plate.", "Someone uses a fork to eat salad beside a large sandwich.", "An assortment of foods and a fork are on a plate.", "A PLATED SANDWICH AND SAUCE WITH A COFFEE MUG."]
["Man in trench coat enjoying food item on skewer in office setting.", "The man is sitting down at the table eating desert.", "A man sitting in a chair holding a type of food in his hand.", "A man eating a food item on a stick next to a black table.", "A man in glasses holding pastries on a stick"]
["A couple of people carrying surfboards under a pier.", "Two people carry surf boards under a pier.", "Two people carrying surfboards are walking under a bridge ", "two people carrying surf boards while walking under a boardwalk", "There are surfers under a dock near the ocean."]
["Someone is holding a container of garlic mayo near his sandwich. ", "Someone holds a bottle of mayonnaise near a hashbrown sandwich.", "The diner is adding mayo to his sandwich.", "A plate of toast with a bottle of garlic mayo ", "A hand holding up may-o dressing next to a sandwhich."]
["Doughnuts, which are labeled accidentally vegan, sit on a box.", "some white glazed donuts are in a box with a window", "Doughnuts in a box are on a counter for sale.", "A box of donuts by a laptop on a desk.", "The donuts in the package are all glazed."]
["A box filled with cakes next to other boxes of cakes.", "Packages of baked goods are sitting on a table.", "Boxes of different pastries on a wooden table.", "An open box of pastries in front of a stack of boxes with doughnuts in them.", "a close up of packaged baked good for sale "]
["a girl that has a baseball bat in her hands", "A young woman hitting the ball during a softball game.", "A female softball player swinging a bat at a ball.  ", "a woman swings her bat at a soft ball ", "A softball player hitting a ball in an organized game."]
["A girl hitting a softball with a bat during a game", "A softball batter hits the yellow softball with the bat.", "Woman and blue-and-white uniform swinging at a baseball. ", "A person who is hitting a ball with a bat. ", "A woman swings at a ball in a softball game"]
["A man riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.", "a shirtless surfer is riding a white board", "An individual is taken in this very picture. \n", "a man is surfing on a board at the beach", "A man on a surfboard riding a wave in the ocean"]
["A shirtless surfer jumps up from the waves.", "A man on a surfboard performing a trick.", "A person on a surfboard in the water.", "A man riding a wave on top of a white surfboard.", "Man comes out the water with raised arms as he rides the surfboard"]
["Young women playing a game of softball in the hot sun.", "Some women at homeplate playing a game of softball.", "A girl that has hit the softball in the game.", "A person striking the base ball at a base ball game", "A player hits the softball with a bat."]
["A man holding a surfboard while standing on a sandy beach.", "a woman with a surfboard on the beach\n", "Woman in wetsuit stands on a rocky beach holding a surfboard.", "On a foggy day at the beach a woman is holding a surfboard and some people are walking.", "a person holding a surf board standing on a beach"]
["A dog sitting on a sandy beach next to the ocean.", "thirsty black dog sitting by the beach near people with surfboards", "A black dog sits on the shore of a beach.", "The dog is watching its owners on the beach. ", "A dog on the beach with some people who also have a surfboard."]
["Male surfer in wet suit, just thrown off surfboard at the peak of a wave.", "A man on a surfboard rides a wave.", "A photo of a man jumping off his surfboard.", "A person was surfing and fell off the board.", "A surfer is knocked into the air by an ocean wave."]
["A man sits at a table and takes a drink of his beverage.", "The man drinking from a glass has a sandwich cut in half.", "A pale, wavy-haired man drinks a beverage with a cut-in-half sandwich sitting before him.", "A man drinking a beverage with his sandwich.", "there is a man drinking a beverage with food "]
["a close up of a plate with french fries", "A plate of steak fries, and a hamburger sandwich.", "Coleslaw dresses up a pulled pork sandwich and fries.", "A pulled meat sandwich on a plate with fries", "A plate with a sandwich and fries on a table."]
["Drawing of a surfer riding a large wave.", "A cartoon of a person surfing a big wave", "A drawing of a man surfing down a large wave.", "A guy surfs a wave in a drawing. ", "A drawing of a man riding a wave on a surfboard.", "drawing of a man on a surfboard riding a large wave"]
["A table set out with a plate of sandwiches and a cup of coffee. ", "A table with a sand which and a cup of coffee spliced on it.", "A submarine sandwich cut in half on a white plate next to a cup of coffee. ", "A sandwich with drink sitting on a table", "A large sandwich and cup of coffee sit on an outdoor dining table."]
["A female surfer rides the waves in the ocean.", "A woman riding a wave while on a surfboard.", "A person surfing in the middle of a wave.", "A boy wearing a wetsuit rides a wave on his surfboard.", "A surfer is on a surf board riding a wave."]
["A box of cookies sits by a wedding cake decorated with berries.", "A large three layer cake is next to a box of cookies.", "A white tiered cake decorated with holly and a tray of cupcakes", "There is a white cake and some small cookies", "a close up of a cake on a table near a box of cookies"]
["A person touching a big cheesy meat sandwich.", "someone holding a meat ball sandwich wrapped in aluminum foil", "A meatball sub smothered in sauce on tin foil.", "The meatball sandwich is open and being shown.", "Fingers keep a meatball sub from falling apart."]
["A person rides a surfboard on a wave at the beach.", "We are looking up at a surfer riding a wave.", "A person on a surfboard in the sea coming down from a wave", "A person on a surfboard is riding a wave on the ocean.", "A person surfs a wave in the blue ocean near green cliffs."]
["a man and woman stand next to a wedding cake ", "a bride and groom eating wedding cake ", "A man and a woman standing next to a cake on a table.", "A married couple are standing by their cake. ", "A bride and a man talking next to a cake."]
["A person walking across a beach holding a surfboard.", "Someone walking down the beach with a surfboard.", "a person walking down a beach with a surf board.", "A man is walking along the beach with a surfboard.", "A person on a beach with a surfboard."]
["At sunrise the man is ready to enter the water with his gear.", "A person is holding a surfboard in the water.", "A man is standing in the shallow part of the ocean carrying a surfboard.", "a person holding a surf board near water", "A man holding his surfboard along the waters edge."]
["A birthday cake that is on a table.", "A birthday cake with words written on it with other food on the table. ", "A sheet cake sitting on top of a purple table.", "A birthday cake surrounded by other foods on a table.", "This is a table set up for a birthday celebration for someone."]
["A sailboarder holds on to the sail in the ocean.", "Two people riding parasols are in the background while a man who is riding a jet ski is holding on to a rope.", "A man riding a surf board in the ocean while flying a kite. ", "A young person is having some fun in the ocean.", "a man being pulled on a water board with the assistance of a kite"]
["A wake boarder getting major air on a very sunny day.", "A man rides his wake board while paragliding", "A man riding a board while attached to a parachute flying over the ocean.", "Serious air time for a man wind surfing ", "A man is high in the air while wake boarding."]
["A man riding a surfboard while flying a kite.", "A person doing tricks on the water while para sailing", "This is an image of a person waterskiing.", "The boy doing a flip on a wake board.", "A person who is windsurfing in mid jump."]
["A sparse room with a bed sitting in the corner.", "A bed in a room with wooden floor and not much else in the room.", "A bedroom with green walls and a bed with two pillows.", "A bedroom scene with focus on the bed.", "A bedroom and bed in a room with wood flooring, green walls and a window above the side of the bed."]
["A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A few people enjoying the waves on their surfboards at a beach.", "An man with a red and black wet suit surfing on the ocean.", "A man surfing a tiny wave in the ocean.", "A man leans back as he starts to fall off his surfboard"]
["Two men can be seen out in the water and one is on a surf board.", "Surfers paddling back to shore area from open ocean.", "the man is laying on his surfboard out in the ocean", "Surfing instructor teaching man to paddle surfboard on ocean.", "a person riding a surf board on a body of water "]
["A man in a wetsuit is holding a surfboard on a dirt path. ", "Man in a wet suit walking down a wooded path to a surfing beach.", "A boy is walking with a wet suit and carrying his surf board under his arm.", "A man is walking down a path holding a surfboard.", "A person in a wetsuit, walking on a dirt path and carrying a surfboard"]
["There is a surfer riding a wave at this beach.", "a person riding a surfboard underneath a wave ", "a person riding a surf board on a wave", "I am unable to see the image above.", "A surfer lies down on his board as a wave crashes over him."]
["A bedroom with a lamp and television on", "A hotel room with a bed and a bench.", "The TV sits on a shelf higher than the bed.", "A bedroom with a lamp and a bed in front of a TV.", "a bedroom with a bed , side lamp , and mounted television."]
["A man riding a surfboard on top of a wave.", "A man ridding a surfboard into the air as the wave crashes.", "A guy in the ocean surfing is getting some air.", "An airborne surfboarder having just gone up a wave", "a man on a skateboard up above a wave"]
["A surfer is in the middle of riding a wave.", "A man riding a wave on a skateboard in an ocean.", "A wet suited surfer riding the crest of an azure wave", "A man on a surf board sprays water into the air with a trick.", "A man surfing on a wave in the ocean near a small island."]
["a male surfer in a yellow top on a white board", "A surfer riding inside a large wave. ", "A surfer inside a very tall wave keeping his balance", "A surfer is riding a large wave out in the water.", "A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard."]
["a bed with a pillow and a blanket and some books", "A view of a poster bed in a bedroom.", "A view of a bedroom with a four poster bed and bookcase next tot it", "Doorway view of a bedroom with a bed and shelves.", "A bed with posts has a red glare to it."]
["A man on a surfboard surfing on a wave.", "A man riding a white surfboard through the waves.", "A man surfs a wave in the ocean. ", "A man on a surfboard riding a wave.", "The man is surfing and riding the waves."]
["A young boy kicking a soccer ball across a field.", "Two boys playing soccer while a man stands on the other side of a fence and watches.", "A boy kicks a soccer ball during a match.", "a couple of children play a game of soccer ", "Boy running with a soccer ball in a fenced area."]
["A person on a surfboard in the water.", "a person riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A person riding a wave in the ocean with a wet suit on. ", "A person who is on a surf board in the ocean.", "A surfer riding a wave on the ocean."]
["Man sitting at a dinner table eating a chocolate piece of cake. ", "A man is eating a slice of cake at a restaurant.", "A man is smiling as he enjoys a dessert at a restaurant.", "a man in glasses is holding a spoon", "a picture of a man eating a piece of cake "]
["A man wearing a black water suit surfs through the water", "A man in a wetsuit surfing in the ocean.", "A man in a wet suit crouching on a surfboard.", "A person riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A man wearing a wetsuit riding a surfboard on a small wave."]
["A surfer is coming down off a huge wave with lots of white caps.", "A man surfing inside a large ocean wave.", "A man surfing the waves in the ocean on his surf board. ", "A man riding a board on top of a wave in the ocean.", "a surfer on a surf board in the midst of a wave"]
["A dark bedroom with an unmade bed and a turned on bedside lamp.", "A bedroom with the bed turned down and the sidelight turned on.", "A bedroom area with bed, two lights, nightstands and a painting.", "a bed room with a bed a night stand and a lamp", "a bedroom with a lamp and a messy bed by the window "]
["two surfers looking at the dark stormy looking sky", "Two surfers are walking towards several waves in the sea.", "two surfers are walking in some shallow water at the beach", "Those two surfers look like they are no longer surfing.", "Two surfers at dusk taking their surfboards out for a ride."]
["A bedroom that has a lamp on either side of the bed.", "This king size bed is neatly made. ", "A bed with a black and white striped bedspread.", "The king size bed looks inviting and ready to be used.", "A king sized cozy bed, in a finely kept hotel"]
["A man on a surfboard on a wave in the water. ", "a man in a wetsuit riding a wave with a surfboard ", "A surfer in a wet suit riding the crest of a wave.", "There is a surfer riding his board down a wave", "A man is on his surfing board, riding the waves. "]
["Two queen size beds in a white room with white sheets", "A hotel room contains two beds and a bowl of fruit.", "A hotel room with two beds and a basket of fruit.", "The bedroom has two beds and a basket of fruit.", "Two beds in a room with Japanese styled lighting."]
["A couple of women embracing each other on a sandy beach.", "two women are happily holding their surfing boards. ", "Two women holding surfboards while smiling at the camera.", "Two women are standing on the beach holding surfboards.", "two women are holding surfboards and smiling at the beach"]
["An open window overlooking a city in a bedroom.", "Curtains in front of a window next to a bed.", "A open window looking out on buildings with drapes and the end of a bed. \n", "A view of the buildings outside from a bedroom window.", "A second-story bedroom window is open, revealing other houses and buildings in the neighborhood."]
["A boy and girl laying on a bed shaped like a cat.", "an image of two kids in bed with sheets", "A little boy and a little girl laying on a cat shaped beany bed.", "Two young children are laying in bed with one another. ", "Two children laying in bed together, the girl is holding up one finger."]
["a close up of a plate of pizza on a table", "A pizza sitting on top of a table with a white plate and fork.", "A table that has a pizza sitting on it.", "A pizza on one plate and a fork/knife on another.", "A thin crust pizza is next to a wrapped knife and fork on a plate."]
["A woman laying on her stomach in a short skirt on her stomache", "The young brunette trollop lay splay legged on the twin bed, short skirt rising up provocatively to showcase her seductive, creamy thighs.", "The person is wearing black clothes, shoes, and hose.", "A person laying on the bed wearing all black and high heels.", "A girl dressed all in black with black stockings and heels"]
["a statue of two people surfing in a fountain", "Two surfing statues glide across the water in the city.", "A fountain that has two sculptures of surfers in it\n.\n", "Sculptures that pay tribute to the art of surfing", "A computer model of two surfers on the water."]
["A large white bed in a red room", "A bedroom has a bed, a chair, and a window.", "A bed with several pillows in a room.", "a bed room with a neatly made bed and chair ", "A neatly made bed in the hotel room. "]
["A bed with lamps, night stands, a clock and a phone.", "A hotel room made up for the next guest.", "A bed with a brown head board and an orange cover on the bed.", "A white bed topped with lots of pillows.", "A bed well done with white sheets and pillows"]
["The bed covered in many sheets and blankets is the only furniture in the room.", "An unmade dirty bed in a filthy room with a window.", "The old metal bed with dirty linens is the only furnishing in the abandoned room", "a bed covered in heaps of rags and dirty bedding", "there is a very large room with only a bed in it"]
["A bed sitting on a hard wood floor.", "a thrown together bed beside a very large picture picture window", "An empty bed with a teddy bear laying on it.", "A bed with grey sheets in a room with wooden floors. ", "a bed with a big grey comforter on it "]
["A beautiful woman laying on top of a bed in lingerie.", "A young woman is partially dressed and laying across a bed.", "A woman is half naked and laying on her bed while swinging her face to the side.", "A unclothed woman in high heels and stockings  laying on a bed.", "A women lying in her underwear on a bed."]
["A girl on a bed sits near the corner of the room.", "a girl laying in bed with some kind of stuffed animal.", "A woman laying in bed next to a large stuffed animal.", "a small girl in pajamas in a bed with her stuffed animal", "The young children are lying in the bed."]
["A dinner plate has a lot of different food on it. ", "The platter of food features a variety of dishes.", "A plate of food on a table in a room.", "A white plate topped with lots of different foods.", "A platter of different types of food on a plate."]
["A piece of pizza sitting on top of a white plate.", "A piece of pizza being served on a plate.", "A slice of pizza on a plate with the word sbarro printed on it.", "There is only on slice of pizza on that plate.", "A tasty looking piece of pizza with meat toppings."]
["a person holding up a plate with a slice of pizza", "A kid in a red shirt holding a plate with a piece of pizza on it.", "A person holding up a plate with a slice of pizza.", "A boy holding a plate with a slice of pizza on it.", "The boy is showing off his slice of pizza."]
["An open laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "The young man is pointing to a laptop.", "a young man pointing towards his turned on laptop", "A person gestures towards their open laptop. ", "A person in a black shirt gesturing towards a laptop."]
["Fans and players watch as woman on the court plays a game of tennis", "A professional woman tennis player waiting to hit the ball.", "Woman on a tennis court and all spectators looking toward the opposite court.", "A girl playing tennis on a tennis court.\n", "A tennis player wears a red top and a white visor."]
["A person sitting at a table with some fancy food.", "A pizza sitting on top of a wooden tray next to french fries.", "a person sitting at a table with ribs and fries", "A cutting board with some fine food on it ready to be eaten. ", "A person with different foods layed out in front of them"]
["Close up view of baked pizza served on table.", "A pepperoni, mushroom and black olvie pizza atop a table.", "The pizza with many ingredients has three hard boiled eggs on it.", "A close-up of toppings on a pizza. ", "This pizza has mushrooms, eggs, olives, and ham on it."]
["A laptop on the arm of a chair", "A tablet with attached keyboard, smartphone, and remote are ready on the couch.", "A brown chair has a remote, laptop, phone and yellow pillow on it as it sits in a corner.", "A large cushioned chair with a laptop, pillow, remote, a tablet and a cell phone on it", "A large compfy leather chair with a remote control and a laptop.."]
["A little kid eating a slice of cheesy pizza.", "A  young girl with yellow nails eating pizza", "A girl with freckles eating a piece of pizza.", "The young girl is happily eating a slice of pizza.", "A girl is eating a slice of pizza."]
["Two laptop computers are on a brown desk.", "A desk with a white laptop, camera and a computer monitor.", "Two computers and a digital camera are on a desk.", "a couple of laptops sit next to each other on a desk ", "Several different electronic products that are turned on."]
["A large cooked pizza on a pan in a room.", "a close up photo of a toasty pizza", "A whole uncut pizza on a pan in a kitchen.", "Pizza on plate with green pieces on it and cheese", "a close up of a pizza on a pan on a table "]
["People enjoying as deep dish pizza in a restaurant", "a pan of pizza elevated on a table with people sitting around it", "Two people at a table of a restaurant with a deep dish pizza.", "A deep dish pizza sitting on top of a white plate.", "A Deep dish pizza being served on a raised platter."]
["A pizza with a slice being taken from it.", "A thick cheesy pizza slice is being held by a hand.", "A hand lifting a slice of pizza off a pan.", "Someone holding a slice of veggie pizza from a box.", "Someone lifting a slice of deep dish pizza."]
["The man stands outside of a store holding a piece of food.", "A man holding a piece of food in his hands.", "a man is standing outside with a slice of pizza", "a man is eating outside of a food store", "A guy with glasses looking at some food that he is holding."]
["A view of a pizza from a table, with a man behind it.", "THIS PHOTO HAS A TWO TIER PIZZA PLATTERS", "Two slices of pizza on a porcelain stand with a diner behind scoffing pizza.", "there is a close up view of a pizza pie", "A pizza on a ceramic pizza holder and underneath is another pizza and a guy has his hand in his mouth."]
["A couple of women sitting in front of a deep dish pizza.", "Two women sitting in a booth at a restaurant sharing a stuffed pizza.", "A pair of people sit behind a pizza on top of a tray.", "Two ladies are sitting down with a huge pizza at their table. ", "Unhappy females sitting at table with large pizza"]
["A woman is taking a bite of pizza.", "A girl takes a bite out of a pizza.", "A young lady sitting at a restaurant eating a piece of pizza.", "the woman is taking a small bite of the pizza in her hand", "a woman is outside eating a slice of pizza"]
["A cheesy pizza covered in topping sitting on top of a pan.", "A freshly cooked pizza on a pizza pan.", "A prepared pan of food is sitting on a table.", "A sliced pizza topped with green peppers and black olives.", "A cooked pizza with olives, onions, and peppers on a pizza stone."]
["this is an image  of a child's birthday party.", "Several children sitting at table with balloons attached to chairs.", "A bunch of children are sitting at a birthday party", "A long table surrounded by children with balloons", "The children are eating together at the birthday party."]
["A man playing tennis is about to hit the ball.", "A man in a red shirt and blue shorts playing tennis.", "The tennis player is swinging for a tennis ball.", "Tennis player getting ready to hit a tennis ball.", "a tennis player getting ready to swing a racket"]
["A woman is holding a tennis racquet on the tennis court", "A woman is preparing for the ball in tennis.", "A woman holding a tennis racket at a game.", "A woman wearing pink athletic shoes gets ready to swing her tennis racket.", "A woman in red sneakers is playing tennis."]
["A large assortment of pizzas out for display", "A pizza buffet with several varieties of pizza, located in a kitchen.", "A pizza buffet sitting inside of a building next to a kitchen.", "The buffet has a lot of different pizzas on it. ", "Many different kinds of pizza on display at a restaurant."]
["The featured dish contains several unusual fresh ingredients.", "A close up of a plate with two slices of pizza.", "A purple plate holding two slices of pizza.", "A couple of slices of pizza on a purple plate.", "A close up of a piece of pizza with bacon on a plate."]
["A pizza sitting on top of a table next to another pizza.", "Two friends enjoying lunch at a pizza restaurant", "Two pizzas being served at a restaurant with water.", "A pizza topped with cheese and vegetables on a restaurant table.", "There is a large full pizza in the table"]
["A table topped with two pizzas covered in sauce and toppings.", "TWO PIZZAS IN PIE PANS SITTING ON A TABLE", "an image of a flat pizza on a table", "Two pizza's on sliver pans on a table with utensils.", "A plate contains a pizza with many toppings."]
["A man and young boy with tennis rackets on a blue tennis court.", "A man playing tennis with a small child.", "A man holding a tennis racket and ball standing next to a toddler on a court.", "A man and a small child stand on a tennis court.", "a man and a child are on a tennis court"]
["Two adults watch as a young baby holds a tennis racket.", "A very small child holding a tennis racket.", "A man and woman sitting on a bench watching a toddle play with a tennis racket.", "The people watch the little boy holding a tennis racquet.", "a young child is holding a tennis raquet "]
["there is a man sitting in a chair in the living room", "A man sitting in a chair with a paper in a room with couches, a fire place and a bookcase.", "a male a chair a fireplace a light some books", "A man sits in the corner reading a newspaper.", "a room with so many books and a man reading a newspaper"]
["A large green couch sitting on top of a wooden floor.", "A couch in a room with a remote on top of it", "An empty sofa sitting in a room with a slanted ceiling.", "The room with the blue couch is very messy.", "a long blue couch sitting by a white wall "]
["a man with no shirt holds a toothbrush", "A man with long hair and in a towel holding a toothbrush.", "A man stands with his toothbrush in a towel. ", "A man without a shirt holding a purple tooth brush.", "a man with no shirt poses with a tooth brush"]
["A room full of people sitting down on chairs.", "People in business attire are sitting at a conference.", "A man in a suit holding a soccer ball with other people around him.", "A group of people seated in chairs together and facing the same direction, with one man holding a soccer ball in his hands.", "A group of men and women are seated "]
["a spin brush tooth brush on the sink", "a toothbrush that is on down on the counter", "Close up picture of a toothbrush showing results", "A close up of a tooth brush with three different colors of bristles. ", "A toothbrush with round and straight bristles on it."]
["A futon with several pillows piled on it and a suitcase next to it.", "A low black couch with lots of pillows. ", "A room has brown carpet and a black futon.", "This is someones couch in their living room in their home.", "A small sofa has pillows on it in the corner"]
["Four young men in a sitting area stand looking towards the opposite side of the room.", "Four men are in a lounging area with three of them holding remotes.", "A group of men standing around a living room.", "A group of men are playing a Nintendo Wii", "Four men stand in a room watching something to the left which is not shown in the image."]
["a man and woman and some people looking at them", "there is a man and a woman standing on stage speaking", "A man and a woman giving a speech with a  video game playing in back.", "a male and female standing in front of a crowd of people", "A woman standing next to a man in front of a projection screen."]
["A man looking in the mirror brushing his teeth .", "A man is seen brushing his teeth likely in a bathroom.", "A man brushing his teeth in the bathroom.", "Man brushing teeth in bathroom with white walls.", "A man in blue shirt brushing his teeth in a mirror."]
["A toothbrush is sitting on top of the plate.", "A plate with toothbrush, spoons, forks and knives", "A tooth brush sits on a plate with silverware next to it", "A new unopened toothbrush is on a plate near eating utensils and glasses.", "A new toothbrush sits on a plate on a table"]
["A couple of young men standing in a living room holding Wii controllers.", "two males are playing a video game and a couch", "Check out the Mohawk on one of the game players.", "two men playing with wii motes by a couch ", "two guys holding game controllers playing video games"]
["A woman in a black tank top holds a white remote.", "A woman in a black tank top concentrates on a Wii game.", "A woman is playing motion controlled video game.", "A girl looking serious while playing Nintendo Wii.", "A woman standing in a room with a remote."]
["A few small kids playing a game of Wii.", "Children playing Wii on a big screen television", "The boy and the girl are playing a video game in the living room.", "A girl and a boy are playing with a Wii.", "A BOY AND GIRL ARE PLAYING WII "]
["Man in glasses and black shirt brushing his teeth.", "Black and white photograph of a young man brushing his teeth", "A black-and-white photo of a young man brushing his teeth.", "A man making a face as he places a spoon in his mouth.", "A man wrinkles his face as he brushes his teeth."]
["A man standing behind a car next to a tent.", "there is a man standing by many tents smoking a cigarette ", "A man is brushing his teeth outside of a tent. ", "A man that is standing up next to tents.", "A man holding a smoking device by some tents."]
["A group of people standing and sitting around a living room.", "People paying attention while seated inside of a reception area.", "A room full of students intently watch a presentation.", "Four-five persons sitting in a room looking at something in one direction.", "a group of people sitting on a couch playing a video game"]
["A group of guys on a couch watching tv", "Three men sitting on a couch next to each other.", "Three guys sitting on the couch watching some television.", "an image of three men sitting on the couch watching tv\n", "Three guys on a couch playing a video game."]
["A GROUP OF PEOPLE ARE PLAYING WII ", "Two men are playing a video game together.", "Two men holding a Nintendo Wii remote in their hands.", "Two men in a living room playing a video game.", "A couple of guys are playing video games"]
["A man standing in a room holding a drink and a game controller.", "A man holding a drink and a game controller.", "A adult male is playing Wii with another person.", "a man with a hat holding a beverage and a wii remote", "A man holding a drink and a video game controller."]
["Two men are playing a video game as another sits watching.", "A MAN IS DRINKING AND PLAYING WII WITH FRIENDS", "two men standing around holding onto wiimotes and having drinks ", "A man standing in a living room next to a man holding a game controller.", "Two men standing and holding game controllers while someone watches."]
["A person is holding a video game controller", "A man is pressing buttons on his wii remote.", "A person holding a Wii video game controller.", "A person hand pressing buttons on a Nintendo Wii controller.", "A person holding a white Nintendo Wii game controller."]
["A youn ggirl playing a game on the Nintendo Wii.", "A man and woman playing video games together", "a person playing nintendo wii in front of a tv", "A woman playing a game with a Nintendo Wii controller while others watch.", "People play Wii an a convention in a hall."]
["A black and white sitting room with checkered floor.", "a black and white room with all black or white objects ", "The well furnished room has checkered tile on the floor.", "A lavish reception room with black and white tiled floor", "A room with furniture and a checker pattern floor."]
["Two boys in a living room playing a game with a Nintendo Wii controller.", "A boy in glasses watches his brother play a video game.", "a boy standing in a living room holding a game controller.", "two young people standing together playing nintendo wii", "A boy watches another boy play a video game."]
["Man standing in front of a television holding up a Wii controller. ", "A man is standing close to a tv playing video game bowling.", "Man standing up playing a video game on a TV.", "a person standing in front of a tv playing nintendo wii", "A man with a shaved head playing a video game on the Nintendo Wii."]
["Two young men holding Nintendo Wii controllers standing next to each other.", "Two men wearing glasses are playing the video game wii.", "Two men holding Wii controllers in a bar.", "Two men hold video game remote controllers at a convention.", "Two young men are playing a game on the Wii."]
["Watched by her father, a little girl plays a video game.", "A father and his daughter playing a WII while people watch. ", "an adult helping a child play nintendo wii", "A man and a small girl interact with a museum exhibit.", "A guy showing a little girl how to hold a remote."]
["A dog laying down with a Wii Remote between his paws.", "A dog laying on a couch with a video game remote.", "A small dog reclines on a piece of furniture next to an electronic game controller.", "a dog sitting on furniture near nintendo wii remote", "A dog with long hair sitting with a Wii controller"]
["a person standing and holding a game controller in one hand", "A man playing Wii holding his hands out ", "A person standing in a room with a remote.", "This is an image of a man playing wii", "a person standing up playing nintendo wii "]
["Couple of people standing in room playing with the Wii", "A couple of people with remotes in a room.", "a man and woman enjoying themselves playing a game", "Two people are playing a game with controllers.", "two people standing playing nintendo wii with one another"]
["A man in a brown shirt is playing a video game. ", "A man sitting with a game controller in his hands.", "a man sits on a couch while playing a video game ", "Man focused with controller and window with wall", "Guy sitting, really into playing a video game"]
["A man is standing in a room holding something in his hand.", "He is smiling at his success while playing Nintendo Wii.", "a man standing in a living room while holding onto a wii mote", "A man holds a video game controller in his hand.", "a person standing in a living room with a nintendo remote "]
["A man holding a Nintendo Wii controller in front of a couch.", "Man in striped shirt and jeans playing a game with a Nintendo Wii controller.", "A man is using a video game remote controller.", "a man standing in front of a couch and holding a wiimote", "A man with a brown sweater is playing a WII game."]
["A man playing a game in the living room. ", "A middle aged man plays Wii in his living room", "The man is playing games on his tv.", "There is a man playing with a WII.", "A man in brown holding a wii remote"]
["a room wit ha chair a bed multiple windows ", "A room with many different types of classic decorations and accents.", "A living room filled with furniture and a fireplace.", "a living room with a day bed , a sitting chair and a fireplace.", "A bedroom has a very antique look to it."]
["a computers keyboard and the bottom of an apple mouse", "A smart phone sitting in a charging cradle on top of a glass desk.", "This shows an innovative Apple device and a keyboard. ", "An I-phone sitting on a desk with a PC keyboard.", "This is an image of an apple device."]
["A laptop computer on a desk next to a computer monitor.", "Laptop sitting next to the computer monitor, keyboard, and tablet pad.", "A desktop computer and a laptop on a desk.", "a desk with a laptop and a computer monitor", "Computers and calendars set up on an office desk"]
["A bunch of computer equipment and cables all tangled together.", "Multiple electronic items in a pile with their cords tangled up.", "A printer is surrounded by computer keyboards, cords, and other equipment.  ", "Computer keyboards, a computer mouse and electronic equipment in a pile with wires.", "A pile of electronic wires and electronic parts."]
["ON THE DESK THERE IS A DESK TOP COMPUTER WITH A MOUSE", "A desktop computer monitor sitting above a keyboard.", "there is a not book and a desk top on this table", "A desk with a book, notebook, keyboard, monitor and a mouse on it. ", "A desk has a book and notebook on it for someone to complete their homework."]
["A computer is turned on with its mouse in a cluttered office area. ", "Piles of electronics and boxes in a home office", "a cluttered desk area with a monitor and keyboard", "A messy room filled with multiple computers and boxed toys. ", "A cluttered desk area with several computers, monitors and other computer equipment."]
["A chair with a pink blanket is sitting on a red floor.", "A living area with couch, cabinet and many windows.", "A couch on a red tile floor in a room with lots of windows.", "A couch and a table in a room.", "The couch in this room is covered with a sheet. "]
["A book shelf filled with lots of books.", "A wooden bench with cushions beside a built in bookcase.", "A bench in front of a bookshelf, filled with books near a table and window.", "Benches with cushions line a wall of bookshelves in a home library.", "A library with wooden shelves, tables and a bench with cushions. "]
["An all white room with cloths hanging and flowers ", "A chair and a bag in a room.", "White furniture with apparel and baggage with flowers", "A gold purse is hanging on a door knob.", "A display of a variety of female outfits, shoes, and handbags."]
["The keyboard and computer mouse are sitting on the desk.", "A mouse, mouse pad and a keyboard on a desk.", "An angle shot of a computer keyboard and a straight shot of a computer mouse.", "A computer desk with a mouse and mouse pad.", "A keyboard on top and a mouse on the bottom."]
["A computer mouse sitting next to a computer keyboard.", "Shot of a keyboard, a mousepad and a mouse.", "White computer mouse near a keyboard in the dark.", "A mouse and keyboard are depicted in a blurry and dimly lit photo.", "a comptuer mouse on a mousepad next to a keyboard"]
["a desk with a keyboard a mouse and a drawing pad", "A drawing of an anime girl is being used as a mousepad.", "Messy computer desk with sketch pad being used for mouse pad", "A drawing that is on top of a table.", "A mouse from a computer is sitting on a pad"]
["A man posing with a mouse and keyboard", "The man is behind the upturned keyboard using the mouse  as a monocle.", "A man is holding a computer keyboard and mouse.", "A hipster holding a computer mouse over their eye while kneeling before a keyboard.", "A man in a black cap is holding a computer mouse up to one of his eyes as he holds a computer keyboard in front of his face."]
["A living room has a couch, chair, fireplace, windows, and a potted plant.", "a living room with some lights on during the day ", "A living room that has a fireplace that is burning wood.", "a room showing living room and fire in it", "A living room has a glowing brick fireplace."]
["A room with a kitchen table and lots of wooden chairs.", "The room is empty and the walls are yellow.", "The dining room is painted yellow and has a table with chairs.", "a yellow room with a black table and chairs a lamp and a clock", "A table with chairs, a dresser drawer, a clock  and a couch chair are all in the same room."]
["A living room where people sit and talk and without a television.", "The living room is in a beautiful goldenrod color with a warm fireplace.", "An empty living room with the fire place going. ", "A living room with yellow walls, furniture and a lit fireplace. ", "A living area with sofa, couch and fireplace."]
["A room with a couch, chair and television.", "a messy living room with the television on.", "A living room with furniture in it, including a black couch and sofa table, shelf and TV", "Living area with two couches and a coffee table next to television.", "A dull living room holds several books and a small tv."]
["A young child has a cell phone up to their ear.", "A woman kneeling down near a little boy.", "A man holding a child while sitting on a ledge.", "a man a woman and a child wearing red shorts", "A woman and man tend to a young boy talking on a mobile phone. "]
["A living room with a sofa chair and television.", "A living room with photos, carvings, knick knacks and television", "a living room with a television, rug and sitting chair", "A TV sitting on top of a stand in a living room.", "A living area with a large television at the center."]
["A couch and a chair in a small living room.", "Home living room with brown walls with white trim, fireplace, and tan furnishings.", "A living room includes a beige sofa and a black fireplace.", "A living area with sofa, chair and a fireplace.", "a living room with a sectional couch, easy chair and glass desk covered in papers"]
["A boy preparing to fly a kite on a beach.", "A person standing on a hill about to fly a kite", "A young man in a large filed about to fly a kite.", "A person walking on a beach while holding a kite.", "Young man carrying orange kite walking over a hill during sun rise."]
["Children sitting on the floor decorating and putting together kites.", "little kid sitting down and trying to make kites ", "Two children are building paper kites with an adult.", "The kids is doing arts and crafts with each other.", "A group of kids seated on the floor with cello-tape and other items "]
["A man and a dog on the shore near water.", "a person standing on a beach wit ha dog", "Man in black shirt playing with a dog on a beach.", "an image of a man with a kite and a dog", "Man playing with his dog and a kite on a small, city beach"]
["A person wind surfing in a very large body of water.", "Someone surfing on the ocean with a sail.  ", "A person kite skiing in the blue ocean.", "A windsurfer gliding along the water surface way out in the ocean", "A water skier pulled along by a parachute."]
["Multiple people on a beach, some playing with kites.", "people at a beach watching what looks like kites flying in the air.", "A beach filled with people flying kites and sailing.", "People parasailing over the ocean while others enjoy the beach.", "People flying kites on a sandy beach next to the ocean."]
["A man standing over plates of food under a cloudy sky.", "A person that is standing with objects in their hands at the beach.", "A man is bent over a beach side picnic table near water.", "Man and woman sitting outside on the beach.", "The person holds a spatula over a plate of food. "]
["An antique living room with elegant looking furniture.", "The rooms in the house are empty of people.", "A view of a living room couch, windows, and mirror.", "A living area with a couch and dresser.", "A beautiful Victorian living room as seen through double french doors."]
["A kite with a skull on it flying in the air on a beach.", "People on a beach and a pirate kite.", "There is a kite flying in the sky", "A few people walking separately on the beach ", "A kite with a pirate symbol is hanging from a pole on a beach. "]
["Two people flying a kite in a green grass covered field.", "two people playing with a kite while standing in a field ", "Two people on a field during the day.", "Two men on a hill in the distance with clouds in the sky.", "Two people flying a kite on a field with clouds in the sky."]
["Two people flying a kite on a cloudy day.", "People in a field flying a kite with large clouds in the sky. ", "Two people flying a kite in a wide open space ", "A couple of people flying kites on top of a grass covered field.", "The two people are flying their kites on this cloudy day."]
["A wooden fireplace mantle topped with a wooden clock and a candle.", "A mantle with several decorative items arranged on it.", "A clock and a candle are sitting on top of a mantle.", "an image of knick knacks on a shelf", "A shelf holds a clock, candle, vase of shells, and a cat figure."]
["A man flying a colorful kite in a cloudy blue sky.", "a man looking at a kite in the blue sky with clouds", "a man in black looking at the snow", "A man is flying a multi colored kite in the air.", "A man looking up while he flies his kite in the air\n"]
["a person on the beach while playing with a kite ", "a person standing on the beach flying a kite", "A person standing on a sandy beach flying a kite.", "A person on the shore of the ocean flying a kite ", "Mountains and large rock formations can be seen while flying a kite on the beach"]
["a group of people on a field with a large kite", "A series of photos showing a giant colorful kite.", "People setting up a colorful circle in a field. ", "A big bunch of images of some people and a wheel in the grass.", "some people on some green grass flying a large kite"]
["A baseball batter holds his bat above his head. ", "a baseball player is raising a bat behind him", "Fans watch as a baseball player steps up to the plate.", "A man holding a baseball bat in front of a crowd.", "A baseball player holding a bat on top of a field."]
["a man that has a baseball bat in his hand", "a man is baseball bat in a field", "A batter at a baseball game who is ready to swing.", "A view of a baseball player up to bat and a catcher at a baseball game.", "A batter waiting for the pitcher to throw the baseball. "]
["A baseball player holding a baseball bat standing on home plate.", "A person holding a baseball bat getting ready to swing", "A baseball player is at bat waiting for the ball", "A baseball player taking a swing at a ball", "a baseball player batting up at home plate"]
["A group of men on a field playing baseball.", "A professional ball team with fans in the stands and they have Mastercard as a sponsor.", "A batter is preparing to swing at a baseball game.", "A baseball player standing next to a base holding a bat.", "A baseball game with team mates standing by the dugout and fans in the stands."]
["three small children near one another with stuffed animals ", "Two of the three small children are holding stuffed bears.", "3 children are outside and two have stuffed animals", "The young children are holding onto their teddy bears outside.", "Three toddlers standing in the grass holding stuffed animals."]
["Two small children holding onto teddy bears in the grass", "two children holding stuffef bears in their arms", "Two children hold teddy bears at a teddy bear event in the park.", "A little boy and a little girl each holding a stuffed animal bear.", "Two very young children carrying teddy bears in foreground, background is woman sitting on a table, as if running a collection drive, outdoors, grass area."]
["A pretty woman holding a child and a little girl.", "There is a woman holding a child with a stuffed animal.", "An older woman and little girl holding a stuffed animal.", "The little girl and woman are smiling with a hippo stuffed animal.", "A toddler is carrying a stuffed anmal while the adult holding her is smiling for the camera."]
["A woman with a teddy bear sitting at a booth outside.", "Woman at booth doe function with a teddy bear", "A person sits at a red table with a teddy bear.", "A woman sitting outside at a table with a teddy bear and sign on the table.", "a teddy bear that is sitting on a red table"]
["A young boy and girl holding stuffed animals in a park. ", "A boy with a green stuffed animal and a girl with a pink stuffed animal at a park.", "a young boy and young girl hold stuffed animals at a park", "Smiling children who are holding stuffed animals are at an outdoor event.", "A brother and sister hold stuffed animals. "]
["a little girl in pink holding onto a pink teddy bear", "A girl in a pink dress holding a pink bear", "Young girl with face painting holding pink stuffed teddy bear.", "A woman in striped shirt holding a teddy bear.", "A little girl in pink has her face painted as a pink mask and holds a pink Carebear."]
["a couple of kids are holding stuffed animals", "A man kneeling down next to two girls.", "Guy posing for picture with two cute little girls holding stuffed animals", "The young father is posing with his two children.", "a father and his two daughters which are holding stuffed animals"]
["A baseball player holding a bat on a field.", "A batter awaits a pitch in a baseball game.", "A baseball player is up to bat on the field.", "A baseball player stands in the batter's box awaiting the pitch.", "A baseball player is in position to swing a bat and hit a baseball."]
["A little boy playing with a toy sword in a park. ", "A boy with an excited look holding a baseball bat.", "A small child with a smile on it's face holding a sword.", "A young child in a field of grass holding a baseball bat.", "A boy holds a plastic sword in a park."]
["A little league team is practicing on a dirt lot.", "Kids out in a park baseball field playing a game", "A child with a bat standing at home plate waiting for the pitch from a pitching machine with his teammates in the field. ", "A group of children playing a game of baseball.", "A little league baseball team on the field, preparing for a play."]
["a man holding a bag watches a baseball game unfold ", "THERE IS A BASE BALL GAME GOING ON ", "A baseball player holding a bat on top of a field.", "The baseball player is up to bat at the stadium full of players.", "A man holding a baseball bat while waiting on a field."]
["Baseball player standing on diamond with bat raised.", "A baseball player holds his bat ready to swing", "A baseball player standing in to bat with a manager and the crowd in the background.", "A baseball player waiting to swing at a baseball game. ", "A baseball player at home plate ready to bat"]
["A BASEBALL PLAYER IS HOLDING A BAT ON THE FIELD", "A baseball player holding a bat while on the field.", "a baseball player holding a bat on a baseball diamond", "A person that's holding it back in a game.", "A helmeted baseball player carries his bat on the diamond."]
["A woman with ear protection on swings a bat.", "A young girl practices multitasking by listening to headphones as she readies to bat a baseball.", "A woman holding a baseball bat while wearing headphones.", "a close up of a person with a bat", "A woman is holding a baseball bat, with headphones on."]
["A person that is swinging a baseball bat.", "Person standing in the grass striking a baseball with a bat.", "A young man has just hit a baseball with the bat", "A person in the grass just hit a ball.", "a male in a blue shirt is hitting a ball"]
["A baseball player in batting stance on the diamond.", "A baseball player readies himself for a pitch.", "Home plate at a game showing the batter ready to swing, the catcher and umpire.", "a baseball player getting ready to hit the ball ", "A player getting ready to bat a baseball game."]
["The large crowd watches as a baseball batter gets ready to swing.", "A baseball player stands with his bat ready, while the umpire crouches down.", "A man holding a baseball bat while standing on a field.", "guys playing a base ball game in front of a crowd", "A baseball player getting ready to swing a bat at a baseball park as an audience watches."]
["A baseball player standing at home base with a bat.", "A baseball player up to bat during a baseball game.", "The batter is at the plate waiting for the pitch.", "A Baseball player seems to be getting ready for his time. ", "a man standing at home plate waiting to hit a ball"]
["a man at a baseball base with the catcher behind him", "a baseball player holding a baseball bat inside a stadium", "There is a baseball player at base with a bat ", "A baseball player is rubbing his foot on the ground and getting ready to bat.", "BASE BALL GAME WITH MAN AT BAT AND UMPIRE READY"]
["a baseball player swings a bat at a baseball ", "A man at home plate swinging a bat.", "Baseball player with a bat next to a baseball plate.", "A professional baseball player in the middle of a swing.", "A baseball player taking a swing at a ball"]
["A baseball player leans on a bat with his hand on his hip.", "A man in blue hat and jersey leaning on a baseball bat.", "a close up of a baseball player with a bat", "A baseball player waits impatiently in the outfield.", "A man in a baseball uniform leaning on a bat."]
["A man standing on a tennis court holding a tennis racquet.", "Guy standing back on one end of tennis court holding a racket", "A tennis player waits for the ball to be served.", "A man holding a raquett on a court.", "a person standing on a tennis court holding his tennis racket pointing down"]
["A pizza covered in veggies on a white plate sitting on a table.", "Here is a traditional Neapolitan pizza topped with spinach greens and mushrooms.", "a cheese pizza with mushrooms and olives ", "a pizza with red onions, mushrooms and spinach on a plate", "A close up of a pizza with spinach on it. "]
["A half eaten pizza muffin is sitting on a plate with others untouched.", "Foure pieces of english muffin style pizza on a plate with a beverage glass in front of it.", "Four small pizzas sit on a green plate.", "A close up of four mini pizzas on a plate.", "Four mini pizzas on a plate by a wine glass."]
["A tennis player in white is in action with the ball.", "A man is running to hit a tennis ball with a racquet.", "The player with the headband is hitting a tennis racket.", "A man hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racket . ", "A tennis player is about to hit the ball with his racket.  "]
["A women who is holding a tennis racket trying to hit a tennis ball.", "A female tennis player hitting a ball ", "a woman wearing all black is playing tennis", "a tennis player swinging a racket at a ball", "The woman is hitting the ball with a racket."]
["A woman standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A woman playing tennis on a clay court in a park.", "A female tennis player in action on the courts.", "A woman in black swinging back her tennis racket.", "A woman preparing to swing her tennis racquet at an incoming tennis ball."]
["Two people play tennis at night on a tennis court.", "Two tennis players compete in a court I a park with trees.", "Two tennis players enjoying a match at the park.", "Two people are playing tennis in a tennis court.", "A couple of people on a court playing tennis."]
["A pizza with meat served on a plate  with a beer", "A pizza sitting on top of a plate on a table.", "A person holding a knife and fork eating a pizza.", "A PIZZA IS FILL WITH BACON ON IT ", "A  pizza with cheese and meat being cut by a knife and fork."]
["A pizza covered in lots of cheese and toppings.", "A very large pizza with toppings sitting in front of a person.", "A large pizza that is burned in front a woman", "A charred pizza rests on a pedestal at a restaurant.", "A person sits across from a very large pizza."]
["A doll standing near a piece of pizza", "A view of an anime character eating a slice of pizza.", "A small female doll looks happily upon a piece of pizza on a plate.  ", "a female action figurine sitting on a table next to a glass of water and pizza", "A little blonde girl doll sitting in front of a white plate with a piece of pizza."]
["A pizza sitting on top of a white plate on a table.", "Small plate of a personal size pizza next to a beer bottle ", "A pizza sitting on a tray next to a beer.", "a pizza on a plate with a bottle of beer", "a fully baked pizza sitting on a table with a beer sitting next to it"]
["A man and a woman open a pizza box.", "A man in purple shirt opening a box of pizza.", "Adults looking at pizza in to go box on counter.", "a large pizza that is in a box", "A extra large pizza half pepperoni and half something else"]
["There are several people standing near a pizza.", "A group eating pizza set out on a wooden bar.", "a table that has a bunch of pizza on it", "A group of people who are standing in front of a pizza.", "A woman grabbing a slice of pizza from a pan."]
["a very large building that has a clock at the top", "This black and white photo shows a clock and ornate lighted sign.", "A clock in a tower shines in the night.", "a photograph of big ben and the current time", "The clock is mounted on the side of a building near skyscrapers."]
["A flower in a vase next to a window.", "A vase  with a red long stem rose in it.", "A window with a shear curtain and a vase with a flower is on the windowsill.", "there is a small green vase that has a flower in it", "A single tall flower in a green glass vase sitting on a windowsill."]
["A couple of laptop computers sitting on top of a desk.", "A home work station with two laptop computers on it.", "Two lap tops set up on a desk in front of a decorated wall.", "A computer desk with laptops on it with many photos on the wall behind it .", "A desk scene with two laptops and pictures on the wall."]
["A wood table topped with a laptop computer next to a couple of boxes.", "A laptop and some boxes on a table.", "A laptop sits on a table beside two boxes.", "A couple of white boxes near a laptop on a table.", "a couple of boxes sit next to a laptop"]
["A man sitting at a table in a kitchen with a laptop.", "There is a young man sitting at a table with two lap tops", "a guy sitting at the kitchen table with his lap top.", "A young man is posing for the camera while on his laptop. ", "A person sitting at a kitchen table in front of a laptop."]
["a webcam on a tripod near a laptop", "some kinda of medical equipment in a room", "A camera next to a laptop in front of blue cabinets.", "A laptop on a counter next to a tripod camera.", "a video camera sitting in front of a counter "]
["A close-up of the person using a laptop with an extra keyboard.", "A person uses an extra keyboard with their Apple laptop. ", "A laptop on a stand with an external keyboard connected.", "a desk with a laptop a keyboard and sticky notes", "A laptop with several post-it notes on it."]
["There is an empty cup of coffee next to a laptop and open book at a cafe. ", "An open laptop is on a table, with a cup and saucer, and a book to the left of the computer.", "An empty cup of coffee with a saucer and spoon.", "A cup on a plate next to a laptop.", "An open book, a mug of coffee and a laptop on a table"]
["A man with eyeglasses  working on a laptop computer", "a man using a laptop computer and a shelf of books", "a man using a small table to work on his Macbook ", "A man sitting in front of a white laptop computer.", "A man sitting on a chair working on a laptop."]
["there are two lap tops on a table and a cup", "Small personal computer sitting on a desk waiting for use.", "A desk with two open laptops and a coffee mug.", "Two laptops are next to a mug and another keyboard. ", "Two laptops and a travel mug on a desk"]
["A group of people at a table with computers and laptops.", "A group of people sitting at a table that has a bunch of lap tops on them.", "A group of people are in a large room filled with computers.", "A group of people sit at desks using computers.", "A group of people are all at a table lined with computers."]
["A clock hanging from the ceiling of a building.", "There is a clock hanging up by a sign that says 18.", "A clock sitting on a piece of metal out side.", "Big square clock hanging next to a sign with the number \"18\" on it.", "A clock is hanging from the ceiling at the station"]
["A computer is sitting on a desk with books.", "An open laptop sits in front of a bookshelf.", "A desk and bookshelf with a laptop computer, various books and a desk light.", "A cluttered desk with a laptop computer turned on.", "A computer is left on in front of a bookshelf"]
["The cat  walks deftly behind the vase of flowers set on the rug", "a cat is sneaking around a vase of flowers", "A cat standing next to a glass filled with flowers.", "A cat walking around a vase on a table.", "Great cat Walkingfern of a white base with different color flowers in it. "]
["A couple of men standing in front of a laptop computer.", "One man sitting and the other is standing while holding a conversation. ", "two men discussing something over there job ", "One man is showing another man a transcription.", "The man in blue appears to be assisting the gentleman in the black over the computer. "]
["Two men are discussing something next to a desk with a laptop.", "Man making an  explanation to another in front of computers on a bench.", "Two men looking at a piece of paper with a laptop in the background.", "A man sitting in front of a laptop is showing another man some notes.", "A couple of men standing in front of a table near a laptop computer."]
["A teddy bear with a ribbon and some sunglasses.", "A stuffed animal is shown with glasses on it.", "A teddy bear sitting in front of a box", "A stuffed animal sitting up near a book", "A brown bear wearing a pair of red glasses."]
["The computer screen has words type into a program interface.", "A web page displayed on a laptop screen.", "A projector screen with the image of a computer on it.", "Closeup of a compute monitor with words reading \"marvin the paranoid laptop.\"", "A human converses with Marvin the Paranoid Laptop."]
["there is a man with glasses sitting on the floor on a lap top", "Man sitting on the ground with laptop with people passing by. ", "A man sitting up against a wall next to two other people walking near an entrance.", "A man sitting on the floor with a laptop as others walk by.", "A man sitting on the floor against the wall with a laptop."]
["The teddy bear with the big paws is on display. ", "a stuffed brown bear sitting and looking towards the camera", "The teddy bear is brown and really cute.", "The stuffed bear has clear backpack straps on it.", "A teddy bear posed in a seated position."]
["Pink flowers displayed in a large glass jar.", "A glass jar filled with a bunch of white flowers", "An close up of some pink flowers in a glass bottle.", "A close up picture of a vase and flowers in the vase.", "A glass vase with white and pink flowers. "]
["A blue vase filled with an orange flower.", "A vase with a flower is standing on a surface.", "A blue vase holding an orange flower in it.", "A large orange flower sitting in a blue glass vase.", "A bright orange flower sits in a blue vase."]
["A man sitting at a table in front of a laptop computer.", "Two men sitting on opposite sides of a table looking at laptops.", "two males at a brown table two laptops and newspapers and glasses", "The two men are continuing to work on their project.", "Two men are seated at the table with their laptops."]
["two people standing very close to a microwave ", "Two girls that are looking closely at a microwave.", "Two young women are looking in a microwave oven.", "Two girls standing in a kitchen with their faces close to a microwave.", "two girls looking watching food cook in a microwave"]
["A flower arrangement is sitting in a black vase.", "A vase with flowers in front of a rock wall. ", "TALL FLOWERS IN A VASE NEXT TO A BRICK WALL ", "dried flowers extend from the opening of a black vase with a white brick wall in the background.", "A vase with hand crafted flowers placed in front of a stone wall"]
["a small room with a ladder fridge and microwave", "a mini refrigerator with a toaster oven on top", "A room with focus on a mini refrigerator, microwave and a toaster oven.", "These appliances constitute everything needed for any college student.", "A mini fridge with a small microwave is in this dorm room."]
["A kitchen that has wooden floors and a chrome refrigerator.", "A metallic refrigerator freezer sitting in a kitchen.", "Small work station situated next to a refrigerator.", "A home kitchen showing a desk area and the refrigerator ", "brown leather satchel placed on black marble counter"]
["A red and white cellphone sits on a white computer keyboard.", "A cell phone laying on top of a computer keyboard.", "Two electronic devices, one with a large keyboard, the other with a clock display.", "A phone is laying on a computer keyboard.", "A cell phone that is placed on top of a keyboard."]
["The contents of a bag sitting on top of a bed next to a bag.", "A note book and some candy on a blanket.", "A selection of travel supplies are set out on a bed.", "White bag with its contents sitting on top of a bed. ", "A bag, some candy, a notebook, picture, video camera and several other items are shown."]
["A nicely appointed country kitchen with no one in the room", "A kitchen is depicted decorated in the Victorian style.", "A beautiful old fashioned kitchen with modern renovations.", "A kitchen with an automatic dishwasher and window.", "A kitchen scene with wood floors and wood style cabinets."]
["a guy standing next to magician statue using his cell phone", "The young man uses his cell phone next to a wizard statue.", "a man is on the phone by a wizard statue", "A man holding a cell phone standing next to a statue and stairs.", "a person leaning near a a statue talking on a cell phone"]
["There are fruits in a blend and a carton of icecream next to it.", "Ice cream and a blender with strawberries in it.", "Fresh fruit and yogurt sit in and near a blender.", "Ingredients for a smoothie, including strawberries in a blender and Neapolitan ice cream.", "A blender with strawberries and a carton of ice cream beside it."]
["a number of people in uniform using cell phones", "two military members looking at their cell phones ", "A group of people standing in a room.", "Military officers check their electronic devices in a conference room.", "Uniformed people are using their cell phones in a crowded room."]
["A woman sitting at a desk with an older woman.", "Two women are woking on an assignment together.", "Two women are sitting at a wood desk.", "A woman and an elderly woman sitting at a desk together in a classroom setting with notebooks and pencils on the desk.", "Two women with glasses on sitting at a table with notebooks, pencils and a cell phone. "]
["A woman smiling with a cell phone in her hand. ", "a woman holding up a smart phone while smiling.", "A blonde woman is holding up her cell phone.", "a woman is holding up a phone and she is smiling", "A woman smiling while showing off her cell phone."]
["a close up of a person holding a really old cell phone", "Black man shows off old school gray cell phone", "A man is standing in a room holding an old cellphone", "a man displaying an old style of mobile phone", "A young man holding out a very old cell phone"]
["Four people are looking at a cell phone.", "Four young people watching a smartphone as they ride in an automobile.", "A man using his cellphone with three people looking on.", "A man is playing with his phone and his friends are watching him.", "A group of people watch as a man uses his cell phone."]
["A man in a suit and top hat talking on a phone.", "A large man in a top hat is on his phone by an old red ford.", "A man wearing a top hat is talking on a cell phone. ", "A man in a top hat and suit stands by an old ford firetruck.", "A man in a top hat and suit standing in front of an old truck talking on his cell phone."]
["A woman in pink looking at her phone", "A woman holding a cell phone looking at it.", "The woman in a pink sweater looks into her phone.", "A beautiful woman in a pink sweater using a smart phone.", "a person in a foyer holding  and looking at a cellular phone."]
["A person holding a phone and a lcd screen dial.", "A person holding a cell phone and land line phone in their hand.", "A persons hand holding a cell phone up.", "A artistic picture showing an old fashion handset for a phone and a cell phone.", "Someone has hooked an older headset phone to a cellphone. "]
["a man in red is sitting on a barrel ", "A man is sitting on a red barrel and talking on the phone.", "A person talks on a cell phone as they sit on a red barrel.", "The man is sitting on the metal barrel and talking on the cell phone.", "A man sitting on a barrel and talking on a cellular phone. "]
["A man sitting in front of a doorway holding a cell phone.", "a man sitting on the steps using his cell phone", "Man sitting on last step in front of door while holding his phone.", "A man uses his phone while sitting on the front step of his house", "a person sitting on steps with a cell phone "]
["A man holding a smart phone in his right hand.", "A cell phone showing the date and time on its display screen.", "A person using their cellphone. The time reads 13:04 on the clock.", "a man checking his smartphone for the time", "The LG cell phone shows a date of January 27, 2010."]
["A cell phone and a lighter are are next to a keyboard.", "A cellphone next to a lighter behind a keyboard. ", "small nokia cellphone next to a lighter on a desk", "A cell phone sitting next to a lighter near a keyboard.", "there is a lighter and a phone on a desk"]
["A man that is standing in the grass.", "a man standing in the grass and smiling for the camera ", "A guy is smiling while standing on the grass.", "A young man in a large open field.", "A man in front of a grassy field and path smiles"]
["A beautiful woman standing in a field on green grass.", "A woman standing in a grass field with a cell phone.", "A close of a woman standing in a field holding a cell phone.", "Young female holding a cell phone in a field. ", "A girl standing in a field, wearing a red sweater and a pair of blue jeans"]
["Their are phones from different manufactures on the table", "A table topped with five smart phones next to a pitcher.", "A row of smart mobile phone on a table.", "A few cell phones sitting on a table, in a row.", "A bunch of cellphones that are sitting on a table."]
["A woman takes a dish out of the oven proudly. ", "A lady holding a small dish that she just baked.", "A woman shows off a cake she has just baked.", "a woman holds a cake in her hands ", "A woman proudly displaying a freshly baked good."]
["A man holding a turkey he has just taken from the oven.", "A man posing with a cooked turkey in a pan.", "A man displays a roast turkey in a foil pan.", "The man is holding a roasted turkey in the kitchen.", "A man, wearing glasses, holds a pan of food with his ovenmits on. "]
["A wall mounted black oven next to a counter top.", "a kitchen with brown cabinets and a black and silver oven stove and microwave", "A kitchen has a free standing oven and a wall oven.", "A kitchen with black appliances and beautiful wood cabinets.", "A small extra oven in a wood cabinet kitchen"]
["a small opened refrigerator on the ground ", "A small open refrigerator on a hard concrete floor. ", "a mini refrigerator has its door sitting open", "A white refrigerator freezer sitting in a room.", "there is white fridge that is open "]
["a man reaching into the refrigerator in a kitchen", "A man reaches into the refrigerator in the kitchen. ", "A man getting something inside the refrigerator ", "An old guy in a kitchen reaching into a refrigerator.", "A man in a kitchen reaching for something in the refrigerator. "]
["A refridgerator with popular gaming characters on it", "a refrigerator in a kitchen with video game stickers ", "A refrigerator with Zelda and Mario images on the front", "A stainless steel fridge with video game stickers on it.", "A refrigerator with a Super Mario and Zelda magnet on it."]
["This photo includes a rusty primitive refrigerator against a wall.", "An old refrigerator amongst junk in a basement.", "A white refrigerator freezer covered in rust sitting in a kitchen.", "A rusted old refrigerator surrounded by boxes and junk.", "an old refridgerator standing next to a wall"]
["A man with goatee opening a fridge with shot from inside fridge.", "There is a man that is looking inside of the fridge", "A man leans inside a refrigerator door and examines the contents. ", "A man standing in front of a open refrigerator.", "A man looking into a refrigerator door for ingredients."]
["A boy tries a bicycle in front of a display stand.", "Two men and two children under a flap, and one of the men is mixing juice in a blender.", "A kid on a bike and several smiling onlookers under a tent.", "two children and two men at an outdoor vendor booth", "A smiling young girl stands next to a young boy on a bike."]
["There is a blender sitting on a counter next to a toaster oven.", "a glass blender on a kitchen counter with a toaster oven", "A picture of a blender sitting on a counter.", "a close up of an electric blender on a counter", "A blender sits on a counter next to a toaster."]
["Flowers are landscaped to make a design of a clock.", "Bushes arranged in the form of a clock.", "the shape of a clock is in the grass", "A large clock constructed of landscaping plants and flowers on a small rise.", "a clock made out of flowers on a hill."]
["A room full of guys and girls sitting a various tables, some have laptops and food. ", "a man sitting at a cafeteria table with his laptop and looking at his cell phone", "A couple of students sitting at a table finishing there lunches.", "A PICTURE OF MEN AT A TABLE ON LAPTOPS ", "these men are talking and using computers in public"]
["A leafless tree with the view of a clock tower in the distance", "A black and white photo of Big Ben on a cloudy day.", "A clock tower in shadow next to a bare tree.", "A large building with a tower and a clock.", "The Big Ben clock tower in the city of London England."]
["An old and complex clock is built into the side of a building.", "An interesting and old fashioned type of time piece on the wall.", "A large stone building with clocks on it", "A beautiful clock with brown and gold lining on the covering. ", "This is an interesting patterned clock on the side of a building."]
["A very tall white clock tower towering over a lake.", "A large clock tower overlooking the Canadian Flag and a waterway.", "View of tall lighthouse with big clocks on it's sides.", "A lake and trees and tall building and there is a flag.", "A tower with a clock situated in a harbor. "]
["A clock on display on a wall in the city.", "A clock between two archways on a castle", "The clock is above the arches in the dark.", "A clock above two pink colored stone arches ", "There is a clock on the wall between the two arches."]
["A clock has four faces on each side of an information booth.", "A building has a gold clock inside of it.", "A clock that is lit up at an information stand of some sort.", "A large golden clock sitting in the middle of a building.", "A large metallic clock in a large room."]
["A tall tower with a clock stands above a winter sky.", "There is a tree next to the clock tower.", "A large clock tower on a cloudy winter day. ", "There is a clock in the center of a tower.", "a tower that will have a large clock at the top"]
["Three clocks mounted on a wall display the time in New York, Paris and London.", "Three clocks on a wall, all with different times.", "Three clocks are on the wall in a room.", "A wall is shown with NY, Paris, and London time clocks.", "Three clocks on a concrete wall in a facility."]
["a very tall building with a clock on it", "A large stone building with a clock on it", "A tall building with a clock made on the outside of it. ", "THERE IS A CITY BUILDING TOWER CLOCK ON THE BUILDING ", "A large clock adorns this tower with a round ball at the top."]
["a person standing next to a table with many stuffed animals", "A table with various stuffed animals and a hamster cage.", "A woman stands in front of stuffed animals at a garage sale while a man bends over to pick something up.", "A woman stands in front of a table at a yard sale.", "An old woman is having a yard sale full of teddy bears. "]
["a man with a teddy hanging on his shirt", "A man with a one eyed teddy bear attached to his chest.", "A young man in a green shirt drinks a beer.", "A man smiling at a bar with a drink.", "a man standing in a building with a stuffed animal "]
["A girl with a stuffed animal is jumping on a trampoline.", "A girl with a happy look holding a teddy bear on a trampoline.", "A little girl standing on the trampoline with her stuffed animal. ", "there is a small girl holding a white stuffed toy ", "a small kid laughs while playing with a ball "]
["a child laying on the floor tithe a toy sucking her thumb", "An adorable little girl laying on top of a white teddy bear.", "A girl with her thumb in her mouth and a teddy bear under her.", "A little girl lays with her thumb in her mouth holding her toy.", "Little girl smiles at camera while laying down on a teddy bear"]
["A black-and-white photo of two teddy bears sitting on a piano.", "Black and white photo of teddy bears on counter next to photos.", "Two brown stuffed teddy bears sitting on a dresser.", "a boy and girl bear are sitting on a counter", "two finely dressed stuffed teddy bears sitting on top of a black mantle next to photos."]
["The Big Ben clock tower towering over the city of London.", "a big building with a clock inside of it ", "A tall building with a clock on the front and side of it", "A four sided clock sits on top of the tower.", "Big Ben is next door to an apartment building. "]
["A person is cutting an item of food. ", "A woman cuts through whatever food is on her plate.", "a table that has a plate of food on it", "a person about to cut a piece of cake. ", "A person sitting at a table with a meal in front of them."]
["A large clock is suspended from the ceiling of a narrow passage with metal bars on the side.", "a clock attached to the roof saying its almost 2pm", "A clock in the middle of a walkway telling the time. ", "Hanging clock in an enclosed travel station reading 1055", "A huge room with windows and a clock hanging from the ceiling. "]
["The clock is hanging from the side of a building.", "A clock that is also a store sign.", "A large metal wishbone hangs from the rustic old clock.", "A business sign with a clock attached to a brick building.", "A white clock that is on the side of a building."]
["An old monumental building with a clock and a statue on its wall.", "a large building with a clock built into the side", "An old tower has a clock built into it.", "A tall cathedral style building with a clock on top.", "Centuries old tower with a clock and topped with a cross."]
["A woman holding a wooden piece of art next to a laptop.", "a woman holding some green object with a bottle of water on the table", "A woman with a microphone holding an image.", "A woman is holding a piece of art and a microphone.", "A woman with a microphone holds a board with circle designs in front of crude tables."]
["A water jug used as a vase to hold flowers", "A pitcher that has been converted into a vase for flowers.", "Flowers are in a vase on top of a table under some pictures.", "A bouquet of flowers in a water jug on a post office box.", "A vase made out of a plastic jug with flowers in it."]
["A thin glass vase with a single red flower.", "a  big red beautiful rose in a glass vase", "a close up of a flower on a small vase ", "A large red flower is placed in a clear vase.", "a red rose that is coming out of a vase"]
["A yellow flowers stands in a small blue vase. ", "A pitiful looking dandelion in an antique looking vase.", "A blue vase filled with water and a yellow flower.", "A small blue vase containing a single flower.", "A sole yellow flower emerges from a blue vase."]
["A picture of some flowers that are on a table.", "A white and yellow flower arrangement is in a gold vase sitting on a dinner table.", "a vase on a table with many flowers inside", "White and yellow flowers in a yellow vase.", "A bouquet of flowers is artfully arranged in a vase."]
["Trio of roses ascending from a white table top canvass", "A flower arrangement with three red roses in a glass vase.", "A vase of flowers sits on a table.", "three red roses in a square green vase", "A green vase with red roses sitting on a table."]
["A vase of flowers sits on a table near a book.", "Flowers in a vase next to a window.", "A vase with flower on top of a table", "Red and white flowers are in a glass flower pot.", "Three pretty roses in a vase sitting next to a book on a table."]
["A single yellow rose in  a small glass vase", "The large yellow rose is in a clear glass.", "A wooden table holding a glass vase with a yellow flower in it.", "A flower that is sitting inside of a vase.", "The yellow rose is blooming at the height of the season."]
["a couple of giraffes that are knick knacks", "A display full of giraffe figurines are made of glass.", "Three items containing giraffes are displayed in a window.", "Three giraffe items in a glass window. ", "A pottery vessel in the form of a giraffe."]
["A baby sitting on the floor examining a toy.", "Children sitting on the floor playing with toys", "Young baby playing with infant toys on the floor.", "A child sits on the floor looking at a toy.", "A little boy playing with an orange toy."]
["A crowd of people near water cheering next to a float.", "People celebrating on the water in a boat parade.", "A large crowd of people gathered at a water event.", "A group of people standing around along the side of a body of water.", "A LOT OF PEOLE ARE ON THE RIVER HAVING FUN "]
["A pair of red scissors sitting on top of a piece of paper.", "On a table there is a sheet of paper, a cell phone, some thread, and a pair of scissors ", "Art project underway with scissors and phone to the side.", "A table with crafting supplies next to a cell phone.", "A pair of scissors, thread, construction paper and a cell phone."]
["A little girl holding a teddy bear in a field", "A toddler holding a teddy bear stands in front of a no trespassing sign in a thickly vegetated area.", "A toddler stands next to a No Trespassing sign.", "A girl with a teddy bear near a no trespassing sign.", "A baby girl holding a white teddy bear walking across a park."]
["A pastry and a cup of coffee on a plate set by a laptop.", "A plate with a donut and a coffee on it next to a laptop computer.", "There is coffee and a bagel on a table with flowers and a laptop.", "a laptop with a drink and a doughnut next to it", "a close up of a plate of food near a laptop"]
["A boy in white shirt and boy in red shirt at table with cereal.", "Two boys sit at a kitchen table eating cereal.", "A couple of young men sitting at a table having breakfast.", "Two young men are eating cereal at the table.", "Two people sit at the table and eat cereal."]
["a couple of men are at a table with food", "Two guys are sitting down at a table and one is holding a yellow napkin on his lap and a person in red is taking a picture of a plate of food.", "A woman near two sitting men is taking a picture of a bowl of food on the table. ", "A woman talking a picture of a plate of food on a table. ", "Three people at a table waiting to eat some food."]
["The food is in a plate with a burnt spoon on top of it.", "A red bowl and a red plate of food.", "three plates of food on a plate with a spoon", "A red breakfast plate with eggs and toast.", "A plate of food including bread and an egg."]
["A group of people sitting and eating together.", "People eating and having a conversation around a room full of people.", "A group of friends sitting down together sharing a meal.", "A group of people are sitting at a table eating food.", "Two men and a woman eating a meal together"]
["Different assortment of noodles and vegetables sitting in a pot and tray. ", "A pot of pasta cooking on the stove next to a tray", "A large pot of water and pasta sits on top of a stove.", "an image of food items on top of the stove", "A pot of noodles is being cooked with more ingredients beside it."]
["A plate of food sitting on a black tray", "A tray with a plate full of food, a drink and silverware.", "A black tray with some plates of food on it.", "there is a plate of broccoli, white rice and vegetables ", "Some coated meat is on a plate with rice and zucchini."]
["A group of four bowls sitting on top of a wooden table.", "Bowls on a table with meat and vegetables. ", "four plates of different kind of food sitting on a table", "A big spoon and four bowls of different delicious foods.", "Small bowls of different colored vegetables next to each other. "]
["a man smiling with shots and a plate of food on the table", "A young man is sitting in front of food and wine.", "Man in yellow shirt sitting on an outdoor balcony with food on table. ", "A man sitting at a table with a plate full of food and drinks.", "Table on deck set with snacks and filled glasses."]
["One glass of wine is full and one glass is empty.", "Two glasses of wine sitting on a table.", "Two cold glasses of Chardonnay on a wicker table.", "Two wine glasses that are sitting on a table.", "A table with one empty wine glass and another glass with wine in it. "]
["A man in glasses drinking from a wine glass", "A man in sunglasses is drinking from a wine glass.", "A man wearing sunglasses drinking wine from a wine glass.", "A man wearing sunglasses and drinking a glass of wine.", "A man wearing sunglasses drinks from the wine glass"]
["there is a police man that is talking to people ", "A uniformed man is talking to a large crowd.", "A man in a sheriff's uniform walking towards a crowd. ", "Many people standing on the side of the street with a cop saying something . ", "A police officer wearing a hat standing in front of people."]
["A group of people standing under an umbrella on the side of a street.", "A crowd has gathered around a vender with a colorful umbrella.", "People are standing near a building with a big umbrella.", "People clustered around a vendor on a street corner", "A group of people gather under an umbrella on a street corner. "]
["A group of bikers riding on the back of motorcycles.", "a motorcycle gang riding together going on a journey ", "An orange and a blue motorcycle with people on them next to each other.", "an image of group of people to motorcycles", "A group of people on motorcycles in a street."]
["A kitchen filled with bottles on it's counters and lots of counter space.", "A kitchen counter with a glass sitting on a saucer.", "A kitchen with a small window and wooden cabinets.", "A glass of water on a kitchen table.", "A kitchen with open style cabinets and a counter full of liquor bottles."]
["Metallic looking container sitting in front of a brick wall. ", "A metal urn in front of a brick wall.", "A metal container in front of a brick wall. ", "A large silver pot sitting on a counter next to a red brick wall.", "A metal urn sits on a stone shelf."]
["people that have their face painted holding a cell phone", "people in costume using a cell phone near one another ", "A group of people dressed as zombies stand in a park.", "Several people in zombie makeup while two look at a phone.", "A couple of performers are checking a mobile device."]
["A large two level bus near a tall structure.", "A red double decker bus on a street.", "A double decker bus in a parking lot.", "A double-decker bus with people sitting inside of it.", "A red and white double decker bus driving down a street."]
["A wooden table surrounded by two chairs near a kitchen counter.", "A nice looking dining table with some pretty flowers.", "The wooden table and chairs in near a kitchen counter.", "some flowers are in a vase on a table", "A counter and a table in a room."]
["It is a small kitchen with standard appliances.", "A basement utility room is a perfect place for a small stove", "The kitchen has a small sink and a miniature stove.", "There is a very small stove and sink in this kitchen", "A stove and sink in a small room."]
["A woman holding a piece of chocolate cake at a table.", "Two people are putting candles on a birthday cake. ", "A group of people around a chocolate cake with candles.", "Some people gathered at a table with a pretty cake.", "The group of people are getting ready to eat cake."]
["A kitchen view of a dining table with a bowl with bananas.", "a well maintained home, that you can tell if filled with love and care", "A table topped with two loafs of bread and vegetables.", "a wooden table with a basket some flowers and a shelf with pots behind it", "Food sitting on a wooden table with decor in the background."]
["A center island in a kitchen covered in a fan.", "A kitchen painted white with a metallic refrigerator.  ", "Clean ultra modern kitchen with island and hood.", "A white kitchen with stainless steel appliances and stove hood.", "The kitchen is has a stainless steal refrigerator. "]
["Lots of people stand in a busy kitchen.", "A family cooking and posing in front of a camera in their open kitchen.", "A group of people doing different things in a kitchen. ", "Several people are shown standing in a kitchen.", "Group of adults in kitchen area of home with wood flooring."]
["A woman uses a paintbrush on a melting candle.", "Someone cooking drugs in a spoon over a candle", "A candle overflows wax onto a table while heating a spoon.", "A person is melting silver over a candle stick.", "A person heats metal in a spoon over a candle at a kitchen table."]
["The large room has a kitchen and a living space in it.", "A modern kitchen and dining area are shown.", "A kitchen with a center island with a stove top oven.", "A view of a kitchen that appears to be very large.", "A modern kitchen has large and clear counter space."]
["A kid standing there looking at his snowboard on the snow covered walkway. ", "A person standing in the snow with a snowboard.", "a little boy snow boarding in the snow by his self", "A person standing over a snowboard in the snow.", "A boy stands in front of a skateboard in a yard covered in snow."]
["A black refrigerator freezer sitting next to a dishwasher.", "A large kitchen has a refrigerator with magnets.", "Plates on display above cabinetry work in modern kitchen.", "The kitchen has beige walls and floor and oak woodwork.", "brown cabinets in a kitchen with black appliances "]
["A person in a kitchen looking at the oven.", "A woman In the kitchen opening her oven.", "A woman in a purple top pulling food out of a oven", "A woman is at her oven in a lime green kitchen.", "A woman checking an oven in a kitchen with green cabinets."]
["A young man in a sweat shirt is standing on a wooden walkway.", "a person riding a skate board on a wooden sidewalk", "A man skateboarding across a small wooden bridge. ", "A man is riding a skateboard across a bridge.", "A boy riding his skateboard down the wooden deck. "]
["The young boy is doing tricks on his skateboard. ", "A kid on his skate board performing a trick on a bench.", "A man riding a skateboard on a bench near some trees.", "A boy jumping up over a bench on a skateboard.", "a person riding a skate board on a ledge"]
["a person riding a skate board on a city street", "A young man riding a skateboard down the middle of a street.", "A man in grey shirt riding a skateboard on a street.", "A man on a skateboard that is on the sidewalk.", "A young boy standing on his skateboard on the road. "]
["The authentic Midwestern kitchen has elements similar to a  pottery studio.", "An ancient burnt stove on display in a museum.", "The wall and the stove are burned in the old kitchen. ", "An old kitchen exhibit in a museum depicting a stove and work area.", "a kitchen with different types of pots in it"]
["A skateboarder is riding his skateboard at night.", "A young man riding a skateboard on a street.", "A skateboarder wearing a plaid shirt and jeans.", "A skate boarder at night prepairing to skate away.", "A man who is riding on a skateboard."]
["an image of a kitchen setting with ceramic backsplash\n", "A kitchen with a dishwasher, stove and cabinets.", "A kitchen with clean counter tops and a window.", "The kitchen with the spacious blue counters is clean. ", "A kitchen with a large amount of blue marble counter space."]
["a couple of people walking with their surfboards at the beach", "A group of people walking ton top of a wet beach with surfboards.", "A group of people carrying surfboards on shore next to rocks.", "a group of people walking on a beach with surf boards ", "four people in wet suits carrying surf boards "]
["A woman in a scarf cooks using a huge ladel", "A woman cooks in a large black skillet.", "A person with a scarf cooking with a wok", "A woman standing in a kitchen cooking food in a frying pan.", "A woman cooking in a wok while wearing a scarf."]
["The men are in the kitchen preparing the meal.", "A chef in a kitchen preparing vegetables for meals", "A man in a hat is preparing food in a commercial kitchen.", "A worker chopping up bell peppers in a kitchen.", "The chef is cutting bell peppers on a green cutting board."]
["A kitchen area with a sink, refrigerator and stove.", "A clean bright kitchen with a refrigerator and sink.", "A kitchen with a refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker, sink and a blender.", "A large kitchen with a metallic refrigerator freezer next to a   microwave.", "The interior of a kitchen and dining room."]
["A kitchen with an oven, stove , sink, microwave and refrigerator.", "Modern brightly lit kitchen of residential home area.", "a kitchen with a stove a sink and a refrigerator", "A home kitchen with refrigerator, range, sink and breakfast counter.", "A kitchen with white appliances and tile flooring"]
["A kitchen that has various stainless steel appliances.", "Silver appliances sitting in a kitchen with wooden cabinets in it. ", "The microwave above the stove is built near wooden cabinets.", "a kitchen with a refrigerator a sink a stove and microwave ", "This is a beautiful kitchen in a nice house."]
["A kitchen area with bar, stove and refrigerator.", "a kitchen with a long counter with chairs beside it ", "Kitchen with wooden cabinets and granite countertops. ", "A big and clean dining hall with three chairs.", "This kitchen has stainless steel appliances and granite countertops."]
["a sink and an oven in a kitchen", "a double sink dishwasher stove and microwave and nice cabinets ", "kitchen with wooden cabinets and stainless steel appliences", "A kitchen with a metallic stove top over under a microwave.", "The large kitchen has a stove, and a dual sink on the counter. "]
["A kitchen with metallic appliances and wooden cabinets.", "a kitchen that has a stove in it", "A kitchen and a living room behind it.", "A well modeled kitchen open to a living room.", "Pristine kitchen with luxury amenities and living room in back."]
["A kitchen is shown with wooden cabinets and a wooden celling.", "A recently remodeled kitchen with marble and wooden furnishings.", "Well kept kitchen with marble counter tops and stainless steel fridge", "A beautiful new kitchen with natural wood cabinets.", "A neat, wood filled kitchen is photographed as if for a real estate ad."]
["A female wearing winter clothing standing next to a tent inside an unfinished building.", "a girl that is standing next to a tent", "a woman standing in front of a tent ", "A person stands between two tents set up inside of a cabin.", "a woman in an orange jacket standing near a jacket"]
["Heavily loaded green truck with passengers on back in roadway in urban area.", "Men and supplies are piled high in the back of a truck.", "Several people are riding on top of an overloaded truck.", "pickup truck with people and possessions in the back", "A green truck with a bunch of junk in the back with people sitting on top."]
["A white kitchen filled with a refrigerator freezer.", "a kitchen with a refrigerator a sink and a microwave", "A kitchen with white cabinets and a wood floor.", "An old, small, white, wooden kitchen with a microwave on the counter", "All white kitchen and appliances in a narrow space."]
["A man mixing food in a bowl behind a girl who is reaching into another bowl in a kitchen.", "A young girl reaches her hand into a white bowl.", "A little girl pretending to mix the contents of a large bowl.", "a girl reaches into a large bowl for ceral", "A girl sticking her hand in a large bowl."]
["A young soldier has his picture taken with a young lady with an open jacket and brazier showing.", "Two cosplaying people pose for a photo ", "A happy couple is shown with a man in uniform.", " A soldier standing next to a woman with very beautiful large breast.", "A man and a woman dress up in costumes."]
["A lit fireplace with decorative items on the mantle and a portrait above it.", "A fireplace with a mantle over it holding trinkets", "a clock on a fire place with a picture above", "A clock and ornaments are sitting on top of a fireplace mantle.", "View of a fireplace with picture hanging above and clock on top"]
["This is the view of a kitchen stove, kitchen sink, counter, and cabinets. ", "A wooden kitchen center island with a rug in front of it.", "The sink is on the island of a large kitchen.", "a kitchen wih a stove a sink and a counter", "A kitchen with a sink, stove, flower vase and wine rack."]
["a man with a bike at a marina", "A man stands next to his bike at the marina.", "an old man standing next to a bike and a chain fence.", "A man holding some break standing by a bicycle.", "A man who is standing next to his bicycle."]
["Bikes lined up at a bike stop with an advertisement near by that says \"your butts\"\n", "A few bikes are arranged by a bike lock", "Two bikes are chained to bike racks on a city street", "Two bicycles locked into bike parking stands on a sidewalk.", "A pair of bicycles are parked in a designated area."]
["A couple of men standing around and riding bikes.", "Some people with bikes near a big building.", "An office complex with people on their bikes ", "People on bikes wearing yellow vest stand in the corner.", "a couple of people on bikes are talking on a platform"]
["A bathroom with a walk in shower next to a toilet.", "A large shower with glass doors surrounding it", "A fancy bathroom with a stand up shower.", "A bathroom with white walls and a separate glass enclosed shower.", "an image of a bathroom setting with a glass shower"]
["a gray cat is seen laying on top of a blue tube", "The cat sits in the basket of a bicyclist.", "A gray cat sits over the edge of a basket.", "A cat sits in a basket with a person standing behind. ", "A cat that is laying down on a hose."]
["A bathroom with a bathtub, separate shower, sink, cabinets and mirror.", "A bathroom with a colorful rug, white towels, and a picture on the wall.", "Residential bathroom with artwork on walls and large floor mat..", "A bathroom that has a white bathtub and a wood vanity.", "a bathroom with a sink and a toilet"]
["a bathroom with a toilet and a bath tub", "A small white bathroom with a white bathmat.", "This is a white bathroom that has a clear glass shower door, a toilet,toilet paper, and a white towel slung over the tub wall.", "A small bathroom with a white toilet sitting next to a bath tub.", "A bathroom has a towel hanging on the tub."]
["A bath caddy is stuffed with all the amenities for teeth care.", "A bathroom with a toothbrush holder with multiple items inside", "A holder with toothbrushes, toothpaste, make-up and earrings.", "Toothpaste and other toiletries in a plastic bathroom caddy.", "A container holding oral hygiene products hanging on a mirror. "]
["a bath room with its door open and light on", "A modern bathroom with a toilet and sink area.", "The view of a restroom toilet, and sink area.", "A white toilet sitting next to a bathroom sink.", "Residential bathroom with modern design and tile floor."]
["A very clean and tidy bathroom sits empty. ", "a gold tiled bathroom with yellow flowers on the back of the toilet", "A white toilet sitting next to a white bath tub.", "A very nicely decorated, clean bathroom with white towels. ", "The bathroom glows with golden pain and color."]
["some people bicycles sunglasses cars and some buildings", "a bunch of bikes sit inside of a store ", "a retail shop filled with all kinds of bicycles and a window", "Bike shop inside with many prospective buyers also", "a bike shop with various bikes in it"]
["A bathroom with a white bath tub and two sinks.", "A spacious bathroom with two sinks and a claw foot tub. ", "The lovely bathroom has two sinks, a tub, and a stall shower.", "a brick wall in a large home bathroom", "A bathroom furnished with two sinks, a bathtub, shower, and cabinet."]
["A group of people on bicycles huddled together.", "Several people on bicycles standing with the bicycles in front of a store.", "a group of people on bikes sit parked ", "A group of people riding bikes down a sidewalk.", "A group of people who are riding bicycles."]
["A toilet in a bathroom suspended in the air", "A white toilet hanging off the side of a wall.", "The toilet seat is up, but the bathroom appears pretty clean.", "a small bathroom with a sink and a toilet the toilet lid is raised.", "The bathroom is clean and ready for us to use. "]
["A very small white bathroom with some sort of electronic apparatus beside the commode. ", "A bathroom with a sink between a toilet and a bathtub.", "Picture of a bathroom with raised seat toilet, sink, shower and dirty white towels.", "A toilet bowl with buttons next to a shower", "A bathroom that has a toilet with buttons."]
["A white toilet with its seat up, and a roll of toilet paper", "A bathroom with a toilet and standup shower.", "A very clean toilet with the lid up next to toilet paper. ", "Someone left the toilet seat up in the bathroom.", "A floating toilet has the seat up next to a toilet paper holder in a bathroom."]
["A bathroom with a sink, toilet and bathtub.", "A restroom with wood paneling on the wall ", "A large bathroom has a tiny window and a tub and toilet and sink and mirror.", "Wood bathroom with white porcelain fixtures and dark wood accents", "A bathroom showing a tub, toilet and sink."]
["Extremely modern bathroom renovation with wood and porcelain", "A large wooden bathroom with a white tub and a doorway.", "The modern bathroom is worthy of being photographed.", "The wooden sauna has a white sink and a sitting stool.", "A BATHROOM WITH A TUB AND SHADES ON WOODEN FLOORS"]
["A bathroom with a white toilet next to a shower.", "A bathroom with a large green plant growing on the wall.", "A bathroom that has some plants growing in it.", "A large wall of greenery is featured in a gray bathroom.", "Leaves that are hanging on the side of a wall."]
["A bathroom with a standing shower next to a sink and mirror.", "Large tiled shower area next to modern sink in bathroom.", "a shower with no wall in a bathroom", "A bathroom with a view of a standing shower.", "Inside of a bathroom with a shower and sink."]
["A small empty bathroom with brown painted walls", "A white toilet in a very small room.", "Toilet with black walls and cream flooring with photo", "A white toilet is next to dark brown walls.", "A picture of a water closet with just a toilet. "]
["A bathroom sink sitting under a bathroom mirror.", "A fogged up bathroom mirror over a sink showing the shower.", "there are two cups in front of the bathroom mirror", "The two cups are sitting in front of the mirror.", "A mirror that is slightly fogged and a sink. "]
["A bathroom with a raised sink and a mirror.", "A bathroom has an above the counter sink and mirror.", "a bathroom with a sink, a mirror and toiletries on the sink counter.", "a bathroom with a sink a mirror and drawers", "A washer and a mirror in a room."]
["Photo of a white towel, plunger and a wall air freshener.", "A toilet with a soap dispenser above it.", "A bathroom area with toilet, plunger, trashcan and cleaner. ", "A toilet in a bathroom next to a plunger and trash can.", "A bathroom with a toilet and a plunger and garbage can."]
["Someone taking a slefie with a large camera in a large mirror.", "A man taking a picture into a mirror.", "Man in black jacket taking a photograph in a mirror.", "A man is standing outside a bathroom taking a picture in the mirror", "A man taking a photo of a mirror."]
["A news paper sitting on a floor next to a toilet.", "A piece of newspapers spread on the floor near a toilet.", "A single page of comic section near a dirty toilet. ", "A bathroom area with tiled floor and toilet.", "A comics page from the paper lies on the floor of a bathroom stall. "]
["A bathroom with a bath tub, toilet and different designed light beige tile.", "there is a large tub and the walls are all tile", "A white bath tub sitting next to a white toilet.", "A very big tub in a nicely tiled rest room.", "A bathroom with a toilet and sink, nicely tiled."]
["A room filled with a tub, sink and toilet.", "An empty and clean bathroom shown in daylight.", "A tiled bathroom with a glass walk in shower.", "A brown tiled bathroom with a large bath and shower.", "A small bathroom, including a commode, shower, and bath mats."]
["A man is taking a picture of his bathroom sink.", "a man taking a picture in the mirror of him self", "a boy is looking at his cellphone in a bathroom", "A man is in the bathroom holding a camera.", "a man taking a picture of himself in a mirror"]
["four urinals in a public restroom with a window", "A bathroom with four urinals on the wall.", "An old bathroom with a row of urinals.", "A row of urinals in with an open window above them.", "A row of urinals stand beneath a open window."]
["Two cats are shown sitting on a toilet.", "Pair of cats sitting on commode in bathroom of residence.", "Two cats are in the bathroom sitting on the toilet.", "two cats are sitting on the toilet of the bathroom", "A couple of cats sitting on top of a white toilet."]
["A white toilet in a bathroom next to a white sink.", "A sink and a toilet in a bathroom. ", "Public restroom with white toilet and white sink on a black tile floor.", "The interior of a bathroom including a toilet and sink.", "A public restroom that is kept clean for it's customers. "]
["The bathroom has wood trim and white furniture.", "a small white toilet in a white tiled bathroom", "A toilet has two rolls of toilet paper on top of it.", "Two rolls of toilet paper are stacked on the back of the toilet. ", "a toilet sits with toilet paper on it"]
["A sink, soap, toilet and a mirror ", "A urinal and sink are positioned side by side in a small public bathroom.", "A white sink sitting next to a white urinal.", "A bathroom sink with soap on it and a urinal beside it.", "A small public restroom with a white sink and urinal."]
["A bathroom with a walk in shower and a white bath tub.", "The bathroom is very clean and also empty.", "a bathroom with a sink and mirror and shower", "a tan bathroom a red shower curtain a mirror tub shower and sink", "A typical residential bathroom with shower, tub and sinks"]
["There is a tub, a sink, and a shower inside a bathroom.", "a bathroom with a round tub, mirrors, shower and sinks", "A couple of sinks and a bath in a room.", "A bathroom with shower, sinks, and tub in it.", "A corner bathtub in a very clean bathroom."]
["Bathroom with a large  marble tub and marble floor.", "A bathroom with a double sink and large bathtub.", "A bathroom with bathtub, shower stall and dual vanity sinks.", "A master bathroom with a round bathtub in the corner.", "A modern bathroom features a tub, shower, and double sinks."]
["A bathroom has a floating toilet and sink and a walk-in shower.", "A large looking bathroom has a wall toilet.", "A restroom with a toilet hanging from the wall.", "Bathroom shower and toilet overlooking an outside garden. ", "A bathroom with a wall mounted white toilet and a large window."]
["A small toilet rests in a dark colored bathroom.", "a white sink and toilet in a wood floored bathroom", "a bathroom with wooden walls and wooden floors", "A bathroom with a wood ceiling and wood floor.", "White toilet sitting in a bathroom with a red wood. "]
["A white sink sits on a beige vanity in this uninspiring bathroom. ", "A white bathroom sink under a mirror next to a shelf.", "A bathroom sink with a tile design on the vanity.", "The small sink is set in a tile vanity.", "White bathroom sink with tile countertop and wood cabinet."]
["THREE BLUE UTILITY SINKS AND TWO WHITE REGULAR SINKS", "A public bathroom area that has two white sinks on the wall and two large blue sink basins at the end of the wall.", "Blue and white wall mounted sinks in a restroom.", "A line of sinks in a locker room. ", "A row of sinks are against the wall in a public bathroom."]
["some people riding some bikes right by some boats ", "A group of people riding bikes down a sidewalk near a train.", "A bunch of bicyclists are traveling down the road. ", "a group of people on bikes ride own an alley", "a line of bicycle riders in bright shirts biking down a sidewalk"]
["A person's reflection is shown in the bathroom mirror they are photographing.", "White bathroom with photographer in the mirror reflection.", "Someone taking a photo of a small residential bathroom", "The bathroom door is wide open and the picture is taken ", "A guy takes a picture of an empty bathroom. "]
["A crowded city street filled with traffic at night.", "A sunset lit sky with traffic with street light.", "A group of cars stopped at a  stop light.", "There is a lot of traffic backed up on the busy road. ", "A bunch of cars sitting at a red traffic light"]
["A bathroom contains a toilet, a sink and a bathtub.", "This is a picture of a bathroom in someones home. ", "A small bathroom with a glass shower. ", "A modern bathroom with a clear shower and floating fixtures design.", "A bathroom with a toilet and sink attached to the wall."]
["A tiled shower, molded plastic bathtub, shelf, mirror, wooden vanity, lamp, and sink make up a beige colored bathroom.", "a bathroom decorated with some shelves and with a seperate bathtub and shower", "A bathroom with a separate tub and shower", "A bathroom with a shower and tub and metal towel rack", "View of three pieces of a bathroom in tons of beige."]
["A set of three wall mounted urinals with pictures of men on top of them.", "an image of urinals with characters behind them", "Amusing photo toppers of men in a public urinal", "Three urinals with goofy card board cut out men behind them.", "In a men's bathroom, there are photos of men over the urinals. "]
["A white car with chrome rims parked next to an older lady.", "A white car parked in the street during the day. ", "An elderly woman standing by a white sedan, ", "A man on a cell phone by a car on the street ", "a lady standing next to a white car"]
["A shower and a white toilet in a small bathroom.", "A bathroom that has a glass shower door.", "a bathroom with a toilet and a sink and a shower", "a bathroom with a glass shower and white toilet", "A bathroom with a toilet, shower stall, sink and a mirror."]
["A lady with a flower in her hair taking of picture of herself in a mirror.", "woman taking picture of herself in the mirror", " woman takes a picture of herself in a mirror.", "a woman taking a selfie in the bathroom while using a regular camera ", "A lady with camera takes a picture on a mirror"]
["A black cat sitting on top of a wooden fence.", "A cat on a patio looking at a car.", "The black cat is sitting on the fence railing above a car. ", "A black cat sits on a wooden porch rail", "A black cat is sitting on a ledge looking at a car."]
["an orange and white cat is sitting under a car", "A cat laying on the pavement in front of a house.  ", "A cat lays on the concrete and looks underneath an object.", "A cat lying down on the road next to a car.", "this is an image of a cat under a car."]
["A white dog sitting inside a red car next to a string of flowers hanging off the mirror.", "A small white dog inside of a red car.", "A blissful dog laying against a windscreen of a car", "a dog that  is sitting in a red car", "A white dog sitting in the front seat of a red car."]
["A brown and white dog on street next to a blue car.", "A dog is standing on the street next to a car.", "A cute golden dog is standing in the street.", "A dog stands in the middle of a road.", "light brown cocker spaniel dog howling in street"]
["Two big dogs ride beside one another on the same vehicle seat.", "Two adorable dogs sitting in the back seat of a car.", "Two dogs in the back of a car looking out the window. ", "Two dogs in the back seat looking out the windows.", "Two dogs sitting in the back seat of a car looking out the windwo"]
["Cars parked and driving in front of a school.", "A clock on the outside of a building with vehicles parked. ", "A white and black clock on the front of a building", "Several cars parked in front of building with a clock on it.", "Several cars are parked in front of the building."]
["a black toilet some toilet paper and brown tiles", "a toilet sitting on a tiled floor in enclosed bathroom stall", "A toilet sitting in a stall on tile.", "A toilet that is has been colored black.", "Black colored commode in bathroom with modern tiling."]
["A car covered in various empty toothpaste tubes.", "The bed of a truck with empty tubes of toothpaste applied to the back and sides, and full of foodstuff and other things.", "A car that has many bottles of toothpaste on it.", "A car is decorated with empty tooth past bottles, dentures, and newspaper.", "A car completely covered by bits of trash in an artistic manner."]
["A person riding a motorcycle down the street.", "A man riding a motorcycle on top of a hill on a street.", "A person sitting on a motorcycle with buildings in the background", "A man riding a motorcycle on a highway with no other traffic.", "A man riding a motorcycle in street next to trees."]
["A small child is sitting on a toilet with an electronic device.", "a little kid that is sitting on a toilet", "A young child sitting on a toilet holding a smart device.", "A little boy is sitting on the toilet and playing a game.", "A child looking at something while on the toilet seat. "]
["Pair of motorcycle riders about to drive on road", "Two people wearing helmets on a yellow motorbike in front of a brown gate, beside a wooded area with trees.", "Two people on the back of a motorcycle with helmets.", "Two people with helmets sitting on a yellow motorcycle. ", "Two people wearing helmets on a yellow motorcycle."]
["A young child plunging a toilet with a plunger.", "A little girl trying to plunge a toilet bowl", "A little girl uses a plunger in the toilet.", "a small child with a plunger in a toilet", "A small child plunging a toilet in a bathroom."]
["A man and woman riding on the back of a motorcycle.", "A woman taking a photo over the shoulder of a man on a bike.", "Two people on a motorcycle with tone taking a photo", "A man driving a motorcycle with a woman holding a cell phone.", "Two people riding a motorcycle near a group of people."]
["Motorcyclists and a bicycle are parked on a yard.", "A couple people on motocross bikes, and a couple other people standing around.", "Three people on motorcycles stopped in a parking lot.", "Several people sitting on motorcycles that are not in motion.", "A group of bikers riding motorcycles on a dirt lot."]
["A man with  a green hat, glasses, an Oregon State t-shirt, and blue jeans sits on a closed toilet.", "Man in glasses and a cap sitting on the toilet", "A smiling clothed man sitting on a toilet.", "A man with a hat sitting on a toilet", "a man sitting on a toilet with his pant up"]
["a tall clock tower with a sky background ", "The clock tower is below the spire of a large building. ", "The tower of a building with a clock on it.", "The church tower has a clock in it.", "A tall church tower has a clock on it."]
["A building with a black and gold clock on it.", "A large clock towers next to a forest filled with green trees.", "A clock is shown on the top of a building.", "A large church clock above a church door on a tower.", "A castle displays the time on a clock tower."]
["A pink bathroom with hello kitty towels and curtains", "Pink bathroom interior with hello kitty decorations and an open toilet.", "A bathroom that is painted pink with other bathroom accessories. ", "Bathroom with pink walls and blue shower curtain. ", "A pink bathroom with hello kitty towel and curtain."]
["A parked motorcycle sitting next to a store front.", "A motorcycle parked on the sidewalk in front of a store. ", "A very bright colored motorcycle parked on a sidewalk.", "A green and yellow motorcycle is parked in front of some stores.", "There is a multi colored motorcycle parked in front of stores"]
["A colorful checkered motorcycle parked along the street.", "A parked motorcycle that has a green and yellow graphic paint job. ", "A motorcycle with helmet parked on the street next to a sidewalk.", "The sport bike is parked in front of a wall.", "A motorcycle has a paint design in green."]
["A horse-drawn carriage moves past a historical building.", "A horse drawn carriage in a historic city. ", "The horse drawn carriage rides down the street near two large buildings. ", "European city with older stone structures and busy street.", "A horse drawn cart is driving down the road."]
["A kitten eating food out of a dish on the kitchen floor.", "A kitten is eating cat food from its dish.", "A cat that is eating some food on the ground.", "Black and white cat eating from a bowl. ", "a cat eats out of their food bowl dramaticly"]
["a squat toilet inside of a small stall.", "A toilet sits in the middle of the floor of the stall", "There is a hole in the floor that appears to be for urination.", "A stall with a urinal and green tiles on the wall.", "A white standing toilet sitting in a tiled stall."]
["A middle aged man standing next to a parked motorcycle", "A man is standing next to his motorcycle on the street.", "A man standing next to a black and white motorcycle.", "A hipster standing behind a motorcycle in front of a building.", "The young man is posing outside his house, next to his awesome motorcycle."]
["two cats sitting side by side eating out of a dish", "Two cats are eating out of different bowls.", "Two cats eating from bowls on the floor of a living room", "Two kitties are eating from their bowls in front of the videos.", "A couple of cats on a table eating food."]
["A cubicle desk with two laptops on it. ", "Two monitors and keyboards on the table in a room. ", "Two computers, a phone, books, and paper on an office desk.", "A cubicle with a desk and two computers on it.", "A cubicle with both a Mac computer and a Windows based computer"]
["A blue double decker bus pulling into a bus station.", "A bus station with glass entry doors and roof.", "The entrance to a location that reads \"Norwich Bus Station.\"", "The outside of a bus station is fairly empty.", "The front entrance to a bus station in Norwich."]
["A couple browsing the motorcycles for sale outside", "Man and woman in parking lot full of motorcycles.", "A male and female standing among motorcycles in front of a bar.", "Man and woman standing between motorcycles for sale.", "A man and a woman standing by motorcycles outside a bar."]
["Black motorcycle sitting outside a wooden door on bricks. ", "A black and chrome motorcycle parked beside a brick and stone building. ", "A motorcycle is parked in front of a doorway.", "A black motorcycle is next to a brick building.", "A motorcycle sits near a door on a walkway"]
["A bus is driving down one side of the street. ", "Two double decker buses are in traffic with people on the sidewalk.", "A bus that is riding in the street.", "The city buses are stuck in traffic on the main road. ", "I am unable to see the image above."]
["A cute kitten is sitting in a dish on a table.", "A small white cat on a large bowl.", "A small kitten is sitting in a bowl. ", "A cat is curled up in a bowl", "A kitten is sitting in a bowl on a table."]
["Old motor bike sitting on display in a museum. ", "An army green moped is mounted on some bricks.", "A nice motor scooter is sitting in place with people in the background. ", "A sleekly designed retro motorcycle sits in a showroom. ", "A green motor scooter parked in a museum in a display case."]
["A yellow and green checkered motorcycle parked in front of a store window.", "A green and yellow motorcycle parked in front of a store.", "a colorful motorcycle with a helmet parked on a sidewalk", "A motorcycle is parked on a brick plaza with a helmet on its handlebars.", "A motorcycle painted with green and yellow checkers"]
["A gang of bikers driving down a city street.", "A group of motorcycles travel down a city street.", "A group of people riding motorcycles on a street.", "A group of people riding motorcycles on a street.", "A group of people riding motorcycles down the street."]
["Four officer are riding motorcycles with giant letters on them.", "Some cops on motorcycles in a city parade.", "A street scene with several cops on motorcycles.", "A gang of motorcycle police driving past a forest.", "people riding motorcycles on a city  with people on the side walk"]
["A man and woman ride on a red motorcycle with others in the background.", "A man and a woman seated on a motorcycle, leading a line of others, also riding on motorcycles.", "Two people on a motorcycle are at the head of the line making a turn.", "A man and a woman turning a corner on a red motorcycle.", "A man and woman riding on a red motorcycle together, with no helmets and other bikes riding behind them."]
["A group of motorcycle cops riding down a street.", "a group of punk police, police the streets", "an image of two police officers in the road", "Two policemen on their motorcycles on a sunny day", "Three motorcycle policeman driving on a sidewalk with pedestrians."]
["A large white couch in a living room in front of a TV.", "Living room that includes television, chair and multiple windows.", "A living room with furniture and a small tv in the corner.", "a living room with a tv a couch and a dresser", "A living room couch facing a small television."]
["A woman talking on a banana phone with Andy Warhol.", "We see two pictures of people using bananas as phones.", "The two images show a man with a banana and a woman holding a banana.", "Two images of people put side by side.", "One picture shows Andy Warhol with a banana to his face, the other image shows a woman holding a banana to her ear."]
["An older floor light sits deserted in an abandoned hospital.", "And old lamp in an deteriorating abandoned building.", "A generator light in a dirty abandoned building.", "Abandoned equipment sits amongst the ruins of an old building", "A an demolished building with equipment left there."]
["A man riding on the back of a motorcycle on a field next to a dog.", "The man sits on his motorcycle near a standing dog.", "vintage image of a man on a motorcycle in a field with a dog", "A man sits on top of a motorbike.", "A black and white picture of a man sitting on a bike. "]
["A row of motorcycles parked next to each other.", "Many motor bikes parked in front of a building.", "a bunch of motorcycles parked beside a building ", "a number of motorcycles parked near each other near a building", "Motorcycles parked in a row outside of metropolitan building."]
["a motorcycle is hanging in the air with plants on it", "The motorcycle was used for decoration by the water.", "A motorcycle that has been turned into a statue", "A gateway with a motorcycle used as its arch.", "A motorcycle sitting on top of a fence as decor"]
["A cop riding on the back of a motorcycle next to another cop car.", "a couple of motorcycle cops in a street", "a group of people are riding by on motor bikes", "A black and white image of a man pushing a stroller on a road past a motorcycle cop and a cop car.", "a person is pushing a cart around some cops"]
["a policeman on a motorcycling driving on the road smiling", "A police officer is riding a motorcycle and smiling.", "A motorcycle policeman is smiling at the photographer.", "A policeman on a motorcycle smiling at someone.", "A man in a uniform and helmet rides a motorcycle with a shield."]
["Three mass transit trains underneath an overpass at a train stop.", "a virgin atlantic train pulling up at station.", "A group of vehicles in various colors parked in a station.", "A train at the station with it's door open.", "A subway station with a parked subway train."]
["A \"Virgin Records\" train next to a blue, yellow and red train at a subway station. ", "A silver train marked \"Virgin\" sits on the tracks alongside a red and yellow train.", "a train that is next to a train track", "A lone train is riding on the train tracks", "A red and silver train traveling down train tracks."]
["A blurry living room scene suggests a wide screen T,V. with a game playing, bookshelves, a low cluttered table, a couch, and closest and clearest, a sports t-shirt with the number thirty-five on it.  ", "Sports jersey draped over a couch in a room with a TV.", "A very nice looking living room with a big TV.", "A jersey laying on the back of a couch in a room with a television on. ", "A hockey jersey sitting on the back of a couch in front of a television."]
["a living room with a leather sofa , flat screen television, throw pillows and a wood slatted coffee table.", "A contemporary living room features leather furniture, oak storage and a garden view.", "A well designed entertainment area with a TV set to play a video game. ", "A nicely-decorated living room with a television and couch is pictured.", "A living room with two sofas, a coffee table, throw pillows, a large entertainment center, and a flatscreen tv."]
["A couple on a motorcycle in front of a bus and a metermaid car", "A busy city street with a bus, taxi, and motorcycle.", "A bus, riksha, and two men on a scooter all on the same road. ", "Buses and motorcycles driving down a city street.", "Two people riding on a moped with a bus in the next lane."]
["four fighter jets flying through the air in formation", "A squadron of fighter jets flying through a cloudy blue sky.", "four planes flying in the sky in a formation", "There are four jets in the air traveling together. ", "for jets planes flying in the big blue sky "]
["An airplane flying through a blue sky with propellers.", "a big airplane that is flying through the air", "A military airplane that is flying in the sky.", "a red black and white plane flying in a blue sky", "There is an airplane flying through clear skies."]
["A couple of large white airplanes parked in a stationary position.", "Airplanes on a runway with one taking off in the background", "An  large airplane sitting at the passenger gate.", "A number of plans on sitting on the tarmac and one taking off. ", "a number of large air planes on an air port run way"]
["A bunch of airplanes are parked on the runway. ", "Some big commercial planes all parked by each other.", "Two airplanes that are sitting on a tarmac.", "An airport with red and white airplanes in wait.", "An airport filled with jets parked on top of it's tarmacs."]
["A commercial airplane at the gate being serviced", "An airplane has a passenger loading walkway attached to it.", "A parked red airplane surrounded by maintenance vehicles.", "An airplane that is sitting on pavement and boarding passengers.", "a large air plane in a run way"]
["A oneworld passenger plane taking off from an airport.", "A jumbo jet is coming in for a landing.", "An airplane that is on the landing strip.", "Big commercial airplane getting ready to take off.", "A One World airliner is set for take off."]
["A large airplane is on the airport runway.", "A giant airplane sitting on the tarmac of an airport.", "A large airplane on the tarmac of an airport.", "Commercial liner at a airport parked on a runway.", "A jet airliner waits its turn on the runway."]
["a jet airplane parked in the airport next to a building", "A large silver jetliner sitting on top of a runway.", "the american airlines jet is taxing at the airport", "An American Airlines plane parked in a waiting area of an airport.", "The letters on the huge airliner are painted blue and red."]
["An American Airlines airplane is sitting on the runway", "An American Airlines plane sits on the tarmac.", "An American Airlines airplane is parked on the tarmac.", "The large silver airplane is on the runway.", "A plane parked on the cement near a few buildings."]
["China Airlines plain on the ground at an airport with baggage cars nearby.", "A large passenger jet sitting on top of an airport runway.", "A large commercial plane with a flower on the tail", "a plane parked on the runway with luggage carts parked next to it", "A CARGO AIR PLANE IS PARKED ON THE RUNWAY"]
["a jet is flying above some snowy terrain ", "a fighter jet flies by a mountain ", "a airplane that is flying through the sky over some snow", "a fighter jet flying past a snowy mountain", "A fighter jet soaring over a snowy mountain."]
["An airplane on a runway with snow on it.", "A jet is sitting on the cold and oct runway.", "A silver jet plane on the ground in a cold climate.", "A silver jet parked on a runway. ", "A Silver Plane on a snow covered runway."]
["a big airplane with the cargo section open", "A plain sitting parked on the cement at an airport.", "A large Indonesian airliner sits on the tarmac ", "An Indonesia air plane parked in the back of the airport.", "a large air plane in a run way"]
["a couple of red and white planes are on a runway", "a big plane sits parked in a air port ", "some red white and blue jets at an airport", "a number of large air planes on a run way", "a couple of airplanes that are parked on the runway"]
["A commercial Hawaiian airlines airplane from side view on pavement of airfield with a building in background.", "A large airplane is parked on the runway at the airport.", "A Hawaiian airplane sits on the tarmac at an airport.", "The huge airliner has turbine engines above it's wings.", "A large white passenger airplane on an airport runway."]
["Large jetliners parked on an airport tarmac outside of an airport.", "some planes on the run way of an air port", "At the airport airplanes are waiting to load passengers ", "Three large passenger jets sit at the airport. ", "Three major airliner  airplanes sitting out on the tarmac."]
["An airplane flies low to the ground near a mountain range.", "A large plane is taking off from a runway.", "A white plane taking off from a airport", "A airplane fliyng near a mountain with its wheels out to land", "A vintage quadruple propellor plane leaves the runway."]
["An airplane at its gate on an overcast day.", "An airplane is parked next to an airport terminal.", "A blue plane is at the terminal of an airport.", "an airplane and a baggage truck at an airport", "Airplane being loaded at a terminal on a cloudy day."]
["A light blue airplane sits in the airport waiting to depart", "The plane is on the tarmac with other vehicles assisting it. ", "The large blue airplane does stand out with the other airplanes.", "An airplane is sitting on the runway while passengers get on", "A pale blue airplane sits on the tarmac while trucks wait nearby."]
["An experimental airplane flying through a  cloudy blue sky.", "an image of a plane in the air amongst the clouds", "There is a plane turning in mid air", "An airplane flies in a cloudy sky as a backdrop.", "A military jet flying overhead in the sky"]
["Multiple airplanes sit parked on the busy runway.", "Airplanes on a tarmac at an airport ", "A line of charter planes traveling down a runway.", "The planes are lined up getting ready to fly.", "there are four air planes lined up on the air field "]
["Two airplanes on a landing strip next to green field and wired fence.", "A large airplane lands on the runway while another waits to take off.", "Two airplanes on the landing strip of an airport.", "A Polynesian and a British airplane are on the runway.", "Two airplanes sitting near a runway at an airport "]
["A large passenger plane on a runway prepares to taxi", "An airplane sits on a busy run way\n", "A large jetliner landing on a runway at an airport.", "A Delta airplane at the airport on the runway.", "An airplane that is on a runway at an airport."]
["A large jetliner airplane sitting next to another airplane on a runway.", "Two large airplanes are parked on a runway at the airport.", "An aircraft is preparing to take off on the landing strip.", "Several large passenger airplanes on a foggy airport runway.", "Two planes sitting parked on the cement near grass."]
["A plane is taking off from a runway.", "A plane is taking off from a run way.", "A Qantas jet taking off from a runway", "an air plane taking off from an air port run way", "A large jumbo jet plane taking off on the runway."]
["A virgin plane is sitting on the runway", "A very large commercial plane on a runway.", "Commercial white jet airliner sitting on tarmac area.", "a white and red virgin Australia airplane on the ground\n", "A large passenger plane is on the runway."]
["an airport with one plane flying away and the other sitting on the runway", "jumbo jet sits on the tarmac while another takes off", "A Virgin Australia airline on the tarmac. ", "Virgin sponsored airplane parked with a plane leaving in the background.", "One airplane is taking off from an airport while others are parked."]
["A bench that looks like a round hut.", "Here is a human being in the picture by itself.\n", "a lady sitting in a half shell hut", "A woman sitting on a bench under a gazebo.", "A woman that is sitting underneath a hut."]
["an empty street and signals that are red", "Two red stop lights are lit on the street.", "A street is empty and the traffic light is red.", "a city street with red stoplights and tall trees.", "Two traffic lights on a paved road beneath a cloudy sky."]
["a white structure with a building in the background", "Twisted bars of metal connected to a tall building.", "A picture of some white rails in front of a tall building. ", "A white structure in a street next to buildings.", "A white metal structure behind a traffic light"]
["A row of wooden park benches sitting next to a street.", "A metallic bench on a path in the park.", "Straight line of benches on a sidewalk with few people.", "Black and white photo of park benches, with people in the background.", "A row of wooden benches line a street next to trees."]
["Three sheep standing inside a fenced in area.", "A group of sheep separated in a pen.", "A herd of sheep standing inside of a pen.", "Angora sheep in a pen at a livestock show.", "A pen of five sheep surrounded by other pens."]
["A group of vehicles driving down a city street.", "A building is near cars under a traffic light.", "a bunch of cars sit parked at a traffic light ", "A traffic light with a few cars going over the crosswalk.", "A street with cars moving down it past an intersection."]
["A neon colored building lit up in the night time", "The street lights shine outside of a huge blue building. ", "An building with interesting lighting is shown at night.", "a building covered with a lot of blue lights ", "a bright building near a regular brick building"]
["a silver jet fighter is flying upside down and some cliffs", "A jet fighter plane is suspended in time against a mountainous background.", "A small silver plane captured in flight over a mountain scenery. ", " a jet flying upside down by a mountain ", "A fighter jet flying low over a mountainous region."]
["A group of chefs preparing food inside of a kitchen.", "A side of a delivery truck with a picture of people in chefs outfits.", "A billboard showing cooks in a restaurant kitchen.", "A picture of the side of a semi showing chefs. ", "There are a lot of cheifs that are out cooking on a photo"]
["A group of sheep graze in a grassy field.", "A bunch of sheep doing different things in a field", "Several sheep in a field on either side of an open gate.", "A number of sheep in grass near a wooden fence.", "a bunch of sheep that are eating on some grass"]
["A man talking on a cell phone walking an orange bike across a street.", "A man walking across a street dragging a bike.", "The man is walking a bicycle while talking on a cell phone. ", "A man crossing the street with a bike while talking on a mobile phone.", "A man on a cell phone walking across he street with his orange bike. "]
["An adult and a child cross the city street at night.", "People walk across the street underneath red traffic lights.", "Two people crossing the street in a city at night.", "A photograph of Washington D.C. at night time. ", "a number of cars on a street with traffic lights "]
["A crowd of people walking down a street next to a traffic light.", "Many people stand at a street corner together", "A busy city intersection filled with people walking ", "A large crowd of people standing an a street.", "A crowded street corner blocked off by street cones"]
["cars wait on a street at a red light in a city", "Several cars driving down a street in a large city.", "Vehicle traffic on a paved road in a large metropolitam area.", "Traffic stopped at a light in a city during the daytime. ", "The moving  cars is on the busy highway"]
["An view of a major city and cars traveling over a bridge.", "The street of a city bridge is full of vehicle traffic.", "A large bridge filled with heavy traffic next to a large city.", "A view of a giant bridge during the day.", "Traffic is travelling over a large bridge across the water."]
["A dog rides on the back of a sheep.", "A white dog sitting on the back of a sheep.", "A white dog sitting on top of a white sheep. ", "A sheep is standing in the green grass.", "The sheep and the dog always travel together."]
["A city street with traffic at a stoplight ", "a busy road with a lot of cars on it", "A truck passing through the intersection while the other cars wait at the red light.", "A group of cars that are waiting at an intersection. ", "a green car is pulled up at a stop light"]
["An empty road with buildings on each side.", "Quiet street corner with construction crane in background.", "A streetlight on a road in front of several large buildings.", "Cross street intersection shot on a cloudy day.", "A street corner has a fence in the foreground, with buildings and a crane in the background."]
["The vehicles are travelling down the road together.", "A couple of cars at a traffic light by a sign saying Keep Moving.", "Cars are driving down a street next to each other.", "Several cars stopped at an intersection with one light.", "A few cars are approaching an in intersection."]
["A silver park bench is in the park ", "a metal park bench on a cement slab", "A metal park bench sitting on a slap of cement next to a lush green park.", "This is an unoccupied metallic bench at a park ", "a silver park bench sits in concrete with grass behind"]
["A train is near a track switching station.", "a train on a track near many trees ", "A train crossing with a train coming down the railroad tracks.", "The train is slowing its speed heading into the station.", "a yellow light is next to some train tracks"]
["A freeway sign at freeway entrance detailing 3 freeway options.", "A freeway sign describing the direction of traffic.", "An overhead sign leads three lanes for three destinations.", "A sign hangs above the road pointing in the direction of cities. ", "A freeway sign that is during the day time."]
["An airplane is flying against a partly cloudy sky.", "A jet airliner with landing gear down and flaps extended.", "A large jetliner flying through a cloudy sky.", "A big commercial plane flying in some cloudy skies.", "there is a very large plane flying in the sky"]
["A group of seats are placed on steps.", "Old style school room benches with writing on them", "Wooden benches sit amongst a floor scratched with \"No entry please\".", "A bunch of wooden tables say no entry.", "A row of benches with writing that reads \"no entry please.\""]
["A bird is sitting on a bench in the grass.", "A bird sitting on top of a bench in a  park.", "A bird is perched on a park bench.", "A bird sits on an empty park bench. ", "A robin perches upon a park bench on a green lawn."]
["A fighter jet flying through a cloudy sky.", "A fighter jet flying in a cloud filled sky.", "A fighter jet ascends in front of some clouds.  ", "Swept wing fighter jet in flight, equipped with rockets.", "A fighter jet plane ascending into the sky."]
["there is a large military jet flying in the air", "A fighter jet flying through a gray foggy sky.", "a plane flying very high in the air", "A black and gold plane flies through the sky.", "A large fighter jet plane flying in the sky. "]
["A cat sleeping on top of a wooden bench.", "A calico cat with a pink nose laying on a wooden bench.", "A cat laying comfortably on a fence rail", "A cat stretching out on a wooden bench.", "A cat laying on a wood bench looking into a camera."]
["Three airliners are preparing to load passengers onto a plane.", "Several large passenger airplanes parked on an airport runway.", "the delta plane is parked next to the terminal ", "Airplanes lineup at the airport ready to go on their next flight.", "A picture of a airplanes parked at an airport. "]
["A fighter jet flying in the sky leaving smoke trails.", "A fighter jet climbing into the sky. ", "A fighter jet on a steep ascent with white trailing smoke", "A lone pilot flies an armed fighter jet upward in the sky.", "An orange and black jet fighter craft deploying smoke."]
["A fighter jet is flying through the air.", "a jet flying thru the air with a sky background", "A view of an airplane flying in the air.", "A military fighter jet in flight armed with missiles.", "A close-up of a fighter jet in the sky."]
["A commercial passenger airplane sitting on the landing strip by the terminal.", "The airplanes are parked at the airport terminal.", "a large jumbo jet sits parked in an air port ", "An airport where aeroplanes are landed,one of which is Hawaiian.", "a large air plane on an air port run way"]
["An airport runway filled with airplanes under a blue sky.", "Two United planes are sitting on the runway.", "Two large commercial airplanes on a tarmac in front of a a hangar.", "Two airplanes are parked facing opposite ways on an airport strip.", "Two passenger jets sit in wait at the airport."]
["A jet in the air flying in a dark sky.", "A jet flies upwards into the grey cloudy sky.", "a jet flying up in a cloudy sky ", "A jet soaring into a cloudy gray sky.", "A jet shoots up into the cloudy sky."]
["A PLANE IS HIGH IN THE SKY ON A VERY CLOUDY DAY", "A fighter jet plane flying through cloudy skies.", "There airplane is headed into a bank of dark clouds.", "a plane with a really tall tail in the sky", "An airplane flying alone in a cloudy sky."]
["a bunch of airplanes that are flying through the air", "A formation of aircraft with multicolored smoke pouring out the back.", "Five jets flying in the sky and making colored smoke.", "A group of show planes are performing a colorful maneuver.", "A group of airplanes fly in formation while releasing colored smoke."]
["A man wearing glasses standing next to an airplane.", "A man stands next to a very small plane.", "A man standing by a single engine plane.", "A white male in front of a small plane smiling.", "A man posing next to a personal sized airplane. "]
["A small kitten sitting on a chair next to a small dog.", "A dog and a kitten are sitting nose to nose.  ", "A cat witting on a couch touching noses with a dog", "The cat and dog are smelling each other. ", "A small kitten and dog smelling each other"]
["Two jumbo jets display their company emblems on a runway.", "Two large passenger jets parked on top of an airport tarmac.", "The tail end of a plane with a kangaroo on it", "The tailed of two commercial airplanes on the runway", "The tail of a jet airplane on the tarmac, with a white kangaroo on a red background."]
["A large jetliner flying through a cloudy blue sky.", "A plane flying in the sky on a cloudy day.", "A large airplane flies through the cloudy sky.", "a big commuter plane flies through the sky ", "a large air plane flying in the air "]
["Three passenger airplanes parked on a airport runway.", "An airport terminal with three airliners parked there.", "a commercial jet plane sits on a tarmac", "Planes parked near the runway at an airport.", "Looking down at airplanes parked on the tarmac"]
["A traffic light with a misty mountain in the backdrop.", "A photograph of a mountain on a clear day with a traffic light in the left side of the frame.", "A view of a lake and a mountain on a sunny day.", "The side view of a traffic signal with hills off in the distance. ", "a street light sits in front of a mountain "]
["two brown dogs seated on a bench with their string", "Two Pug dogs sitting on a bench at the beach.", "Two Pugs sitting on a bench at the beach.", "Two small white pugs sitting on top of a white wooden bench.", "two brown and black dogs and some people behind them"]
["Air force jet in a take off position above the tree line.", "Jet taking off flying up into the sky", "A European fighter jet flying above the tree tops.", "A military plane flying in front of a temperate forest.", "a close up of a jet flying in the air"]
["A blue fighter plane on runway with trees in the background.", "A jet takes off from a runway on a sunny day.", "A fighter jet taking off from an airport runway.", "An aircraft is preparing for takeoff at an airport.", "A plane is landing on the runway at the airport."]
["A dog is walking past a row of park benches.", "a little dog walking next to a line of benches", "Empty benches in the park after a storm. ", "SMALL DOG WALKING BY SOME BENCHES  IN THE PARK", "dog walks past bench with petals from a flower on the ground"]
["A group of cars that are driving passed a church.", "A chirch is littered with cars in its parking lot", "A church is sitting in the background with automobiles driving in front of it.", "A tall red brick cathedral with two large towers.", "a line of cars are oarked outside an old church"]
["People standing outside of a blue and white bus.", "an image of a tour bus that is picking people up", "Several people standing around buses and most wearing orange vests.", "A public transit bus pulling up to pick up passengers.", "A city bus at a stop waiting to pick up passengers."]
["A double deck tour bus riding through a street.", "A double decker bus riding on a street on a cloudy day. ", "A large bus on a open city street.", "A blocked off street that is ready for a event to happen.", "A transit bus seen in the distance on an empty street. "]
["A group of buses sitting in a rural area.", "A red double decker bus parked in a crowed parking lot.", "A double deck bus in traffic with other buses.", "A double decker bus with an open top, stuck in traffic.", "A parking area with various buses and vehicles parked bumper to bumper together and a building in the background."]
["A traffic light in front of a road through a tunnel.", "An old tunnel is vacant of motorists due to a red traffic light.", "A billboard sitting next to a car tunnel.", "A traffic light is located near an overpass.", "The tunnel road has a stop light and a billboard."]
["A large crane lifting up a school bus on  a parking lot.", "A school bus by a crane and truck with a mountain view in the background.", "Large crane next to parking lot with vehicles.", "There is a school bus parked next to other vehicles.", "Multiple vehicles are parked in a lot with a snowy mountain range in the background."]
["A couple people are sitting on a bench looking out a window while another guy sits near by. ", "three people sitting on a bench on a bus or train ", "A man sitting on a bench is working while two girls look out a window behind them.", "A man studies in the corner of a ferry as girls look out the window", "A group of people sitting next to each other near a window."]
["two black and white skate boards under a black steel bench", "Couple of skateboards on the ground in front of bench", "The skateboards were left by the bench i the park. ", "There are unattended skateboards at the foot of the metal park bench.", "A bench with a couple of skateboard sparked underneath it."]
["A girl hanging on a street light pole that has quite a few lights on it.", "A teenager swings from a multiple traffic light pole. ", "A man that is hanging onto a bunch of stoplights.", "Large amount of traffic lights with woman on bar of signs below", "A person is swinging from a traffic light pole."]
["A row full of wooden benches in a cafeteria.", "A public cafeteria with multiple patio tables in a building.", "a room full of tables and some people", "Several people are seated at tables in a large room.", "Some people are at the tables, but some are empty."]
["A herd of sheep grazing on a hill side near a tree.", "Several sheep standing in the grass near a tree.", "a couple of sheep graze on some grass ", "A small herd of sheep grazing in a grassy field.", "While in the immediate foreground juts a gnarled tree branch, the majority of the view consists of a an expanse  of short grass dotted with a few longer tufts and  a number  of scattered, grazing sheep. "]
["A beautiful garden and a dog in the middle", "A sheep is standing in the center small garden. ", "Flower gardens with sheep in center of circular display.", "A horse that is in the middle of a patch of flowers.", "A sheep standing in the middle of a manicured flower garden."]
["A large and small giraffe standing in a grassy field. ", "Two giraffe standing on top of a dirt field.", "A couple of giraffes in a field standing alert.", "Two giraffes that are standing by each other in a field. ", "An adult and a child giraffe standing in the sun. "]
["Three double decker busses are parked in front of a building.", "THREE RED DOUBLE DECKER BUSES SITTING PARTIALLY BEHIND A FENCE", "Red busses are parked behind a tall white fence.", "A set of three red double decker buses parked next to each other.", "Three red double decker buses behind a gray fence."]
["A bunch of bins that are on a wooden table.", "A few pots sit outside by the garden", "Empty flower pots on a platform in a grassy yard.", "Four plant pots are sitting on a wooden perch over grass and bushes.", "a couple of tub sit on top of a wood plank "]
["A double decker bus driving down a street.", "A bus moving past a street sign opposite a building", "A bus parked in the street in front of some buildings.", "A double-decker bus sports a giant advertisement as it rides along a city street.", "The bus has a huge advertisement on it."]
["A red double decker bus driving past a tall building.", "a big double deaker bus that is all pink", "A red double decker bus is parked on a street.", "a tall pink bus is driving down the street", "A red double decker bus on a street by a tree."]
["Traffic is stopped on the road because of a red light.", "Cars wait at a red light as traffic passes by on the street.", "A busy city street filled with lots of traffic.", "Cars are stopped at the traffic signal of an intersection.", "Two cars are stopped at a red light and transit buses are in the background."]
["an image of a tourbus picking up passengers ", "A bus with the reflection of a person walking in the window.", "A public transportation bus parked by the curb", "Passenger image reflected in the window of a parked city bus.", "A large bus with a person walking in the window reflection."]
["Multiple lane road in large city on sunny day.", "A view up hill of a busy city street.", "The traffick signal is showing a red light. ", "A crosswalk on a city street with cars and buildings in the background.", "A red traffic light and a crosswalk in an industrial city. "]
["A young woman reading while laying down on a park bench.", "A woman is reading on a park bench beside a fountain.", "A women sitting on a bench reading a book .", "a blond female sitting on a wooden bench reading", "A woman propped up on a bench with a book in her hand."]
["A blue double decker bus that says Garage on it.", "A double decker bus drives down the street.", "A blue double decker bus on the street", "A double decker bus displays a sign reading Garage", "A blue double decker bus driving on the road."]
["A man walking behind a city bus next to a building.", "Some people crossing a street with a big bus in it.", "A bus stopped in a bus stop as people cross the street.", "A city bus stopped on a downtown street.", "Commuter bus parked at curb with pedestrians walking nearby."]
["A city street with a two story bus.", "a double deckered bus on a city street next to buildings", "A double decked bus sitting on the curb.", "A double decker bus is parked outside a building in traffic.", "A double decker yellow bus is on a city street."]
["A red double decker bus is driving down the street. ", "A red double bus is heading down near the fence. ", "A double deck bus that is next to a building.", "A red double decker bus driving past a building.", "A double decker bus is parked next to a building."]
["Signs, cones and lights on a street ahead of construction equipment on a street.", "A man walking towards a street that is closed.", "A STREET WITH VEHICLES PASSING BY A PERSON WALKING AT THE SIDE WAY.", "A man walks towards a set of barriers where a road is closed.", "The man is walking forward but the road is blocked off."]
["A group of giraffes is standing next to a fence.", "Four giraffes linger just outside the shade in their enclosure.", "A group of giraffe standing next to each other in front of a building.", "Some very pretty giraffes standing by a big building.", "there are four giraffes that are standing together"]
["A large group of people on a beach that is next to a mountain range.", "A crowd of people relaxing at the beach . ", "Many people are on a beach with the view of the water and a mountain range.", "Lots of people lounging around at the shore of a lake.", "People relaxing on a sandy beach with a beautiful view of mountains in the distance across the water."]
["A bus is parked on the street away from some cars.", "a double Decker bus that is parked on a road", "A double Decker bus that is being driven on a road. ", "A double decker bus driving down the street.", "a double decker bus drives past the photographer."]
["A person with a safety vest in front of a bus.", "a bus sits parked as a man stands in front of it ", "a public transit bus in a city street ", "A bus that is sitting next to a curb.", "A bus pulls up the road to a sidewalk."]
["Three men all walking in the middle of the road .", "A couple of people that are walking around the road.", "three males wearing shorts a street sign and some cars", "Three young men are walking through the street.", "A group of people walk in the middle of the road."]
["A red double decker bus driving down a street.", "THERE IS A STREET BUS GOING DOWN THE STREET", "a red double decker bus on a street in front of a sidewalk", "a double decker bus rides along a street ", "A bus that is sitting inside of the street."]
["Two giraffe standing next to each other on a field.", "Two giraffes eating off the top of trees together. ", "Two giraffes standing next to a tree. ", "Two tall giraffes are eating from some trees.", "Two giraffes are standing next to each other eating."]
["A bunch of giraffes that are standing in the dirt.", "Giraffe with head extended up and two along fence eating from food trough", "Giraffes in a zoo enclosure eating at various places along a fence.", "A couple of giraffe standing by a wooden fence.", "A group of giraffe standing next to a wooden fence."]
["a green bench sitting on the side of a wall", "A green park bench sitting at the bottom of a hillside.", "A bench sits on a pathway with leaves.", "An empty green park bench in the shade", "A metal dark green park bench at the base of an incline."]
["Two sheep one with a bell tied to its neck walking in a green field.", "Two sheep stand near each other on the grassy pasture.", "Two sheep walking in the grass on a sunny day. ", "Two sheep that are grazing in a field.", "Sheep in a meadow with bells around their necks"]
["A double decker bus parked in a bus station next to a baby stroller.", "A double decker hybrid bus is in a warehouse.", "A parked Electric Hybrid city bus in a bus storage warehouse. ", "A stroller sitting in front of a double-Decker bus", "An electric double decker bus with a wheelchair in front."]
["A tall white and red light house sitting on a green hill.", "A very tall pretty light house under cloudy skies.", "The lighthouse is on a hill on a cloudy day.", "a red and white light tower on a hill near the ocean", "A storm moves past a lighthouse overlooking the sea."]
["The lady is sitting on the wood bench.", "A woman posing for the camera sitting on a bench.", "A young bare-footed girl wearing jeans and a white t-shirt, sitting on a bench.", "A woman posing for a picture without shoes on a park bench.", "A girl is sitting barefooted on a bench."]
["A red kite sitting on top of a lush green field.", "An empty park with a bench and play equipment.", "A backless bench in a open grassy area of a park.", "An empty park with mature trees and a backless bench.", "A grassy field outside during the day and a green bench."]
["Large group of people standing outside a restaurant together. ", "A dairy queen has people standing outside waiting", "an image of people standing outside and ice cream store", "Several people are  lined up outside of a store.", "The front of a Dairy Queen restaurant with people entering the side."]
["The people are riding bicycles in the bicycle lane of the road. ", "a couple of people that are on some bikes", "two bicycle riders in yellow shirts cars and a bus", "two guys training for a bicycle marathon ", "Three bicyclists are riding on the road with the cars."]
["A city bus driving past a group of men riding skateboards.", "Street skateboarder doing aerial tricks as a bus passes.", "A boy jumping over a fire hydrant on a skateboard.", "The image is of a skateboarder jumping over a fire hydrant on a city street.", "a boy jumped over a fire hydrant with the skateboard. "]
["A blue and white bus parked in front of a brick house.", "The motorhome is parked outside the red brick house.", "A large bus is parked in front of a red building.", "A tour bus is parked on a residential street. ", "A bus stopping outside a large brick house."]
["An outside photo of a fire hydrant in between two poles.", "A fire hydrant that is on the side of a street.", "The fire hydrant was on the sidewalk between two barrier posts.", "A fire hydrant on the curb of a street", "A fire hydrant stands on the sidewalk in between two poles."]
["A herd of sheep standing on top of a lush green hill.", "Three sheep are grazing on some tall grass.", "Mother sheep with her calf on side of brown green hill.", "A group of sheep are standing in the grass.", "a herd of sheep walking through a grass land "]
["A group of people that are holding onto sheep.", "Three people stand with two large adult sheep.", "A man tending to a sheep next to another sheep.", "Men display sheep inside an enclosure as people watch on.", "People at a sheep judging contest looking over the sheep "]
["A little girl sitting on the side of a fence.", "A young child sits on the rails surrounding a gardern.", "Park with peaceful surroundings of flowers and plants with several visitors.  ", "A man sitting on a bench next to a building.", "The back of a building outside with lots of flowers."]
["THERE ARE TWO PUG DOGS THAT ARE SITTING ON THE BENCH ", "Two tan dogs are sitting on a fancy tiled bench.", "Two Pug dogs setting on a green park bench wearing harnesses.", "Two pugs sit next to each other on a bench.", "Two small dogs in harnesses sitting on a bench"]
["The little girl is standing between the low shrub and the fire plug", "a young person standing next to a red fire hydrant", "A little girl leaning against a red fire hydrant.", "A cute little girl standing next to a red fire hydrant.", "A little girl with a stamp on her hand stands beside a fire hydrant."]
["this fire hydrant has a painting on it", "A green and orange fire hydrant sitting on a sidewalk.", "The hydrant is decorated with several colorful decorations.", "a green and orange fire hydrant is on a brick road``", "a close up of a fire hydrant on a city side walk"]
["A row of construction cones are lined up behind a fire hydrant.", "A road under construction with fire hydrant and caution cones.", "Construction is being done on a street near businesses.", "A long line of traffic barrels near a fire hydrant.", "Many orange cones lining the rim of a hole at a construction site."]
["Several buses and cars driving down a busy street.", "Buses are joining traffic on a busy city street.", "A few buses going down the road in the city. ", "Two public buses in front of vintage buildings", "Buses fill a downtown street lined with historic buildings."]
["A group of elderly people sitting atop stone steps.", "A group of older women sitting on a bench with one standing.", "A group of old women sit on a city bench atop a flight of steps.", "A group of older women sitting on a bench at the top of some steps.", "four women sitting on a bench and one is standing"]
["Two giraffe standing next to a chain link fence.", "Two giraffes in a green fenced in area", "Two giraffes in a zoo or sanctuary pen.", "A giraffe standing next to a fence in its enclosure", "A giraffe is standing behind a fence at a zoo"]
["A blue and white bus parked in front of a motorcycle.", "A motorcycle, moped and a bus parked by the street.", "A motorcycle that is parked on the sidewalk.", "A small transit bus parked at a curb adjacent to a motorcycle. ", "There is a motorcycle parked in front of a small blue and white bus."]
["There is a zebra standing alone in the zoo", "a giraffe stretching his  neck  over a fence", "a giraffe is looking over the fence in its pen", "A giraffe standing in a zoo peeping outside the railing.", "The giraffe is looking over the wall for some food. "]
["the bus is stopped at the bus stop", "A picture of a bus at a bus stop. ", "A blue and white bus on a city street.", "A blue and white bus parked next to a bus stop.", "Urban commuter bus at bus stop on city road."]
["A blue and white bus is traveling down the road. ", "City bus parked alongside street picking up passengers.", "A large bus parked at a bus stop on a city street.", "A large passenger bus stopped outside of some buildings.", "The city bus is pulled over to the side of the road."]
["The bus is going through the traffic light.", "A blue and white bus driving down a street.", "A bus is going through the green light of an intersection.", "A blue and white bus passing under traffic light on a street.", "a blue bus driving through a green light"]
["There is a bus driving along the road.", "A bus going down the road beside some green grassy curb.", "a big bus moving around the street very fast", "A black tour bus traveling down a highway.", "Bus on urban roadway with celebrity name displayed on reader."]
["A few porcelain plates with birds Hand-painted on them.", "Three yellow plates with birds painted on ", "A group of three plates sitting next to each other.", "Three plates with bird designs on them stand side by side.", "Two yellow plates have a red bird on them while one has a yellow bird on it."]
["Four mountain goats standing on a hill in front of the country side.", "Four rams on a grassy hill with city in the background.", "four rams standing next to each other on a grass covered hill.", "Four rams are standing in a line on top of a hill with a town in the background.", "Horned sheep high on a mountain with the city below"]
["People stroller through the walkway near a giraffe.", "Some people at the zoo near the giraffe area.", "A giraffe stands inside a enclosure with a group of people standing near by. ", "A group of people stand next to a fence and enclosure.", "a giraffe behind a fence in the shade"]
["A no turning sign sits on a residential street", "a view of buildings and cars with traffic signs", "The warning sign is on a busy street near a large, three story building.", "The white  building has a lot of cars at it ", "A sign on a pole on a city street."]
["The counter of a coffee shop advertises additional seating downstairs.", "there are three signs that are hanging from the ceiling", "Signs displaying foot and seating area hanging inside restaurant", "a coffee shop with a sign above the counter ", "A couple of signs hanging beside one another."]
["Street signs against the disorganized electric wire infrastructure in Jerusalem", "The signs in the city are written in a foreign language. ", "Road signs announce the locations City of David, Mt. of Olives and Mt. Zion.", "Several directional signs in Israel with buildings in the background.", "Three red directional signs atop two steel posts."]
["a lake that has all kinds of boats on it", "A marina filled with lots of boats on top of water.", "Signage on lamp post at marina with moored boats.", "A Marina can handle many types of boats.", "A signage and lights on the bay with some boats on the sea"]
["A large clock tower with a clock on it's face.", "a large tower with a clock and a small bird flying above it", "A bird is flying high around a tower with a large clock on top.", "A bird flying pass a tall building with a clock on it. ", "A seagull flies near the cupola of a clock tower. "]
["A large brick building is sitting behind a tree. ", "A large brick building with a tree in front.", "A tall red brick building with two towers on it.", "The bare tree is in front of a large brick building.", "A redibrown brick building on a one way street."]
["A sign for the Public Car Park entrance", "A large blue parking sign mounted to the side of a building.", "A sign directing viewers to a public car park entrance.", "We are looking at a sign indicating the entrance to the parking lot.", "Public Car Park Entrance sign with an arrow"]
["Many difference birds in cages on display in an outdoor market area.", "A display table with cages of small birds for sale", "People looking at many small birds in cages at a market. ", "A number of birds in cages with people looking at them.", "A table with bird cages sitting on top of it."]
["a group of people standing around while looking a bunch of little birds ", "People are looking at many birds in cages.", "A group of people are admiring the birds on display.", "I am unable to see the image above.", "some people and some rows of birds in their cages"]
["A crowded city street filled with traffic and pedestrians.", "An asian city looks very cluttered with signs everywhere.", "a very busy street with people and cars", "people walking next to a busy city street", "Busy city sidewalk, street, and intersection in Asia"]
["A sign indicating Florida Avenue and another one stating the speed limit is 35.", "A couple of traffic signs flooded by a massive amount of water.", "A street sign next to a miles per hour sign", "Street signs in a flooded area during a storm.", "a flooded area with signs and trees in teh background"]
["A couple of men sailing on a sailboat out in the harbor. ", "People are riding on a boat in a harbor", "Some boats are anchored on a lake while other boats are sailing.", "A sailboat on the water with two persons aboard.", "A harbor with a number of sail boats in it"]
["A street sign on a street near a large building. ", "a street sign with a building in the background ", "The white building is behind the street signs", "Street sign on a pole near a road in front of a building.", "a street sign is on a pole near a building"]
["A man yelling to the driver of a truck", "A man standing on a sidewalk talking to a truck driver.", "A man standing on a sidewalk, talking to someone in a truck.", "A man talking to another man driving a truck over a bridge.", "a man standin on a sidewalk on a hill"]
["A pond with two ducks swimming on top of it.", "Some ducks swim in a muddy pond of water.", "Three ducks at a small artificial pond in a garden.", "Three ducks are swimming in a small pond.", "Two ducks are wading in a pond while another is sitting nearby."]
["A large neon sign sitting next to a green traffic sign.", "A sign above a building is visible in the background while there are street signs in the foreground.", "Street signs shown in front of a Public Market and fish market.", "A view of a street sign with many different signs on top of it.", "A sign that is over and for a public market."]
["A train riding on a track near a forest and traffic signs.", "A train pulling into a station on a cloudy day", "A train on the railroad tracks with train signs on the side. ", "a yellow white and black train riding down the train track ", "a yellow and white train coming down the track"]
["The sign is clearly visible for all of us to see. ", "A street sign marking a path near a wooded area.", "A sign that says Market Street is by a path.", "A sign that says Market Street on it with DY8 engraved on the bottom.", "The words Market Street are written on a white sign."]
["a sanctuary sign and a tall clock tower", "White city street sign sitting in front of a building tower with clock. ", "a tower with a clock inside it sits in the back ground", "a street sign on the street next to big ben ", "a street sign with a large tower behind it with a clock built into the side"]
["a black and white sign some trees fence and buildings", "A large white museum entrance sign in front of a building.", "A museum sign showing the main entrance and car park ", "A sign is partially obscured by a tree.", "Two signs in front of a gate near a house. "]
["The street sign is standing on the corner.", "STREET CORNER WITH ROAD SIGN, SIDEWALK, FENCES, AND TREES", "A street corner has a sign that says Standley Cres.", "A street sign sitting on the corner of a city block.", "A quiet intersection devoid of pedestrian or motor traffic."]
["a woman riding a horse while holding a flag", "A lady dressed as a cow girl is parading down a street holding a flag.", "A girl riding a horse holding a red flag", "A woman dressed in red cowgirl gear rides a horse through a parade.", "A young woman riding a horse holding a flag"]
["A man is smiling while sitting on a horse.", "A happy cowboy sits atop a horse in a city parade", "A man sitting on a horse with large building in background.", "A man wearing a cowboy hat rides a horse in an urban area.", "A cowboy sitting on a horse at a festival."]
["A street corner flanked by a display board.", "Street signs point people in the correct directions.", "The view of a road with contruction ongoing.", "A couple of parking signs in front of a wall.", "The construction work makes it difficult to get around."]
["A group of people including children and adults are riding on a small train.", "A number of people riding a miniature train.", "The people are riding on the small train.", "A group of people varied in ages are riding in a toy train.", "A group of people ride on a very small train."]
["A small train ride with little tracks through the grass", "A small train sitting empty on a train track that kids can ride on.", "A small train sits empty at the start of the ride.", "A small train that is on tracks near grass.", "A miniature railroad train going through a yard."]
["A miniature train in a park full of people.", "A group of people are riding on a train ride.", "A group of people rides on a train ride", "A group of people are riding a small train ride.", "A group of people riding a miniature train."]
["two trains parked on the tracks next to some platforms ", "two trains sit side by side at a station.", "Two trains that are sitting on train tracks.", "Two passenger trains right next to each other at a train platform.", "large trains are pulled into the train station"]
["The train rides down the tracks near a huge building in the city.", "A far away shot of trains near large buildings.", "Trains are on tracks in a depot in a city.", "this is a traing riding through a city", "Buildings near train tracks as a train comes out of a tunnel."]
["A yellow street sign sitting on the side of a road.", "A car is parked on the street near a road sign.", "a street sign stands out amongst an otherwise drab background", "There is a street sign saying that it is one way.", "A SIGN IWTH CARS PARKED ON THE STREET "]
["A man in a trench coat, hat, and carrying an umbrella pointing to the shirt collar of another man.", "A ma with an umbrella puts his finger on another man's neck.", "Two gentlemen interacting in outdoor area with shops nearby.", "A man pointing out something to another man.", "a man in a hat is holding an umbrella"]
["A large sign hanging on the side of a metal structure.", "I am not sure what the meaning of this sign is.", "a close up of a street sign on a door ", "A small address sign reads 2 Allenby Toe and has graffiti.", "A black and white sign on a black wall."]
["A train traveling under a bridge next to other tracks.", "A train travelling under a bridge near a platform. ", "a train is passing underneath a large bridge", "A train on the tracks under a walkway from one building to the next ", "a green and yellow train some tracks and a bridge"]
["A water buffalo grazes on tall grass while an egret stands by.", "Two animals standing in the grass in an open area.", "A cow grazes in a field with a bird nearby.", "An animal with horns grazing next to a bird in a grassy field.", "The bull is eating grass in the middle of an open field."]
["A train is traveling across a bridge over a lake. ", "A view of a train traveling over a bridge.", "The train is going over the bridge by the water. ", "A bridge runs across the water in the city.", "A blue, white and grey train passing over water on a bridge."]
["A hipster holding a camera while wearing glasses.", "A man wearing glasses checks his camera by the street.", "A man standing outside holding a camera trying to focus", "A man looking into his camera on the street.", "The man is looking at his digital camera."]
["A woman wearing a military uniform injecting a cow.", "A women in military uniform who is giving a cow a shot.", "An army veterinarian injects a substance into a cow.", "A person putting a shot into a giant cow.", "Large sized cow getting an injection from a woman in camo."]
["A city train passing under a walk way", "A train pulling out of an outside station", "A train is going under a walkway bridge.", "A train traveling under a bridge on train tracks.", "A train going down the rails passes under a pedestrian walkway."]
["Two birds are standing in the water together.", "Two storks standing in the water in a fish pond.", "Two birds with long necks on a a body of water.", "Two statues of bird sit in a body of water.", "Long legged birds in water and their reflections"]
["A street sign that reads \" Greta Garbo Strafze \".", "A street sign that reads Greta Garbo Strafe.", "Two intersecting white street signs at an intersection", "The street sign is reading Greta Garbo on the side of the pole.", "a street sign that is pointing in different ways"]
["A parrot sitting on a branch looking down.", "A parrot perched on a branch in a natural habitat.", "A brightly colored bird perched on a branch in front of another bird.", "Two large parrots sitting on branches in natural setting.", "A parrot sitting in top of a tree with branches."]
["a man standing on top of a steam engine train", "A man is standing on top of the engine car of a train.", "Man standing on top of a black train car. ", "A train with a man standing on top of it", "A man on top of train as it steams in the front."]
["a number of birds on a beach near the water ", "A flock birds sitting on top of a sandy beach.", "Seagulls flying down to rock covered beach ", "A rocky beach area with seagulls swooping down and some standing on the ground.", "Seagulls flock to feed on a rocky, clay-colored beach. "]
["A man wearing a camouflage hat while eating cake.", "a man that is eating some food at a table", "A picture of a man eating birthday cake. ", "a person eating from a paper plate ", "A young man is eating out with his cap on."]
["A man holding and pointing to a jumbo remote control in clear package in a store aisle.", "A man holding a rather large calculator package in a store.", "a man in a hat poses with a giant remote control ", "A man holds a huge remote control in a store.", "Man holding up a large silver calculator in his hands. "]
["This is a building on the corner of Trinity and 4th Street. ", "One windowed building acts as a mirror to show another building.", "a green sign is in front of a large building", "Trinity and 4th street sign with stop sign near glass building.", "A large building on the corner of a city street."]
["Driving on a highway behind a compact car, on the way to Nice", "A French motorway points travelers in various directions.", "a busy road full of street signs and cars", "car on a highway following signs in France", "A car is driving on a street with other cars and signs."]
["A man standing outside of a green train.", "A man in a suit and tie standing next to a train.", "Man in business attire and a worker stand on a train station platform.", "A smiling man waits safely beside a train.", "A couple of people standing near a parked train."]
["The stop sign with an apartment building in the backgroundis shot from below.", "a close up of a stop sign with a building ", "A stop sign located in front of a building.", "a stop sign at the end of a road by a block wall fence", "An image of  stop sign with an apartment complex behind it "]
["Woman walking on train platform as train filled with passengers prepares to leave.", "A train crowded with people stopping in a train station.", "There is a woman walking by a subway compartment with people on it.", "the woman walks past a train that doors have not opened yet", "A girl is walking in  a subway station. "]
["World flags decorate a busy urban street corner. ", "some buildings a street people and many signs", "A stop sign on a busy street corner", "A picture of a stop sign and some buildings.", "A group of people walk past a row of shops."]
["The miniature blue train is behind a picket fence. ", "An old train is parked on the tracks behind a picket fence.", "A small train engine pulling a freight car", "a kiddy riding train with a small car", "A small train on display at a museum."]
["a close up of a street sign with a mountain in the background", "A sign for handicapped parking with mountains in the background.", "A sign is on a pole near the grass.", "A sign has a blue circle with a red rim and red diagonal line through it near a park area.", "A small sign on a wooden post indicating handicap accessibility."]
["Picture of a stop sign with graffiti written on it.", "a stop sign that was vandalized to be strange", "A stop sign that has some graffiti on it.", "A stop sign has graffiti on it that reads \"capitalism\". ", "a stop sign with graffiti written on it"]
["The sun shines brightly behind a stop sign.", "A stop sign is outside on a sunny day.", "a stop sign with the sun shinning above it", "A stop sign obscured by the brightness of the sun.", "The sun is shining down on a stop sign."]
["A red stop sign with a white street sign posted under it.", "A  stop sign on a road  where theres no traffic", "a stop sign by a road in the desert", "A stop sign in the middle of a snowy field", "Two lane highway and stop sign in a rural area."]
[" A sidewalk with street sings next to a road.", "A stop sign and street sign stand on the corner of a street.", "A sidewalk on a corner with a stop sign and a street sign.", "a street sign on a city street with a sky background", "All way stop sign at the intersection of Prairie Street."]
["a stop sign hanging from a small shack", "An stop sign shaped advertisement for ice cold soda.", "A store with a number of soda signs. ", "A makeshift store is set up in a small building.", "a small store with coca cola signs in the front of it"]
["Two trains, side by side, waiting at the train station", "Two trains side by side near a platform.", "There are two different colored trains pulled into the station", "Two trains on rail lines near a subway", "Two bullet trains are on next to each other at a train station."]
["A train is pulling up towards the empty station.", "yellow and gray passenger train arriving into landing area", "A train is approaching a loading ramp in a country setting.", "a train on a train track near a building", "A yellow commuter train traveling past some houses."]
["A yellow train comes to the cross roads of a train track.", "a yellow white and black train on its track", "A European train with passengers traveling down the tracks.", "A group of people ride in a train on the tracks.", "A train is going down some railroad tracks."]
["A yellow and white train traveling down train tracks.", "a yellow white and green commuter train sitting idle", "a rail car is stopped at the station", "A train that is driving through some houses.", "a small bus makes its way down a track"]
["A white train passing on bridge over cars and trucks.", "A train traveling over a bridge next to tall buildings.", "A large long train on a steel track.", "A white train traveling over an overpass ", "a long commuter train going over the traffic "]
["A train moving along some train tracks next to a tree.", "An orange rusted train car connected to a train.", "A yellow railroad car traveling on the tracks.", "Old rusty railroad cars on a train track.", "A slightly rusty train stopped on the tracks in the forest"]
["Old dirty freight train parked by itself near the tracks.", "An old locomotive on a rail line next to trees ", "This is a very old train stopped on a railroad", "Old weathered train cars on a train track.", "An old train left abandoned on the tracks. "]
["A row of parking meters sitting in a park.", "silver meters placed in a grassy area next to evergreen trees", "A large number of parking meters displayed in a lawn.", "There are a bunch of abstractly decorated parking meter set outside in a park.", "A row of parking meters in grassy area next to trees."]
["a train on a track near a building ", "a fast train rides on top of a track ", "A train driving down the tracks near a building.", "red and black train with word virgin on the side", "a red and white train traveling through a city"]
["A white and red train traveling over a city.", "A modern commuter train travels through the city", "A passenger train that is going over a bridge.", "A Virgin Mobile train driving in the middle of a city.", "A red and white train riding through a city on elevated tracks."]
["women in black coats walk along the sidewalk", "Three girls walking in front of a parking meter.", "Three ladies walking down the street at night.", "Three girls walking down the street at night", "Three women walk down a sidewalk near a bike and a parking meter."]
["A dog sitting in the bed of a truck. ", "A white dog sits in the back of a pickup truck.", "A white dog sitting in the back of a white pickup truck.", "Dog wearing a cutout t-shirt sitting in the bed of a pick up truck. ", "A dog sitting in the back of a pickup truck."]
["a forklift sitting in front of a factory", "A forklift sits ready and waiting to be used.", "An unused yellow forklift parked outside a warehouse", "Piece of equipment parked near rail and warehouse door.", "A yellow forklift parked in front of a building next to a metal rail."]
["A bunch of bananas that are in the back of a truck.", "A construction truck carrying green bunches of bananas.", "a truck drives down a street with a bunch of bananas in the back ", "A truck full of bananas moves down the road.", "It is best not to travel too close to a truck full of bananas."]
["An old green pickup truck on a flatbed truck behind a fence.", "An antique pickup truck on the back of a transportation vehicle.", "An antique truck parked on the bed of a trailer", "An old Dodge truck is parked on a trailer. ", "a green truck on a flatbed truck behind a fence"]
["A kitten resting in a duffel bag on a hard wood floor.", "A kitten is inside a black bag. ", "A tiny kitten nestles inside a duffel bag.", "A cute kitten hiding in something on a chair.", "Calico kitten lying on a backpack on a wood floor."]
["A statue of a cow is seated on the out side of a store ", "A large cow statue outside of a store front.", "a cow statue on the sidewalk outside of a shop ", "A cow statue outside of a shopping store.", "The cow statue is standing outside the store."]
["There is a small bus with several people standing next to it.", "people standing besides a bus taking to each other", "People eating from food trucks near a commemorative archway", "Several people walking on a sidewalk near a large arch with figures on it.", "A very big pretty arch way with a bunch of people near it."]
["A cat rubbing up against the camera persons legs.", "a person with a red top and a gray cat", "A grey cat rubbing against a persons legs.", "A cat is showing its appreciation for someone in black pants and a red sweater. ", "A persons legs with a dark colored cat rubbing against their legs and shoes."]
["A massive tractor truck parked on a gravel road next to a forest.", "A dump truck is covered with mesh wire in the front.", "A yellow piece of heavy machinery stands in front of a background of trees.", "A large trucks sits on a gravel road.", "A truck parked along side a gravel road "]
["A black and white cat with a ball next to it", "A cat laying down near a baseball glove and baseball.", "A black and white cat that is sitting next to a baseball glove and baseball.", "A black and white cat sitting in a baseball glove.", "A black and white cat laying on a  catchers mitt."]
["A woman firefighter standing next to the fire truck.", "there is a woman wearing fire fighter gear next to a truck", "a woman wearing a fight fighter suit in a garage.", "A firefighter in front of a firetruck smiling. ", "A female firefighter is in her gear, standing next to a firetruck."]
["A kitten standing next to a bunch of bananas on a bed.", "A cat sitting beside a bunch of bananas. ", "Small white and black kitten next to large bunch of fruit.", "The kitten examines the green bananas, searching for tuna.", "a little cat sits in front of a bunch of bananas "]
["two cats in an office space looking at the camera", "Two cats sitting together on a desk next to a keyboard", "two cats laying on a desk by a keyboard", "Two cats sitting on a desk behind a keyboard.", "Two cats lying on desk facing camera with a keyboard in foreground."]
["A couple of cats laying on top of a brown chair.", "Two cats laying next to each other on a brown chair.", "two cats laying on a couch near one another", "Two cats curled up together in a overstuffed chair sleeping.", "two cats one is black and white and the other is brown black and white sleeping "]
["An SUV trying to enter the road while a truck is driving down it.", "A truck passes by a black jeep on a highway just before an overpass.", "A car is driving through an intersection while cars are waiting.", "A car and truck wait on a cross street to enter the main road.", "Several cars at an intersection near an overpass"]
["a fire truck on a city street ", "A fire engine turning around a corner at a light.", "The fire truck is in the middle of a lot of cars.", "a fire truck driving down a street through traffic", "a fire truck turning towards another street by some trees "]
["A tiger cat sitting on the arm of a sofa in a living room.", "A cat is sitting on a green couch.", "A colorful cat resting on a green sofa.", "A cat is laying on furniture and looking directly into the camera.", "A tabby cat laying  in the armrest of a couch."]
["Cows graze in an open field next to wind turbines.", "Four animals grazing on a farm near hills. ", "Many cattle are trying to find food on the desert ground. ", "A field full of wind turbines overlooking a farm.", "Several cows grazing in a fenced in area."]
["A herd of cows near a large building.", "Cows are gathered together in a pen in the rain.", "A group of cows mope beside a barn on a wet day.", "a large group of cows on a farm", "Herds of cows roaming outside of a barn."]
["this is a white van driving in the street", "A white truck with a sign approaches an earth-moving machine.", "There are construction vehicles are on the forest road.", "There is some construction going on in the area.", "A truck has a warning sign on it, near construction in the mountains."]
["A cat under a blanket looking at something.", "A small cat peeking its head from under a blanket.", "A CUTE KITTEN PEEKING OUT FROM UNDER A QUILT", "A gray tiger cat sleeping on a bed under a blanket.", "A cat is peeping out from under a blanket."]
["A herd of cattle standing on top of a lush green hillside.", "Cattle in area of green grass and trees next to fence.", "A herd of cows stand next to a fence. ", "Cows looking downhill with woods behind and a fence in front. ", "Several cows on a green hillside that's enclosed by a fence."]
["A cat sits on a window sill behind the blinds.", "A cat sits between a window and a blind.", "A cat sitting in a window in front of an open set of blinds.", "A cat peering out of the window on the between the blinds and the window ", "A cat sitting between a window and blinds."]
["Three cats sitting in a window waiting for their master to return. ", "A group of cats standing on a window sill.", "Three house cats look outside from a window.", "Three cats are sitting by a window looking outside.", "three cats standing in a window looking out at the street  "]
["A group of people sitting and standing by a white and blue ice cream truck.", "A blue and white truck that sell ice cream parked", "a group of people sitting in front of a bus", "An old ice cream truck parked and open for business on a sunny day", "A blue ice cream truck with people lined up for ice cream"]
["A truck that is sitting out in the woods.", "A green transport truck parked in the middle of a field.", "An old truck that is parked and sitting under a tarp.", "An old green truck with a cover partially on it.", "A big truck with a tarp covering it. "]
["A cat sitting in front of a giant TV looking at fireworks.", "Small white and black cat sitting in front of a bright red light. ", "A cat sitting on a cushion watching fireworks on television.", "A cat attentively watching a graphic on a television screen.", "A cat laying on a surface watching a light."]
["A cat standing on two legs near a tv.", "this is a cat watching a tv in a living room", "a cat standing very close to a tv ", "A white cat standing in front of a TV.", "A big screen TV attracts the inquisitive cat."]
["A man and a dog are in a yellow kayak.", "A man and dog on a sit upon kayak getting off at a dock", "A man in a canoe with his dog about to get on deck .", "A man and a dog who are on a yellow kayak.", "A man and a dog on a small yellow boat."]
["A large herd of cattle crossing a country road.", "A group of cattle are roaming by a road and a field.", "A herd of cows and sheep crossing a road into a field.", "A group of black and white cows crossing a road with trees around.", "Large herd of cows crossing a rural road."]
["A herd of cattle standing on a pasture next to green crops.", "Split pictures a tall green pasture and cows in brown grass.", "This is a picture of a farm and its fields.", "An image of several cows grazing the grass on an open farm land ", "A cloudless day on a farm with cattle"]
["Adult and baby buffalo graze on a plain.", "A heard of bison standing on top of a lush green field.", "A group of buffalo in a grassy field next to trees.", "Young buffalo in a herd grazing in a well-used pasture.", "A herd of buffalo grazing on grass in a pasture."]
["A long tour cruise boat with potted plants on the windows", "a boat in a narrow body of water ", "A white ferry with plants on it is at a dock. ", "The white and blue boat is floating on top of the water", "a long boat being used for a green house"]
["A zombee walking down a street covered in blood.", "People dressed as zombies in a parking lot.", "People dressed in zombie costume are gathered on a paved area.", "A man dressed like a zombie with other zombies around him.", "A group of actors are made up like zombies. "]
["A cat sleeping on top of an open laptop computer.", "Big cat resting on top of the laptop", "A cat resting on the keyboard of a laptop.", "A cat is on a desk next to a laptop.", "Cat investigating keyboard of a powered on laptop."]
["a few men play drums in a big celebration", "A few men wearing firemen hats playing drums as they march in front of a crowd in a parade.", "A number of drummers in a holiday parade.", "Guys wearing kilts are marching in a parade, beating their drums.", "People marching in a band with their drums"]
["A cow sticking his nose on another cows but", "a couple of cows are in a doorway", "A cow stands on a step outside an open door as another cow stands behind. ", "A cow stands on a step outside an open door. ", "Two cows lined up at the door of a house", "One lama in front of another lama standing outdoors."]
["A number of boats are in the water near the beach.", "A yellow and white boat is in an ocean near the beach.", "Several boats in front of a beach with several people on it.", "Yellow and white boats floating in the water in front of a beach", "Several boats in the shallow water beside a beach."]
["A young man, who is dressed formally, is posing for the camera. ", "A boy wearing glasses and a red tie.", "A man wearing a pair of glasses and a tie. ", "A man wearing glasses and a red neck tie.", "A young nerdy looking man with a red tie"]
["A man wearing a neck tie and a green shirt.", "THERE IS A MAN THAT IS WEARING A TIE IN A GREEN SHIRT ", "A man with a tie is on a dark chair.", "A man wearing a tie is looking down to his left. ", "A photograph of a man with his head turned to the side."]
["A large boat with people on the back in the water.", "Two people are sitting in the back of a long boat.", "The boat is parked on the side of the dock. ", "Adults with looking at watercraft on waterway near park.", "The boat is sailing on the river with people in it."]
["Boats floating down a river surrounded by trees.", "Individuals riding a boat along a body of water with docked boats along the shoreline. ", "Several boats go down a waterway while boats are also up against the side of the river.", "three different boats in a canal and the white one is docked ", "Men are standing on boats in the river."]
["a man well dressed posing at the photo", "a person wearing a black suit jacket, collared shirt, blue patterned tie and a pocket square", "A well dressed man posing with a serious face.", "A man wearing a suite with a serious look on his face. ", "The upper half of a man posing for a photograph wearing a suit with a blue tie and matching pocket corner."]
["A white truck parked in front of a store with lots of windows.", "A large white building on the corner of a street .", "A white building storefront has a van and car parked in front of it. ", "A white vehicle in front of a building.", "A delivery truck is parked in front of a store."]
["A group of boats floating on top of a lake.", "Boats in a river on a foggy day. ", "A harbor scene with a long dock and boats in the water", "Some boats are going around the river near the docks.", "A harbor next to body of water with boats on it."]
["Three mature men wearing suit and tie sitting at a table.", "A group of three men sitting at a dinner table.", "three men sitting at a table talking to each other  as they eat a meal ", "A group of men sitting at a table.", "A large group enjoying conversation and dinner at a banquet type function."]
["Two men listen as another man speaks to them.", "A man in a suit talking to two other men. ", "A group of men have a discussion with one another. ", "A group of business having a discussion at an event", "Three men in nice clothing talking to each other."]
["A marine filled with boats floating on water.", "A crowded harbor with seagulls under a cloudy sky.", "A white bird flying through a boat-filled harbor.", "Many ships are docked in the crowded marina.", "A boat dock and harbor with a number of boats tied off to the dock."]
["A group of yacht boats in a shallow body of water.", "Group of sailboats lined up in a row on a lake. ", "The boats are outside on the water sailing. ", "Three sail boats in the river going down it ", "Some very nice looking boats in the water."]
["A group of business people pose for a picture.", "Mostly men in suits posing for a group picture in front of a \"TRADE WINDS - ASIA\" sign.", "A group of business people standing in front of a Trade Winds - Asia sign.", "A group of business people pose in front of a Trade Winds sign.", "A group of business people smiling and standing together."]
["2 smiling men ring a gong in unison.", "two people wearing suits hitting a gong with hammers ", "Two men in suits and ties holding mallets and getting ready to ring a gong.", "Two men in suits hitting a gong with hammers.", "Tow men in front of a screen hit a gong."]
["A couple of men standing next to a woman.", "Two men in suits are posing with a woman.", "Two men and a woman standing next to each other", "Two well dressed men and a woman posing for the camera.", "Two men and a woman dressed in business attire."]
["A white boat floating on a  body of water.", "A boat tied up to a wooden dock.", "THERE IS A LARGE HOUSE SITTING AT THE WATERS EDGE", "a boat docked at a wooden dock on a lake", "A small boat in the water is tethered to a dock."]
["A small dock full of paddle boats at a lake.", "some boats are docked in water a light and a cliff", "a bunch of chairs that are lined up in a row", "A small marine filled with lots of small boats.", "their are a lot of rafts people can take into the ocean"]
["A young girl wearing a tie that matches her skirt.", "A little girl putting on a tie for her school uniform.", "The young girl is dressed in her best uniform.", "A little girl wearing a dress and a men's neck tie.", "Girl posing while getting dressed in school uniform."]
["Two men greeting each other with a handshake.", "Adults men standing in room exchanging greetings with each other.", "Two men in suits shake hands at a reception.", "Two men with smiles on their faces are shaking hands.", "A group of men standing next to each other."]
["A person standing next to a large elephant.", "An elephant is dressed in orange traditional garb.", "there is a elephant that is wearing many red decorations", "An elephant wearing red cloth with a person wearing blue", "An elephant is led around by a trainer."]
["Two men are playing ball with some elephants.", "A group of elephants that are standing in the dirt.", "a group of elephants walking around following a blue ball like it was a game ", "Herd of young elephant walking in open area with tenders nearby.", "Two men are instructing elephants on how to play soccer."]
["A herd of elephants walking across a field.", "a herd of elephants, in a field lots of trees and grass.", "A group of elephants walking around and grazing in a field.", "some elephants grass bushes plants sky and trees", "This is a group of elephants on a grassy plane."]
["A young girl on a beach chair kicking her leg out", "A girl sitting outside sticks her foot out.", "An adorable little girl sitting in a pink lawn chair.", "A girl is sticking out her leg while sitting on a child's beach chair. ", "A girl sits in a chair on a porch in summer"]
["Blue water with a boat and two people in the water.", "Two people walking in the ocean away from a boat. ", "A motor boat in the waters and two persons nearby", "A small boat is anchored in the water while the couple explores.", "Two guys standing in a lake with a boat tied to a pole."]
["a cat that is next to a computer screen", "The black cat is turning away from the large computer screen.", "The cat is sitting in front of the computer.", "A black cat sitting on a computer desk.", "The black cat sits on a table beside a computer keyboard. "]
["A city with water and boats along with many buildings.", "several ships in the harbor near the city and a highway with cars", "A group of boats making their way into a harbor past the Sydney Opera House.", "Sky view over looking the harbor in New Zealand.", "Many boats on the water near buildings and a road."]
["A hotel resort with umbrellas and beach chairs. ", "The backyard and patio of a beautiful home.", "a number of lawn chairs with opened umbrellas ", "A tall white home with lots of patio furniture.", "We are looking at a small fenced patio area."]
["A man in a mask holding a sign", "A man wearing a mask standing on a sidewalk holding up a sign.", "A masked protester holds a sign in his hand.", "A person wearing a mask holds a sign.", "This young man  is wearing a mask and holds a sign written in German that warns against Scientology."]
["Elephants walking in a field with a lot of grass. ", "A mother elephant and three wee ones cross a dirt track", "A herd of elephants walking across a grass covered field.", "Herd of elephants walking in an open grassy field ", "Four elephants walk across a dirt path surrounded by grassy plains."]
["A very big elephant that is keeping an eye on the photographer. ", "That is a weird color on that elephant.", "a herd of elephants standing around each other", "a large herd of brown elephants grazing on near a jungle", "An elephant covered in mud in front of other elephants."]
["A group of men riding on the back of a boat.", "a big boat that has a bunch of people in it", "Several men on a canoe in the water with paddles. ", "A group of people are rowing a boat for an audience.", "some people are rowing in a boat together"]
["A small herd of elephants are standing around each other.", "A pack of elephants are standing together in a field.", "a number of elephants standing near one another", "A group of elephants walking down a dirt road.", "Black and white image of three different elephants. "]
["A narrow living room with a couch and tv.", "A red living room sofa with a cat on it", "Red leather couch in white walled room with hardwood floors.", "A living room ensemble in some ones apartment with a wood floor.", "A cat is sleeping on the red leather couch."]
["A group of people riding on top of three elephants.", "A group of people ride on a group of elephants backs.", "some people are riding elephants trees and bushes", "A large group of people riding elephants in the woods.", "Three elephants carrying people on their back in a bush"]
["A  beach blanket is set up near an umbrella and a stroller", "a baby stroller under a pink and yellow umbrella", "a beach that has a lot of people on it", "It is a bunch of people on the beach.", "A beach with lots of people standing and sitting on it."]
["A group of people on a street next to a bus.", "an image of a group of people walking on the sidewalk", "A very busy city street and sidewalk at night.", "Many traveling people approach a parked bus in a busy area", "A group of people with duffel bags and backpacks walking along a busy city street."]
["The hull of a boat that is producing a wake", "this boat is making waves in the water", "Choppy water seen from the side of a ship.", "a boat going pretty fast in the water", "A view of behind a boat when its in the water"]
["A smiling woman is riding a large elephant.", "A woman smiles brightly while riding a huge elephant.", "There is a woman riding on top of the elephant.", "A woman riding an elephant adorned with decorative face paint.", "a person is up on top of an elephant"]
["A man that is sitting on a horse.", "A man waves as he rides on the back of an elephant.", "a male is riding on the back of an elephant", "A man that is barefoot is sitting on top of a big elephant.", "A man sitting on top of a large elephant."]
["A man smiles down from the back of an elephant.", "A man sitting on top of an elephant with trees in the background.  ", "a man sits on and rides a giant elephant ", "Man riding an elephant with it's trunk pointing upward", "A man that is riding on a elephant."]
["One woman wits on a chair beneath a blue umbrella t the beach as a guy walks down the shoreline.", "A woman sits in a beach chair as a man walks along the sand. ", "A woman sitting under an umbrella and a man walking the beach.", "A person sitting on a beach on a lawn chair under an umbrella.", "Person sitting on a chair under an umbrella while another walks by on the beach."]
["a gladiator movie dvd case on a travel luggage bag", "A Gladiator movie dvd sits on top of a computer case.", "A suite case with a DVD titled \"Gladiator\" on top of it.", "A DVD is sitting on top of a suitcase.", "A suitcase on it's side with a Gladiator DVD on it."]
["A man with a white umbrella posing with some foliage.", "The man is standing in the trees holding an umbrella.", "A man holding a red umbrella among pine trees. ", "a man holding a white umbrella in a wooded area.", "a person holding an open umbrella in some bushes"]
["A large bright yellow boat sits docked near a stairway.", "A bright yellow boat parked by a dock", "A small yellow boat moored at a dock.", "A yellow boat floating on water next to a dock.", "A yellow and white boat parked in a harbor"]
["A group of people walk through the middle of the street.", "A group of people are walking down a street with luggage.", "On a road group of people with their luggage.", "A group of people are walking down the street with luggage bags.", "People are walking with their luggage in the street."]
["Some girls that are dressed up in a parade.", "Women with short white skirts and black tops carrying umbrellas together in the street.", "Ladies are walking down the street dressed in skirts and halter tops carrying umbrellas.", "Women in cheerleader outfits carrying umbrellas walk down a city street.", "A grop of girls stand around with umbrellas."]
["A stack of suit cases stacked from largest on bottom to smallest on top.", "Four suitcases stacked up on each other sitting on a table.", "Four old style suite cases stacked from largest to smallest.", "A pile of suitcases site in an unknown location.", "A stack of suitcases on brown table next to a wall."]
["A group of friends standing next to each other.", "A bunch of people posing with a sign and luggage.", "Family of five pose with a sign and a suitcase.", "Five people smile as they pose before going on a trip.", "The people are holding a sign while taking a picture"]
["Two adults and a young elephant are standing near a wooden post.", "two adult elephants and a baby in a pen with a huge tire", "Two elephants play with a tethered ball in their enclosure.", "Two big elephants next to a baby elephant.", "an adult elephant is pulling on a rope by a tire and baby elephant"]
["A couple of elephants standing in shallow water.", "a large elephant and a small elephant in a body of water", "One big elephant and a baby elephant drink water from a fountain.", "A mam elphant and its baby elphant drinking water from a pond.", "A mom and baby elephant wading in water by a statue."]
["A piece of luggage sitting on top of a sidewalk.", "An old suitcase on the sidewalk next to the road.", "A suit case with some red tape on it sitting on a sidewalk.", "A suitcase sits next to the pole of a street sign.", "A suitcase with a handle sitting on a sidewalk with cars on the street."]
["A brown and white dog standing next to a white horse.", "A dog that is standing by the water with a horse.", "A shepherd dog walks through a puddle as a horse grazes in the background.", "A dog is stepping into water near the white horse.", "A dog heading into the water near a horse."]
["A young girl putting a hat on a dog on a couch.", "A young girl who is putting a hat on her dog.", "A person and a kid on a couch in a room.", "A young girl is petting a dog on the couch with a lady looking on.", "two people in a living room on a couch"]
["Man walking down street with an umbrella over his head.", "A man in suit with umbrella crossing a street.", "A man is walking across the street holding an umbrella.", "A man walking across a street with an umbrella.", "A man in a black suit carries a checkered umbrella as he walks on a crosswalk."]
["a lady standing next to a person with a umbrella", "A girl standing by the cross walk with a pretty umbrella.", "a woman and a man are waiting to cross a street", "The woman protects her skin from the sun with the umbrella ", "There are two people waiting to cross the street."]
["A couple of brown elephants standing next to each other.", "two big elephants standing near a zoo keeper", "A man is standing between two elephants in their pen.", "a man standing between two large elephants outside", "A man is standing between two elephants at the zoo."]
["A guy standing underneath an umbrella on a rainy day.", "A man in a green shirt holds an umbrella in the rain.", "A man in a green tee holding an umbrella", "A man is standing by the street holding an umbrella.", "A man is standing under an umbrella in the rain. "]
["A person standing next to a gray and brown dog.", "Brown and black dog looking at a person holding a frisbee. ", "A dog looking up at a person, in front of a tent. ", "A dog eagerly awaits instruction during a competition.", "A dog is waiting for a person to throw a frisbee."]
["a black dog is holding a fed and green frisbee", "A black dog carrying a frisbee in grassy area.", "A black dog holding a Frisbee in his mouth.", "A black dog standing in a  field holding a frisbee in it's mouth.", "A dog holding a frisbee in its mouth."]
["A  frisbee is flying over the dog's head.", "a dog watching a frisbee fly over his head in a park", "A dog standing on top of a dry grass field.", "A dog looks up where a Frisbee is just above him.", "A dog looks up at a flying disk."]
["A dog is jumping with a Frisbee in its mouth. ", "A black dog carrying a frisbee in its mouth. ", "A dog jumps into the air to catch a Frisbee.", "A dog is catching a frisbees in the air that was thrown to him.", "A dog jumping in the air with a frisbee in its mouth."]
["THERE IS A MAN THAT IS PLAYING MUSICAL INSTURMENTS ", "People who are standing on a wood floor and doing a performance.", "A band wearing suits playing in a room. ", "Magicians are performing a trick at a party.", "Some people are about to perform a dance on the floor. "]
["A couple of people walking down a street holding umbrellas.", "Two people with umbrella's walking down a street.", "Two people walking down a wet street holding umbrellas.", "SEVERAL PEOPLE WITH UMBRELLAS WALKING IN THE RAIN", "People are walking down a street in the rain."]
["a group of people crossing the street while holding umbrellas in the rain.", "Pedestrians walking across the street at an intersection holding umbrellas.", "City street crossing with everyone holding up umbrellas. ", "Several people crossing at a crosswalk holding umbrellas.", "Different people crossing the street in the rain holding umbrellas."]
["A man in a suit on a plaza, holding a blue umbrella in the rain.", "A man with an umbrella walks in the rain", "A man with suit and tie holding an umbrella walking down the street in the rain.", "A man in suit and tie with umbrella in rain.", "This man is walking in the rain while holding an umbrella."]
["A bear or some type of large animal is gripping a tree. ", "a big bear sits on top of a tree ", "A bear in the top of a tree holding on so he does not fall out of it.", "A black bear naps while nestled in the branches of a tree.", "A black bear sitting high up in a tree."]
["a single black bear standing beside some shrubs ", "Small black bear standing in front of a wooded area. ", "The bear is on the edge of the grass next to the woods.", "A small black bear standing on a lush green field.", "A black bear is seen in a field from a distance"]
["two black dogs tugging at a purple frisbee", "A couple of dogs fighting over a purple frisbee.", "Two black dogs fight over a frisbee on the beach while another dog watches.", "Two black dogs fight over a toy while a third dog looks on.", "An article is seen here in this extraordinary picture. \n"]
["Two dogs pulling on the same play toy in a park", "Two dogs fighting over a frisbee in a yard.", "Two dogs in a field playing with a Frisbee.", "There is no photo here to provide a caption for.", "Two large dogs are in a park with a frisbee."]
["A large dog sitting in a  chair next to a glass top table.", "A large dog resting in a striped armchair.", "A dog sitting on a chair in a room. ", "A dog laying on a red arm chair.", "A dog lounging comfortably in an arm chair"]
["A group of young people holding hands standing in front of a tall building.", "People with their arms stretched out posing for the camera in a city plaza.", "Eight people standing in pairs of two and shaping their bodies like letters to spell a word.", "an image of people posing for the camera", "Some peope are spelling something in the street"]
["A frisbee that is flying in the air.", "A boy in the distance has thrown a Frisbee at the camera.", "A blue frisbee is seen mid flight to the other person", "A frisbee is in straight shot of a photographer as the thrower watches.", "A young man standing behind a blue frisbee."]
["A dog is lying in bed with its head on a pillow and it is sleeping.", "a white and brown dog laying in a bed", "A dog sleeping on the pillows of a double bed.", "a brown and white dog sleeping on a bed with a blue comforter", "A black and white dog laying on a bed."]
["A dog playing with a sheet in its mouth as the camera flashes light on its eyes.", "a dog pulling on a sheet with its teeth.", "A black puppy chewing on a blue sheet.", "A dog has shining eyes on a blanket.", "A dog lies in bed with the top sheet in his mouth."]
["A large brown bear laying on top of a giant rock.", "A brown bear lounging on a gray rock", "a brown bear is laying on a rock and some trees", "A bear lying on a rock in its den, looking upward.", "A bear lying down on a rock formation."]
["Furry bear walking in a thick grassy area.", "A wild animal walking through the overgrown grass and weeds.", "Two animals are in tall green grass together", "A bear is knee high in the grass.", "A pair of black bears move about in a field."]
["A man and woman throwing a frisbee on the beach.", "Two people playing frisbee on a beach on a sunny day.", "Two people play Frisbee on the sand barefoot", "Two people playing frisbee with each other on the beach.", "A young boy and a young girl playing catch on a beach."]
["Two zebra standing next to each other in a  forest.", "Zebras grazing on cut grass under a tree in an enclosure", "Two zebras are standing in the grass near a tree.", "two zebras are standing on some dirt and a tree", "Two zebras grazing in an enclosed area with shade trees. "]
["A frisbee sitting in a sports bag sitting on the ground.", "A black and white photo shows a frisbee disc.", "A frisebeedisc standing up along side other objets.", "Black and white photo of a well-used Frisbee and backpack", "A white frisbee sitting in a cluster of other items."]
["Group of people standing in a field playing with the frisbee. ", "Three people standing in the grass playing frisbee.", "Several young men playing frisbee on a grassy field.", "a couple of people that are playing catch", "two people in a field playing with a frisbee "]
["A group of men are playing frisbee in the park.", "Several men at the park playing Frisbee football. ", "This is an ultimate frisbee match. The player in red is about to throw the frisbee.", "Men running in an open field playing Frisbee.", "The men run while playing a game of frisbee."]
["Some guys playing with a disc in a grassy field.", "A pair of men playing frisbee against each other.", "A man extends his arm with a Frisbee in hand as another reaches to grab it while teammates watch. ", "A man is reaching up for a frisbee in the air", "Several people are playing Frisbee in a park."]
["The dark skinned man is throwing a fresbee in the park.", "A smiling man stands in the dirty playing with a frisbee.", "A man is playing with a toy near a wooded area.", "A man is throwing a Frisbee in the sand. ", "A man is playing with a Frisbee in front of a car park sign."]
["A zebra in a cage at a zoo next to a walkway.", "Several zebras standing in pens and separated by fenced enclosures.", "A zebra standing in the corder of a cage.", "a zebra standing by himself in a cage", "A zebra stands with its head down in its enclosure. "]
["A group of people playing frisbee against each other.", "Two ultimate frisbee players defending against an opponent\n", "Groups of young men and women are playing Frisbee on a grassy field.", "A group of people playing frisbee in a field", "A group of people playing with a Frisbee in a mowed field. "]
["Two men in orange shirts and two men in white shirts diving for a white frisbee. ", "A group of men in a green field playing Frisbee.", "A crowd of people playing a game of frisbee.", "Four guys are fighting over a Frisbee on a field near many others. ", "The men are trying to play a game of Frisbee on the grassy field in the park. "]
["A group of men playing frisbee in the park.", "Men in a park with a white frisbee.", "A group of young men playing a game of frisbee.", "A couple of men playing frisbee against each other on a field.", "Several young men playing frisbee on a field."]
["Two zebras and two wildebeests stand next to a watering hole.", "The zebras and other animals are standing in the fence.", "a number of animals near a body of water in a field", "black and white picture of zebras and antelope", "The zebras are by the water with the other animals. "]
["People are throwing a frisbee in the grass near houses.", "A man jumping up in the air catching a Frisbee.", "Several people playing frisbee in a suburban park.", "Two men are playing frisbee outside some houses.", "A guy catching a Frisbee in a large field."]
["A group of girls play frisbee outside together", "a group of people playing frisbee on a grass field.", "A group of people play ultimate Frisbee in a large field.", "Several people play Frisbee in the park while a family has a picnic.", "Several people are in a park and one is catching a Frisbee."]
["A duo of women playing against each other in frisbee.", "Two men standing on a lush green field holding a white frisbee.", "Two people playing with a Frisbee on the grass. ", "Two women in grassy field playing with a frisbee.", "The woman are playing a game of Frisbee in the grassy field. "]
["some people playing with a frisbee in the park", "Three young men playing a game of frisbee.", "A group of people standing on top of a grass covered field.", "Three men play Frisbee in a park dressed in long sleeved clothing.", "Guys in the park playing Frisbee golf on a cold day."]
["Two men are playing together in a park.", "Two friends have their picture taking while they are playing around.", "two people in a field of green grass with trees in the back ground", "two men are playing together on the grass", "Two people laughing in the middle of a green field."]
["some people are on some grass playing frisbee", "a group of people on a a grassy field playing a game", "Two people on a field playing frisbee with a referee watching.", "Athletes colliding on playing field trying to catch flying disc.", "the people are playing and  jumping for the frisbee"]
["A GROUP OF PEOPLE PLAYING FRISBEE IN A GRASSY FIELD", "Two players watch as a team member catches the frisbee mid-air.", "a man jumping in the air catching a frisbee in a park", "People playing a game in a wood gated field.", "Players are on a grassy field and one is catching a frisbee."]
["a group of people standing in the park playing with a frisbee", "Several kids are playing Frisbee at the park.", "A group of men on grassy field playing a game of frisbee.", "Group of guys playing frisbee in the park.", "Several young men playing a game of Frisbee together."]
["A man playing Frisbee golf in front of a Frisbee cage.", "A frisbee inside the chains with a man in the background. ", "A man wearing  red shirt tossing a frisbee into a chain link basket.", "A young guy standing by a tree while playing outdoor activities. ", "A man throws a disc into a disc golf hole."]
["A man standing behind a blue frisbee as it approaches a net.", "a person in a field with a frisbee ", "A young man throws a frisbee into a basket.", "The man is throwing a Frisbee in the air. ", "A man with a hat is throwing a frisbee."]
["Two zebras forage on the ground for food in a wildlife exhibit.", "Two zebra standing next to each other in a stable.", "Two zebras grazing on hay in an enclosed pen.", "Two zebras are grazing next to each other.", "THERE ARE ZEBRAS EATING IN A FENCE IN ZOO"]
["A vase with a painted of a man and a horse on the side of it.", "The urn has a convex shape and a lot of ornate artwork that includes the image of a horse and man. ", "some kind of vase with some pictures on it", "The picture captures a close up of one side of an old Greek vase.", "An ancient looking urn painted with a man caring for his horse. "]
["A vase with designs of horses and men.", "A vase with a painting on it's side on top of a table.", "an ancient vase on display in a glass case", "This is an old picture of an old base someone recovered while looking for artifacts", "A large vase is decorated with warriors and horses."]
["A little girl riding a pony and man holding the pony's reins. ", "A man walks beside a girl on a horse.", "A girl riding a Shetland pony being led by a man in a green field", "a man leading a little horse with a girl on its back ", "a person riding a horse with a person walking near by"]
["A horse running on a dirt road in the open.", "The rider view of a horse ride on the beach.", "there is a horse that is walking along the water on the beach", "A horse is walking in the sand along the water.", "A view from the back of a brown horse on a beach."]
["Three horses covered in blankets are walking through a field.", "Three horses are walking through the grass wearing blankets.", "A herd of horses walking across a lush green field.", "A couple of horses sitting in the middle of field.", "Three horse wearing coats walk around a large field."]
["The lady is looking through the bars at a horse.", "A woman stares at a brown house in a stall.", "A woman looking at a horse in a stall.", "A woman looks at a horse that is kept in captivity.", "a woman is looking at a brown horse with a white stripe on its nose"]
["A child is petting a small horse that he stands beside.", "A little boy standing next to a pony near hay.", "A toddler is standing next to a horse who is eating hay.", "A young boy petting a pony while it eats.", "A small child standing next to a small horse eating hay."]
["A brown horse with flowing blond hair standing on top of a field.", "A horse that is standing in the grass.", "Two horses in a field of brown grass.", "The hair in this horse 's mane is long. ", "a brown and white horse and a black horse in a field"]
["A WOMAN IS STANDIGN NEXT TO A WHITE HORSE ", "a lady poses for a picture with a horse ", "A beautiful woman standing in front of a white horse.", "A woman is posing next to a white horse.", "A woman standing beside a horse while she has her arm around it."]
["A brown horse grazing in an open plain.", "A horse grazes for grass on a plain.", "A horse is standing in the grass eating.", "a horse standing in the the middle of a field with a little grass ", "The horse is eating grass from the ground."]
["A brown horse standing on the side of a road.", "a hose standing by the side of a road ", "A pony stands between the ocean and the road.", "A very pretty horse standing by the road near the water.", "A horse stands in the grass between a road and a river."]
["A man wearing skis going past a sign.", "A man riding skis down the side of a snow covered ski slope.", "a skier going down a slop in the snow", "A skier is racing down the race track in competition.", "A man using his skis to jump a small hill."]
["A man standing on a snow covered mountain in a heavy jacket.", "A man in ski gear taking a selfie on a snowy mountain.", "A skier holds his skis as he stands in the mountains.", "A man dressed for the snowy mountain looks at the camera.", "Man on skis looking at the background on a snow course. "]
["oranges in a bowl around a bowl a marbles", "A bowl of blue rocks surrounded by oranges.", "a butterfly sitting on an orange slice in a blue bowl", "A bowl of cut oranges on an outside table.", "An orange butterfly sitting on an orange inside a bowl"]
["A red bowl in the center of a plate with olives and lemons on the outer plate.", "A butterfly sitting on a slice of orange in a bowl.", "This is an arrangement of pebbles and fruit with a butterfly sitting on an orange slice.", "A red bowl filled with beans surrounded by orange slices.", "A bowl of blueberries surrounded by a platter of sliced oranges."]
["A banana sitting on top of a black record.", "A record player with a banana on a record", "A vinyl record on a record player with a banana on top.", "A ripe banana atop a vinyl phonograph record on a turn table.", "A banana is taking a ride on a turntable."]
["A man is holding skis and ski poles.", "A smiling man in a skiing outfit holds his skis and poles ", "The man has all of his ski equipment on to go skiing. ", "A man wearing a ski suit holds his skis and poles.", "A man holds up a ski and a pole."]
["There is a male skier riding down a snow hill", "A skier in professional gear moving down a snowy slope.", "A skier wears the emblem of the USA while performing maneuvers.", "A man in ski gear on snowy slope with trees in the background.", "A man skiing on top of a snow-capped slope"]
["A helmeted and goggled skier leans to get around an obstacle.", "A downhill skier sharply turning in a slalom course", "A professional skier skis bumps a rail on a ski course.", "A man riding skis down the side of a snow covered slope.", "An Olympic competitive skier furiously rounds the corner."]
["A man and woman hold hands as they are skiing.", "A couple of men riding skis under a red structure.", "There are two people skiing down a hill.", "Two skiers finishing a possible race holding hands ", "To Scears going down the side of a mountain over a red overpass. "]
["A fruit stand with many varieties of fruit with price signs.", "A market with tons of fruit on display with prices.\n", "A lot of fruit being sold in baskets.", "Many kinds of fruit are displayed on sale.", "A produce market filled with fresh fruits and vegetables."]
["An assortment of fresh fruit including banana, pears, and a banana.", "Two lemons, and orange and a banana artfully arranged on a table.", "a banana sitting next to a lemon and an orange ", "Five pieces of fruit that have a yellow color.", "the oranges are all on the table with a banana"]
["There is a banana and a donut on a white plate ", "A banana, a glazed doughnut on a plate, and a cup of juice.", "a plastic plate with a doughnut is next to a banana and a glass of orange juice", "A white paper plate with a doughnut on top of it.", "A doughnut on a plate and a banana."]
["The stalk of bananas is still very green.", "A banana tree has green fruit in a bunch.", "A banana tree has sprung a huge bunch of fruit.", "A tree filled with leaves and a bunch of bananas.", "Bananas hang unripe from a tall tree in the amazon "]
["A woman standing inside of a farmers market.", "this is a produce stand with a lady buying greens", "The woman is shopping in the produce section of the store.", "A woman is inside a grocery store looking at vegetables in the produce section.", "a woman in a brown shirt shopping for produce"]
["THERE IS A NUT AND A ORANGE YOGURT AND AN APPLE", "A healthy meal with fruits and walnuts and yogurt.", "some pecans in a bowl next to an apple, orange and some yogurt", "An apple, orange, yogurt, and peanuts that are sitting in a plastic bowl. ", "A bowl of something next to two fruits."]
["There are four groups of fruits setting on a stone bench.", "A table topped with oranges and apples sitting next to each other.", "Several piles of apples and oranges displayed on a counter.", "Giant apples and oranges piled up in four stacks on the bench", "Some apples and oranges that have been stacked up."]
["A person on some skis in the snow.", "A skier is standing in the snow amongst a crowd of other skiers. ", "The skier is posing near a lot of other skiers.", "Woman standing in the middle of a walkway with her personal skis on.", "A crowd of people wearing skis on a snowy mountain."]
["A banana leaning on a lemon that has its end sliced off in front of a spaghetti squash.", "Half cut lemon, melon,and banana are kept on the table.", "A banana, cut lemon, and another fruit lays on the counter", "A sliced lemon, a banana, and some other yellow produce.", "A still photo of a lemon, banana and a melon."]
["LARGE COLORFUL OUT DOOR FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STAND", "The Big Bananas Nightshop sells produce, including apples and bananas.", "A market under a white awning with various foods on display.", "Big Bananas Nightshop sells a variety of fruits.", "A big fruit and vegetable store showing the outside displays."]
["A baseball player is squatting down with his mitt raised.", "A baseball player catching a ball on a baseball field.", "A baseball catcher reaching out to catch an incoming pitch.", "A catcher getting ready to grab a baseball", "A person that is catching a ball in a baseball game."]
["Batter, catcher and umpire in a game of baseball.", "A baseball player who is swinging at a ball.", "A baseball player swings to hit a baseball and a catcher reaches for the ball.", "A baseball player batting while a catcher and umpire wait behind him and people watch from the stands and dugout.", "A baseball player swinging at a baseball while the catcher is behind him with hand extended to catch the ball."]
["An umpire and catcher kneeling down next to each other during a baseball game.", "A boy playing catcher and an umpire behind him.", "THERE IS A BASEBALL GAME GOING ON ", "a baseball player playing catcher with an umpire behind them", "A catcher is kneeling with his baseball glove extended."]
["a small child swinging a bat on a baseball field", "A boy hitting a baseball with a bat while a man watches through a gate. ", "A young man swinging a bat over home plate.", "A child swings his bat at the ball during a baseball game.", "A boy is swinging his bat at the ball in a baseball game."]
["Bunches of bananas are hung on a chain beneath a pipe.", "Six bunches of bananas hang from a chain at a market.", "Bunches of bananas hanging from a wire in front of a store.", "Several bunches of bananas hanging on a display. ", "Bananas hanging outside during the day with other items."]
["A pitcher and umpire during a baseball game.", "A baseball player stands in front of the umpire on a pitchers mound with his hand held back holding the ball.", "a baseball player throwing a pitch from the mound", "A baseball player is pitching the ball during a game. ", "A pitcher throwing a ball at a baseball game."]
["A group of people cross country skiing through a forest.", "A couple of people on some skis in the snow.", "Three people with backpacks on skies moving up a hill.", "A group of people in deeply rutted cross country ski trail. ", "Skiers are hiking up the mountain in the snow."]
["A person wearing skis going up a hill in the snow.", "Skier on slope in alpine mountain area on sunny day.", "A skier is on the side of a snowy  hill", "A man going up a snowly incline pausing to smile at the camera.", "a person riding skis on a snowy surface"]
["A man on skies going through the woods.", "A skier is approaching the woods, at the end of a run.", "A person riding skis through a forest holding ski poles.", "A skier wearing a backpack is headed into the forest.", "A skier is skiing toward a tree line."]
["A large orange hanging in an orange tree.", "A ripe orange on an orange tree with sun shining on it.", "A fresh orange fruit still on the tree.", "An orange on the tree surrounded by leaves.", "An orange in a tree with the sun shining on it."]
["Closeup of an orange stuck between a tree an its branch.", "An orange sitting on a branch in autumn", "The orange is wedged into the branch of a tree.", "An orange is wedged in tree branches and leaves.", "An orange sitting on the branch of a tree."]
["A man holding a snowboard next to two ski poles.", "A man stands next to his skies in the snow.", "Showing off his snowboard on a beautiful mountain.", "a person standing next to a snow board with mountains in the background", "A skier stands on a snowy slope in his gear."]
["A plastic dish of some vegetables and fruits.", "A plastic container with lots of fruits and vegetables", "A blue dish holding a variety of fruits and vegetables.", "Colorful collection of fruits and vegetables with some type of \"baby\" decorations", "A small blue tray of different types of food."]
["A person wearing skis bent over looking through a backpack.", "a man standing on a pair of skis in the snow", "Someone using their ski poles as glove holders. ", "A person standing on skis with a backpack in front of them.", "a snow skier getting in his backpack while hanging his gloves on his ski poles"]
["A plate topped with steaks, broccoli and carrots.", "A plate of meat sits on a plate with vegetables. ", "a plate of broccoli, carrots, rice and meat", "An entrees made up of meat and broccoli sits upon a plate.", "A dinner plate is arranged with meat, broccoli and carrots."]
["There is a large amount of bananas hanging up. ", "Bunches of bananas are hanging from wooden poles.", "This room has several bunches of bananas hanging on poles.", "Bunches of bananas hang from crossbeams to ripen.", "Bunches of ripe bananas hanging from ropes in a room."]
["a man standing on a pair of skis on the grass", "The man smiles while walking with skis down a grass slope.", "A person riding skis down a grass covered hillside.", "A man on skis walking on skis across the grass", "A man wearing gear on his feet walking in the grass."]
["Two black plastic containers filled with meat, gravy and veggies.", "Two small containers on a table, one with veggies and one with a main course.", "A lunch box with raw vegetables, toys and an entree on a terry towel.", "a bunch of veggies are in a small black bowl", "Vegetables and other types of good are in two black containers."]
["An oriental meal of rice, meat and vegetables in black boxes.", "A rectangular lunchbox displays some delicious looking food.", "A meal with steamed vegetables and meat, there are plastic babies in the meal.", "Serving boxes full of fresh vegetables,rice, and meats.", "Two food trays showing vegetables, rice, and meat. "]
["Two men on skis going down a mountain slope.", "THERE ARE BOYS SKIING ON THE SNOW BANK", "A group of young men riding down a snow covered slope.", "Two people skiing down a snowy slope in a line.", "People on skis are riding down a hill."]
["A person trying to get up after falling while skiing.", "Someone standing in the snow with their skii's. ", "A skier attempting to get out of a snow bank on a hill.", "A skier struggles in deep snow with their lost ski.", "A man in black snow pants is knee high in the snow next to white and red skis that are also stuck in the snow."]
["a snow skier doing a trick some snow and trees", "a person that is  on his butt in the snow", "A person on snow skis sitting down on the snow with the skis pointed upward and holding the ski poles in their hands.", "A person who is sitting in the snow with skis.", "A person on skis falls down a mountain."]
["A person holding a plate with strawberry cake on it.", "The desert is served up on the pink plates.", "A person is holding a piece of a birthday cake.", "a slice of stawberry birthday cake on a paper plate ", "someone holding a plate with a piece of cake on it"]
["Food has been plated on two separate small trays.", "Multiple food items sit prepared in two black dishes.", "Two plates with neatly assorted meats and vegetables. ", "A tray of different types of food on table.", "two bento box meals with meat and vegetables"]
["a container seperated by two compartments having fruits and veggies", "Two rectangular dishes hold a variety of fresh snack items.", "a close up of a plastic container with food inside", "A bento box with broccoli, tomatoes, blackberries, carrots, edamame, and rice with a smiley face.", "This is a tray of fruits and vegetables"]
["A couple of men playing a game of frisbee in a park.", "Two men throwing a baseball with a bridge in the background.", "Two men play catch with each other at the park.", "People are standing in a park playing ball near a bridge.", "Two men playing pass with a baseball on a large grassy area."]
["Skis and ski boots sit together on a tiled floor.", "a pair of skis next to a pair of ski boots.", "A pair of green, yellow and orange skis.", "A pair of green, yellow and orange skis sit next to a pair of green ski boots.", "Skis and ski boots sit next to each other on a floor. "]
["A man riding a snowboard across a snow covered slope.", "A person that is snowboarding in the snow.", "A snowboarder stands in the snow while holding his head. ", "Skier on a snowboard at a ski resort.", "A MAN IS ON THE SNOW BAORD STANDING "]
["A man flying through the air while riding skis.", "A man in the air with his skis on near trees. ", "a person jumping a pair of skis in the air", "A man jumping over a snowy hill on a ski trail.. \n", "Skier in the air on fresh powder snow."]
["A person is snow skiing and is in the middle of a jump.", "A snow skier is off the ground in the snow.", "A single person on skis, skiing past some trees", "A person on some skis in the snow.", "A skier coming down the slope next to flocked evergreens", "A person skiing down a snow covered mountain."]
["A snowboarder is sliding quickly along a snowy hill.", "Skier in red outfit kicking up snow on a run. ", "A person in black jacket skiing on a slope.", "A person on snow skis and with ski poles skiing down the side of a snow covered slope with trees in the background.", "a man using ski poles while snowboarding down a hill"]
["A snowy photo of someone on a pair of skies. ", "a young man in wearing skiing gear and skiing down the mountain", "a person in a red jacket skiing down a hill on a cloudy day", "The skier in the red coat is spraying clouds of snow. ", "A man riding skis down a snow covered slope."]
["A person riding some skis in the snow.", "A slalom skier making a quick turn to his right", "An Olympic skier who is racing down a mountain", "A person in white and red snow suit skiing on a slope.", "a person riding skis on a snowy surface"]
["A man riding skis down the side of a snow covered slope.", "A skier racing down the mountain going through a gate.", "A skier on a snowy hill near some poles.", "A skier is headed around the train track in the snow.", "A person leaving a trail of snow as he glides on his skies."]
["a group of people riding skis on a snowy slope", "A group of skiers and snowboarders on a snow hill.", "Four people standing on the side of a mountain on snow skis.", "People standing on side of ski slope while another poses in cartoon costume.", "A guy wearing a turkey outfit on a ski slope."]
["different slices of banana cut in halve length wise", "Peeled and cut  plantains are getting coated with seasons .", "Bananas and other fruit sitting on a towel.", "A sliced up pile of bananas sitting on a cloth.", "some slices and pieces of yellow bananas on a towel"]
["A young male sitting and eating next to a skateboard.", "A man is eating while sitting in the park", "a young man with his skateboard takes a break to eat lunch", "A young man eats a snack while taking a break from skate boarding.", "A man with a skateboard eats a meal."]
["A man wearing a North Carolina basketball jersey performs skateboard tricks", "The kid is riding his skateboard in the park", "The skateboarder balances on the rail of a cement step.", "A man with a skate board is performing on an obstacle.", "Skateboarder performing trick on rock slab in skate park."]
["some food is laying on a white and blue plate", "a plate with blue flowers, cheese, blueberries, apple slices, on bread.", "A plate of small waffles with blueberries, apples, and syrup.", "A white plate topped with waffles and fruit.", "Two waffles with syrup and fruit on a white flowered plate."]
["A skateboarder is making a rim turn and resting on edge.", "A skate boarder reaches the top of the ramp during a trick.", "GUY ON A SKATEBOARD COMING DOWN FROM THE TOP OF RINK", "Sepia image of a skateboarder about to descend a skatepark bowl wall.", "A person skateboarding on a ramp, doing a trick."]
["A man riding up the side of an empty swimming pool on a skateboard.", "A person skating alone in a skate park", "A man is riding a skateboard on a ramp", "A BOY IS SKATE BOARDING ON THE SAKTE RMAP", "A skateboarder is flipping off of the edge of a bowl."]
