["A man that is sitting on a motorcycle.", "A person riding a motorcycle on the cement near grass.", "a person on a motorcycle in motion on a track", "A person riding a motorcycle taking a sharp turn.", "The man is riding his bike on the track."]
["Two speed motorcyclers turning a corner very sharply", "Two people on white and red motorbikes race very quickly.", "Two motorcycles racing on a track next to grass.", "two people on motorcycles driving down a track ", "two people riding motorcycles near one another "]
["A red motorcycle with a back seat parked on the side of a road.", "A tricycle is shown on the side of the road.", "There is a nice tricycle motrocycle parked on a sidewalk", "A red motorcycle with three wheels and two seats.", "a close up of a three wheeled motor cycle"]
["Cat in a closet with baggage and misc.", "A cat laying next to a pile of luggage in a doorway.", "A cat inside a messy closet beside various handbags and suitcases.", "a cat with a tag sits on carpet next to suitcases", "a cat that is laying down some bags"]
["A picture of a lot of motorcycles together.", "A fleet of motor bikes sit parked on the concrete.", "A parking lot full of fancy, high price motorcycles.", "A large group of motorcycles are in a lot.", "A motorcycle parked among a group of motorcycles"]
["A picture of a painting and a couch.", "A train cabin that contains a couch, a mirror, a picture, and overhead bins.", "A blue seat in the back of a bus with a painted above it.", "A picture and mirror hang above the seat. ", "Some sort of a blue sofa sits in a small room; a mirror and a picture hang above it. "]
["A massive wooden ship beached on snow covered ground.", "A large boat propped up on the beach.", "Wooden ship with rusted off paint sitting on the beach. ", "An old wooden ship being held up on land.", "A big wooden boat is sitting in the sand"]
["A small black dog watching an animal on a TV screen.", "a small black dog is starring at a television", "The black dog sits watching another dog on the television screen.", "A dog that is looking at a television.", "A dog watching a television that is displaying a picture of a dog."]
["The living room has a dog sitting on the floor watching the television. ", "A black dog attentively watches another dog on television.", "A dog watches a show of a dog on a tv", "The black dog sits on the wooden floor watching a television.", "Black dog sitting on wooden floor watching television in living area."]
["Inside of a living room with a cat watching a tv.", "A small dog sitting on the floor and watching another dog on TV.", "The dog is watching a televised scene in which another dog, poised on a bank is witnessing an emergency on the water.", "A dog is sitting in front of the T.V.", "Television being admired by cat in the corner of the room."]
["A cat sitting on a floor in front of a flat screen TV.", "a small dog is sitting in front of the tv", "Two dogs and one that is white is in a cage and someone is putting their finger in the cage while the black dog is sitting out on a wooden floor.", "A cat watching a TV depicting a dog in a cage. ", "a dog on the ground walking dogs on tv "]
["A man with a TV in the middle of no where.", "A man standing in a field next to a chair with a TV in front of it.", "A man holds his arm out toward a teddy bear in a chair in front of a television set in the desert.", "A man that is next  to a chair.", "A man, TV,  and chair with a stuffed animal are outside."]
["A tv, chair, side table, and other living room items in the dirt. ", "A person is in a field and sitting on a chair in front of a television. ", "A person sits in a chair in a field with a tv set.", "A tiny stand with drinks on it, an elderly chair piled with toys and an afghan, and an ancient TV set, make a bizarre tableau, sitting on dry, red earth with meager grass, bordered by a dirt path and a lonely road lined with sparse trees.   ", "Television set with armchair and small table in empty lot."]
["A very large living room with many bright windows.", "A living room takes advantage of two focal points via a wraparound couch.", "A sun filled living room decorated in a modern style", "A room with a couch and a tv monitor and windows", "Small living room with a white fire place in the center. "]
["A fighter jet flying through a sky above water.", "White toy airplane with red on its tail. ", "a white jet with black letters is flying ", "Computer generated image of a Marines jet in flight", "A military airplane model flying over the ocean."]
["A plane parked next to a truck next to a house.", "A garage with a car inside, a red truck and a small airplane. ", "A truck and an airplane parked outside of a home. ", "a red truck  an airplane and a car in a garage", "A truck and a propeller plane are parked near a house."]
["An airliner taking off from an airport runway.", "A jet airliner sits in front of the runway.", "An airplane on the runaway near the roads.  ", "A large Ryanair jet moving on a taxi way at the airport.", "A large commercial jet on the runway with fields in the background."]
["An airplane can be seen traveling through the clouds.", "a plane is flying through some dark clouds", "In layers of clouds flies a lone airplane.", "a jet is flying across a very cloudy sky", "A passenger jet that is flying in some clouds."]
["A broad panorama of several people getting together.\n", "two people in a terminal both pulling red suit cases", "Man and woman with red luggage in airport. ", "Two people holding suitcases while pointing at something", "A couple of men carrying a couple of red bags of luggage."]
["A fighter is jet flying through the clouds", "a jet flying thru the air with a sky background", "A plane that is in the air with some dirty smoke.", "A jet plane flying through the sky under clouds.", "A fighter jet flying through a cloudy sky."]
["a cake decorated with an airplane has lit candles in it", "a birthday cake for a 6 year old with a picture of a plane on the cake.", "A birthday cake has an airplane on it.", "A birthday cake with a plane and 6 candles for a boy's birthday.", "A birthday cake with the candles lit celebrating a 6th year old kid named Emmett."]
["A United States air plane taking off .", "An old single engine plane taking off from a runway.", "A small blue airplane is preparing to land on the tarmac.", "A blue and white fighter plane on runway next to trees.", "A blue single engine airplane taking off a runway. "]
["A little boy is sitting on a statue of a sheep.", "Kid reclining on fake sheep by the edge of the boat", "The small boy is riding statues of sheep.", "A little boy is sitting on one of the cow statues.", "A little boy sitting on a statue of a lamb ."]
["A white airplane is parked on a green runway.", "A colorful tail sets this airplane apart from the others.", "A truck is driving next to the wing of a large plane. ", "A picture is taken out of an airplane window showing the wing.", "a big plane sits parked in an air port "]
["A small propeller airplane taking off from a runway.", "A camouflaged military airplane from a bygone era.", "A small single engine plane getting ready to take off.", "A small airplane is landing on a runway.", "Small acrobatic plane on runway with white smoke in background."]
["Pair of giraffes in an open field grazing and watching. ", "A griaffe standing in a meadow staring at the photographer.", "Two giraffes standing in a grass field near some trees.", "Two giraffes in a savannah one is standing and the other is kneeling and eating something.", "Two giraffes stand freely in the open field."]
["Three giraffes in grassy field next to trees.", "Three Giraffes are standing in a row and they are all different sizes.", "Three giraffes stand together, surrounded by many trees", "a close up of three giraffes with trees in the bakground", "Three giraffe standing next to each other near trees."]
["A combination of black and white sheep grazing in a meadow", "Lots of black and white sheep grazing in a field. ", "a herd of sheep standing around a field with grass", "A herd of sheep grazing on grass in a field.", "SHEEP AND RAMS IN A FIELD OF GRASS"]
["A late night, long-exposure picture of a city street.", "A still picture of traffic traveling at night.", "A lighted up highway splits in to in a nightime photograph.", "A city with streets, lights, street signs, and buildings.", "City street at night with cars and street lights on. "]
["A large giraffe is looking at a person from the other side of the vehicle. ", "A giraffe is being observed by a woman in a bus. ", "A person is looking at a giraffe from a window.", "A giraffe beside the windows of a train going by ", "Tourist in vehicle looking out window at giraffe in open area."]
["A city street filled with lots of traffic at night.", "A bunch of different cars that are in the street.", "some cars buildings lights signs and people on a street ", "Several cars driving down the road at night.", "Taxi cabs stuck in traffic in a busy city."]
["A bird perched on the back of a white bench.", "a big bird sitting on the side of a bench ", "A lonely bird sitting on a white bench. ", "A bird setting on the back of a park bench with trees in the background.", "A haw sits perched on top of a bench in the woods"]
["A view from a window high up in the sky.", "A bunch of mountains seen from a plane window.", "The window from a plane overlooking the ground.", "The view of a mountain area from an airplane window.", "An aerial view of mountains and lakes from an airplane window."]
["Red stoplights that are next to a train.", "A train crosses over a street by a stop light.", "A commuter train that is crossing over a street.", "A yellow and metal train traveling down train tracks.", "Railroad stop gates down for a passing passenger train."]
["A railing next to a dock with a warning post and life preserve available.", "a bench near a hand rail near another bench", "a safety tube hanging on a pole overlooking a river ", "An empty, fenced-in corner with benches and a red life preserver.", "Two benches sit inside rails on the edge of a harbor. "]
["A large white airplane flying beneath a blue sky.", "An airplane is flying high in a big blue sky.", "There is a large plane is flying in the sky", "A commercial airplane flying during the clear day.", "An airplane flying in the air with a cloudless sky."]
["A couple of giraffe standing by a tree in the grass.", "Two giraffes in a field, one eating leaves off a tree.", "Pair of giraffes feeding on leaves from trees in open field.", "Two giraffes in a wooded area eating trees. ", "A couple of giraffe standing on top of a dry grass field."]
["a cat is sitting on a wooden bench outside", "A cat is sitting on a bench in front of two windows. ", "A cat sits on a bench next to a building. ", "A cat with a concerned look sitting on a bench.", "A long-haired grey cat sits on a park bench."]
["A large passenger jet sitting on top of an airport.", "Passengers leave a bus to board a jumbo jet parked on a tarmac. ", "A bus and several people are near a plane on a tarmac. ", "A plane is loading on a large runway", "People are getting off of a large bus onto a commercial airplane."]
["A plane sitting on top of an airport tarmac.", "Multiple airplanes are parked at the air port.", "Several airplanes on a runway at an airport.", "A couple of large and a are sitting at an airport", "A couple of large airplanes parked next to some buildings."]
["A tall giraffe standing next to a fence under a tree.", "An adult giraffe leaning over a steel zoo fence.", "A giraffe is looking at leaves over a fence.", "A giraffe eating some leaves over a fence.", "A giraffe bending his neck over a tall metal fence."]
["A giraffe that is standing near a fence.", "A giraffe standing under a leaf filled tree.", "A giraffe eating tree leaves over a fence.", "a big giraffe eats some leaves over a fence ", "There is a giraffe near a small tree."]
["A street with barely any traffic line with street lights.", "The electronic traffic signal above the street has green lights.", "Three green lights that are over a road.", "A road with several cars and a green traffic light.", "a street view of street lights that show green with cars in the street"]
["A school bus that has a great deal of graffiti on it.", "A blue bus is parked in the sand on the beach.", "A bus parked in a parking lot behind another car.", "A blue bus with graffiti sprayed all over it.", "A bus parked in a beach parking lot is covered with graffiti. "]
["People are working their way through busy traffic", "some cars and a bus driving down the road ", "An overview of street with cars and buses on it.", "A busy city street with motorcyclist, buses, cars, and pedestrians.", "This aerial photograph shows a bus and vehicles on the road."]
["A man and woman sitting next to each other on a park bench.", "People sitting on a park bench holding an umbrella.", " a man and woman sitting under an umbrella on a bench", "A man holds an umbrella for his companion as they sit.", "The couple is sitting on the bench at the top of the sunny steps."]
["A giraffe standing on a lush green hillside.", "The head and upper neck of a giraffe with a hill behind it and a staircase and building on the hill area.", "a close up of a giraffe with a hill in the background", "A sad giraffe looks away from camera in captivity.", "A giraffe blinks in an enclosure surrounded by grass. "]
["A guitar case rests on an empty bench", "A pile of luggage sitting up against a metal bench.", "A guitar case and some luggage sitting alongside a sitting bench.", "Guitar case with travel tags leaning against a bench.", "A guitar case sits among luggage on a metal bench."]
["A large blue bench sitting next to bottles.", "There are some empty liquor bottles underneath a bench.  ", "Several empty glass bottles standing on ground beneath blue bench.", "A collection of bottles beneath a blue bench.", "Several glass beer bottles under a park bench."]
["a number of cars on a city street near a traffic light", "Cars are stopped at intersection at sundown. ", "Cars stopped at a red light while the sun is setting.", "A red light is shown over a busy street.", "A city street at dusk time with traffic."]
["A giraffe eating grass from a stick near a bridge.", "A giraffe eating grass while people stand above him near a glass fence. ", "The giraffe is eating some food while people watch.", "A giraffe eating grass is standing near a crowd watching.", "a big giraffe eats some tree leafs "]
["A giraffe is crossing the road by some shrubbery.", "A giraffe standing on a rural road next to trees.", "A tall giraffe is crossing a street alone.", "a giraffe crossing a paved street into a straw field.", "A giraffe crossing a secluded road to the wilderness."]
["An empty bench next to a potted tree up against a brick wall.", "A park bench and decorative tree next to a building.", "Small potted tree next to bench on a porch.", "A bench is placed next to a fake tree.", "A potted tree siting next to a bench in front of a brick wall."]
["A bench outside against a wall with several flower pots in front of it.", "A bench on someones cement patio next to dead flowers. ", "A wooden bench sitting next to a white building.", "An old porch with a wood bench set.", "A wooden bench that is on a stoop. "]
["A wooden bench placed in front of a brick wall.", "A wooden bench is sitting in front of a red brick wall with two holes in it.", "A bench that is in front of a brick wall.", "A wooden bench sitting below two port holes.", "a wooden bench sits in front of a brick wall "]
["The reflection of a bus in a vehicle mirror", "A school bus is being shown in a rearview mirror.", "There is a side mirror reflecting a bus.", "Review image in a mirror of a school bus.", "A convex mirror hanging from the side of a bus."]
["A sidewalk sitting along side of a building at night.", "A payphone next to a garbage can on a street.", "a trash can sitting next to a payphone on a sidewalk ", "A lit up sign attached to a building during the night hours", "An old fashioned payphone on a sidewalk on a street"]
["a few big buildings with roads next to them", "A great shot of a very lit up city. ", "Large, tall buildings sit on streets as cars fly by.", "you can see many buildings and cars along these city streets", "A city street near some skyscrapers has little traffic."]
["A wooden bench with a black box on top of it.", "A black box left on a wooden bench", "Black box or case on a bench in a public area.", " wooden bench with a black box on top of it on a sidewalk.", "A small black step on a busy street."]
["Cars stopped at an intersection on a dark night", "The traffic stopped so the person could cross the street. ", "Lines of traffic in a city at night.", "The idiot crosses the city street directly in front of oncoming traffic.", "The bright lights of many cars and street lamps shine underneath a bridge."]
["A man and a woman in wedding attire feeding a giraffe.", "A young bridal couple standing next to a giraffe.", "Giraffe leaning forward towards a man and a woman. ", "A newly married couple feeds a giraffe together. ", "a couple in animal orphanage feeding a giraffe"]
["A walkway lined with green trees next to park benches.", "A tree lined street with park benches on it", "A courtyard is shown with trees and benches.", "A park pathway lines with trees and park benches.", "A tree lined city pedestrian area during autumn"]
["Giraffes standing in and around a cave area.", "Several giraffes in zoo enclosure with grass and trees.", "A giraffe stands outside a stone shelter while a second giraffe stays inside.", "A GIRAFFE HALFWAY INSIDE A MAN MADE PART OF HIS SURROUNDINGS", "Two giraffes in a beautiful zoo with a large rock shelter"]
["A picnic table on a porch overlooking a body of water.", "a bench sitting in front of a body of water ", "A bench that is sitting on a sidewalk.", "A picnic table is sitting in front of a bench that is in front of a body of water. ", "a table with attached benches sitting beside another bench "]
["a small giraffe that is walking around on dirt", "A small giraffe walks down a path near some rocks.", "The giraffe is walking around on the sand.", "A giraffe is walking on the beach next to rocks", "a giraffe walking along a barren path with rocks in background"]
["A city worker repairing a traffic light over a street.", "The Electrician is going up to fix the lights .", "A Utility Pole Worker standing inside of the boom of a bucket truck.", "a man being lifted by a work truck fixing a traffic light", "A worker takes a stoplight down from the pole.  "]
["A row of benches on a boat casting a shadow.", "Three wooden benches next to a rail near water.", "Three wooden benches positioned on a wooden boat dock.", "Several wooden benches one in front of the other by the water.", "Three benches sitting on a deck by the water."]
["A wooden swings hangs in a park next to a river.", "A bench hanging from a tree, beside a river.", "A wooden swinging bench in a grassy field with a river behind it.", "A wooden swing attached to a tree near a river.", "A wooden swing hangs above plush, green, grass."]
["A blue and yellow double decker bus on a street.", "The double decker bus is painted with a sign Fox's Ginger Biscuits.", "A double decker bus parked along a street.", "Blue and tan double decker bus advertising FOX's Ginger Biscuits.", "A cream colored and blue bus sitting in a parking lot."]
["A giraffe standing next to a palm tree.", "A giraffe standing next to grass and palm trees.", "A giraffe is standing in the bushes in the zoo.", "The tall adult giraffe is standing by itself. ", "A giraffe is standing in a grassy area."]
["A couple walking down a path by the waters edge.", "Couples sitting and walking next to a river", "Some people sitting on park benches near water", "A man and woman walking past people sitting on benches", "People are sitting on benches as they watch people walk by."]
["A very large, older bus sitting in the grass.", "an old passenger bus sitting between two trees in a yard", "A STREET BUS CONVERTED TO A MOTOR HOME", "A white bus parked next to a tree on a green field.", "A big old bus parked in a yard in the grass "]
["A bench has been built next to an old stone building. ", "Lone bench on side of hill next to very old brick building.", "A bench on a small hill beside a stone building.", "A bench at the top of steps on the side of a grassy hill next to a large building.", "A wooden bench outside of a brick house."]
["The SWAT team approaching a school parking lot.", "Armed soldiers are running towards a yellow bus.", "Men in SWAT gear running with guns drawn. ", "A group of military people running towards a school bus.", "Some men in armoured gear are passing by a bus"]
["A bright green bus is driving in traffic down a road.", "a public transit bus on a city street ", "The green bus has a sign that says orange motors.", "A green bus moves down a busy street in this image.", "A green bus parked on the side of a road."]
["A large boat floating down a river next to a walkway.", "Brown park bench facing a large blue cruise ship. ", "A large model ship and boats in the park", "A cruise ship on the river, white and black.", "A cruise ship is in the background with a bench in the foreground."]
["A road filled with traffic led by a big blue bus.", "a blue bus traveling down a two way street", "A blue tour bus drives down a road in front of two cars and a motorcycle.", "The city bus is traveling down the road. ", "A blue bus driving down a street next to a forest."]
["A motorcycle drives on the street beside a city bus.", "A large bus and a man on a motor bike.", "A very big white city bus on a street with traffic.", "A motorcyclist is driving down the road between a bus and a car.", "a public bus on the road in a foreign country"]
["a large citi bus in the street around some trees", "A colorful bus driving down the street with open windows.", "A red and white bus appears to be parked under a large tree.", "The old city bus is painted with red and green stripes. ", "a public transit bus on a city street "]
["Power lines lined with hundreds of birds at twilight", "Traffic lights are hanging from power lines with birds on them.", "A great many birds sit on power lines.", "Birds cover the wires over a busy intersections.", "An evening scene shows power lines and stop lights."]
["A large long bus on a city street.", "A very colorful passenger bus traveling a tree lined road.", "A city bus is traveling down the street.", "A white and red bus captured on a street.", "A bus driving down the road near a line of trees."]
["Odd red fire hydrant with an Asian lady standing next to it.", "a person standing next to a large fire hydrant", "Woman texting on cell phone walking down sidewalk by large red fire hydrant.", "A woman walking past a fire hydrant looking at her phone.", "a large fire hydrant on the corner of a street"]
["Someones hand holding on to their bike while beside a road with a bunch of sheep", "a long line of sheep walking down the road ", "A view from a bicycle on a small road with many sheep in front.", "A flock of white sheep is on the road.", "Biker going down a road with a large herd of sheep"]
["A red and white fire hydrant on a sidewalk at the park.", "A red and white fire hydrant sitting in the snow.", "A red fire hydrant is on a leafy sidewalk.", "A red fire hydrant on a city street.", "A fire hydrant near a curb with leaves around it."]
["Tourists watching a man running with horned sheep down a dirt road", "Small herd of goats running on unpaved road with three male onlooker.", "there is a herd of animals running infront of a man", "Three men watching a herd of goats run down the road.", "Three men are walking behind a herd of rams on the street."]
["A pathway leading to an outdoor open shed.", "this is a small shed on a grassy lawn", "Small lean-to with covered seating in a garden path.", "The park has a stone rock trail leading to structures. ", "A small building and a thin large tree."]
["A woman sitting next to a  man on top of a purple bench.", "People are sitting on the ground on odd benches.", "A pair of people sit on a bench on the ground.", "A couple sitting on a bench that is just arms rests and a back on the ground.", "Some people sitting in the grass leaning against some wooden rest."]
["Fair-goers sit in the shade outside a carnival tent.", "The outside of a tent area with various people siting down on benches and the grass.", "People sitting near a colorful striped canvas tent.", "People being social outside a large colorful amusement tent.", "A huge tent with a few people sitting around outside it."]
["A bunch of sheep are standing in a field", "A herd of sheep behind an fence in a field", "A herd of sheep near a fence on a farm. ", "There are sheep grazing on the grass in a corral.", "A grass field area with a group of sheep that are together and facing a fence."]
["Black and white photograph of people standing in shore next to bus in water.", "Three people are in the water by a bus.", "Three people on some land surrounded by water looking at a bus.", "Three people stand near some water watching a bus drive by. ", "A bus sitting on the side of a river on muddy ground."]
["A man that is standing in the dirt.", "a vintage photo of a man looking at a bus", "A bus is traveling through flooded land. ", "a person walks near water and there is a bus driving through it", "A bus filled with people and luggage is crossing a small stream."]
["The red bus has an anime girl on it. ", "Anime themed bus traveling down a tree lined street.", "a red blue and white bus riding down a empty street ", "The back of a bus in Japan with a Sailor Moon character on it.", "A photo of the back of a public transportation bus with anime advertisement."]
["a few rows of benches and a few people sitting on them", "A park has many benches and some trees and bushes.", "A view of several benches where people are seated near bushes and trees.", "a concrete box holding a tree and some plants ", "a couple of people sitting on a bench sits next to a tree"]
["Two benches sit in front of a large store.", "The star is a decoration by the trees and benches.", "Two benches near trees and a metal cover over that area. ", "two benches near one another near some trees", "This looks like the front entrance to a school with a star put outside."]
["a big bus that has some people by it", "Double Decker commuter bus near stop with pedestrians on sidewalk.", "A bus at a bus stop with people getting on and off the bus.", "A group of people are next to a double decker bus.", "some people and a blue white red and orange double decker bus"]
["a red, blue and tour bus with people standing outside of them", "Many double decked buses are lined on a bridge and three of them are red and one is blue.", "There are four double decker busses with people walking outside", "A group of four tour buses parked in front of each other.", "A group of red and blue tourist buses going over a bridge."]
["Sheep with numbers painted on them in a green grass field together.", "a herd of sheep wih numbers sprayed on their backs eating grass ", "some white sheep with blue numbers are grazing", "a flock of sheep are numbered for a sale", "Tagged animals are grazing on grass in a field"]
["A man with umbrella is exiting a triple-decker bus.", "A triple decker bus is parked behind railing.", "A man stands next to a blue double decker bus.", "A triple decker stacked purple bus is shown as artwork.", "A man exiting a small blue triple decker bus."]
["A red medical ambulance bus parked and waiting for people to board.", "a close up of a medical ambulance on a city street", "a fairfax county red medical ambulance bus with its doors open", "Modern medical ambulance bus parked on a sunny day", "An ambulance bus with the door open sits on the street."]
["a guy that is sitting on a park bench with a news paper", "A man sits on a park bench while reading the paper. ", "A man sitting on top of a wooden bench.", "A PICTURE OF A MAN READING THE NEWSPAPER ON A SIDEWALK ", "A man sits alone reading a newspaper on a bench."]
["A line of people is getting on to a bus.", "THERE ARE PEOPLE THAT ARE STANDING NEAR THE BUS ", "Group of people standing next to a red bus in a line. ", "Four people are standing in line to board a red bus.", "A person checking papers as people board a bus."]
["Several benches next to each other in front of bushes. ", "A row of empty benches outside on a brick sidewalk.", "A row of red park benches on a brick walkway at a park.", "A couple of benches sitting in the middle of brick road.", "This is a series of benches along a busy street"]
["A snowy scene of trees and a road.", "A snow covered landscape with two trees and road..", "A park bench sitting in a snow covered field", "Tall trees sit in an open field covered in snow.", "A snowy park scene with two main trees"]
["A woman is sitting outdoors eating some food. ", "Woman eating food sitting on park bench with bikes in background.", "A woman eating a sandwich on a bench near the street.", "A woman sitting on bench eating food with people riding bikes behind her.", "The woman is eating outside on the bench. "]
["A park bench on rocks next to a grassy field.", "A bench is sittin gon the side of a hill", "Single park bench atop stones near natural setting.", "A metallic and wooden bench on an open field", "A rundown park bench sitting next to a bush in the park."]
["a long wooden bench on a sidewalk next to a street.", "Outdoor artwork resembling steel beams displayed at curbside.", "a broken public bench stands on a city street", "A brown and silver bench rests on a side walk.", "Two cars are parked across the street from a sidewalk bench."]
["A bench sitting next to the ocean with purple bows on it.", "A park bench with purple tule tied to the back overlooking a rocky beach.", "a wooden bench near the beach decorated with purple chiffon", "A bench of some sort with purple things tied to it.", "The bench by the water is decorated but empty. "]
["A red and white bus on street next to a building.", "A red and black bus is stopped on the road.", "The city bus has pulled over to the side of the road. ", "A transit bus riding down a street to its stop.", "Public bus travelling down road past apartment buildings."]
["A public bus parked at a bus stop", "A red bus is stopping at a bus stop.", "A bus stopped in front of a bush stop with a shelter.", "A bus at a bus top with the doors open.", "a red and blue passenger bust parked at a bus station"]
["A British bus makes its way down the road. ", "A bus driving along a busy street passing a building to its left. ", "A travel bus is parked on the side of the road. ", "A bus is parked at the side of a street.", "A bus and car on a city street."]
["Wooden and black bench on the side of the road. ", "A wooden bench sitting on a sidewalk next to a street.", "A wood bench sits on a city sidewalk", "A wooden bench sits on a gray brick sidewalk.", "This pictures shows a wooden bench on a street side."]
["the people are using the kiosk on the TAB van", "People purchasing items from a green bus outside.", "A gambling bus is parked on the side of a road.", "A portable green betting bus parked on a street", "A man places a bet at a betting truck in a parking lot."]
["Two children sit on a wooden bench in a forest.", "two kids sitting on a bench out doors ", "Two children sitting on a wooden park bench in the middle of the woods.", "Two children sitting on a wooden bench in nature. ", "the boy and the girl sit in the park together"]
["A row of buses sitting next to each other in front of a tall building.", "A couple of buses are parked next to each other. ", "A row of transit buses of different colors parked together.", "A line of buses parked along a wall by a building.", "there are many different busses that are parked next to each other"]
["People get on a bus on a street next to a building. ", "There are people climbing a bus on the street.", "People are beginning to board a large green bus. ", "Green and yellow bus parked near curb with people boarding.", "A green and beige bus parked on the side of a road."]
["two green and one grey parrot perched on a branch.", "Three birds sitting on a wooden perch, two green, one gray", "Trio of large birds sitting next to each other on wooden perch.", "A group of birds perched on a piece of wood", "Two green birds are perched next to a gray bird"]
["A red and white fire hydrant sitting on a field of grass.", "A pole with a chain sits by the sidewalk.  ", "A red and white fire hydrant near the street.", "A red and white fire hydrant beside a side walk.", "A small fire hydrant is attached to a pipe."]
["A red double decker tourist bus goes around town", "A tourist bus is parked in a bus lane. ", "a double decker tourist bus parked on the side of the road", "A red double decker bus driving past a building behind a tree.", "a very colorful double decker bus on the street"]
["A flock of geese being chased by a dog.", "a dog is having some fun chasing some wild ducks", "A dog chasing after a flock of geese.", "A dog chasing a group of birds outside.", "A dog chases a flock of ducks in a green field."]
["A silver bus on street next to buildings.", "A long bus driving down a street with tall buildings.", "a bus driving down the road that's blue and green", "A CITY BUS IS GOING DOWN THE STREET ", "A very big city bus on an empty city street."]
["A yellow and blue bus parked at the end of a street.", "The truck is parked behind the big bus.", "A photo looking down at a parking area with garbage and old vehicles.", "There is a bus and a truck parked near two buildings.", "A bus and a truck parked in a messy lot."]
["A red, white, and blue bus that is parked.", "A trolley parked in front of a bunch of potted plants.", "Empty red and blue trolley bus parked on a street.", "A tour bus is empty on a downtown road.", "A colorfully painted trolley parked on the street."]
["A passenger bus traveling down a street behind a red car.", "A pink bus is behind a pink car on a road.", "A pink bus with Arabic writing on the side of it.", "A pink bus travels down a busy street.", "A bus and others vehicles are sitting in traffic. "]
["A giraffe and a boar standing at the side of a pond.", "A giraffe standing on the side of a pond of water.", "a giraffe rinsk soem wate rin a nice pond", "Two animals are standing by a pool of water.", "A giraffe is looking at the camera while standing by the water."]
["Several calves graze and wander around a snowy field.", "A field full of dogs and cows grazing in the snow.", "A bunch of black animals in a field of snow.", "A herd of animals grazing in the snow. ", "A bunch of animals in a snowy field"]
["a herd of sheep walking across green grass.", "A person on a horse is riding near dogs and sheep.", "A man on a horse corralling sheep with his two dogs.", "A rancher and two dogs corralling a herd of sheep.", "A man and two dogs gathering a herd of sheep."]
["Red bus passing by a famous clock tower. ", "A London street with a castle and clock tower in the background.", "A long red bus traveling past the Big Ben clock tower in London.", "A large red bus driving down an English street.", "A double length bus is stuck in traffic"]
["A group of sheep is standing in a grassy field.", "A bunch of sheep outside on a farm. ", "Black faced sheep in a paddock at dawn", "A group of lambs that are standing in the grass.", "The sheep are gathered under the picturesque tree."]
["Two birds that are sitting next to each other.", "A close up of two tropical birds perched on a metal frame.", "Two small birds perched on top of a metal bar.", "two canaries perched on a metal rail outdoors.", "Two birds of different colors on metal bars."]
["A double decker bus driving down a street past a tall building.", "Double Decker bus on roadway with other traffic in urban area.", "A double decker bus is parked in front of the car.", "A white double decker bus next to a brick building.", "A red car waiting in traffic behind a large bus."]
["A giraffe is eating grass from the feeder", "A giraffe in an enclosure feeds from a straw dispenser. ", "A giraffe is getting hay out of the box with his mouth.", "Giraffe eating out of a feeding bin inside and area with a chain link fence.", "A baby giraffe is eating grass from a food box."]
["The giraffes are spending a lot of time in the forest.", "A giraffe in the middle of a bunch of trees and tall grass.", "a big giraffe walks through a forest ", "A giraffe looks toward the viewer as it stands next to some trees.", "The giraffe was standing under the trees while some other animals roamed near by."]
["Three giraffes in an enclosure are in different poses.", "Three giraffe standing next to each other on a grass field.", "Two adult and one baby giraffe between stacked logs and a pond.", " Baby giraffe bending down to drink water from a pond.", "three giraffes in their pen and one is by some water"]
["A lone giraffe standing in the tall bushes.", "A young giraffe is standing in the middle of the forest.", "A smaller giraffe is standing in the green grass. ", "A giraffe stands underneath a tree in the grass.", "a giraffe standing along in the woods by its self"]
["A drawing of a yellow headphone cord and an ear piece,", "This photo depicts one parking meter with a wall in the background.", "A parking meter is standing by itself on the side", "the meter is yellow and black and there is a white wall behind it ", "The parking meter is empty by the building."]
["A sign letting tourist know where to file elephant complaints.", "a sign for a for the tourist office", "The blue and white sign gives information about elephant issues.", "a sign with simple text outside on the sidewalk", "A sign reads \"Complaints About Elephants To Be Made Here\"."]
["A giraffe kneeling in the grass near a fence.", "A giraffe bent over eating grass standing by a fence. ", "a baby giraffe bend over to eat some food", "A giraffe crouching down to eat grass ", "A large giraffe walking across a lush green field."]
["A giraffe near a white door on a brick wall. ", "A giraffe standing next to a brick wall.", "a big giraffe stands in front of a building ", "A large giraffe standing outside of an enclosure.", "A giraffe looking to its right in a zoo pin."]
["Yellow 'DIP' sign along a small town street.", "A sign showing there is a dip in the road", "A dip sign next to a tree and road near a church.", "a quiet street with a tree and a dip sign next to it. ", "A rural road with a yellow road sign with the word \"Dip\" written on it's face."]
["A house and a lighthouse is located near the water.", "A bird stands on rocks across the water from a lighthouse.", "Seagull on rock with ocean and lighthouse in the background.", "A seaside perspective with a cottage, lighthouse and seagull.  ", "a light house in the distance on a hill near water"]
["A young girl standing on a field with a flock of birds.", "so many kids at the park playing with their parents", "A kid is standing near a flock of seagulls and a playground.  ", "Children frolic on a playground that is filled with seagulls.", "Children are at a park and looking at birds."]
["a sign hanging up that says waterman ave", "A huge street sign is attached to an indoor ceiling.", "A blue street sign in font of hanging yellow peppers and onions. ", "A street sign hanging from the ceiling in a room with a fan on the wall.", "A street name sign hangs from a ceiling inside a building."]
["a small boat in a large body of water ", "Two people riding a boat with flags flying from it.", "Two workers sit in a boat near a bridge.", "Two uniformed people in a boat in murky water.", "a bunch of people standing inside of a boat "]
["A sign next to a stone wall stating the road name.", "A view of a sign on the side of a building.", "A road sign is posted next to a rock wall.", "A road sign by a stone wall and dirt path.", "A road sign sits up against a brick wall."]
["A street sign on the edge of a street.", "The sign points out where water might be.", "a street sign sits in front of a building ", "a black and white sign some cars dirt and bushes", "A sign for Water Lane by the side of a building."]
["A decorated street sign for Queen Street with two blue signs below. ", "A close up a street pole with a homemade street sign.", "We are looking at a street sign at the corner.", "A pole holding the street sign for Queen Street is decorated with a painting of a queen.", "A street sign for queen street with a colorful representation of the street on the pole"]
["A small dog standing next to a person in blue jeans.", "A dog with a hat on its buttocks next to a person.", "a little white dog has a cowboy hat placed on his back end", "A small white dog with a hat on his rear end.", "A dog with a hat on it's butt sniffing someone's shoe."]
["A post box is standing along the sidewalk.", "A red sign sitting on the side of a road.", "We are looking at a mailbox on the sidewalk..", "A sign stands in the middle of a side walk. ", "Two street signs on sidewalk next to street and trees."]
["Debris on a corner outside of a building near a street sign.", "a building with a sign out front of it cluttered with brooms", "Two street signs on the side of a building.", "A very run down street corner, with a few street signs on it.", "A two story building with a green street sign in front of it."]
["A couple of birds sitting on a grass covered field.", "A black and white image of two birds in the sand.", "Tow black birds standing in an open field. ", "It's dangerous to get between an avocet and its nest.", "A black and white photo of two birds walking in a grassy field."]
["A group of people standing around a green train car.", "People are standing next to a green bus and a building.", "People are standing next to a green subway train looking at their phones and talking.", "Young girls are gathered around a green parked train waiting.", "A girl standing in front of a train texting while other passengers wait on a platform."]
["A train crosses an intersection while cars wait.", "a track that has a red railroad track", "A couple of cars sitting at a traffic light as a train goes by.", "An orange train traveling down a city street.", "Cars are stopped at a stoplight as a train passes. "]
["A big, fat bird has some crazy hair", "A bird sitting on a rail near a fence and bushes. ", "A large bird is perched on top of the rail", "this is a big blue bird with red eyes inside an enclosure", "A large try bird standing on a metal ledge near some leafs. "]
["A close up of a street sign stating street table.", "Street sign in a city neighborhood reads \"Speed Table\"", "There is a street sign with speed table posted on it.", "A yellow traffic sign sitting in front of a tree.", "A street sign announces the location of a speed table. "]
["A guy in funny hat holding a very big bird.", "A man that is holding a falcon in his hand.", "A man is holding a pigeon in one of his hands. ", "A man holding a large bird on his left hand.", "The man has a very big bird on his arm."]
["A group of cows that are standing in the grass.", "Cows eating grass and drinking water near a wooden windmill", "a number of cows on a field near some water ", "a big windmill that has some cows near by", "A windmill sits on an island with several cows drinking from the water."]
["a photo of a train on a bridge above a river", "A commuter train moves along tracks above a river with green banks.", " Train rolling down tracks to go out to country side", "A train driving on a bridge thats over a body of water.", "A train crossing a bridge over a shallow river."]
["A train coming out of a bridge next to a  river.", "A train crossing over tracks over  a river", "There is a train crossing a bridge over a river", "Commercial trains passing overtop of each other in a city. ", "A train rides through a tunnel as another crosses on a bridge."]
["The train is pulling passenger cars down the track.", "A green locomotive parked at a train station", "A train traveling past a train station next to a forest.", "a green train engine with some red train cars on a track", "A long train is sitting stationary near a building and series of trees."]
["A long train parked in front of a train station next to a  loading platform.", "a train on a track near a platform ", "The caboose of a train at a station on a sunny day.", "a train sits parked at a train depot ", "A train is pulled to a stop beside a train station."]
["Several people crossing at an intersection with traffic lights. ", "a group of people that are walking down the sidewalk", "A temporary sign indicating that a road is closed.", "A group of young people are crossing the street.", "THE LIGHT IS GREEN BUT THERE IS A DIGITAL SIGN THAT SAYS MASON ST CLOSED"]
["a couple of birds swimming in a lake ", "a couple of geese are on the water", "Two birds floating in calm water, touching beaks.", "Two swans in a body of water rubbing beaks.", "two gray ducks touching beaks in the water"]
["A group of pigeons, swans and ducks clustering around water. ", "Several kinds of birds on snow covered pavement and in the water, near city buildings.", "Ducks, geese, and birds are in and around a pool.", "Birds including pigeons and swans in and next to some water.", "A group of different types of birds standing around a lake."]
["Several beer signs above various businesses on a narrow street.", "there are many beer signs on the side of buildings", "View of street lights and street signs hanging from the buildings", "A street view of a bunch of pubs, in a small alleyway. ", "There are several beer signs across from street lights."]
["Two white doves huddle close together while sitting on a branch.", "Two birds are sitting next to each other on a branch.", "Two doves are nuzzling on a branch in the trees.", "Two white birds cuddling on a tree branch.", "THERE ARE TWO BIRDS THAT ARE TOUCHING EACH OTHER "]
["A couple of birds sitting on a tree, with a blurry background.", "Two birds perched on the branch of a tree.", "A couple of hummingbirds sitting on a tree branch.", "there are two small birds that are standing on a tree branch", "Two birds perched on a tree branch outside. "]
["OLD RUSTED BOXCARS STILL SITTING ON A SET OF TRACKS", "The rusted old train car is setting next to the street.", "two rusty old train cars sitting on the track with no engine", "A rusty train car is sitting on the side of the road.", "a couple of train cars sitting by a fence "]
["there is a old rusted train sitting on the ground", "A antique steam engine rusting in a train yard. ", "An old rusty black steam engine on the side of the road. ", "A very old and dirty train is parked at the tracks. ", "REALLY OLD AND RUSTY TRAIN WITH GRASS GROWING UNDERNEATH"]
["several yellow trains with graffiti designs on them", "A train that has graffiti on the side of it.", "Yellow passenger train with graffiti on the side of it. ", "A train with some colorful graffiti on the side is seen.", "very many trains  at the railway station to their directions"]
["A train with graffiti all over it is on the tracks.", "A train that is dirty with graffiti stationary on the tracks. ", "A train with graffiti on the tracks next to a building full of graffiti.  ", "A pair of train tracks with a train in the background covered in graffiti. ", "Passenger train with graffiti on it sits next to a building with graffiti on it. "]
["Upward closeup of crossed street signs in a winter setting.", "We are looking at a road sign with two street names.", "Two street signs are displayed with the branches of a tree in the background.", "Two green street signs sitting under a tree.", "A view of two street signs one reads Elm and the other Catawba."]
["A blue van passes by a cement wall with graffiti.", "A gray wall with graffiti written on it. ", "A car traveling along a road with signs and graffiti", "A picture of a car parked on the side of a road.", "a van that is parked next to a concrete wall"]
["Two large trains at a modernized train station, people walking about.", "Train station boarding area with pedestrians walking near by,", "A blue and white train with it's doors open at a train station. ", "People departing a train walk under a bridge supporting an elevated train.", "A train station with a lobby of people walking around."]
["A cat is walking around in a field with another cat.", "A cat laying in front of a silver ball.", "a close up of a cat laying on the ground near a mirror ", "A cat that is sitting by a reflective ball.", "a cat laying next to a silver ball in the yard"]
["A person walking down a sidewalk at night.", "a street sign on an urban street in the dark", "A person walking down a sidewalk on a busy street at night.", "A city street in the dark; perhaps a solar eclipse.", "Busy city street at night while pedestrian walks on sidewalk"]
["A street sign on top of a pedestrian crossing sign.", "close up of a street sign with a sky in the back ground", "A street sign with a pedestrian crossing sign.", "A street sign at an intersection of two streets.", "a cross walk sign at Old Morgan School Place"]
["A train traveling down tracks through a field.", "The bus is travelling through the grass outside.", "A train engine that is being looked over by an train engineer.", "a train is traveling down the train track in the grass", "Two men standing by a corner of a train car."]
["A man riding a bike down a street next to a street sign.", "A man is riding a red bicycle down the street.", "A person on a red bicycle on a cobblestone street with street signs.", "A man is riding a bicycle through a crowded intersection.", "A person on a bicycle riding down the street. "]
["A yellow train traveling down tracks next to a green field.", "A train on a railroad track with steam in the air.", "A yellow train is on tracks near some brush and trees.", "Red and yellow train on train tracks near a forrest. ", "A yellow train on one out of the two tracks going by."]
["Stop signs on the side of the street near vehicles and the city", "a car on a street near many trees ", "A scene from an intersection with two stop signs and a cityscape.", "a couple of red stop signs are on a street", "The stop signs indicates where the intersection is."]
["A stop sign on a pole near a road.", "A photo of a stop sign next to a road. ", "A stop sign in next to a road in an area with a lot of trees.", "A stop sign beside a narrow, tree-lined road.", "Pedestrian stop sign on rural roadway warning pedestrians to stop before crossing because traffic does not stop."]
["A person wheeling a hand truck across an open market.", "Outdoor pavilion in Dubai with several people walking through it.", "A man working on the pavement in front of a famous building.", "A man pushing a hand truck past an overpass.", "A man pushing a dolly across a street next to a stop sign."]
["a stop sign and railway crossing sign on a pole", "Grass grows over the tracks at a railway crossing.", "an old railroad with a stop sign with graffiti on it", "A red stop sign covered in graffiti under a train crossing.", "A railroad crossing with two tracks on a rainy day."]
["a stop sign on a wooden pole in front of an empty field.", "A stop sign that is in the middle of no where.", "A stop sign set against a sweeping background.", "A stop sign in a grassy rural area.", "A stop sign with the mountains in the background."]
["there is a close up picture of a train going down the tracks", "a train moving on the rail near a forest", "A long red and blue train traveling along train tracks.", "A train moves along the railroad tracks in a wooded area.", "A red and blue passenger train traveling through countryside."]
["A red stop sign mounted on the side of a light pole.", "A stop sign on a short light pole at an empty intersection.", "A stop sign is on a short light pole in the middle of the street.", "Stop sign on a lamp post on a Y section of road.", "There is a stop sign on a street pole"]
["Sepia photograph of a stop sign next to row of mailboxes.", "A sepia-toned photograph of a broken stop sign propped up on a row of mailboxes. ", "A red stop sign leaning over on it's side.", "A stop sign is next to a row of mail boxes off of a dirt road. ", "The stop sign is laying over on the mailboxes."]
["A red stop sign sitting on the side of a road.", "A stop sign, right before a drive way.", "A stop sign near a stone wall on a street.", "A stop sign in front of a stone fence.", "A stop sign on street next to brick wall."]
["A building has a stop sign right in front of it.", "Stop sign and no entry sign in small village.", "Small road marked by a stop sign and do not enter sign.", "Two traffic signs next to a blue building.", "Two street signs up against an older building on a street."]
["A red stop sign under a green street sign.", "A stop sign with street signs above it in a tropical city. ", "a street stop sign sits in front of a palm tree", "STOP sign with street labels in front of palm tree. ", "Stop sign and street signs in a residential neighborhood."]
["There is a blue and yellow train stopped at a train stop", "A train is stopping at station to pick up people.", "A train is pulled up to a platform where people are waiting.", "A passanger train pulled to a stop on the tracks at a train station.", "The train is stopped in the rural station."]
["A large long train on a steel track.", "A train sitting next to a platform in a train station.", "a train parked in front of a terminal", "A train is at a station labelled number '2'.", "A train engine pulled into a secluded station."]
["a stop sign and a bus stop sign", "A stop sign and a bus stop sign are attached on the same pole.", "A stop sign that is in the middle of a rural area.", "a couple of signs on a pole outside", "A stop sign with a bus route sign attached to it."]
["a train on train tracks at a train station", "a train sitting next to a railway platform.", "A train stopped and letting people on. ", "Multi colored locomotive at the front of train cars in depot.", "A locomotive is pulled up to a shiny boarding area."]
["a long train going along the train tracks", "A empty train parked on one of three tracks.", "A train locomotive pulls many empty rail cars behind it. ", "there is a train that can be seen coming up the tracks", "a parked train sits on the train tracks "]
["A red stop sign that says \"PARE\" near a brick intersection. ", "A red stop sign sitting on the side of a road.", "very many vehicles on the street being parked", "A stop sign at a small street corner", "A red stop sign that is standing on a sidewalk."]
["The train is stopped on the railroad tracks to pick up passengers.", "A long green train sitting inside of a train station.", "a long green train on some metal tracks", "A train engine with several carts sitting in a station.", "A train pulling into a station where people are waiting on a platform."]
["A parking voucher machine on a snow-covered sidewalk.", "A close up view of a big parking meter by some cars.", "A parking meter near a snowy curb and parked cars. ", "an atm machine is on a sidewalk outside", "a black and silver parking meter next to two cars and snow"]
["A person standing next to a vehicle on a street.", "A parking meter attendant servicing a meter outside.", "A man repairing a parking meter sitting on the side of a road.", "A man with a car fixing a parking meter", "a parking meter repair man working on a parking meter."]
["A man wearing a parking meter repair jacket pushing a cart down a sidewalk.", "a man on the street  with some tools", "A man walking down the sidewalk with a cart.", "A parking meter repair person walking down the street.", "A parking meter repair man walking down a street."]
["A parking meter sitting on the side of a road.", "an expired parking meter, in a big city.", "a close up of a parking meter ", "A close up of a parking meter on the side of the street.", "A closeup shows a blurry meter and a cityscape in the distance."]
["A semi truck pulling a large blue boat down a road.", "A tractor trailer towing a boat sits parked at a construction site.", "There is a truck carrying a large boat on a flat bed", "A boat being transported on a tractor trailer.", "an image of a truck carrying a boat on it"]
["A green and red dump truck parked behind a building ", "a green and red truck parked in a parking lot beside a building.", "A dump truck is parked near a brick building.", "A 1950s Ford pick up standing in front of the building waiting on a parking pad", "Red and green truck parked crookedly by a driver in a hurry to get to the ATM."]
["A large construction site for a bridge build.  ", "An elevated highway being constructed over a road", "A truck of some sort moving along a road.", "A truck on the street near a large concrete platform.", "Utility vehicle driving down a road with an overpass in construction."]
["A truck that is sitting in the street.", "A colorful delivery truck driving past a tall building.", "A truck covered with fairly skillful graffiti, including an image of an octopus.", "A truck parked on a city street with graffiti on it.", "A cartoon covered truck parks in front of a city building.", "A truck with elaborate paintings all over it."]
["a big yellow truck parked next to a building", "A yellow truck driving past a white house.", "A yellow truck that is sitting in the grass.", "a yellow work truck is on a street", "The large truck is parked by the side of the road."]
["A black and white cat laying on a couch holding a stuffed animal.", "A black and white cat with a red stuffed toy.", "A sleepy cat on its back playing with a stuffed animal", "A cat lies on the couch next to a computer while holding a red stuffed toy.", "A black and white cat is cuddled with a red toy."]
["A black and white cat sleeps next to a stuffed bear.", "A cat with its eyes closed sitting next to a teddy bear.", "A cat with his eyes closed sitting beside a teddy bear", "a cat that is next to a stuffed animal", "A black and white cat with his eyes close next to a brown teddy bear. "]
["A man with a backpack on with a cat hanging out of it.", "A man with a backpack and a cat peeking out from it.", "A man wearing a back pack with a cat inside of it.", "The cat is sticking his head out of the backpack.", "The man is carrying the backpack with a kitten in it."]
["A cat laying on top of a bag sitting on a floor.", "A Tabby cat laying on top of a black backpack.", "The orange and grey cat is lying down on a black backpack. ", "stripped cat on top of a black suitcase", "A cat that is laying down on a bag."]
["a black kitten sits in a designer bag", "A small kitten playing inside a women's purse", "An adorable black kitten standing inside of a brown purse.", "Small black kitten sitting inside a designer handbag.", "a little back kitten standing in a designer purse"]
["An eightteen wheeler rolls down the evergreen tree lined highway toward a snow capped mountain.", "Truck hauling cargo (possibly logs) near snow capped mountain", "A semi truck on a road next to a snowy mountain.", "a semi truck driving a road by a snowy mountain", "a road lined with trees with large mountains in the background"]
["A cat is laying on the floor with its paws in a shoe.", "A pretty cat with both front feet in someone's shoe", "A cat has arranged itself mostly on a rug, but with its front paws in a shoe, as it rests on the shoe's mate and spreads its tail under a wooden stool.", "A cat that is laying down on a pair of shoes.", "A cat that is sitting on some shoes."]
["An orange and white cat laying on top of black shoes.", "A white and gray cat sniffing a woman's heeled shoe.", "A cat is smelling a lady's shoe heel.", "A cat sniffing the heel of a shoe.", "a cat sits on top of a shoe with its nose on the heel"]
["a large white cat laying next to a closet and black shoes", "A cat is lying on a floor between two shoes.", "a cat in the middle of the floor next to shoes", "A cat laying on top of a pair of black shoes.", "Grey and white cat sitting between a pair of shoes. "]
["A gray and white cat happily hugging a shoe.", "a white gray and black cat is sleeping on a shoe", "A small cat laying its head on a shoe.", "A cat is snuggling with a dress shoe.", "A white cat with a dark patch on his head has his arm under a shoe and his head on top of one."]
["A white and grey cat laying on a pair of shoes.", "The cat has one of its paws inside the shoe.", "A cat with his paw on a person's shoe.", "A cat is standing on some black leather shoes", "Cat lays down holding on to owner's shoe"]
["A black cat laying on top of a suitcase in a room. ", "Black cat laying down inside an empty suitcase. ", "A black cat lies atop a suitcase with a dresser in the background.", "A cat lying down in a suitcase with his front paws out.", "A black cat laying down in a piece of gray luggage."]
["A large black cat laying on top of a pink piece of luggage.", "A black cat standing on a red suitcase", "Cat catty sitting on a suitcase with a closed kennel against the wall.", "A black cat sitting on a bag of red luggage.", "A black cat is laying on top of luggage."]
["A black cat is sitting on a red suitcase.", "A black and white cat sitting on top of a red suitcase.", "A cat that is sitting on a suitcase.", "A black cat looking at the camera on top of a red suitcase", "A black cat sitting on a red suitcase."]
["A black cat laying on top of a piece of luggage.", "a black cat lying on a grey bag and shoes besides it", "A very cute cat laying on some luggage.", "A black cat curled up sleeping on a bag", "A black cat that has fallen asleep on a piece of luggage."]
["A cat sitting in a blue and white bag. ", "a cat laying in an empty suitcase ", "A cat laying on top of a cat bed near a plastic bag.", "A cat lounges in a travel case. ", "A cat squinting its eyes inside a suitcase "]
["A herd of cattle walking around on a beach.", "A bunch of animals on a beach near the water.", "Six cows standing and laying on the beach.", "Cows wander and laze on a white sand beach", "Some cows are walking along on a beach."]
["Animals crossing beach with cloudy blue sky and lake in background", "Some big cattle are walking next to the beach. ", "A herd of cattle walking along a sandy beach.", "Cattle going in line along the river side.", "It looks like those cows are walking along the beach."]
["A blue car and white truck next to bushes in yard.", "Beat up old car and truck sit out in the yard", "The old cars are parked in the driveway.", "A rusted out truck parked behind a blue older car.", "A truck and a car parked in a driveway."]
["A cat sitting on a windowsill stares at the camera.", "A black cat with demon bird eyes standing next to a bottle of wine.", "a cat seems to be getting drunk with some wine.", "A painting of a large black cat with glowing green eyes sits against a wooden background and towers over a bottle and single serve teapot with cup.", "The cat is looking intensely at the camera operator."]
["a cat rubbing its face against a bottle.c", "A tabby cat rubs its face on a bottle of catnip.", "A pretty cat sits next to a bottle of catnip.", "Cat laying next to and sniffing a bottle of catnip", "A man sitting on top of a tale next to a  bottle of catnip."]
["there is a cat that is sitting on a mans lap", "A white and tabby striped cat peeks out from under her human's arm to look at a plate on the dinner table.", "A small cat that is trying to peek on the table beneath a persons arm.", "The kitten is sitting at the table with a person.", "A PICTURE OF A CAT IN A MANS LAP "]
["a close up of two cats on a bath room sink", "Two cats sit on a bathroom counter and one is white and gray with green eyes while the other is a gray and black tabby with green eyes.", "Two cats that are sitting on a sink", "Two adult cats sitting a bathroom vanity together.", "Two cats sitting on a sink in a bathroom"]
["A cat that is laying in a basket.", "A cat laying on top of an orange and green bed.", "Cat curled up in a basket on the floor.", "this is a white cat sitting in a basket", "A grey and white cat laying inside a green and orange wicker basket. "]
["A cat playing with a cup that is on the floor", "A black cat plays with a tin can on the floor.", "A black cat scooping out food from a cup with it's paw.", "A black and white cat putting its paw in a cup on a tiled floor.", "A small black kitten digs into a plastic mug."]
["A cat eating a part of a person sandwich ", "A cat eating a half a sandwich on top of a bed.", "An orange, white, and black kitten is eating from a plate.", "A cat is eating a bagel sandwich on a tray.", "White, black and orange cat eating food off of a plate."]
["a animal standing in the grassy area next to a building", "A black cow standing in the middle of a lush grass field.", "An animal standing in high grass beside a tree.", "A very big black animal in a lush green area.", "a cow in a field of grass with bushes "]
["A woman standing next to a white cow with long horns.", "A lady is standing alongside steps that lead up a saddled bull.", "Girl with cowboy hats in front of saddled bull with step stool.", "The image shows a female cowgirl who rides a steer.", "A women standing next to a white bull ."]
["an image of a cat sitting on a couch", "A sleeping cat rests on a gray chair", "A cat on a seat resting and with its eyes closed.", "The cat is sleeping on the office chair. ", "A brown and black cat laying on a grey chair."]
["A cat lays asleep on a blue thing.", "A picture of a cat that is sleeping.", "a gray black and white cat is sleeping on a blue couch", "A cat is sitting on the arm of a chair.", "A cat closes its eyes to nap on the edge of a sofa."]
["a cat takes over a human's chair, and their book.", "A fluffy white and striped cat lounges on a manual left on a desk chair.", "A cat poses for a picture while sitting on a book that is on a swiveling office chair.", "A cat laying on top of a computer chair.", "A black and white cat sitting on a grey office chair."]
["A grey black and white cat laying in a chair.", "a cat laying on a chair with it's legs hanging down", "A cat is sitting on a chair next to a table.", "A grey and white tabby cat resting on the dining room chair.", "A cat sitting on a chair with its arm hanging down the back of it."]
["A gray and white cat sitting on a grey office chair.", "A cat laying in an office chair on top of a book", "CAT IN AN OFFICE CHAIR LAYING ON A BOOK", "A cat lays down on top of a book on a gray office chair.", "A cat curled up on an office chair and book."]
["a cat laying nestled up into a bowl with its head on top of a remote", "A cat that is laying on a remote control. ", "A cat with a controller is sleeping on a couch.", "a black cat is lying its head on a controller", "A black cat sleeps atop a remote control."]
["A cat is playing in a plant on the side of a house.", "an orange and white cat is climbing on a black pot", "A tabby cat is climbing into a potted plant.", "A cat climbing into a black planter with a plant in it.", "An orange stripe cat walking into a potted plant."]
["A fire department truck sitting in a field lot.", "a group of trucks parked side by side in a field", "A red fire truck sitting on top of a green field.", "A row of trucks parked together in the grass.", "A couple of large trucks in the grass."]
["A cat sitting on top of a brick pillar next to a bunch of statues.", "A small garden with a bunch of potted plants and statues", "The tiled outdoor area contains much  pottery and plants.", "A wall with several different types of stone statues near it.", "A number of fixtures sitting around near some shrubbery"]
["A horned animal is eating weeds at the side of the road.", "A beefy steer grazes on grass beside a road", "a cow that is standing next to a road", "A bull is grazing on some grass beside the road. ", "a cow near a road near many trees "]
["Two cats laying next to each other on top of a bed.", "there are two cats that are laying in a bed together", "The cat and kitten are lying on the child's unmade bed.", "Two cats in the beds with a teddy bear.", "Two cats are laying on a bed with white blankets."]
["A black cat with white paw laying in a hanging cat bed.", "A cat curled up in a fur hammock mounted on a wall", "The black cat is sleeping in a fuzzy bed mounted on the wall.", "A kitty is sleeping in a wall bed.", "A black cat sleeping in  a little black bed"]
["A man standing next to a small red truck with two american flags sticking out of it.", "A man standing next to a truck with two American Flags attached to it.", "Man standing next to a red truck with american flags on it. ", "A bearded men stands next to an older red pickup truck with 2 American flags on the back. ", "The bearded man is standing by the truck with the American flags. "]
["Two white and grey cats sleeping on a bed with penguin comforter.", "a close up of two cats on a bed with sheets", "Two cats that are laying down on a bed.", "Two cats are lying on a comforter on a bed.", "Some cats laying on a bed and posing for a picture. "]
["A man wearing glasses lays in bed next to a cat.", "Sleeping man under comforter with cat sitting next to him.", "A man in round glasses lays in bed next to a cat.", "A man lying in bed with a cat next to him.", "A man sleeping on a bed with a cat."]
["A gray and white cat sitting in window next to a tiger cat.", "Two cats seated in front of a window with captions.", "Two cats are sitting on a window seal", "Two cats are sitting on a house window sill.", "Two different colored cats sitting in a window sill among the curtains."]
["Many trucks with satellites are lined up on the curb.", "A street scene with a satellite truck and people on the sidewalk.", "There are people walking near trucks with satellite dishes.", "A white truck with a satellite on top of it's roof.", "Three television remote trucks at an outdoor event."]
["a small cat is sitting in the window of a house", "There is no image here to provide a caption for.", "A cat is standing in the window outside of the building. ", "cat sitting in a window with curtains behind it", "A cat sitting in a window seal at a home. "]
["A cow is laying in the middle of a field with flowers.", "A cow lying down in a green pasture.", "A cow lying on a hill side with a bell around its neck.", "A brown cow lays in the grass on a hill.", "A cow is laying down in the meadow"]
["An antique flat bed truck pulled up at a traffic signal ", "The old-fashioned truck can be seen through the front window of the nearby vehicle. ", "A vintage truck rolls down the road near an intersection and a CVS Pharmacy.", "A truck sitting at a stop light at an intersection.", "A red flat bed truck stopped at a busy intersection."]
["A brown and white cow lying in a green pasture.", "A healthy brown and white cow lays on a hillside that is dotted with yellow wildflowers.   ", "A brown and white cow sitting on grass hill next to trees.", "a brown and white cow is laying on a green hill", "A cow is laying in the grass surrounding by flowers."]
["A cat standing in front of a TV looking at an image of a mouse on it's screen.", "Cat, entranced, watching animals on a TV in a wood entertainment center.", "A brown and black cat watching a television program.", "A cat that is watching a television with mice on it.", "A cat watching the mice on the T.V. screen."]
["A person holds a machine to a cow's udders.", "A woman is milking a cow in the animal stable. ", "A man in a hat seems to be milking the cow. ", "The woman is using a machine in order to milk the cow.", "A woman in blue jacket shaving a cows utters."]
["a white cat a television set and a brown cabinet", "a white cat is sitting next to a television", "A white cat is sitting in front of a television", "A cat is sitting next to a television.", "A cat sitting in front of a television watching a show."]
["There are three semi-trucks in this hangar two facing in and one facing out.", "Four large trucks are parked in a garage.", "there are three trucks parked in a garage", "There are four trucks parked in the building. ", "The three trucks are parked under the canopy."]
["A cat stares at a television from close up.", "A tortoise shell cat looks up at a TV with a butterfly on the screen.", "a cat is looking up at a television", "a close up of a cat sitting very close to a tv", "The cat is looking up into the colorful television screen. "]
["A cat curls up on a soft and comfortable bed.", "A cat laying on a bed near a remote control. ", "A cat laying on a bed with the remote to a tv ", "A cat is curled up on a bed beside a remote control.", "A cat laying on top of a bed with a remote."]
["A tired cat lies on a couch next to a laptop.", "A cat laying on a couch next to a laptop computer that has a drive attached to it.", "A cat is lounging on a chair beside a laptop.", "An open lap top computer next to a cat laying on a couch.", "A cat resting near a portable computer in use."]
["A man driving a boat down a river next to shore.", "A man driving a boat along the river", "A man sits at the wheel of his boat in a canal.", "A man driving a blue and white boat in the water.", "A man steers a boat named Romeo down a bench lined river. "]
["A cow in front of another cow standing in a grassy field.", "Two black cows standing in a green pasture.", "two cows in a field of grass behind a fence", "A black and white cow standing in a field.", "A cow and its calf standing in a pasture."]
["A picture of the head of a brown cow wearing a halter.", "A brown cow standing next to a wooden fence.", "A brown and white cow looking to the side beside hay and a fence. ", "A cow that is standing in the grass.", "A cow laying in hay in a stall."]
["Cat sitting on chair in front of desk with open laptop", "a cat laying on a chair near a desk", "A cat that is sitting on a wooden chair. ", "a cat that is sitting on a chair with a laptop on a table", "a large white and brown cat sitting in a chair near a laptop"]
["a cat lays on the ground playing with a toy ", "A tabby cat on a carpeted floor playing with a cat toy.", "A tabby cat on a carpet playing with a toy.", "A cat that is laying down on a carpet.", "a cat that is playing with some kind of mouse"]
["Several cows in a field on a sunny day.", "There are many animals here on this land ", "There are a couple of animals walking across the field.", "Steers are walking on a dirt path through a barren terrain.", "Several different animals stand and graze in a field."]
["a boat sitting under a rusty metal roof ", "A boat dock with several boats parked ", "A boat sitting in the water under a covered dock.", "Boats are docked along the rusty, roofed-in pier.", "Boats are docked under a roof in a marina."]
["A man puts neck ties up on a display.", "A man holding a tie next to a counter with lots of ties.", "A man is looking through a selection of ties.", "A man sets up his ties at  his store.", "A man hanging ties on a board for sale"]
["A sandy area with two boats and a cloudy background.", "Two long wooden row boats sitting on beach.", "a close up of a boat on a field with a cloudy sky", "Two boats on the sea side on a cloudy day.", "two canoes docked on grass and sand field on a cloudy day."]
["A group if oeople gathered together to take a picture in the office", "A group of people with ties standing in a room.", "A group of people all wearing ties posing for a picture.", "A group of people stand together in a line.", "A group of people posing for a picture. "]
["A carved wooden elephant next to a book.", "A Stephen Colbert book is sitting next to an elephant book stop.", "A wooden elephant figurine next to a book.", "wooden Elephant statue next to a famous book", "A book on display next to a wooden elephant figurine."]
["A man walking down a street wearing shorts and a tie.", "A person with a coat and tie is wearing shorts.", "A person in a tie walking down a street.", "A man walks down the sidewalk by shops.", "A man in tie and shorts walking on a sidewalk."]
["A small elephant rubbing up against a tree.", "An elephant is eating bark from a big tree.", "An elephant stands next to a tree with a very thick trunk.", "a large elephant in a grassy area scratching itself on a large tree", "An elephant with one tusk standing in a grassy field under a massive tree."]
["An elephant can be seen through a barbed wire fence", "an elephant with something in its trunk standing by a fence ", "A elephant that is standing in the dirt.", "A full view of an outdoor space with many things to see.\n", "An elephant standing around in a fenced in area"]
["Adult elephant standing next to wire fence outdoors.", "An elephant walking through underbrush next to a fence.", "A large elephant is staring in front of a fence.", "A large elephant in a field with trees.", "An elephant is standing next to a tree and a fence."]
["A group of three elephants are standing in the water.", "Three elephants are standing in a river in the wild.", "An outdoor area with a small river that has rocks and vegetation, and several elephants in the water together.", "Elephants standing around in an open field surrounded by trees and grass. ", "Three elephants are drinking water from the river."]
["A large group of different people standing together.", "A group of people injured and covered in blood.", "a group of people with zombie costumes on ", "Many people are dressed as zombies covered in blood.", "A crowd of people are in zombie makeup."]
["This shirtless young man is wearing a tie.", "a close up of a shirtless man wearing a neck tie ", "Close up picture of a tattooed man with no shirt on but a necktie draped around his neck", "A man without a shirt wearing a giraffe print neon green tie.", "A shirtless man wearing a tie with a chest tattoo. "]
["An old self portrait of a man dressed nice.", "A black and white headshot of a man of a suit is shown.", "A young man is posing in a suit in a portrait.", "This is a sepia photograph of a young man.", "An old framed black and white photo of a man in a suit expressionless. "]
["A vintage photo of a man in a suite and tie.", "A portrait of a person in a picture frame", "A man in a suit is not smiling in an old photograph.", "An old black and white picture of a man in a suit and tie.", "There is an image of a man wearing a suit."]
["A man sanding on a colorful rug wearing a tie.", "A man is displaying a superman costume hidden under his business attire.", "A man is pulling his shirt open to reveal a superman costume underneath.", "A man with a superman custom under neath his clothes posing", "A formally dressed man pulls his shirt apart revealing a super man T-shirt"]
["A picture of an old creepy man standing next to an old creepy woman.", "A picture of a couple in their youth and old age.", "This is a photo of people from the royal family. ", "a split photo of some people walking with each other ", "The Queen of England and Prince Edward courting picture and anniversary picture comparison. "]
["Two small elephants standing in a river soaking wet.", "Two elephants bathing together in some murky water.", "one elephant sitting in the mud and another standing", "Two elephants playing together in muddy water on a sunny day.", "Two young elephants bathing in the murky water."]
["A man stands outside a shop selling various items.", "A man standing in front of a store while reaching into a red car trunk.", "A man looking in the trunk of his car", "A beauty salon is open to the street. ", "A man looks into the trunk of a red car as it is parked in front of a small building that features a small courtyard and a large sign."]
["A women, baby, and a dog are standing next to a pool. ", "A women, baby, and a dog are outside standing next to the pool. ", "A woman with a dog holds a baby next to a pool.", "A lady holding an infant in her arms next to a pool with a dog in front of them.", "A women is holding a baby next to a dog, a patio table, and a pool.", "A woman holding a baby near a dog at a poolside."]
["A tent that is in some grass with a table.", "A tent and small boat is in the woods.", "A small boat on land next to a set up tent outside", "A tent sits next to a picnic table and a boat.", "A park topped with a tent and plastic picnic tables."]
["Two cranes on top of an island surrounded by water.", "Two cranes over mounds of sand by the water", "Twp cranes that are on ether side of a large flat area", "A barge on a body of water carrying various cranes.", "A construction site across a body of water."]
["A herd of elephant with a calf and adult elephants.", "An adult elephant standing over a baby elephant", "A baby elephant feeding from it's mother. ", "BABY ELEPHANT UNDERNEATH BIGGER ELEPHANTS APPEARS TO TRY AND STAND", "Herd of elephants on dirt area with a baby elephant."]
["a baby elephant with the family at a zoo", "A group of three elephants in an outdoor enclosure.", "Two adult elephants standing with a baby elephant in the dirt. ", "A small elephant is standing next to the other elephants", "A baby elephant standing in between two adult elephants in an enclosure."]
["An umbrella and other things in a trash can.", "An umbrella and discarded cups sit in a garbage can. ", "A trash can is overflowing with garbage and a broken umbrella.", "A pile of trash sitting on a boat next to an umbrella.", "A green trashcan is filled garbage including some cups, a green can, a plastic cup and a broken umbrella."]
["The grass next to the water with umbrellas. ", "The umbrellas are placed in the grass near the ocean.", "A grassy field full of umbrellas, close to the water.", "A couple of umbrellas near a shore line.", "A couple of umbrellas sitting on top of a lush green lawn."]
["A man with a red beard has on a tie.", "Man with beard and moustache wearing a light green shirt and blue red and white tie.", "a man with a red goatee wearing a white coat and striped tie", "A bearded man in a white coat and tie.", "A closeup of a man with a goatee wearing a striped tie."]
["a boat in a marina tied to other boats", "Three boats are tied to a dock on a cloudy day.", "Sail boats and fishing boats, docked on the shore.", "Various boats tied to docks at the opening of a body of water", "Several boats in the water at a dock."]
["People sitting at outdoor tables on the street.", "little bitty tables and chairs for with little bitty people sitting at them", "A view of a bunch of people eating, at a deli.", "a street-side market with colorful plastic furniture. ", "A group of people sitting outside of a building"]
["A cute little white cat sitting on a keyboard.", "A ca laying on a keyboard that is sitting on a desk in front of a monitor.", "For some reason cats and kittens like to sit on computer keyboards.", "A white kitten sleeping on top of a keyboard.", "a cat laying on a keyboard on a desk"]
["A man and woman sitting on top of a boat.", "People inside a motor boat traveling down the water.", "a couple sitting on the side of a canal as a boat goes by", "Two people sitting on a bench looking at people in boats in the water.", "two people sitting on a bench next to the water"]
["This brown and white cat is standing on a desk in front of a computer.", "A cat jumps up on a desk with a computer, CDs and magazines.", "A cat walking on a desk next to a computer. ", "A gray and white cat walking across a keyboard", "A cat is standing on a desk in front of a computer. "]
["Two woman and a man are seen engaging in a conversation", "A woman sitting next to a man on a covered bench.", "Three people in the middle of a conversation appear to be unaware their picture is being taken. ", "People sit on a swing together to talk. ", "A group of three people sit and talk together."]
["A large group of boats are sitting in the water.", "Large number of sailboats anchored in bay during daytime.", "Several sail boats sailing together in the sea.", "A large  marina filled with lots of small ships.", "Fleet of sail boats clustering out in the water"]
["Two elephants in a dirt area next to concrete walls.", "Some muddy elephants are next to a wall.", "The two elephants are standing close to a wall.", "A bunch of elephants by the wall in their enclosure", "Two elephants in an indoor elephant enclosure standing next to cement wall with closed doors."]
["That is something being here taken in the picture.\n", "an annoyed looking cat laying down in a bowl ", "An orange and black cat laying in a bathroom sink.", "The kitten is stuck in the white basin.", "a cat is laying down in a white bowl"]
["A can laying in a sink drinking water from the tap.", "A house cat drinking water from a sink spigot.", "A cat is licking a faucet on a sink.", "A cat drinking out of a sink faucet.", "A cat is bent under a bathroom sink drinking from the faucet."]
["A river boat pulled up at a harbor", "a man standing by a boat thats tied to a dock ", "An old boat pulls up to a dock.", "A large ferry boat is docked with ropes.", "A man standing next to a docked ferry."]
["some boats docked in the water and a person in a yellow raft", "A river filled with both large and small boats.", "A small red boat that is covered in Canada's flag.", "A man in a tiny boat next to many boats with the Canadian flag.", "A man on a miniature boat near larger docked boats with Canadian flags."]
["A young lady in a dress shirt and a blue tie smiling while having a seat.", "A woman in shirt and tie sitting in chair.", "The woman is wearing a dress tie and posing for a picture. ", "A smiling girl wearing a light blue shirt and dark blue tie.", "A woman leaning in and smiling at the camera."]
["A group of chairs sitting around a white umbrella.", "a big pink house with some chairs out front", "A table with umbrella and chairs set up cafe style in an outside public area. ", "there are many people that are walking in to this building", "Tables with purple table clothes under a large tree."]
["A man standing up against a wall with his hands clasped together.", "A man in a suit and tie standing against a wall.", "A man in a suit smiles while posing for a photo.", "A man posing for a picture in a suit and tie. ", "A man in a suit and tie posing for a photo."]
["A two story white building with lots of umbrellas over them.", "a business tht has some umbellas and products sitting out front ", "A market in a building beside a street.", "Several umbrellas outside of a little shop with people walking on the sidewalk.", "A motorcyclist is riding past an open market."]
["A man driving a bus down a street next to a parking lot.", "A man smiling while driving a bus in a city.", "A happy bus driver looks down at his fare collector", "A man who is sitting in the drivers seat of a bus is wearing a white shirt and tie and is pushing a button.", "a guy that is sitting in a bus next to a road"]
["Tourists relaxing on the beach at the Royal Hawaiian Hotel", "Lounge chairs sitting around on a beach in front of a hotel.", "People laying on a beach with chaise lounges and umbrellas.", "A beach at a resort filled with beach chairs and some hotel guests.", "a beach with a bunch of lawn chairs on it"]
["A group of tables and chairs covered by umbrellas.", "A group of tables with umbrellas on a patio", "Empty tables with umbrellas at an outdoor dining area.", "A couple of tables and chairs with umbrellas.", "The tables outside with the umbrellas are empty."]
["A tall building with lots of windows and a walkway.", "a number of lawn chairs under an open umbrella", "Abstract architecture building with accents and umbrellas in sunlight", "a hotel with bushes around it and umbrellas and layout chairs. ", "Poolside lunge chairs next to a beach front hotel."]
["A grocery cart filled with clothing and sheets sits next to some boxes under a tree on the sidewalk of a city street near a bench.", "a shopping cart on a side walk near a city street", "A full grocery cart sitting on the side of a road.", "A grocery basket parked near a bench along a public street.", "A homeless persons shopping cart filled with items."]
["An inner city back street lined with vendors", "many tents on a street with buildings in the background", "A city alley has a variety of stands and shops.", "a line of food carts outside in a busy city", "A sidewalk lined with street vendors selling food."]
["A man leaning against a desk wearing a business suit.", "A man in a grey suit with a blue pixelated tie leaning against a wooden podium. ", "A man stands near a podium in a gray suit and blue tie.", "A man in suit and tie standing next to a podium.", "A man standing in a suit in a fancy room"]
["A man wearing a hat and tie looking at a paper.", "A man outside being very attentive to something.", "A man in a hat and tie draws while outside.", "A young man in a tie and fedora sitting outside.", "A young man wearing a hat looking at a piece of paper"]
["A man licking a tie by a group of ties.", "A MAN IN A SUIT LICKING A TIE THAT IS HANGING ON A RACK", "A man licking a tie hanging on a fence. ", "a person wearing headphones licking a tie ", "A man licking a purple and white tie"]
["A cat calmly sitting on a counter next to some scissors.", "A cat sitting on a kitchen counter with craft supplies around.", "A grey and white cat is on a table and stands between a white storage container full of stuff and scissors. ", "A cat is sitting next to a container and a pair of scissors.", "A white and tabby striped cat sits on a kitchen counter amidst a scissors, napkins, and a plastic bin of items."]
["A cat standing next to a brown stuffed teddy bear.", "a calico cat sniffing a brown teddy bear", "A cat and a stuffed bear on the floor.", "a cat that is on the ground with a teddy bear", "A cat that is sitting next to a stuffed animal."]
["A couple standing in the middle of an old delapitated building.", "A girl holding an umbrella and a man filming behind her", "A man taking a picture while a woman looks at what he is taking a picture of.", "A woman and man standing beside brick wall.", "a woman with an umbrella and a man taking pictures"]
["A small child touches the trunk of an elephant standing behind an enclosure.", "a small child neat to an elephant ", "child placing food in an elephants trunk in enclousure", "A kid is touching an elephant's trunk near a fence.", "A young child who is touching the trunk of an elephant."]
["A colorful umbrella sitting under a blue sky.", "an umbrella with bright colorful stripes on it", "A rainbow umbrella is open against the blue sky.", "A umbrella that has multiple different colors on it.", "a rainbow colored table umbrella in a clear blue sky"]
["Sunny day on beach with umbrellas and loungers with beachgoers", "A photo of someones feet while laying on the beach.", "A beach with a lot of umbrellas and chairs.", "A bunch of straw umbrella's with chairs sitting on a beach.", "A sandy beach filled with lots of lawn chairs and umbrellas."]
["Sunbathers are on a rocky beach with towels, and umbrellas.", "Many people are relaxing on the pretty beach. ", "A beach with lots of rocks and people laying on top of it.", "there are many people laying in the sand at this beach", "A group of people relaxing on the sand at a beach."]
["A GREEN AND BROWN SUITCASE LYING UP ON A LEDGE", "An old briefcase that has torn and faded material on it, placed on an upper ledge area.", "A piece of luggage sitting on top of a shelf.", "An antique piece of luggage resting on a shelf. ", "An old suitcase is on a high shelf."]
["A wet suitcase with a single shoe in it.", "An old shoe box with one child's shoe in it.", "An old shoe is sitting inside of an old suitcase.", "an open luggage bag with a shoe inside ", "A dead animal laying inside of a brief case next to a shoe."]
["A red suitcase next to a chair outside on the grass.  ", "The suitcase is setting behind the chair on the grass.", "a suit case sitting beside a chair  along the road.", "An empty chair and a suitcase is kept in a garden.", "there's a red suit case sitting next to a chair"]
["A white boat in the water cruising past a group of people. ", "a boat that is floating across some water", "A small white boat in the open water.", "A boat is passing by a group of people", "A black and white motor yacht cruises by a group of spectators"]
["A little girl that is in the grass with an umbrella.", "A young child shields herself from the sun with a large umbrella.", "The little girl with the umbrella is waiting for the rain to come.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n", "A little girl in a patch of grass holding an umbrella", "a child holding an open umbrella near a building "]
["The clear pool stood empty as people stood around nearby.  ", "some people walking around a swimming pool and trees", "Large swimming pool with tents near the trees.", "a large in ground swimming pool near tents", "A pool with several visitors sitting beside it."]
["A group of friends hanging out around a swimming pool.", "A family wears paper crowns as they play by the pool.", "People sitting poolside in a backyard playing and conversing.", "A family sitting at the edge of a pool.", "A group of people spending time by a pool."]
["A group of people standing inside of a shop on a tile floor.", "A shop with many people waiting in the queues", "People waiting in line in a store in Asia.", "People walking in a mall in front of an open front store with signs in Asian.", "A bunch of people that are in a shopping center."]
["A room i dimly lit and decorated with anime.", "Dolls are displayed in a corner of a room.", "Desk in an apartment surrounded by anime memorabilia.", "A collection of dolls displayed near a computer desk.", "A desk that is surrounded by anime dolls and toys"]
["A woman standing outside under an umbrella reading a magazine. ", "A woman standing underneath an open umbrella reading a magazine.", "A woman sitting under an umbrella reading a magazine.", "A woman is sitting and reading under an umbrella.", "A woman in a black dress reading a magazine with a gray umbrella. "]
["Two elephants with seats tied to their backs for people to ride on.", "Several elephants being led with riding benches on their backs", "A couple of elephants standing on a road.", "two elephants with riding chairs strapped to their backs.", "The elephant is saddled up with a chair on its back for passengers."]
["A bag of luggage sitting on top of a wet sidewalk.", "Something here is truly astounding with numerous things to see.\n", "A suitcase with wheels sits by itself in the middle of the street.", "A suitcase sitting on the pavement in the rain.", "A black and white photo of a suit case."]
["People are on the beach with buildings in the background.  ", "A large city sitting along a coastal region.", "Many people under umbrellas and some people in the water at the beach. ", "Beach scene with people in the sun and water with buildings in the background.", "Crowd of people enjoying a day at the beach."]
["a man standing on a red boat out on a large body of water.", "A person waving a jacket in a canoe in a body of water in front of another person in the water with a surf board.", "A man in a small boat and a guy sitting on a surfboard. ", "A man on a raft waving a jacket and a surfer in a wet suit out in the ocean", "A person in a wetsuit is standing in the water with a surfboard while a person on a boat stands behind them."]
["People at the baggage claim area of an airport.", "Three people standing before airport counters below airport signs.", "people standing at counters of booths being served", "The baggage delivery section of an air port. ", "Patrons are going to the shops of an airport."]
["A dog watches a cat intently while they both relax on an armchair.", "A cat and a dog staring intensely at each other on an armchair.", "A dog and a cat looking at each other while sitting on a red chair. ", "A cat on the back of a maroon chair waving its paw at a dog sitting in the seat part of the chair.", "A cat lying on the top of an easy chair batting at the dog sitting in the chair itself."]
["there's someone sitting under that umbrella and someone taking a picture", "A person stands under a dark colored umbrella.", "a person sitting on concrete under an umbrella", "A person sitting on the ground with an umbrella.", "A person sitting down that is underneath an umbrella."]
["People walk through the street with umbrellas to shade the sun.", "A couple of women walking down a street holding umbrellas.", "Women with sun umbrellas walking in a Buddhist temple.", "People walking barefoot on a stone path holding umbrellas.", "Elegantly dressed Vietnamese women greet each other as they pass."]
["A man pulls a rolling suitcase and is wearing a suit.", "A man wearing a suit holds a black suitcase.", "a man in a suit carries a travel bag ", "A man and woman carrying suitcases down a sidewalk.", "a man that has a suitcase in his hand"]
["A woman walking in the rain while holding an umbrella.", "a lady covering herself from rain with an umbrella", "A women walking in rain, with an umberella.", "Woman holding onto her umbrella as she walks in heavy rain", "A woman holding an umbrella in front of her while she walks in the rain."]
["A small group of people stand at the side of the sidewalk by a metal statue", "A group of people standing on a balcony.", "People stand near a large modern art sculpture.", "Six people stand near a group of umbrellas and a sculpture.", "A large sculpture placed at an overlook area in front of a glass building"]
["Three people are sitting on a bench in the subway.", "a group of people sitting on a bench next to a wall with a sign", "A group of people sitting below a white sign.", "Three people sitting on a bench and talking.", "A man and two women sitting on a bench in front of a large sign in a subway station."]
["A person standing in a field next to trees flying a kite.", "a man flying a kite in a big green field", "A man flying a kite in an open field.", "A boy in a black shirt in a field with a blue kite. ", "A boy flying a kite in a field."]
["A woman walking down a street holding a gray umbrella.", "A woman carrying a umbrella walking down a street.", "A women walking down the street holding a unbrella .", "a woman holding an umbrella on a city street", "The woman's face is concealed under her umbrella as she walks down the street."]
["A woman with an umbrella walking beside a stone wall.", "A woman holding a couple of bags and an umbrella.", "A woman walking in the rain with an umbrella with a design on it. ", "an old woman carrying two bags and an umbrella", "a woman holding an umbrella with a hand bag"]
["Two men and two women walking in the rain while on of the men has an umbrella over himself.", "a group of people walking on a side walk in the rain", "A group of people and a umbrella on a street.", "Two women and a man isn't using a umbrellas on a rainy day.", "A group of people walking across a bridge."]
["A woman standing on a sidewalk near some water holding an animal print umbrella.", "a lady that has a umbrella in her hand", "A woman standing under an umbrella holding a shopping bag.", "Front view of person holding animal spotted print umbrella up so head unseen with a \"SALE\" bag in crook of arm, and purse over shoulder of opposite arm, standing outside on sidewalk by low wall, in wet city street setting, with lamp post base behind.", "A woman holding a leopard print umbrella next to a lake."]
["Woman holding umbrella walking on paved roadway next to wall.", "A woman who is standing under an umbrella.", "A woman walking down a street holding an umbrella.", "A woman walking with an open umbrella and a sweater over her arm. ", "A woman with an umbrella walking in the sun."]
["A baby that is pressing on a small, black suitcase.", "A very small cute child by a suit case.", "small child leaning on a large black suitcase", "A toddler boy trying to stand while using a black luggage bag to stable himself. ", "A young boy leaning up against a bag of luggage."]
["A building sitting along side of a street.", "A restaurant with people walking by and colorful flowers in front.", "Flowers growing in front of a restaurant with outdoor tables.", "some colorful calla lillies standing next to a little tree on the side of the road ", "a couple of blue umbrellas that are over some people"]
["A pool with lots of coverings and umbrellas sitting along side of it.", "Several umbrellas on the edge of a water enclosure.", "A beach resort with awnings and beach umbrellas.", "A large swimming area at a resort hotel ", "Beautiful resort in exotic location with large vacated pool."]
["A gray suitcase is empty while clothing is strewn around it.", "An open suitcase on a bed with items to be packed.", "This image is too black I cant see it.", "An empty suitcase with articles of clothes and shoes laid out next to it.", "A close up of an empty black suitcase."]
["A child holding an umbrella in the rain. ", "A young girl near the street holding an blue umbrella.", "a young child on a city street holding an umbrella", "A child holding an umbrella on a rainy city street.", "A kid hanging out a window while holding an umbrella."]
["A bear standing next to a tree flying a colorful kite.", "A drawing of a bear holding a kite.", "A painting of a bear holding a kite standing in front of a tree.", "A bear is flying a kite next to the tree.", "An illustrated bear holds a kite next to a tree."]
["A cropped photo of an outhouse with a man in a chicken costume, military men and a polar bear.", "A collage of an outhouse in the woods with the door open and a person in a chicken costume using the bathroom, with a polar bear on the outside of the door and two military personnel with guns approaching the outhouse.", "A modified picture places a polar bear next to an outhouse with soldiers.", "Two soldiers and a bear are standing near a portal potty with a man dressed as a chicken inside. ", "Two men in solider uniforms run to an outhouse where a chicken sits on a toilet and a polar bear approaches from the other side of the outhouse."]
["A bicycle with a covered cart in the front", "BICYCLE NEWSPAPER VENDOR CART WITH AN UMBRELLA AND RED T-SHIRT", "The basket equipped bicycle has an open umbrella on top.", "a bicycle with an umbrella and a basket ", "Bicycle rick shaw with umbrella and rain canopy"]
["An edible teddy bear is sitting on a small cupcake.", "A tray of cupcakes with little candies on top o fit.", "A cup cake with a teddy bear sticking out of the top. ", "Small desert treat with a chocolate teddy graham on top", "A brown pastry with white frosting and an angry teddy bear on top."]
["A woman in a bright yellow rain slicker stands with a red umbrella next to an old brick structure.", "a person holding a red umbrella wearing a yellow rain coat", "A woman in a yellow coat uses a red umbrella to shield herself from the rain.", "A woman in a yellow rain coat is standing with a red umbrella.", "Fashion model in rain gear poses by a derelect building "]
["A luggage cart sitting inside of a brick building.", "Three large dollies with scattered luggage place on top. ", "Three is a cart with suitcases on it.", "A dolly cart hauling baggage in a warehouse.", "A flat bed holds luggage to be taken."]
["People enjoying the beach during a sunny day.", "A bunch of lounge chairs positioned on the beach.", "A beach filled with people, lounge chairs and umbrellas.", "A beach with people, umbrella and beach chairs.", "Sunbathers in beach chairs and under beach umbrellas at the beach."]
["A bear walks alongside a road near a tree.", "a brown bear walking on the side of the road", "A brown bear looking over it's shoulder while walking past a tree in a forest.", "A brown bear is standing by a road and a tree.", "A baby bear walks along the road near the edge of the forest."]
["a couple of bears are standing by a fence", "a close up of two bears close to one another", "the bears are standing next to each other", "Two bears playfully fight and nip at each other.", "A couple of black bears snuggling each other."]
["a big bear plays with another bears neck", "A bear biting into another bear in front of a fence.", "Two black bears embrace inside a metal fence.", "two bears play with each other at a zoo", "A couple of blacks bears playing by a fence"]
["A man walking across a beach holding a frisbee.", "A man and a woman next to each other with the man holding a frisbee.", "A woman holding her arms out behind a man holding a Frisbee.", "Two people getting ready to throw a frisbee.", "two people playing in the park with a frisbee "]
["A kid tossing a blue frisbee towards another kid.", "some boys playing frisbee on the beach, with sea oats around", "Two young children playing Frisbee on a beach.", "Two children playing with a frisbee in the sand.", "Two boys play with a frisbee on sand in front of tall grass. "]
["A woman that is standing in the grass with a frisbee.", "A woman tossing a frisbee on a lush green field.", "Woman bending throwing frisbee in grassy area on bright day", "A woman is throwing a Frisbee in a park.", "Girl on grass throwing a frisbee on a sunny day."]
["Two young boys playing with a disc in the sand.", "Two young kids playing frisbee on the beach during vacation.", "Two boys playing a game with frisbee next to a bush.", "Two young boys on a beach, one throwing a Frisbee to the other.", "Two boys standing in the sand playing with a frisbee. "]
["A man standing next to a bear on a Chain leash.", "a man playing an instrument next to a big brown bear ", "A man with a musical device and a bear attached to a chain.", "a person with a guitar and a bear on a chain", "A man stands with a brown bear and violin"]
["A brown bear runs in the grass beside a body of water.", "A wet bear coming out from the water.", "A wet grizzly bear running up a grassy riverbank.", "A wet bear running up a grassy slope.", "A brown bear on two legs is near the water."]
["A man in a cat holding a green frisbee.  ", "A man holding a neon frisbee while standing in a field.", "a man plays with a frisbee in a park", "A man spins a frisbee on his finger. ", "A man in a park is holding a frisbee."]
["This dog is playing frisbee in the snow", "The dog is playing with the Frisbee in the snow.", "A little dog that has a frisbee in their mouth.", "dog holds Frisbee in mouth in the snow", "A dog running in the snow with a Frisbee in its mouth."]
["Two zebra standing next to each other on a lush green hillside.", "Two zebras standing in a grassy area near a fallen tree.", "Zebras standing on green grass by a large log", "two zebras standing near a fallen tree in a field", "two zebras are standing on some grass and some trees are in the background"]
["Zebras and Water Buffalo graze for food together.", "a herd a zebra in a field walking and eating grass. ", "Savannah with heard of zebra and other animals.", "A herd of zebra grazing in a grassy field surrounded by trees.", "A herd of zebra and cows grazing on the savannah."]
["A dog is sitting on a work table looking down.", "A puppy sitting on top of a table with two men in the room. ", "A dog is sitting on a work bench in a shop.", "A dog is sitting on a counter in what looks like a factory setting. ", "a little white dog sitting on a metal table "]
["A man throwing a Frisbee disc in a park.", "A man is at a park on the green grass.", "A person in the distance looks at a frisbee flying overhead.", "A man in the grass at a park on a sunny day.", "A man is leaning down on a green lawn."]
["The men are both diving to catch the frisbee", "Two people on the beach are flying to catch a Frisbee.", "Two people are reaching for a toy on a beach.", "some men are jumping around at a beach", "Two people jummp toward each other to catch a frisbee"]
["A woman in a wheelchair on the beach, with a man and a dog standing beside her.", "A man, a woman in a wheelchair, and a dog are at the beach.", "A woman in a wheel chair walking a dog on a beach.", "The couple is taking the dog in the waves.", "A man, a dog and a woman in a wheelchair are on the beach."]
["A few Zebras are standing in the wild together. ", "A group of zebras stand next to a barren land.", "Zebras standing beside one another in a grassy area. ", "A group of four zebras grazing on some grass in the field.", "Three zebra are grazing on grass in the field"]
["Two very pretty zebras playing near a fence.", "Two zebras are snuggling at the zoo in their display area.", "two zebras rub their heads against each other behind a fence", "Two giraffes playing behind a caged area in a zoo. ", "Two zebras that are standing in the dirt."]
["A close up of several zebras grazing in a field.", "A picture of some animals that are eating off of the ground.", "A herd of zebra standing behind a wire fence.", "Zebras are in an enclosed area and grazing from the dirt.", "Zebras standing behind the fence in a zoo."]
["Two zebra feasting on a dead animal in a dry grass field..", "Zebras grazing in the tall grass of a light woodland.", "The two zebras are standing together in the field. ", "Two zebras standing in a field of tall grass.", "Two zebras looking for something to eat in a field."]
["These two people are on the beach fishing with their dog. ", "a couple of people that are fishing on a beach", "Two people fishing on the beach with a dog at the water's edge.", "Some people are on the beach fishing with a dog.", "A couple of men fishing from a beach by a dog."]
["A woman stooping down to catch a frisbee while wearing a dress", "A woman putting an object down in her back yard.", "Women in a dress picking up a plastic disk. ", "A woman in a dress and Mary Janes bends down towards a Frisbee in a fenced in yard.", "A woman bending over placing something on the ground in a fenced in yard."]
["A large number of people standing together in a field", "The youths are gathered in the park, some holding frisbees.", "A group of young people are discussing disc golf.", "A girl in a group of others has made herself a frisbee hat.", "A group of people in the park with a boy holding a frisbee. "]
["Two Frisbees laying on the ground next to a sports water bottle.", "A white and a pink frisbee are on the ground.", "Discs sit on the tee, ready to be thrown.", "Two flying disks on the ground next to a water bottle.", "Two frisbees lie on an asphalt street by the curb."]
["A zebra and its foal eating hay from a basket.", "These zebra are standing by two wood logs.", "A zebra next to a smaller zebra eating hay from a trough.", "A couple of zebra standing next to each other.", "A mother zebra and her baby standing next to a fallen tree."]
["A man holding a frisbee while standing on a paved road.", "there is a man that is preparing to throw a frisbee", "a man turned to throw a Frisbee in a wooded area", "Man tossing a frisbee in a wooded area", "A man throwing a frisbee on a disc golf field."]
["A group of three zebra standing next to a tree.", "Three zebras walking together with there butts showing .", "The zebras are all looking away from the camera.", "Three zebras are huddled together in an enclosure.", "There are three zebras in a row facing away from the camera."]
["A boat is moored next to two men who are holding the reins of two people.", "three horses some men and a blue and white boat with people in it", "Horses are located next to a boat on the shoreline", "A blue and white boat sitting on a beach.", "A boat in the tides with horses beside it"]
["a bony horse bending down to look at a duck", "A horse walks alone in a grassy field.", "an animal is standing in a large grass field", "The horse is walking in the grass field.", "An animal standing next to a white bird on green grass."]
["A couple of zebra and a group of deer standing on top of a grass field.", "Some zebras and deer are on a grassy field.", "A herd of elk and zebra in the forest. ", "Various wild animals stand near each other in a lightly wooded area.", "Some zebra and deer grazing in a field."]
["a number of animals near one another on a field ", "Two horses walking towards a tent by a river. ", "a couple of horses that are eating out of a field", "Three horses in a field beside a stream.", "a brown and black horse some water grass and trees"]
["a person riding a horse on a beach ", "A person riding a horse on beach in front of the water.", "A woman wearing a hat is riding a horse on the beach.", "A woman on a horse is galloping on the beach", "The lady is riding the horse up the beach."]
["Two mean in uniform are riding horses side by side on a sandy beach.", "Two police officers on horses riding on the beach.", "two people riding on horses in the middle of a lot ", "A pair of police officers ride on horses down the beach.", "Two people in neon vests riding horses down the beach."]
["a few deer and a zebra on a grass field", "A few gazelles near a zebra in a field.", "a bunch of animals that are in some grass", "The zebra is standing near four brown deer. ", "Some gazelle and a zebra standing in a field."]
["One zebra standing in front of a pile of wood.  ", "A zebra on a field in a park during the day.", "A zebra beside a pile of branches in its pen.", "A very pretty zebra standing near some dead trees.", "There is a zebra that is standing alone together"]
["Two zebras are sitting on the ground. ", "Two zebras lay in a grassy habitat next to some rocks.", "Two zebras relaxing in the sun on the grass. ", "Zebras sitting in an area with rocks in the background.", "a couple of zebras sit next to some rocks "]
["A pair of men dressed in civil war outfits riding horses.", "Two men in war uniforms riding horses in grassy area.", "A couple of men sitting on some horses.", "Two men riding horses next to each other.", "two cival war reinactment soldiers riding on horses  "]
["A couple of horses standing and laying on top of a lush green hillside.", "Loaded pack horses standing in front of mountains.", "a couple of horses are standing in a field", "a bunch of animals moving on a mountain top", "A couple of horses that are carrying backpacks on their backs."]
["Horses pulling a carriage and a subway car in the background.", "Two Clydesdales are pulling a carriage of old beer kegs.", "Two horses pulling a carriage down a street.", "Two people are sitting in a horse drawn carriage down a city street.", "A man and woman riding a horse cart past a train."]
["A horse behind a fence looking into a camera. ", "A gray horse stands next to a barbed-wire fence.", "A white horse looking over a wire fence.", "A horse standing in a paddock wearing a halter.", "A horse in a pen looks over a fence. "]
["Some very pretty horses in a grassy field.", "A small dear grooms a black horse as it is eating grass", "An adult black horse and a young brown horse interacting.", "A young foal licks the head of an older horse.", "a couple of horses are standing in a pin"]
["two horses that are standing near each other and having an interaction.\n", "A mother horse smelling a standing colt's neck.", "A baby horse gets cleaned by its mother in a field", "A horse is grooming a foal outside in the grass.", "Two horses of different colors in a grassy area."]
["A baby horse drinking milk from it's mother.", "A baby horse has it's nose under a big horse.", "A young horse nursing for milk from its mother.", "Small horse feeding itself underneath a larger horse. ", "A baby horse suckling from underneath his mother."]
["Two horses that are standing in the grass.", "A brown horse biting the head of a black horse.", "It looks like the horses are hugging each other.", "Two horses lean down to eat some grass.", "A horse biting another horse on it's head who is grazing."]
["A large black horse standing next to a baby brown horse.", "A foal nipping at the ear of a black adult horse. ", "a horse and foal grazing on dry grass.", "Young horse nibbling on another horse's ear as it grass. ", "A brown horse is sniffing a black horse."]
["Two Clydesdale are pulling a single man across a fielded area.", "People and two draught horses walking across a green field", "A pair of horses trotting in a field.", "A couple horses and people walking across a field.", "A pair of Clydesdale Horses being steered by a man."]
["A trio of race horses going down the track at top speed.", "Racehorses passing in front of a sign on the track. ", "Two horses racing toward the finish line at a horse racing track.", "Jockeys racing horses with a time board in background.", "Two horses are racing down a track with their jockies."]
["A woman is riding a horse at a competition.", "Female equestrianne riding a paint horse in a dressage competition.", "A woman riding on a white and brown house.", "A woman rides on the back of a prancing horse.", "Woman riding a horse in an equestrian event."]
["A couple of small horses walking across a field.", "The two clysedales are looking for their next meal.", "two horses walking next to each other in the grass ", "There are two Clysdales horses in the photo in a field. ", "Two very large horse walking together in a grassy field."]
["BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO WITH THREE MEN AROUND A PRODUCE STAND AND PRODUCE IS IN COLOR", "some people standing near a fruit sand with oranges", "Men are picking out fruit at a fruit stand.", "Altered photograph of people at a fresh fruit and vegetable stall", "A couple of people near a produce stand that sells, mangoes, oranges, and apples."]
["A trash can filled with a hot dog, a banana and other garbage.", "A bowl with a hot dog, banana, mango, and bottle.", "an image of a rotten fruit and burnt hot dog", "a bowl with a banana, eggplant and a hot dog in it", "A picture of some trash being wasted in a trash. "]
["A man being threatened by a yellow banana.", "a man is putting his hands up after a banana is pointed at him", "A man extends a banana to a man who doesn't want to take it.", "Man in white shirt holding his hands up to a banana. ", "A man being robbed of his money and watch at banana point"]
["A banana peel laying next to a glass bottle.", "A banana peel and a beer bottle on the floor", "An empty bottle and banana peel lay next to each other. ", "A banana peel lies next to a beer bottle.", "a empty bottle laying next to a banana peel"]
["Two kids in blue shirts playing a game of baseball.", "a baseball player swinging a bat at a ball", "A person getting ready to bat while a catcher waits behind him and people watch from the bleachers.", "A boy swings a bat during a baseball game as spectators look on.", "people playing baseball and others watching them as they play", "A young baseball player swings a bat as a ball comes toward him."]
["a close up of a bowl of different fruits", "A white bowl filled with a lot of fruit on a table,", "A variety of fruit is shown in a bowl.", "A bowl of fruit including apples, pomegranate seeds and bananas.", "a white bowl with slices of apple bananas and some pomegranates"]
["A mesh fruit bowl with oranges bananas and tomatoes", "Oranges, bananas, and peppers in a wire basket", "A variety of fresh fruit in a medal mesh basket.", "Group of mixed fruits sitting inside a metal basket. ", "Several pieces of fruit together in a basket."]
["A woman eating a half an orange slice.", "A girl holding half an orange in her mouth.", "a woman holding onto a part of an orange in her mouth ", "A playful young woman takes a big bite from an orange.", "a girl with half an orange shoved in her mouth"]
["a child hitting a baseball with a baseball bat.", "A boy is taking a swing at a baseball.", "Little league baseball game with batter ready to strike incoming ball.", "BOYS PLAYING BASEBALL, BATTER UP WITH UMPIRE BEHIND HIM", "A person stands with a bat about to hit a ball."]
["There are abundance of fruits and vegetables being displayed.", "Fresh fruits and vegetables displayed in a market.", "An assortment of fruits and vegetables for sale  at a market.", "A colorful display of fruits and vegetables are shown in a farmer's market type setting.", "Produce is displayed in a supermarket while people shop."]
["A man standing in front of a store selling items.", "A man standing at a street vendor looking at his options. ", "a vender working outside at his magazine store", "A street vendor sells magazines, water, bananas etc.", "A MAN AT THE COUNTER OF A NEWSPAPER STAND"]
["An orange is on the container beside chocolate cake.", "Wrapped in parchment paper, an orange and a chocolate topped yellow cake.", "A piece of cake and an orange sit in wax paper.", "Half eaten piece of cake with chocolate frosting and an orange in a white plastic bag.", "A partial piece of cake and an orange in some wrapping."]
["An open market displaying fruit and many other varieties of food", "There are people walking through an indoor market", "An outdoor market with lots of fruits and vegetables.", "A marked filled with fruits and vegetables and other items.", "A covered food market has fruit and vegetables on display."]
["A person selling some food on the side of the road.", "There is a bike in front of a woman selling food", "a person sitting next to many baskets of vegetables ", "An old woman setting up a fruit market outside. ", "A woman in a pink shirt sorts vegetables in laundry baskets."]
["A young woman with pretty eyes eating half an orange.", "A woman is posing with a half of an orange.", "A woman about to take a bite of an orange half while a banner shares weight loss tips.", "Woman holds up a piece of fruit to her face. ", "A woman taking a bite out of a cut orange."]
["A display at a grocery store filled with fruits and vegetables.", "A market with baskets and containers full of vegetables and fruits. ", "A fruit and vegetable stand has hanging fruit.", "There are fresh fruit and vegetables being sold at the stand. ", "Bananas hanging above other vegetables at the market display"]
["A bunch of ripe bananas sitting on a plate.", "A very cute looking dish with some ripe bananas.", "there are three bananas that are on a small plate", "Three very ripe bananas on a plate by some hanging glasses.", "a plate with some bananas on it "]
["Several green plants that have grown rather tall.", "A tree grows bunches of green bananas as a man with yellow flip flops stands near it.", "Several bunches of fresh cut green bananas on ground", "Banana or plantains on grey floor next to wooden supports as if in street vendor stand in third world country.", "Bunches of unripened bananas on their stalks at market."]
["A floppy disk sitting in a pile of oranges.", "Computer floppy disk set among the oranges in a box. ", "An old floppy disk was found in a big box of oranges.", "A 3.5 inch diskette on top of a box of oranges.", "Computer disk sitting inside a group of oranges. "]
["Three cross country skiers make their way across a snowy field.", "two men on the same Olympic team and one person from another team skiing ", "Three people on skis with uniforms and numbers. ", "The three men are skiing and racing one another.", "A group of three people riding skis down a snow covered slope."]
["Two men on skis racing cross country in front of a crowd.", "Two skiers in body suits ski down a hill.", "Two people in skis racing up slope with people watching.", "A couple of people racing across a snow covered slope.", "Two skiers moving across a snow covered mountain."]
["a fruit market with bananas hanging above head hieght", "A woman standing below hanging bananas by other fruits.", "The Asian woman is at the market where fruits and fresh produce are available for sale.", "A woman with bananas hanging overhead and fruit to her left.", "Woman in purple top standing in area of fruit on display in outdoor market."]
["Man wearing a black outfit and white ski boots standing on skis.", "An older man on skis in the snow.", "A man is skiing and people behind him prepare to do the same.", "An older man on skis with ski poles in each hand.", "A man in a black jacket and black snow pants standing on skis"]
["a woman is standing in the snow on skies", "The person is standing on snow on ski's", "a woman on skiis going down part of the hill", "A cross country skier on a trail, smiling.", "The skier is posing in front of the trees."]
["A young man standing at the bottom of a ski hill. ", "THERE IS A PERSON ON SKIES IN THE  SNOW ", "A person on some skis in the snow.", "a man skiing down a snow covered hill at day", " a man standing on part of a hill while wearing skiis "]
["A man and a boy are playing catch in a yard.", "a man and a boy are playing catch with a ball", "Man and a boy playing ball in the grass.", "Man and boy playing catch in the back yard", "a man catching a ball with a young boy"]
["A man and a boy who has a black and brown baseball mitt.", "a close up of a young person and an older person", "The young boy wearing a baseball glove smiles next to an elderly man.", "An old man poses with a boy who has a catcher's mitt.", "a small child with a baseball mitt standing next to an older man outdoors in front of shrubbery."]
["A baseball player is pitching a ball. ", "The pitcher has just thrown a pitch to home plate.", "people in green playing baseball in the field", "A baseball player pitching a ball on top of a field.", "A boy is standing on base and throwing the baseball."]
["A pizza with several toppings sliced and ready to eat.", "A cheese pizza with different toppings on it.", "a fully cooked pizza with toppings and xtra cheese", "A fresh pizza with broccoli on it is shown.", "A meat and broccoli pizza smothered in cheese"]
["a vintage photo of a baseball player ", "A baseball player standing on the baseball field. ", "A man in a baseball uniform standing on a field.", "A ball player holding his glove on the field.", "A man wearing a baseball uniform standing in the outfield."]
["A baseball player pitching a ball on a field.", "A professional baseball player tossing the ball in the field.", "Baseball outfielder throwing a ball in from the outfield grass.", "a baseball player on a green field throws a ball", "a player in the outfield throwing the baseball to someone else "]
["A man walking on top of a baseball field wearing a catchers mitt.", "A baseball player running in the field to catch a ball", "The man is playing baseball for his team.", "a baseball player running on the field by himself ", "A lone baseball player is running in from the outfield."]
["A pitcher throwing a ball during a baseball game.", "there is a baseball game going on as many people watch", "In a stadium, a baseball player prepares to hit a pitched ball.", "A pitcher is throwing the ball to a batter in a baseball game.", "a big crowd watching a man throwing a baseball"]
["A baseball game being played before a crowd.", "Baseball players are standing at their designated positions.", "A major league baseball game on a manicured field.", "Baseball playes are on the field awaiting the next play.", "A game of professional baseball is being played."]
["Broccoli and plants growing in an outdoor garden setting", "Leafy vegetables are in an outdoors planter box.", "Plants growing in the soil near a board.", "a young broccoli plant in a garden bed", "a broccoli plant in the ground near other plant life"]
["A store with lots of unripe bananas and other products.", "Food stand with hanging fruit, bottles of water and food in bins.", "A bunch of bananas are hanging from a food stand.", "A fruit stand that has various types of fruits hanging.", "a number of bunches of bananas hanging in a market"]
["A man holding out his mitt to catch a baseball", "A man with a glove waiting to catch a baseball that is coming his way.", "A guy is playing catch on a grassy field.", "a man catching a baseball in a field of grass", "A man with a catcher's mitt reaches out to catch a baseball."]
["There is a variety of vegetables for sale.", "A display in a grocery store filled with lots of fresh produce.", "a long table with assorted veggies on the top of it", "An assortment of vegetables are for sale on a long table.", "A farmers market with a booth full of vegetables for sale. "]
["There is a white plate with a green vegetable on it", "A plate with cooked greens and asparagus on it.", "This is a dish of buttered asparagus with dressing.", "a plate full of green vegetables on a table", "Cooked broccolini and greens on a white plate."]
["A skateboard with two different color and sized wheels.", "A skateboard which is missing at least one wheel.", "A skateboard has two different colored wheels and a design.", "A long board skateboard with two different colored wheels", "A skateboard and it's wheels being parked in one area."]
["A green apple on a wooden cutting board next to peeler.", "A peeled apple with peels sits on the cutting board with the peeler.  ", "An apple, peeler, peel and seeds on a wooden cutting board.  ", "A peeled apple is sitting on the cutting board with a peeler.", "Cleaned apple sitting next to apple peel and peeler."]
["Boys in a skate board park built in a parking lot.", "Skateboarders in a skatepark with half-pipes and quarter-pipes. ", "A group of people standing around a skateboard ramp.", "Some people standing near some skate boarding ramps.", "some people skateboarders ramps and trees and dirt"]
["Two pizzas on wooden plates on a table with a pizza cutter and drinks", "Homemade pizzas with vegetables, beer and wine on a table", "a close up of two pizzas on a wooden surface", "Two pizzas being served on platters with along with a glass of wine and a bottle of beer.", "A table containing two pizzas covered with green beans and spinach next to a bottle of beer and a glass of wine. "]
["A statue of Fry form Futurama holding a skateboard.", "a small toy person holding a skate board ", "A toy figure of Fry from Futurama is holding a skateboard.", "A cartoon figure holding a skateboard on the pavement ", "A toy figure standing alone with a skateboard."]
["A figurine is standing on the pavement and carrying a skateboard.", "A toy Fry from Futurama holding a skateboard.", "A little toy that is holding onto a toy skateboard.", "Male action figure with a surf board posed on the ground.", "A small action figure from Futurerama holding a skate board."]
["Chicken, broccoli, and macaroni and cheese served an on orange plate. ", "a plate with some meat vegetables and other food on it ", "A plate holds broccoli, meat, and a macaroni dish. ", "Plate of food sitting on a counter top.", "Food filled  plate on a granite looking surface."]
["A boy doing skateboard tricks in a caged concrete area.", "A boy is skateboarding in a mesh underpass.", "Skateboarder grinding a ledge in an en-fenced area.", "A black youth rides his skateboard over a footbridge.", "A young man on a skate board in a pedestrian overpass."]
["A man wearing skis on a mountain slope.", "A cross country skier poses against a backdrop of snow covered trees.", "A skier in all black stands in the snow.", "A man on skis is taking a crowded pine tree path.", "A man in a black ski suit on a pair of skis. "]
["Apples on a tree that need longer to ripen.", "A tree branch is heavy with ripening apples.", "many fruits hanging in a tree near other trees ", "Apples grow in the sunlight of a rain forest.", "some red and green apples are hanging from a tree"]
["A broccoli and almond salad on a white plate. ", "A plate of food, with broccoli and nuts.", "A picture of a salad on a table.", "A plate of broccoli, seeds, and nuts sitting on a table.", "A side dish of roasted broccoli with slivered almonds and red peppers."]
["A pizza sitting on a pizza pan on top of a white counter.", "A pie that contains broccoli sitting on a stove.", "This is what appears to be a fresh cheese and broccoli casserole. ", "A broccoli quiche placed on a white stove top", "A quiche with broccoli is sitting on a stove burner."]
["A young man engaged in advanced skateboarding tricks.", "A kid doing a trick on a skate board.", "A skateboarder trying to do a track on a ramp.", "Man doing skateboard trick on a rail in a park.", "A young man performs a skateboard trick on a rail in a skate park."]
["There is a sculpture of pig's head surrounded by applies.", "A pig head on a plate surrounded by a bunch of apples", "The pig head is in between all of the apples.", "A pig head on a plate surrounded by apples.", "A pigs head on a plate with apples."]
["A group of factory workers next to a vat full of oranges.", "A group of people in anti-contamination uniforms inspecting apples in a food plant. ", "A group of people standing next to a vat of apples.", "A bunch of people in hair nets and body coverings looking around a plant processing apples.", "A group of people in front of some apples."]
["A hand holding an apple in your left hand.", "a hand picking an apple from the tree", "The man is picking a apple off of the tree to eat.", "Adult picking ripe fruit from plant during daytime.", "A picture of fresh grown apples on a tree while someone is holding one."]
["A fork full of food including carrots and tomato is being held up to the camera.", "a plate covered with assorted sliced up veggies", "A fork with shredded cheese and tomato on it.", "A bowl filled with vegetables and pasta on a fork.", "A delicious bite of fruits and vegetables on a fork."]
["A white plate that has a sandwich cut in half", "An old man using a phone in a dark room.", "A tofu and vegetable sandwich on a roll ", "the sandwich is on the plate and has been cut in two ", "a plate with a couple of sandwiches on it "]
["A man that is in the air with a skateboard.", "A man is doing tricks on his skateboard, him and it up in the air", "this is a boy doing a trick on a board", "A man is performing a flip trick on a skateboard", "A blonde haired boy is doing skateboard tricks in a parking lot."]
["a young child on a skate board indoors", "A small smiling child stands on a skateboard inside a house", "a little girl standing on a skate board inside the house", "there is a small girl standing on a skate board", "A little girl riding on top of a skateboard."]
["A barbeque pork sandwich with a tomato on a tray.", "A paper tray with a chili dog sitting on top of it.", "There is a half eaten hot dog in the paper holder.", "A sandwich sitting on a table, inside a box.", "Half of a hot dog with different ingredients on top"]
["A snow man has lemons for eyes and a carrot for a nose.", "A snowman with a carrot nose and lemon wedge eyes.", "A snowman with a carrot nose at night.", "Snowman's head has a carrot for a nose and lemon slices for eyes.", "A snow man has lemon eyes and a carrot nose."]
["A woman with a baby being held on a skateboard", "A mother teaches her baby how to ride a skateboard.", "A woman putting a baby on top of a skateboard.", "A mother is holding her toddler on top of a skateboard.", "A woman holds a small child up on a skateboard."]
["A famers market filled with lots of fresh produce.", "Crates used as tables, full of fresh produce at an outdoor market.", "A large display on a street with some food.", "A long row of tables displaying a bunch of food.", "Many kinds of vegetables displayed in an outdoor market."]
["Variety of fresh vegetables displayed on white surface.", "A large display of assorted fresh vegetables in a pile.", "Cabbage, tomatoes, cucumbers, parsley and other vegetables sits on a white surface.", "A colorful array of vegetables is on the table.", "many different vegetables are sitting on a white counter"]
["A bowl filled with a cake topped with vegetables.", "A food dish in a bowl with carrots and other toppings on it.", "A layered pastry with toppings in a blue bowl.", "A high end dish with carrots on top, in a bowl.", "A culinary display of a food dish is shown."]
["A slice of cheese cake sitting on a plate next to a fork.", "A tasty looking piece of pie with a fork next to it. ", "a fork and a piece of cheese cake", "A slice of cheesecake sits beside a fork on a plate.", "This is a close up image of a cheesecake."]
["A man balancing on a skateboard in front of a graffiti covered wall.", "a young man attempting a trick on his skateboard. ", "A young man skateboards in front of a wall of graffiti.", "Man balancing on a block of wood on wheels.", "Young man skate boarding down a back street."]
["A pork roast in a glass dish surrounded by potatoes and carrots.", "A dish with meat and carrrots sitting on a stove.", "A roast pork loin with carrots and potatoes in a glass baking pan sits on the stovetop.", "A roast of meat and vegetables sits in a glass tray.", "A casserole dish with meat, potatoes and carrots."]
["A group of young men standing on a sidewalk in front of a building.", "A group of young men with skateboards by a fence.", "Four young men with their skateboards stand next to an iron fence.", "Four boys with skateboard relax by an iron fence.", "A group of young adult males standing with their skateboards"]
["A woman holds up a small fake finger", "a middle age woman sitting down at a diner holding a small carrot.", "A woman wearing glasses holding a piece of a carrot.", "A woman sitting in a restaurant holding a carrot.", "Woman holding up a baby carrot inside an empty restaurant. "]
["two sets of skiis covered with a bit of snow ", "a person with skis on is sitting in a chair lift", "Looking down from a ski lift at a resort in Colorado", "there is a skier riding on the snow", "skiers riding on a ski lift to the top of a mountain"]
["a close up of a person eating a hot dog ", "A girl wearing face paint is eating a hot dog.", "A young woman with the flag of England painted on her face is eating a hotdog.", "A GIRL WITH A PAINTED FACE EATING A SUB SANDWICH", "A woman with a painted face eating a hot dog."]
["People on a mountain snowboarding in a group.", "A photo of a hunch of people that are walking around a ski run. ", "A group of people riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A group of people sking and playing in the snow", "Kids skiing on a hill while snow is falling."]
["A man riding a skateboard through the air.", "A man in a brown shirt and jeans is on a cement platform and his skateboard is just off the platform at an angle.", "A young person on a skate board doing a trick.", "a person riding a skate board on a ledge", "A man on a skateboard doing a trick in a courtyard."]
["A sandwich served with mixed vegetables and plated.", "a plate of food including carrots broccoli and a sandwich ", "A ham and cheese sandwich served with carrots and broccoli. ", "A turkey sandwich smothered in cheese on a plate with vegetables.", "A chicken club sandwich on a roll with brocclie, carrots and cauliflower on the side."]
["Hot dogs in buns with fruit salad on a plate", "Two hot dogs sitting on to of a white plate.", "Two hot dogs on a plate with fruit salad.", "Two hot dogs on buns sit on a plate.", "Two hot dogs with toppings sitting next to some cut fruit on a white plate."]
["Lower body shot of man in dark cloths, walking away in cross walk area, holding skate board.", "GUY WALKING CARRYING SKATE BOARD, WHITE DRESS AND GREEN HAND BAG BESIDE HIM", "A skateboarder holds his board in his hand", "a man walking down the street holding a skateboard", "A person that is walking down the street."]
["A hot dog covered in mustard and cheese sits next to french fries.", "Two hot dogs and french fries are kept on the table. ", "Some white blocks of cheese on a hotdog", "A hot dog with toppings and a side of fries.", "There are french fries and a hotdog on a bun with mustard and cheese."]
["A boy with a hat and face mask on while standing on a snowboard. ", "A little child learning how to snowboard near a park with an adult. ", "A child stands on a snowboard in the snow as an adult observes.", "a kid on a snow board stands in the snow", "Young skier learning how to balance on a snow board, while an adult watches."]
["A fried donut sandwich that's on a plate", "A greasy bagel is sitting on a plate.", "A bagel sandwich on a square plate next to a fork.", "A toasted bagel sandwich is on a plate.", "A bagel sandwich sitting on a square white plate."]
["A person holding a donut inside of a plastic bag.", "a small golden pastry in a plastic bag", "A person holding a very tasty looking treat.", "A person holding a piece of food in their hand. ", "This cronut has  been dipped in orange marmalade. "]
["A man in black jacket holding a drink and a hotdog.", "A man standing at a vendors cart with a hot dog and drink.", "a person holding a bottle of drink and a hotdog in a napkin at a hot dog stand.", "A man buying a hotdog at a street side hotdog stand.", "A man holds a pepsi and a hot dog in napkins at a cart."]
["A woman has fallen over in the snow on a snowboard. ", "Woman has fallen down while trying to snowboard.", "a person on a snow board laying in some snow ", "A snowboarder is leaning forward on her board.", "a person riding a snow board on the ground "]
["One of the two large hot dogs has been half eaten.", "a close up of a plate with two hot dogs", "Someone holding a paper plate with a full hot dog and a half eaten hot dog on it.", "A white paper plate topped with two hot dogs on buns.", "A paper plate that includes two hotdogs one of which is half eaten."]
["A sandwich on a bun with a pickle on the side.", "The hot dog is on a plate with a pickle next to it.", "A plate with a pickle and a sandwich stuffed with lots of vegetables.", "A sandwich and a pickle on a white plate.", "A sandwich with vegetables and a pickle sit on a plate."]
["A sandwich cut in half on top of a piece of tin foil.", "A sandwich filled with vegetables and meat sits on a silver wrapper.", "A sandwich made with a hard roll cut in half in the basket", "Sandwich in tin foil with meat and cheese.", "A yummy looking sandwich with lettuce and tomato on foil."]
["A sandwich and side-dish with fork sitting on table with containers of sauces for dressing.", "a sandwich meal sitting on a table next to some sauce bottles", "A half eaten hamburger sitting in a wrapper.", "Partial eaten sandwich on the tray in front of bottle of \"smoky\" sauce", "A sandwich with thick meat and a bottle of barbeque sauce"]
["A cup of food in a persons hand.", "a cup filled donuts and a plastic sword", "A person is holding a cup filled with tiny doughnuts.", "A person is holding a cup with food and a plastic sword in it.", "A close-up of a treat of fried donuts at an outdoor festival."]
["a close up of food on a plate on a table", "A plate of bread with cheese on top and a fancy orange china mug beside it. ", "a plate with some meat sitting on top of it ", "A couple of cheese covered pieces of meat on a plate.", "A sandwich on a plate and a cup and saucer on a table."]
["A plate with two doughnuts, strawberries, and coffee.", "Two bagels next to three strawberries on a white plate. ", "some tiny doughnuts and a couple of strawberries", "A couple of stawberry bagels, fresh stawberries, and coffee.", "two cake doughnuts with three strawberries and a cup  of coffee "]
["A sandwich sitting on a kitchen too next to a keyboard.", "A sandwich is seen on a paper plate.", "a plate that has some sandwiches on it", "A large toasted sandwich on a paper plate", "An egg and bacon sandwich on a paper plate."]
["Women are smiling and taking a photograph of something.", "Girls out with friends love to take pictures.", "A group of Asian women talking and waiting in line.", "A woman holding a plastic cup next to a crowd of people.", "Several women smiling and taking pictures with a camera."]
["a worker working at a asian restaurant handing a customer food", "a person behind the counter of a fast food restaurant ", "A person is behind the counter at a cafe", "A employee giving someone their order at an eating establishment.", "a fast food restaurant worker hands over food"]
["Adult holding food items in to go tray at outdoor event.", "A person holding a paper container with half a sandwich and some fried potatoes.", "A person with a wristband holds out a tray of food with a sandwich and potato salad.", "Half a sandwich and mixed vegetables in a paper tray", "there is a small plate of a sandwich and potatoes"]
["A plate topped with lots of food on a table.", "A plate with a sandwich, pickle and cole slaw in a person's lap.", "A white bread sandwich with lettuce, and cole slaw and a pickle on the side.", "A ORANGE PLATE WITH A SANDWICH A PICKLE AND COLD SLAW", "A red plate holding a sandwich, coleslaw and a pickle."]
["A toasted sandwich sits on a wooden cutting board.", "A sandwich is cut in half and stacked on a counter.", "Two sandwiches on some table made of wood.", "A toasted ham and cheese sandwich on a cutting board.", "Turkey sandwich toasted two halves on a table."]
["A man holding a cookie or doughnut next to his mouth.", "A guy holding up a round item near his face.", "A young man making a goofy face holding a doughnut up to his mouth.", "A man is making a joke with a hole in the donut.", "A man is holding a donut to his mouth."]
["a boy and girl are eating doughnuts in bed", "two children in a bed one with a doughnut", "The two children are sharing a messy chocolate donut in bed.", "A couple of children siting on a bed, one of them with a donut.", "A young boy and girl sitting on a bed."]
["A couple of pans filled with bagels with holes in the middle of them.", "a bunch of doughnuts sitting inside of a baking trey ", "muffin tins with some sort of cookie looking food", "A bath of donuts are freshly baked in an oven.", "A baker prepares a bunch of muffins in a tray"]
["A woman holding a surfboard standing on rocks by the ocean ", "A woman standing on rocks near the ocean while holding a surfboard.", "A young man in turquoise with a white surfboard.", "A surfer standing on a large rock next to the water.", "A man with a surfboard is standing on the large rocks by the water."]
["a man in a wet suit stands on top of a rocky hill ", "A man holding a surfboard looks out from a dune.", "A man is holding a surf board and standing on a dune.", "A surfer is standing in his wetsuit on a hill.", "A man wearing a wetsuit holding a surfboard under his arm."]
["a man that is on a surfboard in the water", "A guy wearing a wet suit riding a surfboard. ", "Male surfer in wet suit making classic run across the face of a breaking wave.", "A person surfing on a wave in the water on a surf board.", "A surfer cuts through a small wave in the ocean."]
["a golf ball sitting in a patch of straw, grass, and pine cones.", "an image of a golf ball that is sitting in the grass", "A golf ball on the ground among pine cones and grass.", "A yellow golf ball sits on a ground lined with pine needles and pine cones.", "The yellow golf ball is next to the acorn. "]
["The muffins are ready fresh out of the oven. ", "Four buns sitting on a metal plate in a dim picture.", "an image of a bread being baked in a pan", "The four baked rolls have been topped with brown sugar.", "Some sort of food sitting on a table. "]
["A pair of surfboards that have been placed upright. ", "a close up of two surf boards on a field", "Two surfboards sitting on top of lush green grass.", "Two surf boards have been placed in a rack, ready to be used.", "Two surfboards are standing on a wooden rack."]
["Many donuts with different flavors are displayed. ", "Trays and trays of fresh baked donuts including glazed, powdered and chocolate.", "a number of doughnuts behind a display glass", "An assortment of donuts are displayed in a bakery case.", "Several trays of doughnuts are on display behind glass."]
["a picture of a cake with little men figures", "Nicely decorated cake with icing, pecans, and cute dwarf's for decoration", "A bundt cake with icing and walnuts on it.", "Pecan topped red velvet bunt cake with white frosting.", "a round cake on a plate decorated with elves"]
["hamburger and chicken sandwich wrapped in wax paper", "A sandwich in a wrapper with french fries.", "a close up of a sandwich on a wrapper", "Some Danish style hot dogs in wrapper following purchase", "a sandwich and some chicken on a plate"]
["A chocolate cake with white frosting topped with chocolate cookies.", "A cookies and cream cake with a piece taken out of it", "Oreo cake sitting on tin foil with a large piece cut out of it. ", "A slice is cut from an oreo cookie cake.", "A slice has been taken from the cake topped with Oreo cookies."]
["A group of men playing a game of soccer on a field.", "A crowd is watching a soccer game being played.", "Soccer game in process with fans behind to support the game.", "People are outside in a field playing with a soccer ball.", "Men playing soccer during a game at a stadium."]
["a man is surfing down a narrow river", "A man riding a surfboard on to of a river.", "A man surfing the waves of a river in a town.", "a man surfing a little wave on the river", "A guy on a surf board in the river."]
["a person skying on the water with a wave", "A man riding a surfboard on top of a river.", "A guy doing a trick on a surf board.", "Young surfer being thrown off board at an indoor facility.", "A man surfing while other people watch him from the beach."]
["I hope the surfboarder does not fall under that huge wave.", "A MAN SURFING IN THE OCEAN WATER ", "A man who is on a surfboard riding a wave.", "a male surfer is riding in the middle of a wave", "A surfer on his belly riding a wave"]
["A person with his feet attached to a wake board, holding onto a para-sailing handle in the air.", "A person windsurfing against a cloudless blue sky.", "A person is hanging from a rope with a board attached to his feet.", "A man flying through the air while riding a kite board.", "a kite skier on a white board is in the air"]
["Two men in wetsuits with one man carrying a surfboard.", "A man in a wet suit walking with another man in a wet suit with equipment.", "Two men in a wet suits walk together while one holds a surfboard.", "A man with a surfboard on a beach next to another man.", "two people in scuba diving wear  walking on sand with one of the people holding a surfboard."]
["A surfboard that is on its side in the sand.", "A lifeguard's surf board on the beach near the surf.", "A person is standing on the beach near a lifeguard board. ", "A lifeguard surf board laying on its side near a shoreline.", "Group of people walking in front of a white surfboard by the beach. "]
["people walking and sitting on the sand at the beach.", "some people on a beach and two males are carrying surfboards", "Surfers and beach goers are on the sand.", "A group of people are at the beach and some of them are carrying surfboards.", "People on a beach holding surfboards or sitting in the sand."]
["A group of surfboards sitting next to each other on a beach.", "People have stored their surfboards at the top of the beach.", "People standing on the beach by rows of surf boards.", "A collection of multiple blue and white surfboards resting on the beach", "A lot of surfboards lined up in racks, at the beach."]
["there is a woman posing with a very large sandwich", "A woman standing next to a very large sandwich.", "A woman standing in front of a large sandwich with a knife in it.", "A woman standing next to a very large sandwich.", "A woman motions towards a large multi-person sub on a table"]
["A boy looking at a birthday cake with a little girl watching him.", "Two kids getting ready blow out birthday candles.", "Two children are standing near a birthday cake.", "A young boy and girl look at a colorful birthday cake.", "A couple of kids standing at a table with a birthday cake with lit candles."]
["A man holding up a big white surfboard", "A surfer holding a surf board,while in normal cloths.", "A man standing next to a white surfboard.", "A man that is standing near a surfboard.", "A young man in shorts stands in a room with a body board."]
["an image of  a man posing with surfboard", "A smiling man near a group of different surf boards.", "A man is sitting on the ground with surfboards.", "A man sits among a variety of surf boards", "A person is sitting with many surf boards."]
["a close up of a plate of food on a wooden table", "Chicken, bread, crackers and potatoes adorn a white plate.", "a meal with a sandwich and a few sides.", "A picture of some food on a plate.", "A plate of fried food with chicken and potatoes."]
["A cake has had a slice taken out of it and put onto the plate.", "two cakes on a table with a piece missing out of one", "A homemade cake with nearly a quarter of the cake missing beside a knife with icing on it. ", "Small white cake with frosting with a slice taken out of it. ", "A slice of a yellow cake with white icing."]
["A little boy with red hair laying on the ground next to surfboards.", "A boy plays in the sand among a group of surf boards.", "A small boy playing in the sand in the middle of a bunch of surf boards.", "Small boy playing near a group of surfboards in the sand. ", "A boy plays in the sand next to several surfboards.  "]
["A group of children playing soccer on a field.", "Fathers watching their children play soccer on a grassy field", "Children are playing kick ball in a fenced area. ", "Several kids that are playing soccer in the grass.", "Kids play soccer outside on a grassy field."]
["A sandwich is sitting on a paper plate.", "A sandwich made with just veggies on a paper plate.", "A vegetable sandwich sits on a paper plate.", "A sandwich sitting on a paper plate with a napkin.", "A sandwich that is sitting on top of a table."]
["a man riding a wave on a surfboard in the ocean.", "A person on a surfboard riding a wave.", "A surfer warning a body suit coming in on a wave.", "a man on a surf board on a large body of water", "A man on a surfboard riding a wave."]
["She is well balanced on her new surfboard.", "A surfer standing on their board in relatively calm water.", "a man that is surfing in some water", "A woman riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A woman is on her surfboard in the water."]
["A man walking in the ocean carrying a surfboard", "Man emerging from water with surf board in ocean.", "A man in a wet suit carrying a white surfboard in the water.", "Surfer and a black white suit holding a white surfboard under his arms. ", "A man is carrying a surfboard over still waters."]
["a baby sitting with a birthday cake between his legs", "a baby sitting in front of a birthday cake", "A baby sitting in front of a cake.", "A baby sitting and playing with a cake.", "A baby in a diaper with a birthday cake in front of him, with frosting on his hands."]
["A woman riding a surfboard while in the ocean.", "A surfer swimming out to catch a wave.", "A woman on a surf board, riding a wave.", "This is an image of a person surfing.", "A person surfing in the ocean on a sunny day."]
["A woman wading through water holding a surfboard.", "A woman carries a surfboard into the ocean.", "there are many surfers riding waves in the water", "A woman carrying a surfboard out into the ocean.", "A couple of people on surf boards on a beach."]
["A group of young men holding onto surfboards.", "Four men posing in their wetsuits with their surfboards. ", "Four different men are posing with three surf boards. ", "Four young people pose with their surfboards at the beach.", "A man standing behind a surfboard with other surfers behind him."]
["Two DVD cases with both of them relating to cats. ", "The two knitting magazines are on a couch.", "A pair of books sit on the couch cushions.", "Two books are shown, \"Knitty Knits\" and \"Teach yourself sock knitting\".", "A couple of knitting books sit on a couch."]
["A bunch of people at the ocean about to surf.", "A man paddle boards near the shore while birds fly nearby.", "A wake boarder gliding through the waves of the ocean", "The man is on his surfboard in the water.", "a man surfboard across a big wide ocean beach"]
["a man on a surf board riding a small wave", "A man is standing on a surfboard as two other people are laying on their surfboard in the middle of the sea. ", "There are a few surfers riding small waves in the water", "Blurry photograph of surfers on their boards in small swells ", "The group of people is playing in the water."]
["Surfer riding waves on their surfboards in the ocean.", "Several surfers riding a small wave onto the beach.", "Surfers on their boards ride the waves back to the beach.", "some surfers surfing some small waves on a sunny day", "A few surfers coming ti the end of riding the waves."]
["A young man is surfing on an ocean wave.", "A young man riding a wave on a white surfboard.", "A female surfer changes the direction of her board.", "A young lady is having fun riding a surfboard into shore.", "A surfer in a full body wetsuit with his hands up in the air, while riding a wave."]
["A couple stands with small hatchets poised above a cake. ", "a man and woman raise axes over their wedding cake", "A man standing next to a woman holding up hatchets.", "A bride and groom getting ready to cut their cake. ", "a bride and groom hold up small axes in front of a wedding cake"]
["A table is cluttered with plates of food.", "various food and coffee  on a wooden table", "A wooden table filled with cups of hot beverages and pastries on white plates. ", "A table filled with many plates with food on the plates and cups. ", "Food on plates along with cups of coffee sitting on a table."]
["a man standing on a surfboard in the ocean", "A man on a white surfboard riding a really big wave.", "A man rides a surfboard on a large wave.", "A surfer in a wetsuit skims the top of a wave by a pier", "a man that is surfing in some big waves"]
["A man is on a rug with a laptop computer.", "A man is laying on the bed while using a computer.", "a man lays on the floor as he messes with a laptop", "a man reclines on a bed and works on his laptop computer", " A man lying the floor working on his laptop."]
["A group of people riding surfboards on top of the ocean.", "A group of people paddle boarding in the ocean. ", "A group of people in the water on surf boards", "Surfers are sitting and standing on their surfboards in the water.", "people on a calm ocean on surfboards with one woman standing on a surfboard as she paddles using a long paddle"]
["A blue table cloth covered table topped with cakes and desserts.", "A white clothed table laden with dessert items.", "The table is full of desserts including cake, cookies, bars, and cupcakes.", "An assortment of dessert foods arranged in a small table.", "A table with a blue cloth has several deserts on it such as a layer cake and a cheesecake."]
["Two surfers with their heads disguised at Joe Biden and President Obama hold a surfboard", "Two surfers are standing on the beach, and their faces have been changed to Barack Obama and Ron Paul.", "Two surfers with cut out of Obama and Ron Paul for heads.", "Ron Paul holding a surfboard next to Barrack Obama.", "An Obama look like with another man holding a surf board.\n\n\n\nComment: \"This is where our tax dollars go!\""]
["A  young girl slicing up a cake on a wooden table.", "a woman trying to get a piece of cake from the table", "A view of a table from over head, two women are serving from a variety of cakes. ", "A table with two cakes and champagne glasses and two women serving cake. ", "Two women are fussing with deserts on wooden table."]
["A person riding the waves on a surf board.", "A man is riding the waves on a surfboard.", "The man does a trick on his surf board.", "A surfer rides a tall crashing wave onto the beach.", "A man on a surfboard who is riding a wave."]
["a green blanket a white bed red pillows and pictures ", "A room with a bed, a rug and several pictures on the wall.", "A bed with a throw matching the wallpaper  in a room.", "A bed with a bright green cover and matching bedroom wall.", "A bed sitting in a bedroom with a wooden headboard."]
["A plate topped with two pieces of cake and strawberry.", "Two pieced of cake with a  strawberry for garnish", "a beautiful deseart  platter of cheesecake and strawberries", "The desert has two squares of cheese cake and a strawberry.", "Dessert at a restaurant is two small pieces of cake with wine."]
["A cake sitting on top of a table next to a pie.", "A piece of cake that has candles inside of it.", "Small personal sized cake with many multicolored candles.", "They have candles lit up on the cake for someone. ", "A miniature cake that is adorned with four small candles. "]
["a bed room with two bends and two lamps", "A bunch of bags that are sitting on a bed.", "A couple of twin beds pushed up against each other.", "Twin beds with white spreads and pillows with luggage on top.", "A hotel room with two separate twin beds."]
["A man riding a wave on top of a white surfboard.", "A surfer hanging ten on a wave of aqua mist.", "a man on a surf board riding a wave ", "A man riding a surfboard in the ocean on a wave.", "A man is surfing the waves of the ocean."]
["A bed with a pillow at the tip is neatly made. ", "A large bed covered in a blanket and a few white curtains.", "A canopy bed in a white and brown room ", "a bed room with a neatly made bed ", "A platform bed has a black pillow on it."]
["A bed covered in a  blanket next to a window.", "From around a corner, the edge of a bed can be seen", "A made bed in a dark room with white curtains.", "Looking down at the tiled floor in a bedroom", "A made bed on a tile floor in a dimmly lit room."]
["A hut with a bed, lantern and pillows on the floor.", "a room with a wicker roof and walls holding a cot.", "the interior of a straw hut with a bed and floor pillows", "An oriental style room with tatami floor coverings.", "The hut is sparse, containing a cot and a few pillows."]
["A pizza topped with lots of cheese and toppings.", "A cut pizza with cheese and tomatoes on a pizza pan.", "a cheese pizza cut into many slices on a table", "This pizza was just given to a diner right from the oven", "A close up view of a cooked pizza."]
["A filed full of people sitting and standing on top of it.", "SPECTATORS WATCH AS PARTICIPANTS FLY KITES IN A FIELD", "People are sitting on a lawn and watching kites being flown in the sky. ", "crowd of people at a park playing with the kites", "A crowd of people sitting on a field watching kites being flown."]
["A man riding a surfboard on top of a wave.", "a man riding a wave with his surfboard ", "A surfer attempting a cutting move with his surf board on a wave.", "A young man with a surfboard is surfing in the water.", "A man on a surf board flying over wave."]
["A surfer is at the peak of a wave and circling around.", "a person riding a surf board on a wave", "A person that is riding a wave in the water.", "A person on a surfboard catching a wave in the ocean. ", "Surfer riding the height of a full wave."]
["A little girl jumping on a small child's bed.", "A small girl jumping top of her bed", "A LITTLE GIRL JUMPING UP AND DOWN ON HER BED", "A small girl jumps on her twin size bed.", "A little girl wearing pink jumping on a bed."]
["A bed sitting in a room next to a  lamp and chair.", "A picture of a clean comfortable looking hotel room.", "A neatly made up bed in a hotel room.", "A bed is neatly made in what appears to be a hotel room. ", "A room with a bed and a chair, the sheets are turned down."]
["A large bed sitting in a bedroom next to a window.", "A bed and a couch are arranged in a bedroom.", "A clean and well organized bedroom with white walls", "A well-furnished bedroom is pictured with a window seat.", "The light falls in a bedroom with a big bed with a pretty brown runner at the end of it. "]
["Coming ashore through the surf on a board.", "The guy is surfing in the ocean towards shore.", "A surfer is bent over riding the wave in to shore.", "Surfer on a wave about to reach the shore", "A person that is riding a wave while surfing."]
["A person riding a surfboard in the ocean", "A surfer catches some good air off of a wave.", "A man who is surfing on a wave in the ocean. ", "A person above an ocean wave on a surf board.", "A person riding a wave on top of a surfboard."]
["Pigeons attempt to eat pieces of pizza on the ground.", "a group of birds eating on some pizza ", "a number of birds eating pizza on a ground ", "Pigeons eating slices of fallen pizza on a sidewalk.", "Pigeons gather to eat pizza on the sidewalk."]
["A slice of pizza on a flower plate. ", "Small piece of pizza on a very colorful plate", "A piece of pizza sits on a floral design plate. ", "A small piece of gourmet pizza on a plate", "A slice of Margherita-style pizza on a white plate"]
["A man on a tennis court in the middle of serving the ball.", "A PLAYER ABOUT TO SERVE IN A GAME OF TENNIS.", "Man holding tennis racket and ball in air slightly above his hand.", "Tennis player throws ball above his head and in the motion of swinging at the ball. ", "a tennis player wearing a green shirt is playing tennis"]
["A hand holding a remote control is shown in close up with a television in the background.", "A person points a remote control at a large-screened television set.", "A person using an advanced universal remote control.", "A hand holding a remote control aiming for the TV. ", "A hand holding a remote control towards a tv."]
["Man arranging stuffed bear in a chair watching a TV in a desert.", "There is a TV in front of a chair in the middle of a field.", "A gray haired man has a TV and chair outside in the desert.", "A man standing behind a pumpkin man siting on a chair in front of a TV in the middle of a desert.", "A man outside with a teddy bear sitting in front of him on a chair. The teddy bear is watching TV in while in the desert. "]
["A dining table with a buffet table, book shelves and a wall clock.", "Four chairs sit around a dining table with papers and shoes on it.", "A table cluttered with a bunch of stuff.", "A dining room table with several items on the table, including a table cloth", "A dining room with a table covered by a tablecloth."]
["a person siting at a table with a plate of pasta", "MAN WITH A BIG GRIN GIVING THUMBS UP TO A PLATE FULL OF PASTA", "a man is smiling and giving thumbs up to a pizza topped with fries", "Man giving two thumbs up about a french fry topped pizza.", "A man is sitting at a table with food and beer."]
["A chair and television are by the sidewalk.", "a tv set and a computer chair on the side of the road ", "A chair faces a tv on the sidewalk.", "an office chair and television set on a sidewalk", "A television sitting on a street side by a chair."]
["A pizza with tomatoes is on a round plate.", "A single-serving pizza with tomatoes, spices, and mushrooms.", "Close up of a personal pizza with a slide being lifted.", "A small pizza with chicken, tomatoes and parsley.", "A pizza is smothered with toppings and garnished accordingly."]
["A big white plate filled with some sort of food item.", "A plate with a pancake with toppings on it", "A pizza covered in lots of toppings on a white plate.", "a pastry with some powdered sugar on top of it ", "A type of desert with chocolate and powdered sugar. "]
["a pepperoni pizza sitting in a box with one partially eaten slice", "A pizza cut into eight slices with a bite taken out of one piece.", "A pepperoni and cheese pizza in a pizza box.", "A pepperoni pizza sitting inside of a box.", "Part of one piece of the pizza in the box is gone."]
["A small white cat sitting on top of a laptop.", "A cat sits on top of a laptop computer.", "A white cat is sitting on a laptop", "A white cat sitting on top of a laptop computer", "A little cat sits on a laptop keyboard. "]
["A man with three different electronic devices on the table. ", "A hand touching a tablet computer on a table.", "A person touching a mobile device on a wooden table with phone and keyboard.", "A person sitting at a table with an Iphone, keyboard and using a tablet.", "A man sitting at a desk with a tablet next to a keyboard."]
["A bag sitting next to personal items on a wooden floor.", "A bag with tablet, electronic accessories and travel gear.", "A black handbag with items waiting to be packed.", "The contents of a computer case are displayed on a table for the photograph. ", "A bunch of items next to a book bag"]
["a laptop on a desk with a projector on the wall", "A man in balck jacket at wooden table with projection on wall.", "theres a projector on the wall showing a picture", "A man at a table with an open laptop and a presentation on the wall.", "An office meeting room with projection on screen, and tables, with man sitting, and a laptop, bottles and glasses."]
["A group of people around a large desk working", "A group of people that are sitting around a table.", "Three people sitting at a table, two with laptops and the other writing on paper.", "the people are in a meeting. There is a blue bottle next to a laptop", "People in conversation at a meeting in an office conference room."]
["A pizza and coffee on a tray of some sort.", "A piece of pizza next to a coffee mug.", "The half eaten pizza is near a mug of coffee.", "A tray topped with a a half a pizza and a cup of coffee.", "A half of a pizza with pepperonis next to a coffee cup."]
["A table with two chairs with a pink hairdryer on top.", "A cafe table and chairs on a sidewalk near a street.", "An outside table and chairs with a pink lamp. ", "An outdoor table and chair setting on the curb", "A pink retro blow dryer is set up on a table for two with view of the street curb."]
["a large pizza is on a large white plate", "Plate of personal sized pizza on table in front of drinks", "A pizza on a plate at a restaurant ", "A table is set colorfully with a pepperoni pizza.", "A whole pizza on a plate on a table at a restaurant. "]
["Boys are standing in a lot holding tennis rackets.", "A couple of kids on a court with tennis rackets.", "Two young boys with tennis rackets  on a tennis court.", "Two young boys are playing with tennis rackets.", "The young children are learning to play tennis on the court. "]
["A smiling man watching a woman make a pizza.", "A man and woman making homemade pizza with cheese.", "The man is leaning over as someone puts cheese on a pizza", "A person with a pizza on top of a stove.", "A man is watching a woman put food on a plate."]
["A tennis player with racket and a bag with a baby", "A man holding a tennis racket with a little girl putting something in a bag ", "A child reaching into a bag that a man is holding along with a tennis raquet.", "A little girl standing on a  tennis court with an adult.", "Very cute toddler reaching for something in a bag on a tennis court"]
["A game of tennis on a blue court with an audience.", "Some tennis players are playing tennis on the tennis court while a crowd watches.", "Several people playing tennis on a court with racquets in their hands.", "A man is hopping with a tennis racquet in the middle of the afternoon as people watch.", "Two tennis players play tennis on the court."]
["A piece of pizza with a bite taken out of it", "A person's hand holding a piece of pizza with a plate and a bottle in the background.", "a person holding a piece of half eaten pizza in their hand", "The pizza is prepared and ready to be eaten ", "A person with a slice of pizza and a bottle."]
["Two tennis players chat while a man in red stands by the score board.", "Men's Doubles professional tennis players approaching Court 2", "Two men on a tennis court with score board in the background.", "Men holding tennis rackets on a tennis field.", "two tennis players standing near eachother holding rackets"]
["Two girls sitting at the table with a personal sized pizza in front of them both", "A restaurant with a few people in it ", "A person with a pizza sitting at a restaurant table.", "A group of women eating pizza at a dinner table.", "Some people are outside and having fun. "]
["This slice of pizza is rather large and ready to eat. ", "A person holds their hand in front of a slice of pizza laying on tin foil.", "Outstretched hand and large pizza sliced shown in comparison.", "A palm-up hand in front of a giant slice of pizza.", "A open palm hovers above a slice of pizza.  "]
["A picture of some people on their computers.", "Several people sit at a booth looking at lit up laptops.", "A group of people sitting in a restaurant and each using a laptop.", "Sitting at the restaurant finishing up work for the day.", "This restaurant provides laptop computers in the booths for each of its patrons."]
["A woman sitting at a table with others using laptops.", "A woman sitting at a table holding a paper.", "Two women are smiling as one of them holds a menu.", "A lady smiles as someone takes her picture.", "A woman looks over a menu in a computer cafe. "]
["A group of people sitting at a table with laptops.", "A group of people sitting at a table in a restaurant looking at laptops and eating.", "A number of women sitting at a table with computers.", "A group of people gathered at a table using their laptops.", "people sitting around a table using their laptops "]
["A laptop and large crowd of people in a room.", "A laptop is open on a desk before a crowd of people.", "Laptop computer on table at indoor event with audience seated.", "A lap top computer on a desk in a classroom of people. ", "An open laptop computer sitting on top of a desk."]
["A young girl brushing a woman's teeth on a couch.", "A toddler attempts to brush a woman's teeth.", "A woman plays with a toddler sitting on a couch.", "Great picture of many individuals having a good time.\n", "a child with a tooth brush in a persons mouth"]
["A man sitting on a couch with a dog mug and remote control.", "A man is pointing a remote control at the camera.", "A man holding a dog mug pints the remote.", "A man with a mug and using a remote.", "A man sitting on a couch with a cup and a remote in his hands."]
["A remote that is sitting on top of a keyboard.", "A thing is catch here in the photograph. \n", "a little recorder sitting on top of a microphone ", "The is a remote on top of the keyboard. ", "A close-up of a computer keyboard with a small device over it."]
["Two men close to each other with a video game remote in their hand.", "a couple of men looking at a screen with bowling on it", "A man showing another man how to play a video game.", "Two people are playing Wii bowling while embraced.", "Two men holding remotes playing a game on the big screen"]
["an older man is brushing his teeth at home", "The man with a beard is brushing his teeth.", "A man with glasses looks ahead while brushing his teeth.", "A man brushing his teeth while wearing glasses.", "a hairy man in glasses brushing his teeth"]
["A little kid that is in a bath tub.", "A baby taking a bath in a regular size bathtub and brushing it's teeth.", "A toddler in the bath brushing his teeth", "An infant brushing his teeth in a bathtub.", "A young child is brushing its teeth in the tub."]
["a small boy is chewing on something yellow", "A young boy holding a toy in his hand and chewing on it", "A boy toddler brushing his teeth with a yellow toothbrush", "Baby with a toothbrush in his mouth looking at camera.", "A baby putting something in his mouth and happily."]
["Two men are playing video games in their home.", "Two people standing up while playing a video game. ", "Two friends are playing wii in the living room.", "A couple of men standing in a living room next to each other.", "Two men in a cozy living room playing a video game."]
["A person holding a remote in their hand.", "a person has a wii remote in their hand ", "A person holding two Nintendo Wii game controllers.", "A person holding a red and white Nintendo Wii controller.", "A man holding a remote seated next to a suit case"]
["Two men are playing a video game in the hotel room.", "A man plays Wii golf in a hotel room while another man eats.", "Two men in a hotel room, one playing a video game with a remote control.", "Two men in a hotel room playing a video game. ", "There is a man that is sitting in a hotel room"]
["A man holding a child with a toothbrush in its mouth.", "A child brushing teeth with a towel on next to an adult", "Man holding a baby with a toothbrush in its mouth.", "A man is holding a baby who is brushing it's teeth.", "A man holding a small child with a toothbrush in its mouth."]
["there is someone holding a remote in there hand ", "A hand holds a remote and plays a video game. ", "A person holding a controller aiming it at a tv.", "A man is playing a video game on the tv", "A wii remote is aimed at a television screen."]
["A messy living room and kitchen area of an efficiency apartment.", "A living room with furniture and cloths thrown everywhere.", "A couch with clothes and items scattered allover", "A room filled with a pile of clutter and a couch", "A very messy room with cloths all over it."]
["a boy and a girl are playing a video game", "Two kids are playing a racing game on the Wii. ", "Children playing a video game on the tv.", "Two people play a driving video game on a television.", "A guy and a girl playing a video game on the Nintendo Wii."]
["A couple of men holding Nintendo Wii game controllers.", "The men are using the monitor and the Wii game", "Two men play a game together using the Nintendo Wii gaming system. ", "Men playing video game on table with stairs in background", "Two guys stand by bottom of stairs playing the Wii"]
["A close-up shot of a girl, sitting down playing the Wii. ", "A woman holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.", "A woman that is holding a remote in her hand.", "Woman using video game control with other adults nearby.", "The woman is holding a video game remote upright."]
["A young boy playing a video game while sitting on a sofa.", "A young boy with a red cast plays a video game.", "The boy is sitting on a coach holding on to a remote", "A kid sitting on a couch with a remote.", "A boy is sitting on the sofa holding game controllers in his hands."]
["A picture of a person and another person laying down.", "A man standing in a room holding a Nintendo Wii controller.", "a person laying down and a person standing playing nintendo wii", "A man laying on the floor watching anther man standing with a remote in his hand in a living room.", "A man is standing next to another man who is laying on the floor"]
["A man holding a white game controller while standing next to a bed.", "A man standing in the middle of a room while a person lays on the floor.", "A man stands watching with a wii remote in his hand.", "The man holding a video game remote is near two people lying on the ground.", "a male in a black shirt is playing a video game"]
["A man standing in a room next to a man laying on the ground.", "A man standing in a room holding a video game remote", "a man standing in a room holding onto a wii mote ", "a man standing and looking at a person lying on the floor.", "A man in a black shirt standing over a person in jeans."]
["The man is sitting down on the floor playing a video game. ", "a man sitting on the floor while holding onto a wii mote ", "a man that is sitting down with a wii remote in hand", "A man that is sitting down on the floor with a remote.", "A man in a dirty t-shirt is playing a video game."]
["There are two people playing a video game together", "a pair of people playing with wii remotes", "two young people are playing a game on the wii", "A boy and a girl playing video game.", "A man and a woman playing a game on a WI."]
["A laptop and two controllers on a small table in front of a couch.", "A couch is set up with a tray table and video game remotes.", "The living room includes a grey sofa and a large laptop.", "Black laptop set on top of the table in front of the couch. ", "A couch with a small table holding a laptop."]
["A dining room scene is shown with a table and chairs.", "The image is inside of a home with a table and small sofa.", "A furnished neutral modern open floor plan. ", "A stylish room is depicted with minimalist furniture and a view to the outside.", "A living room with white walls and wood flooring. "]
["Living room with furniture with garage door at one end.", "A garage with a couch and furniture. ", "A variety of furniture sits scattered in a storage facility. ", "a couch some chairs a clock pillows some china", "a storage garage filled with furniture and things"]
["A large living room with yellow curtains and couches", "This is a picture of a very colorful living room.", "Two couches are sitting in a room with a coffee table in between them.", "It is bright and sunny in the living room.", "Two couches and a table in the room"]
["Man next to chair walking from living room.", "a man stands in a kitchen by a table", "A man walking in the kitchen near a chair. ", "A man who is standing in the kitchen.", "A man standing in a kitchen next to a couch."]
["A person holding a computer mouse next to a computer keyboard.", "a close up of a keyboard on a desk near a mouse ", "An aluminum keyboard with a hand and a mouse in the background.", "a person uses a mouse next to a keyboard ", "A hand is holding a mouse next to a computer keyboard."]
["A WHITE AND BLACK COCKER SPANIEL UNDER A COMPUTER TABLE", "A dog laying under a brown computer desk.", "A computer screen and keyboard on a desk.", "A dog that is laying down under a computer desk.", "a computer and speakers on a wood desk"]
["A computer and mouse sitting on a table,", "A keyboard that is sitting on a desk near a keyboard.", "A view of a mouse and keyboard, with an apple computer in back.", "AN APPLE COMPUTER IS ON A WOODEN DESK", "a mouse sits in front of a keyboard and monitor "]
["A man sitting at a computer desk with two desktop computer monitors sitting on it.", "A man is sitting in a chair with girl dolls all around him.", "A man is sitting next to a computer system with two monitors, keyboard, and mouse and a desk that has many figurines and dolls atop of it", "A man sitting in front of a couple computer monitor and a bunch of female figurines.", "A man in a black shirt next to a desk with two computer monitors and action figures. "]
["A living room display at an Ikea store", "A living room filled with lots of furniture and lighting.", "A living room with a tan couch and coffee table. ", "A living room with tags on the table, chair, lamp and vases.", "A couch and table in a small room."]
["A living room filled with furniture and a stair case.", "A living room setting with a wall of bookshelves, a chair and stairs to the upper level.", "A living room with a full bookcase is pictured.", "A room with several shelves, several books, a dresser, a couch and a table in it. ", "A large bookshelf filled with many books inside of a sitting area underneath the staircase."]
["A power tool sitting next to a computer keyboard.", "The keyboard and mouse is sitting on a wooden workbench next to a jigsaw. ", "A dusty computer keyboard and mouse sit in a toolshed.", "A keyboard and mouse on a table in a workshop. ", "Mouse a keyboard sitting on a work bench."]
["a keyboard on a table with a toothbrush a book some sunglasses and coffee", "A close up of a desk contains many items ", "There is a keyboard on a table with glasses and coffee.", "There is a keyboard among some supplies on a desk", "Keyboard, sunglasses, book, pen, and various items on a table."]
["A livign area with a sofa, chairs and a coffee table.", "A living room has orange couches with pillows.", "A living room with brown furniture and a lot of pillows.", "old living room with old furniture mostly orange   ", "a living room with couches a table and a mirror"]
["A beige wall has a light switch on it.", "A light switch on a beige wall with white trim.", "A light switch and door way in a building.", "Tan walls with light switches and white column.", "A hallway with a small view of a bathroom toilet."]
["A man is in the kitchen in front of a sink.", "A man is standing at a sink in an open kitchen.", "An empty wood cabinet kitchen in a house", "a man in a blue shirt in a kitchen with a stove sink and refrigerator", "A man standing next to a kitchen sink wearing a blue shirt."]
["the girl is using her cell phone to take a selfie. ", "a woman on her smart phone hangs out on the beach", "A woman plays with her cellphone on the beach.", " woman in a pink sweater holding a pink smart phone.", "The woman is using her phone on the beach. "]
["A woman sitting at a table next to a table.", "A woman is sitting under a cabana while using her phone.", "A woman is reading a book with her head cupped in her hand, as she sits in front of a park. ", "A woman at a table checking her cell phone.", "A girl relaxing at a table looking over a menu."]
["A table with two statues sitting under a picture.", "There are two statues sitting on a shelf in the entryway of a house.", "Two religious statues sit on a table at an entrance.", "A hallway of a home with a person in a wheelchair in the background", "A hall way in someones house with two budda statues. "]
["a man and a woman are walking dogs", "two people with dogs standing using cell phones ", "A man and woman with dogs on a dirt area next to water.", "A man and woman walk two dogs and use cell phones.", "A man and a woman are outside with two dogs."]
["two men  playing tennis on a court inside a fence", "Two men play tennis on a cement court. ", "Two men playing tennis on one side of the court.", "Two mean in an enclosed tennis count playing tennis.", "Two men on a tennis court, each holding tennis rackets."]
["A boy is walking on a tennis court and is carrying a tennis racquet. ", "Racket in hand, a young boy approaches a tennis net.", "A little boy that is standing on a tennis court with a racquet.", "a little kid on a tennis court while holding a racket ", "A little boy standing  on top of a tennis court."]
["A very large dimly lit living room with double doors with windows.", "A living room filled with furniture next to a door.", "A living room with a tile floor and two couches.", "A living room with some sofas and a door with windows.", "A living room is illuminated by natural light."]
["A person looking up at the sky where a kite is flying.", "A shirtless per son flying a kite in the sunny sky.", "A boy looking up at a flying kite in the blue skies", "A shirtless boy flying a kite against a blue sky.", "A boy looking up at a colorful kite."]
["A crowd of people watching a kite fly.", "A group of people flying kites  while some looks on", "A group of people watch a kite fly.", "Several people gathered around watching an object fly around in the sky", "A group of people watching a kite in the air"]
["A woman flying a kite in the blue sky.", "there is a woman that is flying a kite in the sky", "A woman flies a kite very high in the sky.", "this is a girl out flying a kite", "A woman standing outside flying a kite on a cloudy day."]
["A man holding a kite at the park", "A man that is standing in the grass with a kite.", "a man that is holding a large red and black kite", "A man holding a kite in a park ", "a man holding onto a red and black kite in the park "]
["A group of people standing in the sand with a kite.", "Some people stand on the beach and fly a kite.", "a family wawtching a kite hign in the air", "An adult and children standing on a beach flying a kite.", "A woman and two kids in the sand with a kite in the sky. "]
["A set of four scenes of people flying a kite over a field.", "Series of color photos of kites and \"bouncy houses\"", "four different pictures of colorful flying kites and some people", "Kites fly in the cloudy sky over a large grass area.", "Many kites being flown in an open field."]
["Group of people flying a kite on a plateau outdoors", "Three boys are standing in the grass while flying a kite. ", "A group of people standing on top of a hillside.", "Three men look at a kite flying above them.", "Three people on a small hill flying a kite."]
["A small group of people sitting at a table participating in a meeting.", "Four people sitting at a table doing crafts.", "People are holding a meeting seated around a dining table.", "A couple of people that are sitting at a desk together.", "A group of people sitting down at a desk having a conversation."]
["A man flying a kite in a  blue sky on top of top of a field.", "a person is flying a kite in a park", "The man is setting on a chair watching the kites.", "Someone sitting in a chair flying a kite at a park", "a wooden bench and some kites on the air"]
["A blue van parked in a desert field under a kite.", "a small blue car and a person flying a kite", "A person is flying a kite on the beach.", "A person flying a kite with a blue car in the background.", "A person is flying a kite behind a blue vehicle"]
["A group of people who are flying kites.", "A group of people that are standing together with kites.", "A large crowd of people flying kites in the air.", "A group of people fly kites against a city skyline.", "a big crowd of people some are flying kites"]
["A group of people gather in an open area and fly kites. ", "There are several kites flying over a crowd of people.", "A group of people in street with kites in the sky.", "A busy city walk with people flying kites", "A crowd of people standing next to tall buildings flying kites."]
["crowds of people on an overcast day, looking up at kites", "A group of people standing near the Washington Monument.", "A group of people at a park flying kites.", "A group of people fly kites in a Washington DC park.", "Kite flying, Washington DC with Smithsonian and Washington Monument in background."]
["A woman standing on a beach next to the ocean.", "a person in a blue shirt is flying a kite at the beach", "A person flying a kite on a rocky beach.", "A lone woman flying a kite on an empty beach", "There is a woman on the beach flying a kite"]
["A person in a jeans jacket flying a colorful kite.", "A woman holding a kite up to her face.", "A person holding a kite surrounded by a group of people.", "some people are on some grass and some have kites", "a guy holding a kite that looks like a dragon"]
["A woman flying a red kite on top of a lush green field.", "A woman holds up a stunt kite for launching.", "A woman is helping a red kite fly in a park. ", "a person on a field with a kite and trees near by", "A lady is holding the kite ready for lift off. "]
["A woman trying to fly a kite in a lush green field.", "A person in a park with a kite on the grass with trees.", "A person chasing their red kite through a park.", "A woman stands next to a kite in a sunny park.", "A person is flying a kite low to the green ground."]
["historical buildings and people walking in the streets", "A BIG BUILDING WITH A HUGE CLOCK IN THE MIDDLE OF IT.", "A clock is shown on the side of a building.", "People are standing on the street in front of a building with a clock.", "people walking on a street with a clock on a building"]
["A flat screen TV with an image of a baseball player holding a baseball bat.", "A man playing baseball on a television set.", "An Orioles baseball player in a crowd scene on television.", "an image of a baseball game being watched on tv", "Television view of a baseball player holding a bat. "]
["A man with a bat in his hand and another man has a musical instrument.", "A man with a bat standing on a stage of instruments.", "A group of people standing playing music and a game.", "A man holding a baseball bat with other men looking on ", "A man standing among group of people holding a baseball bat."]
["A baseball player swinging a bat on a baseball field.", "A man hitting a baseball at a baseball game", "Batter hitting ball at professional baseball game in stadium.", "A baseball player takes his best swing at the coming ball. ", "A batter swinging at a pitch during a baseball game."]
["A LITTLE BOY IS HITTING A BASEBALL WITH HIS BAT", "A young tyke swings at the ball which is mid air, not far from his baseball bat.", "A little girl takes a swing at an oncoming ball as a man walks past her.", "Little boy on a baseball field about to hit the ball that has been pitched to him.", "a small child swinging a baseball bat at a ball"]
["A baseball player holding a bat next to home plate.", "A kid up to bat in a baseball game.", "a young baseball player is at base about to hit the ball", "A group of people on a field playing baseball.", "A young boy at a baseball game as the batter."]
["A baseball player holding a bat standing next to home plate.", "Baseball player at plate looking at baseball go by him. ", "A batter and catcher wait for the baseball during a game.", "Baseball players watching their team mates play a game", "A baseball player is preparing to swing a bat at a ball."]
["a baseball player in a hat holding a baseball bat", "A batter is waiting for the next pitch to swing at.", "The baseball player has hit bat ready and is waiting on pitch.", "A man holding a bat while standing next to a base.", "The batter and catcher during a baseball game"]
["Pizza sitting on top of a table next to a couple of wine glasses. ", "A pizza is served with some wine and water.", "A pizza on a plate and some wine in a glass.", "A pizza that is next to a bottle of wine.", "The pizza is on the table next to a wine bottle and a glass. "]
["A tennis player approaches the ball with her racket.  ", "The woman swings her racket at a tennis ball in the air. ", "A tennis player is hitting the ball over the net.", "A woman is on a tennis court and is hitting a ball with her racquet. ", "A woman casually reaches up to hit a tennis ball."]
["A tennis player hitting a tennis ball while the referee looked on.", "A man is swinging a tennis racket on a blue court.", "A man in blue shirt and white shorts playing tennis.", "a tennis player swinging a tennis racket at a ball", "an image of a tennis player serving the ball"]
["A cheesy pizza sitting on top of a white plate.", "A small figurine sitting by a pizza on a table.", "A toy figurine stands beside a mushroom pizza.", "A pizza cut into pieces with an action figure nearby", "A toy figurine standing next to a small pizza."]
["Four people on a tennis court holding tennis rackets.", "Happy professional tennis players talking on the court", "A group of three women playing a game of tennis with a male.", "Four people on either side of a net with racquets.  ", "Two tennis double teams interact with each other at the net."]
["A pizza sitting on top of a wooden table.", "a cheese pizza cut into slices on a table", "A small doll that is next to a cooked pizza.", "A pizza on a plate on a table ", "a pizza is sitting out of a wooden table"]
["A slice of pizza that is on a plate.", "The people sit at the table near a half eaten pizza. ", "A table with a deep dish pizza in a pan and a dish with one slice and fork on it.", "A pizza sitting on a table that has plates and glasses on it.", "A deep dish pizza on restaurant plates topped with olives. "]
["Two slices of pizza with toppings and a beverage on a table. ", "a close up of a plate with two slices of pizza", "A couple of slices meat and veggie pizza.", "A paper plate with pizza with toppings on it", "Two slices of pizza sitting on top of a paper plate."]
["Two pizzas with green vegetable toppings are on cutting boards.", "Two vegetarian style pizzas on top of wooden cutting boards.", "Both of the small pizzas have greens on them.", "Two pizzas on wooden cutting boards topped with vegetables", "Two pizzas with green toppings on top of it."]
["A women serving a tennis ball on a tennis court. ", "She is going to hit the tennis ball far down the court.", "a kid that has a racket in her hand", "A woman hits a tennis ball with her racket.", "a woman hitting a tennis ball on a tennis court"]
["A tennis player slides through the dirt for a hit", "A male tennis player with a racket and ball at the court", "A guy holding a tennis racket in the middle of hitting a ball. ", "A man hitting a tennis ball on a clay court.", "A tennis player hits the tennis ball on the court"]
["A male tennis player jumping in the air to serve a ball on a clay court with spectators looking on.", "A man is jumping to hit the tennis ball at a amatch.", "A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A person that is playing in a tennis game.", "A man is jumping with a tennis racket"]
["A man standing on a  tennis court holding a racquet.", "An Asian man engaging in a game of tennis", "A person is taken in this very picture.\n", "a man is holding a tennis racket outside", "A tennis player at a formal tennis match. "]
["A person is trying to hit a ball with a tennis racket.", "A man rared back at a tennis ball with a racquet.", "A tennis player looks up at the ball and readies himself to hit it. ", "A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A man tossing a tennis ball and swinging a tennis racket at it."]
["A woman in a black dress holding a racquet.", "A woman in a black outfit with a tennis racket.", "A woman in a black dress swings a tennis racket", "A woman walking across a tennis court, swinging a tennis racket.", "a girl standing in a tennis court with her racket."]
["She doesn't look very comfortable holding the tennis racket.", "A woman holding a tennis racquet while standing on a tennis court.", "Young woman with red hair playing on tennis court.", "A woman in a pink shirt is holding a tennis racket.", "A woman holding a tennis racket inside an enclosed court."]
["A woman on a tennis court with a racquet.", "A young woman holding a tennis racquet on a court.", "A young girl plays tennis in a court with grass in the cracks.", "A female in black returns a tennis ball with her racket.", "A woman holding a tennis racket in both hands standing on a court."]
["A pizza is topped with ham, pineapple, mushrooms, and extra cheese.", "A homemade pizza with gourmet toppings cools on a plate.", "A pizza sitting on top of a white plate on top of a wooden table.", "Cheesy Hawaiian style pizza with anime character in background", "A pizza with corn, ham and other ingredients is on a plate."]
["A tennis player stands on the court in an empty stadium. ", "a female holding a rackett above her head on a tennis court", "A person on a court with a tennis racket.", "A woman is playing tennis while a couple of people watch.", "A woman swinging a racket in her hand on a tennis court. "]
["a man with a tennis racket gets ready to serve a tennis ball ", "A tennis player is preparing to play a game of tennis.", "A young man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A man plays tennis while a crowd watches ", "A man standing on a court with a tennis rack in his hands."]
["a woman on a tennis court getting ready to hit a ball with her racket", "Lady on ball field with empty bleaches with arm outstretched. ", "The female tennis player is about to hit a ball.", "A woman taking a swing at a tennis ball", "A WOMAN IS PLAYING TENNIS ON THE COURT"]
["a female in a blue top is playing tennis", "A woman swinging a racket at a tennis ball.", "A woman holds a tennis racket and moves towards a ball on a tennis court. ", "A woman on a tennis court is going to hit the tennis ball.", "a woman with a blue shirt and black pants playing tennis ball "]
["A slice of pepperoni and sausage pizza and a drink in a disposable cup.", "there are two slices of pizza and a drink on top of the table", "Two slices of pepperoni pizza covers the plate on the table", "a big slice of pizza sits in front of a soda ", "Two pepperoni pizzas and a cup on a counter. "]
["A guy standing in a horse stance holding a tennis racket.", "A tennis player is waiting to return a serve.", "a man standing with his legs wide on a tennis court", "A man who is holding a tennis racket.", "A professional tennis player waits for the ball to come to him."]
["A young man holding a tennis racket waiting for a serve.", "a man with a tennis racket is being watched by other people", "A man with a tennis racket with other people standing behind him.", "man on a tennis court holding a racket and playing badminton ", "A tennis player playing tennis on the tennis court. "]
["a woman wearing a white dress is playing tennis", "A woman professional tennis player about to return a shot", "A tennis player on the tennis court in the middle of the swing.", "A young woman hitting a tennis ball while standing on a tennis court.", "A tennis player about to swing at a tennis ball"]
["A man running to hit a tennis ball with a racket. ", "A man in white shirt and black shorts playing tennis.", "A man is playing tennis on a dirt court.", "A man in a blue and white tennis shirt, dark shorts and white cap, playing tennis.", "Tennis player about to hit ball back over while being close to net"]
["a tennis player crouching down near the net", "A male tennis player about to return a tennis ball.", "A tennis player holding a tennis racquet on a court.", "A man on a brown tennis court playing tennis.", "A tennis player crouches low as he waits for the ball to come across the net. "]
["A tennis player reaches for a tennis ball.", "A tennis player returning a shot on a clay court", "a person stretching to hit a tennis ball", "The man is going for the tennis ball.", "A man holding a tennis racquet next to a tennis ball."]
["Two young men playing a game of tennis.", "Man jumping across way to hit a ball.", "A tennis player lunges for the ball with a backhand.", "Tennis player trying to reach tennis ball while other player watches from other side of net.", "A man running toward tennis ball to return to other player."]
["A man holding a tennis racquet and a tennis ball.", "Man in black shorts and red shirt playing tennis.", "Red shirted tennis player preparing to serve ball.", "A man with a tennis racket and ball leaning forward.", "A man holding a tennis ball and a tennis racket."]
["A man in red shorts plays tennis on a green court.", "A man in red and black gets ready to return a tennis ball.", "a man playing tennis with a red and black tennis outfit ", "A man playing tennis is swinging his racket. ", "A male tennis player with a racket in his hands"]
["a woman playing tennis with many people watching ", "A tennis player facing left while standing in front of a banner on a fence", "A tennis player is being watched by a crowd.", "A crowd is watching a tennis game in progress.", "A woman is playing tennis is a professional competition."]
["A young man swinging a racquet at a tennis ball.", "A male tennis player reaches up to serve a ball.", "a man holding a tennis racket lunging for a tennis ball", "The player prepares to hit the tennis ball with his racket.", "A man looking upward at a tennis ball. "]
["A woman on a court with a tennis racket.", "A woman in white and yellow dress holding a tennis racket.", "A tennis player waves from the tennis court. ", "A woman in a tennis dress holding one hand above her head and the other is holding a tennis racket.", " A woman stands with one arm in the air as she holds a tennis racquet in the other hand. "]
["A man sitting at a desk with papers on it", "A man sitting in front of a laptop computer.", "A man sits on hit laptop and desktop behind a messy desk.", "The man has both a laptop and a desktop computer.", "A man sitting at a desk in front of a laptop and computer monitor with a glass of champagne."]
["A young man using his laptop at a desk", "A man siting at a desk using a laptop computer.", "Guy sitting at desk working on his laptop.", "Man sitting at a computer desk holding a microphone to his mouth. ", "A man sits at a desk looking at a laptop."]
["A large projector screen above a table covered on laptop computers.", "There is a projector screen that appears to be connected to a laptop.", "A large screen hands on a wall as two open laptops sit on a table.", "two laptops and a projector screen in an office.", "Two computers in a room with a projection screen."]
["A man with a laptop and headphones at a table.", "A man with headphones taking wine and also working on a laptop", "The man sitting at his laptop with earphones is drinking wine.", "a man wearing head  phones while seated at a dining table and typing on an open laptop. ", "A man working on his laptop and drinking wine."]
["A Pepsi refrigerator sitting outside of a Mini Market.", "An exterior shot of a small convenience store.", "A mini market with a pepsi machine on the sidewalk", "A soda refrigerator outside of a mini market.", "A pepsi vending machine near a lo fi store front"]
["Two women with glasses are by their laptops.", "These ladies with their identification around their necks are working on their iphones.", "THERE IS A WOMAN SITTIGN AT THE TABLE WITH HER LAP TOP ", "Two women sitting at a table in front of laptops ", "Two women are at a table with laptops."]
["A laptop with a mouse next to a stack of books.", "A stack of books sit next to a laptop on a desk.  ", "An open laptop sitting on a table next to a pile of books and brochures.", "A pile of books and a laptop on a table.", "an image of a desk area with a pile of books"]
["Two men are using laptops and a child is walking around.", "A group of young people sitting around a laptop computer.", "a sideways image of two men and a child lounging in a living room", "Two males sitting with laptops while a young man looks on.", "A young man is sitting on a rug while on a laptop"]
["A man looking at a child holding a brightly colored computer.", "A man sitting in front of a laptop computer next to a child.", "a man sits next to a child as he uses a computer ", "A man working on his laptop while a child plays on a toy version.", "a kid laying with a toy laptop while his dad next to him is using a real laptop "]
["A man sitting at a table working on his laptop. ", "A man sitting in front of a laptop computer.", "a well arranged room as an meeting room", "A person works on a laptop while sitting at a table. ", "A man is on a laptop at a table"]
["a female sitting at a desk working on a laptop", "A girl and a guy are sitting at a desk playing on their laptops.", "A woman with glasses is sitting at a desk as she types on her laptop.", "a woman sitting at a table while using her white laptop", "The young people are working on their laptops at work."]
["a couple of computers that are on a counter", "two laptop computers sit on a countertop, plugged with wires", "A couple of laptop computers sitting on a  counter.", "Two laptop computers side by side on a tiled countertop.", "The view of two lap top computers on top of the counter."]
["Some hot chocolate is in front of a computer.", "A mug of tea in front of a laptop computer.", "A cup of tea sitting in front of a laptop.", "an image of a mug in front of a laptop", "The laptop is turned on and the person is ready to work. "]
["Clock tower decorated with banner and bird statue.", "a big building with a clock in the top of it ", "a small clock is on top of a tower", "A clock tower on an old historic building.", "A clock tower with a bird statue and a sash"]
["A glass next to a laptop computer on a desk.", "A drink sitting near an open laptop on a desk", "There is a glass of wine next to a computer", "A laptop next to a glass of wine somewhere.", "A win glass on a table with a lit candle and laptop computer."]
["Two students study on two separate bench tables", "These two students are sitting in front of a laptop.", "Two students sitting at different tables on laptops.", "two people sitting at two different benches both operating laptops", "Tow children sit at wooden benches while using their laptops."]
["A woman in a theater style chair typing a laptop.", "A woman is sitting and using a laptop.", "A woman typing on a computer in a lecture hall.", "A woman in a seat is on her laptop.", "a person sitting in an auditorium using a laptop"]
["A couple of men sitting at a table using laptop computer.", "Two men working at a table with a laptop and other items.", "Two males with laptops working at a table.", "Two men sitting at a table with laptops.", "two men using their computers at a table "]
["Shelves of stuffed animals of various color and shapes.", "Many stuffed bears are lined on the shelves.", "very many teddy bears in a shop with different colors", "many difference stuffed animals on a shelf on a wall", "Several different types of stuffed animals arranged on shelves."]
[" A clock on a building tower with turret rooms.", "A clock sits on the outside of a tower. ", "Turreted tower of a tall building with clock", "An unusual architectural design for a clock tower.", "A clock that is in the middle of the building."]
["A table with computer equipment and two men, one eating while the other works on a laptop.", "A man eats food from a bowl as another man sits at a black laptop at a table in an outdoor area.", "Two men at a table using laptops and eating.", "A man is eating a meal while another man is working at a laptop computer.", "A man eating a meal outside whole another man works on a laptop."]
["A vase filled with a bunch of pink flowers next to a coffee cup.", "An arrangement of pink tulips is sitting beside a flowered coffee setting.", "A vase full of tulips and a cup and saucer.", "A vase with pink flowers and green leafs in it, set near a cup and saucer.", "Pink flowers in a clear vase next to a mug."]
["A large clock tower with a giant clock and two statues.", "A clock on a yellow building with trees in the foreground.", "a clock on a building with tree leaves in the foreground", "A clock tower somewhere in the world during the day.", "a yellow building tower clock next to shrubbery."]
["The stoves inside of a pizza place's kitchen with pizza boxed on a shelf. ", "pizza ovens with  a bunch of pizza boxes up top", "a lot of pizza boxes above a double oven ", "A couple of toaster ovens sitting next to each other.", "Ovens in  a kitchen and a number of packed items"]
["A stair case sitting next to a wooden desk with a computer on it.", "Scene from the top of stairs looking down at den with desk and tall clock.", "Its an old time hotel but there is no one to man the receptionists desk.", "A grandfather clock and desk are seen from a stairway.", "Plaid staircase and floor with wooden railings and embroidery."]
["An old looking white fridge in a big rock wall.", "A FRIDGE INSIDE A  LARGE CONCRETE ENCLOSURE WITH FLOWERS PLANTED NEAR BY. ", "a traditional house made and flowers outside it", "A weird looking door with some rock all surrounding. ", "A refrigerator sitting on the inside of a large stone mountain."]
["A TV is above the fake flowers, bag, and there is also a clock. ", "Looking at the wall with a clock and tv and flowers.", "a shelf with some flowers a vase a clock and a television", "A shelf filled with flowers and cards and gifts.", "A shelf with flowers, cards, and other presents on it. "]
["A curved bamboo next to a flower vase", "Two plants that are sitting next to each other.", "A white case that has some flowers in it.", "a plant  next to a little vase with some flowers in it", "A nice bamboo plant with some other greenery."]
["various items from a woman's purse, including change, wallet, planner, music-player, knitting project, and more", "An umbrella and many other assorted items on a table.", "A bag lays flat on a table with the contents of it next to it, including an umbrella, change, an ipod, books and other things.", "The contents of an oversized handbag lie on a tabletop.", "A group of random assorted items lay on a table, including a wallet, ipod, spare change, a purse, a book and an umbrella."]
["A man seated at a dinner table with a laptop computer having a conversation with a gentleman. ", "A man and woman speaking to a seated gentleman.\n", "Three people are at a table talking and the laptop is opened in front of them. ", "Two men and a woman talking at a table with a laptop.", "A small group of people sit around a laptop and speak."]
["A room with tables and laptops and a power point screen.", "a table that has  a bunch of laptops on it", "There are many different laptop computers around the table.", "A conference room full of tables with laptops ", "Various tables covered in laptops next to a display."]
["A woman standing at a table holding a pepper cracker.", "A woman in a blue sweater preparing food.", "A woman is smiling while holding a pepper mill.", "A woman smiles as she prepares food with a mortar and pestle. ", "The lady is holding a kitchen utensil above the red bowl."]
["A green and white stove top oven in a kitchen.", "An older oven and stove with a pot and jar sitting on top.", "A green stove with a pot on top of it.", "A small green stove in a kitchen room.", "an old fashioned oven and stove with a pot"]
["People are standing near a tall steeple with a clock.", "A view of a clock tower, from across the way.", "Several people stand in the shadow of a tall clock tower.", "Domed bell tower above a clock tower on a building.", "a large tower with a clock on it"]
["A picture of a clock on top of the building.", "a very tall building tower the color of yellow", "A yellow, white and black building with a clock on it near other buildings and trees. ", "There is a click tower on the front of the building", "a big building with a clock at the top of it"]
["A person is browsing Facebook on their phone in a restaurant.", "A picture of a phone that is displaying a facebook page.", "A cell phone screen displaying someones Facebook page.", "A cell phone that is showing the facebook page.", "A close up image of a slider phone on a Facebook app. "]
["some one about to take a picture with a camera", "a person with a phone in their hand taking a picture", "a person using a cell phone and some kitty nick knacks ", "A camera that is being held by hands.", "A woman holding a smart phone in her hands."]
["A smart phone sitting inside of a red pouch.", "A smart phone sticking out of an orange cover", "a iphone sitting inside of a phone case ", "A cell phone is in a sleeve on a table.", "A cell phone protrudes slightly from its case."]
["The cover of a magazine called \"Fast Company\" featuring toddlers with smart phones", "A magazine cover with children on the cover", "The cover of a magazine with two little girls on it.", "A magazine with two children sitting on a box, one holding a cell phone.", "The young children are playing on cell phones. "]
[" a person siting on a hill talking on a cell phone", "A man wearing a white shirt, jeans and sunglasses talking on a cell phone while sitting on a green slope.", "There is a man sitting on a hill talking on the phone", "A man sitting in the grass on a hill talking on the phone.", "A man who is talking on a cell phone sitting on some grass."]
["A microwave oven sitting between wooden shelves over a wall.", "A shot of a kitchen undergoing a remodel ", "a mounted microwave between wooden cabinets without doors", "It looks like someone is just moving into an apartment.", "  a kitchen being remodeled with a microwave"]
["White cook top oven with three electric burners.", "A stove with three burners pushed back to the wall.", "An electric range is shown in a stark white setting.", "A small stove only has three burners on it", "A three range stove top with nothing cooking on it."]
["a baby is reaching up and over an oven", "A young child is trying to reach the knobs on a stove.", "A toddler in diapers reaches for an oven control.", "Baby in diapers grabbing a button of a stove.", "A little boy playing the knobs of the stove."]
["A blue freezer refrigerator sitting in a kitchen next to a counter.", "A baby blue refrigerator, or perhaps a pizza oven.", "A blue refrigerator in the corner of a kitchen.", "An antique blue refrigerator is being used in a bit more traditional kitchen. ", "The baby blue and silver refrigerator is in the corner of the kitchen."]
["A man standing in front of a refrigerator freezer.", "a person in a kitchen opening the freezer of a refrigerator", "A man in a kitchen taking a beer from the refrigerator. ", "A man in the kitchen holding a beverage. ", "Young man getting a beer from the kitchen refrigerator "]
["A metallic freezer refrigerator sitting inside of a kitchen.", "The refrigerator in the kitchen has a metallic silver color.", "Stainless steel refrigerator next to white stove in kitchen", "A new stainless steel side by side refrigerator.", "A large double door stainless steel refrigerator in a home kitchen."]
["A refrigerator door is open and it is full of foodstuffs.", "an open refrigerator showing all the food inside", "Stainless steel refrigerator with door open showing beverages and food items.", "A refrigerator with one of the double doors open and the light on.", "a silver fridge is open with a bunch of food inside "]
["An open refrigerator has food stacked in it.", "One side of this refrigerator is open the other side is closed", "A photo of a refrigerator with its a door open.", "A large metallic refrigerator filled with food in a kitchen.", "A refrigerator with the freezer section door ajar."]
["Kitchen scene showing a black counter on top of white counters.", "A kitchen with a white refrigerator freezer next to a counter.", "A small kitchen with a modern glass top stove.", "A clean kitchen with tile flooring and a small table", "This is a small and clean but cluttered kitchen."]
["The traffic and people on a commercial street corner at night", "Curved building at a busy intersection lit up at night.", "Traffic is passing through an intersection in front of a building at night. ", "A city intersection with a clock tower at night time.", "Nightime city scene with traffic and lighted buildings."]
["A clock with the Seiko logo underneath it.", "A large clock tower on top of a tall white building.", "a clock tower on top of a large building", "Large clock on top of stone building at night.", "A lit up clock atop a historical building at night"]
["Woman proudly hod,ing expired vegetables in bag of plastic", "A woman holding a bag of nasty looking food.", "A woman holding a bag of items next to an open fridge.", "A woman standing by a refrigerator with a bag.", "A woman holding up a bag with food in it."]
["An old church with a clock on it is seen here.", "A dirty old, brick built church in a field", "An old stone building with a clock and tower on the top.", "A building with a clock on the outside of it and a compass on top of it.", "A tall brick building with a bell tower."]
["A doorway with a large glass window on top of a wooden floor.", "A narrow way with a refrigerator in the corner.", "A fridge in front of a white back door  ", "a view of a refridgerator and door with a wooden floor in front", "A very narrow kitchen with a fridge and door leading outside."]
["A woman pours canned tomatoes into a blender. ", "A lady is pouring some tomatoes into a blender.", "A lady has just blended a drink and pouring it. ", "A woman in a gray tank pours tomatoes into a blender.", "A woman pouring something into a blender cup."]
["A person mixing something in  a blender.", "Person holding the top of a blunder on top of the kitchen table. ", "A person making fresh salsa in a blender", "A person using a blender to make a drinking.", "Someone blends a red mixture in a chrome blender."]
["A large building with Christmas wreaths hanging from wall-to-wall.", "A building filled with christmas decorations and clocks.", "THERE ARE CHRISTMAS DECROATION ALL OVER THE PLACE", "Two clocks are visible around many Christmas decorations.", "Christmas decorations and roman numeral clocks in a building. "]
["A blender that has had some liquid come out on the counter.", "a blender sitting on a counter full of liquid", "A food processor on a dirty counter contains a mixture.", "a blender with some food inside of it ", "A blender on a counter with no lid and a mess around it. "]
["A white teddy bear is posed to appear to be reading a book.", "White teddy bear wearing glasses sitting beside a rocking chair.", "A white bear stuff toy sitting next to a mini chair and book.", "A white stuffed animal doll with glasses next to a book.", "A bear sits next to a book and a chair."]
["A large ornate building with a clock tower.", "A clock that is on the side of a building.", "The building in the center has a white tower with a clock. ", "The tower of the building has a clock displayed on it.", "A VERY BIG BRICK BUILDING WITH A VERY TALL CLOCK TOWER "]
["A stone tower with a clock and a flag on it", "A clock tower with a red flag at the top.", "a brick tower with a clock built in the side of it", "A clock tower that is round and has a flag on top.", "A large tower with a flag flying atop of it."]
["a clock tower with many buildings in the back ground", "A large yellow clock tower sitting next to high rise buildings.", "An old building with Victoria University in the background.", "A picture of a clock tower next to Victoria University.", "There is big Ben in the middle of the city.  "]
["A shadow of a man watching the clock on the wall.", "The image of a man in shadow below a clock.", "A clock on a wall and a shadow of a man's head", "Shadow of a human's head on a wall with a clock on it.", "A persons shadow next to a wall clock."]
["Winter breakfast meal ready for one person at a cafe", "A wooden table filled with plates and bowls of food.", "A table is set with a full dinner. ", "A breakfast meal laid out on a table, including porridge, bread, orange juice, water, and coffee.", "A bowl of soup with bread and a cup of coffee."]
["A clock tower next to a building and trees.", "a clock tower near a building with trees near by", "The building has a tower that displays a clock.", "an image of a large building in the air", "The large red building has a clock tower on the side."]
["A table with wine glasses, and plates filled with pastries.", "a table of food on a wooden table with two people sitting at it", "A dinner table with glasses of wine and a plates of cheese and crackers.", "A table topped with plates of food and bottles of wine.", "a table with some dishes with food on it"]
["The two teddy bears are posed together to take a photo. ", "Two teddy bears are against a black background.", "Teddy bears seemingly hug one another against a dark background", "a couple of teddy bears laying next to one in other.", "Two brown teddy bears standing next to each other."]
["View of a clock on the top of a building.", "A clock mounted to the side of a brick building.", "A clock is hanging on the face of a building.", "a huge building with a clock on it", "A big clock on the side of a big building."]
["A tall tower stands in the distance, it has clocks on it.", "There is a clock on the top of a clock tower", "There is a tall clock tower called big ben.", "A large clock tower is shown against a foggy sky.", "A large gold clock tower is against the gray sky."]
["Big Ben in London showing the time of 2:25 in the afternoon", "Big Ben towering over the city of London under a cloudy sky.", "Big Ben in London on a gray, cloudy day", "A large clock with many lights towering high in the sky.", "A picture of the Big Ben clock tower on a cloudy day. "]
["A clock outside in front of some buildings.", "A clocktower saying it is 12 pm in the city.", "A tall clock near some buildings reads 12.", "Large clock in the middle of a large city.", "A clock on a busy street in a large city."]
["A photo of an old clock tower next to some buildings.", "A large tower that has a clock on it.", "an image of big ben and the large ferris wheel ", "A clock is shown at the top of a tower.", "A Ferris wheel is visible behind the building's clock tower."]
["a sign with a clock in it hang off a building ", "A clock is attached to the top of a building. ", "A clock on the side of a building that reads 12:10.", "A roman numeral clock attached to the outside of a building. ", "A large clock hanging off the side of a building."]
["there is a opening on the street of the building n the city ", "A very tall clock tower with a clock on the side of it.", "A clock tower sitting above an opening into another part of a town.", "Some people are standing in front of an old building", "A building with an under pass has a clock on the front of it"]
["A large brick tower with a clock on the two showing sides.", "a tower with some clocks inside of it ", "A tall tower structure with a clock on it.", "A large stone building with a clock on it", "A clock tower with a set windows and a weather indicator on top."]
["A view of the Union Station's awning and clock.", "a black and white clock on a brick building", "a large building with a clock built into the side and a canopy hanging over the front", "A tall red brick building building with a large clock on it's side.", "A sign that is on the front of a train station."]
["A metal advertisement sign with a red and white clock.", "A large lighted sign for the Public Market Center.", "A Public Market Center sign is held up next to a clock.", "There is a large sign with a clock, and it says Public Market Center.", "A bald man standing next to a sigh with a massive clock on it."]
["A very large brown brick clock tower with a large cross on top of it.", "Clock tower with spire on clear sunny day.", "A tower has a clock on it on a day with a blue sky.", "A large brick building stretches into the blue sky and has multiple clocks.", "a tall clock tower with a sky background"]
["A sidewalk lined with lush green foliage and homes.", "A clock is mounted to a home on the side of a street.", "The clock is set against the greenery of the bushes.", "A look down a brick sidewalk in a nice neighborhood.", "a clock hanging outside of a house in a nice neighborhood"]
["Two buildings with a plaza between that has a clock tower.", "A clock tower is displayed in a plaza.", "A group of people walking in a park between two red apartment buildings. ", "An open area of concrete with people walking around, surrounded by tall buildings.", "A clock atop a modern sculpture in the courtyard of a school"]
["This is an image of a clock tower with abstract architecture .", "A large clock sitting atop a cement block at an apartment complex", "A concrete block sculpture clock towers into the air.", "A clock sits on top of a square pole made of different sized bricks.", "A concrete pole that has a clock on the top of it."]
["A long post with a clock atop it with several torches blazing behind it", "A street light clock with torches lit around it.", "A clock in a busy city at night.", "A large clock stands on a post on a city street.", "A clock in the city landscape set at 6:40PM. "]
["A vase filled with flowers on top of a golden table.", "A vase full of colorful flowers sitting on a table.", "A large vase of flowers sits on a desk in an office building", "a bushel of flowers sits colorfully in a vase", "A floral arrangement in a vase on a gold tablecloth."]
["a black handled pair of scissors laying on something.", "A pair of scissors lies in the open position.", "A black handled scissors was sitting on a shiny cloth opened.", "The black and silver scissors are sitting open.", "The scissors with black handles are sitting open."]
["Someone is holding a pair of green handled scissors.", "A person is holding a pair of green scissors. ", "A person holding a pair of scissors up in the air.", "Someone holding a pair of green scissors upwards. ", "The person is holding a pair of green colored scissors."]
["Stuffed animals on the beach one with a bucket over its head.", "Stuffed animals are thrown all along a sandy area.", "several brown and white teddy bears scattered on a beach", "a whole bunch of bears on a sandy beach along with other miscellaneous items", "A picture of teddy bears on the beach."]
["A woman who is blow drying her hair.", "There is a woman who is blow drying her hair.", "a person in a towel using a hair dryer", "A woman is blow drying her hair in a bathroom.", "A woman in the bathroom blow drying her fizzy hair."]
["two children sitting at a table with plates of food", "Two young boys sitting at a dinner table. ", "A boy grabs something from a hand reaching across a table at a restaurant while another child looks at the camera.", "A couple of kids sitting around a table with plates of food.", "Two little boys sitting at a restaurant table with an adult. "]
["Two cups of ice cream sitting on a table in front of a woman with whipped cream and a cherry on top.", "The woman sits in front of two ice cream sundaes. ", "A lady sitting at a table with two sundaes in front of her.", "a woman sitting next to a table with desserts in front of her face", "a woman is sitting in front of some ice cream on a table"]
["People sitting at an outdoor restaurant having lunch", "Several diners eating at a riverside outdoor restaurant.", "Rows of people all dining next to a lake.", "People dinning at a restaurant outside next to office buildings.", "People eating at an outdoor restaurant next to water."]
["a bunch of food that is on a plate", "white seafood and french fries on a white plate", "Some roasted seafood is on a plate with french fries.", "A pretty plate filled with some tasty looking food.", "A plate of grilled shrimp an dries with a side of sauce on a plate."]
["Various people eating in a restaurant at a table.", "a bunch of people that are sitting at a table", "a number of people at a bar with drinks ", "A group of people gathered around a dining table.", "A group of women sitting around a large wooden table."]
["A table topped with white plates covered in food.", "A PICTURE OF BAR B QUE SITTING ON A TABLE ", "A table that has several plates and bowls filled with food.", "A table covered in barbecue ribs and dipping sauces.", "some food on a white plate on a table"]
["A large group of people eating at a table.", "A long red table with dishes on it seats many people in a room.", "Group of people sitting at a long table with dinnerware in front of them.", "A group of people sit at a table with a red tablecloth.", "A large group of people are sitting together at a red table. "]
["A beautiful blonde woman standing next to a man holding a glass of wine.", "Two people stand and hug and hold wine glasses.", "A man holding a glass of wine while posing with a woman.", "Sharing good times and drinks with friends and family.", "a couple and the male is holding a glass of wine"]
["A woman taking a sip of a beer by people with laptops.", "A woman drinking a beer while other people in the room are on their laptop.", "The woman drinks the wine while the man uses the computer.", "A women who is taking a drink of a beer.", "A woman drinking a beer while using her laptop "]
["A pretty young lady sitting in a room with computers.", "a person sitting down near other people on computers ", "A woman is sitting and smiling at the camera.", "A smiling woman is in a booth table in a large room.", "A woman sitting with another woman behind her with a computer. "]
["A kitchen area with oven, pots and various cabinets.", "An empty kitchen with three stacked pots. ", "A kitchen with many stoves, ovens, and cabinets.", "a kitchen area with professional stoves pots and cupboards", "A narrow industrial kitchen with pots stacked on the counter"]
["A cat on the kitchen counter sticking its nose in a cupboard.", "A cat standing on a kitchen counter looking into a cupboard.", "A cat climbing up the side of a kitchen cupboard.", " a black cat looking in a kithen cabinet", "A cat snooping into a kitchen cabinet with a woman looking."]
["A woman holding up measuring cups and a cat watching on the counter.", "A woman is in her kitchen with a black cat.", "She is explaining how she made the cat's treat.", "A young woman's cat watches her bake in the kitchen", "The woman holds a measuring cup beside a sitting cat."]
["A man lying down on a couch with a cat on top of him", "A white and black cat laying on blanket on top of man.", "A man laying asleep on a couch with a kitty cat.", "a person laying on a couch with a laying on him", "a man sleeping on couch with a blanket with a cat sleeping on top of him"]
["A group of people getting their surfboards and heading for the ocean.", "A number of surfers on a beach near the ocean.", "a beach that has a bunch of surfers on it", "Group of surfers with Cole for boards going into the water. ", "The beach is crowded with many excited surfers."]
["A man prepares food in a restaurant kitchen.", "A man preparing food in a kitchen on a counter.", "A chef is cooking some food on the grill", "The chef is preparing a dish with a long pan.", "a man wearing an apron standing in a kitchen "]
["Outside view of a cafe', and shot of old oven and fridge", "The kitchen is filled with retro pictures and appliances.", "Two photographs of a store front and vintage stove.", "A kitchen and a window are shown next to each other.", "A sign tells of tomato jam being served"]
["A sink and refrigerator in a small room.", "A quaint all white kitchen with many cabinets.", "a kitchen with pale tiled floors and white cabinetry.", "Kitchen with white cupboards and appliances and a tan checkerboard linoleum floor. ", "The washer and dryer are in the kitchen."]
["A white stove top oven sitting in a kitchen.", "A light on over an oven with pots on it.", "A picture of a stove top with a tea kettle and a pot on the burners.", "A stove with pan and teapot on top in the kitchen.", "A small kitchen area with a stove and a refridgerator."]
["A kitchen with a black automatic dishwasher next to a  doorway.", "A kitchen with white walls and tiled flooring. ", "A large pantry located at the far end of a kitchen. \n", "A corner of a kitchen with patio door ", "a kitchen with a dishwasher double door panty and a back door"]
["A woman standing in a kitchen with a dog.", "a person standing in a kitchen in front of a refrigerator", "Woman poses in front of fridge wearing glasses and with a dog", "A woman is posing for the camera in front of the fridge. ", "A woman is smiling next to a refrigerator in a kitchen."]
["A woman cooking food on a stove while a dog watches.", "a black and white picture of a woman in the kitchen with her dog ", "a man that has a dog standing next to him", "A person and a dog are standing in a cluttered kitchen.", "Man standing in kitchen with dog sitting beside him. "]
["A lady in bed with oxygen tube and a dog.", "A woman is laying in a bed with a small dog. ", "Lady using oxygen in bed with a little dog.", "A lady with an oxygen tube on laying in bed with a dog.", "A woman in bed with an oxygen tube and a dog."]
["A modest modern looking kitchen for an apartment", "There is an empty kitchen with green walls.", "A tight, rectangular kitchen space, with kiwi colored walls and a grey door, shows cabinet and counter spaces of pale wood, holding built in appliances, that borders a white tiled floor.", "A lime green kitchen with white tiled floor.", "A kitchen with a lime green pain job."]
["A kitchen filled with pots and pans under a microwave.", "A kitchen with tiles floor and a table", "Many packages of bread have been placed on the small kitchen counter.", "A kitchen has a small round dining table.", "Wooden cabinets and black appliances in a small kitchen area. "]
["A kitchen refrigerator with numerous pictures held up by magnets, next to counters and a dining table and chairs.", "A family kitchen with bright neon green walls.", "A home kitchen with lots of pictures and magnetic cards on the refrigerator.", "View of a kitchen and breakfast rooms. Lot of stuff on the refrigerator and dishes in the sink.", "A kitchen that is painted bright green and blue."]
["A kitchen that has a counter with a laptop on it.", "A small kitchen with upper and lower cabinetry.", "A kitchen area with counter holding a laptop and coffee cup.", "a desk with a cup sits next to a laptop ", "A white mug is sitting on a counter"]
["A kitchen filled with dishes and clutter and its sink under repair.", "a kitchen with a sinka stove and wooden floors", "A kitchen in the process of being remodeled  with new cabinets", "A kitchen with a cabinet separated from a sink.", "A kitchen is under construction with a washer being installed under the sink."]
["A white refrigerator freezer sitting inside of a kitchen.", "A kitchen is all white with gray counter tops.", "A white refrigerator and cabinets in a grey kitchen.", "A white refrigerator in a kitchen with white cabinets", "A clean kitchen contains a refrigerator and a marble counter top with an embedded sink.  "]
["A woman sitting at a table while holding a pair of scissors.", "A woman smiles and holds up a pair of scissors.", "A woman sitting at a table holding up a pair of scissors.", "A woman holds a pair of scissors at a table.", "A happy woman holding a pair of new scissors."]
["A woman sitting at a table inside of a kitchen.", "Two boys sitting at a table while eating.", "A couple of people sitting at a dining room table.", "A kitchen area has hard wood flooring a dining room table and chairs and dark wood cabinets.", "A person sitting in a dark room with a bright light coming in the window."]
["A messy kitchen with pots and pans laying around.", "a white stove in a kitchen and a blender and bowls ", "A dirty kitchen with pots, and knives and a stove.", "A kitchen cluttered with dishes and other things on top of a stove.", "A kitchen counter cultured with dishes and utensils. "]
["A clean sink is in the middle of the counter.  ", "A white sink with a white faucet over it in a kitchen.", "a sink which is well cleaned and brushes hanged besides", "A large sink and a smaller one with a dish drainer are seen.", "A white sink that has a faucet next to a dish holder."]
["This kitchen is cluttered, cabinet and drawers are not shut all the way, and there is paper taped to the floor.", "A modern kitchen with metallic features and white accents.", "The kitchen is cluttered and needs to be cleaned up.", "A kitchen has a free standing silver table.", "A kitchen area with a stove, sink and table."]
["A woman in pajamas using her laptop on the stove top in the kitchen", "A woman reading a laptop set on a stove.", "A woman looks at a computer that is sitting on a stove.", "A woman in her pajamas looking at her laptop on the kitchen stove.", "A young woman standing in front of a laptop computer on a stove."]
["A kitchen with oak cabinetry  and white appliances", "Kitchen cabinetry and counter top with a microwave", "A kitchen counter with cabinets and a rack in the middle.", "A very neat and tidy, fully stocked, kitchen.", "Kitchen with wooden cabinets and a white microwave. "]
["A country charm type of kitchen is equipped with greenery and nick nacks.", "A kitchen has brown cabinets and brown floor.", "A rustic kitchen with wooden drawers and cabinets.", "Home kitchen view with all wood cabinets and different kitchen utensils. ", "some brown kitchen cabinets in a kitchen and a coffee maker"]
["Someone riding a skateboard down a bunch of stairs", "A hipster riding a skateboard at the top of cement steps.", "a black and white photo with a person on a skateboard", "Person with skateboard at top of a set of stairs as if about to skate surrounded other sections of a concrete walk-way. ", "a person riding a skate board near a set of steps"]
["A kitchen that has various paintings on the walls and a large fish aquarium against the wall.", "A kitchen that is decorated in a musical theme.", "Old style kitchen with stove, sink, aquarium and refrigerator. ", "A very full kitchen includes an aquarium with fish.", "a kitchen with a fridge and cabinets inside of it "]
["The kitchen has two refrigerators and a stove in it.", "An image of a typical unoccupied kitchen, with date and time stamp", "The kitchen has a stove and a refrigerator.", "A home kitchen with a refrigerator and stove that is white.", "A kitchen with a refrigerator, stove, and an oven."]
["A metallic sink in a kitchen with a couple of dirty dishes.", "a steel sink has dishes submerged in dirty water", "Dirty dishes clutter both basins of the kitchen sink", "a dirty sink with dishes in and beside it ", "A pair of dirty bowls in a dual sink with a chop stick in one and fork in the other."]
["The view of a room with several different utensils displayed on shelves.", "A kitchen scene taken from a hallway looking at the table.", "The wall has a couple of shelves on it.", "A black and white photo of a room in a house.", "We are looking through a door at a will with shelves."]
["A delivery truck with an advertisement for Entourage.", "A large van features an ad for a television show.", "A truck with an ad for a television show painted on its side", "A large delivery truck with an advertisement painted on it's side.", "An entourage decorated van is parked on the side of the road.  "]
["a counter with cleaning supplies ice cube trays and racks from a fridge and a drawer missing", "a room showing a sink and some drawers", "A small kitchen with a blind over the window.", "The sunlight is coming through the blinds and on the sink.", "A kitchen with red cabinets and blinds on the window."]
["a number of statues of people in a kitchen", "A diorama of a bunch of people working in an old kitchen.", "A bunch of figures that appear to be making clay.", "Sculpted people at work in a dim pottery factory", "A diorama of workers working in an old kitchen."]
["A plate of pasta with sauce and bread on a table.", "Spaghetti and garlic bread are on a Styrofoam plate. ", "A white plate topped with spaghetti and garlic bread.", "Spaghetti with tomato sauce and ground cheese with garlic bread.", "A table with a plate full of speghetti and garlic bread."]
["this woman is getting juice from a fruit", "Someone is juicing an orange on a juicer.", "human hands juicing an orange on a counter top", "there is a person making freshly squeezed orange juice", "A woman juicing oranges on top of a manual juicer."]
["A man and woman are sitting at the table", "A man and woman sitting next to each other at a table.", "An elderly man seated at a bar next to a woman.", "A man and a woman sit at a table with a bottle of wine.", "There are two people sitting at the table."]
["A kitchen that has different types of pots, and pans on a stove.", "Pots and pans sitting on a stove in a building. ", "There are pans sitting on an old stove.", "An outdoor cooking area with a stover top that has various pots and pans on top.", "This is the back room of an out of business hair salon."]
["A full view of a kitchen with many things to use. ", "A metal refrigerator freezer sitting inside of a kitchen.", "kitchen with silver appliances sun shining in the room", "Microwave stationed above the oven next to the wide refrigerator ", "a kitchen with a refrigerator a sotve and sink"]
["a ath room with a toilet a bath tub and a sink", "A bathroom that is decorated in black, white, and red.", "A bathroom with a white toilet next to a white sink.", "A toilet, bathtub and sink packed into a small bathroom.", "The small bathroom has a shower, a toilet, and a sink in it."]
["A standup shower and toilet in a small bathroom.", "a toilet and a sink and a very skinny shower", "A contemporary bathroom featuring a stall shower with a glass door.", "A shower and a white toilet in a bathroom.", "A toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a walk in shower."]
["A man is using a urinal at a public restroom", "a man standing next to a urinal ", "A man standing at a urinal in a public bathroom.", "A man standing at a urinal in the bathroom.", "The man is using a urinal in the public restroom."]
["A bathroom with a sink, toilet, trashcan and tub.", "A bathroom with a bathtub, toilet and pink counter with a white bowl atop it", "There is a toilet, sink, tub and mirror in the bathroom.", "A white toilet sitting between a sink and a tub.", "The bathroom is clean and ready to use. "]
["A woman is taking a selfie in her bathroom mirror.", "a curly haired girl with glasses takes a selfie infront of the mirror", "A woman takes a selfie with her phone in the bathroom mirror.", "Woman in green and maroon shirt taking a picture of herself. ", "A person in front of a mirror with a cell phone."]
["A home with lots of wood darkly stained.", "The interior of a house with lots of wood detailing.", "A bathroom with dark wooden fixtures  and shelving", "A bathroom with wooden decoration with a toilet and bathtub. ", "The interior of an old fashioned bathroom with wood paneling."]
["A basket of flowers on the counter of a bathroom.", "A bowl of fresh flowers in a bathroom.", "Bathroom with fancy tiled walls and large mirror.", "A clean bathroom with a flower sitting on the counter.", "A kitchen bathroom mirror that is over a sink."]
["a bike leaning on a metal fence next to some flowing water. ", "A bicycle parked next to a flooded river", "A bicycle chained to a rail near a flooded area.", "A bicycle leans against a fence near some flood waters.", "A bicycle parked on a rail next to some flooding water."]
["A pizza sitting on top of a table with olives, sausage and cheese.", "A pizza with multiple toppings on it, including olives", "The personal pizza is topped with black olives and anchovies.", "A pizza is cheesy with sliced black olives.", "Pizza with black anchovies sitting on top of it. "]
["A very clean sink that is in the bathroom.", "A bathroom sink with soap lotion and hand towel", "A bathroom scene with focus on the bathroom sink.", "A bathroom counter with toiletries and natural decor. ", "a light brown bathroom with a white sink and mirror"]
["A sink is under a mirror with bottles of soap and lotion.", "A white sink sitting on top of a wooden counter in a bathroom.", "A bathroom sink with a towel rack, soap bottle and an air freshener sitting next to it.", "a sink with soap a towel rack and a towel", "A sink with soap and lotion for use."]
["A bathroom with a shower next to a large mirror.", "a bathroom with a black shower curtain and  a tiger towel", "A tiger towel is showing through a mirror near a sink.", "There is a picture of a tiger on the wall of the bathroom.", "A bathroom has a black shower curtain and mirror."]
["A bathroom with a shower covered in a curtain next to a toilet.", "A country white bathroom takes on an entirely new fashion.", "A bathroom with a large square mirror over the sink and a brown shower curtain with circle designs.", "A shower curtain is covering the tub in front of the sink.  ", "Bathroom with a black and white shower curtain"]
["Black and white photo of posters and bikes on a brick wall.", "Movie posters hanging on a brick wall outside.", "a wall of concert posters in an alley way.", "Bicycles parked along a building with framed file posters.", "there is a black and white photo of posters on the side of a building"]
["A woman standing in front of a mirror taking a selfie.", "A woman standing in a bathroom taking a picture of herself in the mirror.", "A woman holding a camera in front of a mirror.", "A woman takes a picture of herself in a restroom.", "A woman in green jacket taking photograph in a mirror."]
["a toilet sits next to a bath tub as a bunch of tiles sit piled up ", "The bathroom is being remodeled today and it's a mess. ", "A bathroom in the process of demolition. ", "A demolished bathroom with busted up fixtures under a window.", "A demolished bathroom with a sink, toilet and tub."]
["The reflection of a woman carrying a bag over each shoulder in a mirror.", "A woman posing for a photo in a full length mirror", "A woman standing with a bag in a mirror.", "A women standing in the bathroom looking in the mirror .", "A lady holding a bag standing before a large mirror."]
["a white toilet an cabinet in a bathroom", "A bathroom including a vanity, tub and toilet with a cabinet over it.", "A bathroom that has a toilet, cabinets, and shower.", "a neatly arranged bathroom with shower, tub, toilet, and sink", "A white toilet in a bathroom sitting next to a sink."]
["A small sink inside of a very clean and white bathroom. ", "a bathroom with a sink and mirror in front of it ", "A sink and mirror sit in the corner of an empty bathroom. ", "Bathroom with white square sink and mirror hanging above it.", "Stark white bathroom with a mirror,lights, and sink"]
["A toilet sitting next to a white sink under a mirror.", "A white sink and toilet in a room.", "A small bathroom has antique faucet knobs on the sink below a mirror.", "a bathroom with a large white sink in it", "picture of a sink with a mirror and a toilet"]
["The bathroom is in the middle of a renovation project.", "A bathroom with bathtub, sink, and toilet in it.", "Clean bathroom in house that is under construction", "a small bathroom with unfinished wood walls ", "A bathroom that is being remolded, the studs are showing."]
["A woman putting on a lipstick holding a sharp knife.", "A woman is sitting on a tub putting on lipstick.", "A girl sits on the edge of a tiled bathtub and holds lipstick to her lips.", "A woman putting on lipstick while looking at her reflection on a knife.", "A woman putting on lipstick while looking at her reflection in a knife.", "A woman putting on lipstick using the knife as a mirror."]
["A pregnant women takes a selfie wearing a black tank top.", "A pregnant woman taking a selfie in a bathroom mirror.", "A woman is taking a photograph in the mirror", "A pregnant girl taking a photograph of her belly in the bathroom mirror. ", "A pregnant women taking a picture of herself in the mirror."]
["A city bus is shown with a bike in front.", "A street view,  left, shows a curb  with a yellow fire hydrant and a big bus, holding a bicycle in front, and to the right, an island with cars moving on either side, and far off street signs, a crosswalk with pedestrians, and buildings. ", "A bicycle is attached to the front of this bus.", "a city bus drives down a street ", "A bus that has a bike on the front of it."]
["very small bath with stand-up shower, commode and sink", "a bathroom with a corner shower a white toilet and a black sink", "A white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a shower and a sink.", "A shot of a bathroom with a dark pained sink and closed toilet. ", "That looks like the compact bathroom of a hotel room."]
["A large mirror above a sink in a bathroom.", "A view of a bathroom that looks very elegant.", "A bathroom with vanity, toilet and tub is decorated in beiges and browns.", "A bathroom showing sink, toilet, and shower ", "A shower that has a bar in it."]
["A girl is dancing in the bathroom to music on her lap top. ", "A woman that is standing in front of  a laptop.", "A young woman is dancing in front of a laptop on a desk.", "A woman dances to the music playing on her computer", "A young female is dancing in her bathroom."]
["The woman is taking a picture in the bathroom mirror. ", "A picture of a woman in a mirror. ", "A woman's midsection reflected in a round mirror.", "A circular mirror reflecting a woman's stomach in turquoise shirt.", "A selfie taken of a person from the neck down. "]
["A cop car parked in front of a white fire hydrant.", "A police car parked next to an old fire hydrant.", "POLICE CAR STOPPED IN FRONT OF A FIRE HYDRANT", "A Berkeley Police car parked in front of a fire hydrant", "A police car sitting in front of a fire hydrant."]
["A sign for Davidson College outside of one of its buildings", "The college sign is posted near many parked cars. ", "A black and white photo with a Davidson College sign by a street.", "A sign describing a history of a college is displayed.", "A sign for Davidson college on the side of the street."]
["An old Mustang sits parked next to a parking meter with a sign on it.", "A red car sits parked by a parking meter.", "A red car parked on the street in front of a parking meter.", "A RED CAR PARKED IN FRONT OF A SHOP IN THE STREET.", "A red car siting by a parking metter."]
["A bathroom with tile and a shower is shown.", "A very small and old styled rest room with tile walls.", "A bath tub sitting next to a window.", "A home bathroom with matcihng tile and tub", "The fresh tiling around a bath tub in a bathroom"]
["A bathroom with white painted walls and white fixtures, including a toilet with the seat raised up.", "A white toilet that has its lid up.", "A bathroom with white walls; a toilet with seat up and a sink and a cupboard is on the wall.", "a toilet sits in a bathroom next to a sink ", "A plain white bathroom with a sink and toilet."]
["A white car parked in a parking space.", "a white bmw in a parking lot in day", "A small white car parked in a parking lot.", "A Volkswagen sedan lies still in a parking space", "A white VW car with a California license plate and a black bird on top of the car."]
["A couple of cats sleeping on a car hood.", "two kittens lay side by side on a car hood", "Two cats are curled up on the hood of a car.", "Two dark, stripped cats sit on the hood of a silver car.", "two cats curled up on top of a car hood"]
["A blue car driving down a street past parked cars.", "A man driving a car is passing a horse and cart.", "A horse and cart by the side of a heavily trafficked road.", "Old automobiles with horse in same street in asphalt", "Two cars driving down a street with a horse and wagon parked along the curb."]
["A bus driving down a street in a small city.", "A bus driving up a road on a rainy day.", "A car in Europe driving behind a van of some sort.", "A bus drives off on a rainy day.", "Vehicles driving and parked on a street in the rain."]
["an image of a public bathroom scene with colorful decor", "a toilet that looks like it was recently flushed", "A toilet that was converted into a fountain.", "A toilet with a faucet mounted on the seat sits in a multicolored tile bathroom.", "a close up of a toilet with a knob on the toilet lid"]
["A parking lot outside of an extremely large building.", "A cherry picker with its arm extended up in front of a colorful building in a parking lot.", "A glass building at night with cars parked in front of it.", "An evening shot outside some sort of arena with many parked vehicles. ", "A cat is riding in a lift bucket while parked in a parking lot."]
["Toilet wedged between two trash cans in drive", "a toilet in between two trash cans ", "A white toilet sitting next to three trash cans.", "Three large trashcans and a toilet are positioned outside.", "A view of a bunch of trash with a toilet next to it."]
["A man in  library looking at his laptop.", "This painting shows a perplexed fellow staring at a laptop computer.", "An artist's rendering of an artist sitting before a laptop computer.", "The painting is of a man studying on his computer.", "A painting of a man sitting at a computer in his library."]
["A metal sink and a row of white urinals", "the men's restroom with white urinals and a blue wall", "A bathroom with multiple urinals and mirrors.  ", "A bathroom with several urinals separated by privacy dividers with a central muti-use sink.", "a mens bathroom with a bunch of urinals and large sink in the center\n"]
["A white toilet sitting inside of a bath tub.", "a toilet placed in a bathtub for repairs", "TOILET WITH LID OFF SITTING IN A BATH TUB ON A SHEET", "A picture of a toilet that is in a bathroom tub.", "A toilet set inside of a bath tub."]
["An old-fashioned green station wagon is parked on a shady driveway.", "An old teal colored car parked on the street.", "A classic car sitting beside the road with a surfboard on top. ", "An old green car parked on the side of the street.", "An antique, turquoise car is parked at the curb"]
["A toilet is shown in a bare room.", "A ugly bathroom with a section of the wall missing. ", "A toilet in a stripped bathroom with studs, bricks and plaster showing", "A bathroom with no walls and a toilet bowl", "A white toilet next to some torn out walls."]
["A room filled with a row of brown toilets", "a bunch of urinals standing side by side on tiled floor", "A very long row of very dirty rusty looking toilets.", "A long row of metal toilets in a public restroom.", "A row of toilets sitting in a bathroom."]
["Artistic photograph of architecture and frost-laden trees at dawn", "Pointy steeples and a widow's walk rise up to the sky.", "A tower is on a building behind an icy tree.", "A building with multiple steeples and a pine tree.", "A tall white fortress surrounded by tall trees."]
["a bath room with a toilet a stool and handle bars", "a small toilet in a bathroom in a portable vehicle", "A toilet inside of a train with lots of hoses sticking out of it.", "An inside of a bathroom inside an enclosed space", "There is a toilet in a small bathroom."]
["a row of parked bicycles and motor cycles", "A group of motorcycles and bicycles parked on the side of a road.", "Several motorcycles and bicycles parked in a parking area.", "Both bicycles and motorcycles park at this spot.", "A group of parked motor bikes sitting next to white railing."]
["A white toilet sitting inside of a bathroom.", "A toilet in a dirty bathroom in an abandoned building", "a toilet with a brown toilet seat pipes and wooden box", "A broken toilet sitting in a dirty room.", "An old very dirty toilet with concrete floor and weeds growing through the wall."]
["A woman playing  with a toilet seat and putting a normal chair over it.", "a man attaches a screen on a toilet seat ", "A man showing a commode with another chair over it.", "A white potty chair is placed on a white toilet. ", "A man holds many layers of a toilet seat in a tiled bathroom."]
["A motorcycle sits in the parking spot in the parking lot.", "a white motor cycle parked in s store lot", "A motorcycle in a parking lot on a clear day", "A motorcycle parked in a shopping mall parking lot.", "A motor cycle parked in a commercial parking lot"]
["A row of wall mounted urinals under aquariums.", "A bathroom showing urinals and an aquarium above them ", "Some odd lights above some urinals in a bathroom", "A group of urinals next to a large aquarium. ", "The restroom is clean and ready for guests to use. "]
["A white toilet and sink in a room.", "A picture of a sink, a toilet, and part of a bathtub.", "A bathroom is shown with a sink and a toilet.", "A very clean black and white bathroom that is in someone's home. ", "This bathroom consists of a sink, a toilet, bathtub, and large tiles on the floor."]
["A bathroom with a tub, toilet and sink.", "The view of a bathtub, a toilet, and part of a sink.", "a bathroom with granite tile in the shower ", "A toilet, sink and bathtub surrounded by dark brown and blue ceramic tile", "This is a bathroom with a tub and a sink."]
["The cake has two motorcycles on the icing. ", "A birthday cake with two motorcycles on a frosting road", "The birthday cake has a road with motorcylces in the design.", "Hands putting motorcycle models onto a birthday cake.", "Yellow green and white cake with ornaments sitting in a box. "]
["there is a man fixing something under a sink", "Someone is fixing the something under the bathroom sink.", "A person on there back looking under the bathroom sink .", "A person is lying on the floor working on the sink", "A person is under the sink in a bathroom."]
["a white toilet with a cat on top of it", "Resting on top of a toilet near the shower", "A cat sitting on top of a toilet.", "A cat that is laying on a toilet.", "Inside of a bathroom with a cat resting on the toilet."]
["A bathroom stall that is made of wood.", "A small bathroom with the seat up on the toliet. ", "A toilet sitting inside of a wooden shelter.", "A white toilet sitting next to a toilet paper roller.", "A toilet with the seat up in a run down paneled bathroom."]
["A subway train with it's loading doors wide open.", "A open entrance leading to a set of closed doors.", "A door is open on a white subway train", "a door way to a white train on the subway.", "a train stopped at a port with its doors open"]
["A painting of green apples next to a bunch of bananas.", "a painting on fruits in a bowl ", "a painting of green apples and yellow bananas", "A painting of green apples and bananas ", "a painting of a couple of green apples"]
["A motorcycle is parked amongst the cars at a store.", "A motorcycle and several cars in a parking lot.", "A motorcycle is parked in a lot by a store.", "A motorcycle parked in a space at a grocery store.", "A parking lot with cars and motorcycles at walmart. "]
["People are looking at a decorative cake with long candles.", "People standing around a cake with candles in it.", "A close up of candles on a cake with onlookers in the background.", "people standing next to a table with a cake ", "A woman standing near a cake with candles."]
["A man serving a small chocolate cake on a white table.", "A man in blue shirt touching a cake with a utensil.", "A person is leaning over a piece of cake", "Three person around a table where cake and bottles are kept.", "A man standing over a small chocolate cake."]
["A man riding a vintage motorcycle down a street.", "A man that is sitting on a motorcycle.", "A man with a beard and glasses rides a motorcycle.", "A person with glasses on the bike in front of a house.", "A man is riding down a street on a motorcycle."]
["The people on the motorcycles are racing on the track", "Motorcycle racers making a turn in old photograph.", "People are watching motorcycles race around a track. ", "Two men riding motorcycles down a curvy road.", "a group of biker turning into a curb"]
["Two computers sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "A person is sitting in front of a computer", "a person on a desk with a large stack of something", "A hand that is sitting next to a stack of objects.", "A computer station with a very tall stake of french fry cartons"]
["A chair that is placed in an alley way. ", "a narrow alley way with a chair by the side ", "A narrow alley has a chair in it.", "a alley in italy with ceramic tile and building with plants ", "a wood chair is in a alley way"]
["A blue plate of food on a table.", "A piece of silverware sitting in food on a plate.", "A dish of food with grains and vegetables.", "A blue plate topped with rice and stew.", "A blue plate with rice topped with vegetables."]
["A group of people sitting around a table under an umbrella.", "Six men sitting at an outdoor table of a restaurant near a shoreline.", "Diners at an outdoor patio table at a restaurant beside a city street.", "A group of people sitting around a table eating underneath an umbrella.", "A group of people sitting at a table on a nice day. "]
["THERE ARE TWO PEOPLE THAT ARE STANDING TOGETHER ", "A couple of men hanging out sitting outside", "Two men sitting together point at something in the distance. ", "Two men at a cafe looking at something.", "Two men standing next to each other outside"]
["A woman standing next to two parked motorcycles and a child.", "a male in an orange shirt and a small child and some police motorcycles", "A little boy and his father looking at a police motorcycle. ", "A little boy is looking over a police motorcycle.", "A man and a boy are looking at a set of police motorcycles."]
["The cat is peeking out from inside the purse.", "A small cat peaking out of a black purse.", "A cat sitting in a bag poking its head out.", "A cat is hiding inside a purse. ", "A cat sitting inside of a black bag next to a wall."]
["A grey and white cat outside looking into a window.", "an image of a cat looking into a window", "A black and white car peeping through a glass window", "A black and white cat waiting outside the window.", "a cat sitting outside a window looking in "]
["A large cat climbing up the side of a window.", "A cat is clinging to the handle on an outside door.", "A cat perched on the handle of a glass door.", "A gray cat climbing a white door with glass panels.", "A cat climbing up the wall between two windows."]
["A person is working on a motorcycle in a garage.", "A man works on a moped in an auto shop.", "A red motorcycle parked on top of a ramp", "A man repairs a motorcycle inside of Honda Motorcycle Shop.", "A man working on a motorcycle on an elevated platform"]
["A man driving a motorcycle down a street with a  woman on back of it.", "A man and a lady riding a motorcycle in the street.", "Two people are riding a motorcycle with a flag attached to the back.", "a couple is riding on a blue motorcycle with a flag", "A couple of people on a motor bike on a street."]
["Passengers getting on and off of a tram at the station. ", "A photograph of a man walking out of the train.", "people exiting a train and people entering a train", "People getting off and boarding the train .", "People are entering and exiting a train at a station."]
["A living area with a television, CD rack and various posters.", "an image of a woman on tv in the living room", "Television monitor in room with many items displayed.", "A heavily decorated room includes a grandfather clock and a TV.", "A room with various pictures on the walls, a cd tower and a tv in a cabinet."]
["A dog is staring at a picture on a flat screen tv.", "Large dog looking at television show in living room.", "A black dog sitting in front of a TV.", "A dog stands close to a television looking at it.", "A dog sits in front of and watches the television."]
["Two large passenger jets flying over a beach filled with birds.", "A plane is flying over a bird filed lake", "Two airplanes are in the sky over blue water.", "An airplane landing over an airplane on the ground.", "A photo of two plans with water and birds surrounding it , one plane in the air one one the ground."]
["a jet airliner wing that has two jet engines", "A view of wing with two jet engines are on a runway while people watch.", "Two turbines on the wing of an airplane", "this plane has two large fans on its wings", "a jet engine on the wing of a plane"]
["an airplane on a beach with a lot of people looking up at it", "A group of people on the beach are watching an airplane take off.", "people on a beach cheer as a plane flies overhead", "A group of people standing on the beach watching a low flyinf plane go overhead.", "a group of people on a plane watching an airplane fly overhead on a beach"]
["An Aer Lingus plane touches down on an airport runway.", "Passenger airliner at the end of a runway waiting to take off.", "A large green and white airplane on a road.", "the jet getting ready for take off on the landing", "A airplane that is sitting on a runway."]
["Many planes are parked on a plane run way", "Airplanes at the airports, with baggage cars driving around.", "Three planes parked in runway terminal at airport. ", "Planes and baggage cars at a busy airport", "A lot of planes sit on the concrete."]
["A bunch of sheep smile are they walk by.", "This is a picture of a zoo outdoor. \n", "A herd of sheep walking across a dirt road.", "Several sheep stand in a dirt path in a grassy area.", "Several sheep stand in the middle of a dirt path."]
["An army jeep with an American Flag sitting at an airport.", "A green jeep with a flag on  a pole", "A truck and a small airplane next to a flag.", "A military style jeep in front of a US flag and vintage plane.", "a green army truck parked in seclusion by the american flag."]
["a small toy plane flying over a street ", "A flying object is in the background of the scene", "An old jet fighter serves as a monument in the center of a traffic circle.", "A view of a plane that appears to be a statue.", "A airplane that is sitting in the grass."]
["An overview of land and snow capped mountains.", "a plane flies in the air over a mountain area ", "a close up of an air plane engine in the sky", "Snowy mountains are visible from an airplane in the sky.", "Engine of airplane in foreground with shot of vast beautiful landscape below."]
["A Delta aircraft is parked at a terminal while maintenance men attend to it.", "A close up of a Delta airplane at a terminal.", "There is a Delta plane sitting at the terminal.", "Two people near an airplane at an airport.", "An airplane at the terminal of an airport."]
["A large giraffe is roaming in an outdoor area.", "A giraffe walking through- the brush on a sunny day", "A giraffe standing in the grass in the woods. ", "A large giraffe standing by some thick bushes.", "A tall giraffe standing around in a wooded area"]
["A black and white image of a lady on her cell phone while sitting down. ", "A woman texting on a cell phone while waiting.", "A woman sitting on a bench checking he cellphone. ", "A woman is looking at a smartphone on a bench.", "The lone woman is waiting for the next available bus."]
["A row of park benches on the side of a green grassy hill. ", "A train traveling on a track through a nature park.", "A picturesque park with benches and big trees.", "There is a train traveling through a wooded area in the country.", "Several park benches lined up under a row of trees."]
["A city filled with lots of tall white buildings.", "Cars, people, buildings and street lamps on a city street.", "There is traffic on a busy city street. ", "view of tall city buildings with cars and people walking by", "People are walking and cars are driving in a city."]
["Two giraffes stand in sand inside an enclosure. ", "Two giraffes and a zebra in an enclosed space with onlookers", "Two giraffes standing in a field of dirt.", "Giraffes standing on bare ground in zoo enclosure.", "The giraffes are heading for another part of the compound."]
["Two giraffe standing next to each other on a dirt field.", "two Giraffe at a watering hole with another animal in the distance. ", "A couple of giraffe standing by some water.", "Two giraffes in their natural habitat near a body of water.", "Two giraffe are standing near a drinking hole on a savannah. "]
["A picture of a plane that is in the air.", "We are looking at the underside of a large plane.", "Red, white and blue plane in the sky.", "The under carriage of a jet plane on take off or landing.", "An airplane flying in the air with a cloudless sky."]
["It's wondrous how that big airplane manages to stay up in the sky.", "An Air Canada plane making a left turn in the sky.", "a plane on the air  flying very high", "a plane flying through the air during a sunny day", "A large, twin engine airliner is slightly tilted to one side in the air."]
["A woman in orange sari on a park bench.", "A woman sitting on a wooden bench outside.", "a close up of a person sitting on a bench outdoors", "A woman sitting on a bench wearing an orange dress.", "A woman in orange is sitting on a bench."]
["A lady sitting on a bench in a very open field.", "older woman sitting and waiting on a park bench", "The lady is sitting on the bench holding her handbag.", "An old woman sitting at a bench with her purse.", "a lady sitting on a park bench in a park"]
["A group of people standing on top of a sandy beach.", "The people watch the airplane fly over the water.", "A group of people standing on a beach watching a plane fly overhead.", "A biplane flying above people standing on a beach.", "People standing on a beach looking at an airplane."]
["An airplane flying over a man standing in the ocean.", "A airplane flying over a person walking into body of water with a boat in it.  ", "Guy standing in the ocean while a low flying plane is overhead ", "An airplane flying over the water where someone is swimming.", "The airplane is flying low over the water."]
["A long empty road way surrounded by wild plants.", "A road leading to a bridge with a stop light.", "A road with a red light indicating whether to cross a bridge or not.", "Look down the road with a red light.", "A street light next to a long asphalt road."]
["This green dufell bag sits next to a brown seat", "A seat with a bag off to the side of it", "A bag being used on a bench as a pillow.", "A long piece of luggage sitting on a luggage cart.", "A brown cushioned bench with a bag on an end table."]
["a woman sitting on a wooden park bench smiling at the camera", "A woman sitting on top of a wooden bench.", "A woman is sitting on a bench in the park. ", "A woman sits on a park bench on a sunny day.", "A woman that is sitting on a bench."]
["A giraffe and a zebra are on the grass near trees & cars. ", "A giraffe standing in a lush green field next to trees.", "Giraffe and a zebra strolling through the grass as cars go by on the path", "A giraffe and zebra in grassy area next to cars.", "Giraffe and zebra in a grass and tree area of animal park, with parked cars."]
["An airplane getting ready to take off at the airport", "The airport is busy with the various planes and vehicles.", "A jumbo jet plane with a machine pulling it through the yard.", "An airplane being checked by airplane mechanics in an airport.", "A airplane sits on a run way at a busy airport."]
["A tall giraffe in a green grassy field.", "A giraffe in a grassy area with trees in the background.", "There is a giraffe standing in some tall green grass", "A giraffe on a grassy field during the day.", "A tall giraffe walking through a lush green field."]
["A couple of giraffe walking across a street.", "the giraffe's are walking down the roads as cars pass ", "Two giraffes stand on a street with a bunch of parked cars.", "Two giraffes are roaming around a parking lot", "Two giraffes are standing next to a small road."]
["A couple of giraffe standing next to a tree.", "Two giraffes standing together looking at some cars pass by.", "a couple of giraffes walk by a tree and some cars ", "Cars driving past giraffes standing under a tree.", "An adult and child giraffe standing next to a street of traffic."]
["A herd of zebra standing around a tall wooden tree.", "three giraffes standing at a tree looking at it ", "Six giraffes are divided by a tall tree in a fenced in area.", "Three giraffes standing in next to a tree with three more giraffe's in the background", "Three giraffe gather at a tree as others walk away."]
["A cat lying next to someone sitting on a bench.", "A cat lies next to a person on an outdoor bench.", "A cat sitting next to a person on a bench. ", "A grey cat is sitting on a bench", "A cat lying on a park bench,wedged between the arm of the bench and a person."]
["THERE IS A CAT THAT IS SITTING ON THE PORCH ", "A striped cat rests on a patio deck. ", "A cat laying on top of a deck near a fence.", "a cat laying down on a bench and in the shade ", "A striped cat laying on a wooden bench"]
["A giraffe with its teeth on a fence.", "A giraffe licking a board on a  fence.", "A giraffe head, opening its mouth to bit at a wooden fence.", "A giraffe holds its mouth open over a piece of wood. ", "a giraffes head is near a wood fence"]
["an image of a street sign on the street", "Green traffic light by a road with light traffic.", "There is a small traffic light on the street and the light is green", "A green traffic signal with traffic passing by it.", "A green light on a traffic light at the side of a road."]
["The rear view mirror of a cityh bus driving down a street.", "a close up of side view mirrors on a public transportation bus", "Two rear view mirrors with the vehicle reflected in them.", "The view of a bus as seen from the side view mirror.", "A mirror that is reflecting a red bus."]
["A empty street with a crosswalk at night.", "A crosswalk with three lights on a street with all the streetlights on. ", "A dark street is lit with numerous street lamps, and from a black metal pole hangs a traffic light that has all three colors lit.", "An intersection of a street is lit up by many lights at night. ", "An empty street intersection during the night time."]
["A city street with no traffic line with traffic lights.", "An intersection with traffic lights, no traffic and cones in the street. ", "A street where every light is green. ", "An intersection of a street outside a small village with no traffic.", "An empty street is shown with a stop light that is green."]
["A street that goes on to a high way with the light on red.", "a road at night illuminated with car head lights and street lights", "A traffic light over a street with all red lights.", "A long highway with a wide stop light at sunrise.", "At dusk a highway with stop lights and street signs."]
["An unusual looking red bus going down a road.", "a bus driving down the street next to some buildings and trees", "A red tram carrying a group of people on a tour.", "A red double decker vehicle driving down a street.", "a big red bus that is driving down the road"]
["An empty intersection with two red lights glowing", "Traffic lights on a bend of a road ", "A traffic light sitting on the side of a road.", "A traffic signal at an intersection on a city street.", "The traffic lights on the street are red."]
["A giraffe stands among some trees and looks toward the camera.", "A large adult giraffe standing in tall grass near trees.", "A giraffe standing in tall grass near trees on a sunny day. ", "A giraffe staring at the camera in some dry brush.", "A giraffe standing in a field out in the wild."]
["Lilies in a vase are set at the foot of a white canopy bed.", "A designer model bed with a curtain on top of it.", "A bed covered in white linen in a bedroom with a dresser.", "A room with a white bed with a white canopy.", "An elegant style bed with white drapes hung from the top."]
["a sheep with two of her baby lambs in the pasture", "Misty photo of lambs and a sheep in a green field", "Three sheep are sitting on the green grass.", "Two small sheep laying down next to a larger sheep. ", "A herd of sheep sitting and standing next to each other."]
["three giraffes some brown and green grass some bushes and trees", "Two giraffe waling in the dry grass under trees.", "Three giraffes walking through the high grass of the savannah.", "A giraffe standing on top o a lush grass covered field.", "Three giraffes grazing in a field with several trees."]
["A white gazebo surrounded by landscaping and trees.", "A gazebo in the middle of a flower garden.", "A small gazebo  surrounded by a garden of flowers", "A small blue and white gazebo sitting underneath a lush green tree.", "Trees, bushes, and a white shelter outside in the middle of the bushes"]
["A red traffic light at a street side.", "A few traffic lights on the pole, all read red. ", "A red stoplight in front of a building.", "a storefront by a light pole on the street in Europe", "a traffic light a sidewalk and some different buildings"]
["A stop light with green arrows on Woodbine Ave. ", "A traffic light with green arrows under a street light.", "An intersection focused on the pole with stop lights.", "A street traffic light with green arrows pointing.", "Two traffic lights with green arrows on Woodbine Ave."]
["A bus that has been burned is sitting in pieces on the street.", "A destroyed bus blown up on the side of a street.", "The old burned out bus is calling apart from destruction.", "An old destroyed bus at the side of a road.", "a totally burnt out passenger bus sitting abandon "]
["A red traffic light with a red stop sign posted underneath it.", "A stop sign with white stickers all over it.", "A stop light and stop sign direct drivers in traffic.", "Stop light in a busy city center with a STOP sign below. ", "A stop sign on the corner of the street"]
["A tall sign sitting next to a traffic light at night.", "A picture of a city at night with no people a traffic light and assorted fences and poles.", "A street area with traffic lights and barriers at night.", "outside an arena with several barriers and directional signs.", "Traffic light on \"red\" surrounded by barricade gates."]
["A row of wooden benches sitting next to a lake.", "A line of benches is overlooking a body of water.", "A row of wooden benches line the side of a lake.", "A row of wooden benches overlooking the ocean.", "Several wooden benches near water and a lighthouse."]
["a giraffe standing on a dirt road near a field..", "a girrafe walking down a road next to the grass", "A giraffe standing on a path looking over a field.", "A giraffe that is standing on a dirt road.", "A giraffe walking a dirt trail next to a dry field."]
["A boy sits on a rock in a hat as he holds a trumpet near an old barn and some farm animals.", "A little boy has a bugle next to an old barn.", "A boy with a trumpet sitting on some rocks near a bull and sheep.", "A boy sitting down holding a trumpet .", "A young boy with a trumpet near some animals in front of a mountain."]
["A sheep stands alert with it's face to the camera while it's offspring, head hidden by the sheep's wool, drinks it's mother's milk. ", "A dog crawls under a sheep's shaggy wool.", "The lamb is nursing on the mother sheep.", "The baby sheep is under the bigger sheep.", "A PICTURE OF A BABY SHEEP NURSING ON ITS MOM"]
["A yellow school bus parked  near a tree.", "A school bus that is driving down the street.", "There is a bus parked next to a tree.", "there are two yellow empty school buses ", "a big long school bus that is parked by a tree"]
["There is a giraffe facing a brick wall.", "a close up of a giraffe near a brick building", "Giraffes hanging out at their house at the zoo", "THERE IS AN ADULT GIRAFFE ON THE SIDE OF A BUILDING ", "A giraffe stands staring at a brick wall."]
["A giraffe standing next to a brick building.", "A giraffe standing in an enclosure at a zoo.", "A giraffe standing by a brick building with a ladder.", "A giraffe stands hunched over by a large brick building.", "A giraffe stands in front of a ladder attached to a building"]
["A woman holding a baby by the zoo, showing a picture of a giraffe, with real giraffe's behind the picture.", "A mother holds her baby outside of a giraffe exhibit.", "A woman holding a baby next to a giraffe sign. ", "a woman stands with a tiny infant in her arms in front of a pen holding giraffes", "Outside, a woman from front looking down at and holding an infant with both arms and hands, while standing in front of low fence with sign with picture of giraffe, and on other side of fence are bushes, trees, and giraffes."]
["A group of people walking down a sidewalk near a bus.", "City scene with parked buses and people walking on the sidewalk.", "This is a normally busy bus depot in the city", "a public transit bus driving on a city street", "People walking around in the streets near a city. "]
["A green bus parked in a parking lot next to others buses.", "A group of people waiting outside of a bus.", "A small group of people are standing by a green Higer bus. ", "A green bus with a red and white bus next to it and people waiting to board.", "A green city bus loading up it's passengers."]
["A school bus and pedestrians crossing a bridge in a city.", "The bus is picking up the kids for school.", "A school bus crossing over a bridge in a city.", "A yellow school bus driving over a red bridge", "The school bus is going over the bridge with the rest of the traffic. "]
["A white and brown bench sitting on a sidewalk.", "A two toned bench sitting in front of grass and bushes. ", "A bench that is placed by some bushes.", "there is a white and gray bench on the rocky road", "The bench next to the building has wooden planks and a metal frame. "]
["A yellow fire  hydrant sitting on the side of a road.", "A yellow fire hydrant that is in the grass.", "a yellow fire hydrant and a person in a brown jacket ", "A yellow fire hydrant sitting in a parking lot.", "A yellow fire hydrant next to a red painted curb and someone walking in the background."]
["A woman walks past street posters and graffiti. ", "A woman walks past a boarded up building decorated with black and white graphic art.", "A woman walking down a sidewalk in front of graffiti.", "A mural on a city wall with a women walking down the sidewalk. ", "a woman walking down a dusty street in front of a mural"]
["A park bench that is sitting in the grass.", "A bench sitting on top of a hillside.", "Park bench facing a range of mountains on hill. ", "A view of the mountains from a bench on a hill. ", "a wooden bench sits on top of a grass hill "]
["A yellow and white bus driving down a street.", "An intersection with a bus, motorcycle, and person on a bike with a man waiting to cross.", "a big bus that has some people next to it", "A bus approaching an intersection with bicyclists and cars while a man stands at the corner. ", "Large buses that are parked on the road nearby a motorcycle and bicycle."]
["A bench with a bunch of stuffed animals and other items on it", "a bench that has a bunch of teddy bears and flowers on it", "Teddy bears and flowers are in the memorial.", "A bench with memorial bears and flowers on it.", "Gifts are left on a bench along with flags and letters."]
["People are running through the water spraying from a fire hydrant.", "marathon runners running through a water sprayer  to cool off", "A group of people running and being sprayed by a fire hydrant.", "A group of people playing in front of an open fire hydrant.", "Fire hydrants along the marathon route keep the runners cooled down."]
["The benches are empty in the nighttime sky.", "A view of a sidewalk in a city at night.", "a few park benches along the side walk", "A city view of a park with benches ", "Two benches near the grass at night. "]
["An art installation is placed by a street.", "People sit near a display of large artworks including an oversize bench and painted feline heads.", "Looking down on a giant rocking bench and large animal heads.", "An over sized wooden bench next to two massive animal art sculptures.", "artistic sculptures and images on a city street"]
["A bus driving down a rural country road surrounded by mountains.", "A blue and white vehicle traveling down a dirt paved road", "A mountain area road with a suspension bridge and mountains in the background, and one vehicle on the road.", "A white and blue truck driving down a mountainous dirt road.", "a  vehicle with many people even on top"]
["A long bench sitting next to a large fence.", "A bench in front of a track and field.", "a big long bench in front of a fence", "A bench at the park sits off to the side", "A row of benches beside a tennis court."]
["A fire hydrant covered up halfway with snow.", "Fire hydrant covered in snow in front of house and trees.", "A fire hydrant that is covered in snow.", "A red fire hydrant that is half buried in the snow.", "A fire hydrant is in the snow in front of a house."]
["A woman sitting on a bench with a brick wall behind her.", "A woman is sitting on a wood bench.", "there is a woman sitting on the bench surrounded by bushes", "a woman sitting on a bench surrounded by plants ", "A black and white photo of a woman sitting on a bench."]
["this is a photo of a large crowd of young adults sitting on a long row of park benches", "A lot of people sitting on park benches all doing different things.", "A black and white photo of people sitting on the bench. ", "A group of crazy hipsters playing with their phones", "Several people are seated on the benches of a park."]
["An orange fire hydrant sitting next to a stone wall.", "An orange fire hydrant is shown in dim lighting.", "A red fire hydrant stands by a gray brick wall.", "A red fire hydrant next to a black wall.", "A red fire hydrant outside of an old stone structure."]
["An older model passenger bus in a city.", "A bus with its doors open with a foreign language on the side of it.", "a red and white bus parked on the side of the road ", "An empty bus on a dusty city street", "A charter bus is parked on the road."]
["A hand holding a piece of cinnamon roll", "A piece of food in someones hand. ", "A person is holding a pastry with pieces bitten into it.", "A hand holds up a piece of bread like food.", "The person is holding a baked good with bites taken from it."]
["A frozen fire hydrant spewing ice out into a street.", "Water coming out of a fire hydrant that turned to ice.", "From an open fire hydrant, ice leads down and onto the pavement.", "an image of a water main burst and flood", "A major pipeline seems to be having a serious malfunction. "]
["A group of people getting onto a bus.", "People getting onto a bus on the side of the street. ", "a large tour bus with people boarding it", "A line of people boarding a transit bus. ", "Everyone is loading up on the buses and ready to go."]
["A fire hydrant with a hose sticking out of it's side.", "A leaky fire hydrant with a hose attached.", "The hose is attached to the side of a fire hydrant. ", "A fire hydrant with a hose hooked up leaks water.", "a fire hydrant with a water hose connected to it "]
["A tall giraffe eating leafy greens in a jungle.", "A standing giraffe in tall brush eating leaves.", "Giraffe leaning very far over to sample leaves.", "A giraffe bending over in tall grass by some trees.", "A close up of a giraffe eating from the top of a tree."]
["One bear and two cubs in the grass while birds fly behind them.", "a big brown bear with two young cubs", "Two smaller brown bear cubs with an adult bear in a field. ", "a couple of bears are running around in a field", "A mama bear with her two baby bears in a field."]
["Two giraffe standing next to each other in a forest.", "Two giraffes are grazing on a tall tree.", "Two giraffes snack on trees in their habitat", "Two giraffes are eating leaves off of a tree.", "Two giraffes in a field feeding on trees. "]
["Small bird sitting on a skateboard posed in front of dark blue background cloth.", "A yellow bird sitting on a skate board on a blue blanket.", "A chick is sitting on a skateboard on a blue sheet. ", "A very small bird sitting on a skateboard.", "A bird is riding on a skateboard on the carpet."]
["People boarding a bus at a bus stop.", "A bus on street with people getting on it.", "People entering a bus at night in the city.", "A couple of passengers board the bus at night.", "A bus waiting for people to get on in the dark.  "]
["A black and red bus turning on street next to a building.", "A huge bus turns the corner as it heads to pick up passengers.", "A city bus thats turning a corner with another at the intersection.", "A city bus turning the corner by a curb", "Two buses traveling past a tall white building."]
["A large group of sheep stand near the water all looking down eating", "There was a large flock of sheep and many birds next to the water.", "A large flock of sheep grazing next to a riverbank.", "Many sheep in a field some white some black.", "a herd of sheep with orange spots on their backs "]
["A group of sheep being led around the water. ", "A herd of animals standing on top of a field.", "A large herd of sheep walking along a rocky field.", "The sheep all have red marks on their backs.", "an area full of llamas crowded next to each other near the ocean"]
["small birds on tree branches with a sky background", "A close-up of a snowy tree with red-orange fruit still attached.", "A tree with snow, fruit and birds eating the fruit.", "Birds eating from apples that are hanging from a tree.", "Tree is spreading its pollen in the winter."]
["Two buses parked next to each other in a parking lot.", "Two busses with asian writing are in a parking lot.", "buses sitting on a parking lot, with one having asian writing in the window", "Two city buses sit parked in a line. ", "A row of empty buses sit in a parking lot."]
["A snowy city street with a french stop sign.", "A warning sign is displayed in a residential area.", "There is a snow covered street that is crowded with cars.", "There are cars parked along the side of the snowy street.", "Cars are lined on the side of the street under snow."]
["A bus sitting beside a sign that says tow zone.", "A yellow school bus parked in a handicap spot. ", "A large yellow school bus parked next to a  sign.", "A school bus is parked by a street sign.", "A school bus sitting at its stop in the city."]
["A tour bus parked in front of a building with a large advertisement painted to it's side.", "A basketball team's bus is parked in front of a convention center.", "a decorated bus sitting in front of a building ", "A tour bus in a parking lot with a mural painted on the side.", "A red bus parked in front of a large building."]
["A bird on top of a large clock.", "Novelty clock with a bird and tropical flower on the top.", "A clock decorated with parrot figurine on its top.", "A parrot is sitting on top of a parrot clock.", "A very cute bright colored bird on a clock."]
["A clock that is on the side of a tower.", "A large tower with a clock on the top.", "A steeple of a large building, with a clock on it.", "A clock tower with a bird sculpture on top", "A building with a clock tower and a bird statue on top "]
["A sidewalk next to a brown brick building.", "The building sits at a street corner with several different street signs.", "Pedestrians walk down a street next to tall buildings. ", "two women walking down the street past a truck and car carrying bags", "some buildings some signs some people and cars"]
["There are two giraffes located in a natural setting.", "A couple of giraffe standing on a  lush green field.", "a couple of giraffes stand next to each other ", "Two giraffes next to each other on a sunny day. ", "Two giraffes are standing together in a grassy area."]
["Two giraffe standing next to each other in a field.", "Two healthy looking giraffes walking amongst bushes and trees", "Two adult giraffe walking in tall grass near a mountain.", "Two giraffes are standing together in the grass near a hill.", "Two giraffes are walking through the green shrubs."]
["A giraffe on display in a glass enclosure.", "a fake giraffe eating leaves in an exhibit", "Giraffe that appears to be inside a building", "A giraffe is reaching for a dried plant in an indoor enclosure.", "A display with a  giraffe eating from a tree."]
["A street sign surrounded by orange and red leaves", "Street sign against tree with autumn leaves and sky.", "A street sign in front of agree with yellow and orange leaves.", "older street sign under a large tree during the fall", "An old sign with trees in the background filled with fall colored leaves."]
["Two giraffe are standing close together in wet sand.", "Two giraffes stand outside in a sandy area.", "Two giraffes crouching on a sandy area in front of trees.", "two giraffes on a dirt ground with trees in the background", "Two young giraffes are playing by a small ravine"]
["A giraffe standing on top of a grass covered field.", "A giraffe is bending down and eating grass.", "a giraffe is standing in a grassy field", "A giraffe leaned over eating grass on a field.", "A giraffe is grazing in a field with people in the background."]
["a close up of a street sign with buildings in the background", "Two street signs on a pole in front of large buildings.", "Two street signs with a large building in the background.", "A speed limit sign and a caution sign are attached to a pole.", "Two street signs posted on a street light pole near the city"]
["There are billboards on the side of the road.", "A street with many signs on the corner ", "A sidewalk is next to many different signs.", "A sign with a woman advertising loreal products.", "a whole bunch of billboards and signs on the side of the street "]
["a big bird stands on top of a wooden log ", "Large bird stands on tree branch near ocean.", "there is a bird that is sitting on a branch ", "A bird is sitting on a perch overlooking an ocean.", "A seagull perched on a piece of drift wood near the ocean."]
["A street post with three different street signs on it", "The pole has three different street names on it.", "Three street signs that are in a residential neighborhood.", "A street sign with three signs mounted on i", "A street sign has three different streets on it."]
["A women who is holding the door handle to a truck.", "A girl in a cowboy hat standing by a truck", "A lady in a hat with sunglasses on.", "a beautiful lady ready to open the vehicle", "A woman in a cowboy hat opening a truck door."]
["A silver miniature train with trees in background.", "A train looks blurry while the passengers wave out the window.", "Several people waving out of the windows of a train.", "view of people waving out the windows of a moving train.", "Passengers waving from a the passenger car of a commuter train."]
["a number of street signs with a business sign in the background", "A green street sign sitting on the side of a road.", "A freeway sign indicating Pacific Grove Del Monte Ave exit in 1/2 mile.", "A Pacific Grove and Del Monte Ave exit sign. ", "A traffic sign near a bridge and a gas station sign. "]
["A large cat wearing a santa hat making a funny face.", "A cat wearing a Santa hat sitting up.", "It's Christmas and the cat is not happy about being dressed in a Santa hat.", "A kitty getting into its own Christmas spirit under the tree.", "A cat wearing a santa hat scratching the air."]
["Barren mountains dotted with green beneath a cloudy sky.", "Two hikers hiking on a brown mountain range. ", "A hilly, mountain area on an overcast day.", "People hike with mountains and a stream in the background. ", "There is some snow in the middle of a grassy mountain range"]
["A large bird flying underneath a cloud blue sky.", "Single bird soaring through the sky on a cloudy day.", "a bird flying through the blue sky ", "A bird flying in the sky above the trees on a clear day.", "A lone bird soaring into the sky filled with clouds."]
["Two signs that are attached to a metal pole.", "A full view of an outdoor space with many things to see.\n", "the corner of the avenues of the americas and 6th avenue", "Sign post for 6th ave ( Avenue of the Americas)", "two green and white street signs on a brown pole"]
["A sheep standing in a open grass field.", "A white ewe is standing in a green field. ", "A white sheep in grassy area with trees in background.", "Heavily wooled sheep standing on grassy area in open field.", "Cute little sheep standing around for the picture"]
["A very large train is traveling down the railroad tracks. ", "A locomotive with freight cars speeding down a railway.", "A freight train is travelling on railroad tracks next to a river.", "A large very long train on a track.", "A red cargo train on the train tracks."]
["A sidewalk outside of a winery with tables", "A outside sidewalk view of Fisher King Winery", "A colorful sign hands over a sidewalk against a red, brick building.", "A city sidewalk in front of a winery ", "The winery sign is very visible at night."]
["A beautiful woman playing with a small green bird.", "A small bird green in color sitting on a bed next to a lady", "The woman is laying in bed feeding her bird.", "A woman plays with a bird while in bed.", "a lady with a teddy bear that is playing with a bird"]
["A  train traveling on a snow covered track.", "a train going down the tracks in the snow", "A passenger train makes its way along the track.", "A train traveling along a snow covered railroad track.", "A passenger train traveling over snowy train tracks."]
["A neon green walking sign has an arrow under it.", "There is a crossing sign next to the car. ", "A neon green street sign sitting on the side of a road.", "Bright green traffic signs showing a person and an arrow pointed downwards.", "A pedestrian street sign vandalized with an angel wing sticker"]
["a little girl sitting in front of a cake plate.", "A girl smiles down at a train cake.", "A little girl holding a dessert made of little cakes in the shape of train cars.", "A girl is looking at a vehicle themed birthday cake.", "A girl is holding a pastry designed to look like cars."]
["A gaggle of geese walking across grass next to water.", "a bunch of birds that are walking on grass", "A flock of white swans in a field near a pond.", "A well-tended grassy area with a lot of white ducks, or similar birds, on it, fronted by a body of water and some tall, healthy shade trees.  ", "Several white geese walking away from the water across a grassy field."]
["A man standing on the side of a commuter train.", "Workers between two passenger trains parked at a station", "A man standing in the open doorway of a train while another man with a bucket is getting on another train. ", "a man climbing onto a train as another man watches him ", "An attendant watches from a passenger train as a man boards another train."]
["a train approaching a station with people waiting to board", "A train traveling down a station platform with people on it.", "Train pulling up to a stop with people waiting for it. ", "Passengers waiting for their train to pull in to the stop. ", "a train on a track with people on a platform"]
["a number of people sitting at tables in a train", "A large group of people sitting at tables.", "A train with some people sitting at tables", "People are at dining tables on a train.", "Guests enjoy meals along the sides of an ornate train."]
["A green and beige bus traveling down a busy city street.", "An open-air bus riding on tracks on a city street.", "An open street car driving down a city street.", "An electric trolley train in the shape of a boat with no roof.", "a bus or train without a roof in the city"]
["A blue train traveling over a red rail bridge over cars.", "a monorail making it's way down the track above a bunch of cars", "a subway train on elevated tracks with a sky background", "A bullet train on an elevated track passing over parked cars.", "A passenger train moving along elevated tracks with cars below."]
["a man is sitting at a table on a train", "an asian man with a jar of water in front of him", "I man with a suite jacket and a yellow shirt sitting in a seat.", "A man is sitting at a table on a train.", "An Asian man has put something that is alive in that bottle."]
["A yellow and blue train traveling along tracks.", "A train is making it's way down the street.", "A train is making its way through the town on the tracks.", "The train has stopped on the railroad tracks. ", "A modern train is moving through a small town, trees and people."]
["A train with lights on riding down a track in front of buildings.", "A train is traveling on a track through town.", "A blue and yellow train traveling past a tall building.", "Engine at the front of a freight train moving through the middle of a small town.", "Blue and yellow train passing through the center of a city. "]
["A train is going down a hill through a town", "A train goes is on a railroad track in front of a brick building.", "A blue and yellow locomotive train moving trough a small town", "A train rolls down an empty street. ", "A picture of a train driving down the street."]
["A car and a train on a city street.", "Someone in a classic car looking at an old cablecar.", "An old orange train is next to a blue car.", "An old train on an old train track, next to a car.", "A orange train car sitting on the side of a street."]
["A train is being driven down the railroad tracks.", "A train pulls its load with hills in the background.", "A two engine  train pulling cars through the country side.", "A yellow train is going through a mountain pass.", "A train going down the tracks during Autumn."]
["A train making its way through a rail yard.", "a blue train is coming down some tracks", "The large train is painted blue with red and white stripes. ", "A train traveling down tracks next to other tracks.", "An engine is pulling train cars on the tracks."]
["a small bird on the ground near bushes", "A blue and black bird walking across a dirty field.", "A unique looking bird is in the wild. ", "a blue breasted bird with a red beak and eyes is on the ground", "A purple swamphen with a red crest on its head walks on the ground."]
["a person and a dog in a fake train", "A picture of someone taking picture with her dog. ", "A beautiful young lady riding a toy train with an adorable dog.", "A person and a dog with their heads in the windows of a cardboard train. ", "A dog and a women in a fake train."]
["A woman standing next to a miniature train at a park.", "a person standing next to a mini train on a track", "A smiling woman stands next to a miniature locomotive in a park.", "A woman stands next to a small train on tracks.", "A women next to a small train for kids to ride. "]
["A metal pole with four different street signs hanging on it's side.", "there are many street signs on a large street pole", "THERE ARE A LOT OF STREET SIGNS THAT ARE ON A POLE ", "LIGHT POLE REACHING INTO A BLUE AND CLOUDY SKY", "A pole has several different road signs on it."]
["Train with four cars traveling through the wooded area.", "Orange train on tracks traveling through hilly woods.", "A large yellow train with a 216 displayed on it is moving down through the woods.", "Yellow train engine and cars coming around a curve. ", "A large yellow train on a steel track."]
["There is a white and black desk with shelves  and a computer", "A desk in an office with a Apple computer.", "A desk covered in electronic devices in what seems to be a lab.", "A white and black computer desk with blue area rug", "White desk with computer screen and office supplies on top."]
["A street filled with advertising signs hanging from the sides buildings.", "A row of large business signs in the daytime.", "a street with many signs buildings and a cloudy sky", "The signs line the streets of Chinatown, each advertising a business.", "A crowded city street with numerous Chinese store signs."]
["An old train next to some empty train tracks.", "Small blue passenger train passing through the side of a city. ", "a train parked at the end of some tracks", "An old fashioned train near other tracks. ", "Train sitting on ground next to a full track"]
["View of the intersection of two streets in front of houses.", "A STREET SIGN DESCRIBING CORRECT PATHS TO TWO PLACES.", "Two street signs crossing at an intersection with houses in the background.", "Street signage indicating earlier days hang in front of primitive looking homes.", "a close up of a street sign with a sky background"]
["There are two birds sitting on a branch by the water", "Birds are sitting on logs near the water.", "Birds rest on a dock in front of a pond in a large city", "two black birds sitting on top of some standing upright logs", "Birds perched on some wood by an expanse of water"]
["A red train pulling into a crowded train station.", "Two transit trains are pulled up at a station with passengers walking alongside.", "A high speed train at a station with people.", "A train at the station surrounded by people.", "Two trains stop at a station while many people move about."]
["A street sign above mailboxes in a snowy, icy winter scene.", "A icy scene with two frozen mailboxes and a street sign.", "A stylized photo of two mailboxes outside during the winter.", "Snowy mailboxes sit on the side of the road.", "A winter scene with frozen mail and newspaper boxes under a street sign. "]
["A silver train passing under high beams and trees.", "long passenger train coming down the train tracks", "The train is running along on the tracks.", "A train traveling across tracks next to a forest.", "A large long train going down a track."]
["A post with several street signs on it, including the name.", "A street sign posted above a one way traffic sign.", "Several street signs are presented on a street sign.", "Street signs indicating that Beaver Place is a private one way street.", "A sign says one way and Beaver Place."]
["a bunch of street signs on a pole outside", "A bunch of street signs with a building in the background.", "A metal pole with lots of street signs hanging from it's sides.", "The street signs are clearly visible for all of us to see.", "A street sign is shown, the corner of West 25th St and Broadway."]
["A yellow end sign sitting on the side of a field.", "a yellow sign is hanging near a grassy field", "A road sign that says \"End\" and a couple trees in the background.", "An \"End\" sign, with trees and a field in the background", "a sign attached to a metal post with trees in the background"]
["A train in the middle of an area with trees", "A long train traveling through tree covered wilderness.", "A red train proceeding along the tracks with cargo.", "Orange train with freight cars proceeding down the tracks in a wooded area.", "A freight train is running through the country."]
["A stop sign with a green street sign posted above it.", "A street sign with the name Peepee Falls Street.", "A sign and some trees are being displayed in a neighborhood.", "A street sign \"PeePee Falls St.\" sits on top of a stop sign.", "A street sign can be found near trees"]
["A cat laying on the ground next to a woman's shoes.", "a tiger cat sleeping at some ones feet", "The grey and black cat lies at a woman's feet.", "A cat playing with someones feet. The cat is on the ground.", "A cat laying on the grass touching a persons feet."]
["A locomotive is on the tracks along side some trees.", "An orange freight train traveling past a bunch of trees. ", "an orange train driving on a train track", "A train passes under a light of some kind on tracks.", "An orange and yellow train on train tracks going through the countryside."]
["Sign with the words Radar across the bottom.", "This is a composite photo of a warning sign and a picket fence.", "A radar sign on top of a white picket fence.", "A \"radar\" road sign hanging by a fence.", "a yellow and black sign and a white fence and house"]
["a train is stopped on the train tracks at the station", "The red train in on the tracks under a covered sidewalk. ", "a red and yellow passenger train sitting at the platform", "A red train that is parked at the train station.", "a red train that is on a train track"]
["Some very big pretty trains at the station.", "Trains pull into a train station during the day.", "The two trains are at the station by the platforms.", "two trains are parked at the train station", "Several trains coming to a complete stop on the tracks."]
["Street signs are affixed to a utility pole.", "A green street sign hanging from a wooden pole", "A street sign posted on a pole with trees in the background.", "Lindsey St. street sign on a telephone pole.\n", "Two street signs are attached to an electrical pole"]
["A round picture of a train station with a tall building across the street.", "a parked train sits inside of a train depot station ", "a round picture of an empty train track", "Looking down the track of a train station during the day.", "the view of a train station and some tracks"]
["A woman standing under a red stop sign on a green yard.", "A person standing in the grass by a stop sign.", "A woman in shorts leaning against a stop sign.", "A person is leaning against a stop sign.", "A person is standing in the grass in front of a stop sign. "]
["a public transit train on a train track with buildings in the background", "The yellow and blue tram is in motion. ", "A cable car bus moving on a track in Japan.", "Several train tracks with an electric train on one of them.", "A driver steers a tram onto a tangle of tracks."]
["A trolley for Adventure World on its track", "A small street car on tracks and a connection above, on a street.", "A street trolley making its way down a city street.", "A large white train on a city street.", "A white and black trolly in street with building in the background."]
["A small train with writing all over it passes through an intersection.", "A very nice looking train car on the tracks.", "A red and black train traveling past a tall building.", "The black metro train has many advertisements on it.", "A commuter train crosses a street intersection in a city."]
["there are several street signs on the same pole", "An intersection with street signs during the day.", "Road signs giving directions erected next to a group of trees.", "A one way sign and street signs on a pole.", "A one way sign is underneath the street signs."]
["A train that is sitting on the tracks.", "a train rides through a city next to a building ", "A blue train traveling down tracks next to a tall building.", "A train on a railway close to a building. ", "A blue and red train going down the tracks."]
["Elevated bridge runs alongside the railroad tracks and over land.", "An elevated concrete roadway runs parallel to train tracks.", "An overpass of a highway, with a train crossing below.", "A view of a bridge from the bottom of it.", "I am not sure what this one is"]
["there are several stop signs along side the grass", "Row of stop signs lined up in a grassy area.", "Several stop signs lined up in an open field area.", "A bunch of red stop signs arranged in a row. ", "Many stop signs are lined up in a yard."]
["A red stop sign stands out against the view of a mountain.", "A stop sign with a view of snow covered mountains in the back.", "a stop sign in the foreground of a picture of snow topped mountains", "A stop sign sits near a field and a mountain.", "A stop sign is standing in front of a view of a mountain range. "]
["A picture of a dog is centered on a stop sign.", "A stop sign with a dogs head on the front.", "A stop sigh with a picture of a dogs head stuck in the center", "a close up of a stop sign in front of some trees", "A red stop sign with a picture of a dog in the center of it."]
["A large train is passing over a set of tracks. ", "A silver and red train with train cars next to trees.", "The train is moving along through the residential area.", "A train is on the tracks beside a parking lot.", "There is no image here to provide a caption for."]
["A train is coming down the track near some trees.", "A vintage train travels along the tracks among lush green trees.", "a train being operated on a train track with trees in the background", "A train traveling through a green tree filled countryside.", "Antique looking locomotive train chuffing down the tracks"]
["A woman standing in front of window next to a bug and a stop sign.", "A car parked on the street next to a tree and stop sign. ", "A lone Volkswagen is parked by a stop sign.", "A window view of a small car near a street stop sign.", "An old VW Bug standing at a stop sign."]
["A train carrying chemical tanks traveling past a water tower.", "Dual train tracks with a train on one of them and a water tower in the background.", "a train some trees and a water tower ", "Train on tracks with water tower for Davis Junction in the rear.", "A train on a train track going through a bunch of trees."]
["A couple of large long trains on a track.", "many trains on tracks near a building ", "Two light rail trains are sitting on a track next to a white building.", "Old and new trains navigating a rail yard.", "a couple of trains are sitting on some tracks"]
["a stop sign on a pole next to a tree", "a stop sign stands at an intersection on a tree-lined street", "a stop sign on a pole next to a tree ", "a red stop sign next to a tree", "A tree is next to a stop sign."]
["A yellow freight train is traveling on a track", "A train that is sitting on a track near the snow.", "A train coming up the tracks in snowy weather", "A yellow train going down some train tracks", "there are four train engines pulling freight cars"]
["Blue tram in a city with people boarding", "A group of people wait for a rail cart.", "Small train line with a large group of people waiting.", "People boarding a line of blue street cars.", "A blue train at a station with people on the tracks"]
["a large train station with several trains docked", "A large station with many trains on a track.", "Multiple trains are moving along the railroad tracks in a railroad station.", "A train yard with six trains waiting to depart.", "A group of light rail trains are parked at a station."]
["Two trains beside each other on two tracks that run beside each other.", "Three trains are riding on the tracks in the large city. ", "A cityscape of a set of train tracks with trains running on them.", "Landscape of city skyline with industrial railyard in foreground.", "Trains on the tracks near a lot of buildings."]
["A train with a man climbing up the side of it.", "A red train is coming down the tracks", "A man hanging on to the outside of a train engine car.", "A conductor is climbing aboard a vintage locomotive.", "An engineer is climbing into the engine compartment."]
["A man standing on train tracks as a train approaches.", "A man stands between two railroad tracks as a train approaches.", "a train moving on a railway line and controller looking", "A man watches a train pull towards him on the tracks.", "A train traveling on the tracks approaching a station."]
["A parking meter with the time expired on it", "The time has expired on the parking meter.", "A closeup of a parking meter that reads \"time expired.\"", "An expire parking meter next to the side of a road.", "a parking meter on an empty street reads \"time expired\""]
["a parking meter standing in the cold snow ", "We are looking at a closeup of a parking meter.", "a parking meter is covered in some snow", "A close up of a parking meter in a snowy area", "The is a parking meter next to a tree."]
["A dog looking over the side from the bed of a pickup truck ", "A dog is looking over the wall of a pickup truck.", "There is a dog in the back of the truck.", "A man looking out the window and a dog in the back of a truck.", "A man puts his hand out the back of a truck where a dog is resting with his head above the truck bed."]
["A white truck is near some trees in the background.", "A food truck with screen covers across the windows.", "An old looking white van is close up.", "The delivery truck is parked o the side of the road.", "A white food truck is parked outside in the sun."]
["A black cat playing with a pair of shoes on a stool", "A kitty cat hugs a person at their feet.", "A cat sitting on a chair playing with shoes", "A cat is playing with the shoelaces of a person wearing a skirt.", "A cat playing with someones feet as they stand on a chair."]
["Bulls, dogs and people all share the same street.", "A black and white cow standing in a market", "Two cows and two small dogs hang out in front a street market.", "Two cows, and two dogs , and people at an open air market. ", "Two dogs and two cows are amongst people in a market."]
["A small cat laying on the ground in a room.", "A cat lying on a large flat pillow.", "A picture of a cat laying on a pet bed.", "a small bed with a single cat laying on top", "a cat laying on a bed on the ground"]
["An old pickup truck with a tarp over the truck bed.", "A truck with a tarp-covered bed is parked under an overcast sky.", "A Ford pickup truck with cover over the bed.", "An older model Ford truck with the truck bed covered by a tarp.", "An old truck with a tarp on the bed parked in a parking lot."]
["A black cat has a white bow tie on.", "A black is laying on a bed while wearing a bow tie.", "a vintage photo of a cat sitting on a bed", "A cat sits on a blanket with a bow tie.", "A black cat is wearing a white bow tie and looking at the camera"]
["A soldier hanging form the side of an army transport truck.", "an image of military guy on a tank", "a person on a military vehicle adjusting straps", "A U.S army man on top of a military truck", "A soldier is standing on a military vehicle."]
["A close-up of a calico cat wearing a tie.", "A cat that is walking around a bed.", "A calico cat faces the camera while wearing a tie. ", "Multi-colored cat wearing a small blue flowered tie.", "A small  kitty with something around his neck."]
["A gray cat wearing a colorful neck tie.", "A cat that is sitting down wearing a tie.", "a blue russian cat with a tie on.", "The grey kitty is wearing a decorative tie.", "a cat is being held in the arms of a person "]
["a close up of a person holding a cat wearing a tie", "A person holding a large cat in their hands.", "A close shot of someone petting a cat. ", "A cat with glowing eyes cuddled with another cat and some plushies.", "A woman holds on to a cat with bright creepy eyes. "]
["A black cat with crazy eyes wearing a bib.", "A black cat wearing a tie on a bed.", "A black cat laying down wearing a tie.", "The black cat is wearing a little necktie.", "A black cat with a tie around its neck."]
["A cat sitting in a black piece of luggage.", "A grey cat sitting in a large black bag.", "A brown cat sleeping in a black piece of luggage.", "Grey long-haired cat resting in a dufflebag. ", "The large cat is laying down in the suitcase. "]
["Cattle grazing in a grassy field filled with trees.", "Four black cows standing in a field of grass and trees. ", "Cows and steer in a palm and vegetative field.", "A group of animals that are outside in the wild.", "Some Cows stand around some tall grass and trees on a sunny day. "]
["Three back packers with heavy packs and a dog hiking on a hill side.", "Three people and a dog are walking up a hill.", "A group of three backpackers and a dog on a mountainside.", "A group of hikers with a dog traveling up an incline.", "Three hikers climb a hill with their brown dog."]
["Two cows are beside a group of people standing near a parking lot. ", "A group of people and several cows stand in a parking lot median.", "people in a parking lot with cows and buckets.", "A parking lot with cows, people, buckets ad wheelbarrow in a grass area.", "A group of people in th shade with a cow in parking lot"]
["A black bull beginning to mount a brown cow. ", "A cow and a bull together in the pasture.", "One cow attempting to mate with another cow in a pasture.", "A bull and a cow are wresting in a field. ", "A bull that is jumping on top of a cow."]
["Four cows of various color grazing in a field.", "A herd of cattle grazing on a field.", "Brown and black cows are grazing in the grass.", "Cattle grazing on grass in a field ", "several types of cattle on a rolling hill"]
["A cat standing in between two grassy plants.  ", "A cat sits between two potted plants outside a window.", "A gray amd white cat walking between potted plants.", "a cat standing between two plants with long grass ", "A cat walking around a couple pots of grassy moss."]
["a kitty sitting in a plant with two glass mushrooms in the planter", "A cat sits near a few potted plants.", "a grey cat sitting on top of a couple of plants", "a cat sits in the middle of some plants ", "A cat sitting in s potted plant by a window."]
["A large blue tow truck towing a large tractor.", "Construction equipment home by a large truck in the rural countries", "a blue truck is driving down a road", "A truck tows a tractor down the street.", "Pickup truck passing semi rig with construction equipment on trailer."]
["A cat with glowing eyes laying on top of a person.", "A cat that is laying on top of a person in bed.", "A cat laying on a person in bed.", "a person layign in a bed wit ha cat on top of them", "A cat that is laying on top of someone sleeping in bed."]
["A black and white cat sleeping on top of a bed.", "A white and black cat is sleeping on a bed", "a white black and brown cat is sleeping on a bed", "A multicolored fuzzy cat sleeping on a blanket.", "A black and white colored cat sleeping on a bed spread."]
["A cat sitting on a table in front of a vase of flowers.", "A cat is sitting on a table next to a base of flowers.", "A cat on a table next to a vase of flowers.", "A cat sitting on top of a table next to a  vase filled with flowers.", "a brown and white cat meditating in front of a glass vase containing a plant."]
["a bunch of cows standing and laying on a grass field.", "Cows are sitting and standing in the grass", "Several cows are shown in a field with short grasses.", "A herd of cows relaxing in a green grassy area.", "A herd of cattle standing on a  lush green field."]
["a cat is standing next to a picture of a fish", "A cat is watching a fish on the tv.", "A cat sitting in front of a television screen. ", "A cat standing in front of a television screen with a picture of a fish.", "The cat is next to a fish on the television screen."]
["a cat is watching some other cats on a television", "A cat sits on an entertainment center in front of a tv", "A cat sitting in front of a TV with animals on the screen.", "A cat gets up-close to the TV to watch other cats.", "CAT SITTING ON TABLE WATCHING OTHER CATS ON TV"]
["A cat pawing at a television picture of some penguins.", "A cat watching birds on a television screen. ", "A cat watching two penguins on television and reaching out its paw.", "this is a cat looking out of a window at grass", "A cat pawing at the television showing two penguins."]
["A man with a yellow umbrella waves a flag on the shore of a river.", "A man is holding a flag and an umbrella next to a river with a boat carrying several other flags.", "A man is holding a flag and an umbrella.", "a person holding a small flag and an umbrella ", "An old man holding a yellow umbrella and a flag."]
["A fuzzy white goat is grazing in the grass", "A cow grazing on a field with grass", "A cow is grazing for food by himself", "A white sheep standing on top of a field.", "some kind of animal that is grazing in a field"]
["A man riding on a boat filled with luggage.", "A man is on a boat filed with many suitcases.", "A man on a boat with a lot of suitcases next to a pier with a woman and her luggage on it. ", "a group of people that are floating in a boat", "A boat is loaded with a large amount of suitcases."]
["A bull with long horns standing next to a brick structure.", "A bull with horns looking forward underneath a bridge.", "a bull standing under a stone cave by his self ", "A cattle is hiding under a bridge being alone. ", "A bull is under a archway near a dead animal. "]
["Some very pretty brown cows eating near a fence.", "a number of cows in a field near a fence", "Cows are grazing on plants while the sun shines.", "A small group of cows munching on some grass in the field.", "A heard of cows is eating grass by the fence."]
["The cat is sitting next to the computer mouse.", "this is a cat and a mouse3 on a table", "A close up of a cat next to a computer mouse", "A cat sitting on a wooden table next to a computer mouse. ", "a cat sits on a floor next to a mouse "]
["A cat laying next to a laptop and a computer mouse.", "a porcelain cat looking at a black mouse", "A cat crouched down staring at a computer mouse ", "A ceramic cat laying down, looking at a computer mouse.", "a cat that is laying down looking at a mouse"]
["A husky is lying under an elephant toy.", "A dog lies on the carpet with a stuffed animal on its head. ", "A dog laying on a floor under a stuffed toy elephant.", "A dog laying on the floor with a stuffed toy on top of it.", "A dog is lying on the floor with a stuffed animal on top of it."]
["a little boat coming towards the shore ", "The small motorboat is traveling towards much larger sailing vessels. ", "Boats are off shore in a body of water.", "a photo of a harbor during the day with many boats", "A boat is moving through an industrial river area."]
["a man in a tie holding a cup", "a male with a goatee and tie is holding a cup", "A man in a suit is holding a coffee mug. ", "A man in a suit holding a coffee cup in his hand.", "A guy in a gray suite holding a tea cup."]
["A man with an earring is drinking from a cup.", "A person who is taking a sip from a coffee cup.", "Guy in suit with ear gauges sips from a tea cup. ", "A man in a suit drinking tea from a cup and saucer", "a man in a suit drinking from a floral tea cup "]
["A jean skirt has a bottom on it made of ties.", "A  dress made of jean skirt and ties.", "A skirt made of ties is on a mannequin.", "A woman wearing a skirt made out of mens ties.", "A mini-skirt maybe made by blue jeans with tied ties attached to them."]
["A man dressed very nice posing for a picture.", "A business person in a green tie and shirt in an office.", "This gentleman is being photographed to celebrate a special event.", "A man is posing for a photo in his tie.", "some fat dude in a green shirt with a stupid looking tie on."]
["A mother elephant bumping her trunk against her baby's forehead.", "A family of elephants standing in a field.", "Two adult elephants are guarding a baby closely.", "Two large elephants are standing in the grass with a baby elephant.", "Two bigger elephants standing with a small elephant."]
["A man wearing a red tie holding it up with his hands.", "A businessman showing off a unique red tie.", "A man displaying the red tie with hearts and writing that he is wearing.", "Two hands hold up a red tie that has hearts on it.", "a man in a suit showing of his red tie"]
["A few boats are parked near the shore line. ", "boats docked along the waters of a colorful row of buildings against a cloudy sky", "a body of water bordered by houses and with canoes in it.", "A dock is filled with boats as buildings surround the dock while the sky is turbulent.", "Several boats that are anchored in a body of water."]
["a group of elephants near a body of water ", "Elephants washing themselves and relaxing at a river", "some elephants of assorted sizes standing next to some water ", "A heard of elephants in the wild on the banks of a river.", "diffident size elephants bunched together getting a drink of water"]
["A man paddles a boat while his passenger relaxes in the back.", "A man rowing a boat with a paddle as another man with a life vest looking on.", "A man uses an oar as another man looks on", "A couple of people that are in the water.", "two males one is rowing some water and trees"]
["A herd of wild animals drinking from a river of slow moving water.", "Three elephants are walking through a deep river.", "Three elephants neck deep in a river with trees on the shore.", "A lake outside with animals of some sort swimming in them.", "the three elephants entered into a deep river"]
["A gray elephant stands up to his thighs in a river.", "A tall elephant walking through a large body of water.", "There is a elephant that is standing in the water", "An elephant wades through a body of water. ", "an elephant partially submerged in a body of water"]
["Woman adjusting man's tie in occupied room with others.", "The man is getting dressed with a suit and tie. ", "some people stand in the middle of a room ", "a woman in a dress adjusting a mans green tie", "A woman straightening a man's tie with two other men in the background."]
["A crowd of people riding a motorized pontoon across a river.", "A group of people on a barge made from two small boats.", "two boats with a raft platform on a large body of water", "A group of people are riding a ferry on the water.", "A square, wood boat transporting people across a lake."]
["Several elephants walking in the dirt near grass. ", "Four elephants are standing in an open space.", "Several elephants are walking up a dirt hill.", "A herd of elephants walking across a dirt field.", "several elephants roam an open field of grass and dirt "]
["an elephant playing with a piece of wood and a fence ", "An elephant carrying a log around the enclosure", "The elephant bangs the bars of the fence with a large stick he holds in his trunk.", "An elephant hanging its trunk on a wooden post.", "The elephant is moving the log from place to place."]
["A man wearing a black and purple outer garment with a paisley tie.", "A man in a robe is wearing a paisley tie.", "A graduate wears his gown while waiting for graduation.", "A man is wearing a robe and a tie.", "man in a black and purple robe with a tie"]
["Cafe tables with table cloths and orange umbrellas over them.", "Two tables and four chairs with white tablecloth and orange umbrellas.", "Umbrellas over two dining room tables in an open restaurant. ", "Two tables at a restaurant with yellow umbrellas.", "Wicker chairs and tables under umbrellas in the shade."]
["A large amount of boats are parked in the marina", "A multitude of boats sit in the dock at night.", "Several boats are docked at a large pier.", "a bunch of boats that are floating in the water", "A bunch of boats that are sitting in the water."]
["A kitten being roasted inside of a microwave oven.", "there is a picture of a cat in a microwave door", "THERE IS A IMAGE OF A ORANGE CAT WITH BLUE EYES ON A MICROWAVE", "A kitten is looking out from inside an Amana microwave oven.", "a brown cat staring outside with blue eyes"]
["a person in a clothing store wearing a hat", "Man standing in a sporting goods store holding condiments.", "A man in a clothing store making an odd face.", "A man standing inside of a busy store.", "a man in a white hat is holding a small ketchup holder"]
["A large elephant laying on top of a rocky field.", "There are an elephant and penguins and snow, all in the same photo.", "A elephant is laying on rocks with penguins behind it.", "A sea lion on the rocks with an elephant's head photoshopped on it.", "An elephant is on a walrus body as it lays on some rocks near a group of penguins."]
["The baby elephant is walking along the side of the bigger elephant. ", "A small elephant is standing near a bigger elephant.", "a couple of elephants walk through a area of dead grass", "A couple of elephants are in a field", "a couple of gray elephants walking across a grass field."]
["A person carrying several sacks under an umbrella.", "A person walking through a parking lot with shopping bags under an umbrella.", "A women who is walking with an umbrella.", "A person walking through a street holding bags and umbrealla", "A photo of a woman walking with a blue umbrella."]
["a couple in black and white walking down a rainy street", "A couple of people with a umbrella on a street.", "Couple walking with an umbrella in the dark.", "Two people are walking down the street at night.", "some people with an umbrella walking at night and some lights"]
["A zodiac for the coast gaurs about to launch into water", "a life boat sits on top of a bigger boat", "A Zodiac boat tied up on the side of a larger boat.", "Large orange raft sits on boat deck attached to crane.", "a small raft boat on a boat near the water "]
["Dozens of opened umbrellas hanging above in multicolors", "An area full of umbrellas hanging up over head.", "A bunch of different color umbrellas in the air", "Umbrellas in many colors hang above a city street.", "Several colored umbrellas hanging from wires on a street."]
["A crowded side walking going through a park.", "A lot of people standing under brightly colored overhangs.", "A street fair containing many different people standing between several buildings", "People walking under a walkway made of umbrellas.", "there are many decorations that go down this street"]
["Two elephants are near a watering hole at the same time", "A pair of elephants on each side of a water hole.", "two large elephants walk on the green grass ", "Elephants walk in the grass near a pond. ", "Elephants' skin looks muddy due to wallowing in the water."]
["A road with two people walking with umbrellas.", "Two people walking down a tree lined road with umbrellas on a rainy day.", "Two women are walking under umbrellas down a street.", "Two people with umbrellas walk down a damp street.", "Two people walking in a light rain down a tree lined street"]
["A cat is sitting in front of a window.", "A pair of scissors that are on a wooden roll or rope.", "a cat sitting on top of a cat toy by a window", "A cat sitting on a scratching post as a person attempts to cut its tail.", "A black cat sitting on stand in front of a window."]
["Two gentleman standing next to each other in an office.", "The two Asian men stare at the camera.", "Two men in suit and tie are standing together.", "Two Asian men standing in a office with business suits on.", "Two men in business suits stand next to each other in an office. "]
["An elephant in the river holding something with its trunk", "An elephant standing in a pond holding something in its trunk.", "An elephant picks something up out of the water with its trunk.", "An elephant in the water holding a plant with its trunk.", "An elephant is standing in some shallow water."]
["A lawn chair sitting on a beach covered by an umbrella.", "A bright day on the beach with three people relaxing in lounge chairs. ", "A quiet beach with a few people enjoying the sun.", "People sitting on the beach looking at the ocean", "people are enjoying their time on the beach"]
["A rainbow umbrella in the water off the shore", "Ocean side shot of a umbrella floating on the side of the ocean.", "An umbrella sitting in the middle of the water.", "A sailboat sailing on the ocean and an umbrella floating in the ocean.", "A colorful umbrella sitting on top of a body of water."]
["Couple sailing a large sailboat on calm water. ", "A sailboat moving through the water with a lush hill in the background", "A sail boat in the middle of a body of water.", "A white sail boat sailing across a lake next to a green tree covered mountain.", "A sailboat cruising down a body of water."]
["A young man sitting in front of a laptop computer.", "A young boy sitting down looking at his laptop", "A boy is sitting at a table with his laptop.", "a person that is sitting in front of a laptop", "A person with a laptop and a tie in a room."]
["A herd of elephants standing around a dry grass field.", "a herd of elephants under a big tree.", "elephants in the wild surrounding a large tree", "Elephants under a tree in field of dry grass.", "A herd of elephants under a tree on a grassy field."]
["Three items of luggage of color blue, black, and red\n", "The person reaches for the red bag stacked next to the blue and black bags.", "A person stands by a collection of luggage.", "A person sits close to a group of stacked luggage. ", "Three different colored duffel bags with travel tags"]
["Rainbow colored umbrella blocking the sun on a beach.", "A rainbow colored beach umbrella in the sand", "A large rainbow colored umbrella on a beach.", "A rainbow colored umbrella is on the beach.", "A different color umbrella sitting in the sand at the beach. "]
["Two men sitting on the backs of two large elephants.", "there are two men riding on two elephants", "Two elephants walking near a building each with a man riding it.", "Two elephants standing beside each other with people on top.", "Two men talk to each other while riding elephants."]
["A boat sitting on top of a body of water next to tall buildings.", "some people water buildings flag and a boat", "A small boat is on the beach in a crowd of people.", "A large white boat with blue writing sits near several flags and red and white umbrellas on a busy beach.", "white row boat propped up on crowded beach\n"]
["A person in boat on water with island in distance.", "A boat is going down the water with trees in the distance.", "There is a boat in the water at sunset", "A small boat motoring towards land with the sun low in the sky", "A person in  a boat as the sun goes down"]
["a group of green luggage sitting together in a living room ", "a bunch of luggage on the floor of a living area", "Green luggage sitting on the floor of a living room", "A pile of green luggage sitting on top of a living room floor.", "Set of vintage suitcases in living room with rug"]
["A cluttered bedroom with books on the bed", "A student's room with a desk and shelves full of books.", "College dorm room with stack of newspapers, backpack and suitcase near bed.", "A home office area with a crowded desk and bookshelves.", "There are many books and magazines in the small room."]
["A bedroom with a bed sitting next to a window.", "A bedroom is shown with a suitcase on a bed along with several clothes on it.", "this bedroom is small and has tiled floors and a small bed and des", "A single bed dorm room with a desk and dresser", "An open suitcase sitting on a bed surrounded by folded clothes."]
["A baby elephant is nursing while another elephant eats hay.", "A couple of elephants standing next to each other.", "a baby elephant and two adult elephants standing next to each other.", "Baby elephant nursing while standing next to elephant eating hay.", "A small baby elephant stands near an adult, and a very old elephant."]
["A blue piece of luggage sitting on a hard wood floor next to pairs of shoes.", "A blue suitcase with a pink band around it sits on a wooden floor next to a pair of deck shoes and a pair of tennis shoes.", "Two pairs of shoes sit next to a suitcase on a wooden floor", "Two pair of casual shoes sits beside a vintage turquoise suitcase.", "A brightly colored suitcase next to two pair of shoes."]
["A woman holding a white and purple umbrella.", "Many people walk around a building with a roof shaped like a cone.", "people standing on a courtyard holding open umbrellas", "A woman in a black dress and umbrella in front of structure.", "a group of people with umbrellas stand in front of a building "]
["A suitcase is open and sitting on the ground.", "This flower luggage set consists of two pieces.", "Flowery luggage open with brown straps and handles.", "Two pictures showing various angles of a particular travelling bag. ", "A couple of suitcases laying on a white surface."]
["Baby sits inside an empty suitcase on top of a bed.", "A smiling baby sitting back in a suite case on a bed. ", "A baby laying in a bag of luggage on top of a bed.", "A smiling baby is laying in a suitcase.", "A baby sitting in an open suitcase on a bed."]
["A girl sits with her back to a suitcase.", "A girl in owl pajamas leans back against her bag", "a lady sitting with her back against some luggage", "A girl with a blue shirt sits next to a suitcase.", "A picture of a kid that is on the ground."]
["An elephant walking behind a large wire cage.", "A small elephant digging in the dirt behind a fence", "There is a baby elephant being watched by people.", "Baby elephant walking in a zoo enclosure ", "An elephant walking in the sand inside a fence."]
["A baby and adult elephant are standing by large rocks.", "A large elephant stands next to a baby elephant and they seem to be eating vegetation strewn on a large rock and on the ground.", "Two elephants standing next to each other in a habitat at a zoo.", "An adult and a juvenile elephant standing by a large rock.", "A mother and baby elephant standing next to a rock"]
["Elephants stand together along a wall in a zoo. ", "A contained area with rock walls and formations built along with fencing and several elephants together in the area.", "Elephants gathered in the corner of an enclosure", "A herd of elephants walking up the side of a  hill.", "A picture of a group of elephants in a zoo."]
["A large elephant standing next to a wire fence.", "An elephant's calf sucking from its mother's breasts", "a large elephant with the baby elephant under it.", "An adult and baby elephant next to a fence.", "A baby elephant is seen standing in between another elephants legs"]
["A small black dog walking across a grass covered yard.", "A dog playing with a shoe in a yard area.", "A cute black dog holding something in its mouth.", "BLACK DOG WITH COLLAR CHEWING ON A BASEBALL MITT", "Dark colored dog playing in yard with shoe in mouth."]
["a dog is jumping up to catch a frisbee", "A black and white dog jumps to catch a frisbee.", "A dog biting at a frisbee in the air on a field.", "The dog is catching the Frisbee with his mouth. ", "A dog is about to catch a frisbee in his mouth."]
["A wet dog running on a beach with a neon green Frisbee in it's mouth.", "Dog carrying a fetched frisbee along a beach in front of surf.", "A dog running along a beach with a frisbee in it's mouth.", "A dog running on the beach with a frisbee in its mouth", "A DOG RUNNING ALONG THE BEACH CARRYING A FRISBEE"]
["A girl in a red dress working on a laptop.", "Woman in red jacket working on a laptop in a green case. ", "A woman uses computer equipment inside a yellow case.", "A blonde woman in a red raincoat looks at a screen while talking on her cellphone.", "A woman uses a computer outdoors near a tent."]
["A group of people with umbrellas walking down the street", "A group of women with umbrellas and a couple without umbrellas outside in the rain.", "Two people with umbrellas near other people without umbrellas.", "A group of people with umbrellas walking on walkway.", "a group of people some holding umbrellas some not"]
["Here is a scale weighing a tan piece of luggage.", "A suitcase is being weighed at an airport ticket counter. ", "A machine with some red letters of numbers on it. ", "A bag of luggage sitting on top of a weighing scale.", "Suitcase with stickers and decals on a conveyor belt."]
["A person carries a stack of boxes while people with umbrellas walk around the street.", "A man carrying a few crates down the street.", "A man is carrying a large package through the city streets.", "A street scene with a man carrying four boxes.", "A man carrying boxes down the sidewalk with many other people around carrying umbrellas and walking on a rainy day"]
["Rows of suitcases on carpet with crate in background.", "A storage room full of various old suitcases.", "a closet full of different kinds of suit cases ", "A large group of suitcases are all lined up.", "A collection of suitcases fills the cramped space."]
["A group of bags and suitcases sitting on a tile floor", "Three backpacks loaded with a variety of stuff sitting on a tile floor.", "Three bags sit there for to be  loaded for a long trip.", "A bunch of bags on a tile floor.", "Three backpacks and some ski poles sitting on the floor."]
["A stuffed bear sitting on the pillow of a bed.", "A stuffed animal sits on a pillow on a bed.", "A white teddy bear sitting on a bed.", "A well-used stuffed animal bunny sitting on a bed.", "A stuffed animal is sitting at the head of the bed."]
["A girl with curly hair and a teddy bear on a bed.", "A person on a bed with a stuffed bear.", "A woman holds a large teddy bear and sits on a bed.", "A women sitting on a bed holding a teddy bear.", "The homely lady hugs her teddy bear tightly because she cannot find a man."]
["a man and woman sitting on a stone bench under umbrellas", "Man and woman with umbrellas seated on a stone bench.", "two people sitting on a rock while holding onto umbrellas ", "A beautiful woman sitting next to a man.", "Two people sitting on a stone bench holding umbrellas."]
["Luggage moves along a conveyor belt at an airport.", "The suitcases are going down the conveyor belt in the airport.", "a bunch of bags are sitting on a conveyor belt", "Several suitcases are rotating through a baggage claim belt.", "A number of suitcases ride on a luggage conveyor belt."]
["Two dogs resting comfortably on a tiled floor.", "a mother husky and pup lying on a white floor with diamond designs", "A couple of dogs laying on the floor of a room.", "Two dogs are lying on the tiled floor together.", "a close up of two dogs laying near each other on a tiled floor"]
["A dog that is laying down holding a stick.", "A dog laying on the floor chewing on a stick.", "Huskie dog chewing on carrot and paying no attention to the camera,", "A husky lays gnawing a stick held between its front paws.", "A white and gray dog chewing on a rawhide."]
["A large black dog standing inside of a kitchen.", "A large black dog in a house next to a pizza.", "Dog looking attentive and alert with pizza in foreground", "A large dog standing next to a pizza.", "a dog stands next to a big pizza "]
["Two bears that are standing together in a field.", "Two bears walking through a large green field. ", "Two large bears roam around a grassy field.", "A couple of brown bears walking across a lush green field.", "Two wooly sheep are in a grassy field."]
["A dog grabs for a Frisbee in the park.  ", "A dog jumping on a frisbee in a yard.", "A dog in the dark is playing with a blue frisbee.", "dog flying in mid-air running after a Frisbee", "A dog that is standing outside on some grass."]
["A young man jumping off a staircase while riding a skate board.", "a man jumping down some steps with his skateboard", "A skateboarder doing a trick above some steps indoors.", "The man is practicing his moves on his skateboard.", "A man riding a skateboard over a stair case."]
["A group of people hanging out together with skateboards.", "People standing on a ramp in an industrial area, with skateboards.", "Young boys on ledge with skateboard  near buildings.", "three male skateboarders standing around talking one is in a black shirt", "three kids standing on a ramp with a skate board"]
["A black and brown car on concrete floor.", "A small dog laying in a pink chair.", "A dog is relaxing outside in a folding chair.", "A large dog sitting in a pink folding camp chair.", "A dog laying in a pink folding camp chair."]
["Two men squatting outside a store looking at a frisbee.", "two men with a yellow frisbee kneeling outside  a jewelry store", "Two men holding luggage and a frisbee on a sidewalk.", "Two men squatting over a bag on a sidewalk looking at a frisbee.", "Two men kneeling on the corner of a street outside of Swarvoski."]
["The big bear is laying down on the rock in the sun. ", "A big brown bear laying on a rock.", "A brown bear laying on a rock with moss growing below.", "a bear laying on the rocks looking all relaxed ", "A brown bear laying up on some big rocks."]
["A cute dog is taking a nap on a very large cushion. ", "A boxer is sleeping on a large plaid dog bed.", "A dog sleeping on a red checked doggie mattress.", "A dog is sleeping on a dog pillow.", "A brown and white boxer dog sleeping on a red and white checker mattress."]
["A bear that is standing in the grass.", "A bear walks through the grass with trees behind.", "A brown bear in the fields with grass", "A large brown bear walking across a lush green field.", "A big brown bear outside on the grass."]
["Frisbee being buriesd in sand by many pairs of feet", "a bunch of peoples feet sit in front of frisbe ", "A group of feet circled around a blue frisbee", "A bunch of peoples feet next to a Frisbee.", "a bunch of feet are around a blue disk"]
["A polar bear is playing with a large chunk of ice.", "A big polar bear playing with a big chunk of ice.", "a polar bear stand on a piece of ice floating in some water ", "A polar bear presses down on a plastic bin in a river.", "the polar bear is holding on to a white case"]
["A dog's head pokes over the foot board of a bed.", "A photograph of a dog sleeping on the bed's rails.", "The top of a tan dog's head with a framed picture of flowers in the background.", "a dog rests its head on a bed ", "A dog with his ear hanging over the side of the bed"]
["Two brown bears walking through a lush tree filled forest.", "Two brown bears in vegetation looking at the camera.", "two bears in a field of tall grass with trees in the foreground", "Two wild, brown bears in a forest field", "Two brown bears standing in wildflowers and grass."]
["A man in red shirt playing on beach with a frisbee.", "A man wearing sunglasses and a red shirt tossing a Frisbee on the beach", "A man on a beach holding a flying disc.", "a close up of a person getting ready to throw a frisbee", "A man who is holding a Frisbee while standing in sand."]
["A man hold a young boy and an orange Frisbee. ", "A man holding a child in his arms with a red frisbee.", "A man in a black hat holding a young boy with an orange Frisbee.", "Child holding frisbee while being held by man.", "A man holds a small boy and an orange Frisbee"]
["An animal eating something on the ground ", "A bear eating a piece of food in rocky area with hay.", "The bear is eating something off of the ground outside.", "A black bear is eating on rocks near hay", "A bear seems to be eating something against the top of his paw."]
["A polar bear licking its paw while grooming.", "a white polar bear drinking water from a water source next to some rocks.", "A polar bear laying on a rock drinking water.", "A polar bear licking its paw in a rocky area with water.", "a close up of a polar bear drinking water"]
["A white polar bar chewing on it's hand.", "A polar bear is sleeping on a concrete surface.", "A white polar bear sleeping with it's paws covering it's face.", "A polar bear holds its face between its paws. ", "A white bear lying down on top of a rock with his pawn close to his face."]
["A man standing on top of a lush green field.", "a few people in a field playing frisbee", "a man standing in the park while holding onto a frisbee ", "a man standing in the grass holding a frisby", "A person with a Frisbee on a field."]
["A man holds a Frisbee at a park.", "A man about to throw a frisbee in the park.", "People playing frisbee while others watch in the distance.", "people playing a frisbee game in a park as onlookers watch", "a group of people in the park play a game of frisbe "]
["A car's side mirror shows a dog sticking his head out of the window.", "A dog hangs its head out the back window of a car.", "Looking at the passenger side mirror to see a dog's head out the window.", "A side view mirror hanging off the side of a car door.", "Dogs love to stick their heads out into the wind when riding in a car."]
["there are two polar bears standing near each other", "A couple of white bears in the snow.", "Two cute polar bears together in a snowy field.", "A pair of polar bears gazing at each other while in a field of snow.", "This polar bear is looking at the polar bear that is laying on the ground."]
["A zebra in a shed with a container next to it", "a weird looking zebra inside a wooden fence", "a small and dirty zebra inside of a corral", "A zebra standing around in a fenced in area. ", "A zebra that looks very similar to a donkey standing next to a smashed up bucket."]
["Two Zebras are standing side by side, eating grass. ", "some zebras eating some grass in a field", "a couple of zebras that are grazing on some grass", "Two zebras eating grass in an empty field", "Three zebras are eating dry greenish brown grass."]
["A painting of a woman holding a blue frisbee.", "a picture for the old woman with long hair", "a painting photoshopped to look like its holding  onto a frisbee ", "A classical painting of a woman with a frisbee photoshopped in.", "A painting of a woman holding a Frisbee."]
["A dog sitting on the floor watching the tv", "a black dog sits watching a television ", "A dog sits with his head cocked, looking at a television.", "Dog sitting close to the tv watching whatever is on the screen", "A dog is sitting in front of a tv that is turned on. "]
["A dog sniffs food in plastic bags in a refrigerator. ", "A dog is eating the food in a fridge. ", "A dog is peeping inside bag of peas kept in the rack.", "A DOG GETTING INTO SOME VEGETABLES IN THE FRIDGE", "a dog sniffs some food in a fridge "]
["The two filaments of matter have been separated from each other.", "A melted and deformed tooth brush sitting on a  cloth.", "A very dark image of a tattered brush on a black surface.", "A partially melted plastic brush lying on fabric.", "something white and frayed on the end a knife "]
["A small child with glasses is playing frisbee.", "a little bow outside in a yard by a bar, playing frisbee", "A black and white photo of a young child throwing a Frisbee.", "Black and white photo of a little boy throwing a frisbee.", "A little boy having just thrown a frisbee"]
["A man holding a frisbee in his hands and biting it with his mouth.", "a man in a vest holding a plate with his mouth", "A boy in a white tank top biting a white frisbee.", "A young man holding a frisbee in his mouth", "Young man biting on a white frisbee while holding it in his left hand."]
["People standing on the grass playing frisbee together.", "Two teams of people are playing Frisbee in an open field. ", "Young adults playing game on grass field using flying disc.", "Young men and women playing frisbee on a grassy field.", "A group of young men playing a game of soccer."]
["A herd of zebra on display inside of a museum.", "A mother zebra feeding a baby zebra while another zebra stands with its head above the mother zebra's back.", "Two adult zebras standing closely together as the young zebra is nursing.", "A herd of zebra out in the open.", "Three zebras crowd around each other in a painting. "]
["A couple of zebra standing on top of a grass covered field.", "A couple of zebras are standing in a field", "Two zebras that are standing in the grass.", "Two zebras gazing on grass seen through trees.", "Two zebras grazing in the grass near trees during the daytime. "]
["A land with a lot of different animals.", "A bunch of dead, stuffed wild animals on display.", "Zebras and several other animals are shown in a painting.", "A herd of zebras, ibex, and wilder beasts on the planes.", "Zebras are standing in the grass near other horned animals.  "]
["A dog in the grass next to a water dish.", "A small brown and white pug laying next to a bowl.", "The dog lies in the grass next to a toy Frisbee.", "A double exposed brown and white dog in the grass.", "A large dog has a collar with clock on it."]
["two zebras some brown and green plants and trees", "A young zebra with one of its parents.", "A large zebra and small zebra are standing by a tree. ", "A mama and baby zebra are standing in a grassy field. ", "A couple of zebra standing on top of a lush green field."]
["a close up of two zebras in a field with a blue background", "there are two statues of zebras at a exhibit", "THERE ARE TWO ZEBRAS THAT ARE STANDING BY EACH OTHER ", "Two dead stuffed giraffe standing next to each other.", "One zebra is resting his head on another zebra's back."]
["A zebra staning in grass and looking at the camera", "a zebra in a field of grass with trees in the background", "A zebra is looking at the camera in a field.", "A zebra standing on its own in a field.", "A Zebra stands in a green field with trees."]
["A group of people on horseback enjoying their trail ride.", "Four people ride horses through the tall grass.", "tHERE ARE THREE MEN THAT ARE RIDING HORSES", "three people are riding horses and a dog", "Several people riding in the woods on horseback."]
["three people riding horses on a beach near a body of water ", "a couple of people that are walking on a beach", "Three people are riding horses along a lake.", "Three people on horses beside a pond under an overcast sky", "Three people on horse walk along the beach shore"]
["A woman standing next to a  white horse in an arena.", "a woman standing next to a white horse at the circus ", "A woman standing next to a horse with a crowd watching.", "a woman and a horse standing before a crowd", "A woman in a skirt is leading a white horse."]
["A herd of zebra standing on a field.", "A group of zebras and water buffalos in a grassy field.", "A herd of animals and zebras next to each other.", "A group of zebra standing near a herd of antelope.", "Buffaloes and zebra grazing together in the field near a lake"]
["there are two zebras eating on a little bit of loose grass", "Two zebras eating grass together in an enclosure.", "a couple of zebras that are eating some grass", "A couple of zebras that are standing in the dirt.", "A couple of zebra standing next to each other."]
["A pack of zebra walking around a grass covered forest.", "Four adult zebras and one baby zebra standing.", "a group of zebras standing in front of some trees", "A small herd of zebras standing in the shade", "five zebras stand in a field of  trees and plants "]
["A group of people riding horses on the beach at sunset.", "A group of horse riders on a beach in a sunset", "People riding horses at the beach at sunset", "People ride horseback as the sun reflects on the ocean at the beach.", "a number of people riding horses on a beach"]
["A zebra standing on a sandy piece of land.", "A zebra stands in an area of dirt beside a grassy field.", "A picture of one zebra standing still on dirt.", "A Zebra is standing in the sand looking on. ", "There is a picture of a zebra standing in dirt"]
["Looking at the back end of a zebra while it's walking.", "A zebra is walking away on sandy ground.", "A zebra walking along a small rural road.", "The zebra has a black stripe down the center of its back.", "A zebra walking in dirt area next to trees."]
["A zebra in the wild walking towards a dirt road.", "A zebra is alone on a dirt area near a cluster of trees.", "zebra walking through some desolate Savanna alone during the day", "A zebra standing on top of a dry grass covered field.", "A Zebra is walking on the ground among bushes and trees. "]
["A man walking an animal across a beach.", "a person standing in the grass off the coast wit a body of water", "A shirtless man walks with a horse near the water.", "A woman out by a body of water walking her pony. ", "A person and a horse are walking along a coast line."]
["A group of people walking across a sandy beach.", "People are taking a horseback ride along the beach as the waves roll in.", "Distance shot of people riding horses on a beach.", "A group of people riding horses on the beach.", "Five people wearing hats horseback riding on a beach. "]
["A zebra that is focusing on something that is on the ground.", "a close up of a zebra near large rocks ", "A zebra grazing on dirt during the daytime. ", "there is a zebra that is eating something from the ground", "A zebra is relaxing near the rocks on a nice day."]
["two horses pulling a bit cart with someone on it ", "two brown black and white horses pulling a man in a cart", "A group of people on the sidewalk watch a man driving a team of horses down a street.", "A group of people marching down a street.", "A man sitting on a carriage being drawn by two horses near a crowd of people. "]
["a horse eating grass from behind a fence", "A horse is standing in the grass with its head over a fence.", "A horse that is enclosed eating grass during the day.", "A horse sticking its head through a wire fence.", "A horse is eating some grass in front of the fence. "]
["A horse eats lush green grass by a wire fence", "A small horse by a barbed wire fence\n", "A horse is enjoying its feeding time behind the fence. ", "A house eats long grass in the field.", "a horse eating grass in a field behind a fence"]
["A young man looking after harnessed horses snacking on grass", "Young teenager watching horses as they take a rest.", "A young boy standing outdoors with two horses.", "THIS IS A PHOTO OF A YOUNG MAN WITH TWO HORSES", "A young box holds a halter for two horses in the woods"]
["THERE ARE HORSES STANDING ON THE GRASS HILL SIDE", "Two horses gaze at their handler while on a mountain", "Two small brown horses standing in front of a rolling valley with hills. ", "Two brown horses standing on a lush green hill.", "Two horses are in the grass tied up."]
["A horse drawn carriage traveling down a street.", "a horse drawn carriage near many buildigns ", "A horse that is pulling a cart behind it.", "a couple of horses that are walking down the road", "A very pretty horse pulling a cart on a street."]
["A woman is looking at a grey horse in the eye.", "A woman and a horse standing in a corral.", "A woman wearing a white shirt holding the face of a white horse.", "A woman standing in front of a horse.", "A woman in the stables rubbing on a horse's face. "]
["A woman riding a horse and taking a picture at sunset. ", "A mythical sky shines brightly behind a woman on a horse.", "A woman sits on a tall horse as the sun begins to set.", "a person riding a horse on an empty field", "A woman riding on a horse in the sun."]
["Woman sitting on a horse in a field.", "A woman on a horse silhouetted by the sun behind.", "a female in a white top some dirt and clouds", "there is a woman that is riding a white horse ", "Woman riding on the back of a grey and black horse. "]
["A man riding a brown horse down a race track.", "A jockey riding a horse around a track", "A jockey is riding a horse in a race", "Bystanders taking pictures of a jockey racing a horse.", "a jockey riding a horse down a track with people watching"]
["A WOMAN STOPS HER CAR ON TH SIDE OF THE ROAD TO FEED A HORSE", "A woman standing in front of a horse in a  pen.", "a woman gets ready to pet a big horse ", "A lady beside her car reaching over a fence to pet a horse.", "Woman outside her car approaching to pet a horse in fence."]
["A couple of horses standing next to each other on a field.", "Two horses standing in a field of grass together.", "Two horses are standing near a large farming machine.", "Two horses stand closely together in a field.", "Two animals stand in a field next to a vehicle. "]
["Two horses racing down a grass track with number 13 horse ahead of the number 9 horse.", "A horse race is in action as two horses round the track.", "Two men racing horses down a racing track.", "A couple of people that are riding some horses.", "A couple of men race horses around a track"]
["A girl that is sitting on a horse.", "Woman riding round a stable on a brown horse.", "There is no image here to provide a caption for.", "there is a young girl riding a brown horse", "A women who is riding on top of a horse."]
["A person on a horse that has a decorated hat on its head and covering it's ears, with another horse next to it that has a mask covering it's eyes.", "a man standing next to a horse wearing blinders", "A man riding on the back of a brown horse.", "Two horses walking in a parade on a hot day.", "A man sitting on a horse next to another horse."]
["Racing horse being guided by an asian man. ", "A racehorse is lead by a man in white pants.", "Man walking horse down a runway for photographers. ", "A man parades a race horse in front of the crowd.", "A jockey is leading his horse while photographers take pictures."]
["a hand sitting on a horse that is being lead by two other people", "A race horse and it's jockey being led by trainers.", "A young man riding a brown horse on a lush green field.", "Jockey on black horse being walked around infield.", "A jockey is on top of his horse number 6."]
["this is a man walking a horse on a track", "A man in a white shirt walking next to a horse.", "a person walking leading a horse behind him", "Man leading a race horse past photographers at an event.", "A man walks a horse, while people take photographs."]
["Cameramen take pictures of a man leading a horse on a track.", "People taking picture of a race horse walking by.", "a person leading a horse on a track", "A security guard walking with a prized horse.", "A race horse being led to race track."]
["A gray horse standing next to a crowd of people.", "gray horse with racing saddle being led past a crowd in front of the track", "A horse with a blue saddle is at a race track. ", "A lean, gray racehorse being led to a track.", "a gray race horse being let by a man"]
["A man rides a horse across an open field.", "A jockey riding a horse around the track.", "A jockey is riding a horse on a track.", "A man in full equestrian attire riding a horse.", "A brown horse with white blaze trotting on the turf of a race course."]
["A well-dressed woman rides a white horse at a racetrack.", "this is a woman riding a white horse", "A woman riding a white horse doing dressage.", "A woman in uniform rides her horse down a track. ", "A woman in formal riding attire on her horse."]
["a woman in an equestrian outfit riding a white horse ", "A woman in a red jacket sits astride a white horse.", "A woman riding a horse while wearing a uniform", "A girl that is sitting on a white horse.", "a woman in red is riding a horse"]
["Two men are riding horses around an arena.", "Two men riding horses in front of a flag.", "Two horse and riders in an areas with a flab poles flying many flags.", "Two men on horseback play polo on a course.", "Horses, and riders pursue the ball in a polo game on a beach."]
["Four people compete on horseback playing playing polo.", "Four players on horseback chase a ball on a beach.", "Many people on horses try to grab a ball on the ground. ", "A group of four guys on top of horses playing polo.", "a few guys are riding horses and playing a game"]
["A man in a leather jacket standing next to a white horse. ", "a man that is standing next to a horse", "A man standing next to a white horse inside of a bar.", "A man is next to a horse in a window.", "a man is standing next to a white horse"]
["Two horses with a barn in the background.", "Two horses standing next to each other in a grassy area.", "The two horses look to the right of the frame.", "Two donkeys are standing in a yard that surrounds a building with pink doors.", "two donkeys standing next to one another by a house"]
["Horse drawn cart with women and children in urban area.", "The horses are pulling the wagon with four passengers", "A man leads a horse cart carrying four people including two ladies with headscarves.", "A view of people that are on a horse ride.", "A man is leading two horses pulling people on a cart"]
["Three beautiful women riding horses on a green field.", "Three women and wearing pink dresses on horses.", "Three young women sitting an show horses in an outdoor arena. ", "Three lavishly dressed Women sit on their horses.", "three women wearing dresses riding horses with a sky background"]
["a statue of a man on a horse outside of england", "Statue of brave forefather overlooking great city below", "a statue of a person riding a horse ", "The soldier on horseback statue stands guard over the city's residences and buildings", "a large statute with a big building in the back ground"]
["Two horses are walking in the snow to their carrier.", "Photograph of an outdoor arena that looks neat.\n", "two horses near a trailer on a snowy surface", "some horses standing by a trailer in the snow ", "A couple of horses standing next to a horse trailer."]
["A white plate with a cut in half sandwich and lettuce.", "A white pleat that contains a bagel with tomato and fish.", "A cut in half sandwich on a plate.", "The sandwich is cut in half on the plate.", "A plate with a sandwich cut in half."]
["a person riding skis on a grassy field", "Someone wearing a white helmet, a black wet suit and water skis in blue water.", "a person on some skis rides on some grass ", "A person riding on top of a board on green grass.", "A woman water boarding in a lake near land."]
["A man in a baseball uniform throwing a baseball bat.", "A pitcher throwing a ball during a baseball game.", "A young man in a baseball uniform throwing a baseball.", "a close up of a baseball player throwing a pitch from the mound", "A BASE BALL PLAYER IS THROWING THE BALL"]
["A baseball player holding a bat towards a ball.", "A base ball player swinging his bat at the ball.", "some baseball players are playing baseball a batter and a catcher", "Batter in mid swing to hit the baseball while catcher reaches out", "A baseball player in action up at bat in a game."]
["A wooden table topped with fruits and vegetables.", "A pile of assorted vegetables are piled onto a wooden table.", "Fruit and vegetables are on a wooden board.", "A table contains an assortment of fruit and vegetables.", "A table full of various vegetables and legumes."]
["close up of three bananas on top of a bowl of fruit", "A bunch of fruit including bananas, oranges and apples.", "a bunch of fruit in a pile with bananas on top.", "a close up of a bowl of fruit like bananas and oranges", "A group of fruit including bananas, apples oranges and pares."]
["Men playing baseball with the batter swinging the bat", "Batter, catcher and umpire during as baseball game", "A baseball player playing baseball in a baseball field.", "a batter swinging at a ball while standing at home plate", "A batter, catcher, and umpire anticipate the next pitch."]
["A fridge full bananas, oranges, onions, eggs and juice", "A shelf filled with organic mango peach juice, bananas, oranges and eggs.", "This cart has oranges, orange juice, eggs, bananas, zucchini, and other items.", "A basket contains juice, fruit, vegetables and eggs.", "A bundle of food items including eggs and fruit in a basket ."]
["A pile of bananas, oranges and pears sitting next to each other.", "Several fruits consisting of a banana, pears and oranges ", "there are many fruits that are seen here together", "Many different fruits are next to each other. ", "a bunch of food is stacked up in a bowl"]
["A table topped with apples, oranges and pears.", "A close up of apples, pears and oranges.", "A bunch of fruit on a blue laced tablecloth.", "A collection of fruit including pears, apples and oranges.", "A collection of apples, pears, and oranges. "]
["A big bunch of bananas will be growing were the bud is.", "A close shot of a banana tree. ", "a plant with an elaborate budding flower attached to it", "A large bunch of still green bananas still hang from a tree", "A purple banana sprout hanging from a tree."]
["two bunches of bananas one yellow and the other red ", "Two bunches of bananas hanging in a market.", "A bunch of plantains hanging in a building.", "Bunches of little bananas handing from a plant.  ", "Some very old looking bananas, next to a tree of fresh ones. "]
["A fresh produce market on a river as a man talks to the woman.", "A person riding a boat on a river full of supplies.", "A few men sit on boats with some fruit on a dock between them.", "an image of a foreign market on boats", "Traditional narrow boats on a river with fruit and people.  "]
["A baseball player playing baseball with a bat.", "A batter is preparing to step up to the plate.", "A professional baseball player warming up with a bat.", " a baseball player holding a bat on a field  ", "A baseball player who is getting ready to bat."]
["Four people skiing down a side of a snow covered slope.", "The skiers are in close competititon, moving downhill", "Four people skiing down a large snowy hlll.", "Skiers race on their skis down the slope covered in snow.", "Four people on skies going down a ski slope."]
["a lady that is on some skies on some snow", "a woman in a hat on skis in the snow", "A happy woman posing on the slopes of a ski resort", "a woman on skis is outside on a snow slope", "A person standing in the middle of a mountain skiing. "]
["A baseball taking a swing at a ball", "A man swinging a baseball bat during a baseball game.", "A man playing baseball in a stadium with spectators.", "A baseball game is in motion as a batter takes a swing.", "Fans in the stands are watching a baseball player swing at a pitch."]
["A baseball player swinging a bat at a baseball.", "one baseball player is watching another player hitting a ball", "A baseball game is being played with the batter up.", "Professional baseball player about to hit the ball", "A hitter striking a ball while playing baseball."]
["There are bunches of bananas hanging from a plant.", "Bananas hanging from a tree near some leaves.", "A banana plant with new banana's blooming on it.", "A large bunch of bananas on a tall tree", "A banana tree filled with lots of unripe bananas."]
["Sliced oranges, a juicer, a glass and a paring knife used to make orange juice.", "Oranges that have been sliced in half next to a cup and juicer.", "Two oranges being cut and turned into orange juice.", "A display of oranges and a juicer with a cutting board.", "an orange cut in half sitting beside a knife"]
["A man's open hand with tiny bananas with sand as the background.", "Someone holding tiny bananas in the palm of there hand.", "a hand is holding some mini bananas and some sand", "Person's hand holding out a little bananas still attached together", "A handing holding a group of small bananas."]
["A moth eating an orange cut in half on a pink plate.", "A multicolored butterfly with it's wings straight up, standing on an orange slice that is on a plate.", "A moth on the top of some tropical fruit sitting in a bowl.", "Brown butterfly standing on top of an orange. ", "A butterfly sits on an open orange. "]
["There is a basket with beautiful flowers and fruit in it.", "a wicker basket with flowers in it ", "A dark colored basket with fake fruit and various flowers in the arrangement.", "A basket holds flowers, twigs, and various fruits. ", "A dark colored wicker basket with some pretty flowers."]
["Three sandwhiches with toppings on them and a cucumber", "a plate with some sandwiches on it ", "Two sandwiches sitting on top of a white plate.", "a vegetable sandwich with cucumber pickle and tomato ", "Sandwich item with meat and vegetables displayed on plate for consumption."]
["A bunch of bananas are sitting next to several pairs.", "A bowl on a table filled with bananas and pears.", "Bananas and other fruits sitting on top of a basket. ", "Some bananas and pears are in a colander bowl.", "black and white picture of bananas and pears in a bowl."]
["A boy in a baseball cap holding baseball mitt. ", "The boy wearing the yellow shirt and hat and baseball mitt is posing for a photo.", "The little league ball player is posing for his picture.", "A young boy with glasses and a base ball glove.", "A boy with a black cap and eyeglasses has a black baseball mitt on his hand."]
["Groups of people moving down road on skis", "A big bunch of skiers in a very big snowy field.", "A group of people that are standing in the snow.", "A group of people walking down a snow covered road.", "a group of people walking in the snow on skis"]
["A group of people standing next to each other.", "many snow skiers in a line posing for a picture", "Several people standing side by side wearing skis.", "A group of skiers stands in a snowy field. ", "A group of individuals pose for the camera on the slopes."]
["A white plate topped with a fruity dessert.", "a desert wrap with bananas, strawberries, and some chocolate", "A white plate full of fruits and many things to eat. ", "a plate of fruits and a crepe on a white dish ", "A delicious fruit-filled dessert on a white plate."]
["Three people are standing on skis on the top of a hill.", "Three ladies with skiing gear standing on snow", "The three men are standing next to each other on skis holding their ski poles.  ", "Three people on skis line up in the snow.", "A group of three people standing on top of a ski slope."]
["A hand holding a bunch of ripe nearly rotten bananas.", "A disembodied hand holds a partially ripe and sunburned banana.", "A close up of a person holding extra ripe bananas. ", "A couple of bananas that are held up by a hand.", "A person holds up a bunch of bananas. "]
["A bunch of four bananas that is turning red.", "The banana being held is brown and orange", "A hand holds a bunch of brown bananas on a table.", "A look at a bunch of bananas that have been frozen.", "A man holds up a bunch of four red bananas."]
["A man going of a jump while skiing ", "A skier in the air after going over a ski mogul", "A skier in mid air on a ski slope. ", "A snow skier jumping off of a small ramp on the slope.", "A man who is making a jump on snow skis."]
["A baseball player standing next to home plate.", "A group of men on a field playing baseball.", "A batter, catcher and umpire in a baseball game.", "A batter on the field at a baseball game", "A baseball player holding a bat with catcher and umpire."]
["The snow is very crowded with snow skiers.", "Some people are standing around with skis and a building.", "Many skiers and people without skis waiting together.", "A bunch of people skiing on the snow during the day.", "Many people stand with their skis on the snow."]
["A pizza that is laying down on a plate.", "A slice of food is lying on a plate.", "a delicious looking pizza with a bunch of vegetables on it", "A very close up image of some tasty looking pizza.", "A slice of vegetable pizza on a white plate."]
["A close up of a hamster in its cage.", "A hamster eating food inside of a cage.", "A dwarf hamster in a cage eating broccoli and carrots. ", "A rodent is coming out of a tube in a cage.", "A HAMSTER IN HIS CAGE IS EATING BROCCOLI"]
["A variety of vegetables are spread over some kind of grill.", "a small shelve with vegetables laid out across it", "Many carrots are stacked next to onions and broccoli.", "A farmers sets up his fresh vegetables to sell on the side of the road", "Some garden vegetables are on an outdoor bench."]
["A close up picture of chocolate cake and icing.", "A piece of cake on a plate with a fork.", "A meal cooking inside of a black frying pan.", "A slice of meatloaf with cheese is on a plate. ", "Peanut butter and chocolate cake served on a black plate."]
["A man is selling bananas outside in a lot.", "A man that is standing near bags of bananas.", "a man is standing next to a bunch of bananas", "An older man is selling banannas outside in the parking lot.", "A man standing next to various bags of bananas on a table"]
["Fresh fruit and vegetables have been gathered from the market", "A bunch of vegetables and fruit arranged on a table. ", "An assortment of healthy fruits and vegetables that include cauliflower, pasta, cherry tomatoes, broccoli, potatoes and blueberries.", "A group of vegetables and fruits including Broccoli.", "A large selection of veggies are piled together on a table. "]
["A small pizza split into six slices with one missing.", "A pizza sitting on top of a wooden cutting board with a slice missing.", "THIS IS A PARTIALLY EATEN VEGGIE THIN CRUST PIZZA", "A pizza that is sitting on a wooden board.", "Most of a flat bread pizza topped with vegetables."]
["A dish of broccoli is sitting on a plate.", "A dish of broccoli sits on a a printed paper on a white plate.", "A bowl of broccoli that is on a plate.", "There is a small serving of broccoli and cheese.", "A healthy vegetable dish with broccoli is served."]
["There is some tuna and a potato on a white plate. ", "A white plate with a serving of food on it", "A white plate topped with a meat and veggie mixture ext to a potato.", "There appears to be only a small portion of food, or perhaps most of the meal has been eaten from a plate that still holds what appears to be a cooked potato and a mixture of creamed meat and vegetables. ", "The healthy meal is ready to be eaten on the plate."]
["a person eating a banana with chocolate on the ground", "there is a half eaten banana and a small jar of nutella", "Someone who is enjoying some nutella on a banana for lunch.", "A person holding a banana covered in Nutella.", "A person eating a banana with nutella on it."]
["On a baseball field a player wearing white and a player with a black shirt and white pants are near each other.", "Two baseball players look in the same direction. ", "A baseball player standing on a field wearing a catchers mitt.", "Two male baseball players with baseball mitt on the field ", "two baseball players standing close to the base "]
["A baseball game is happening as people look on. ", "The action during baseball as the pitcher throws", "A group of baseball players that are standing in the field.", "A game of baseball is being played while a crowd looks on. ", "Some players in action in a baseball game."]
["A baseball player has swung his bat during a game. ", "The baseball was caught in the umpires glove. ", "Baseball players run after a ball during a game.", "A baseball player is holding a bat at a game", "The umpire calls a play during a baseball game"]
["A man does a grind on the curb with his rollerblades", "A man jumping off a block with wood on it.", "the man is riding his skates on the rail", "A man riding roller skates on the side of a wall.", "A man wearing a helmet is performing stunts while rollerblading."]
["a kid is doing a skateboard trick down some stairs", "A boy on a skateboard going down stairs ", "A man jumping in the air on a skateboard.", "A man jumping a skateboard over the top of some steps.", "A young man is trying to pull off a skateboarding trick. "]
["A man riding a skateboard on a parking lot.", "A boy doing tricks in the air on his skateboard. ", "Boy with legs out stretched taking a jump with a skate board.", "a teen boy jumping in the air with his skateboard at a parking lot ", "A boy performing a trick with his skate board."]
["A group of people cross country skiing in forest.", "A group of cross country skiers in a line going up a trail that is covered in snow.", "Several people on skies travel a snowy pathway between patches of dirt.", "A group of skiers traveling up a snowy slope.", "several people on skis are walking single file"]
["A skateboarder flips his skateboard in mid air.", "A boy jumping high in the air with his skatebosrd", "A man flipping up in air with a skateboard above a ramp. ", "Spectators watching a skateboarder doing an aerial feat at outdoor show.", "A person doing an upside down skateboard trick."]
["A person on a skateboard does an air trick.", "A person jumping up into the air with a skateboard.", "A skater is jumping in the air with a skateboard.", "a person jumping in the air with a skateboard.", "Skateboarder performing aerial trick on partly cloudy day."]
["Two skateboards with neon green wheels and no one riding.", "two skate boards near one another on a bright background", "Two skateboards sitting on the rug in a room.", "Two skateboards sitting on the ground with green wheels.", "Two skate boards with a pair of neon wheels."]
["Two skate boards sitting side by side next to each other on a floor.", "Two skateboards next to each other on an indoor floor.", "Two very colorful skateboards are photographed side-by-side on a white carpet. ", "Two skateboards sitting next to each other on carpet.", "A picture of two skateboards on the carpet."]
["a girl wearing a safety helmet getting on a skate board ", "A young girl is riding a skateboard with a helmet. ", "a small kid rides on a skate board down a path ", "a small child is skateboarding in a driveway", "A little girl that is standing on a skateboard."]
["A counter top in a kitchen topped with fruits and vegetables.", "Zucchini, strawberries, beans and broccoli sit on a table together", "a tan table with some vegetables and strawberries", "A kitchen counter covered with fruits and vegetables.", "zucchini, bean, broccoli and a small basket of strawberries on the counter."]
["A couple on skies in the snow outdoors.", "A snowboarder and a skier standing together in the snow.", "Two people standing in a snowy field with tree behind them.", "A couple of people in the snow on skis.", "A woman standing next to a man on a snow covered ski slope."]
["people are skiing down a large snowy mountain ", "Two skiers skiing between trees down a snowy hill.", "Two skiers going down a ski slope in the woods.", "a person riding skis on a snowy surface ", "A man riding skis down the side of a snow covered slope."]
["a group of people in ski wear on a snow covered surface.", "Those are big goofy looking glasses but they are for safety.", "Children attending a lesson at a ski school", "a group of children riding skis on a snowy surface", "A group of people riding skis down a snow covered slope."]
["A group of people flying over the top of a snow covered ski slope.", "a group of skiers jumping off of a snowy hillside.", "A group of people are skiing down a slope.", "Tree skiers taking a jump over a hill on a ski slope.", "A group of people skiing on a slope "]
["The skier caught some air while going down the hill. ", "A skier in the air coming off a jump with a mountain in the background.", "A skier in the snow, tree and mountains.  ", "A skier attempts a jump down a path on a mountain", "The skier jumps in the air coming down the snowy mountain slope."]
["A skier is jumping down a snow covered mountain.", "a man jumping down part of a track while skiing down a hill ", "This skier has just jumped from a ski slope.", "A person in a mid air jump while skiing on a snowy slope.", "A skier is mid air hopping over a hill of snow."]
["A group of people riding skis on a snow covered summit.", "a group of people riding skis on a snowy slope", "Skiers are skiing alongside an obstacle course. ", "Snowy mountain with cross country skiers in the valley.", "A mountain range with skiers going down the slope."]
["A plate full of meat, vegetables and rice.", "A BBQ steak on a plate next to mashed potatoes and mixed vegetables.", "A gorgeous steak is shown on a platter flanked by grilled vegetables and couscous.", "A steak and vegetable meal on a plate.", "A plate full of food containing broccoli, carrots, rice and a steak."]
["Various exotic fruits adorn a wooden surface. ", "Large group of apples sitting on top of a stone. ", "An apple sitting next to a green plant.", "a group of weird looking vegetables sitting on a table", "A number of fruits and nuts on a stone"]
["A hamster in a glass container with a piece of broccoli. ", "A brown rat on a feeding from a bowl with broccoli", "a rat stuck in a mason jar with broccoli ", "A cute little brown mouse in a jar with broccoli.", "A mouse and a piece of broccoli in a glass container"]
["A skier flying down a snow covered ski slope ", "A man skiing down a mountain on a modified ski.", "a monoskier skiing down a slope in full gear.", "A man skiing down a mountain using modified skis.", "A picture of a guy skiing down a slope."]
["A woman in a colorful shirt is skiing while holding poles.", "A person on some skis in the snow.", "A young person stands in the snow with skis and poles.", "A little girl in ski gear outside in the snow skiing on a hill. ", "A woman riding skis on the side of a snow covered ski slope."]
["Different kinds of food rest on a plate.  ", "The plate of fried meat has a side of broccoli with it. ", "A close up view of some food on a plate.", "Chicken, broccoli, and beans sit together on a plate.", "A close up of orange chicken on a plate with broccoli and tomatoes. "]
["A man sitting at a table with a plate of broccoli.", "A man sitting at a table with a plate of food.", "He doesn't look very happy to be having only broccoli for dinner.", "Asian man sitting at a table with plate of broccoli  ", "A man sitting at a table about to enjoy a bowl of steamed broccoli."]
["A woman brushing her teeth while riding a skateboard.", "A man riding his skate board down the street .", "There is a skateboarder riding in the street", "The young man is riding his skateboard down the street. ", "a guy skateboarding down a road with something in his mouth"]
["A boy doing a trick with a skateboard from a ledge.", "A man jumping in the air on a skateboard.", "A skateboarder performs a trick while another person photographs the stunt.", "A young male on a skate board doing a trick in the air.", "A man in white shirt doing a skateboarding trick."]
["A skateboarder holds out his arms as he pops up the front of his board while standing on the back.", "a person with a skate board doing a stunt", "A person on a skateboard performing a trick.", "The boy is skating down the street on his skateboard.", "A person riding a skateboard on the street."]
["black and white image of a kid doing skate board tricks on street in front of a fence", "A stylized photo of a person performing a trick on a skateboard.", "A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "A person doing a skateboard trick on the pavement.", "Young skateboarder flipping the skateboard during a trick. "]
["A man riding a skateboard flipping it into the air.", "A person doing a kick flip on a skateboard.", "A skateboarder doing a jump trick with his skateboard.", "A person skateboarding on a city street  in the sun", "Young man skateboarding, jumping up with skateboard also in the air."]
["A boy on a skateboard is jumping over a red obstacle.", "Guy in the air doing a jumping trick on a skateboard. ", "Boy airborne on a skateboard at an indoor skate park.", "A young man skateboarding at an indoor skate park.", "A teenage boy makes a skateboard jump in a hallway."]
["Different foods are neatly arranged in a bowl ready to eat.", "a bowl filled with apple slices and finely shredded carrots ", "A salad in a wooden bowl and serving utensils", "A bowl filled with fresh fruit and vegetables.", "there is a large bowl of food on top of a table"]
["the man is holding up to his face food ", "The man bites into a huge chicken fried steak sandwich.", "A man is squinting as he eats a beef sandwich between bread.", "a man holds on to a big chicken sandwich ", "A man holding a sandwich in both of his hands up to his mouth."]
["A man standing on a skateboard on paved area, near people sitting in chair or on ground cover with boxes and bags, and a truck in background.", "A man rides a skateboard while wearing a skirt.", "A man wearing glasses, a scarf, and skirt is riding a skateboard.", "A bald man rides a skateboard in the street.", "A man wearing sandals and loose dressings rides a skateboard on a crowded sidewalk."]
["A very long submarine sandwich sitting on a table next to bottles of alcohol.", "A large sub sandwich sits on a buffet table.", "A very long sandwich graces a table set for a party.", "A large hoagie sandwich laying on a doily on a table.", "A very long submarine sandwich sits on a table."]
["Shelves filled with fresh vegetables of every kind.", "A myriad of vegetables on an outdoor grill.", "A fresh assortment of vegetables set out in bundles. ", "A market stall sells a selection of fresh produce.", "Several racks of various freshly picked and bunched produce."]
["A woman holding two halves of a banana sandwich.", "A woman holding some food in her hand.", "A woman holding a basket with sandwich in it. ", "A woman is getting ready to eat a sandwich.", "a lady is holding a banana sandwich on checkered paper"]
["A white plate on top of a table covered in food.", "Lunch of a panini with olives and a tall beer.", "There is a table with food on the table", "a plate of sandwiches and a large mug of beer", "some food is sitting next to a beer on a table"]
["Water reflects in the panels of a building as a skateboarder rides on the boardwalk.", "A group of people standing outside of a very tall building.", "A group of boys skateboarding next to a glass building and some water.", "Boys riding their skateboards outside in front of a building. ", "Several skateboarders performing stunts in front of a modern building."]
["A desk holds a computer and leftover food containers.", "A messy office is equipped with a view of a rooftop and skyscrapers.", "Small office workspace with multiple computer monitors and office equipment. ", "a work desk with a laptop and a monitor on top", "An office with a cluttered desk and large window."]
["A computer desk has some shoes under it.", "A table with a computer, lamp, a couple of drinks and assorted books.", "The home office includes a desktop computer.and a lamp.", "a brown table a keyboard a monitor a lamp and other items", "A desk with a black keyboard, monitor and lamp."]
["A desktop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "a small desk with a computer and camcorder next to it. ", "A desktop computer in front of a chair with a leopard blanket.", "A room contains a tripod, a computer, a desk and chair.", "A very wildly decorated and colorful desk with a computer on it. "]
["A crowd of skiers gathers on the top of the slopes.", "A photo of dozens of people on skis and snowboards and a mountain resort.", "many skiers are coming down a hill and a lodge", "Several people skiing in front of ski lodge.", "Several people on skis in the snow outside of a lodge."]
["a bunch of potatoes and tomatoes grilled together", "A very tasty looking cheese and vegetable dish", "The person is eating the fruit with a fork.", "A person eating a plate of vegetables with a fork.", "A salad of tomato, squash and herbs is being eaten with a fork."]
["A man in an inflatable sumo suit walking by with a snowboard.", "A man in a large padded sumo costume carrying a snowboard across the snow.", "A person in a Sumo wrestler suit walking with a snowboard.", "A man wearing a sumo wrestler outfit holding a pair of skis.", "Someone in an enormous fat puffy suit carrying a snowboard."]
["A plate that has different types of food on it.", "A plate with samples of different types of dishes.", "A plate of several different types of sauces and food items", "A dinner plate with a selection of Middle Eastern food.", "A dinner plate with food carefully arranged around the rim and in the center of the plate."]
["A man making a goofy face while sitting near a cake.", "a man is making a weird face in glasses", "A man with a knife about to cut a cake in foil", "A man making an odd face while looking at a cake.", "A man brandishing a knife at a cake with a caption reading \"cut the cake\"."]
["A man in his ski gear is in the deep snow. ", "Silhouette is an snow broader gliding downhill  ", "there is a snowboarder that is riding down a hill", "The snowboarder is enjoying his trip down the mountain.", "Someone skiing in the snow at night time"]
["an assortment of cooking utensils including a measuring cup and scissors", "There are several kitchen utensils left out on the counter.", "A counter top covered in bottles and cooking utensils.", "A desk with various bar paraphernalia and bitters.", "Knife, scissors, and bottles set out amongst other items for cocktail making"]
["Many people skiing and snowboarding in the snow.", "A large group of people sking down and around a small ski slope.", "A bunch of people are on standing on a ski slope.", "A group of skiers and snow sport fans in the snow.", "there are many people snowboarding down a hill"]
["Skiers on slope in mountains on sunny day.", "a group of people riding down a snow covered slope.", "Skiers at the bottom of a mountain talking.", "Several people are skiing along on a snowy field.", "A group of people ski on a snowy mountain."]
["A group of skiers in the mountains reach a sign.", "Skiers at the bottom of a large mountain,", "Multiple skiers on the snowy slopes in a mountainous area.", "a snowy mountain landscape with a group of people on skis", "A group of people that are skiing in the snow."]
["several people on the top of a mountain with skis", "Several people around signs on a snowy hill, some skiing, some walking", "Some men on skis and some men walking on a snowy hill. ", "A group of people standing on top of a snow covered slope.", "A couple of people walking on top of a peak by others on skis."]
["a number of people riding skis on a snowy surface", "a line of people in ski wear and skis standing on a snow bank.", "Five skiers are standing in the snow near each other.", "A group of people on skis stand in a line.", "an image of a group of men that are skiing down a slope"]
["A small bowl of peppers on a counter.", "Red and Green Peppers on Veggie Tray with carrots and beans", "Peppers, carrots and peas arranged in a bowl.", "The peppers, carrots and peas are in a bowl.", "a plate of chilies with carrots and peas"]
["A skier dressed in red on the slopes during a snow storm.", "a person in  a red suit skiing while it is snowing", "A person cross country skis on a snowy day.", "A woman in a red snow suit skiing. ", "A person standing on skis in the snow."]
["A person holds a hotdog and a bag of chips.", "A hotdog that is being held on top of a bag.", "A person holding a hot dog and some other food in one hand", "A long hot dog is shown in it's bun at a ball park.", "A pudgy man holds a huge hot dog and chips."]
["A couple of hot dogs that are next to a stuffed dinosaur.", "A stuffed animal that is next to some hot dogs.", "A stuffed animal sits next to two hot dogs in buns.", "Two hot dogs, wrapped in paper, and a stuffed reptile are just lying around.", "A green stuffed toy inside of a plastic container next to a hot dog."]
["A little girl wearing protective gear rides a skateboard.", "A young lady riding a skateboard in a parking garage with ripped jeans.", "Little girl wearing lots of purple standing on skateboard.", "Little girl in a helmet riding a skateboard.", "A girl with a helmet on is on a skateboard."]
["A man on a skateboard in front of a camera that has been set up.", "People at a ramp setting up camera equipment.", "Two men skateboarding with a light and a camera. ", "a person riding a skate board near a skate park", "Two skateboarders with camera equipment in a cement ditch."]
["A man riding a skateboard in a river bed.", "A boy is skateboarding in a concrete culvert.", "The skateboarder is standing in an empty aqueduct.", "A skateboarder holding up his skateboard by its back with one foot in dry cement ditch.", "A male wearing black pants and a black hoodie stands with one foot on a skateboard inside a skate park"]
["This expert skateboarder is skateboarding on a railing.", "Young boy doing a skateboard trick on a stair rail.", "A person is riding a skateboard down the stairs.", "A person on a skateboard does a trick on a rail.", "a person riding a skate board on a hand rail"]
["Young teenage boy on his skateboard on the street with people on the curb.", "a guy taping  another person doing a skateboarding jump ", "a man performs a skating trick as someone records it ", "A man recording another man while he is skateboarding.", "The boy is riding a skateboard off a skate ramp."]
["A blue snowboard sitting on top of a snow covered slope.", "a blue and purple board sitting on the ground", "The snowboard is laid on it's edge in the snow.", "A blue surfboard is lying in the sand and the ocean is in the background", "A blue snowboard laying on the side of a mountain."]
["A hot dog on a newspaper has a mustard on it. ", "A hotdog is in a bun covered in cheese.", "A hot dog covered in cheese on top of a plate.", "A freshly made foot long hot dog with mustard on a plate", "The hot dog is longer than the bun and has nacho cheese squeezed onto it. "]
["The hot dog, side, and drink are sitting on the table.", "A hotdog, french fries, coffee and a packet of ketchup and mustard sitting on a tray. ", "A very long thin hot dog is on a fast food carton.", "a foot long hotdog on a small bun some tater tots and some coffee", "a large hot dog with side cup of coffee"]
["Hot dogs with ketchup and plain chips ", "Two hot dogs and chips on a paper plate.", "A white paper plate topped with two hot dogs and chips.", "Two hot dogs with ketchup are served with potato chips. ", "A pair of hotdogs in buns sit on a plate with chips."]
["A pair or hot dogs sitting on a white plate next to condiments.", "a hot dog covered with mustard resting on a plate", "A plate with hotdog sandwiches and macaroni and cheese.", "A couple of foot long hot dogs sitting on top of a plate.", "the hot dog is in a bun and has ketchup on it "]
["Some is holding a bottle of wine next to a huge hot dog covered in chili.", "A person is holding a bottle and a hotdog.", "A chili dog and a bottle of liquor are being held up side by side.", "A person holds a beverage and a chili dog.", "THERE IS A HOT DOG AND A BOTTLE NEXT TO IT "]
["The snow boarder is near the top of the ramp.", "The man is snowboarding down the hill outside in the snow.", "A snowboarder snowboarding in a green jersey with a camera on his head.", "A person is having some fun in the snow. ", "A snowboarder with a camera mounted to his helmet. "]
["A man is doing a trick on a snowboard.", "A snowboarder performing a trick on a snowboard.", "A snowboarder boards down a hill with a lot of snow", "Snowboarder rounding top of sloped edge in ski area.", "a person in red is snowboarding on a hill"]
["A man riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.", "an image of a person on skiis going the slope", "a snow boarder doing a small jump by the side of a hill ", "a person jumping a snow board in the air", "A snowboarder does a trick in the air."]
["A man with sunglasses on with sandwich at a table.", "A guy with some dark glasses holding food.", "The guy wearing the sunglasses is eating a sandwich. ", "A man in sunglasses holding a sub sandwich", "A man with large sunglasses has a sandwich."]
["A woman that is sitting down in the snow.", "A person sits in the snow near pairs of skis.", "a person sitting next to a bunch of skis standing in the snow ", "A person sitting on the snow around ski equipment.", "A person sitting in the snow near several skis and poles. "]
["A large sandwich filled with sausages on a tray.", "A double layer hot dog sandwich with cheese ", "The huge sandwich has two sausages and a side of hush puppies.", "A large sandwich topped with an American flag.", "A double decker hot dog with cheese on top."]
["A person in orange jacket doing trick on a snowboard.", "A snowboarder doing a trick on the slopes.", "attempting a back flip on a snowboard down a mountain", "Snowboarder doing a flip while going down the hill.", "Snow boarder in mid-flight, inverted, with a steep snowy slope in the background."]
["Two skiers in the snow out in the open ", "Two skiers travel past a vast field of blowing snow.", "A couple of men riding skis on a snow covered slope.", "Two people dressed in snow gear with ski and poles walking through the snow. ", "Two people with backpacks skiing on snow covered slopes."]
["A plate of food sits on a counter top.", "A plate of food sitting on a table next to a knife and fork on a napkin and a couple cups.", "pasta salad and a burger on a plate", "A plate topped with a sandwich and salad on a table.", "a meal is set comprised of salad and a burger"]
["A guy making a small jump on a ski slope.", "A man flying through the air while riding skis.", "A hilly, snowy wilderness features a house in the distance, while in the foreground resides one active and one inactive skier.", "A skiier in mid-air going down a hill.", "a man on skis jumping down part of a hill "]
["A woman smiling while holding a sandwich while sitting down.", "A smiling woman has a hot dog in her hand.", "The woman is laughing as she gets ready to eat the sandwich.", "Laughing woman about to eat a hot dog", "A woman smiling with a hot dog in her hand"]
["The view of a tall snow covered mountain with people on it.", "The mountain top is covered with white snow.", "A snowy mountain side with some people walking.", "A snow mountain being used for winter sports.", "People are walking up the slopes of a snow covered mountain."]
["Hot dog with onion, mustard, pickle and ketchup.", "The sandwich is stuffed with meat and vegetables.", "A sandwich with chopped vegetables sits in a cardboard container.", "A hot dog in a paper container covered in ketchup and toppings.", "A hoagie with meat, onions, mustard, ketchup, and relish."]
["a sugar glazed donut on a brown and white plate", "A cardboard box containing a reef of glazed donuts.", "A glazed doughnut that laying on a napkin.", "There is a glazed donut on the table.", "a desert is ready to be eaten by someone"]
["There are many flavors of donuts on the paper.", "there are several different mini donuts in this box", "There are all different kinds of doughnuts to eat.", "A tissue paper topped with lots of different flavored donuts.", "A group of assorted pastries with various toppings."]
["A man riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.", "A skier rides a skiboard down a snowy slope.", "A man on a snowboard smiles at the camera as he goes down the hill. ", "A snowboarder and dressed in full winter gear riding down a hill.", "a person is on a snow board skiing down a slope"]
["A couple of sandwiches are piled high with vegetables.", "Two burger sandwiches on top of a table.", "Two sandwiches with toppings sitting on a table. ", "A wooden table with two plates holding sandwiches.", "A couple of plates of food that is on a table."]
["A person holding a sandwich filled with lettuce.", "A hand holding a bun with lettuce with a basket in the background.", "A sandwich full of lettuce in a hand", "Person holding up a sandwich they're about to eat over the table", "a close up of a person holding food"]
["A tray with a donut and coffee on it ", "A brown tray topped with a doughnut and a cup of coffee.", "A tray displaying a donut and coffee is shown while a person checks their cell phone.", "A tray of food sits on a table.", "A tray with a doughnut and a cup of coffee on it."]
["Two donuts sitting on a brown paper wrapper.", "Two delicious donuts sitting on a brown paper bag.", "Two donuts, one plain, one iced, sit on a paper bag.", "Two doughnuts in a bag that is one frosted and one not.", "One cake doughnut and one doughnut topped with icing"]
["A plate containing several donuts with frosting and powdered sugar.", "a close up of two half frosted french krueller donuts", "A white plate of doughnuts on a table.", "Two big donuts one with chocolate and powdered sugar the other with strawberry and powdered sugar.", "Two cruller donuts, one half dipped in chocolate and the other in strawberry, on a plate."]
["A group of people standing in the snow holding empty boxes.", "A pile of pizza boxes and soda packages with people standing around it.", "People line up in the snow for pizza and soda. ", "People lined up on the sidewalk with pizza boxes laying in the snow.", "A pile of garbage sits on snow while crowds of people are on the sidewalk."]
["A young man is handing a slice of pizza to a woman outdoors with people standing in line close to several buildings and trees.", "A man handing a slice of pizza on a plate to a young girl.", "A man handing out slices of pizza to protesters", "A man giving out pizza slices on the road.", "A man handing out pizza in the middle of an inner city on a snowy winter day."]
["A picture of jell filled donuts, chocolate covered donuts and donuts with sprinkles.", "A white box holding donuts with glaze and frosting.", "Several different flavored donuts together in a box.", "A assortment of doughnuts with chocolate , glaze and sprinkles", "Box full of many different types of donuts."]
["Person standing in waist high snow area alone.", "A man walking through the snow holding a snowboard.", "a snowboarder wearing a back pack sitting in the snow ", "A person standing alone in a pile of snow.", "A person sitting in the snow with a snow board."]
["A sandwich sitting on top of a large wooden block.", "Assorted food items displayed on butcher block in kitchen.", "A cut in half sandwich on a wooden board.", "A sandwich and other foods are on a cutting board.", "Lunch sits on a wooden block, with bread and meat."]
["An adorable little girl eating half a sandwich.", "A young child  eating pieces of ripped bread", "This is an image of a baby eating a sandwich", "The child eating a bagel at a restaurant.", "A young girl who is eating a piece of bread."]
["A man sitting at a table eating donuts.", "A man holding a plate with a donut and other food item on it.", "A man in sunglasses and jacket holding a plate of food.", "Man in sunglasses and leather jacket with a plate of donuts.", "A man with sunglasses is holding a plate of donuts."]
["Large amounts of desserts set on different platters. ", "Party food is sitting in containers and plates on top of a stove.", "Various food sitting on the top of a gas stove.", "A plate filled with cake next to doughnut holes and other treats.", "Prepared finger foods set on top of a stove."]
["a man and a kid that has a soccer ball ", "A man and a little boy playing with a basket ball", "A man hunched over a young boy with a ball.", "A man and a young boy with a soccer ball.", "A man helping a boy line up a soccer ball to kick."]
["A man with glasses holding a donut while seated on a desk", "A person wearing all black is holding up a sandwich.", "A guy posing for a picture before eating his burger. ", "The man is holding up a donut while sitting on a bench.", "A boy sitting on a bench holding a donut in his hand."]
["A woman sitting at a table having a drink.", "A woman with a small donut and a mug with beverage.", "A girl poses with a donut over her eye in front of a mojito.", "A girl holding a small doughnut up to her eye.", "A woman looks through the hole of a small cookie while at a restuarant."]
["a man that is eating some kind of food", "Man eating a pastry in an office setting.", "A man about to take bit of desser I'm building", "A man eating food in an office with plastic cutlery", "A man who is holding some food near his mouth."]
["The basketball player is jumping to take a shot.", "In a gymnasium, a group of young men reach high for a basketball.", "A group of young men playing basketball in gymnasium.", "A group of guys playing a basketball game together", "A group of kids on a court playing basketball."]
["A group of men who are playing basketball together.", "Two basketball teams playing a basketball game in a stadium.", "A small crowd watches a basketball game from the stands. ", "baskeball players on the court dressed in orange or white ", "A player is passing a basketball to a teammate."]
["A laptop on the top of a surfboard.", "An open laptop computer sitting on a wooden table.", "A compute generated image of a laptop on a surfboard.", "A laptop with a picture of the earth on its screen while sitting on a surfboard.", "A digital picture of a laptop on a yellow surfboard."]
["The girl is about to kick a soccer ball.", "Few people standing on a field near the mascot. ", "A girl kicking a soccer ball by some people and a Mascot.", "a bunch of people that are playing some soccer", "A few people and a mascot on a soccer field."]
["People at the beach surfing on a sunny day.", "People at he beach with a girl entering the water while holding a surfboard.", "a few people entering the waves with their surf boards", "A man is attempting to run into the ocean to surf", "Several people wait in the water with surfboards. "]
["People playing and people watching a game of basketball. ", "A group of basketball players playing a game of basketball.", "Two ladies' basketball teams jockey for position and wait for a shot to fall.", "a group of people playing a game of basketball ", "A group of female basketball players playing basketball as the referee and spectators watch"]
["A HAM SANDWICH WITH LETTUCE IN A PAPER BAG", "A yummy sandwich on ciabatta bread with meat and vegetables.", "A sandwich containing meat and cheese inside of a bag.", "a hero sandwich with prosciutto and other ingredients inside a sandwich bag", "A sandwich with prosciutto and artisan bread sits inside a bag."]
["Children playing in a soccer competition on a grass field.", "A children's soccer game in the middle of the day.", "Some young people playing soccer in a field.", "A group of young people playing a game of soccer.", "There is a youth soccer game on the field."]
["A group of young ladies kicking around a soccer ball.", "a group of small children playing soccer in an open field next to the trees", "A group of girls playing soccer outside on a sunny day.", "a group of people that are kicking a ball around", "Children are playing soccer on a grassy field."]
["a kid on a surf board rides some waves ", "A man is riding a surfboard on the water.", "A man surfing on small waves while two people swim in the background.", "Man riding small wave near populated area port.", "A man riding a surfboard on top of a wave."]
["People standing up against their upright surf boards on the beach.", "Some young boys with surf boards standing on the beach", "four people standing in front of three surf boards at beach", "Three surfers standing with their surfboards on the beach.", "A couple of young men standing in front of large surf boards."]
["a man standing on a surfboard near the shore", "A young man is standing in the water on a surfboard.", "a person riding a surf board on a body of water ", "A man in a yellow shirt is surfing through the waves.", "A smiling man is surfing in a low surf."]
["A man is surfing down a waterway in front of a stone bridge as a crowd watches from above.", "some people are riding surf boards in rapids", "A young man riding a river next to a bridge in a forest.", "People are riding waves on water from under a bridge while others watch.", "Man in the rapids with others looking on from a bridge."]
["a woman surfing as a man comes to join her ", "people surfing on a river and others carrying a surfing board", "A surfer rides a wave on a fast moving river.", "One person is surfing while another is walking on the edge of the river. ", "A young man walking along a river bank near a woman riding a surfboard."]
["A table topped with sandwiches and a salad.", "On this plate there is a sandwich with a bite out of it and a salad. ", "Lunch at the cafe that includes a sandwich and salad.", "A sandwich with a bite taken out of it and a side salad.", "A lunch of salad, loaf of bread and panini sandwich."]
["A display window with glasses that look like cup cakes.", "a ceramic set of two cups and a cake which is probably a sugar bowl", "Mugs and a teapot designed to look like cakes.", "a table that has some glass bowls on it", "Cake themed ceramic cups set on a table"]
["A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A person surfs a wave in a body of water. ", "A man on a surfboard riding a wave in the ocean ", "A man on a surfboard riding a wave in the ocean. ", "A surfer rides a large wave in the ocean."]
["Surfer heads to the sea with his surfboard", "A lone surfer carrying a surfboard out into the water.", "a surfer in a wet suit is walking out towards the waves", "Shadowed image of surfer with surfboard riding the wave.", "Surf boarder standing on a surfboard in calm water."]
["A large wave carries a brave surfer in the crashing surf.", "Surfers in different stages around a breaking wave.", "Surfer riding breaking wave at ocean with other surfers nearby.", "Three surfers enjoying the waves at the beach.", "Several surfers in the water beneath a blue sky."]
["A man and a woman floating on a surfboard in the ocean.", "A man and girl that are sitting on a surfboard.", "there is a man an a woman on a pink surf board", "A man and a woman sitting on a surfboard in the water. ", "A man and a woman in the ocean on a surf board."]
["A woman in a wet suit is carrying her surfboard in the water.", "A surfer in a wetsuit walks through the water carrying her white board.", "A woman walks out of the ocean carrying her surfboard.", "A surfer with surfboard wading through the surf.", "Individual is doing something at the moment that is intriguing.\n"]
["Four forks and a spoon poised over an intricately decorated cake in a box", "The cake is on the table and ready to be eaten. ", "Forks and a spoon hovering over a small cake with writing on it.", "some forks pointing at a cake with some asian writing on the top of it ", "A cake with Japanese writing with forks about to dig in."]
["A young boy tossing a soccer ball across a field.", "A LITTLE BOY BLOCKING A BALL FROM THE GOAL", "A child on a field blocking a soccer ball.", "A boy preventing the other team from making a goal", "A young boy deflecting a soccer ball away from the net."]
["The interior of a studio apartment decorated with various pieces of furniture.", "A hotel bedroom that has a bed and tv and furniture.", "A studio apartment with sofa, bed, coffee table and television.", "A living area with a bed, coffee table, couch and pictures on the wall.", "A view of a hotel room with green walls."]
["A hotel room with a bed sitting next to a couch.", "a living area with a seat and a bed", "A very colorful and modern hotel suite adorned with artwork.", "A couch and bed in a studio apartment", "an image of a hotel setting with bed and couch"]
["A bedroom with green and white walls and a small TV.", "A hotel room has green paint and a modern lamp.", "A modern hotel room with a bath in one corner", "A nicely decorated bedroom with furniture and bath. ", "A room with a bed, two lamps, chairs, television and bath tub."]
["The small room contained a bed, desk, and dresser, among other furniture and decorations.  ", "a bed room with a bed a dresser and a large window", "A bedroom with a made bed, a dresser, an office chair and a desk.", "A bedroom with beige curtains and a chair ", "A single bed sitting next to a wooden dresser."]
["A cake sitting on top of a table for someone named Raphael.", "The desert is decorated with all the fixings.", "a close up of a cake with strawberries", " A confection of cake, whipped cream, strawberries and two candles.", "A layered desert with fruit, candles, and name tag on top if it."]
["A little girl getting ready to kick a soccer ball.", "a child chasing after a ball on the ground ", "Young girl playing with a soccer ball inside the house.", "A little girl standing in a house with a soccer ball", "a small kid playing with a soccer ball "]
["A man sitting between a group of surfboards.", "A group of surfers are hanging out around a picnic table on the beach. ", "THERE ARE PEOPLE THAT ARE STANDING ON THE BEAH WITH SURF BOARDS", "Five men standing or sitting on the beach with several surfboards. ", "A group of men standing on a beach with surfboards."]
["A man and a woman sitting next to each other on a table.", "A couple is cutting into a table of food.", "A man and woman cutting a cake at a party.", "There is a very big indian party where people are celebrating. ", "The couple are getting ready to cut and share the cake. "]
["Collection of books scattered all over a bed.", "A bunch of books sitting on top of a bed.", "a bed with books laying on the top of it", "A bunch of books are sitting on top of a bed", "Many books are scattered across a bed spread."]
["A couple surfers catching waves in the water", "Surfer squatting down on a surfboard while ring a large wave. ", "A beautiful woman riding a wave on a surfboard.", "A male surfer is laying on his board while a female surfer takes a squat position.", "A couple of surfers in wetsuits catching a gentle wave"]
["A woman laying in her bed touching the alarm clock", "A young woman in bed reaches for her stereo.  ", "A beautiful young woman laying in bed naked setting an alarm clock.", "A person in bed turning off a clock radio.", "A young woman adjusts a radio while laying in bed."]
["A cluttered bedroom with an unmade bed and books everywhere", "an unmade twin bed with a desk and chair", "A dorm room with bed, office chair, desk and bookshelves.", "A messy bedroom with a built in desk", "A bedroom with a bed and a table with a lamp on it."]
["A young man is doing something in his small room.", "This lady is standing in a small room that is filled with stuff.", "\nWoman stands at the desk next to the bed", "a person in a bed room with a messy bed", "A guy is cleaning his messy room at night. "]
["A person holding piece of cardboard next to desk with speakers.", "A desk with books, a cd player and other items. ", "The dresser has a stereo and many books on it.", "A cluttered bedroom containing a bed and some red pillows", "A bedroom with a dresser with a stereo on it."]
["Cooling trays holding various colored cookies and cakes.", "Assortment of different baked muffins in different colors.", "An assortment of different colored cakes on a tray.", "Some cupcakes with different colors on cooling racks", "Different colored cookies and muffins in cups sit on trays on a wooden table."]
["The twin beds with the blue spread are pushed together.", "Two beds are in a room with blue bed spreads.", "a bed room with two beds close to each other", "Two unmade beds are close together in a room.", "two beds in a hotel room that have not been made"]
["A bed suspended over a pile of luggage.", "a bed covers and a pillow and a brown cabinet", "a suit case and a lot of clothes stuffed under a bunk bed ", "A loft bed with things stored on the underneath portion.", "A loft bed with various stuff being stored underneath it.", "a messy room with a bunk bed and some stairs"]
["a small child is sitting on a bed", "A young girl looking up from the cushions of a bed", "Young child sits in middle of large bed with comforter.", "A small child sitting on a bed with blue and white linens.", "The young girl is laying down in the big bed."]
["A man laying in bed holding a baby.", "A man is lying in bed with the covers halfway over him and is holding a baby.", "Man in silver shirt laying on a bed holding on a baby. ", "A father lovingly holding his smiling infant child.", "a male in a blue shirt is holding a baby and they are on a bed"]
["The men standing in the ocean while another one surfs.", "A couple of surfers at the beach trying to catch a wave.", "Four men are in the waves of an ocean.", "People walking into the ocean with small waves.", "A cloudy day for a swim at the beach."]
["Table with a platter of pizza and a plate with a slice.", "A plate with a slice of pizza sitting next to a pan with a pizza.", "A display of artisian pizza on a warming plate.", "A slice of pizza is placed on a plate.", "A delicious single piece of pizza is being served from a whole pizza on a buffet table."]
["A young girl surround by other young people and looking at a cake.", "A group of school children gathered around a birthday cake.", "A group of girls and ladies having a birthday party for a little girl.", "A young girl celebrating her birthday with friends.", "A number of kids and one adult are celebrating a birthday."]
["A man standing next to a blue and brown bed.", "A man stands next to his bed in the dorm room.", "A young adult make us standing in his bed room", "A GUY IS IN HIS BEDROOM SHOWING OFF HIS MADE UP BED", "A guy standing next to a bed posing for a picture."]
["Three mini pizzas sitting on top of a metal pan.", "three cooked dishes positioned on a wooden platter", "Three types of food on a table ", "Three cooked pizzas are on a pizza stone.", "a big pan with three piazzas on it "]
["A group of people sitting and studying in a library.", "People sitting at a very long counter using laptops.", "People in the lounge chair and at the tables studying.", "Adults using area of building for studying and reading.", "A group of people working on their computers."]
["A man sitting at a table on a balcony, using a laptop.", "a guy sitting on a balcony using his laptop", "Man on amazing patio overlooking vast expansive blue ocean", "a man on a laptop that is sitting in a chair", "A man using his laptop sitting on the balcony with a water view"]
["a man riding a wave with his surfboard with the wave covering him", "A man in black wetsuit on white surfboard next to wave.", "A man on a surfboard in the water.", "A surfer on his surfboard shooting the curl.", "Male surfer riding the curl of a small wave."]
["A closeup view of a pizza, with a fork near it.", "A cheese pizza on a white plate on a wooden table.", "A close up of a cheese pizza on a plate with a fork.", "A fork sitting next to pizza on a plate.", "Pizza close up with fork in the middle"]
["A pizza that is sitting on a paper plate.", "A plate containing a mini pizza sitting on a table.", "A paper plate that has some pieces of pizza on it.", "The hand tossed pizza includes many exotic ingredients.", "Small pizza pie sitting on top of a play on the table. "]
["A man and a baby laying on a matress.", "A baby and a father laying in bed next to each other.", "A baby and man sleeping on a bed with pillows", "A man and a baby are sleeping on the bed.", "A man and a child laying down on a bed."]
["A bed in a bedroom beneath a flat screen TV.", "The room has large windows, a wooden floor, and a king sized bed.", "Bed with an orange pillow in the middle against wall next window and table.", "The small bedroom has been straightened up and the bed made.", "A bed with a gray blanket covering a bed."]
["Two pizza pies in take-out boxes on a counter.", "A pepperoni pizza sitting next to a supreme pizza.", "Two large uncut pizzas in their boxes with pepperoni and supreme toppings.", "Two pizzas in boxes on a counter top.", "two pizza well cooked in a box to be eaten"]
["A person bending over a table with a lamp on it.", "Red headed man bending at a desk while looking up at a monitor.", "A man looks at the television in the corner of a small room.", "A person watching a security screen while removing something from a desk.", "A young man checks the angle of a monitor installed in the corner of his room."]
["A man wearing a green shirt playing tennis.", "The tennis player is wearing a headband and a green shirt.", "A man with a racquet that is standing on a tennis court.", "Guy playing tennis on a court getting ready to hit the ball.", "man in a green shirt and white shorts playing tennis"]
["A cluttered desk with a black chair next to it.", "An office desk with a computer, papers, desk, and a chair ", "a work desk with papers a computer keyboard and mouse", "A desk chair is empty in front of a work desk.", "A cluttered computer desk has a nice chair with it."]
["Four pans of food sitting on a stove top.", "Four trays of pizza on top of the stove.", "Four pans of food on a stove in a restaurant.", "Several pans of food cooling on a stove top.", "Four trays of Itallian food are in large pans."]
["some green leaves on top of a pizza on a plate", "A vegetable pizza sitting on top of a serving plate. ", "Pizza sitting on a white plate with multiple vegetables on top. ", "A plate of pizza topped with lettuce and toppings. ", "A freshly baked pizza with greens, meat, and cheese."]
["Women are playing tennis on a blue court.", "A female tennis player swinging at a ball.", "A woman playing tennis follows through on her swing.", "two people playing tennis on a tennis court", "Two women are playing tennis in a fenced-in tennis court."]
["A pizza sitting on top of a pan over a stove.", "A colorful pizza resting on a steel oven broiling tray.", "an image of a small pizza on a pan", "A pizza with many toppings sits on a metal tray on a stove.", "A cooked pizza is sitting on a pan"]
["A woman with a tennis racket and a ball in front of her.", "Lady waiting to hit a incoming ball with her tennis racket.", "A tennis player is hitting a tennis ball on the court.", "A hesitant tennis player looking at an incoming ball", "A girl in a tennis outfit getting ready to hit the tennis ball with her racket."]
["The tennis player is beginning to serve a ball.", "a tennis player getting ready to hit a serve", "A woman in a blackshirt and white skirt playing tennis.", "A woman holding a tennis racket getting ready to serve.", "A woman is getting ready to hit a tennis ball."]
["A wooden desk topped with lots of clutter near a chair.", "A desk that has various items on it.", "a living room with a table chairs, shelves and a clock on the wall", "A full view of a wooden table along with books. ", "An old desk with many items on top of it. "]
["A woman walking along a tennis court holding a tennis racquet.", "A young girl on a tennis court trying to hit the ball", "A young girl in a tennis court playing with a ball.", "A girl on a court with a tennis racket.", "A girl holding her tennis racquet horizontally to hit a dropping tennis ball."]
["A freshly baked pizza setting on a counter", "A closeup of a deep dish pizza in a restaurant,", "A pizza pie served on a  tray on a table", "A large pizza just removed from the oven", "A large, hand-tossed pizza with a variety of toppings."]
["A tennis player has just attempted to hit the ball.", "Two young men are playing tennis on a court.", "A tennis player swings his tennis racquet while another person watches.", "the two men are playing doubles tennis together.", "A boy runs as he tries to smack the tennis ball."]
["A laptop computer sitting on a wooden desk next to a monitor.", "White laptop on a desk next to another computer monitor.", "A laptop computer, a computer screen and a mouse", "A laptop and a computer on a wooden desk.", "A laptop and a computer monitor on a desk."]
["A tennis player throws the ball up to serve it.  ", "A male tennis player in action on the court in front of a crowd.", "A tennis player is bent over backward to serve the ball.", "A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A man playing tennis in front of a crowd."]
["A woman swinging a racket at a tennis ball.", "A woman makes a forehand shot at the net during a tennis match.", "Female tennis player about to deliver a hit to a ball during a match.", "A female tennis player is trying to hit the ball. ", "A female tennis player with a racket and ball at the court"]
["The woman has swung her tennis racket behind her back.", "a woman holding her tennis racket behind her ", "a woman is swinging a teniis racket at a game", "A woman playing tennis at a tournament ", "A woman swinging a tennis racket at a tennis match."]
["Hard plastic chairs in a dimly lit room.", "Four green chairs attached to wall with white clock above", "A wall with a set of two rows of chairs below a wall clock.", "There's an empty waiting room with a clock overhead", "Chairs on a wall with a clock above them."]
["A tennis player hitting the ball on a tennis court. ", "A man is jumping to hit the ball in a game of tennis.", "Professional tennis player jumping up to hit the ball", "Professional tennis player is hitting a tennis serve. ", "A man mid jump swinging at a tennis ball as spectators watch."]
["A pizza that is sitting on a table.", "A pizza with peppers, mushroom and sausage on a table.", "A restaurant table with a pizza sitting on it.", "a large pizza that is on a table", "A pizza sits on a table next to a plate and a beverage. "]
["A couple of people holding racquets on a tennis court.", "People are playing tennis in front of a crowd.", "Two tennis players on a grass court in front of many spectators.", "Two men are playing tennis in front of an audience.", "Two men greeting each other before a game of tennis."]
["Some people who are playing tennis against each other.", "A crowd is watching a competition between two athletes.", "A medium distance shot of a tennis match", "a couple of people are standing on a tennis court", "A couple of men playing tennis on a grass court."]
["A pizza that is sitting on a wooden board.", "Baked pizza with vegetable and herbs on cutting board at table.", "A homemade pizza with vegetables and cheese on a carving board.", "A tasty looking pizza made with a bunch of vegetables. ", "a home made pizza with some veggies on it "]
["A small slice of pizza remains on the plate", "Dirty plates with leftover food on a table.", "the table has a plate on it with a fork ", "A white plate with a single slice of pizza and a serving spatula.", "These plates are almost empty but there is one slice of pizza left."]
["A pretty young lady holding a tooth brush in her mouth.", "A woman with some of her fingers in her mouth", "A woman in a red shirt standing under a tree", "A person standing under a tree with one hand in his pocket and the other in his mouth.", "A young person smiles beneath a bag hanging in a tree."]
["A woman brushing her teeth in front of a bathroom mirror.", "a close up of a person brushing her teeth ", "The woman with curly hair is brushing her teeth.", "A girl with blonde curly hair brushing her teeth.", "a woman is brushing her teeth in a restroom"]
["A store shelf filled with different colored tooth brushes.", "A store display with dozens of toothbrushes for sale", "A stack of toothbrushes sit neatly in a row.", "Various styles and colors of toothbrushes on display.", "Many toothbrushes are on display in a store."]
["a large light brown and gray cat sleeping with a television remote", "A cat is sleeping with a remote control on a couch.", "a cat laying on a couch with a remote", "A cat laying on a seat cushion holding a remote control.", "Sleeping cat on couch holding a television remote."]
["Two toothbrushes and toothpaste in cardboard and plastic packaging", "Two toothbrushes in packages and one has toothpaste in the package. ", "a couple of toothbrushes that are on a table", "a few tooth brushe son a table top", "Two tooth brushes, both unopened, and some toothpaste."]
["The Sony remote is aimed at the television.", "A remote control and television in a room.", "view of the room from a remotes perspective.", "Looking down the face of a remote control at a distant television", "A remote control is shown in close up view."]
["A guy gives a thumbs up while holding a toothbrush.", "a white man holding a toothbrush and a tube of tooth paste", "A man showing off a toothbrush and other toiletries.", "A man with glasses holding a toothbrush and paste", "A man is holding up a toothbrush in his right hand and two tube containers in his left hand."]
["A computer keyboard and a computer mouse sitting next to it.", "A keyboard, mouse, and controller siting on a black table. ", "A computer keyboard sitting next to a mouse.", "Plain color keyboard, mouse, and small iPod, against black background.", "A mouse, keyboard and remote control sitting on a desk."]
["A couple of couches and a coffee table sitting by a window in the living room.", "A living room with a brown leather sofa set arranged around a coffee table and T.V. console.", "The living room in the house is empty.", "A living room with leather couches, and a view of two windows with blinds.", "A living room featuring a dark brown leather couch, a tan leather couch a coffee table and a stereo system."]
["there are three men playing a video game together ", "A group of men standing around a flat screen TV.", "A group of people in a room with remotes.", "Men laughing and playing tennis on Wii Sports", "Three young men playing a video game in front of a television."]
["A young girl with short hair brushes her teeth. ", "The man is holding a tooth brush in his hand.", "A woman in a tank top is brushing her teeth. ", "A woman is looking up as she brushes her teeth.", "a boy that a tooth brush in his mouth"]
["A man in a chair holding a Wii remote.", "A person that is playing a video game.", "a bearded man is sitting in a chair with a controller", "The man is sitting in his brown recliner.", "A long haired man is sitting in a recliner playing video games."]
["a room with a lamp a couch a red rug and some books", "Living room with couch red rug and a book case full of books.", "A living room with a bookcase, sofa and coffee table.", "A room that has a couch, table, bookshelves and fan.", "A living room has a bookcase full of books."]
["there is a large book shelf in this living room", "A picture of a living room with a large red carpet on the floor.", "A TV room with a rolling cart full of books.", "A room of bookshelves with books, suitcase, area rug and tv", "a living room is shown with a vintage television "]
["A man sitting in a brown c hair holding a game controller.", "A man sits in a chair and holds a Nintendo Wii controller. ", "A man is sitting in a chair watching television with a remote control in his hand.", "Man sitting in a chair with a remote in his hand.", "A man holding a controller sitting on a chair."]
["A living room filled with furniture and a window.", "An open floor plan may represent a spacial perspective.", "a room that has some chairs in it", "A very nice looking living and dining room fully furnished.", "The living room, dining room, and part of kitchen are shown"]
["A Wii game system and accessories are sorted out for sale.", "A Wii and Wii accessories sit on a white tile floor.", "A pile of video game equipment is shown on tile.", "A video gaming system with accessories and controllers.", "A Wii system, controllers, steering wheel, handheld trigger mouses, and cabling."]
["Four oriental men playing a Wii video game system.", "Group of men using video game controller units.", "Four young men, standing up, playing a video game.", "Several men lean against a couch with white remotes.", "Four men stand behind a couch playing a video game."]
["Two boys standing in front of a couch with Wii controllers.", "Two engaged young boys enjoying a game of Wii.", "Two young men holding Nintendo Wii controllers ", "Two boys are standing side by side in pajama pants playing video games.", "Two young fellows enjoying their new white devices"]
["A man holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.", "The living room is all decorated for Christmas.", "A man is playing a video game in a living room.", "A man at home playing a video game", "The man is playing a video game in his living room."]
["A woman and two young children holding Nintendo Wii game controllers.", "Three kids are sitting and playing video games.", "A few kids playing a video game with a remote controller.", "Three kids with joysticks playing a game on the screen", "A television and some people playing with remotes."]
["A little boy is standing near a lot of toys.", "the young boy has played with all of his toys.", "A toddler playing in a room with many toys all over the floor.", "A small child stand amidst many primary-colored toys in front of a fireplace.", "A young child is standing in a room with toys on the floor."]
["A man sitting on top of a couch holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.", "The boys look like they are playing a video game while they are sleeping.", "A photo of two people sitting on a couch, one playing the Wii.", "A young man on a couch with a video game controller.", "Two boys sit on a couch while playing a video game. "]
["Desk sits in corner next to the couch with a computer monitor and keyboard on top. ", "A room with a desk and computer in it.", "A home office area with many pictures on the wall", "A desktop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "A chair and a computer in a room."]
["A television that is on a wooden stand.", "Very decorative room with a lot of personal identity", "A bedroom or living room with pictures all over the walls", "A stack of 8 track cassets sitting next to a very old style TV.", "A TV, a CD collection, status, and pictures on a wall. "]
["A wall full of pictures in frames of various subject matters.", "many pictures and collectibles in a living room", "A home filled with various collectibles and portraits.", "a living room with lots of pictures on the wall", "A room with pictures on the wall and knick-knacks on all the shelves."]
["A dinner table next to a fire place topped with a vase full of flowers.", "A sunny dining room features a yellow wall and a black fireplace with a chair as the focal point.", "A room with a long dining table and a variety of chairs.", "A table and chairs fill the room in an apartment.  ", "A dining room, with a dinner table and several other chairs in it."]
["A man and a woman holding game controllers while standing in a room.", "A man and woman playing a Wii game together at Christmastime.", "Two friends playing an interactive video game and getting competitive.", "Young couple competing with each other while playing a video game.", "The woman and the man stand together playing the video game in the house"]
["A women holds onto a Nintendo wii-mote and nunchuck", "A young smiling woman playing Wii in front of a lamp.", "a women that is playing some kind of wii", "Woman with a white shirt on holding up a white controller. ", "A woman holding a white nintendo wii controller."]
["A couple of people sitting in a living room in pink chairs.", "People are sitting around on chairs and a couch.", "Some people sitting around a very cozy looking room.", "Women are sitting in the living room in pink chairs.", "A group of people sitting in living are next to an entertainment unit."]
["A wood paneled living room with a stone fireplace.", "The living room in the wooded house is empty.", "A room that has a couch facing a fire place.", "the cabin is very clean and empty filled with wood", "The cozy interior of a large wooden cabin"]
["a man and women playing Mario kart on there Nintendo Wii", "A young man and woman playing Wii with others watching.", "The guy and girls are playing a video game.", "Two people playing video games on a TV screen", "A couple of people playing Wii together, standing up."]
["A living room filled with nice furniture and a persian rug.", "an image of a living room setting with furniture and curtains", "An open living room with brown walls and beige carpeting", "A living area with some couches and a painting", "A large tan living room bathed in sunlight."]
["The man stands in front of a television playing a video game.", "A man with a remote that is in front of a television.", "a man is playing video games on a television", "a man playing a game on his television", "a male in a gray shirt is playing a video game"]
["A room that has stained glass windows separating another room.", "a living room with some stained glass window in the doorway", "A living room with two chairs and a couch and a small room with a tv and a piano.", "A room with large, colorful stained glass walls.", "A room with white furniture and very colorful stain glass designs along the entrance border."]
["A shelf in a room full of books", "Book case with books and computer with keyboard", "A computer monitor sitting next to a book shelf.", "A bookshelf is packed to capacity with books.", "A bookcase full of books with a keyboard laying against it"]
["A picture of three computer screens with two on.", "Three computer screens are placed next to one another.", "There is a display of three different computers together.", "a table with a keyboard a mouse speakers stereo and three monitors", "A computer set up on a glass desk."]
["a desk with a laptop a monitor and a keyboard", "A desk with mutiple computers sitting on top of it.", "a desk with computer stuff on it with a phone", "A wooden desk holding a number of computers and a telephone.", "A desk with laptops, monitor, keyboard, and telephones"]
["A computer desk topped with three monitors and keyboard.", "there are three different monitors showing the same movie", "Three screens with Johnny Depp in image with white wall", "Three monitors play a movie on the computer desk.", "Three computers are sitting on a desk with the same picture on each screen. "]
["Three computer monitors, a phone and a key board sit on a desk.", "A computer station with triple monitors, keyboard and mouse.", "Three computer screens that are on a desk.", "Three monitors sitting on top of computer equipment.", "Computer with three monitors set up on a desk"]
["A computer that is on a wooden desk.", "A desk with a computer keyboard and a monitor.", "A monitor, keyboard, mouse, and laptop are sitting on a desk in front of a window.", "Two computers with a keyboard and mice sitting on a wooden desk.", "A computer screeen is on, while it is placed on top of a desk."]
["A computer desk topped with two desktop computers.", "Two computers on a desk with two monitors saying django.", "A notepad that is sitting in front of a few computers.", "A couple of computer screens and keyboard on a desk.", "Two computer monitors, two keyboards and two CPU's on a desk."]
["A desk with a lamp and a computer sitting on it.", "A small computer desk with an office chair", "A computer desk is illuminated with a desk lamp.", "This tidy glass top desk has a black monitor and a keyboard on it.", "A white computer desk with a black monitor, a blue lava lamp and a small black fan. "]
["a keyboard a mouse and a monitor sitting on a desk", "a blue screen on a monitor on a desk", "A desktop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "A computer monitor sitting on a desk with a keyboard and mouse.", "A computer with a large monitor sits on a table."]
["a desk with a keyboard a mouse and monitor", "A desk with a computer on the center of it.", "A desktop computer sitting on top of a desk.", "a desk with a computer tower, keyboard and computer monitor", "The computer on the desk was left on. "]
["a computer that has a mouse and a keyboard", "There is a vintage computer with a keyboard and mouse.", "Old style computer with keyboard and mouse sitting on rug. ", "an old computer sits on a wooden desk", "A MacIntosh computer with a keyboard and mouse sitting on a desk."]
["A desk containing a camera with an extra lens.", "A camera on a desk has a very large lens.", "A camera, with a high powered lens, sitting on a table in front of a computer.", "A camera with zoom lens attached on a table ", "A long lens on a camera another lens sits next to it."]
["A book that is open laying in front of a keyboard.", "A book is sitting in front of a keyboard", "An open book next to a computer keyboard.", "a book with large print in front of a computer keyboard", "A book about tea sitting in front of a keyboard."]
["A woman in a red hat and dress and black gloves talking on her cell phone.", "Girl with a bright red outfit and black gloves talking on the phone.", "A young lady in dance attire, stands with a cell phone to her ear.", "Girl in a red dress and hat talking on a phone.", "A girl in a red dress and hat is holding her phone."]
["a white living room with blue furniture and decorations ", "A living room with white walls and a wooden floor.", "A LIVING ROOM WITH A FIRE PLACE ", "An apartment has wooden floors and white walls.", "A neat living area is colorful and has big windows."]
["A room full of a group of people and their laptops.", "A group of people sitting on couches in a living room with laptops and pen and paper.", "an image of a living room setting with people on couch", "The people are sitting on the sofa working on their laptops.", "People sitting at couches with laptops next to a fireplace."]
["A person flying a kite on a beach at dusk.", "two people on the beach and one is flying a kite", "A couple of people on a beach flying a kite.", "People flying a yellow kite on at sunrise on a beach.", "a kite flying in the air over a sand castle"]
["A man flying a multi-colored kite on the beach.", "a person flying a kite on a beach near water", "A person flying a kite at the beach with another person.", "A man flying a kite in the air.", "One person sitting with a drink and one flying a kite on the beach."]
["A man is flying a kite in the sunlight.", "The person looks into the sky watching the flying kite. ", "a man is flying a kite in the sky", "A man flying a rainbow kite in a clear blue sky", "a man flying a kite that is high in the sky. "]
["A man flying a kite while standing next to his small white dog on a beach.", "A man flying a kite on the beach with his dog.", "a person on a beach flying a kite", "A MAN AND A DOG IS FLYING A KITE ON THE BEACH", "A man is flying his kite on the beach while walking his dog."]
["Several kites flown above a field near a lighthouse.", "Kites are flying high near a lighthouse on the water.", "A dragon kite and a nondescript kite fly together by the lighthouse beach on a sunny day.", "A group of people flying giant kites next to the ocean.", "A grassy area with two kites flying in the sky."]
["Two loafs of bread sitting on a counter behind a window.", "A person is on a chair holding a camera.", "three loaves of bread cooking in the stove", "A person taking a picture of something in an oven", "Roles backing in an oven with photographers reflection in the glass."]
["A group of people stand in shallow water near a wind farm. ", "A group of friends are flying a kite on the beach.", "A group of people flying a kite on a beach.", "The sun is setting but a family is still flying a kite on the beach.", "People flying a kite near many small windmills."]
["A metal shelf topped with lots of different items.", "A bunch of colorful bowls and appliances sit on a shelf.", "Colorful household appliances are stacked on shelves and the floor.", "Brightly colored kitchen appliances, utensils, and other items on display.", "Pots, pans and a collander displayed on a kitchen cart."]
["A LOT OF PEOPLE ON THE GRASS FLYING KITES", "A group of people standing in a grassy field while flying kites.", "A group of people standing on a green field flying kites.", "People are in a park area as kites fly in the sky.", "Group of people standing in a field flying different colored kites. "]
["a stuffed teddy bear sitting on a stool", "a stuffed animal sits on a wooden stand ", "a brown teddy bear seated on a chair besides a wooden drawer", "Teddy bear resting on the stool next to the dresser", "A teddy bear on a stool in front of wicker."]
["A desk that has two computer and two laptops on it.", "A desk with two computers in center with a lap top on the left and right side.", "The office space is clean and ready for the workers use", "a desk with two laptops a PC computer and a spare screen", "Assorted computer equipment on wooden desk in room."]
["A picture of some kites that are flying in the air.", "People flying kites on the sand under clear blue skies.", "People flying large kites on the sand near palm trees.", "A group of kites is flown above sand.", "Two people flying large kites on the beach."]
["A man flying a kite on a very clear day.", "a person holding a kite over her shoulder ", "A woman wearing gloves that has a kite.", "A person stands with a rainbow colored kite.", "A woman holding on tight to a kite."]
["A hillside has many kites in the air over it and is near a lake.", "Man people fly kites on a grassy hill. ", "A large open field with may people flying and looking at kites.", "A crowd of people flying kites at a festival.", "People fly kites near the water on a hill. "]
["A field full of people standing on top of a grassy field flying kites.", "Group of many people on a field flying kites.", "A crowd of people playing with kites on an open field.", "there are a lot of people gathered at an event flying kites. ", "Several people gathered together flying kites and watching others."]
["A blender is shown on a kitchen counter next to a sink.", "a blender sits on a counter top unplugged", "A black blender sitting on a counter unplugged.", "A blender sitting on a counter near a sink.", "A blender that is sitting on a kitchen counter."]
["Woman holding a mechanical device attached to the side of a wall.", "A woman holding a massive tool in her left hand.", "A woman is blow drying her hair in a hotel bathroom.", "A person standing in a corner with a long hose in their hand.", "A woman blow drying her hair in a bathroom with a dryer."]
["A stove that is decorated with lights is displayed in the evening.", "Stove with decorated with light bulbs and holiday lights", "an oven outfitted with several Christmas lights ", "A stove top oven filled with red and white lights.", "a well made cooker and an oven with some lights"]
["A young child swinging a baseball bat in a green grass field with an adult in front of the child.", "A boy swinging his baseball bat in a park. ", "A boy in blue jersey and a helmet swinging a baseball bat.", "a young player swinging a bat on a field", "Is that a home run for this little baseball player?"]
["A pitcher pitching in a baseball stadium with people watching in the stand. ", "A baseball player standing on a  field pitching a ball.", "The mariner's batter just launched one out of Safeco Field", "A baseball pitcher delivering a pitch to a batter.", "A baseball pitcher is throwing a ball at a batter."]
["A baseball player pitching a ball on top of a field.", "A baseball player is swinging at a pitch from the mound.", "A baseball pitcher is watching his throw get slugged by the batter. ", "Batter taking a swing at ball during game.", "A baseball player hitting the ball during the game."]
["Examples of baseball moribilia include bats, balls, mitts, and needles.", "A picture of a baseball player next to a collection of baseball memorabilia.", "A picture of baseball items shows bats,balls, and needles.", "a number of items with a baseball a bat and a glove ", "Assorted baseball-related items include bats, balls, gloves, syringes, and vials. "]
["A baseball game where the pitcher has just thrown the ball.", "A baseball player prepares to swing at the ball.", "Pitched ball in flight at a professional baseball game.", "A baseball player is swinging at a baseball.", "a baseball player with a bat on the field "]
["A Boston Red Sox player up to bat.", "The stands are filled with people as an umpire stands behind a catcher and a man with a black helmet holds a bat.", "A baseball batter looking down the first base line in front of a crowd.", "A group of men on a field playing baseball.", "a crowd of people watching men play a baseball game "]
["A batter getting ready to swing at a ball as the crowd watches.", "A baseball game with guys in white uniforms and guys in blue uniforms", "A batter about to swing and catcher and umpire at home plate.", "A baseball player is attempting to hit the ball. ", "A stadium of people watching a professional baseball game. "]
["A person swinging at bat at a ball on a baseball field.", "A little girl that is hitting a baseball.", "image does not appear in this particular one", "The little league player swings a bat at the baseball.", "Girl in blue shirt swinging a baseball bat."]
["A guy holding a baseball bat is ready to play ball", "a member of the braves holding onto a baseball bat", "A man in an Atlanta Braves baseball uniform holding a bat and wearing a batting helmet.", "baseball player in Atlanta Braves uniform holding a bat", "A baseball player in a red shirt is holding a bat during a game."]
["A pizza sitting on top of a white plate on a table.", "A wooden table with white plate and a pizza on it.", "a plate with a little cheese pizza on it ", "A pizza on a white plate at a restaurant.", "A plate that has a cooked pizza on it."]
["a hand a white plate with a square pizza", "A pizza sitting on top of a plate on a wooden table.", "A plate with four pieces of flat bread,", "A homemade pizza cut into four squares in a plate.", "Four slices of square pizza on the plate. "]
["a person taking a bite of a personal pizza pie covered with pineapples and ham", "A pizza pie with a bite on a fork.", "A person eating from a pizza with a fork.", "a person is eating a pizza with a fork", "Large personal sized pizza with Canadian bacon and pineapple. "]
["A pizza sitting inside of a small cardboard box.", "A small personal pizza sits in a pizza box.", "displaying a deep dish pizza in the box it just arrived in", "A pizza with sausage, pepperoni and olives in a box.", "A box of pizza in a persons hand."]
["The man smiles as someone is cutting a pizza.", "The man is excited about the fresh pizza.", "A smiling bearded man watching a pizza being served.", "a person is cutting into a large pizza", "A man smiles and looks at a pizza. "]
["A male professional tennis player engaged in a match.", "A young man playing tennis on a clay court.", "A tennis player getting ready to swing at the flaming ball coming at him.", "A tennis player is playing tennis on the tennis court and a fireball has been photo shopped into the photo.", "Man who is in color playing tennis in black and white"]
["A couple of women standing on a  tennis court.", "A tennis player is approaching front court for a game.", "Two female tennis players on a field playing a game of tennis while a crowd watches. ", "A game is being played on the green court.", "Half of a tennis court with two women on it and people in the crowd"]
["A clock tower is in the middle of the city with clocks", "This is a beautiful example of stunning architecture.", "An old church with two bell towers is pictured. ", "Ornate building with steeples and gothic type architecture.", "Two clocks that are on the second floor of a building."]
["An elegant white vase of colorful flowers rests on the windowsill.", "Fake flowers of three colors in a windowsill.", "an image of a vase of flowers on ledge", "A vase with fresh flowers sits an a window in the sun. ", "A nice looking flowers are sitting in the vase near the window. "]
["A computer desk with a laptop and desktop computer.", "A home computer set up with lava lamp.", "a desk with a laptop, computer and a rocket ", "Two computers and other electronics are sitting on a desk. ", "a desk has a laptop computer and monitor on it"]
["A computer station with one mac and a laptop are turned on.", "A glass desk with computers sitting on it", "Two turned on computers, sitting on a glass table.", "A glass topped desk with two computers and a rocket ship lava lamp on it.", "A laptop next to a desktop and a spaceship lava lamp. "]
["A view of a close up of a computer.", "A laptop is shown up close as it sits on a table.", "A close up view of an electrical device", "A wire stretched across a computer keyboard with lights.", "A thin wire laying atop a technological device."]
["A cluttered computer desk in a messy room.", "A messy desk with a computer, cups, glasses, bottles, books on the desk and the floor.", "A desk with a torn chair, keyboard, monitor and mouse.", "a table top with a computer on top of it ", "Room with a lamp on a wooden computer desk."]
["A desk with two laptops and a computer monitor with keyboard.", "A table topped with two laptop computers and a desktop computer.", "Three white computers sitting on a desktop surface.", "Computers, telephones and an iPod on a glass top desk", "Several white computers are on a glass table."]
["A screen and some windows on a airplane.", "An airplane has a seat with a television and drink.", "a semi private area of an airplane with a television", "A screen that is near the window in an airplane.", "A tv sitting on an airplan next to an electronic device."]
["A person sitting in front of a laptop computer on a  desk.", "A person working on a laptop in a dark place.", "A persons' hands scrolling and clicking on their laptop computer.", "Hands working on the mouse of a computer in a dark room", "Someones hands on their laptop with images on the screen. "]
["A clock that is on the side of a building.", "a tall building with a clock on it in the city", "An outside sitting area in which there are no people.", "A large brick clock tower sitting in the middle of a city.", "a bunch of benches sitting on a patio next to a building"]
["A older man sitting at a laptop with a fireplace behind him", "An elderly gentleman using his laptop at home", "A man using a laptop computer in front of an open fire", "A older man sits at a table using a lap top", "An old man n his computer in front of the fire."]
["An evil villain sitting in front of a laptop computer.", "A painting of a man sitting in front of a laptop.", "A painting of a man in a top hat on a laptop computer.", "A painting of a man holding a laptop computer.", "A painted man is seen using a laptop computer."]
["Smiling lady typing on laptop on high back bench and table.", "A woman is sitting in a booth and working on a laptop.", "Woman with fingers poised over the keyboard of a laptop.", "A woman sits at a table working on a computer. ", "A woman smiling while typing on a laptop computer"]
["a vase with some drooping flowers in it ", "a flower pot with different kinds of flowers in it .", "Assorted colored plastic flowers in a white vase.", "Fresh flowers arranged in a container and laying on the surface beside it.", "There are flowers in a vase on the table."]
["An end table has several vases and photographs", "A cabinet that has a vase of pink flowers, en empty vase and photos on top.", "Flower vases, pictures, and other nick-knacks on a desk. ", "A couple of vases sits on top of dresser with pictures and a wine bottle", "A variety of items sit on top of a counter."]
["A man and a woman sitting on a couch with laptops.", "A woman and man sitting on a sofa with lap top computers.", "A man and woman both with laptops on their couch relaxing.", "A  man and a woman sitting on a sofa both with laptops on their laps", "There are two people setting on the couch with their lap tops."]
["A view of a vase with purple flowers in it.", "some pink flowers are in a green vase", "A petty pink and white flower in a green vase.", "A vase of fresh carnations on a plate on a table top", "Flowers in different shades of pink are arranged in a green vase."]
["A woman asleep on a sofa holding a stuffed animal.", "A girl in a short nightie lays on a couch with a stuffed animal.", "A girl sleeping on a couch resting her head on the couch armrest.", "A woman is laying her head on the pillow.", "a woman resting her head on the arm of a couch"]
["A display case with several stuffed animals and dolls.", "A display case filled with dolls on top of a blue background.", "some dolls are set in a display case with tags", "Glass case with vintage toys held inside it", "a number of toys behind a display glass "]
["A nude woman at a table with a laptop by portraits and paintings.", "a painting of a woman in a room on her laptop", "A picture of a naked women who is using a laptop.", "A picture of a naked woman sitting in a chair.", "The painting shows a naked woman using her laptop."]
["A cake sitting on top of a table with a cake clock on top of it.", "this is a cake on a sheet of foil", "Cake with a clock sitting on the very top of it. ", "a cake in the shape on an orange ", "a cake with an icing clock and a black hat next to it"]
["Dishes lined up on a narrow shelf above a radiator.", "THIS IS A FLOATING SHELF WITH DISHES ON DISPLAY", "Vases and pottery sit on a shelf ledge.", "A shelf with bowls lined up on it.", "A bunch of pots in a row on a counter."]
["A person mixing up food inside of a Nutri Blend.", "A mixer is displayed with food inside it.", "A personal blender is being used to make a treat.", "A hand on a mixer full of banana, chocolate, and milk. ", "someone that is mixing up a dessert in a mixer"]
["A potted vase of fresh wildflowers on a table in front of a rock facade.", "a vase with some white pink purple and orange flowers ", "A PRETTY FLOWER IN AN EQUALLY COLORFUL VASE", "A colorful vase is holding a variety of flowers.", "A pottery vase holds a bunch of colorful flowers."]
["There is a broken samsung flip phone on a table", "A broke flip phone with the carrier sprint", "A close-up of a candy bar style cell phone broken in half.", "A couple of cell phones that are on a table.", "A cell phone sits on the counter broken in half. "]
["A cup sitting in a window sill filled with flowers.", "A flower in a cup grows in a windowsill", "A plant struggling to survive in a plastic cup", "A cup with a withered branch is next to window. ", "A plant in a blue cup on a windowsill.  "]
["A microwave oven sitting on top of a table.", "There are a microwave in this picture but nothing in it.", "A microwave with the power off on a shelf.", "A timestamped photograph of a microwave with a dirty door next to a glass coke bottle and glasses shaped like human torsos. ", "A Sharp white colored microwave on a tabletop"]
["A laptop computer sitting on top of a table.", "A laptop and mouse on top of a table.  ", "A table with a mouse, laptop and speaker phone.", "A Dell laptop sitting on a desk with other gadgets", "The devices plugged into the computer are not helped by the fact that it's made by Dell"]
["A women who is taking a picture of herself with a cell phone.", "Woman in green sweater taking selfie in mirror.", "A young lady is smiling for the camera and taking his picture. ", "a person taking a photo in a mirror ", "A woman smiling for a photo she is taking of herself."]
["Woman taking a selfie with her cell phone.", "A beautiful woman wearing glasses while taking a selfie.", "A woman who is taking a picture of herself. ", "A woman using a phone to take a picture of herself.", "A woman is taking a picture of herself in a mirror."]
["A young woman taking a selfie in front of a bathroom mirror.", "A woman takes a photo of herself in the mirror", "a woman is holding up a cellphone in a restroom", "A woman in a white shirt is holding a phone.", "The person is taking a picture of herself in the bathroom."]
["A woman with glasses using cellphone to take a picture.", "A woman taking a selfie in a bathroom mirror. ", "a person taking a photo in a mirror", "A beautiful woman with large breast taking a selfie.", "A woman takes a selfie in a bathroom mirror."]
["The woman using a cell phone touches her long hair.", "A girl looking at her cell phone while it's attached to a cord.", "a woman is looking at her smart phone", "A woman twirling her hair and looking at a cell phone.", "a woman is typing on her cellphone in s room"]
["A stove top oven sitting inside of a kitchen.", "A stainless steel kitchen stove with a hood.", "a kitchen with a professional stove near cupboards ", "The metallic stove has two doors on the front of it. ", "A huge stainless steel cooking range with a hood in a salesroom"]
["A cluttered kitchen with oven, rice maker, and microwave oven", "A microwave oven door stands open on a white kitchen counter.", "A kitchen with deep fryer and microwave as viewed from the table.", "Electric appliances crammed on a counter in a kitchen.", "The door of the microwave is opened on the kitchen counter."]
["A man sitting next to a woman on a bench.", "A man and a woman sitting on a bench.", "two people sitting on a bench and looking at their phones ", "A pair of people sitting on a bench at a station.", "Two people sitting and waiting on opposite ends of a bench."]
["A battered refrigerator stands open in a dirty room.", "An open refrigerator that has nothing inside of it.", "a black and white photo of an opened empty refrigerator ", "An old and open refrigerator in an empty room. ", "A broken refrigerator stands open and abandoned in a dirty room."]
["a blender with some food in it ready to blend", "A metal blender filled with lots of food.", "A filled blender sitting on a counter against a wall.", "THIS IS A PICTURE OF A CHROME PLATED BLENDER", "A blender that is on a counter that has various items in it."]
["A lady sitting on a wall talking on her cell phone.", "a person sitting on the rocks on the telephone in front of a water fall", "A woman is talking on her cell phone in front of a waterfall.", "A woman is on a cell phone in front of a waterfall. ", "An obese women is sitting with a waterfall in the background."]
["a person is holding an old cellphone outside", "The person is holding a cell phone in their hand.", "The cell phone is flipped open and has a key board. ", "The hand is holding an open cel phone.", "A hand with a cellphone thats flipped open in it."]
["a cell phone and an SD card sitting on a table", "A silver MP3 player and a clear case of an Micro S chip and reader.", "A phone or something with a sim card near it", "An old phone with a micro memory card for storage.", "A cell phone that is next to some memory cards."]
["Someone holding a cell phone in their hand. ", "A view of a person holding a cellphone.", "Someone's hand holding a Sony Ericsson cell phone.", "A person holding a sliding cell phone that has been slid open.", "A person using a cell phone with their thumb."]
["this is a mp3 player and some headphones", "A phone and headphones that are on a table.", "One large and one small mp3 player, one with earbuds", "A tape recorder and headphones laying on a table.", "A couple of MP3 players, one with ear buds connected."]
["A camera and a tape recorder charging on a table.", "A camera and phone sits atop a surface charging.", "Two electronic devices are charging on a tabletop. ", "Digital camera sitting on a table hooked up to docking station.", "A digital camera seems to be plugged in charging. "]
["A woman texting on a phone, in the back of vehicle. ", "A girl in a car using her cell phone.", "A person holding a cell phone in their hand.", "a person holding a cell phone in their hand", "some one using a cell phone inside of a car. "]
["A broken cell phone laying on carpeted ground.", "TWO CELL PHONES ARE ON DISPLAY ONE IS FROM SPRINT", "Two old silver cell phones are on display.", "A broken Sprint flip phone that is in two separate pieces.", "a flip style cell phone is broken in half"]
["A young boy wearing camouflage sitting in a  doorway.", "a little boy that is sitting down with a phone", "Small boy in a uniform sitting on the ground outdoors. ", "A little boy in camouflage playing with a cell phone. ", "A young boy plays with a phone sitting on the ground. "]
["A couple of men on cell phones on a street with cars.", "Two men talking on their cell phones on a busy city street.", "Multiple people talking on their cell phones while walking down a very busy street", "Two men talk on cell phones in front of a busy city street.", "Two men on the phone walking down a busy new York city street "]
["Girl sitting by the river using her cell phone.", "A woman sitting along the body of water looking at her cell phone.", "A woman sitting cross legged by a river using a cell phone", "A WOMAN IS SITTING ON THE PHONE ", "A beautiful woman sitting on the ground using a cell phone."]
["A woman is taking her picture in a mirror.", "Cute smiling girl in glasses, and with curly hair, holds up her phone.", "A person standing in front of a tile wall next to a towel holding a camera.", "A swimmer takes a selfie in the changing room.", "A girl takes a selfie in a bathroom."]
["Person plying video of female athlete on handheld tablet.", "A video of two kids being watched on a camcorder. ", "A movie featuring a young girl plays on a phone screen. ", "A hand holding a camera with a small viewfinder screen.", "A video camera catching footage of people sitting down."]
["Two young men setting on a bench at the mall, one is on a cell phone.", "A man on a cell phone next to another in a booth.", "A man is sitting on a restaurant bench using a cell phone.", "Two young men sit in a restaurant booth. ", "Two men are in a restaurant booth on the phone."]
["The man is taking a photo with his cel phone.", "A man getting ready to take a picture in a field.", "A man in a field takes a picture with his phone.", "A man in a field holding up his cell phone.", "A man is taking a picture with a cell phone."]
["a small kitchen with a sink and mini fridge", "A white kitchen with a sink, microwave and stove.", "A kitchen with sink, microwave and cabinets in it.", "A small kitchen with a two burner stove, a microwave and small sink.", "Interior kitchen scene showing white fixtures with white wall tiling."]
["An adorable little girl standing next to an easy bake oven.", "A little girl holding a tiny cake next to an Easy Bake oven.", "A little girl with an easy bake oven and cake", "A little girl baking a cake with her easy bake oven.", "A little girl makes a cake in her small cookware."]
["A red stove top oven sitting next to a building.", "Various home appliances are lined up on the sidewalk.", "Old ovens sitting on the sidewalk in front of a shop", "Red appliances sit on the sidewalk in the sun.", "An assortment of kitchen appliances sitting on a street sidewalk."]
["A stove top has many different items cooking on it", "A white stove bears multiple pans and trays of food.", "A number of various food items atop a white stove.", "Food and wine on the kitchen counters and stove.", "A meal is being prepared on the stove in a kitchen"]
["a woman in a pink top a refrigerator and some shelves", "A woman wearing a pink shirt standing against the cabinet. ", "The woman is happy to be standing in the kitchen.", "A woman in a pink shirt smiling and leaning against an appliance.", "A woman stands next to a commercial freezer."]
["Small kitchen area with sink full of dirty dishes", "A smaller kitchen done in white with a sink full of clean dishes.", "A white kitchen with a sink full of dishes.", "White kitchen with granite counters and messy sink.", "A mostly white kitchen has dishes in the sink."]
["The child is standing next to the refrigerator with a toy on it.", "Toddler playing with a magnet toy on a refrigerator ", "A little boy standing in front of a metal refrigerator.", "The small child is playing in front of the refrigerator.", "A little kid that is touching a fridge."]
["A washer, sink and a refrigerator all in a corner room?", "A kitchen that has a refrigerator next to a sink.", "The small area in the apartment is clean and ready for us to use.", "A small refrigerator, sink and a stove next to each other.", "a kitchen with a refrigerator a sink and a washing machine "]
["A refrigerator containing fishing worms sits on a floor.", "The container has different signs on it ", "A refrigerator that contains a number of different worms and insects.", "White mini fridge with colorful labels attached to the front.", "A small refrigerator with signs on it detailing \"BUTTER WORMS\", \"WAX WORMS\", \"12 GREEN CRAWLERS\" and \"18 CANADIAN NIGHTCRAWLERS OR 30 WORMS $3.69\"."]
["A tall church tower under a blue sky filled with white fluffy clouds.", "A tower with a clock is near a gold eagle.", "A golden statue of a bird on a pedestal in front of a large stone clock tower.", "A golden bird on a pole is next to a cathedral spire.  ", "an eagle statue on top of a pillar in front of a church"]
["A clock hanging off the side of a building.", "a clock attached to a building with a sign", "A building that has a clock on its sign.", "A sign under a clock that reads \"The Dial\". ", "A clock on the side of a building with a business name on it."]
["A girl standing next to a man in a room.", "there is a woman and a man standing in the kitchen together", "The thin woman is standing between a man and an eating dog.", "A young man and women in a very short skirt and heels. ", "a couple of people that are standing up in a room next to each other."]
["A fridge is open and showing the food inside", "And older refrigerator is shown with the door wide open.", "The door of a refrigerator near the open area is open.", "the fridge door is open and there are lots of eggs", "Open refrigerator filled with eggs in an unfinished room. "]
["A picture of a tower clock in the middle of the city on top of a building ", "A building has a tower with a spire and at least two faces that sport clocks", "An ancient building has a large clock on top.", "an image of a tall cathedral building lit up", "Very large building with a giant clock at the highest point. "]
["A wooden table in a kitchen next to a refrigerator.", "a small kitchen with a wooden kitchen table", "The kitchen is clean and ready to be used.", "A kitchen that appears to be very rustic or outdated.", "A kitchen and dining room  area inside a house."]
["Empty stage set of a modern suburban kitchen", "Overhead light is shining on a refrigerator in a kitchen.", "The refrigerator is sitting next to the counter.", "A white refridgerator sits on a kitchen stage set.", "A stage set of a kitchen including a refrigerator and an oven."]
["A tall building sitting next to a cathedral.", "A gray block building with a golden decorated clock and the word \"Station\" on it next to a very tall building.", "Looking up at old and new architecture in a city", "a clock on a building with a tall tower in the background", "two golden griffins on a clock on a tall gothic building"]
["There is an arrangement of pink roses in a vase that looks like galoshes.", "Pink roses in a little polka-dotted boot-shaped vase", "A bunch of pink roses in a vase shaped like two shoes.", "A vase sculpted like boots holding pink roses.", "A pair of small boots with flowers in them."]
["The parts to a food processor are placed in front of it.", "An old blood processor is disassembled on a table", "A food processor sitting on top of a table.", "A wooden table topped with a machine and other items.", "A food processor that is unplugged and set on a table with various attachments in front of it."]
["A vase that has wheat inside of it.", "A tall brown tree sitting in a living room.", "A bundle of wheat displayed in a glass vase.", "stalks of wheat in a vase tied with a red ribbon", "A vase that has wheat inside of it. "]
["A kitchen counter with a pretzel sitting on top of it.", "A person is slicing sausage into pieces with a knife.", "A long sausage is on a table with scissors.", "A sausage link is strung out on a board ready to be cut.", "A long sausage in a tray on a dining table."]
["A woman who is using a blowdryer on a dummy head.", "A woman dries a wig with a hair dryer, while looking upwards.", "A woman is drying a wig with a hairdryer. ", "A woman looking away as she blow-dries the pinned up hair of a mannequin head", "A woman holding a hair dryer and a mannequin "]
["An eagle statue in front of paintings overlooks an ornate room.", "A clock and old paintings line a wall.", "There is a clock on the balcony rail above the entrance.", "A statue is set on top of some banisters.", "A large clock on display on the second floor of a room."]
["a group of people dressed in old fashioned clothes", "A group of woman dressed in vintage clothing", "a woman getting her hair brushed in front of other women", "A large number of people dressed in old fashioned clothes", "A group of young women in costume brushing each others hair."]
["A white church with a giant clock tower mounted to it's sides.", "a clock on a tower at an old church", "An old monastery has a bell tower and a clock tower. ", "an old building with a huge clock and a weird tree", "An old adobe mission with a clock tower stands behind a sparsely leaved tree. "]
["A large free standing street clock with a cloudy sky.", "a clock with a sky and clouds in the background", "A photo of a clock with a partly cloudy sky in the background.", "An iron clock face alone against a cloudy sky.", "A clock stands in front of an overcast sky. "]
["A skillet with two pans containing eggs and ham.", "Two pans full of food sitting on a stove top.", "Eggs and ham cooking on a stove top.", "Two small frying pans have eggs and a slice of ham on a stove.", "A photo of a stove with omelet in one pan and ham in another."]
["a teddy bear handing from a persons hand ", "a person operating a marionette teddy bear wearing a green scarf", "A hand holding a small teddy bear on a string", "a person holding a small stuffed teddy bear in his hand ", "A small teddy bear being held up in the air by a string."]
["A teddy bear sitting next to a cup with a straw", "There is a stuffed animal wearing a crown next to a cup", "A stuff bear next to a fast food drink container.", "A teddy bear wearing a tiara sitting next to a drink cup.", "A small teddy bear wearing a crown next to a drink."]
["Two white teddy bears sitting next to each other wearing crowns.", "Two teddy bears with crowns sitting next to each other", "Two small white teddy bears wearing crowns on their heads. ", "Two white teddy bears wearing crystal tiaras on their heads.", "A cream colored teddy bear wearing a crystal crown."]
["Several stuffed bears wearing crowns line the table.", "A bunch of stuffed animals sitting side by side.", "A picture of a thing that gives off an impression of being perplexing. \n", "A counter that has several teddy bears with tiaras on.", "teddy bears placed on top of the table"]
["A large clock tower with two clocks mounted on it's sides.", "Clock on the side of a wooden building in the daytime. ", "There is a clock tower on top of a staircase.", "A brown building features a large clock on two sides of it.", "a small brown steeple with two white clocks"]
["A group of stuffed animals standing and sitting next to each other.", "A teddy bear, polar bear, Garfield and a snowman on a shelf.", "THERE ARE FOUR STUFF ANIMALS IN A LINE", "Two plush bears sit near a Garfield figure and a snowman. ", "A collection of stuffed animals on a table"]
["A white clock tower on a brick building.", "Large white clock tower on the top of a brick building. ", "A white clock tower steeple on top of a brick building.", "White steeple on a brick building with a clock.", "A large white clock tower sticking out of the top of a building."]
["A little girl laying in bed with a tray of breakfast foods.", "a child in bed with a bowl of food", "A picture of a young child having food on her bed. ", "A young girl having breakfast in bed on a tray.", "A young girl who is getting breakfast in bed."]
["An old ornate clock face set in a brick building.", "People standing in front of a stone building.", "A large church tower with a small crowd of people standing underneath it.", "A building with different clocks on the face of it", "A very intricately designed old tower clock, with people coming through the arched doorway at the bottom of the photograph. "]
["A purple vase filled with multi colored flowers on top of a table.", "A cheerful blue vase holds a bouquet of roses.", "Flowers in a blue vase are lying on a table.", "a vase with some flowers sits atop a counter ", "The blue vase is holding a assortment of roses. "]
["Several glass vases on a counter holding flower arrangements.", "A group of vases holding flowers sitting on a stove top.", "Four small vases filled with fresh flowers on an old fashioned stove.", "am antique cook stove used to hold floral bouquets ", "Flower arrangements are lined up on a counter top."]
["A bouquet of dark  red roses in a vase. ", "A dark colored flower holder with a fake floral arrangement of roses and other flowers.", "A black vase holds an artificial bouquet of red roses.", "An arrangement of roses is set in an urn style vase.", "A vase has red and orange flowers in it."]
["An elaborate metal vase holds a decorative bouquet of flowers.", "A metal vase filled with lots of different colored flowers.", "A bunch of flowers in a cement cup vase.", "A group of roses arranged in a vase. ", "This is an image of a vase of cut flowers."]
["White and orange flowers in a glass vase.", "Red and white flowers in a vase on a table", "The flowers are in the vase on display", "A vase filled with red flowers on a wooden table.", "This vase is holding a bunch of beautiful blooms."]
["A clear vase with flowers sitting a little table.", "a vase with many different flowers in them on stool", "A flower arrangement in a glass vase on a table.", "A vase is shown on an end table.", "This is a creative use of leaves and small reeds as an arrangement."]
["Vase in the corner and flowers and sticks poking out of it", "Brown flowers and rods are arranged in a vase which stands in a corner.", "The vase on the shelf is holding a bunch of dry flowers. ", "There are a bunch of dead flowers in this vase.", "A vase full of flowers sits in a corner. "]
["a vase that has some flowers in it", "A painting of white flowers in a green vase.", "Small green vase on counter with floral arrangement.", "a painting of some white flowers in a narrow blue vase", "A green vase with white flowers in sitting on a counter. "]
["A large pair of black scissors on top of a table.", " a pair of scissors with long shears sitting on a pattern ", "a close up of a pair of scissors ", "A pair of well-worn large scissors laying on a pattern.", "A pair of scissors that is on something that measures forty centimeters. "]
["two pairs of red scissors and a white and green gauge", "The pockets are full of scissors and all kinds of utensils.", "Pockets holding nails, scissors, a ruler and other tools.", "A coat with two scissors, ruler, pen and other tools.", "a few pairs of scizzos ina lab coat"]
["A woman holding a vintage teddy bear in her hands.", "A woman in an attic holding a teddy bear.", "A woman holding a teddy bear in her hands. ", "A woman holding a stuffed animal in her hands.", "A woman in an attic looking at an old teddy bear"]
["A stuffed bear and baskets of food in front of a market.  ", "A large amount of teddy bears in baskets sit outside a store.", "Stuffed bears are part of an open air market display.", "People are shopping in an outdoor market with a bear statue.", "This is an image outside a pastry or bread shop."]
["A plate of food and a drink on a table.", "An omelet and some toast are on a white plate on a table.", "A picture of a burrito and toast on a white plate.", "a plate with some toast and and an omelet next to a water bottle ", "A plate of food on a counter with a bottled juice. "]
["A young person laying their head next to a green plate.", "A boy leaning down to his plate of eggs and tomato.", "A child is smiling over a plate of food.", "There is a person with his head near a plate of food.", "the boy has his head placed near his meal"]
["a short stack of pancakes sitting on a black plate ", "A black plate with pancakes and syrup on it.", "A stack of pan cakes sitting on top of a black table.", "pancakes sitting on a pizza stone, covered in butter. ", "A stack of four pancakes on a skillet."]
["two ladies filling their plates with lots of food", "Two women talk while they help themselves at a long serving table.", "there are two woman standing at a table serving food", "Two women getting food and drink to eat.", "Two women grabbing food from a buffet table"]
["A room full of people eating food together.", "A swarm of people are getting together and doing something.\n", "a bunch of people are sitting in a busy room", "A group of people are sitting at tables in group in order to enjoy the dinner.", "Several people eating dinner at tables in a conference room."]
["A conference room full of people seated at tables", "A group of people sitting at tables in a banquet hall.", "A banquet room filled with white tables and people sitting around them enjoying a meal.", "A crowd of people are sitting at dining tables in a hotel reception room.", "Many people dine at tables in a dining hall."]
["A pasta dish on a white plate with a fork.", "Food is on the table at a restaurant.", "A plate of pasta in a bowl at a restaurant. ", "a two people sitting at an indoor restaurant having dinner", "People at a dining table with bowls of food and drinks."]
["several food items on a table, including soup, salad and a meat entree.", "A dining table covered with different food items like entree,salad and soup.", "The meal is prepared and ready to be eaten. ", "A table set with plates and soup bowls ", "A table with several plates of food including meat, a salad, and soup."]
["A display of cheese, fruit, and wine is on display.", "A table that has cheese, grapes, and a wine bottle on it.", "On top of a table is a bottle of wine, grapes, cheese cake and a silver vase with yellow flowers and two place mat settings and a knife.", "A dish filled with black olives next to a bottle of wine.", "some grapes and cheese sitting next to a bottle of wine and a vase "]
["Some cut vegetables are kept in a tray on the table.", "A salad on a square white plate with a piece of bread on the side.", "A green salad with vegetables and a piece of bread are presented on a white platter.", "White dinner plate with vegetables and side of chicken. ", "A plate of food with some salad on bread."]
["A group of people seated at a table in a large cellar", "A large group of people sitting at a table.", "many people sitting at a long brown table with food and drinks", "A group of people are at a table in a cave.", "A large group of people sitting a big table."]
["A man writing in a notebook with several partially filled wineglasses in front of him.", "two men sitting at a table with a bunch of glasses on it ", "Two men sitting at a table filled with bottles, cups and wine glasses.", "The men are having a meeting at the table. ", "Two men sitting at a table covered in wine glasses."]
["A owman is posing next ot wine bottles at a bar.", "A woman holding a glass of wine at a counter with a number of bottles.", "A woman that is sitting down with a wine glass.", "A woman smiling and holding a glass of wine.", "A woman standing at a counter holding a wine glass."]
["An open menu and bottles of wine sit on a restaurant table.", "A table with a wine glass and wine bottles on it ", "A black and white image of a wine glass and bottles. ", "A wine glass and three wine bottles surround a menu. ", "Menu, wine glass, and bottles of wine on a table."]
["The woman smiles while posing with a big cat in her arms.", "A woman holding a cat in her arm.", "Martha Stewart holding a fluffy Siamese cat on her arms.", "A woman in red sweater holding a black and white cat.", "Martha Stewart posing with a fluffy Himalayan cat."]
["A group of young people sitting around a piece of luggage.", "A group of four teenagers staring inside a suit case.", "A group of teenagers gather around a glowing object. ", "A group of teenagers are shocked by what they are seeing on the laptop computer.", "Four people looking at something in the dark. "]
["a tray filled with assorted plates and bowls, most with veggies in it", "The people are preparing the food on the dish.", "A man preparing food on top of a large metal pan.", "A waiter presents a tray with several dishes.  ", "A man serves food from plates of meat and vegetables."]
["A kitchen with a number of cherry colored cabinets", "The kitchen has cupboards and dishes on the counter.", "A corner of a kitchen with some nice wooden cabinets.", "A close shot of a kitchen sink with plates and others. ", "A picture of a wooden kitchen cupboards. "]
["A makeshift tent is constructed at a camp site.", "There is a tent, there is also a white chair under the tent.", "Camp with make shift outdoor kitchen room ", "A lean-to tent contains cups and other items.", "A makeshift tent is in a brown field."]
["Three woman with their backs turned in a kitchen.", "Three generations of women gathered in a residential kitchen.", "Three people that are inside of a kitchen.", "Three women are standing in a kitchen cooking. ", "three people standing in a kitchen near a stove and a window"]
["Some steel counters that have various items on them.", "A kitchen with lots of clutter on top of it's counter tops.", "a kitchen filled with assorted bowl and trays\n", "A kitchen area with a stove and various pots and pans.", "A kitchen industrial in look with many things on the counters."]
["Someone is holding the door open to a large industrial freezer.", "Person holding open a large door to the walk-in refrigerator", "A commercial walk-in refrigerator with shelves of food.", "A large door is open leading to a food storage area.", "A hand holding open a door to a big walk-in storage freezer with shelves, boxes and produce."]
["A woman standing in front of a table with lots of salad.", "A chef playing salad in bowls in a kitchen.", "THERE IS A CHIEF PUTTING FOOD IN BOWLS ON THE TABLE ", "The chef is preparing single servings of salad.", "A woman in a business kitchen preparing salads on a steel table."]
["A man sitting on a couch with a dog on his lap", "A man wearing glasses holds his dog in his lap", "A man with a dog on his lap.", "A man on a couch with a brown and white dog laying on top of it.", "A man and a brown and white dog sitting together."]
["A puppy is looking at a paper bag in the kitchen.", "a small dog is standing in a large kitchen", "A cat next to a grocery bag on the hardwood floor in a kitchen.", "a cat standing on a wooden floor next to a counter", "A small dog stands in a brightly lit kitchen."]
["The man is holding two knives in his hands.", "Several people seated at a table watching a cooking demonstration.  ", "A chef wearing a stripped apron is teaching a class how to use a large knife.", "A man with a knife and sharpener instructing a group of women.", "A man in an apron showing others how he sharpens a knife."]
["A person with a backpack riding a snowboard down a mountain side.", "There is one snowboarding going down the hill. ", "the person is coming down the hill on a snowboard", "A man skiing down a snow covered mountain.", "A man riding skis down a snow covered slope."]
["The refrigerator is cluttered with several different materials.", "a kitchen stove filled with a blender and a glass ", "A kitchen filled with food, cooking supplies, and a bit of general clutter.", "A kitchen containing a refrigerator and a stove.", "A kitchen that has a lot of clutter in it."]
["A man and a woman cook in the kitchen.", "A married couple preparing food in a house kitchen.", "A couple of people that are in a kitchen cooking some food.", "A man and woman in the kitchen preparing food.", "A man and woman cooking together in the kitchen."]
["The light shines above the pan rack on the kitchen counter.", "this is a dark picture of a large kitchen", "A view of a very dark lit kitchen from the other side of the room.", "A very dimly lite kitchen in someone's house at night.", "A wooden table sitting in the center of a kitchen."]
["some people are standing together around some food", "Three young women work together to prepare food in an industrial kitchen.", "Three young woman working in a kitchen are looking at the camera.", "Three women standing in the middle of a restaurant kitchen, preparing food.", "Women cook salad on a table in a large kitchen."]
["People fly kites and try other activities in a park.", "a man riding a skateboard with oversized wheels in the park ", "People are in the grass flying kites near a man on a skateboard.", "A man rides on a skateboard with overly large wheels on it's side.", "This is a man riding an off road skateboard with people flying kites in the background."]
["Two male chefs cooking in a kitchen while another staff member uses a mobile phone. ", "a kitchen with two chefs preparing food in pots", "Chefs in a restaurant cooking multiple dishes on a stove.", "Two chefs in a kitchen preparing food in pans.", "Chefs in uniform prepare food in a commercial kitchen"]
["A lake filled with water and a kite flying over itl", "some water and a person is flying a kite", "A single kite flies high above a body of water as a person stands on the edge of the water.", "Person flying a kite high over a sea inlet", "a person walking along a lake with a kite in air "]
["A large kitchen with many people preparing food.", "A picture of some people making some food.", "An assembly line of workers prepare food in a kitchen.", "people working in a kitchen next to containers of food.", "A restaurant kitchen has two prep isles for vegetables."]
["Extra hands would be a help for this messy kitchen.", "A kitchen with a cluttered counter and sink with dishes", "A kitchen counter is cluttered with items around the partially full kitchen sink.", "Dirty dishes in and around the sink. ", "A kitchen counter has many dishes on it."]
["The young man is stirring his pot of food with a wooden spoon.", "A man enjoys cooking food in a pan", "A smiling man is cooking in his kitchen.", "A man smiles as he stirs his food in the pot.", "A boy smiles while holding a pot and spoon."]
["A beautiful kitchen with lots of windows and wooden cabinets. ", "A glass table with a chair next to a  window.", "A kitchen table with chairs are depicted next to a kitchen.", "A kitchen with a bay window and tile floor.  ", "Open kitchen and dining area with several windows with blinds open"]
["A person bending over by the side of a parked car.", "a person talking on a walkie talkie as she pokes at the wheel of a car", "a person bends down to put air into a car tire ", "A woman bent over putting air in a tire.", "The man is putting air in his tires in the parking lot. "]
["A chef is in a restaurant making sushi.", "A chef prepares sushi on a counter top. ", "A chef preparing food in a professional kitchen.", "A sushi chef prepares dishes at a restaurant.", "A chef preparing sushi in a kitchen area"]
["Meat left out on the kitchen counter could spoil.", "Chopped meat laid out on towels in a home kitchen, in preparation for cooking.", "a counter top with food sitting on some towels", "Meats being prepared for cooking on kitchen counter.", "A bunch of uncooked food on a counter."]
["The inside of a small building with a brown couch.", "a brown couch some lights chairs a table and books", "A shop is decorated in rustic clutter design.", "A cluttered room contains stools, couches, and small dining tables. ", "The inside of a coffee shop with a big sofa, chairs and various lights and signs through the shop."]
["A person falling off of a surfboard while other surfers watch.", "A girl dives into the waves from her surfboard while others watch.", "A couple of surfers are surfing and swimming.", "several surfers one girl diving off of her surf board", "It is best to leave the surfboard under your own power."]
["a little kid is standing in a kitchen", "A young girl licks the spoon used for making cookies.", "A young child is licking the spoon in the kitchen. ", "A young child licking a spoon and wearing a yellow apron.", "the girl id licking the spoon of batter"]
["A group of people preparing food in a kitchen.", "Group of people all sorting vegetables in a line.", "Six different people in aprons and hats preparing vegetables", "A group of people are in a line working on green vegetables.", "A team of chefs work together to prepare a meal."]
["a man in a kitchen cutting lettuce with a knife", "A man wearing gloves and an apron cuts onions.", "A man preparing food inside of a professional kitchen.", "A man is cutting food on a table.", "A man with a black hat and apron preparing food in a kitchen area."]
["An elephant walking down a street next to a crowd of people.", "an elephant is standing in a busy city", "An elephant walking down a crowded sidewalk as people look on.", "An elephant walking on the sidewalk in a city setting.", "A elephant that is standing on a sidewalk."]
["A simple but fully stocked and well designed kitchen", "Cups and spatulas are up over a sink.", "The open shelves on the wall hold the dishes.", "A kitchen with counter tops and appliances with dishes.", "A kitchen with shelves and gray marble countertops"]
["A kitchen counter top filled with appliances and a wooden shelf..", "A kitchen with many things on the counter top", "A variety of kitchen appliances lined up on a counter.", "A row of appliances sit on a kitchen counter under the cabinet.", "The counter holds many small appliances and tools for the kitchen."]
["People in a kitchen are preparing food with plastic gloves on.", "Man preparing simple food in a commercial kitchen ", "A cook arranges a bowl of mussels and chips.", "Bowl of food being prepared inside a commercial restaurant kitchen. ", "A bowl full of food sitting on a kitchen counter."]
["Woman riding a bicycle on the road in the city.", "A couple of people who are riding bikes at night.", "a woman riding a bike down a small lane ", "The people are riding bicycles and skateboards in their street lane.", "Vehicle and pedestrian traffic at night on a city street."]
["a person standing next to a school bus ", "A bus traveling down a street, during the day.", "The front of a yellow bus stopped on the road while a woman boards it.", "a bus is parked to load up full of children", "A passenger boarding a yellow bus on a dirt road."]
["A yellow bench by a mosaic brick road with an adult standing and bending over a bicycle, with cars, a tree and a building in background.", "A person looking at his bike in the street. ", "A person on a bike on a city street.", "The man has taken a break off of his bike. ", "A person walking a bike along a parking lot."]
["A bathroom with focus on the toilet in the bathtub.", "a brown bathroom with three rugs a tub and a toilet", "a picture of a bathroom with two multi color rugs.", "Bathroom scene with French door passageway in background, commode and bath tub, curtain on left, brown marble floor and marble wall on right.", "a brown and black bathroom with 3 different bath mats on the floor"]
["A bicycle leaning up against a tree in a park.", "A woman walking her dog near a bike against a tree. ", "A bike propped on a tree with a woman walking by with a dog on a leash ", "A person walking a dog is looking at a bike by the tree.", "A girl and her dog walk past a bike."]
["A bathroom sink under a mirror in a bathroom.", "Bathroom sink with cupboards and person reflected in mirror.", "A bathroom sink and cabinet are being displayed. ", "The bathroom sink and medicine cabinet in a house", "A plain bathroom sink with a vanity mirror."]
["A bunch of people standing around and posing for a picture.", "A family riding their bikes next to the streetlight. ", "Group of people standing around each other in the middle of a city street. ", "Several people smile for the camera at night.", "A group of people are standing together at night."]
["Person riding a bicycle while walking two dogs. ", "A man who is riding his bike while walking two dogs.", "A man on a bicycle rides with two dogs at his side.", "A person riding a bike down a sidewalk with two dogs.", "A blurred man on a bicycle next to two smaller blurred figures."]
["Small bathroom with toilet and sink connected to each other. ", "A small bathroom has a toilet, sink, and bathtub.", "a bath room with a toilet a sink and a bath tub", "A white sink sitting next to a bath tub.", "A tiny bathroom with a toilet, a small sink, and a shower."]
["A pair of slippers sits on the bathroom floor.", "there are a pair of slippers in the entrance of this bathroom", "a very small bathroom with a toilet and tub", "The view of a small bathroom from outside the doorway.", "Some shoes are reflected in a bathroom mirror."]
["A bathroom scene with focus on the toilet and the sink", "A bathroom has a white wicker cabinet on the wall.", "A cabinet in a bathroom has been improperly painted.", "Photo taken through open door into a bathroom.", "a bathroom with a sink and a toilet"]
["A bathroom with white urinals amd sinks and brown stall doors.", "this is a row of toilets in a bathroom", "A bathroom that has urinals on the wall.", "The four urinals are mounted on the brick wall. ", "A public bathroom with sinks, urinals, and toilet stalls."]
["A man poses with a yellow bicycle and a banana. ", "A man with sunglasses holding a banana in front of a yellow and black bike.", "Man posing in front of bicycle with a banana in his hand.", "a person kneeling down next to a bike", "A man posing and pointing at a yellow bicycle."]
["Bathroom with white pedestal sink, bathtub and shower, and commode.", "A top view of a restroom toilet, sink, and tub.", "A small white tile bathroom trimmed in blue.", "The bathroom has a sink, toilet, and a bath tub.", "This hotel bathroom consists of a toilet, sink, a shower/tub, and towel rack with towels on the shower wall."]
["A bathroom consisting of a toilet and a tub. ", "A white toilet and bath in a room.", "A bathroom view partially of the tub, the toilet, and cabinets", "a bathroom with a bath tub and a toilet", "a bathroom with a toilet, tub and cabinets"]
["A lot of thought went into decorating this rustic bathroom.", "Well decorated bathroom area with ultra modern features.", "A bathroom with a dark and tile theme.", "A towel rack in a bathroom with white towels on it.", "An old looking bathroom with a sink and towel holder."]
["A sink sitting underneath a bathroom mirror with plants.", "a vase with yellow flowers sitting next to a bathroom sink ", "There is a sink with a mirror and flowers on it", "A bathroom sink with a flower vase, mirror and soap dispenser.", "A counter top with a sink and a red vase."]
["A room with a toilet, a door and shoes in it. ", "Two house slippers are on the floor of the small bathroom.", "A small, compact bathroom with a toilet seat in it.", "A small toilet and shelf in a very small room.", "A white toilet sitting inside of a bathroom next to a wall."]
["A white toilet sitting underneath a window next to a tub.", "A toilet that has cans of paint next to it.", "a small white toilet in a home bathroom", "A bathroom in the midst of being remodeled has paint cans sitting on the floor next to the shower and toilets. ", "A bathroom with a toilet, shower, and window"]
["A yellow motorcycle in front of a street with several people. ", "A yellow motorcycle with extra wheels attached to the back.", "A motorcycle carrying many wheels is parked. ", "A motorcycle is parked with several bicycle tires attached to its rear.", "Yellow and black motorcycle parked with extra bike wheels."]
["A bicycle and a motorcycle parked near a door on a narrow street.", "A motorcycle is on the road parked next to bicycle.", "A bicycle and motorcycle are parked on a sidewalk.", "A motorcycle with a yellow basket, an orange bicycle and an old school desk", "A bicycle and a motor cycle parked on a narrow footpath"]
["A mountain bike leaned up against a bus stop bench.", "A bike is parked next to three benches along a bus route.", "A bicycle sits next to some benches near the street. ", "A city bus traveling past a park with two yellow and green benches.", "A road bike rests against a park bench."]
["A simple bathroom has various classic decorations around it.", "Bathroom with pictures and fixtures with wood cabinet and windows", "A bathroom that has different posters on the wall.", "A room with a toilet, a dresser and wall hangings.", "Pictures hang on the wall of a bathroom near a toilet. "]
["A bathroom that has a sink, toilet and mirror.", "A small bathroom has a green toilet and vanity with black and white tile.", "A bathroom with a toilet, sink, mirror and tiled floors and walls.", "A small bathroom with a pedestal sink and toilet", "A toilet in a bathroom next to a sink."]
["Vintage bathroom with sink and toilet with toiletries", "A bathroom with outdated fixtures and a partially removed and missing wall.", "A sink and a toilet that are in a bathroom.", "A bathroom with a broken wall and floor.", "A bathroom that has a yellow sink and toilet."]
["A bathroom sink sitting next to a white toilet.", "a bath room with a toilet and a shower ", "A bathroom has a door, sink, toilet, and bathtub in it.", "A bathroom with a red towel and a blue towel hung up in the shower. ", "A lived in bathroom with several towels hanging around."]
["A clean white bathroom with a simple mirror above the vanity.", "A bathroom with a white sink and mirror.", "Bathroom sink with toothbrushes in a stand and a mirror.", "a white bathroom a sink and a brown mirror", "A bathroom sink underneath a mirror and tooth brushes."]
["A doge stands outside of a car, which has another dog peeking out the back.", "A car with its back hatch open with a ramp leaning against its bumper.", "A car parked on the side of the road with a dog in the car and one beside the car.", "two dogs a car a ramp plants and trees", "A car that has a access slope into its trunk."]
["The trunk is filled with equipment to ski.", "A trunk filled with snow skiing supplies and bags. ", "The back of the vehicle is loaded with ski equipment.", "A trunk is full with ski boots and skis.", "Several traveling and ski objects are in the backseat of a van. ", "A bunch of skis in the back of a vehicle."]
["An image looking down in to a toilet.", "A white toilet with a person standing in front of it.", "A toilet and a toilet brush in a small enclosed space.", "A person looking into an open toilet bowl.", "a toilet a toilet brush and two legs and feet "]
["A small sport utility vehicle that is loaded down with a bunch of luggage. ", "A car on the road with luggage on the roof.", "A hatch back car is shown with several pieces of luggage strapped to the top of it.", "Car with lots of luggage strapped to top driving on road.", "The car was travelling down the road with a lot of luggage stacked on top."]
["There is a person sitting on the toilet using the bathroom ", "A blond person is using the toilet and smiling.", "A person on a white toilet in a room.", "A photograph of a person sitting on a toilet seat.", "The hiker with a backpack is sitting on the toilet."]
["A white toilet sitting between a car and a truck.", "A black car, a toilet, and a van sitting on the side of the road. ", "A toilet is on the road by a truck.", "A toilet in the middle of the road, between a black car and a delivery truck", "A toilet is sitting on the street between a van and a parked car."]
["A view looking down in to a bathroom stall.", "an image of a public bathroom setting with white toilet", "A open white toilet in a small bathroom.", "The small tiled bathroom stall has a square toilet.", "An up-shot of a clean toilet in the stall. "]
["A close-up shot of a metal squat toilet.", "A toilet hole in the ground that is stainless steel ", "A small and very shiny metal object with a small drain.", "A sink installed on a very wet floor. ", "A toilet in the ground that one has to squat over."]
["An overhead view of a man in front of a public toilet.", "A person standing over a toilet bowl with a black cover", "Photograph of a public toilet as taken from above", "A person standing in front of a toilet in a stall.", "A mans feet and legs are shown as he stands over a black and white toilet. "]
["A white toilet sitting in between tiled walls.", "a small bathroom with a toilet in it", "An aerial shot of a public bathroom with the seat up.", "a person standing by a white toilet with the lid up ", "A persons feet in front of a toilet with the lid up."]
["A white toilet filled with urine next to a white wall.", "A toilet bowl with the seat up with yellow water inside. ", "A toilet with the lid up and urine in the bowl.", "A white toilet bowl with the lid up in a bathroom", "a white toilet with its seat lifted up"]
["A black cat is inside a white toilet.", "A black cat drinking water from a toilet", "A cat drinking water from a toilet in a bathroom.", "A cat puts her head inside of a toilet. ", "A cat is drinking water out of a toilet."]
["a large group of people at a ranch", "A group of people are standing behind motorcycles. ", "A group of individuals standing next to two motorcycles.", "A group of people standing next to some motorcycles.", "a group of people gather for a photo"]
["A car stopped by three cows crossing a road.", "some cows cross a road as a car passes by ", "A car that is sitting near a couple of cows in the street.", "A car is heading down the road and there is a cow standing in their pathway. ", "a motorcycle parked on the side of the road "]
["A toilet bowl with no toilet seat in a restroom", "A toilet in a restroom next to a trash can.", "A small tiled bathroom with a toilet a trash can. ", "View from above of a toilet and wastebasket.", "A toilet is shown with a pair of feet underneath."]
["A man with a small teddy bear peeking from a backpack.", "A boy has a teddy bear in his backpack at church. ", "A group of people sitting in a booth at a restaurant.", "The boy has a teddy bear in his back pack. ", "A man sitting on a bench with a teddy bear in his book bag"]
["The support railing around the toilet has brown padding on it. ", "a toilet with grab bars around it and a baby changing table", "A bathroom has a baby seat and toilet in it.", "A bathroom toilet attached to the walls with hand rails.", "A white toilet sitting inside of a restroom next to a sink."]
["This is a small bathroom with a toilet, a shower, and a dirty floor. ", "A white bathroom has dirt all over the floor. ", "a bath room with a toilet a bath tub and a toilet paper holder", "A all white bath room with dirt all over the floor . ", "A bathroom with a dirty floor, toilet and tub."]
["A busted up toilet sitting inside of a bath tub.", "a white toilet sitting in a bathtub beside a hole in the floor ", "an image of a bathroom setting with a tub in the toilet", "A bathtub with a white, broken toilet sitting inside.", "a bathroom toilet upended into a white bathtub."]
["a bowl of fruit and pastry on a table", "A sweet breakfast includes raspberries, blueberries, and a strawberry. ", "A half eaten dessert and half empty cup.", "Fruit pie dessert in a ramekin with a cup of tea", "A little bowl of food is on a white table."]
["A bowl filled with fruit on a napkin.", "That is a lovely fruit cobbler in a small white bowl.", "A serving of dessert that includes various berries.", "A picture of a plate of food on a table.", "A blackberry cobbler desert in a white bowl."]
["A breakfast bowl consisting of blueberry sconce and strawberry with side of coffee", "A bowl of food and a cup of coffee on a checkered placemat. ", "A dessert plate with cobbler and a cup of coffee to the side", "A glass bowl filled with fruit and cake next to a cup of coffee.", "A blueberry pastry in a bowl with a strawberry and a cup of coffee."]
["A man with a helmet riding on a motorcycle with a basket on it. ", "A man is riding a red motor cycle, with baskets.", "A man in a red jacket is on a motorcycle.", "a man riding a small motorcycle with a blue box on a public street", "A man riding on the back of a motorcycle down a street."]
["a downward view of a small toilet in a room", "Person standing at commode in outdoor temporary toilet.", "A pair of feet are facing an open toilet.", "A person stands at an open, urine-drenched toilet inside an outhouse", "A person standing in front of a porta pottie toilet."]
["A black motorcycle sits on a paved surface.", "A black BMW motorcycle parked next to some bushes. ", "A motorcycle is parked next to some bushes.", "A black motorcycle is parked by a hedge.", "A motorcycle parked on the side of a road."]
["Three horse drawn carriages in front of a huge house with a clock on it. ", "A very tall church with a  clock on it's face.", "Three horse drawn carriages in front of a castle", "Three horse and buggies are parked out in front of a building that has three steeples.", "Some horse drawn carriages in front of a large building."]
["A row of parked motorcycles sitting along side of a street.", "A long row of motorcycles parked near the road.", "A row of motorcycles parked on a side walk near a street.", "a number of motorcycles parked on a side walk ", "some motorcycles parked on a sidewalk by some cars "]
["A beautiful tower building with a big clock on it.", "A clock is posted on the front of a building.", "Clock on the side of a stately church.", "A large charge with a clock in the middle of the building.", "There is a very large castle like building with a clock in the middle"]
["a street with people and vehicles in the middle of it", "A bunch of people walking around in a street", "there are many people walking along this street", "A man leans against a motorcycle on a crowded street.", "A large group of people doing different things on a street. "]
["Lap top computer and monitor on a desk with assorted papers and devices.", "A desk with a computer, laptop and cell phone on it. ", "Laptop and monitor displayed on white desk in small area.", "An office space with a computer monitor and lap top.", "A desk is shown with two computers by a window."]
["A large bowl full of noodles and onions", "A bowl filled with pasta and vegetables sitting on a gray counter.", "A bowl of pasta salad with onions and olives.", "A corkscrew pasta salad with onions and broccoli.", "a close up of a bowl of food with broccoli noodle salad and onions"]
["A motorcycle that is parked in a parking lot.", "A motorcycle sitting on a sidewalk near parked cars.", "A motorcylce sits on the pavement on a cloudy day.", "A motor cycle in a parking lot with a person standing on the side.", "A front view of a motorcycle in a parking lot. "]
["A man is lounging on a motorcycle while parked alongside the road.", "A man lounges sitting backways on a motor bike reading.", "A man laying on top of a motorcycle on a side walk.", "A man sitting backwards on a parked motorcycle.", "A man who is laying on a parked motorcycle."]
["A collection of photos of an old motorcycle and parts.", "A photo of a vintage motorcycle and its engine ", "Multiple shots of motorbike is shown from different angles.", "Blue motorcycle shown at different angles and different engine parts. ", "a collage of photos of a blue colored motorcycle"]
["There is a motorcycle parked against a wall.", "a motorcycle with saddle bags parked against a wall", "A parked motor bike on the side of a building.", "A motorcycle parked beside a rock wall on the sidewalk.", "A white sports bike parked on cobblestones next to a stone wall."]
["A BMW motorcycle parked on a brick street.", "A black motorcycle parked on a sidewalk in the sun.", "A black motorcycle parked on top of a brick sidewalk.", "A souped-up black motorcycle is parked on a red brick sidewalk.", "a fancy black motorcycle sitting on the sidewalk"]
["A parked motor bike on the side of a the street.", "A motorcycle parked nest to rail near the ocean.", "A very nice looking motorcycle parked by the water.", "A motorcycle is parked in front of a tower viewer overlooking water.", "The motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk by the water."]
["A motorcycle on a gravel area with people in the background.", "Some people by a long row of motorcycles parked together.", "A motorcycle parked next to other motorcycles in front of a tent.", "A shiny motorcycle parked with other bikes at an event", "A group of motorcycles sitting on the tar."]
["A motorcycle is parked in a bushy field.", "A motorcycle parked with no rider and a large stretch of empty land in the background.", "A bike parked in the middle of a meadow .", "The motorcycle is parked close to very tall grass. ", "there is a motorcycle that is parked next to tall grass"]
["Motorcycle parked next to SUV in car garage", "A motorcycle is parked in a parking garage. ", "We are looking at a picture of a parked motor cycle.", "Motorcycle parked in a parking garage with other vehicles.", "A red motorcycle parked next to a SUV."]
["A black motorcycle parked in front of trees.", "A black motorcycle in front of some shrubs. ", "A motorcycle with no rider is parked by the grass.", "The black motorcycle is parked on the asphalt. ", "A black motorcycle sitting on the pavement in front of a bush. "]
["A motorcycle parked in a parking lot next to a car.", "There is a motorcycle parked in a parking lot", "A motorcycle that is parked in a parking spot.", "Some ones black racing bike in a parking lot next to his gear.", "There is a motorcycle parked in a parking lot."]
["A man in full gear stands next to his motorcycle", "A person in a helmet is standing near a motorcycle.", "a person is wearing a black helmet and a black and gray motorcycle", "A motorbike rider in leathers about to get on his bike ", "a man standing next to a black motorcycle near a forest."]
["A large motorcycle is on display at a gathering of people", "a fancy motor cycle on a display stage", "A cool metallic motorcycle on a showroom floor", "A motorcycle parked on top of a red carpet.", "Motorcycle being show off on a red carpet at a show."]
["A fancy motorcycle parked on a red carpet", "a motorcycle with a flame pattern on the front ", "Display of a motorcycle at a bike show.", "A colorfully painted motorcycle on display with other motorcycles.", "Motorcycle on display on red carpet at indoor event."]
["A motorcycle being displayed on a platform during an event.", "a motor cycle sits parked on a red carpet ", "A group of people that are looking at motorcycles. ", "A teal motorcycle on exhibit at a show.", "A green and silver motorcycle on display on a red carpet."]
["A motorcycle parked in the middle of a roadway.", "A motorcycle is parked on a road with grass on the side.", "THERE IS A PARKED MOTORCYCLE IN THE STREET", "A black and silver motorcycle parked in the road.", "A nice touring motorcycle is parked on asphault"]
["a motorcycle parked in a field with a sky background ", "A motorcycle that is parked on the gravel.", "A nice looking motorcycle sits on top of a cliff", "A traveling motorcycle with sturdy saddlebags parked in a gravel lot.", "A motorcycle is parked on a gravel lot"]
["A motorcycle sits in a graveled area with a steep hill in the background.", "A motorcycle with a few storage compartments on it.", "A motorcycle parked out in the middle of nowhere ", "A motorcycle parked on the side of a travel road.", "a motorcycle with saddle bags and a trunk"]
["A black motor cycle parked on a cobblestone street", "A MOTORCYCLE IS PARKED ON THE STREET PAVEMENT ", "A black motorcycle is parked on grey cobblestones.", "a motorcycle parked in a city street with houses in the background", "A close-up of a black motorcycle on the street."]
["A group of men riding on the back of a motorcycle.", "a bunch of people are doing tricks on a single motorcycle", "Several people are posed on a motorcycle on the street.", "A group of men doing gymnastics on the back of a motorcycle.", "There are people on motor bikes in the street"]
["A motorcycle rests against the side of a deserted road near a kangaroo crossing sign.", "A parked motorcycle on a road beside a kangaroo crossing sign", "A black motorcycle parked on the side of the road.", "a motorcycle parked on the road next to a grassy field", "a black motorcycle parked by the side of the road"]
["A spinning wheel and hutch by window at night.", "A room with a window and light blue curtains and spinning wheel.", "A living area with a table, display case and sewing wheel.", "A room with an old spinning wheel in it", "A bedroom scene with focus on the window."]
["A living room has a television, a table, and a painting.", "An entry door painted blue in the living room of a house.", "A crowded home entryway with a painted blue door.", "a blue door a picture a television set and some purses", "A blue door sitting next to a TV in a living room."]
["a man sits with his dog as they watch television ", "A man sits on the couch with his dog.", "There is a man and a dog next to each other on a couch.", "Dog resting next to an older man on the couch with the tv on in the back.", "A man sitting on a couch with a dog watching TV."]
["a living room with a chair near a tv", "A television that is inside of an entertainment center.", "A den with a chair, lamp, speakers and a television.", "A living room has a television, a chair, and a lamp.", "A brown chair sitting in front of a TV in a living room."]
["A small white room with an unmade bed that has a backpack and a pair of glasses resting on it.", "A bed that is white and very clean.", "A bed in a room under a ceiling fan next to a window.", "A frumpled white bed is situated in a bedroom which is free of decorative elements.", "a room with a bed a ceiling fan and a locker"]
["The plane is taking off into the yellow sky.", "A sky view looking up at a jumbo jet plane.", "A view of an airplane traveling across the bright sky.", "A large commercial airliner silhoetted in the sun.", "A large plane flying in the sky with a yellow and orange background."]
["A large Delta passenger jet being prepared for take off from an airport runway.", "A large commercial airplane being moved by a truck", "A Delta airliner is being towed on the runway.", "The small car is towing a large airplane.", "The airplane is parked on the runway of the airport."]
["A air plane that is parked at air port.", "A red white and blue airplane is on a runway.", "A white, blue and red jet airliner on runway next to grass.", "American Airlines jet taxiing the runway before takeoff.", "An American Eagle branded plane is on an airport runway."]
["A large commercial airplane sitting on the runway.", "An airplane parked in the middle of a runway.", "Two commercial aircraft taxiing on the airport tarmac. ", "A passenger plane driving along an airport runway.", "A couple of planes on  the runway of an airport."]
["A few jumbo jet planes parked in a waiting area of an airport.", "Commercial jets lined up at an airport terminal.", "Planes waiting on the tarmac of an airport.", "A group of airplanes that are sitting on a tarmac.", "Three blue airplanes lined up on a run way"]
["two large air planes on a run way", "Airplanes sit facing away from each other in front of an airport.", "Two Korean Air jets parked on a runway next to a terminal.", "Two korean airlines commercial airliners on the tarmac.", "Two airplanes facing the opposite direction on the runway. "]
["A metal plane flying through a blue cloudy sky.", "a large air plane flying in the sky", "An aeroplane is soaring high in the sky.", "Small aircraft flying at a steep angle in a blue sky", "A grey plane flying in clear blue skies."]
["The runway has a few airplanes on it.", "An airplane sitting next to luggage cars and equipment.", "A large air plane with some vehicles near it.", "A airplane is seen at the airport with other airplanes", "A jetliner parked on top of an airport tarmac."]
["A bottle of sprite sitting on top of a bench.", "a black bench and a green and blue bottle", "A plastic bottle is laying on a metal bench.", "A bottle of soda sitting on a black bench", "A soda bottle sitting on a park bench."]
["Two sheep graze in a valley near a small town.", "Two sheep grazing in a field overlooking a village.", "Two sheep stand in a field with a snow capped mountain in the background.", "Two cows are grazing on the grassy plain.", "two brown and white cows on a hill some buildings and a mountain"]
["A wooden bench and a fence with some flowers.", "A bench sits among some flowers in a garden.", "A park bench surrounded by a garden of flowers.", "A bench sitting in the middle of flowers.", "A bench sitting in a garden of sunflowers of various colors."]
["A man on a bench staring down at something in his hands.", "A person sitting on a bench on a roadside.", "A man sitting on top of a bench in a  parking lot.", "A man sitting on a bench looking at his cell phone ", "a person sitting on a bench using a cell phone"]
["A group of animals that is standing in the grass.", "Sheep are standing next to a chain link fence. ", "some goats standing around by a fence ", "Sheep in a field by the fence on a clear day.", "a herd of sheep stand on a grass terrain "]
["A giraffe grazing in pen next to a tree trunk.", "A tall giraffe standing next to a  tree sitting on top of a field.", "A single giraffe that is grazing on some grass.", "A giraffe snoots around the bottom of his feeder.", "A giraffe grazing on grass under a wooden post. "]
["A group of giraffe standing around each other.", "Group of giraffes in an outdoor exhibit with onlookers.", "A couple of giraffes in a zoo exhibit.", "there are many giraffes that can be seen at this place ", "Several giraffes move through an enclosed area as people observe."]
["Three giraffes in a wood and metal fenced enclosure.", "Giraffes entering and exiting a building and grazing in a fenced area", "Three giraffe in their cage at a zoo standing next to each other.", "Three giraffes in a barren fenced in area.", "there giraffes in a penned area standing outside"]
["The people are feeding the giraffe at the zoo.", "a man is feeding a giraffe at a zoo", "A person trying to feed a little giraffe at the zoo.", "A woman feeds a giraffe at a zoo.", "A person feeding a giraffe food at a zoo."]
["Open book with images of various airplane models and shapes", "An open book with photos of trains. ", "An open book showing a page about airplane shapes.", "A Person holding a book opened to a page with pictures of trains and planes.", "A person holding an open book in their hand."]
["A blue pickup is driving through an intersection.", "A sign leading into a a town center for Roseburg", "A traffic light suspended over a street next to a building.", "A street with various traffic lights and signage.", "a street with the sign for the Roseburg Town Center hanging over it"]
["A smiling child surrounded by numerous stuffed animals.", "a little boy sits in a pile of stuffed animals", "A child posing among a crowd of stuffed animals. ", "A child surrounded by a mountain of stuffed animals.", "A girl sitting with all of her stuffed animals."]
["a bird is standing on a green bench", "Large long billed bird standing on back of bench.", "A crane standing on the back of a wooden bench.", "A large bird standing on the back of a bench.", "A bird standing on top of a bench. "]
["Two cops standing in front of a street on a cross walk.", "Various cars stopped for officers on a street.", "many vehicles on a city street near buildings", "Two cops stand in the middle of a busy street.", "Two police officers direct traffic at a busy intersection."]
["Garden with a assortment of plants surrounding a bench with a sleeping cat", "A bench is placed in tons of flowers. ", "A cat on a bench in a garden.", "A bunch of plants that are by a bench.", "there is a bench that is surrounded by plants and bushes"]
["A guy takes a picture of his car's rear view mirror. ", "Rear view mirror that has reflection of camera and woman", "A woman taking a selfie in front of a rear view mirror.", "A woman snaps a photo in her rear view mirror while at a stop light.", "The person is taking a selfie using the cars mirror"]
["a park bench in the midst of flowers and greenery ", "A mini house that is on a glass table.", "A bench sitting on top of a stone walkway.", "a park area with a bench and some flowers ", "A very nice looking garden with a bench and table."]
["A bamboo bench with a backpack sitting on top of it.", "A person and a backpack sitting on a bamboo bench.", "A kitten sits under a wooden bench with a backpack on it.", "A multicolored cat under a bamboo bench near some people.", "A cat sitting under a bamboo bench outdoors."]
["A collection of military airplanes sit in a hanger for display.", "War planes are hanging in air of the meseum", "A group of planes on display in a museum.", "Several aircraft are suspended from the ceiling of a museum.", "Several planes are suspended in a museum with large windows for walls."]
["A group of people on motorcycles waiting at a traffic light", "People on bicycles and motorcycles at an intersection where the light has  turned green.", "people riding motorcycles and bicycles at a green light", "a number of people riding motorcycles and bikes", "A large group of people on bicycles and scooters on city street."]
["A woman standing in front of a giraffe pen", "A girl petting a giraffe under its chin in a zoo.", "there is a young girl that is petting a giraffe", "Even big Giraffes love to have their necks scratched.", "A little girl reaches across a fence to pet a giraffe who has his chin up in the air."]
["Yellow double decker bus being boarded on a city street. ", "A bus that advertises bus and boat tours on the front.", "Colorful double-decker tour buses abound in a scenic city", "Double-Decker buses in Edinburgh, Scotland; one is a parked tour bus.", "A yellow double decker bus parked on a city street"]
["A traffic light sitting next to a street lined with traffic lights.", "A blurred picture of different colorful traffic lights.", "A blurry photo taken at night of some street lights.", "There is a green arrow, an orange triangle, another green arrow, and a red circle.", "A blurry photograph of streetlights taken at night"]
["A man is holding a couple of traffic lights on the side of the road.", "A man carrying two traffic lights on the side of a street.", "a man in a tan jacket is carrying a traffic light", "a man holding some street lights as he stands next to the road ", "A man holding the streetlights in his hands near a street"]
["A passanger bus stopped by the side of the road.", "A white and green bus parked next to a  tall building.", "A large bus is parked outside of a building.", "A bus that is sitting on the street.", "a bus that is outside of a building"]
["Giraffe with its head over a rail at a zoo enclosure.", "Large giraffe leaning over a rail looking at a tree.", "A giraffe is standing in the grass leaning over a fence.", "Two giraffes on a sanctuary surrounded by trees", "some giraffes in their pen some tires bushes and trees"]
["A person with a camera taking a picture.", "A circular picture has a woman with a camera and a yellow bus.", "A selfie of a woman taken looking into a car mirror.", "A woman taking a picture of her reflection.", "A girl taking a picture of herself through a reflection."]
["a small pamphlet is sitting on a benches arm", "A book atop the arm of a bench.", "A book perched on the arm of a roadside bench", "a park bench that has a book on top of it", "A park bench with a leaflet left on the armrest."]
["A yellow double decker bus driving under a bridge.", "A bus parked under an awning in front of a building.", "There is a picture of an outside area.\n", "A yellow double stacked bus traveling under a bridge.", "A yellow double decker bus driving under an overpass."]
["A giraffe standing underneath a beautiful rainbow in a cloudy sky..", "The giraffe walks across the savanna as the hint of a rainbow lights up the sky.", "A lonely giraffe is walking in the middle of a grassy field. ", "A giraffe walks in the tall grass as a rainbow shines in the sky behind it.", "A giraffe is walking through prairie grass with something attached to its tail.  "]
["A giraffe walks leisurely through the tall grass.", "A giraffe walks through the grass of an open field. ", "A giraffe standing in the middle of a tall grass field.", "A giraffe is standing all alone in a grassy area.", "a large lengthy giraffe standing in a field."]
["Two women each feeding a giraffe at their enclosure.", "A woman in a hat feeds a giraffe from her hand.", "A woman feeding a giraffe over a wooden fence", "woman in a hat feed a giraffe out of hand", "Woman and man feeding giraffes behind a fence outside."]
["A park bench on a beach of white sand looking out to the ocean.", "A wooden bench sitting in the snow next to the ocean.", "Snow has fallen on the beach right next to the ocean.", "A bench sits in the middle of the snow.", "A empty bench on a snow covered beach."]
["A park bench overlooks the ocean in the snow.", "A bench near the water surrounded by snow", "The bench is on a snow covered beach of an ocean.", "A bench faces a snowy seaside under a bright sun.", "A bench sitting in the snow in front of a body of water."]
["A bus parked on a street next to a tree.", "A colorful bus on the street next to a tree.", "There is a bus 61A stop at the street", "The city bus is parked on the side of the road. ", "A blue bus is parked by a strip of grass."]
["A large orange bus that is rolling down the street.", "a big orange bus that is parked on a street", "An orange bus on a street in a city.", "A very big bright orange colored bus on the street.", "An orange Irvings of Carlisle bus is in the street."]
["A herd of sheep standing on top of a lush green field", "A small herd of sheep graze in an open pasture.", "A bunch of pretty sheep on a big grassy hill.", "Many sheep graze in a mountain field. ", "Multiple sheep grazing in a field with mountains. "]
["A man sitting on a bench next to the ocean.", "A man sitting by himself on a park bend overlooking a body of water.", "A man sitting on a bench overlooking a bay.", "The lonely man on the bench stares despondently at the water, contemplating suicide or worse.", "a man looking out in to the water with a factory on the other side"]
["A blue bus is parked on the parking lot next to another bus. ", "A couple of dark blue buses drinking next to each other.", "A bus sitting parked in the parking lot.", "A city bus is parked next to another bus.  ", "Two large blue buses parked on the street."]
["A long bus being loaded onto a large tow truck.", "A blue, orange and white bus on street next to ramp.", "A bus is traveling down the side of the road. ", "Bus backing up and being loaded onto a truck outside", "A bus that is sitting on the side of the road."]
["A couple of yellow buses parked on top of a road.", "Two yellow tour buses parked side by side.", "two yellow tour buses sitting in a parking lot ", "Yellow parked Tyneale Links bus with red logo.", "Yellow passenger buses sit side by side in a parking lot."]
["a big bus driving down the road next to another bus ", "A bus on a city street surrounded by brick buildings, ", "Tourist bus parked at a terminal in a village.", "A white bus driving down a street next to tall buildings.", "Two buses driving on a brick road near buildings. "]
["a red bus that has stuff wrote on the outside", "This is a big colorful bus for tourists", "a double decker tour bus is parked on a street.", "A double deck bus with an open roof on the road", "A red double decker sight seeing bus driving down the street"]
["A yellow fire hydrant sitting in front of a building.", "A yellow fire hydrant is shown on the sidewalk.", "The sidewalk by the fire hydrant is clean and quiet. ", "A yellow fire hydrant in front of a plain-looking building.", "A building on a sidewalk with a hydrant in front."]
["A stone statue of an elderly woman sits upon a wooden bench.", "A statue of a woman on a wooden bench.", "Park bench with a statue of a older lady sitting on it.", "a statue is sitting on a bench outside", "A statue sitting on a bench in front of a tree."]
["a statue of a woman is on a bench", "a wooden bench with a statue of a woman with a book", "A statue sitting on top of a wooden bench.", "a statue of an oldwoman sitting on a bench", "A life sized sculpture of a woman sitting on a park bench"]
["a public transit bus parked with its doors open", "a yellow and green bus parked in front of a building", "An old fashion city bus sits in a museum. ", "A bus destined for Cleveland Avenue is near a building and has people moving within it.", "A vintage bus is parked under an overhang"]
["A yellow double decker bus driving down a street", "Some cars and a double decker bus drive down the street.", "A large yellow two level bus on a narrow street.", "Yellow bus in traffic lane on paved roadway.", "A large double decker yellow bus is shown driving."]
["Two big white city buses parked near the curb.", "The city buses are parked on the side of the road to pick up the passengers.", "Three people waiting to get on two buses.", "Two buses at the bus stop waiting for the passengers to board.", "Two buses parked at a bus stop on a street."]
["White wooden bench next to reddish orange bricked wall.", "A bench sitting in a brick courtyard in front of a wall.", "A bench is in front brick wall between two plant beds.", "A garden bench in front of a red tiled wall", "a park bench in front of a red backdrop"]
["A double decker bus is riding down the street.", "a double decker bus with a billboard on the side driving down the road\n", "A double-decker bus that is not in service.", "A red double-decker bus driving down the road. ", "a double deckered bus on a city street"]
["A large white bush stopped at a bus stop.", "A large tour bus stopped on a city street", "A white coach travel bus sits parked on the street corner. ", "White tour bus passing through a small city street. ", "A white bus has Stotts written on the side."]
["a bench with a wall and pavement ", "A park bench up against a brick wall.", "A black and white image of a bench against a wall.", "A bench is placed in front of a brick wall.", "A bench sitting in front of a brick wall on a patio."]
["four coach buses parked in a parking lot", "A lot of buses are in the lot.", "Two red buses parked next to two white buses.", " A bus terminal with four buses parked outside.", "Several buses parked in a parking lot next to a building.", "Four buses parked in a lot near a large tent."]
["The large city bus is painted bright yellow.", "A yellow bus on street with a building in the background.", "A yellow bus driving down a street next to tall buildings.", "A yellow city bus stopped on the street", "A handicapped accessible bus moving down a city street."]
["A man cleaning up a mess on a street with a red fire hydrant.", "A man is working near a red fire hydrant", "A red fire hydrant stands in a parking lot while a man holding the handle of a tool is in the distance.", "There is a person outside near a red fire hydrant.", "A man does work in parking lot with a fire hydrant.  "]
["A double level bus on a street driving through a construction area.", "A double decker bus rides down the street. ", "A double decker bus driving on a road with construction.", "A bus that is driving on the road.", "A double decker bus drives through a construction zone. "]
["A bus parked at a bus stop on a city block.", "A bus stopped near the sidewalk at a bus stop.", "A blue bus is near a bus stop and people are near and cluster in the bus stop.", "People at a bus stop boarding a bus.", "A bus is pulled up to a bus stop in the winter."]
["A blue and white double decker bus next to a barrier.", "Riders lined up outside of a bus at a stop", "People boarding a large bus at a bus station.", "The front of a bus behind a fence", "a public transit bus parked near a railing "]
["A bus sits next to a curb at a cross walk.", "A bus is parked and not in service", "A bus not in service parked at a bus stop.", "An empty public bus parked at a station.", "A bus that has stopped on the street next to a bus stop"]
["A man sitting on a wooden bench near a lake.", "a man sits on a bench next to a dog", "A man is sitting on a bench looking out at the water.", "A man and a dog are on a bench near a lake.", "A man and a dog on a lakeside bench"]
["A city with buildings, streets, and cars going down the road. ", "A large black and white building beside a street.", "The busy street has a large building on the side.", "Cars travel in one direction down a city street.", "Street view of a big with building with a blue sky."]
["a bench in the woods covered in snow ", "A bench filled with snow near a few other trees.", "Black and white photograph of a park bench on a snowy day", "an empty park bench covered with snow in a wooded area", "A snowy bench is sitting in the woods."]
["A double deck tour bus riding down a street.", "A double decker bus rolls by a red sidewalk", "There is a silver double decker bus with words printed on the side of it.", "A modern double decker bus with large windows on a city street", "A double decker bus driving on a street"]
["The red bus is parked at the traffic signal near other cars. ", "Roadway intersection with numerous buses in large city.", "A double decker bus waiting in traffic for a green light.", "Several buses and cars sitting at a traffic light on a road.", "Traffic waits at a stop light, while pedestrians cross the street."]
["A wooden bench near two barrels with flowers. ", "A picnic table under an awning and wooden potted plants.", "Two decorative barrel planters sit next to a picnic table.", "Two pots of flowers are by a picnic bench.", "A picnic table near decorative wooden flower pots."]
["A white and blue bus sitting on the side of tall buildings.", "A bus travelling on a street on a sunny day. ", "A blue motorcoach on a street in a city. ", "A blue bus that is sitting in the street.", "a public transit bus on a city street"]
["Two double-decker buses followed by two smaller trucks.", "Several trucks and buses that are parked in a large garage.", "A couple of red double decker buses parked next to a tow truck.", "Red buses and a white truck parked in a building. ", "double decker busses sit inside a mainstance station"]
["An orange bus parked next to a building.", "Bus sitting next to doors with broken front windsheild", "A orange bus is near two walls on concrete.", "The bus isn't in service being of the cracked window", "an orange bus is parked against a curb"]
["A woman sitting on a bench in a field in front of a pond.", "A woman sitting on a bench in the grass. ", "A woman sitting on top of a bench on a lush green field.", "A person sitting on a bench in the sun by water ", "Person sitting on bench in large grassy field area."]
["There is a yellow fire hydrant I. The street", "Yellow fire hydrant with eyes drawn on side near large grassy area.", "A yellow fire hydrant with a couple of eyes drawing on it.", "Fire hydrant that has two eyes painted on it", "A yellow fire hydrant with painted-on eyes on a sidewalk"]
["a red double decker bus with a movie poster on the sign of it", "A double-decker bus sits in an enclosed area.", "red doubledecker bus parked in front of brick building", "A red double decker bus is parked inside a garage.", "A red double decker bus parked in a garage."]
["A yellow city bus going to walmart and the hospital", "A public passenger bus traveling down a city street.", "The large, yellow city bus has three doors on it's side.", "A bus stops at an intersection in a city.", "A yellow city bus driving on the  street."]
["Several hoofed animals much on hay in the stable.  ", "Several sheep in an enclosure lined with hay.", "When the pasture is covered with snow, these sheep eat hay.", "Sheep laying and eating hay in an enclosure.", "A couple of sheep laying on top of a pile of dry grass."]
["Close up of a red fire hydrant near a sidewalk.", "The red fire hydrant has writing imprinted on it. ", "Fire hydrant on the side grass sidewalk with street.", "a close up of a red fire hydrant. ", "A red fire hydrant on a paved sidewalk."]
["A blue bus sitting in the middle of a street.", "people standing while city buses pass by on the street", "a public transit bus on a city street", "A bus stopped at an intersection waiting for the light to change.", "A blue bus is going through a narrow street."]
["a public transit bus on a city street ", "A gold articulated bus on a rural route.", "A bus is riding down the street on a fall day.", "Yellow city bus driving down a rural road", "A passenger bus that is driving down the street."]
["A light colored sheep looking ahead in a road.", "A white sheep standing on a road near a fence.", "a animal that is standing in the middle of the road", "Small white sheep standing on a gravel road by itself. ", "The sheep is looking plaintively down the road."]
["A golden bus driving over a bridge spanning a river.", "A golden colored passenger bus is heading to Gateshead. ", "A public transit bus rides a street along the water.", "a city bus drives down a road next to some water ", "a public transit bus on a city street"]
["A gold bus traveling on a single lane road", "A golden bus driving down a curvy road next to a bridge.", "A Mercedes passenger bus driving on a road with an overpass behind it and tree on the side with no leaves.", "A big gold colored city bus on the road.", "A beige Mercedes transit bus riding on a road."]
["a big school bus drives down the street ", "A yellow school bus parked on the side of a road.", "yellow school bus drives through the wet street", "A yellow school bus is traveling down a road near a building.", "The school bus drives down the city street."]
["A double deck tour bus at a stop with passengers.", "The double decker bus is parked at the bus stop", "Double decker bus parked at a bus stop on retail street.", "A double decker bus is parked on the side of a street.", "An orange bus stopped at a bus stop."]
["A double decker bus and two cars on a street at night.", "a public transit bus on a city street ", "A double decker bus is moving along a stretch of road.", "A double decker trolley car moving along a city street.", "A double deck bus is driving through a city intersection with other traffic."]
["A fire hydrant stands alone in the middle of the concrete.", "A fire hydrant stands in an empty lot next to a glove.", "A red fire hydrant stands in the asphalt with a pair of gloves near by.", "an odd looking fire  hydrant with a pair of gloves on the ground", "A fire hydrant with a glove next to it"]
["A group of giraffe standing next to each other.", "A giraffe near people while looking at the camera.", "Several giraffes gather at an elevated platform to take food from zoo visitors.", "A giraffe is bending over a fence as a girl watches.", "Two giraffes looking over a large metal fence."]
["Two cars driving down a street next to a green bus.", "A green bus driving down a busy street in front of a large brick building.", "a long green passenger bus making its way around a corner", "A green city bus crossing a street intersection.", "A couple of cars and bus on a city street."]
["A green bus is turning in front of a grey car.", "a green piggy back bus pulling in front of a car", "A double long bus makes a turn through an intersection.", "A large green bus turns left onto a street, at an intersection", "a green and white bus a car and some buildings"]
["A red fire hydrant sitting in front of a brick building.", "A red fire hydrant is near a brick wall.", "A red fire hydrant with the shadow of a light post.", "a firehydrant casting a large shadow on a  brick wall", "The shadow of a lamppost on a wall behind a fire hydrant"]
["A bear that is walking in the water.", "A bear is catching food in a river.", "a bear on many rocks  near a body of water ", "there is a black bear that has caught a fish in his mouth", "A black bear standing in the middle of a river with rocks."]
["Different kinds of street signs hanging from a pole in the city. ", "A pole is holding up street signs in the city.", "An intersection with multiple street signs on a pole. ", "A German street sign at a very busy intersection in town.", "there are many different street name signs on the same pole"]
["a photo of a light pole near a city street ", "A parking lot sign in front of a big building.", "THIS IS A PARKING GARAGE SIGN STATING IT IS ALSO HANDICAP EXCESSABLE", "A direction sign has a handicap sign on it", "A sign that shows where a parking area is."]
["A sign warning bike riders to reduce speed.", "A road sign that says reduce speed for motorcycles.", "a red white and yellow reduce speed sign and a parked motorcycle", "A sign for motor cycles saying reduce speed.", "A sign on a street says to reduce speed on motorcycles."]
["Street corner signs above a red stop sign.", "Two different street signs posted on top of a STOP sign. ", "A red stop sign underneath green street signs.", "A red stop sign with a green street sign on top", "A stop sign with two street signs mounted on top of it."]
["A humming bird flying next to a red bird feeder.", "A small hummingbird drinks from a bird feeder.", "Hummingbird in flight looking at feeder in daylight.", "a hummingbird looking at a little bird feeder", "A humming bird flying toward a water container."]
["A bird flying through the air while flapping it's wings.", "a humming bird that is in mid flight.", "The tiny bird hovers in the air with its wings.", "A bird in the air flapping his wings during the day.", "a bird that is flying in the air."]
["The street sign is clearly visible for all to see. ", "Back side view of a stop sign and a street sign.", "The picture shows power lines, a tree, and a street sign.", "Looking up at trees, wires and a street sign", "A road sign for uplands over the back of a stop sign."]
["A herd of sheep walking across a lush green field.", "A herd of animals in a field with a tree.", "Sheep of different sizes standing in grassy field. ", "A group non shaved sheep and shaved sheep in a field.", "A block of sheep and lambs walking under a tree in a green pasture."]
["Two zebras and a giraffe in a zoo enclosure. ", "A couple of zebra standing next to a giraffe.", "two zebras and a giraffe in their pen ", "A sitting zebra is near a standing zebra and a giraffe.", "Two zebras and a giraffee are seen at a zoo."]
["A large goose cleaning itself by the water", "A bird pecking at it's own body next to a pool.", "A large bird, with a very long neck, cleaning itself.", "A  black and white duck scratching itself with it's beak.", "A grey and white bird using its beak to dig into its feathers."]
["A person giving a giraffe some food with his hand.", "A person is feeding a giraffe over a fence.", "a young boy feeding a giraffe over a fence", "A man in blue shirt feeding a giraffe behind a fence.", "A person reaching over the fence feeding a giraffe at a zoo."]
["A brown duck floats by itself on the water", "A duck swimming in the water, in a pond.", "The duck is in the  moving water ", "A duck is swimming in the pond to the next destination.", "A duck is swimming alone is a pond."]
["Signs at a resort pointing in many directions", "a pole with a dozen or more signs on it.", "A number of traffic signs regarding different cities. ", "A series of signs attached to one pole.", "A sign pole with the mileage to many cities."]
["A smaller car is stopped at the red light, as traffic drives on. ", "Intersection with cars pulled up to red light with trees lining road.", "A car that is sitting underneath a stop light.", "A car stopped at a red light at an intersection.", "A picture of a intersection at a red light. "]
["A street sign for Battery Plaza, and a One Way street sign. ", "There is a one way sign on the sign post.", "a close up of a street sign with a building in the background", "A one way sign is hidden behind a pole overlooking a stately building.", "A closeup of a street sign attached to a pole."]
["A black cat wearing a tin foil hat looking off into the distance.", "A black cat has a tinfoil hat placed on his head.", "A black cat is wearing an aluminum foil hat.", "A cat that has something on their head.", "A black cat with an aluminum foil hat on it"]
["A bird is standing upright in the water and leaves.", "A bird standing on debris in the water. ", "A small bird standing in water surrounded by rocks.", "Little chubby bird standing on the ground near the water", "A little brown bird standing in water and rocks."]
["A blue street sign next to a power pole.", "It's helpful for tourists to have the street signs translated into English.", "A street sign on a road in front of a building.", "The street sign next to the building has 4 streets on it.", "Street signs for PUSHKIN Str. and NALBANDYAN Str."]
["A couple of blue street signs hanging off the sides of a pole.", "blue Vietnamese street signs on a foggy day", "The two street signs looked taller than the bus.", "The street sign is posted on a red and white pole.", "This is two signs in a language that is not English."]
["Several people stand on a sidewalk by a train next to a cart stacked with materials.", "A cart full of hay on a platform of a train station;", "A group of people looking at a stack of hay bales. ", "a black cart an orange and red train car and some people", "Bundles of rope are on a cart in front of a train."]
["A flock of birds flying in an overcast sky", "Several birds are flying in a group across the sky.", "The flock of birds are traveling closely together in the sky.", "A large group of birds can be seen flying in the sky.", "Looking up at a flock of small birds in the sky"]
["A red train traveling past a train station with red cars.", "A train that is parked at some kind of station.", "an old passenger train with several box cars", "A passanger train stopped on the railroad tracks.", "Train stopped on tracks with a second set of tracks next to it.", "The train has special Pullman sleeper cars that can travel a long range route."]
["A red train traveling under a bridge on train tracks.", "A red passenger carriage attached to a train.", "A train that is sitting on a rail.", "The maroon train cars are passing underneath a walkway bridge. ", "A red train parked at a train station"]
["A train pulling into a train station with large windows.", "A train pulled into the last stop of a station", "A high speed training waiting in a train station.", "There is a train pulled into the station", "Large commuter train in a station being blocked by red barriers. "]
["A passenger train at the end of a set of tracks in a building .", "A train in a modern style train station with large glass windows.", "A train pulls into a station with barriers.", "A train arriving in an inside train depot.", "A big yellow train parked inside of a terminal."]
["A man with a camouflage umbrella hat is taking a picture.", "A smiling man with an umbrella hat prepares to take a picture.", "a photographer wears a umbrella to get camera dry", "A man holding  camera with a hands free umbrella on his head.", "A man wearing a camo umbrella hat and holding a camera"]
["A street sign with mount pleasant rd. and 630.", "A street sign in front of a tree with purple flowers.", "A street sign posted to the side of a wooden pole.", "A street sign that says mount pleasant road on a pole", "A street sign and a plant hanging from a medal pole."]
["A mountainside with a railroad of trains passing.", "A train crossing a bridge over water next to some hills. ", "A train goes over a bridge in a mountainous area. ", "A train following train tracks in the mountains. ", "A train crossing of a railroad bridge above water."]
["Street sign in front of a large building and clear skies.", "A road sign and a man pointing at it", "The sign is pointing in a direction with a building behind it ", "Someone is holding up a paper doll just below a white sign.", "A person holding up something under a street sign"]
["One train riding on the multiple train tracks side by side. ", "A train on tracks in a rail yard.", "A blue train traveling past a set of traffic lights.", "A train that is on it's tracks under some wires.", "a train that is on a rail road track"]
["The truck is traveling down the rural road.", "Man standing behind a pickup truck with gate on it. ", "a male in a gray shirt and a red and brown truck", "A man is walking beside a truck with a stick in his hands", "Man walking around side of truck with cows in back"]
["two birds flying over some water and their reflection", "Two birds flying over a body or water with their reflection in the water.", "The birds  are flying in the air looking for a spot to land.", "Two birds fly over a body of water.", "two birds flying thru the air above a body of wter"]
["A train traveling down train tracks next to a train yard.", "Cargo trains pass each other at the train station.", "A train driving on the tracks in the city", "Switching yard of an industrial railway station in a city", "Rural train depot, level crossing and buildings "]
["A young boy is dressed up in a black pinstriped suit and hat.", "Little boy in pinstripe suit and black hat.", "The young child is wearing a pin striped suit.", "A boy wearing a three piece suit with a hat smiling. ", "A young man wearing a Zeut suit like a pimp."]
["there is a old train that is coming up the tracks", "A yellow and red train traveling down train tracks.", "A train sits on train tracks in front of some buildings.", "Train going down a track next to big buildings.", "A train sitting on the tracks next to a platform."]
["A train is passing by an empty platform", "A train that is riding on rail road  tracks.", "A blue train stopping at a train station.", "A train traveling past a train station with multiple railroad tracks.", "A railroad train passing by a passenger platform."]
["A train traveling down tracks next to a  building.", "A train going down the train tracks in the city. ", "A train driving down the tracks next to a platform.", "The train has made an important stop at the station.", "The train is going down the railroad tracks. "]
["a couple of birds are standing on some twigs", "Three birds stand next to each other on a nest.", "Three black birds are sitting in a nest.", "Several birds are standing in a large nest.", "Three dark colored birds are sitting on top of a nest."]
["A train sitting inside of a train station near a skylight.", "A train pulled into a station with people in the background.", "a subway in a station underneath a closed roof", "A train sitting parked at a station beside a platform.", "this is a train pulling up to a stop in the city"]
["A flock of birds are flying above the spire of a building tower.", "An image of a building with a steeple and birds flying overhead reflected in the water.", "Upside down picture of a building surrounded by birds.", "What looks like a group of birds flying into the night. ", "A building that looks like it is upside down with birds flying."]
["A train traveling through a tree filled countryside.", "A train that is riding through some plants and trees.", "A black steam locomotive on the railroad tracks.", "Altered photograph of a Chinese steam train on tracks", "A picture of a model train set on train tracks."]
["a yellow and black train is on some tracks", "A yellow train pulling into a train station.", "A train is either coming or going to a trainstop.", "A yellow and black train stopped at a platform.", "A freightliner train is pulling into a station. "]
["A train traveling past a group of tall residential buildings.", "A train driving under a bridge next to tall buildings.", "Two trains facing each other on the track.", "A train is slowly riding along a train track in an old city. ", "Old blue train with other train parts sitting around it on a station. "]
["A train's door is open for its oncoming passengers.", "A train car's open door exposes a sink and toilet room. ", "The door on the train is standing open.", "A train that is driving by in the day.", "Business class carriage of an Italian train at the station"]
["A white train sitting in a train station next to a Bologna sign.", "A train is going by a terminal with a sign.", "A passenger train at the station in Bologna.", "A train station with a train on the tracks. ", "A train on tracks is near a sign that reads, \"Bologna Centrale\". "]
["Two different looking trains on the train track. ", "A black train parked next to a  red train in a train station.", "THERE ARE TRAINS THAT ARE ON THE TRAIN TRACK ", "Two small trains parked on an outdoor platform.", "Two trains are parked next to each other on the tracks."]
["A red, black and yellow train coming down the tracks by a body of water. ", "A train rolls down a coastal track with views of the sea.", "a red white yellow and black train coming down a track", "A train makes its way along a scenic track.", "A train comes around the bend on a scenic route."]
["A train turning a corner around a hill outside of an ocean.", "a long train coming around a train track ", "A train comes down the tracks beside a grassy hill.", "A train passing by a hill on the water.", "A train is shown riding on the tracks near water."]
["Two red and yellow trains parked next to each other.", "Two railroad trains with different front cars together", "two yellow and red trains parked on the tracks ", "Red and yellow trains sitting side by side to each other. ", "The front of modern commuter trains at the station"]
["A road work sign stands near a curb on a residential street.", "The sign lets us know people are working on the side of the road. ", "There are signs of construction work ahead with orange cones and flags.", "There is a sign that warns people of work ahead", "This utility work sign is warning drivers to be cautious about approaching the area where the white truck is located."]
["A rainbow in the sky over a street. ", "A street sign that is in front of a rainbow in the sky.", "A rainbow in the sky over chapel rd", "A big pretty rainbow over a long empty road.", "A rainbow is in the sky over an empty stretch of road."]
["A green and yellow train sitting under a metal structure.", "a yellow and green train is pulling into a station.", "The large cargo train is green and yellow.", "A train car sitting on a track in a depot area.", "the train number 66520 is parked at the station"]
["a train sitting on the rails under power lines", "A train on train tracks that run parallel to many other train tracks.", "A stationary train sitting on the train tracks.", "A black and yellow railroad train pulling cars\n", "Train with yellow facing on tracks in urban setting."]
["Two buses hitched together sitting on the street.", "People sitting on a bench near two connected buses.", "A couple of train cars facing each other.", "Two trolley cars drive down a street with a McDonald's and people in the background.", "People are waiting on the bench at a station."]
["A cat looks at a computer screen while snuggled against a keyboard.", "A cat laying down on a desk by a computer keyboard.", "A cat sitting on the keyboard of a computer ", "a cat sitting on top of a computer keyboard", "a large black and white cat sitting on a computer keyboard looking at the screen"]
["an odd looking red and yellow train sitting on the track", "A red and yellow train ending on tracks next to a building.", "A read train going along a track during the day.", "a train passes in front of a building ", "A small red train on a steel track."]
["a red train on a train track below power lines.", "A red train sits on the rail road tracks.", "A red train traveling past a brick building.", "a train on a train track with power lines above", "A red and yellow train engine passing by a building."]
["A silver train that is sitting on a track.", "A large long train on a steel track.", "A train on the platform in a station.", "Very modern train parked in and empty station.", "The train is stopped on the tracks to pick up passengers."]
["A large train resting inside a railway station.", "a train in a station and people moving in and out", "a bus terminal with a train parked in it", "This is a yellow train sitting on the train tracks.", "A passenger train sits in the station, while covered with graffiti."]
["A yellow train traveling down tracks next to a train station.", "A yellow train is coming down the tracks", "A train driving down the train tracks next to houses.", "a large train going down the tracks at a station", "A train on it's railroad tracks and a cloudy sky. "]
["A purple and yellow train traveling down train tracks.", "a train sitting on some tracks next to a sidewalk", "A very pretty bright colored train on the tracks.", "a yellow blue and purple train sitting on the track", "A train riding on a track next to a platform. "]
["Yellow train cars sitting on sidetrack in urban area.", "The train is going down the railroad tracks. ", "a parked train sits on tracks next to a building ", "Train cars sit on the tracks next to a wall.", "A long yellow train is on the train tracks by an old building."]
["A street sign set on a steel pole.", "An up close photo of a street sign near a plant", "A street sign, \"Chemin du Crozet\" in front of a beige building.", "Blue street sign with brown and green building behind it.", "A blue street sign hanging from a metal pole."]
["A bunch of trains that are on a track.", "a number of trains on a track with power lines above ", "A cargo train that is traveling down the tracks.", "Train moving through a rail yard as it passes by with many cars", "A train yard holds several trains in wait."]
["A train going down the train tracks in a building. ", "an old passenger train one car looks a lot like a stage coach", "The passenger train is traveling on the tracks.", "Old black train sitting inside a display area with open windows. ", "Antique trains are parked in a terminal with flags."]
["A train traveling down train tracks near a building.", "Dark colored train with yellow and red on tracks in urban setting.", "a train on a train track with power lines above", "A photograph of a train traveling down the tracks.", "A large long train on a steel track."]
["A bright yellow railroad car on the tracks.", "A yellow train  sitting on the railroad tracks.", "A yellow train passing by a train station.", "A yellow train waits for its next load.", "A train is shown next to a wall."]
["A yellow and rd train parked in a train station.", "Freight train with tanker cars idle in a train yard.", "Long train sitting parked in the train yard", "A train locomotive with many tanker cars behind it.", "There are people near the train stations in the train port"]
["The single train car is painted purple and yellow.", "This train is parked at a loading dock.", "A red and yellow train on one of several train tracks.", "A yellow and maroon train traveling down the train tracks.", "a single train car pulled into an outside train station "]
["A silver and yellow train pulling into a train station.", "THERE IS A TRAIN IN THE TRAIN STATION ", "A silver tram in a large subway station.", "A train is stopped to pick up passengers.", "A passenger train parked at an indoor train platform with people on the platform area."]
["a blue train driving on a train track below multiple power lines.", "The passenger train is parked on the tracks.", "A passenger train on the tracks below many power lines.", "A light blue train with red doors is on the tracks.", "A train moves down the tracks in an outdoor setting."]
["a train sitting on a train track next to some trees", "A yellow train is traveling down the train tracks. ", "A yellow train is parked at a station.", "A passenger train speeding down the train tracks.", "A train is coming to a halt at a platform. "]
["A train is moving on tracks beside a sidewalk.", "A blue and yellow train pulling into the train station", "A train pulls into a station constructed of brick, rock, and metal.", "A blue and yellow train stopped on the tracks at a train station.", "A MASSIVE TRAIN GOING THROUGH A TUNNEL STATION"]
["A  busy chinese market crowded at night.", "The outside of a chinese style market with lots of people.", "a sign a asian characters and lanterns near the sign", "Crowds of people walking down a street with markets and chines lanterns", "A crowded street is brightly lit at night."]
["a yellow and black train sitting next to a platform ", "A blue and yellow train traveling past tall buildings.", "A multicolor passenger train waiting at a platform.", "A train is parked by the sidewalk in the city.", "a train sits at a train platform with no people on it"]
["A train pulling out of a train station next to train tracks.", "a train pulled up to an empty train station", "Freightliner train passing passenger pickup area with no on at station.", "A freight liner train heads down a train track.", "A yellow train pulling into the train station"]
["A vintage train carrying cars rides on railroad tracks.", "a black passenger train going down the track", "A railroad on the tracks in an industrial looking location.", "A red and black train traveling down train tracks.", "a locomotive train resting on some tracks next to a building"]
["A commuter train pulling into a busy train station.", "A train station full of people and one train. ", "People wait at a train station to board a train.", "A train pulling into an old train station.", "This is a black and white photo o fa steam train"]
["A coupe of road signs near a downtown area or highway. ", "A variety of signs are attached to a pole.", "a night time street with a red don't walk sign and some street signs ", "A picture of various roadsigns and a crosswalk signal.", "A street sign points in the direction of the road."]
["Several rows of track with a 'direct rail services' train on the furthest one. ", "A train is waiting on the rails to start moving. ", "A train car sitting on one of many tracks.", "A blue train is on train tracks next to a brick building.", "A blue and yellow train engine on the train tracks. "]
["A yellow train passing by a train station's loading area.", "A green and yellow train on the tracks at the station. ", "A train pulls in to the train station.", "A freightliner train pulling into the train platform.", "A train on tracks in a train station next to a platform."]
["a picture of a bunch of train cars colored red.", "A red train is on a track and the other track is empty.", "A red train car traveling down train tracks.", "A red train car is on the tracks between other cars.", "A red train with 2 cars sitting on tracks."]
["A train is going down the track under a bridge.", "A passenger train is parked on the tracks.", "A large long train on a steel track.", "A train is traveling along train tracks under a signal.", "A passenger train is on the train track."]
["A stop sign posed on a pier next to a lake.", "A stop sign is shown on top of a wooden platform.", "A stop sign that is on the dock of a pier. ", "A stop sign lying on a wooden dock.", "A stop sign sitting on a wooden deck."]
["A railroad train pulling in to the train station.", "A train sits on its tracks at a station.", "A red and yellow train is pulled up to a cement platform.", "A training at a train station waiting to take off. ", "A red train traveling down a train station."]
["A couple of red trains parked in a train station.", "two trains parked side by side in a train station with people wallking bye", "Two trains are parked at the train station.", "two red trains sitting next to each other on the tracks ", "Subway trains are sitting idle on a railway."]
["A train pulls up as a man stands waiting alongside snack machines.", "A red train sitting next to a loading platform.", "A orange train is under an overpass near a platform.", "A red train on tracks next to a station platform.", "A red and white bullet train pulling into a station."]
["a train that is on a large rail way", "A passenger twain in station for people to be on inside", "A silver and red train sitting inside of a train station.", "A train that is sitting on tracks in a station.", "The sleek, modern metro train is stopped at a platform. "]
["A train traveling down tracks near a small town.", "A train on tracks with a view of the city ", "A train makes its way through the city scape", "A train is on a train track near the station.", "A train comes flying down the railroad tracks."]
["Doors open to the train to let people board and unboard", "A silver and red train at a stop with sign reading \"stafford.\"", "A train waiting for passengers to board at Stafford. ", "A train station with a train at the platform with its doors open.", "A train stopped at a train stop with sign saying Stafford. "]
["Orange and black uniformed worker standing outside of moving train.", "A man standing next to a moving train.", "A man standing near a passing train as it travels by him.", "A man on the platform near a passing train. ", "A guy stand near a train at the train station."]
["A train riding on a track near a platform.", "The train adds fantastic color to its drab surroundings.", "A multicolored train sitting at a train station.", "A dark blue, yellow and red train at a train station. ", "Commercial train on tracks near platform in industrial area."]
["a train car parked in a train yard", "a long blue train is sitting on some tracks", "A train driving on the tracks near a platform.", "A blue train sitting on top of train tracks.", "Blue train cars sitting alone on the side of the train station. "]
["A blue train car sitting on top of train tracks.", "an image of a train going down the railroad track", "A row of blue train cars with names on the side.", "A row of blue and white train cars that read \"stobart rail.\"", "Containers of a railway freight service operator in the UK"]
["The blue trailers are being hauled by a train.", "A rail cart with the words Less CO2 Rail on it.", "A train passing down a track, with a blue trailer.", "some blue and white train cars tracks and buildings", "a train on a track near some buildings"]
["Commuter train stopped on tracks at red light, green light further up the track.", "An engine and second car of a passenger train.", "A subway train with multiple cars at a station.", "A train sitting at a train station platform.", "Two different colored passenger rail cars on tracks."]
["A blue and yellow train sitting in a train station.", "A shiny blue and yellow passenger train at a station.", "A blue and orange  passenger train is leaving the platform.", "A blue train arriving at a train station.", "A blue and orange subway sits at a station."]
["two trains sit motionless at a train depot", "two trains on a train track at a train station", "A pair of trains are stopped next to each other.", "Two trains side by side on a rail road track .", "Two blue and yellow train engines parked on the tracks."]
["A passenger train parked at the train station.", "A close up of a subway train as it sits in the station.", "A train that stopped at a train station. ", "A high speed bullet train parked in a train station.", "A yellow high-speed train sits in the terminal. "]
["A train traveling down train tracks next to a lush green forest.", "A train with many cars coming down a track.", "Train pulling cars on multiple track area with many electrical wires overhead.", "The train cars are on the railroad tracks", "A long yellow and black train is approaching an intersection."]
["The large passenger train is painted maroon and gold.", "A odd looking red train stopped at a station .", "A stylish red bullet shaped train at a station.", "A train pulls up next to a platform that is empty.", "A public transit train at the train station."]
["Two railroad trains standing side by side on the tracks.", "Two trains sit parked at the train station.", "Trains sit at a station on a sunny day.", "Two trains are side by side at the end of the tracks", "Two trams are docked at a metro station."]
["Stop sign placed in the middle of a single roads curve.", "A stop sign set on the inner curve of a curving dirt road.", "An empty dirt road with a single stop sign.", "A stop sign in the middle of nowhere commands respect.", "some brown dirt and a red and white stop sign"]
["Two bright green passenger trains pass by with people standing in the doorways. ", "A couple of trains that are by each other.", "two trains near each other with a bridge in the background", "The space between two trains as they pass each other", "One train is passing very close to another."]
["A long white passenger train traveling through lush green countryside.", "A train rounding a corner in a jungle type area.", "White passenger train passing through a jungle area. ", "The train is traveling around a long curved track.", "A train carrying carts coming around a curve on a track."]
["a train is next to a city by the mountains", "A subway passing a subway station of a city", "A blue train traveling down the rail road tracks.", "this is a blue train on some tracks", "A blue train is moving from the train station"]
["A train with a yellow front is on the tracks.", "A train has pulled up to a platform that has a yellow line.", "A train riding near another train and the platform.", "A freight train stopped at a train station.", "A black and yellow railroad train at the platform"]
["A blue, yellow and red train travels across the tracks near a depot", "there is a small train that is stopped on the tracks", "A train engine pulling carts into a station.", "A colorful train near a platform and train tracks. ", "Yellow and blue train with British flag painted on it."]
["A train pulls up alongside a paved waiting area.", "Small bus parked on the side of a train station area.", "A train inside a train station during the day.", "A railroad train pulling into the station platform.", "a metro transport train in an urban setting."]
["A train traveling down train tracks next to a tall building.", "A train car with a British flag painted on it's side.", "a train on a track with a flag painted on the side", "The train engine has a flag painted on the side.", "A locomotive with a British flag is shown here."]
["A train that is sitting on the rails next to a pole.", "The side of a large black train with a red stripe and white number.", "A train car is shown next to a light on a pole.", "A large black train that reads \"551\". ", "A black locomotive with car number 551 behind it."]
["A passenger train is at the train station.", "A train stopped at a train station during daytime.", "A commuter train parked at a train station.", "A blue and yellow train stopped at a terminal. ", "A passenger train makes a stop to pick up travelers. "]
["A Freightliner train moving through a train yard.", "A black and yellow train traveling down train tracks.", "A yellow and black train travelling on the tracks. ", "a train resting on a train track with other tracks around it", "a train moving along the rail with many besides"]
["A train on a track at an empty station.", "A yellow train sitting at the train station.", "A yellow train pulled into a train station next to a red train.", "Two trains, one yellow and one red, travel near a train station", "A yellow train on the track at the train station."]
["a train on a train track with a sky background", "Several train tracks and the train station with a train parked.", "A red train with a yellow front is on the tracks.", "A rusty red train is driving along the tracks", "A red, yellow and gray train at a station"]
["a train on a track near many power lines ", "A freight train parked at a train station", "A black and yellow train passing by buildings on tracks.", "A freight train hauling coal stands on a siding in front of a depot.", "Black train cars with yellow logo, on track moving through station."]
["A red and yellow train with two very large eyes.", "The train has stopped on the tracks at the train station. ", "A commuter train pulls into a cement platform.", "A maroon and yellow train waits at a platform.", "The long, maroon passenger train is pulling into a platform."]
["A red train is in a train station.", "Red and grey bullet trains in a train station.", "A sleek looking red train parked at a train station.", "A red bullet train pulling into a train station.", "A bullet train slows down in a train station."]
["A white vehicle is parked near a parking meter.", "A parking meter sitting on the side of a street next to a parked car.", "White car behind digital parking meter and construction truck in background.", "A close-up of a parking meter in front of a station wagon.", "White station wagon parked near a parking meter."]
["A train topped with tanks traveling down train tracks.", "Military vehicles are sitting on a train on the tracks.", "two military tanks on display at a fort", "An exhibit of tanks on a military base.", "Tanks being transported on a flat bed trailer"]
["A train with brown cars on train tracks.", "A TRAIN IS COMING THROUGH TOWN ON THE RAILS", "There is a very old wooden train on the tracks", "A passenger train is on the railroad tracks in front of a brown brick building.", "A long brown passenger cart of a train."]
["a child on a platform near a train", "A silver and blue train sitting next to a train station.", "a small boy standing on a bus station with a train going by", "A small boy standing on a platform next to a train", "A young child standing near a train at a stop."]
["A small child standing next to a train at a station.", "A young child is standing alone near a blue train. ", "A boy standing in an empty train station next to a train.", "a child walking by himself in an outside train station with a train pulled into the station ", "A small child standing next to a blue and white train."]
["A black and white photo of people at a train station ", "A group of people waiting for the subway at the Park Street stop.", "A train pulls into a station with people.", "A black and white photo of a subway station.", "People waiting in a subway to board the train."]
["A train on a railroad track parked at a station", "A purple, yellow and orange train passing a platform.", "a blue train engine sitting on the track", "A locomotive pulling freight cars in an industrial area.", "Sitting on the train tracks and taking a deserved break from it all."]
["A multicolored train passing another set of tracks.", "a train traveling down a train track under neath power lines.", "a colorful train on the tracks below a lot of wires ", "A train is traveling along a stretch of track.", "a train on a train track with power lines above"]
["a big train passes next to a side walk ", "A train that is sitting on the tracks.", "A yellow train parked next to a  small brick building.", "A yellow train in an outside train station. ", "a train pulls into a station slowly not fast"]
["a man hanging out side of the train looking at something", "A locomotive with a man peeking his head out of it.", "A green train next to a platform with a man in white looking out of it.", "Man leaning over the side of an old green steam engine train. ", "A green train with a man hanging out of the engine car."]
["A red and yellow high speed passenger train rolling along the track.", "A yellow and red train traveling down train tracks.", "A train moves along tracks in a residential area.", "This train is passing by several electric poles.", "A red and yellow train going down the train track."]
["A train riding through tracks in a large train station.", "A train driving under an overpass about to enter a station.", "A yellow and red train coming down the tracks. ", "A metro train entering into a train station", "The train is coming out of the tunnel."]
["A dark red train traveling down train tracks past a train station.", "a train on railroad tracks at a station", "An engine near its station reading West Coast", "A red train engine coming into a station.", "An engine of a train carrying carts by a building."]
["A yellow and blue train engine next to a building.", "A train car sits idle on messy train tracks.", "A blue and yellow train traveling down train tracks.", "A very bright colored blue train car near an old building.", "A yellow and blue train stranded near an abandoned building."]
["A large steam engine train traveling down train tracks.", "An old style train parked at a train station.", "The people are waiting to get on the train.", "The large train is parked near a station platform.", "A black and red train at a train station."]
["A parking meter sitting on the side of a sidewalk.", "A parking meter near a outdoor building. ", "A blank, white brick wall stands behind a parking meter.", "A parking meter is in front of a white wall.", "an empty parking next to a stone wall "]
["a yellow lifeguard truck sitting on the beach ", "A truck with a surfboard on a beach.", "A yellow life guard truck sitting on top of a beach.", "a yellow truck with a surfboard on top of it", "A yellow truck with a surfboard on it on the beach. "]
["A line in front of a black lunch truck.", "a line of people waiting on a catering truck", "A couple of food trucks with people standing outside of them.", "People are line up at the  concession stand trucks. ", "Several people waiting in line at a sidewalk vendor."]
["A group of buses parked next to each other.", "three trucks with satellite dishes and windows parked next to each other", "Recreational vehicles with satellite dishes in parking lot", "The trucks are parked and have satiate dishes. ", "Large trucks line up to display a patriotic red, white and blue.  "]
["There s a van with grafting on thevoutsidevif the van", "A box truck painted with graffiti parked on the road.", "A box truck covered in graffiti parked on the side of the road.", "a parked truck with lots of graffiti written on it", "a small cargo van covered in graffiti sitting on the side of the road"]
["A small dog sitting next to a chew toy that looks like a lion.", "A small black dog sits down next to a stuffed toy dog.", "A dog sitting on the floor next to a stuffed animal.", "A black puppy looking at a toy on a blanket.", "a close up of a dog on the ground next to a toy"]
["A truck pulled over on the side of the road.", "A truck is parked on the side of the road.", "An old dump truck pulled over to the side of the road.", "An old truck is on the side of the street parked.", "An old rusted truck sitting on the side of the road."]
["Gray cat sitting next to tennis shoes on ornate carpeting.", "The cat is sitting by the sneakers on the floor.", "A cat sitting on a carpet next to a pair of sneakers.", "A gray cat sitting next to two purple shoes.", "A grey cat sitting next to a pair of shoes"]
["A cat sitting in the middle of eight pairs of shoes.", "a cat sitting near many pairs on shoes on the ground", "Eight pairs of shoes on a mat with a cat sitting in the middle. ", "A cat sits on the floor surrounded by shoes.", "A cat is sitting among many pairs of shoes."]
["We are looking at a large truck parked in a garage.", "a truck parked inside of a structure ", "A large truck pulls in to a truck garage.", "The front of a semi truck is parked inside a garage.", "A semi truck cab in a garage for repairs."]
["A lone brown cow stands on an empty beach.", "An animal stands on the beach in front of the ocean.", "A large yak is standing alone on a beach.", "A bison standing on a beach near the shore", "A bull standing in the sand at the beach."]
["a brown bull is walking on some sand water and a rock", "this is a cow walking on a sandy beach", "A large brown cow walking across a sandy beach.", "an animal walking on the sand by the ocean.", "a cow is walking down the side of a beach"]
["a large dump truck on a dirt road", "A yellow dump truck that is near a building.", "A large construction dump truck parked by a warehouse", "The big truck is waiting for its owner.", "A large piece of equipment is parked next to a building."]
["A semi truck unattached to a trailer sits in park", "A multi colored semi truck cab is parked among other company semis.", "A green, red, and gray truck sits in a parking lot.", "A green and red semi trailer truck front without a load. ", "A semi truck parked in a parking lot next to other semi trucks."]
["A large white semi truck parked next to a green truck.", "A truck is parked without its cargo on it.", "A company manufacturing truck is sitting in a parking lot outside a building.", "A large truck without a trailer in a parking lot.", "A Tractor Truck sitting in a parking area."]
["An old truck and old car buried in snow in a winter yard", "A fire truck parked in a snowy field.", "A large red truck is seen parked in the snow.", "parked vehicles having snow sitting on and around on the ground", "Trucks and cars parked in deep snow in a rural setting."]
["brown cattle grazing on a yellow grassy area", "A couple of cattle are outside eating some grass. ", "Two brown cattle graze in a brown field.", "Two cows grazing in an open field with trees.", "Two cows grazing in a field of tall yellow grass."]
["Luggage and a shopping bag on the floor of a living room", "a couple of bags that are sitting on the ground", "A collection of luggage waiting by the stairs.", "a coupe of travel bags sit in front of a wall ", "Luggage is sitting at the top of the steps in the house"]
["A guy with a backpack looking at the ground to his left. ", "A man wearing a backpack and carrying a surfboard.", "A young guy with a backpack holding a surfboard looking down.", "A man in blue with a backpack making a silly face.", "A young man carries a backpack and surfboard."]
["A city street filled with lots of traffic and tall buildings.", "A view from a window of a small city street below.", "The city street has a lot of traffic this time of day. ", "Busy city traffic in an older part of town.", "A street is full of cars in heavy traffic."]
["A cat sitting on a chair with a bag under its  paw", " a close up of a cat laying on a couch", "Cat sitting in a chair with one paw on an empty wrapper.", "A cat that is resting on a couch.", "A black and white cat laying on a leather sofa."]
["An orange and white cat laying inside of a black pot.", "An orange and white cat laying in a black plastic planter.", "a cat is sitting in a planter outside by the house.", "a cat is laying on top on a black pot", "An orange and white cat sleeping in a flower po0t"]
["A brown calf standing in a field with another cow looking on. ", "two cows standing behind a fence with one looking at the camera", "Two cows getting ready to graze in a field.", "A calf stands in a pasture next to the woods.", "Cattle in a forest standing next to each other."]
["A bull is on a farm walking around a pen.", "a cow stands next to a wooden fence ", "A dark brown cow standing next to a wooden fence.", "A cow that is standing next to a fence.", "Black cow standing in a pasture near a ranch gate."]
["A dog walking down the middle of a street next to a store lined sidewalk.", "Cows, people, and vehicles on a city street.", "a cow walking on a city street with trees in the foreground", "Several cows wander down a city street, with buildings and cars in the background.", "A small herd of cows walking down a street."]
["A cat standing on top of a carpet on a TV screen.", "A television screen that has a picture of a cartoon cat on it.", "a tv screen showing an animated black and white cat above a box saying \"grow your own drugs\"", "The screen shows a cartoon black and white cat.", "A television displays the upcoming show to be recorded on the dvr."]
["A black cat sitting on top of a silver laptop.", "A fuzzy black cat is sitting on a laptop computer.", "On a desk, a cat sits on a laptop.", "A cat laying on top of a laptop keyboard while it is on.", "a cat on a laptop on a desk"]
["A small ferry approaching a pier with people waiting in it. ", "People standing on a dock waiting for a ferry.", "People waiting on a dock for a water taxi.", "Four people waiting for a ferry that is gliding on the water.", "People stands on a dock while a yellow boat goes by."]
["A group of colorful cows laying inside of a barn.", "A cow stands near a row of painted calves in a barn.", "some cows in the barn colored with some spray paint", "Group of cows sitting in a warehouse with protective coverings on.", "Several cows in a barn painted in various different colors"]
["A cow is laying in the grass next to the water.", "The cows are lying on the grass beside the water.", "A cow is laying in the grass by some water.", "One resting brown and white cow highlighted in a black and white photo of grass hill near water.", "A couple of cows resting in a field near the waters edge."]
["A cow standing in the water on a field.", "A cow stoops by a pond for a drink of water.", "A cow drinks water in a dirty pond next to a field.", "A cow drinking from a puddle of water.", "A cow in the pasture drinking from a lake."]
["An individual with a red tie sitting next to a dog.", "A woman sitting on the edge of a chair with a small dog at her feet ", "A very well dressed person sitting in a chair.", "A young person is sitting in a chair with vest and a tie.", "A woman in a menswear style suit sits with a Yorkshire Terrier."]
["A white dog laying on top of a couch.", "A dog is sleeping on a cushion. ", "A fluffy white dog sleeping on a couch wearing a red and white bow tie ", "a white dog is sleeping on the couch", "a white dog wearing a red polka dot tie sleeping on a chair "]
["A zebra is standing on gravel, facing the camera,", "A zebra is standing on a dirt path", "A zebra is standing on gravel near grass.", "A zebra standing next to a field with dry grass.", "A lone zebra standing in the middle of a field."]
["A boat traveling down a canal with a blurred background.", "People on a boat traveling in a river", "A photo of a boat gliding down a river", "A boat moves down a quiet canal in the sun.", "A boat sailing in a body of water near a bridge."]
["There are many small boats docked at this pier", "This is a very beautiful picture of sailboats on the water.", "A group of small boats are docked with a mountain in the background. ", "some boats are docked in the water and some hills", "A lot of boats that are in the water."]
["A man washing an elephant in a body of water.", "A man washes the back of an elephant in water. ", "A man bathing a large elephant in the river", "A man bathing an elephant with mud in a river.", "A man standing behind an elephant in a lake."]
["A truck driving down a dirt road next to parked boats.", "Large junkyard with boats on one side and cars on the other. ", "Dry docked boats in a line near a dirt road.", "A truck parked in front of a line of boats.", "Variety of large fishing vessels in dry dock area."]
["An adult elephant and two baby elephants are in a lake. ", "Several elephants walking in a line into the water.", "Adult and two young elephants enter the water", "An adult elephant next to some child elephants in some water.", "An elephant and her two babies walking in shallow water."]
["An elephant swimming in a lake at sun set.", "An elephant with tusks swims in the water with a sunset in the background.", "A elephant is swimming in the water .", "An elephant enjoying a nice bath in a large body of water.", "There is a large animal in the middle of a body of water at sunset. "]
["The person in the blue shirt has a plaid neck tie on. ", "The man is posing for a picture with a tie on.", "A man wears a tie in a Windsor knot.", "A striped tie with a blue oxford shirt.", "A man wearing a neck tie and a blue shirt."]
["A large lake filled with small white boats near a forest.", "a number of small boats in a large body of water ", "a couple of boats are sitting in the water", "Three boats in the water are near each other. ", "Three boats on a lake on a fall day."]
["A woman holding a colorful umbrella standing on top of a wet ground.", "A woman with a rainbow umbrella walks a dog in the rain.", "A woman carrying a dog on a leash while holding an umbrella.", "The woman walking a dog is holding an umbrella.", "a lady with an umbrella walking her dog in the rain"]
["A bronze statue with a neck tie around its neck", "A statue with a yellow neck tie in front of a tall building.", "A black man in a suit with an added yellow striped tie.", "a statue is wearing a small yellow tie", "A well dressed man with a serious look on his face", "A yellow necktie tied around the neck of a statue of a man."]
["Many boats are docked across from a city.", "A group of boats tied off at the shore in  harbor.", "Buildings look down on boats in the water in front of a mountain.", "There are boats docked on the pavement by a body of water.", "a line of boats are docked some water a hill and buildings"]
["A group of people riding on the back of a boat in the water.", "A group of people speed through the water on a small boat.", "A boat full of people in the ocean. ", "A boat in the ocean with several people on it with a flag on it. ", "Five people are in the motor boat crossing over the water."]
["a small boat in the ocean heading toward a navy ship", "A big ship and a small boat are in the water.", "A large ship, and a small speedboat, in a large body of water.", "The small boat on the water is going towards the ship. ", "A speedboat races in the foreground with a battleship in the distance."]
["A chair connected to a blue umbrella by a wheel and belt.", "A Chair has an umbrella and a wheel on it.", "A yellow rocking chair attached to a device with a blue umbrella over the top of it.", "A chair has a blue umbrella attached to the back.", "A chair and a blue umbrella are attached to a wheel."]
["a couple of men that are posing for a picture", "Two men in suits and ties with woman behind one of the men", "Two men standing together smiling with glasses in their hands. ", "THERE ARE TWO MEN THAT ARE STANDNG BY EACH OTHER ", "Two young men holding champagne glasses and smiling with a painting in the background."]
["there is a man wearing glasses and a suit", "The man is dressed up with his grey suit coat and glasses on.", "A man in a suit looking over at something .", "A man is standing wearing shades and a suit", "A man in suit and tie is wearing sunglasses."]
["A large grey elephant walking through a dry grass field.", "A large elephant walking in the tall grass.", "A close up of an elephant walking in the grass.", "Large adult grey elephant with a broken tusk.", "A large elephant walks through a huge grassy field"]
["An elephant standing in the dry grass at the edge of water.", "An elephant eats in the grass in his habitat.", "An elephant drinking water on the edge of a body of water.", "A single elephant standing next to a body of water drinking.", "An elephant has it's trunk in it's mouth standing in the grass."]
["A mama elephant and her two babies are standing alone in their habitat.", "An grown elephant standing beside its two babies. ", "Adult elephant walking away with two young ones next to it.", "An adult elephant standing next to two baby elephants.", "Three elephants on dirt road next to trees."]
["an elephant carrying some people on its back ", "A tourist family is riding an elephant in the woods.", "People ride on the back of an elephant while being guided along with other elephants. ", "People ride on elephants in a wooded area.", "Atribe of people ride some elephants out side"]
["Some very cute elephants together by some water.", "Three elephants are getting a drink from a body of water. ", "Several elephants in the wild near water ", "Three large adult elephants stand near two young elephants close to water.", "There are five elephants near to the water. "]
["an umbrella set up on a beach in the sun", "an umbrella is sat out on a sandy beach", "A view of the ocean and rocks on a sunny day under an umbrella. ", "a view from under an umbrella of a beach with a rocky  seashore and waves beyond", "A umbrella that is standing in the sand at the beach."]
["The boats navigated around the curves of the attraction.", "A few empty boats at a river ride", "Small boats sit unused in water by a dock.", "Different color boats along a river in a water park.", "A multicolored boat ride at an amusement park. "]
["People are standing in a bus that is overloaded with luggage.", "A group of people on a bus with suitcases.", "Some people in a bus with a bunch of luggage.", "Passengers stand at the back of a bus loaded with luggage.", "a number of people on a bus near luggage bags "]
["A person pushing a cart with luggage on it.", "A person is pushing a basket containing luggage.", "A pull cart stacked with bags on a train platform", "A person pulling a cart filled with luggage.", "A rack of luggage on wheels for easy transport. "]
["A suitcase is sitting on a sidewalk near trees.", "a piece of luggage left on the ground.", "A piece of luggage is sitting on the concrete", "An old suitcase sits abandoned in a park.", "A suitcase sitting on the street in the sun "]
["Two large ships sitting next to a dock under a cloudy blue sky.", "An old masted couple of boats are docked.", "people standing on a dock looking at a boat with a tall sail ", "A large ship with many masts is docked.", "Two large ships are docked, while several people look at them."]
["A view of an umbrella near a nice house.", "An umbrella table with chairs surrounding it. is sitting close to a pool.", "A poolside table with four chairs and an umbrella.", "The backyard of a big house with outdoor seating furniture.", "a couple of chairs are around a table outside"]
["A little girl is wearing a coat and boots while holding an umbrella on a dirt road.", "A small child holds her umbrella and checks for rain", "A little girl holding a black umbrella in a forest.", "A small girl is standing holding a black umbrella.", "Child standing on a path with an umbrella and rain boots."]
["A man and a woman sit in an industrial workshop with a dog.", "The couple is sitting down in the garage with their dog. ", "Two people wearing ties are seated with a dog between them.", "A man and woman in black ties with a brown and white dog.", "A woman and man both sporting ties sitting with a dog."]
["A man in black tie sitting next to a brown dog.", "A man sitting next to a brown and white dog on a chair.", "a person sitting down next to a dog ", "a person sitting in a chair outdoors next to a dog.", "A man sits in a chair with a hand on a dog."]
["A young girl protects herself with an umbrella", "A young girl in a floral print dress underneath an umbrella.", "A girl is standing under an umbrella surrounded by leaves on the ground.", "A young girl is standing in the rain holding an umbrella.", "A little girl in a dress holds a pink and clear umbrella."]
["a large elephant that is standing next to some trees", "This is a frontal view of an elephant with its ears back and trunk curled.", "A large elephant has its trunk curled inward.", "An elephant with short tusks, looking directly at the camera.", "A single elephant that has very short tusks."]
["Man holding two shirts with luggage and window", "A man holding clothes on a hanger with a suitcase in front of him. ", "A man show a red and a white clothing hangers.", "A man holding his garment bags in both hands ", "A man holding up some clothes in some hanger bags."]
["Luggage waiting to be claimed in the baggage claim area.", "a number of luggage bags on the ground near each other", "A bunch of unclaimed luggage is sitting on the airport floor.", "A very big bunch of luggage on the conveyor in a terminal.", "Luggage on a carousel at the airport with people gathered around to pick it up."]
["A dog walking along a beach next to a man on a kiteboard.", "A very big cute dog running on the beach.", "A man rides his surf board onto the beach while a dog runs by.", "A dog running next to a man parasurfing in the water. ", "A man being pulled along in the ocean on a small boat with a German shepherd running beside him."]
["A group of people standing around an airport.", "Many people wait with their luggage in a room. ", "Children and young adults checking in luggage at a travel terminal kiosk. ", "several people traveling with back packs and suit cases", "a person is wearing a backpack in a room"]
["a guy and his dog sitting on a surf board", "a man with a black dog seated on the waters", "A person sitting on a flat paddle boat with their dog.", "a person that is floating in some water", "Man sits with dog on paddle board in the water."]
["Many suitcases are lined up on a floor", "Many pieces of luggage sitting neatly beside one another.", "Large collection of suitcases line up in rows.", "Many pieces of luggage are stored together on the floor.", "A large number of luggage set next to each other."]
["An individual is in the open view in the picture. \n", "A tall man with a beard and fanny pack carrying luggage across a street.", "A man that is standing in the street holding two bags.", "A man walking across a street holding bags of luggage.", "Man walking across a street with baggage and other pedestrians."]
["A stuffed animal laying on top of a blue bed.", "A couple of stuffed toys under a pink blanket on a blue cushion.", "Two stuffed animals laying under a blanket on the floor. ", "There are two stuffed animals laying on a cushion covered by a pink blanket.", "Two stuffed animals put to bed under a blanket"]
["A large crowd of people huddling under umbrellas.", "A crowd of people are standing in the rain under umbrellas. ", "Many people standing in the rain with umbrellas", "A group of people are holding up umbrellas.", "A large group of people stand together holding umbrellas. "]
["Luggage sitting on a bed in a hotel room.", "Luggage sitting on a bed in a hotel room. ", "A set of luggage on a hotel room bed.", "a group of suitcases sitting on a bed", "A hotel room bed has two luggage cases sitting on it."]
["A group of people walking on the side walk", "People moving luggage on luggage carts in a busy concourse.", "A lot of people pushing carts with luggage in them.", "Crowded area in a mall where people are carrying a lot of luggage", "a group of people are gathered together with their luggage"]
["LOTS OF PEOPLE AT THE AIRPORT WAITING TO GET THEIR LUGGAGE", "A group of people waiting at a baggage claim area.", "A group of people searching for belongings at a luggage area.", "The people overlook the conveyer at the airport as they await return of their luggage.", "There are a group of people waiting for their luggage."]
["These suitcases are three piece matching set. ", "Three black suitcases, where two are connected with a cord.", "three blue suitcases sitting on a stone floor", "Three pieces of luggage on a tile floor next to a wall.", "Matching luggage  packed and ready to go with tags affixed."]
["A bunch of book bags and suitcases lay on the floor.", "two black backpacks chair and a tan suitcase", "Three pieces of luggage moving along on a conveyer belt. ", "A n airport luggage area with two backpacks and other luggage in the background.", "Several pieces of luggage at the baggage claim area. "]
["A group of people standing around a pile of luggage.", "A bunch of bags sitting in the dirt.", "a bunch of people that are leaning on a fence", "there are many people standing together y a fence", "some people suitcases bags backpacks and a fence"]
["a bear sticking his head under the water ", "A bear is fishing in a creek and another bear is on the shore.", "A bear with its head dunked under the water of a stream.", "A pair of bears wade in a river.", "A bear standing in a river below a small waterfall."]
["Tall green pine trees in back of large grassy field.", "A grassy field with an animal in front of some fir trees.", "A field and some trees in the back round", "An animal off in the distance in a grassy field", "A bear grazes in a meadow in front of a mountain forest."]
["a dog jumping up to catch a frisbee in front a man with leg bent", "A dog leaping off a mans' leg to catch a Frisbee.", "A dog catching a frisbee with a man in the background.", "A dog is playing Frisbee with another gentleman. ", "A dog jumping to get a Frisbee in a field. "]
["A dog standing on the back of a human being", "a person with some frizbees in hand with a dog jumping at them", "A man and a dog are performing a trick.", "Man standing in a field with frisbees in his hand and a dog standing on his back.", "A dog balancing on top of a man with Frisbees in his hand."]
["A dog jumps and catches a red frisbee", "This is a dog jumping through the air to catch a red Frisbee. ", "A dog is catching a Frisbee mid air above the grass.", "A dog jumping in the air to catch a frisbee.", "A dog plays catch with hos owner in the sun "]
["There is a person laying on the ground with a frisbee.", "a teen lying in the park holding onto a bright frisbee", "A boy lies on the ground holding a frisbee.", "A man is lying on the grass holding a frisbee", "A person laying in the grass holding a yellow frisbee."]
["A man kicking his leg into the air while standing next to a neon frisbee.", "Man doing a high kick while he catches a frisbee.", " A shirtless man playing frisbee in a field", "A man contorting as a frisbee flies towards him.", "A man throwing a frisbee in a different manner."]
["A man in black shorts with a yellow frisby.", "A man about to throw a Frisbee across a lawn.", "A guy in a grassy field playing frisbee. ", "A man wearing shorts bent over about to throw a frisbee", "A young man takes a bow while holding onto the frisbee in the middle of empty field."]
["Man throwing frisbee in elaborate fashion in field", "a person that is jumping up for a frizbee", "A guy jumping through the air with a Frisbee in the air.", "A man jumping to catch a frisbee in a wide open field.", "A man who is leaping in the air to catch a Frisbee."]
["A person wearing athletic shoes is laying on a bed.", "Legs in jeans and shoes on striped bed with dresser in background.", "A person laying on their bed looking at the wall.", "The man is laying in his bedroom on his bed. ", "A person with tennis shoes on with their feet crossed on a bed."]
["A boy at the beach rinses off a Frisbee in the water.", "A boy holding a yellow Frisbee on a beach.", "A kid with a Frisbee on a beach.", "A boy holding a Frisbee on the beach. ", "A boy stands at the edge of the ocean with a frisbee"]
["A white dog standing next to a potted plant.", "The poodle is standing by the plants smelling them.", "A poodle sniffing at a potted plant outside.", "A blind white poodle smelling a flower pot.", "a poodle looking at a  bug on a potted plant "]
["The young man is catching a Frisbee over his back.", "Two people on the beach doing tricks with frisbees, and one person in the background standing on the beach.", "A man on the beach bent over throwing a Frisbee.", "Three guys playing Frisbee on the sand at the beach.", "A man leaning forward to throw a frisbee on a beach."]
["A man tossing a frisbee over the ocean on the beach.", "A man is jumping and throwing a frisbee", "A man is on the beach playing with a frisbee.", "A frisbee in mid air with a someone below jumping.", "A Frisbee player is mid air above a wet sandy ground."]
["A guy playing with a disc on the beach.", "a guy that is on sand with a freeze be", "A man standing on top of a beach holding a neon frisbee.", "A man is playing with a frisbee at the beach", "a man with an leg up while reaching for a frisbee "]
["A man is throwing a Frisbee on the beach.", "The man throws the frisbee on the beach.", "A man is on the beach playing with a frisbee.", "A person that just threw a frisbee in the air.", "a person throwing a frisbee on the sand of a beach."]
["A woman about to catch a frisbee on a beach.", "a girl on a beach playing with a frisbee", "The woman is playing Frisbee on the beach by the water. ", "a girl looking up at a freeze be next to a body of water.", "A woman standing on a beach trying to catch a frisbee."]
["A man doing tricks with a frisbee in front of a young lady.", "A man catching a frisbee on the beach ", "a man is playing with a flying disk at the beach", "a person on a beach with a frisbee ", "A person tries to catch a frisbee on a beach"]
["there is a young guy about to fall in dirt", "A man is playing frisbee on the beach.", "A man is jumping up to catch a Frisbee between his legs.", "A person falling in the sand after catching a Frisbee.", "A young man on a beach catching a yellow Frisbee."]
["A dog sleeping on a floor on top of a blanket.", "A dog is asleep on a white blanket.", "Two dogs sleeping on dog beds on the floor.", "An animal that is laying on the ground.", "a dog laying on a sheet on the floor indoors"]
["The dog lies in a bed underneath the bookshelf. ", "Small black and white dog curled up on the floor.", "A dog in a shelf on the side of a bed", "Dog laying down on below a group of books. ", "A dog lays on a small bed in a cramped area."]
["A black bear standing on top of a rocky hillside.", "A bear sitting with its tongue sticking out.", "A bear with its tongue hanging out sitting in front of a rock outcrop.", "A bear sits with it's tongue out in front of some grass and moss covered rocks. ", "A black bear sits on a rock and sticks out its tongue."]
["People are playing frisbee and volleyball at the beach.", "A boy and a man are playing frisbee in the sand.", "A man and a child on the standing on a beach.", "A picture of some people having fun in the sand.", "A man and a boy playing on a beach."]
["A  young man tossing a white frisbee.", "A man in a field contorting to catch a frisbee.", "Man on playing field with a lacrosse bat.", "The athletic young man prepares to toss a frisbee to his partner.", "A guy plays frisbee in a field outside."]
["A man in white shorts standing next to a yellow frisbee.", "A Frisbee lies on the pavement by a man in shorts at night", "A man is standing in the street near a frisbee.", "A person standing next to a yellow frisbee.", "A man is standing near a frisbee on the ground."]
["Two zebra stand near an elephant, and a herd of water buffalo.", "a couple of zebras aree standing in a field", "Two zebras are pictured but there is an elephant and other animals in the background.", "Zebras, an elephant, and ox standing in a grassy area.", "A couple of zebra standing next to each other."]
["A heard of five zebras in the plains.", "Zebras are huddled together on a field of weeds.", "A group of zebras standing in a field with trees in the background.", "a group of zebras in a field with trees in the background", "an image of a herd of zebras grazing in the wilderness"]
["A man throws a frisbee to his wild dog", "a big dog running towards a white frisbee", "A person watching a sheepdog chase a white disc across a green field with mist covered mountains in the background.", "man and dog on hillside with white frisbee in foreground", "A man and his white dog playing Frisbee on a grassy hill."]
["A zebra in the road ahead of a car", "A zebra standing in the middle of a dirt road and a vehicle approaching.", "Young zebra standing in middle of dirt road as car approaches.", "A zebra blocking the way of a vehicle on a road.", "A car approaching a zebra standing in the middle of a dirt road."]
["A dog is sitting by a person on a porch.", "A large brown dog walking next to a wooden table.", "A dog is sticking out its tongue on a patio.", "A dog on a leash sits on the floor beside a table.", "A dog on a leash sitting next to a table."]
["A yellow dog relaxing with a leash attached to a chair and a blue bowl of water nearby.", "A dog with a red leash laying on a wood deck.", "A tan golden retriever laying down on a wooden floor. ", "A dog sits on the floor next to a chair.", "A golden colored dog sits by a chair."]
["A man jumping through the air catching a frisbee.", "A man is parallel with his legs in the air over a beach with the ocean in the background.", "A man jumping to catch a frisbee on the beach.", "A young man catching a frisbee while flying through the air.", "a man is doing a flying catch of a frisbee"]
["Two men playing with a disc in a field.", "People are standing in the grass playing with a frisbee.", "Two men in green shirts playing a game with a frisbee.", "two males wearing green and red are playing frisbee", "The players are playing a game of Frisbee on the grass. "]
["A group of men playing frisbee against each other.", "Men in orange shirts playing a game with a frisbee.", "Men in red shirts are playing frisbee in a building.", "Three men with uniforms on playing a sport. ", "some people are in a gym doing tricks with a frisbee"]
["A back yard porch and flower garden being admired by a dog", "A dog looks at plants in a yard. ", "A small outdoor garden and a dog standing nearby", "a little dog sniffing a plant on the patio", "A back porch with concrete flower box and a dog."]
["Some animals that are looking at something in front of them.", "two zebras are standing neck to neck ", "Two zebras stand with their faces stuck together.", "Two zebra standing next to each other on a dry grass field.", "Two zebras put their heads against each other."]
["A couple of zebras eating grass from a small grass area.", "Three zebra are eating from a patch of grass in the dirt.", "Zebras standing and eating from a pile of food on the ground.", "An illusion of a zebra with one head and two bodies.", "Pair of zebras grazing on grass and hay in park like setting."]
["The zebras are following the cars for food. ", "There is a zebra standing in the middle of the road.", "a bunch of zebras clog a asphalt road ", "A zebra is walking down the street behind a car", "A herd of zebra walking along a rural road next to a forest."]
["A young man is playing frisbee in the woods.", "A man in all black plays Frisbee in a park. ", "A man standing on top of a slab of cement.", "A man smiles while he prepares to throw a Frisbee.", "A man playing frisbee at the field near some trees"]
["A zebra walking by some antelope in the wild.", "A zebra walking around and two deer grazing.", "A zebra standing near two gazelle near the brush.", "A zebra and some antelope in a field.", "Some animals in a desert area with dry looking trees in the background"]
["Two zebras standing together while one zebra swishes his tail.", "Two zebras kick up dust while getting into a tussle.", "Two zebras in the dirt, that are either fighting or greeting one another.", "Two zebras standing very close to each other. ", "Two zebras are standing in a close up picture"]
["The horses are out for a walk on the road.", "Two men in uniforms ride horses down the street.", "Men on horses make their way down the road.", "THERE IS A PARADE GOING ON WITH HORSES AND PEOPLE ", "some swag ass dude riding horses in public"]
["A group of horsss running around a field.", "Bunch of shiny horses galloping in the pasture.", "Several beautiful brown horses running through the meadow.", "A herd of hordes run through the green field.", "some horses in a field of green grass with a sky in the background "]
["Two zebras stand together in a field. ", "A picture of some animals in the grass together.", "Two zebras stand near some brown grass near a green tree.", "A realistic painting of two zebras huddled in brown grass.", "TWO ZEBRAS HANGING OUT IN THEIR NATURAL HABITAT"]
["some two zebras feeding on the dry grass", "A couple of zebra standing next to each other.", "Zebras grazing are certainly fascinating to look at. ", "Two zebras that are standing in the grass.", "Two zebras grazing on a bit of hay in a fenced area."]
["A zebra leaning over eating grass by some bushes", "an image of a zebra grazing in the grassy field", "A picture of a zebra in some green grass.", "This is an image of a zebra eating grass.", "A black and white zebra standing on a lush green grass covered field."]
["A couple of horses running across a lush green field.", "Two horses racing across a field at a horse show.", "One of these running horses is of the dapple breed.", "a horse is running near a white fence", "Two horses with saddles are galloping close together."]
["A black and white photograph of two zebras.", "A zebra stands next to a tree and another zebra.", "Two striped zebras standing at the edge of a grassy area.", "Zebras on the edge of a dark forest.", "a close up of a zebra next to a tree"]
["A wooden horse standing on top of a table.", "This is a wooden toy horse on a table top.", "a wooden figurine of a horse and a mirror", "A small, wooden, toy horse on top of a table.", "A wooden carved horse is on a table."]
["A cow standing inside of a red brick house peeking out a small window.", "It's good to get a view of the outside world sometimes.", "A horse poking its head out of a square opening in a building.", "A horse looking out the window of a brick building.  ", "A horse sticking its head out of a window."]
["A man riding a horse while other men look on. ", "A cowboy rides a bucking horse at a rodeo.", "A cowboy rides a bucking horse in a rodeo.", "A cowboy riding a bull in front of a large crowd.", "a person riding a bull on a dirt ground"]
["A beach covered in waves and drift wood.", "people holding surf boards near a body of water", "People on the beach in the water by a pier", "Group of people walking into the ocean with city nearby. ", "A beach with people in front of a city."]
["The two zebras are eating grass on the plain.", "Two zebras grazing on grass in a field.", "Two zebras graze next to a tree and a giraffe.", "Two zebras are grazing in a field of grass.", "Two zebra standing next to each other next to a tree."]
["A horse standing in the grass near trees in the woods. ", "A tall black horse standing in the middle of a forest.", "a horse in a field near many trees ", "A black horse is wondering about in the woods.", "A horse is standing near some trees and foliage."]
["A forest filled with lots of brown horses grazing on green grass.", "A small herd of horses in the woods munching on some grass. ", "Horses sit in the woods behind trees and brush.", "Wild brown colored horses graze in a wooded area.", "Four horses are walking around in the woods."]
["A man crouched down with a camera next to a small white horse ", "A person kneeling down next to a  white horse.", "a man kneeling by a white minature horse ", "A VERY SMALL WHITE PONY AND A WOMAN STANDING NEAR BY ", "A girl looking at a white miniature horse in a green yard"]
["A white horse grazes in a field near a forest. ", "A little pony grazing for grass in a forest landscape.", "A shetland pony in a grassy wooded area.", "a white small horse is standing by the trees", "A white pony grazes in a field near trees"]
["A small group of horses graze in an open field.", "Three horses graze in a field on a cloudy day.", "three horses stand in a field near some trees.", "Three large horses grazing in an open field.", "Three horses are grazing in a field in front of a small grove of trees."]
["a snow covered mountain that's surrounded by clouds", "There is a lot of ash coming out of the volcanoe.", "An open field with a mountain in the background.", "a snowy hill surrounded by some clouds ", "Some horseback riders approached a snow capped mountain."]
["a horse pulling a carriage down a street", "A white horse pulling a carriage in front of a building.", "A horse drawn carriage moving through a street.", "Black and white photo of horse drawing carriage down a street.", "A horse walking down the street with a horse drawn carriage."]
["Two ponies eating grass in a field with tall grass.", "Horses are grazing in a pasture behind a fence\n", "Two donkeys are grazing in the green field.", "Two horses eating grass inside a fenced field ", "Two ponies graze the grass beside an electric fence in a sunlit field."]
["A horse race where the red and white leader is in the lead.", "Two jockeys on horses racing on the track.", "Two individuals race around a corner on their horses.", "Jockey's riding horses on a dirt race track.", "A pair of jockeys running their horses around a track."]
["A close up shot of horse, with it's baby in the back.", "A brown and white horse looking a the camera and a pony behind", "a close up of a horse in front of a colt and a barn", "A horse looking straight ahead with a baby horse behind it.", "A brown and white horse standing in front of a pony."]
["A man holding the bridles of a horse.", "A man in a three piece suit walking his horse", "Elderly gentleman with a horse on a front lawn.", "A man standing next to a saddled brown horse", "And elderly gentleman leads a horse by the reins."]
["Black and white photograph of battle reenactment with men on horses", "Black and white of army soldiers on horse back.", "A group of men riding horses out of a forest.", "A group of soldiers travel on horseback, surrounded by trees.", "A black and white photo of a cavalry of men on horses."]
["a couple of people riding on the backs of brown horses.", "People wearing helmets while on top of horses. ", "Two women ride horses at a country stable.", "Two people wearing helmets are riding brown horses.", "Two people with helmets on riding horses. "]
["A group of horses about to gallop in the grassy field. ", "Some horses running free in open pasture with bordering trees.", "group of horses one white and three brown running in the grass.", "A group of horses that are standing in the grass.", "Four horses that are running together in a field. "]
["A herd of horses in a grassy field near a hill top.", "A group of horses grazing in a field.", "Herd of horses grazing on a dry eroded plain.", "Several horses grazing in the grass near hills. ", "Wild horses grazing on the national wildlife preserve"]
["A man riding on the back of a brown horse.", "A woman riding a horse in the stable.", "this is a horse running in the dirt", "A person who is riding a horse in the dirt.", "A person riding a horse in an outdoor arena."]
["a person riding a horse with trees in the back ground", "A young girl is riding a brown horse.", "Woman riding on the back of a horse while it begins to trot. ", "A woman riding a horse through a tree filled lot of land.", "A girl is riding a horse in a coral."]
["a dog in a doorway above bunches of unripe bananas", "A dog is standing behind large bunches of bananas.", "The dog is standing behind many bunches of bananas.", "A dog standing over a large pile of bananas.", "A dog in an open doorway with a pile of green bananas in front of the house."]
["A man on some snow skis on the top of a mountain.", "There is a man standing at the edge of a mountain ", "A person is standing on a hill on skis.", "A person on skis riding down slope between trees.", "This man is skiing down a mountain slope."]
["a man that is standing on a basebal lfield", "Young man preparing to throw pitch from mound at baseball field.", "A man wearing a baseball uniform and glove throws a baseball from the pitching mound.", "A man is standing on a baseball field in action.", "a baseball player is on a field throwing a ball"]
["A plate of fruit containing oranges, apples and bananas.", "A lot of fruits that are in a bowl.", "A metal plate holding an assortment of red and yellow fruit.", "A pear, a banana, some peaches, and an orange on a platter.", "A banana, some peaches, a pear, and an orange on a platter.", "A serving dish has fruits stacked upon it."]
["This person is about to eat a banana.", "A woman eating a banana from a plate of fruit. ", "A girl smiles while eating a banana in its peel.", "A plate of cut apple, a peeled banana and a girl with a nose ring", "A PERSON IS EATING A BANANA AND LOOKING WEIRD"]
["A man wearing a red wig eating a banana.", "One ugly red haired individual is captured eating one big banana.", "a person with red hair eating a banana", "a red haired person eating a big banana", "A woman with pink hair is eating a banana."]
["A white plate topped with a slice of apple and a fork.", "A plate of food and a fork on a table.", "Apple slices and a fork on a plate ", "An apple cut into many slices on a plate with a fork.", "A plate with a sliced apple is shown."]
["A long bowl with variety of fruits laid out in it in front of a plate with a napkin.", "The fruit is in a dish next to a plate on the table.", "A variety of fruit is in a glass dish.", "Fruit bowl with banana, peach, grapes, apples and napkin with plate", "A delicious fruit plate in a silver bowl. The fruit includes an apple, two apricots, red and green grapes, a banana, and a peach."]
["A nerd eating a slice of pizza on a paper plate.", "A man is at a table eating pizza with a soda machine behind him.", "Hungry man enjoys lunch at a local restaurant.", "A man eating pizza and salad inside of a restaurant.", "A man is enjoying a large meal on a kitchen countertop."]
["a yellow plate of sliced bananas and butterflies on them", "A banana and orange filled plate with butterflies on it.", "A plate of sliced fruit with multi colored butterflies resting nearby.", "a yellow plate with a banana and an orange", "A yellow plate topped with a cut in half banana and two dead butterflies."]
["A white plate filled with a variety of foods ", "A plate of food based on the food groups.", "The lunch on the paper plate has bread, fish, a banana, and milk.", "a banana and skim milk on a plate with other  food items", "A meal of chicken, bread, salad, milk and fruit sits on a white plate."]
["A group of men on a field playing baseball.", "A baseball player swinging at a ball with a catcher and referee behind him.", "a baseball player with a bat hits a ball ", "A baseball player swings at a moving baseball.", "A baseball player swinging at an incoming ball. "]
["A baseball player tossing a bat next to home plate.", "The bat flies away from the batter at home plate. ", "The batter threw the bat after he hit the ball.", "a man is throwing a bat at a baseball game", "A man playing baseball, swinging his bat at the plate"]
["A baseball player standing in a field with red shoes.", "A professional baseball player on the field with sunglasses", "A professional baseball player standing in the outfield.", "a close up of a baseball player with a glove", "A baseball game is being played before a crowd."]
["A bunch of types of food that are sitting on a plate.", "White plate with fruit and pizza sitting on top of it. ", "A big plate filled with some tasty looking food.", "Salad, milk, orange slices and french bread pizza.", "A plate of food including pizza, salad, fruit and milk is seen."]
["A baseball player holding a bat standing near home plate.", "The baseball players are waiting for the ball to be in play.", "some baseball players are playing baseball and fans", "Pitcher, batter, catcher and umpire during a baseball game.", "An pitcher prepares to throw a pitch to the batter."]
["A table topped with bunches of ripe bananas.", "A big bunch of ripe yellow bananas on display.", "A large bunch of bananas sits on a table.", "A stalk of banana's lying perfectly formed together on a table.", "A bunch of bananas are laying on the table in front of other bananas on a cloth."]
["A BOY IS LOOKING AT THE VEGETABLE STAND ", "Some people at an open market in a city.", "A boy in a market place is looking at vegetables.", "A young boy looks at produce in a street market.", "A young boy is looking at the fruits and vegetables at a market."]
["Small monkey eating fruit sitting on a rock. ", "a small monkey sitting and eating in its habitat", "a little monkey sitting next to a rock eating a piece of fruit", "A monkey is eating while sitting on a rock.", "a monkey sits downs while eating some food "]
["some oranges and lemons sitting together on a table ", "a bunch of oranges are in a pile", "Oranges and lemons placed together in a display.", "Oranges mixed with lemons displayed in color photograph.", "A mixture of lemons and oranges with stickers."]
["Many skiers are descending the snow covered slope.", "people skiing down a hill with others on snowboards ", "People are riding down a hill in the snow on skis.", "Several people skiing down a snow covered hill.", "Several people making strokes on a steep ski track."]
["A person skiing down a snowy mountain side.", "The man is racing down the hill skiing. ", "A young person that is having fun skiing down a slope.", "A person skiing alone in the snow capped area", "a man that is skiing down a snowy hill"]
["A person riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "People riding down the snowy hill on skis", "A group of people riding skis down a slope.", "A bunch of people that are skiing down a slope.", "A group of skiers decend a snowy mountain hill."]
["A muffin for breakfast with an orange and cream", "a closeup of a muffin on a saucer with some berries and cream", "A waffled surface shows a glass with ice, an aging orange and a plate with a muffin, berries, cream cheese and spoon. ", "A plate with a cupcake on top of it next to an orange.", "A muffin and a piece of fruit sit on a table."]
["A small pizza sitting on top of a blue plate.", "a deliciously fresh baked and lightly browned apple pie", "An apple pie resting on a purple platter", "An apple pancake on a blue plate with a knife on the edge.", "A pie on a white plate on top of a stove."]
["A plate topped with pasta and and onions.", "A pasta dish containing white onions, multicolored pasta, broccoli, olives and more", "The noodles have been prepared with sliced onions.", "Yellow and orange noodles, broccoli, black olives, and onions.", "Tricolor pasta salad with onions, broccoli and olives"]
["a collage of many photos with people and plants ", "Twenty Five different pictures, some of plants, some of people and some of water, but all have the color green.", "Pictures with various shades of green are arranged in a grid pattern.", "multiple pictures of a variety of things ", "Collage of green activities and signs expressing innovation."]
["There are two men that are out playing baseball.", "The men are playing a game of baseball in the yard. ", "Two men playing baseball in a neighborhood park.", "two men playing softball in a park near a bench and a grill", "Men playing baseball in a park by their homes"]
["A woman with pink hair eats a banana in a kitchen.", "A woman with pink hair eating a banana. ", "A person with pink hair eats a banana in front of a bicycle.", "A young woman is eating a banana. ", "A girl with red hair is eating a banana."]
["A group of four people standing next to each other.", "Two men and two women skiing across country.", "A group of students are skiing together on the slope.", "Four skiers standing together in the snow in front of a mountain.", "A group of four friends commemorating a ski trip in the snow."]
["A store with a display with lots of yellow bananas.", "an image of a grocery store scene with bananas", "A grocery store display of fresh yellow bananas.", "Bananas are being sold in a store for fifty four cents.", "a store display showing bananas and nilla wafers"]
["A white bowl filled with pasta on a plate with vegetables.", "a platter with a bowl of pasta and vegetables sitting on the side on a piece of cloth", "A lunch that includes pasta, carrots and broccoli.", "a small bowl of some kind of noodles", "A plate of vegetables and pasta are in a bowl."]
["An adorable little girl riding skis on the snow.", "A small child who is on snow skis. ", "Girl on skis standing next to a fence.", "a young person riding skis on a snowy field", "A kid skiing on the snow bundled in winter clothes."]
["nice made salad with vegetables on a plate", "A bunch of vegetables sprinkled with pepper sitting beside each other", "A mixture of vegetables including broccoli, zucchini and tomatoes. ", "Broccoli, zucchini, and peppers are mixed together on a plate", "A plate full of mixed and cooked vegetables"]
["A person standing in front of a plate of food.", "Hands reaching for a small desert on a plate.", "Two hands are touching a pastry in a plate.", "A child is eating something on a flowered plate.", "Young child about to pick up a pastry he has been eating."]
["A small garden is shown in wooden long boxes.", "some pink and white flowers a wooden bench and some plants", "A plant with white and purple flowers coming out of it.", "Pink and white flowers planted in an outside area.", "A colorful garden with purple and white flowers."]
["Woman taking a selfie while sticking banana in her mouth", "Young girl with right straight hair eating a banana.", "A woman is taking the first bite of a banana.", "A girl with red dyed hair eating a banana", "A woman with pink hair eating a banana."]
["Meat item with sauce and vegetable and side dish on table.", "A mini pizza with cheese on a plate with broccoli.", "Two plates of food on a table with a napkin.", "Prepared meal on a white plate with checkered napkin", "there is a small pizza and broccoli on a plate"]
["A pretty young lady sucking on the end of a banana with a Stewart from Mad TV hair cut.", "A young woman is eating a ripe banana.", "A young woman poses while eating a banana", "A young woman putting a peeled banana into her mouth.", "A woman with short hair consumes a banana."]
["Two women are standing at a store near boxes of produce.", "A large selection of bananas and other fruits.", "Two women and a man standing in a grocery store with fruit stand and scale in front.", "Some people are standing by a fruit stand outside", "A fruit stand that is filled with various fruits."]
["A bowl of bananas and some cereal on a table.", "A bowl of cereal has bananas on it.", "A bowl full of cereal and banana slices in milk.", "A bowl filled with chex and banana slices.", "A bowl of cereal is shown with sliced bananas."]
["a plate with bananas, peanut butter and a drink", "Cut up bananas with two slices of bread on a plate next to a drink. ", "A white plate topped with a banana and a muffin covered in peanut butter.", "a plate with a sliced banana and a peanut butter sandwich", "A table holding a white plate with bananas and a brown glass."]
["a woman with short hair eating a banana ", "A woman eating a banana with ivory-colored cabinetry behind her.", "A woman in the middle of biting into a banana. ", "an image of a woman eating a banana", "A PERSON IS LAUGHING EATING A BANANA "]
["A lunchbox with a sandwich, yogurt and a banana.", "A lunchbox has a banana, some yogurt, and a sandwich.", "A lunhcbox with a sandwich, yogurt and banana.", "a person holding open a black lunch box ", "Someone is showing what they are having for lunch."]
["THERE IS VEGGIES AND MEAT IN THE BOWL ", "A dish of tasty looking pasta with shrimp and broccoli.", "A bowl that has different types of food in it.", "A bowl filled with pasta , shrimp and broccoli", "Close up of pasta dish with shrimp, broccoli and grated Parmesan cheese."]
["Man with large bunches of green fruit at outdoor marketplace.", "the person is leaning over the green bananas", "A man cutting hands of bananas from the tree branch", "A man who is tending to a large number of bananas. ", "Someone pulls a green banana from a pile of banana clusters."]
["A little boy riding a skateboard down the side of a ramp.", "A young boy skateboarding along side a young boy on a bike with a stairwell behind them.", "A boy is riding a bike near a boy on a skateboard.", "Two young boys, one on a bike and one on a skateboard.", "A boy skateboarding, and another boy riding his bike."]
["A truck filled with a pile of yellow bananas.", "a big table of big yellow bananas on a table", "A street vendor sells bananas to pedestrians on the sidewalk.", "a person looking at a large amount of bananas on sale sitting on the back of  a truck", "A man on the street at night near a truck full of bananas."]
["A closeup shot of a two different kinds of plants.", "The heart of a purple plant in a garden.", "A midsized plant with leaves of varying colors", "A picture of purple and green leaf foliage. ", "A green leafy plant beside another plant with smaller leaves."]
["An apple, sharp knife, with some cut up apples. ", "An apple, knife and apple peelings are on a wooden shelf.", "A cutting board topped with a sliced up apple.", "a green apple and knife on dark wooden stairs", "This is a cut up apple, a knife, and a whole apple."]
["Folded red cloth with a plate on top containing a bran muffin, small tin of cream cheese, and a butter knife, behind which are a red apple and a glass of ice water.", "A cupcake that is sitting on a plate.", "A small plate with a muffin on it and an apple behind.", "a plate that has some food on it", "A muffin is on a plate with a knife and an apple and ice water in the back ground."]
["A plate has a sandwich on it and is next to an apple. ", "A sandwich with salad and apple served on a plate.", "A turkey sandwich and an apple are on a plate.", "a close up of a sandwich on a plate near an apple ", "A sandwich is on the plate and an apple is off to the side."]
["A nice meal on a plate with a green cloth underneath.", "A dinner dish served with broccoli and sesame seed bread sticks", "A plate of food including broccoli sitting next to a glass of ice.", "There is a plate full of food and a glass of ice water. ", "A white plate topped with meat, rice and veggies."]
["A young man skating on a slope as a crowd watch", "A man on a skateboard performing a trick.", "a man is in the air on a skateboard", "A skater jumps in the air while many people watch.", "A skateboarder performing a trick in front of a crowd."]
["A man hiking through a snow covered forest ", "A person travelling through the woods in the snow", "Person taking a picture of a tree in the snow.", "A MAN IS TAKING PICTURES IN THE WOODS", "A person taking a picture during winter in the woods."]
["A couple of women standing next to a pair of skis.", "one girl wearing snow skis and another girl holding hers", "Two skiers getting ready to ski in the forest. ", "Two woman wearing cold weather attire with their skies.", "A couple of girls cross country skiing in the countryside."]
["Three woman on skis in the snow smiling.", "Three ladies are leaning forward on their skiis.", "Three people are posing with skis in the snow.", "Three women standing next to each other near a wooden tree.", "Three girls on skis posing for a photo pretending they were skiing."]
["A young woman leaning on a ski pole as she puts on her skis", "A woman riding skis on snow covered ground.", "A person that is in the snow skiing.", "A woman inserts her foot into a ski. ", "Woman putting one ski on and maintaining her balance"]
["These young skateboarders are enjoying an outdoor session", "A group of young people riding skateboards on top of boards.", "A guy doing a trick on a skateboard at a skate park ", "A person on a skateboard on a ramp.", "A boy is riding a skateboard on a home made ramp."]
["A woman skiing on the snowy slopes. ", "A person on skis standing for a photo in the snow.", "A skier in a heavy jacket standing still.", "A women who is skiing in the mountains. ", "A person stands on a snowy hill while holding some poles "]
["A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "a man doing a jump with a skateboard in the road ", "The skateboarders jump over the grate on the city street", "Male skateboarder in mid air performing stunt on nighttime street.", "A young man flying high with his skateboard."]
["there is a young man riding a skateboard in the street", "A boy that is doing a trick on this skateboard at night.", "A young man riding a skateboard down a sidewalk.", "a man is doing a trick on a skateboard", "The skateboarder is leaning sideways on his board. "]
["A young boy doing a trick on his skate board.", "A man riding a skateboard on top of a road.", "The skate boarder is learning how to perform several new tricks.", "A skateboarder attempts a trick with his board on the asphalt.", "A man is jumping as he tilts his skateboard to the side with his feet."]
["there are many pieces of broccoli and vegetables here", "A bunch of different types of vegetables together.", "A bunch of different vegetables that are on a table.", "A close up of kale, broccoli and cherry tomatoes ", "Group of a bunch of greens, broccoli, and carton of eggs."]
["A crowd of people shopping for fruit in a farmers market.", "People are under a tent to buy produce.", "A group of people around a vendor selling fruits and vegetables.", "a group of people at a farmer's market standing over tomatoes and apples", "Group of people in an open market with a variety of fruits. "]
["A girl standing in a garden biting into something.", "a young girl eating something while playing in the woods ", "a little kid standing in the yard while eating some fruit", "A little girl standing on a lush green field.", "A girl eats while standing in a green, grassy area."]
["A group of young people skateboard down a street.", "A youn lady riding a skateboard down a street.", "A group of people that are riding skateboards. ", "People riding skateboards and skates on a street.", "A group of skateboarders, riding down the road."]
["A vegetarian dish of food on a napkin", "The plate is piled with rice next to a whole apple.", "The food on this plate appears to consist of grains and vegetables.", "a towl that has some food on the top", "A plate of food with an apple and bowl of food on the side"]
["A man riding a skateboard down the side of a road.", "a person riding a skate board on a city road", "A wide shot of a man riding a skateboard on a road.", "a man skateboarding down the road by a guard rail ", "A man skateboarding next to a railing on a paved road."]
["A man with a skateboard that is jumping in the air.", "A fish eye picture of a man on a skateboard", "A person on a skateboard who is performing a trick.", "a man on a skate board performs a grab trick ", "A skateboarder in a red hat does a high jump."]
["A man flying through the air on a skateboard.", "a PERSON JUMPING OFF THE STEPS ON A SKATEBOARD", "A skateboarder jumping in the air over a bunch of stairs during the night.", "A skateboarder performing a stunt over concrete steps.", "A young man on a skateboard jumping some concrete steps at night in the city."]
["A box of wrapped apples on a table.", "A box of apples are shown on the ground.", "a cardboard box with many apples inside ", "A box full of apples with word changing written on it", "Eleven apples packed inside a cardboard shipping box."]
["two guys riding skateboards  outside of a building", "A couple of guys performing tricks with their skate boards.", "A man doing a trick on a skateboard on a sidewalk.", "A man doing tricks on a skateboard on the sidewalk. ", "A man flying into the air while riding a skateboard."]
["A white plate topped with meat, vegetables and fruit.", "A plate filled with various food items and a carton of milk.", "A dinner plate with peas, a meat, a starch, fruit, and a carton of milk.", "A plate of food and a carton of milk.", "A square meal on a plate: fruit, vegetables, meat, milk"]
["A small black dog laying on top of a rug.", "A dog with a tennis ball in his mouth on a rug", "A small black dog is playing with an orange ball on a mat.", "a dog that is sitting on a rug with an apple", "A black terrier is chewing something on a plaid rug."]
["This skateboarder shows a degree of athletic ability.", "A man that is on the side of the wall with a skateboard.", "a man skate boarding on the side of a building ", "A rare picture of an individual within this image. \n", "A man riding a skateboard up the side of a wall."]
["A man riding a skateboard down a street.", "Adult man on skateboard on pavement in urban area.", "there is a man wearing a hat and riding a skateboard", "The man is riding his skateboard down the street.", "A man with a hat on riding his skateboard."]
["Skateboarder on top of small structure with mosaic tiles.", "A man riding a skateboard on top of a platform.", "A young man grinds a skateboard on a ledge", "The skater in the black and white photo balances on a ramp.", "Man on skateboard on top of wall in factory."]
["A white foam tray filled with lots of food.", "A tray that has food on it on a table.", "A tray has a spork, meat and noodles, and an apple on it.", "A bunch of food sitting on a plate with a spoon ", "The meal on the food tray is prepared and ready to be eaten."]
["A sandwich is shown on top of a plate.", "A sandwich is stacked high with healthy veggies.", "A veggie sandwich with bean sprouts and shaved carrots, on a plate.", "A sandwich that is sitting on a plate on a table.", "A sandwich on a dining plate which features sprouts, carrots, and lettuce."]
["A mostly empty dish of brussel sprouts and carrots.", "A mostly empty pan of brussels sprouts and carrots.", "There is casserole dish filled with leftover vegetables", "A bowl with a spoon and vegetables in it", "An empty plate a food with a couple of small carrots."]
["A sandwich and some fries on a plate.", "This sandwich and fries looks good to eat.", "a close up of a sandwich with french fries", "A food dish consisting of of two sandwiches and fries.", "A meal with a turkey sandwich, fries and gravy."]
["A guy stops himself from falling off of his skateboard. ", "A boy attempts to skateboard through a street", "A man riding a skateboard down a street.", "a boy kneeling on a skateboard going down the road ", "A boy catching himself while riding a skateboard."]
["A group of man riding a skateboard down a street.", "A man on a skateboard about to do a trick.", "A young man in a park on a skateboard", "A MAN IS ON HIS SKATE BOARD IN THE PARK ", "A man is on his skateboard in a park setting."]
["A group of people riding skateboards down the middle of a road.", "Skateboarders are skateboarding along a trail, with some performing tricks.", "A group of people do tricks on their skateboards.", "people on the road skating near a park", "Two guys on their skateboards as people run down the street behind them."]
["A man riding a skateboard down the middle of a street.", "Man not wearing a shirt on a skateboard, riding down the street.", "Shirtless guy skateboarding on empty road while friends watch.", "A shirtless man skateboarding down the street with friends.", "A man riding a skateboard in the middle of the street"]
["A teddy bear sitting next to many other stuffed animals.", "Stuffed animals in a heap with other toys in storage.", "stuffed animals in a wire basket and one is reading a book while the other holds a carrot", "An area with many toys predominately stuffed plush toys.", "A bunch of stuffed animals sitting on a rack. "]
["A pile of carrots and parsnips on the pavement next to a truck. ", "Carrots piled up on a sidewalk near a vehicle", "A load of various root vegetables are piled on the sidewalk.", "A group of vegetables stacked up on the street. ", "The freshly dug up carrots are piled on the brick pavement."]
["A display of vegetables is set up in front of a pickup.", "this is fresh fruit and vegetables on a cart", "A pile of fresh produce sitting on display.", "a pile of carrots turnips broccoli and green onions", "Piles of vegetables are shown at a farmer's market."]
["A group of carrots are displayed on a counter. ", "Seven carrots of varying sizes lie on a table", "Several carrots lined up on a blue countertop.", "Carrots ranging in size from large to small.", "a blue counter with some carrots a spoon and a bottle"]
["A pile of lots of vegetables and produce.", "A pile of carrots, squash and other root plants.", "A pile of vegetables including carrots and squash.", "A bunch of vegetables laying on plastic wrap.", "Carrots and other vegetables dirty from the ground "]
["A plate of Italian food with vegetables sitting next to a fork", "A plate of stuffed shells and carrots garnished with greens", "A meal of stuffed shells with a side of carrots.", "Pasta, carrots and garnish on a white plate. ", "a plate of stuffed shells and carrots on a table top. "]
["A dish of rice and vegetables on a white plate.", "a plate with some vegetables and rice on it ", "A plate is sitting on the table with various foods on it.", "A white plate topped with rice, sauce and veggies.", "Chickpeas and rice are paired on a plate with peas and carrots."]
["A white plate topped with fish, veggies and a roll", "Dinner is fish, carrots, and a wheat roll.", "A plate of fish covered in marinara, cheese, carrots, a fork, next to bread.", "a plate of vegetables and fish with a fork next to a roll.", "Dinner is fish with a side of carrots and a hot roll."]
["some plates of food on a table ", "A table of food with cheese, vegetables, strawberries, bread and glass of drink.", "Table full of food with fruits and vegetables.", "A pink table topped with plates of food.", "some strawberries on a plate and bread and a drink and another plate of food"]
["A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "A young man jumps his skateboard off a ramp while others watch.", "PEOPLE ARE PRACTICING AT AN INDOOR SKATE PARK", "A man doing tricks on a skateboard near a ramp. ", "A man is riding a skateboard over a ramp."]
["A man riding a skateboard into the air.", "That concrete is going to be hard on his body if he misses this skateboard trick.", "A young man in mid air action with a skate board.", "A man on a skateboard flipping the skateboard in the air.", "a boy on a skateboard is doing a trick "]
["A man jumping in the air on a skateboard.", "A man doing a trick on a skateboard on a sidewalk.", "A man in black shirt doing a trick on a skateboard.", "A skateboarder flips his board near outdoor stairs.", "Male skateboarder doing aerial trick on bricked outdoor area."]
["Contents of a refrigerator inside compartments on the door.", "Inside someones frigerator, in it are milk, hot dogs, mustard, and  others.", "A refrigerator door contains an assortment of food and condiments. ", "A refrigerator door is crammed with sauces, milk and hotdogs.", "A refrigerator door filled with hot dogs and milk."]
["A person up in the air, upside down while outside. ", "A person doing a flip on a snow board.", "A man flipping upside down on top of  a ski slope.", "A person somersaulting with the surf board in the sea ", "A snowboarder does a flip after jumping off a hill."]
["A man riding on top of a snowboard in the snow.", "A person stands on a snowboard in front of a setting sun.", "They are skiing on the slopes together on a nice day.", "The snowboarder is posing for a picture at twilight.", "Persons skating on skate board on snow covered ground."]
["a man on a skateboard doing an ollie", "A skateboarder doing a trick in the air.", "a man jumping a curb in front of a building.", "The skater will land on the pavers after his jump.", "A guy on a skateboard flying through the air."]
["A man standing next to a little girl on a ski slope.", "A man is standing at the base of a ski hill.", "Skier with goggles posing on a snow covered hill.", "Skier in blue and green outfit standing in front of a skier in pink. ", "Winter scene, man dressed in dark clothes helmet and eye goggles as if on skies, with people in background skiing. "]
["an arrangement of different types of bread at the table.", "a close up of half sandwiches displayed on elevated plates", "Sliced cut sandwiches are arranged on a glass plate.", "Half sandwiches on a round rack sitting on a table.", "A group of sandwiches displayed on a platter"]
["A person wiping out on a snowboard on the ground.", "A man on a snowboard walls in the snow", "there is a snowboarder that has fallen in the snow", "a snowboarding moving down a hill laughing ", "A snowboarder is on the ground and laughing in the snow."]
["A young boy carrying two skateboards across the street", "Boy carrying two skateboards on an urban street.", "A boy carrying two skateboards crosses the street.", "Boy carrying two skateboards and a backpack on a city street", "A man holding two skateboards standing in a parking lot."]
["A paper with a hot dog on it next to a cup of beer.", "A sandwich is on the table next to some beer.", "A hot dog and bun with toppings next to a cup of beer.", "A glass of beer next to a hot dog with various toppings.", "a hot dog next to a cold beer"]
["A single skater boarder travels along a deserted walkway.", "A person skating on a skateboard down a sidewalk.", "A skateboarder is gliding along a paved walkway.", "A person skateboarding in a blurry photograph on cement near a planter.", "Someone in a blue shirt and calf-high pants is riding a skateboard."]
["A woman holds a basket with a hot dog while she is surrounded by two other people.", "A group of people sitting at a table eating a hot dog.", "Two women and a man with sandwich in basket.", "The three friends are eating a meal together. ", "A man and two women holding a basket with a hotdog."]
["A man riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.", "a person is in the snow on a snowboard", "A man wearing goggles and a red jacket rides a snowboard through water.", "This is a downhill snowboarder lifting the front edge of his board up to expose his green and yellow board to the camera.", "A man who is in some water on his snowboard."]
["A plate of food with a hot dog and a carton of milk. ", "A milk carton and plate of food (including a hot dog and grape juice) sits on a place mat.", "A hotdog and grape drink are on a green cloth.", "A polka dot plate with one hotdog, baked beans and carton of grape drink on a green table cloth next to a larger carton of drink.", "A plate with a hot dog and baked beans and drinks."]
["Eight hot dogs on charcoal barbeque on cement", "A pack of hot dogs recently placed on a charcoal grill.", "A group of hot dogs is cooked on a grill.", "A bunch of hotdogs cooking on a grill", "Hot dogs are on a grill full of charcoal."]
["A snowboarder is high in the air holding onto his board with one arm flailing.", "A snowboarder is in the air over the snow.", "A snowboarder is high up in the air.", "A man is flying through the air with a ski board in the middle of winter.", "Man doing a high jump on a snow board."]
["a man flying through the air while riding a snowboard.", "A man is taking a picture of someone on a snowboard.", "A man in black holds up a camera as a man on top of a gray snowboard hovers in the air.", "A man photographing a snowboarder performing a nose grab.", "A man performing in a snow board and another trying to capture the moment with a camera."]
["a person that is on a snowboard in the air", "A young person flying through the air on top of a snowboard.", "A snowboarder hitting a trick on a jump in the middle of a mountain chain.", "a snow boarder flies through the air ", "A person jumping midair on a snowboard while a person photographs."]
["A man flying through the air while riding a snowboard.", "There is a snowboarder in the air performing a stunt.", "A snowboarder kicking up a cloud of snow as he does a flip.", "A snowboarder with bright blue clothes performing a trick.", "A snowboarder performing a trick in the air on a mountain."]
["Person on snowboard jumping in air with mountains in the background.", "a man jumping in the air above a ski slope on a ski board.", "A person on a snowboard jumping up in the air.", "The man is snowboarding down the snow covered hill. ", "A person on a snow board performing a jump on a mountainside."]
["A hot dog in a bun covered with peas and ketchup.", "A hot dog in a bun covered in pees.", "A hotdog with peas and ketchup on it.", "A hot dog with ketchup and beans, is being held in a napkin. ", "A hot dog in a bun covered in condiments."]
["This doughnut has chocolate icing and sprinkles on it.", "a few different kind of doughnuts on a table", "A white plate topped with donuts covered in chocolate and sprinkles.", "Orange and black sprinkles on the donuts are for Halloween.", "Chocolate frosted doughnut with orange and black sprinkles."]
["A table topped with donuts and a cup of coffee.", "A cup and trio of glazed donuts sit on a table in front of other donuts on display. ", "Three donuts are on paper next to a coffee cup.", "Donuts sitting on the side of large donut display. ", "three donuts and a cup and some donuts in the background"]
["a man that is holding a long hot dog in hand", "This hot dog is far too long for the bun it is in.", "A hand is lifting a hotdog on a bun above a terrace ledge.", "The hotdog the man is holding is bigger then the bun its in.", "A person holding a foot long hot dog in their left hand."]
["A sandwich sitting on a piece of tinfoil next to plastic cups of mustard.", "A lunch tray with condiments meat and bread", "A fork is sticking into the meat from a sandwich, which is next to sauce in some containers.", "Sandwich supplies are  individually packed in plastic or foil.", "an image of various containers of wrapped food"]
["A hand holding a half of a sandwich next to a piece of dessert.", "Someone's hand holding half of a sub sandwich.", "A half of a sandwich being held in hand", "A delicious sandwich with meat, cheese, and fresh vegetables.", "A cut open sandwich reveals layers of ingredients."]
["A couple of people with snowboards in the snow.", "Two guys are snowboarding on a snowy slop.", "Two snowboarders standing on top of snow in forrest. ", "a guy on a snow board and another person standing there", "The snowboarder is talking to his friend in the snow."]
["A woman riding a snowboard across a snow covered slope.", "A young child wearing winter clothing standing on a snow board. ", "A young woman rides a snow board down a snowy mountain.", "A girl riding a snow board on a slope.", "A girl bundled up riding on a snow board."]
["A snow boarder who has fallen on a snowy hill.  ", "A man falling on his snowboard in the snow.", "A man snowboarding down a hill when he fell down.", "A snowboarder has fallen down and landed in the snow.", "A snowboarder is falling on his back while going downhill."]
["A set of four pastry sitting on top of a table.", "A wax paper that has four desserts on it", "THERE ARE A LOT OF DOUGHNUTS ON THE TABLE ", "This photo has four different Sweetreats in it.", "A mixture of pastries laying on wax paper."]
["A restaurant filled with lots of different types of food.", "Bakery filled with wrapped donuts and donuts behind the counter.", "A retail bakery store with a number of display cases.", "A bakery shop with doughnuts on a rack beside tables.", "A pastry rack, a glass display of pasties and a shelf of cookie jar on a shelf above in a bakery."]
["A woman is standing on a snowboard indoors.", "A woman in blue jeans stands on a snowboard on a floor.", "a woman wearing a red shirt is standing on a snowboard thats on a carpet", "A woman stands on her snowboard inside a house.", "A woman riding a snowboard on top of tile."]
["A man eating candy on a white stick.", "A person with glasses is licking a lollipop.", "A person is eating a dessert on a stick.", "A man in a white room puts pastry in his mouth.", "A person eating a snack on a stick."]
["A number of donuts on a box on the table", "a big group of doughnuts that are piled high", "Box of chocolate glazed doughnuts sitting on shelf.", "a group of chocolate dougnuts clustered together on a tray", "Delicious glazed chocolate donuts resting on one another. "]
["A little girl holding a donut covered in sprinkles.", "A girl holding a donut topped with sprinkles.", "A smiling girl holds a candy-sprinkled donut in the back seat of a car. ", "A girl in the back of a car holding a donut with sprinkles.", "A smiling child holds a sprinkled doughnut in the back seat of the car."]
["A  group of people playing football on a field", "A group of foot ball players playing a game of football.", "A runner tried to keep from being tackled.", "an image of a high school football game", "Football players running and jumping for and with the ball."]
["A red truck with roof lights and equipment in back.", "a red city work truck with red emergency lights on the top", "A rescue truck with a surfboard on the back of it.", "a red ford fire truck sitting in a damp parking lot. ", "A red fire truck parked in a rainy parking lot"]
["a conveyer belt full of doughnuts rolling down the machine", "A conveyor belt covered in lots of donuts.", "a line that has a bunch of doughnuts on it", "Many donuts are inside of a large fryer. ", "A machine that cooks donuts and puts them in the box."]
["A group of doughnuts that are on a conveyor.", "A conveyor belt that has doughnuts on them.", "Donuts being flipped by a frying machine in a donut factory. ", "A conveyor belt topped with lots of doughnuts.", "A bunch of doughnuts going down the assembly line to get glazed."]
["A person with a blue ring eating a doughnut", "Two hands holding a half eaten jelly filled donut.", "childs hands holding powdered sugar donut with chocolate inside", "a close up of a person holding a jelly filled doughnut", "A person eating a very large donut with two hands."]
["A wooden table with a white plate with a doughnut on top of it.", "A donut and cup of coffee sitting on a table in a restaurant, a backpack with a book laying on top next to them.", "There is a cake doughnut on a small plate along with a mug of coffee.", "a doughnut on a plate next to a mug on a wooden table.", "A cup of coffee, donut and backpack atop a wooden table."]
["a number of people walking on a beach holding surf boards", "many people walking along the beach carrying surf boards", "Surfers and beach goers on a sandy beach.", "A group of people walking around a beach.", "A man with a surfboard walking along the beach."]
["A cup of coffee sitting next to a sandwich & chips.", "A sandwich is cut in half and sided with an unknown dish with coffee.", "A sandwich with chips and drink from panera.", "A sandwich with a drink and a bag of chips.", "A sandwich cut in half and a cup of coffee."]
["blue berry doughnuts are on display in a bakery.", "A sign for Blueberry doughnuts for three dollars and fifty cents", "Blueberry doughnuts on display for 3.50 each at a market.", "There are plenty of doughnuts to buy at the store.", "Donuts in a window with a with a sign for blueberry donuts for sale."]
["A box of donuts with a bite missing out of one of them .", "Several doughnuts are placed in a row on a white surface.", "Several different donuts next to each other along with a half eaten one. ", "Baked pastry items on display ready for consumer consumption.", "A bunch of doughnuts that are on a table."]
["Man walking across the empty beach holding his surfboard", "A man hols a surfboard as he walks a beach alone.", "A man walking on the beach with a surfboard.", "A man carrying his surfboard on the water's edge.", "A man carrying a surfboard across a sandy beach."]
["A white plate with a cut in half sandwich.", "A sandwich cut in half on a plate in front of a laptop.", "There is a room with various items in the picture.\n", "A plate with a sandwich and a mountain dew in the back.", "A plate with two halves of a sandwich next to a laptop and a keyboard."]
["A sandwich that is sitting on a plate.", "A close up view of Italian mini hoagie sandwich.", "A sandwich that has a type of meat on it.", "A blurry image of an Italian meatball sandwich on a plate.", "A closeup of a sandwich on a red plate."]
["People on a motorcycle holding a wrapped surfboard.", "A man and woman loading a surfboard on a motorcycle outside with other riders nearby", "A woman helping another woman hold a surfboard while she is on the back of a scooter.", "Some people trying to load an item onto a motorcycle.", "some people are loading a surfboard onto a motorcycle"]
["A tray of food contains a sandwich, vegetables, and a dessert.", "an image of a tray of food on a table", "A tray holds a sandwich plate with potatoes and a brownie. ", "A sandwich and a brownie are on a tray.", "A white plate topped with a sandwich and potatoes."]
["A large sandwich cut in half sitting on a plate.", "A sandwich with onions and lettuce cut in half.", "A sandwich with chicken and lettuce is on the table.", "Two chicken sandwiches with lettuce and cheese on wheat bread.", "A fried chicken sandwich on multi-grain bread with lettuce, tomato, and cheese."]
["a crowd of surfers are all on a beach", "a group of people getting a surf lesson on the beach ", "a number of people with many surf boards ", "Several men on the beach with their surfboards. ", "A group of people standing on a beach next to surfboards."]
["A man in a green shirt laughs at his lady friend", "A man in green and a red haired woman sharing a laugh.", "A woman with red hair standing next to a laughing man.", "A man is pointing at and laughing at a woman standing in front of him. ", "A man laughing at a redheaded woman. "]
["A group of pretty young ladies playing a game of soccer.", "team of girls trying to get the soccer ball", "THREE YOUNG GIRLS PLAYING BALL, WITH ONE OF THE GIRLS TRYING TO TAKE THE BALL AWAY", "A lot of kids that are having some fun.", "One girl trying to rip out the soccer ball while others watch."]
["Two people are cutting a pastry at a celebration.", "A cupcake tree is topped with a wedding cake.", "A bride and groom are cutting a wedding cake.", "A couple holding a knife to cut the wedding cake together. ", "a pair of newly weds cutting a cake with a knife"]
["A three tier wedding cake sitting on a table", "An elegant wedding cake with the bride and groom in the background. ", "A wedding cake sits in focus in front of a bride and groom.", "A man and a woman sitting at a table with cake. ", "A bride and groom sit near their wedding cake."]
["A man cutting a wedding cake in a kilt with his bride.", "Bride and groom cutting a four layer wedding cake.", "The married Scottish couple cuts there wedding cake.", "A man in a kilt and a bride are cutting a wedding cake.", "A bride and groom cutting into their wedding cake. "]
["a couple of people that are cutting cake", "Bride and groom slicing cake at the reception after it", "Man in a kilt and woman and white dress cutting into a cake. ", "two people at a table cutting a cake ", "A couple cutting the first slice from their wedding cake."]
["A man standing in the waves holding a surfboard.", "A male surfer stands ankle deep in the water", "A man with a surfboard stands in the water.", "A surfer standing at the edge of the ocean", "A man standing in the ocean with a surfboard."]
["A young married couple cuts their wedding cake. ", "A bride and groom are cutting into their wedding cake.", "A man holding a woman's hand and cutting a wedding cake together.", "A newlywed couple cutting the first slice from their wedding cake.", "The couple is cutting the cake to share with guests."]
["A group of people standing under a white tent on a beach.", "A group of people under a tent at the beach.", "there are people stsnding on thr beavh wth a surf bard", "Maybe it is not the right weather for these surfers to ride the waves.", "A group of surfers change their clothes on a beach."]
["Many sail boats sail through the water in a row", "A couple of people riding wind sails on the ocean.", "A photo of an outdoor with many things in the scene.\n", "Three wind surfers coast freely on the ocean", "Several windsurfers are riding the waves in the ocean."]
["a kid in an ocean swimming besides the ocean", "A small child at the eaters edge with a surfboard", "A kid in the ocean with a surfboard. ", "THERE IS A BOY THAT IS IN THE BEACH WATER", "There is a young child playing in the waves at the beach."]
["a close up of many books on a bed with sheets", "a group of paper back books on a bed with a blue comforter.", "Several stacks of  different types of books on a bed.", "A large collection of books sitting on a bed.", "A number of books laying on a bed."]
["A very formally styled wedding cake, decorated in white icing and adorned with green ribbons and pink flowers. ", "A white wedding cake with pink flowers attached.", "The three layered cake is adorned with large pink flowers.", "a close up of a cake with flowers on it ", "Tiered wedding cake decorated with ribbon and daisies"]
["A very happy older couple cutting a cake together.", "An elderly man and woman both holding and knife and cutting a cake.", "A smiling, elderly couple cut a cake together", "A older man and a woman are cutting a cake together", "A man and woman holding a knife together cutting a cake that sits on a table."]
["A bed that has four pillows on it.", "A white fluffy looking bed with four comfty pillows on it", "A picture of a bed in an upright reading position.", "A white bed covered in pillows sitting next to a window.", "A room with a bed with four pillows and white sheets"]
["A large brown dog sitting in front of a paw shaped cake with a lit candle.", "A dog looking at a birthday cake shaped like a dog's paw ", "A dog looks down at a cake with a candle. ", "A brown dog looking at the lit candle on the doggy birthday cake", "A large dog sitting in front of a cake."]
["the soccer player has the ball right next to his feet ", "A man who is dribbling a soccer ball.", "A man kicking a soccer ball across a green field.", "A soccer match on a field with a male soccer player in stride with a soccer ball in front of him and a full stadium of people watching.", "A professional soccer player dribbling a ball on a grass surface."]
["A stuffed animal in bed with the remote control.", "A red and white stuffed animal with a tv remote in a bed.", "Checkered stuffed animal laying in bed with remote.", "A Stuffed animal sitting in a bed with a television remote placed by his hand", "A gingham doll poses in bed with a remote control."]
["A woman riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A girl surfing on a small ocean wave.", "A female surfer finishing out a wave that she rode", "A female surfing on a surfboard on water.", "The surfer is enjoying the thrill of the high waves."]
["A woman riding a wave on top of a blue surfboard.", "a girl in a green shirt is surfing on a blue and white board", "A female surfer is squatted on the board cutting through the waves.", "A picture of a young woman surfing on the ocean.", "A surfer is surfing in the ocean on a surf board."]
["Woman with decorated cake with one lit candle", "A person that is about to blow out some candles.", "A woman getting ready to blow out the candle of a cake.", "The woman sits at the table overlooking the pink and white cake with lit candle.", "A woman sitting at a table with a pink and white cake."]
["A silhouette of a man surfing over waves.", "A man riding on top of a wave in the ocean.", "a man surfing on some waves with a great sunset", "Man on surfboard surfing in the sunset in the ocean.", "There is a male surfer riding a wave while the sun goes down"]
["this is blueberry pie from the old days", "A piece of cake up close, it appears almost gone.", "A yellow cake slice has blue in the middle.", "A half eaten piece of cake sitting on top of a plate.", "A piece of half eaten cake on a plate "]
["An old fashioned doll is on a narrow bed.", "A bed and window in a small room.", "An old fashioned, decorated room with a doll on a small bed.", "Antique mahogany children's sleigh bed with a doll in it in front of the fireplace of a very old home. ", "The living room is decorated with vintage furniture."]
["A canopy bed is dressed in all pink bedding. ", "A four poster canopy bed with a pink comforter, pillows and canopy", "A fourposter bed with feminine pink bedclothes and curtains.", "The pink bed was in a room with a chandelier hanging in front of it and a blue wall.", "A four poster bed with pink patterned cover"]
["A man poses while standing between two surfboards", "there is a man with a pink shirt holding two surf boards", "a man in sungalsses holding two surfboards on the side of him", "The man in a pink shirt smiles holding two surfboards.", "A hipster standing between two surfboards while wearing sunglasses.."]
["Large bed with white comforter, sheets, chair and tables.", "A clean decorated room with the lights on.", "A bedroom has a bed, a chair, and a window.", "NICE DIMLY LIT HOTEL ROOM, WITH A HUGE BED", "A bedroom with a large picture window and an armchair."]
["A large bed with white sheets is unmade.", "Mattress of bed that was not made with pillows.", "A unmade bed that has a blanket and pillows on it.", "An unmade bed that has pillows and blankets on it.", "A bed is unmade with pillows on it."]
["a cake on a table next to a glass of wine ", "A yellow cake with strawberries on top that i half eaten.", "A view of a cake with pieces of food cut out of it.", "A large cake with strawberries has been half eaten.", "a sliced up cake laying on a table next to a glass of wine"]
["A woman in a dress laying on a bed on the dirt.", "An indian woman in a purple dress laying on a bed", "A woman is laying on here right side and looking up.", "There is now image here to provide a caption for.", "A Indian women lays on a pillow on the bare floor."]
["A woman is lying beside her child on the ground.", "a lady laying down is being fanned by a little girl", "a woman is lying down with her head on a pillow", "A woman lays on her side, as she wears beautiful, colorful clothing.", "An old woman lying down being attended to by a child in India"]
["A man in a restaurant admiring a gigantic pizza.", "A man in a green shirt holds a large pizza with lettuce on it.", "A man sitting in front of a large pizza with cheese, sauce and a leafy topping. ", "Man in green shirt sitting in front of gigantic pizza.", "The man is holding an extremely large pizza with a lot of stuff on it."]
["Children's room with a bed and a small crib with stuffed toys on the ground. ", "An unmade child's bed sits next to a doll bed containg stuffed toys.", "A bedroom has a regular bed and baby bed full of stuffed animals.", "A clean room with a bed and baby bunk in it.", "A child's bedroom with a toddler bed and a twin bed."]
["A young child sitting on top of a couch.", "A little boy sitting on a bed in a bedroom ", "a small child resting in a large bed next to a window", "A young boy waking up in his bed and playing with toys. ", "a child on a bed with lots of pillows and blankets "]
["Two small beds with white and red sheets. ", "Two beds, closely spaced, in a dimly lit room", "A couple of beds and sheets in a room.", "A bedroom area with two beds, windows and lighting.", "There are two twin beds in the room "]
["The bunk beds are made up with the same bedding. ", "Small bunk bed in the corner of a bedroom.", "a small wooden bunkbed sits in the corner of a room near some windows.", "a bunk bed sitting in the corner of the bedroom ", "There are bunk beds in the childrens room."]
["Two young children sleeping in wooden bunk beds.", "A bunk bed with a little girl on the bottom and a little boy on the top.", "The small children lie in a dark green, wooden bunk bed.", "Two  happy children in bed on their bunkbeds", "Two people laying on a green bunk beds"]
["A bedroom complete with a bed, dresser and ceiling fan.", "A bedroom with white walls and carpeted flooring.", "A lightly colored bedroom with bed, dressers, and ceiling fan.", "There is a bed and a ceiling fan along with white furniture in this bedroom.", "A very clean and organized bedroom stands empty of people."]
["A couple of beds sitting next to each other in a room.", "THERE IS A ROOM WITH TWO BEDS IN IT ", "there are two small twin beds in this room", "A bedroom with two beds and a nightstand with a lamp in between the beds.", "Two made beds, a nightstand with a lamp, and framed art on the wall."]
["A pizza, silverware, and a drink sitting on a table.", "a fully cooked pizza with silverwarde sitting on the table beside it", "A pizza sitting on top of a card board box.", "A supreme pizza sitting on a table with a fork and knife by it.", "A very big and tasty looking pizza with toppings."]
["A girl is sitting on a bed and has each hand on a notepad. ", "A lady is sitting on a bed trying to organize things.", "A person sitting on the end of a bed on a blanket.", "Someone sitting on their bed with accessories. ", "A child sitting on a bed writing out cards."]
["An old tv lies broken on a beautiful beach.", "A TV sitting on top of a stone covered beach.", "A television laying on a dirt ground next to a body of water.", "A television is laying out by the beach", "Trashed television laying on shore off from the water."]
["A large, wooden bed with intricate details on the headboard.", "An ornate wooden bed has a fancy quilt on it.", "A made up bed with a large wooden headboard.", "A large bed with a wooden head board covered in a blanket.", "A bed with an intricate wooden headboard and a patchwork quilt."]
["Food in a pain is shown up close. ", "A picture of a pizza on a pizza plate with mushrooms, pepperoni, and peppers. ", "A pizza sitting on top of a metal pizza pan.", "a pizza with a lot of difefrent things on it", "A pizza with pepperonis, mushrooms, onions and peppers."]
["A domestic cat lounges on a quilt covering a bed.", "a cat resting on the bed spread of a bed.", "A brown and white cat laying on a bed.", "This cat appears to appreciate its owner's quilt-covered bed.", "Cat lounging on an iron bed next to a quilt"]
["People playing beach tennis on a cool day", "Guys playing badminton on the beach on a cold day.", "A group of people in the stand near a volleyball net.", "a group of people play a game of volley ball", "A group of men standing on top of a beach."]
["A tennis player is swinging at a volley during a match.", "a tennis player taking a swing at the ball.", "A man swinging a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.", "A tennis player holding his racket aiming for the ball.", "a man is holding a tennis racket on a court"]
["The computer has been placed on a huge shelf full of movies.", "an image of a book shelf with a computer desk", "There is a computer set up on a book shelf", "A dual monitor computer sits on a bookshelf.", "A large collection of video games and movies in a room with a dual screen monitor and computer"]
["The hotel room is cluttered with personal items.", "The interior of a hotel room with desk, kitchenette and television", "Someone has been living in a motel room for awhile.", "A room with a rolling chair, cabinets, and HD TV.", "A room with a flat screen TV, office chair and sink. "]
["A man taking a swing at a tennis ball", "A man serving a tennis ball on a tennis court.", "A tennis player tossing the ball up to make a serve.", "A person in white with a tennis racket while a woman in blue stands behind a fence.", "Guy raises his arm up as he tossed the tennis ball in the air to serve to the other side"]
["A man hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.", "A person is swinging a tennis racket at a ball.", "a tennis playerr in motion hitting a tennis ball", "A male tennis player hits the tennis ball.", "A young male in blue shorts is hitting a tennis ball during a tennis game."]
["A man swinging a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.", "a man is on the court playing tennis outside", "A man that is holding a racquet standing in the dirt.", "A man serves the ball during a clay-court tennis match.", "a man that is jumping with a racket in hand"]
["A man in a yellow shirt and grey shorts playing tennis.", "A man playing tennis on a dirt court.", "The man is playing tennis on the tennis court. ", "a man in a yellow shirt playing a tennis match", "A tennis player in a stance ready to return a serve."]
["a female in a white dress is playing tennis", "a woman wearing a hat hitting a tennis ball", "A woman holding a racquet toward a tennis ball.", "A woman swinging a tennis racket at a tennis ball", "A woman swinging a racket at a tennis ball."]
["Am an taking a swing at a tennis ball", "A tennis player has hit a ball back to his opponent.", "A man on a tennis court holding a tennis racquet.", "A tennis player holding a racket and playing tennis.\n", "A young man is playing tennis on a court."]
["Girl tennis player getting ready to serve ball. ", "a woman reaching her arm up as she gets ready to hit a tennis ball", "The tennis player looks up at a ball she is about to serve. ", "a lady in a white tennis dress, serving a tennis ball.", "A YOUNG GIRL IS ON THE COURT PLAYING TENNIS"]
["two guys outside playing tennis on a tennis court", "two tennis players on a court with rackets ", "A couple of boys that are standing on a tennis court.", "Two boys playing doubles on a tennis court.", "two boys practicing their tennis on the courts"]
["Two young people playing a game of tennis.", "The tennis player was able to make the unusual shot.", "Young tennis player swings racket and returns volley.", "Players on tennis court one poised to strike ball.", "A boy hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racket on a tennis court."]
["A woman holding a tennis racquet standing next to a red sports bottle.", "A red and white thermos on the ground", "Girl holding a tennis racket with a a red water bottle on ground.", "Close up of red water bottle with woman in the background.", "a person standing standing with a tennis racket in between her legs"]
["A guy making a piece sign in front of a pizza.", "A man with glasses sitting in front of a table with pizza.", "A man makes a funny face in front of a pepperoni pizza.", "The man was making a funny face before he served the pizza.", "A man in front of a large pizza doing a hand signal"]
["A slice of pizza covered in olives on top of a pizza pan.", "A pizza is topped with a variety of toppings.", "One of the toppings on the pizza is black olives.", "A slice of vegetarian pizza with cheese, olives and mushrooms.", "There is one slice of pizza left on the pan."]
["A little girl about to eat something off of a spoon.", "A young girl tasting food from her bowl", "A little girl eating something out of a bowl with lots of cheese.", "A girl is pulling up a spoonful of a cheesy casserole with stands of cheese stretching.", "Young Asian girl eating deep dish pizza with a spoon."]
["Two small pepperoni pizzas served on a white plate", "A pair of pizza are served on a plate.", "Two personal size pepperoni pizza on a plate.", "Two freshly made pizzas topped with cheese and pepperoni cool off.", "?Two mini pizzas sitting on top of a white plate."]
["A person on a court with a tennis racket.", "A woman is on a tennis court in mid serve.", "A woman holding a racquet on top of a tennis court.", "a woman about to serve a tennis ball", "A woman gets ready to smack the tennis ball across the court."]
["A woman in white jacket and green skirt playing tennis.", "A tennis player is hitting at a high ball.", "a tennis player stretching to his a serve", "Two women playing a game of tennis on a court.", "A woman swinging a tennis racquet on a court."]
["Women on a tennis court playing tennis. ", "People playing a game of tennis on a green tennis court.", "Three tennis players playing a game on a tennis court.", "A group of people are playing tennis on a court.", "People playing tennis together on the tennis court "]
["a female in a white shirt  is playing tennis ", "A woman on a tennis court serves the ball.", "The woman is playing a game of tennis on the court. ", "A girl on a tennis court throws a ball in the air.", "a tennis player getting ready to hit a serve"]
["Oddly shaped homemade pizza about to be cut with pizza cutter", "A pizza sitting on top of a wooden board.", "irregular shaped pizza on counter with pizza cutter and plate to side", "a close up of a pizza near a slicer ", "A flat pizza with toppings served on a cutting board"]
["a man putting some cheese on top of his pizza slice ", "The man in a large coat is holding a slice of pizza.", "the man is putting something on his pizza", "A man putting salt on a pizza at a restaurant, ", "a man with a slice of pizza putting seasoning on it"]
["a crowd surrounding a large pizza with four sections of different toppings", "A group of individuals smiling in front of a multi-flavored pizza.", "Group of people gathered around pizza box on bed divided into four sections", "A party of young people in a bedroom with a large box of pizza.", "A group of people sitting on a bed next to an extra large pizza. "]
["a tennis ball is resting on a racket outside", "The tennis racket has a tennis ball balanced on it.", "A tennis ball resting on a racquet. ", "An orange and green tennis ball sitting on top of a racquet.", "A new tennis ball is sitting on a racquet."]
["The pizza is on wax paper near a paper plate.", "Sliced pizza served on wooden paddle at table.", "A pizza is shown on a wood plank.", "A small pizza on a wooden pizza server with one small plate nearby.", "A freshly made pizza that is being served to someone. "]
["A group of people sitting at tables eating pizza.", "A table with a bunch of baskets and a plate.", "A woman having a meal in a restaurant and using a cell phone.", "A person is using a smartphone at a table with pizza.", "a person is sitting at a table with food"]
["A black and white picture of a television set.", "a close up of a tv with people in the reflection ", "A black and white photo of a tv is shown.", "A reflection of a person off the face of a turned off television. ", "A television with the reflection of a woman at a table."]
["Many appliances on the shell of a store with containers", "There are a lot of different things on a shelf.", "A ferris wheel with toys on it in a store.", "a toy farris wheel is in the middle of a room", "A prize wheel holding various prizes spins behind its glass cage."]
["A display of toothbrushes and other dental hygiene products", "A ferris wheel display with toothbrushes sitting like people", "A rack containing various brushes next to digital cameras.", "Different dental health products turned into a miniature ferris wheel", "The room is filled with various technical appliances."]
["A woman brushing her teeth with a blue and white tooth brush.", "A young girl in glasses holds up her toothbrush.", "A girl with glasses holding a toothbrush in front of her.", "A woman standing in a mirror holding a toothbrush", "A girl shows off her toothbrush in the bathroom."]
["A baby chooses on a toy while someone gives him a bath. ", "A young infant taking a bath with a toothbrush in its mouth.", "A baby in a bucket of water brushing its teeth.", "Baby enjoying bath in small blue tub with green toy.", "A baby is in his baby pool, nibbling on something with an adult present. "]
["A baby playing with a toothbrush gets a sponge bath from an adult.", "A little girl taking a bath in a blue bath tub.", "A small child in an inflatable tub having a bath.", "A person bathing a very small cute kid holding a tooth brush.", "Someone needs to show the baby the right end of a toothbrush."]
["A woman holding a toothbrush looking through a doorway. ", "A girl standing next to a door holding a toothbrush. ", "A young girl is brushing her teeth in this dated photo.", "a female with a gray top is holding a blue toothbrush", "A young woman brushes her teeth in a bathroom."]
["Three people with a video game remote in their hands. ", "A big guy holding a remote next to a smiling woman.", "Man and woman playing video game and smiling in living room", "A man and a woman playing a game on the Nintendo Wii.", "A man and woman playing a game with Nintendo Wii controllers."]
["A livingroom with coffee table sofa and wingback chair", "a long coffee table with a bowl and some flowers on it ", "a room well arranged and a vase of flowers", "There is a coffee table in the center of the room. ", "A living room is neatly maintained and is awaiting guests."]
["A little boy standing in front of a tv with a wii remote", "a baby playing a video game on tv", "A baby standing on a video game accessory holding a controller, in front of a television.", "A toddler plays with the Wii gaming console.", "A child plays with a video game while standing on a sensor pad."]
["A father and son play a video game on the Nintendo Wii.", "A man talking to a little boy on a bed.", "Man sitting on bed with a small child that is holding a Wii controller. ", "A man and a boy on a bed with a Wii controller.", "A man and boy play video games together."]
["a video game console controller is laying on a wood table", "Video game controller sitting on table next to glass.", "A remote and a glass on a wooden table.", "A video game controller that is placed on a table.", "The video game controller is laying on a table next to a glass."]
["A living room has a couch, a chair, and a wood stove.", "A luxuriously appointed living room in a rustic cottage. ", "A wood burning stove, television and couch in a living room.", "a living room with a a lot of chairs and a fancy fireplace ", "Rustic looking living room with leather furniture and fireplace."]
["A living room filled with furniture and a small dog.", "A clean but old looking wood floored living room", "an empty living room with a velvet couch", "A dog is sitting in a living room on an ottoman.", "A living room with variously patterned furniture and decorations."]
["A living room with red leather furniture in it", "A burgundy leather couch in a living room.", "A living room decorated with red couch and chair.", "The furniture in the small living room is mostly red.", "A living room has a red sofa and chair."]
["A flat screen TV sitting in a living room next too a shelf.", "A living room with wooden floors and a large television.", "A living room with a large flat screen tv and a chair.", "A living room with a fireplace, TV, and chair.", "View of single chair in front of flat panel tv by the window."]
["A little girl standing in a room with no shoes on. ", "Excited little girl posing for a picture while holding a present behind her back.", "A small girl standing in a living room on a hard wood floor making a crazy face.", "A little girl standing in the room with her mouth open ", "A very cute small girl with a funny face."]
["A desktop computer sitting next to a laptop computer on a  desk.", "A computer on a table along with a laptop and a camera.", "a table with two computers and a camera on it ", "Table with a mac desktop and a mac laptop.", "A long table covered and used as a desk"]
["a table top with a computer on it ", "A desk with a laptop, headphones, and a light on top.", "A round illuminated ball next to a laptop on a desk.", "A laptop with a keyboard, mouse and speakers is on a table.", "A light that is on a table next to a laptop."]
["A keyboard and computer monitor and a mouse.", "a close up of a keyboard a mouse and a lamp", "A computer, keyboard, and mouse sitting on a desk.", "A computer sitting on top of a desk next to a light.", "The computer and decor look futuristic in the photo."]
["a headphone jack sitting next to a keyboard ", "An unplugged audio speaker sits on a desk near computer equipment.", "A computer keyboard sitting next to a speaker.", "the keyboard is sitting on the desk as well as a speaker", "An audio cord with a speaker, computer and keyboard."]
["A man standing in a living room next to a chair.", "Man in khaki clothing standing in an open living room. ", "Man in his living room looking at a microwave box", "A man stands in a room with a cardboard box sitting on a chair.", "This man is walking through a living room."]
["A desktop computer sitting on a desk next to big speakers.", "A black stereo speaker near a computer monitor and mouse.", "We are looking past a speaker at a monitor.", "Black and white photograph of speakers and a desktop computer", "A speaker, screen, mouse and keyboard are being displayed."]
["a man that is typing on his keyboard eating pizza", "a person sitting at a desk with a keyboard and a mouse ", "The young man is eating pizza as he uses the computer.", "The man is eating a piece of pizza while working on the computer.", "Young man eating some food in front of a computer."]
["A woman and some kids sitting on a couch.", "A lady and two young girls are smiling for the camera. ", "there is a woman and two small children together on a couch", "A woman and two children are sitting together.", "An older woman and two young children sitting on a couch."]
["A computer and keyboard sitting on a cluttered desk.", "A large flat screen TV sitting on top of a shelf.", "Monitor and computer sitting on a computer desk.", "A cluttered desk with a black computer sitting on it.", "black desktop computer sitting on a messy desk"]
["A living room filled with furniture and two windows.", "this living room has a small tv and a black couch ", "A nice size living room that is messy .", "A living room scene with couches and a television.", "Small furnished living room with lots of clutter."]
["a computers keyboard on a table and a pen", "A pen next to a keyboard on the table. ", "A close up of sun speckle pattern on a plain wooden surface", "A row of lights next to a keyboard and a pen.", "A pen laying on a wooden table in front of a computer keyboard."]
["A man sitting in a chair holding a remote and watching television in a living room.", "A man sits in a living room and watches television. ", "A living room with a flat screen TV next to a couple of chars.", "A man watching television in a resort hotel room", "A man on a chair watching television by himself."]
["A room with a chair, a piano, and a laptop.", "An electronic piano sitting on a desk above a furnace.", "A keyboard sits on a table over a red radiator.", "a photo of an electric piano next to a window and a chair", "An electric keyboard is attached to a laptop."]
["A coffee table is standing in a living room.", "A wooden table sitting in the middle of a living room.", "We are looking at a formal living room.", "An empty living room with basic pieces of furniture. ", "A living area with a sofa, coffee table and an entertainment unit."]
["A living room filled with furniture and a entertainment center.", "Living room scene with assorted furniture and a wall sized mirror. ", "a living room with a shelf a coffee table and couches", "A house full of unmatched furniture; people are coming in through the door. ", "an image of a living room setting with a coffee table"]
["A group of people walking up and down a city sidewalk.", "People walking down a sidewalk on a street.", "People walking up and down a city sidewalk.", "A photograph of some people walking down the street in the city.", "A woman walking past some stores on a sidewalk."]
["Flat screen fixed on a all opposite a nice couch and living room.", "The TV is the only thing occupying the wall. ", "A TV is showing the weather in an empty living room.", "A television is on, in front of a white couch with a sheet on top of it.", "a big television sits in front of a chair "]
["A wall mounted TV over the top of a table.", "A living room with news on the television.", "The television set is tuned into the daily news. ", "A large flat screen television hanging on a wall.", "A television is mounted to the white wall."]
["A table with cell phones and clutter on top of it.", "Hiking equipment and gear neatly spread out on a table.", "an image of books and other electronics on the table", "A table with hiking supplies such as lotions and equipment.", "Many travel items have been placed neatly on a desk."]
["some people playing tennis for a large crowd to watch ", "A man returning a tennis ball to his opponent on the court ", "A tennis match on a tennis court with many spectators in the stands.", "The man is swinging at the tennis ball with a racket. ", "Two men playing a professional tennis match in a stadium."]
["Two men on blue tennis court playing game.", "Two tennis players in action on the court.", "A tennis match is being played on purple tennis court.", "A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A photo of two men playing tennis on a court."]
["a wooden desk with radio equipment in a room ", "A C.B. radio setup with two walkie-talkies on a window ledge and an open binder in front.", "A radio base station sitting on the table.", "A desk full of radio system with a book journal.", "A CB radio and other radio equipment sit on a desk alongside a binder."]
["there is a man standing on a beach flying a kite", "A man who is flying a kite on a beach.", "A man standing on the beach flying a large kite,", "The person stands on the beach flying a kite at sunset.", "A person flies a kite as the sun sets in the distance. "]
["Kites flying in cloudy sky over the ocean.", "A man is flying a kite on the beach.", "A person on the beach flying a kite.", "a person on a beach with a kite flying in the sky", "A man is flying a kite on the beach."]
["Someone flying a kite while on the beach. ", "A person flies a large and colorful kite at the beach.", "a man with a big kite flying so high", "A rainbow colored kite in the air with three tales and a person in distance on a beach on a cloudy day.", "A kite in the air with a man on a beach in the background. "]
["2 people are flying a kite in the middle of no where in the winter. ", "Two people flying a kite in the snow.", "a couple of people standing in the snow playing with a kite", "Two people kite ski over a snowy expanse in the mountains.", "Two people standing on a snow covered ground holding a kite."]
["Two people flying a kite in the snow near a snow covered mountain.", "A couple of people flying kites over a snow covered field.", "there are two people in the snow flying a kite", "The people are flying a kite in the sky. ", "Several paraskiers engaged beneath a cloudy winter sky."]
["A man kiteboarding on top of a snow covered ground.", "A person leans back while holding onto a flying object.", "A person has a parachute attached to him, as he is traveling down a snowy hill.", "A person is flying a kite in an open snowy area.", "The person is parasailing through the air above snow. "]
["a couple of people are flying kites in the snow", "Two people flying a kite over a snowy field.", "There are two people who are out in the snow.", "Two people in the snow flying a kite under cloudy skies.", "this is an image of two people flying a kite in the snow"]
["A group of people standing on top of a field flying kites.", "there is a kite that is being flown next to a large bird ", "Two birds are flying in the sky and there are people in a field below.", "Young children in large open grass field flying kites.", "a big bird flying close to a kite"]
["A person flying a kite on a busy city street", "A group of pedestrians walk down a city street next to a floating kite sign.", "People walking down a street on a cold day", "A group of people walking down a street under a flying kite.", "One person flies a kite near a crowded sidewalk."]
["A man flying a kite on the beach. ", "An older man watches a kite fly from across a body of water.", "An older gentleman flies a kite on the beach.", "A man that is standing in the sand flying a kite.", "An old man flying a kite high up in the air."]
["A bunch of flags fly in the sky on a field. ", "Signs and other things at a festival near a monument.", "A crowded group of various flags and kites.", "A field full of flags under a blue sky.", "A lot of flags are posted up in a field for celebration."]
["a guy trying to fly a kite outside", "A man wearing a green jacket stands on grass as he holds a kite.", "There is a man in the park flying a kite.", "A man stands in a field while holding a kite.", "A man standing in a yard with green grass and holding a kite in his hand."]
["A woman flying a kite on the beach.", "A lady on a sandy beach flying a kite.", "A woman flies a kite on a sunny day at the beach.", "A girl is flying a kite on the beach", "A person throwing a frisbee at the beach"]
["A man is holding a large kite in an open field.", "A man holding up a yellow kite on top of a field.", "a man standing in a field with a kite in the air", "A man stands in a field playing with a yellow kite.", "a man in a field holding a large yellow kite"]
["A woman is punk rock school girl combo style walks across a street talking on her phone.", "A woman crosses the street while she talks on her cellphone. ", "A beautiful young blond talking on a cell phone.", "A woman talking on her cell phone while walking.", "A woman walks across a street with a cellphone to her ear."]
["A man stands with a yellow stick near a kneeling woman.", "two young people playing in a house one is posing with a stick.", "A man with glasses is holding a bat near a woman.", "a man with a handle plays with a woman ", "A man holding a yellow pole next to a woman in a living room. "]
["Three people in a room with one holding a plastic bat..", "A family stands and smiles happily next to their daughter.", "A beautiful young lady standing next to another beautiful lady and a man.", "Two friends about to play a prank on a third friend.", "A man is holding a baseball bat next to a woman."]
["A man wearing glasses and a half looking at his cell phone.", "A man checks his phone as he walks down the street.", "A young man wearing glasses stops to look at his electronic device.", "A man stares at his phone in the outdoors.", "A picture of a person on his cell phone."]
["a man in red is playing a baseball game", "A baseball player in red shorts prepares to swing at the ball.", "There is a man playing in a game of baseball.", "A man in shorts gets ready for a pitch.", "A man that is standing in the dirt with a bat."]
["A MAN IS PLAYING BASE BALL ON THE FIELD ", "A blurred photo of a man batting a baseball at a game.", "A guy in action with a baseball bat and some fans.", "Moving image of baseball player swinging at pitched ball.", "BLURRED VIEW OF A MAN HOLDING BASEBALL BAT IN THE SWING POSITION"]
["a catcher and a batter in a baseball field", "Baseball player up to bat swings at the ball.", "THERE IS A MAN THAT IS SWINING A BASEBALL BAT", "A batter takes a swing to hit the baseball ", "A man in an orange baseball jersey hitting a pitch."]
["A young boy holding a baseball bat on a field.", "A little boy swinging a grey baseball bat.", "a little boy playing in his back yard with a bat", "A little boy swings at a baseball with his bat", "A little boy that is standing in the grass with a bat."]
["A child is playing with a ball in a batting cage.", "A kid that is swinging a baseball bat at a batting cage.", "A boy is swinging a bat in a batting cage.", "Young child in batting cage practicing hitting soft balls.", "A boy prepares to hit a moving ball inside of a batting cage."]
["a baseball field with a pitcher hurling a baseball to the plate", "A baseball player pitching a ball to a batter.", "A baseball game where the pitcher just pitched to the batter.", "A person can be seen throwing a ball on a baseball field. ", "A pitcher throwing the baseball during a game. "]
["A baseball player strikes a ball with his bat.", "An overhead view shows a batter with his bat outstretched.", "Three men are playing baseball, one of the men is swinging a bat.", "A baseball player taking a swing during a game.", "A baseball player up to bat swinging at a baseball."]
[" A baseball player is running home from third base", "The view of a college baseball game through a protective screen.", "a number of baseball players on a field ", "A baseball player with a bat at home plate.", "a group of people on a baseball field playing a game of baseball"]
["a pitcher throwing a ball from the mound ", "A pitcher throws the ball as the batter prepares to swing in a baseball game.", "Pitcher barely throwing the ball with hitter about to contact", "a couple of people that are playing baseball", "A batter awaiting a pitch in an organized baseball game."]
["A pitcher pitching the ball to a batter", "A black and white photo taken during a baseball game. ", "A crowd of people watching a baseball game taking place.", "A view of a baseball game being played on a field in a stadium.", "A black and white picture of a baseball game."]
["A pitcher throws a baseball across the field.", "Two players participating in a baseball game together.", "Two baseball players on a field playing a game.", "two base ball players on is throwing the ball", "A man that is standing on a mound of dirt."]
["Two men holding baseball bats on a field. ", "there are two baseball players laughing together on the field", "Two baseball players in their uniforms holding their bats.", "Two young baseball players stand holding their bats.", "Two male softball players in blue jerseys standing on a playing field."]
["A baseball player at home plate swinging the bat.", "Home plate at a baseball game, with the ball in mid air and the batter in mid swing.", "Batter taking swing at ball during outdoor activity.", "A baseball player swinging a bat towards a ball.", "People in the dugouts are watching a baseball game."]
["A person swinging a bat at home plate as player in bullpen look on. ", "A man with a baseball bat standing in dirt.", "A baseball player swings his bat during a game with a full dugout.", "A baseball player swinging a bat on top of a field.", "A guy in action up to bat in a baseball game."]
["people playing baseball on a baseball field with an umpire", "An umpire catches a ball that the batter doesn't hit. ", "A baseball player on home base with a bat.", "Catcher catching a ball during a baseball game.", "A catcher catches a baseball as it passes the batter"]
["Batter up! Three men in the midst of a baseball game.", "THIS IS A PHOTO OF A BASEBALL GAME IN PROGRESS", "The batter, catcher and umpire are getting ready for the next play.", "Home plate, in a professional baseball game, catcher just having caught a high ball.", "A game of baseball where the batter is up to bat."]
["A baseball game going on in a baseball diamond.", "Five players in a baseball game: pitcher, hitter, catcher, umpire, and fielder.", "a baseball player swinging a bat at a ball", "A behind home plate view of a baseball game.", "A baseball player gets ready for the next pitch."]
["Baseball players are in their positions to play the game. ", "The ball players are playing a game of baseball.", "A pitcher throwing a ball at a baseball game. ", "A pitcher throws a baseball and a batter poses with the bat.", "A baseball player holding a base on a field."]
["A baseball player swinging his bat during a game. \n", "A man swinging a baseball bat at a ball. ", "A baseball player swinging a bat next to home base.", "A baseball player in a white uniform swings the bat.", "The batter takes a big swing at the pitch"]
["A man holding a tennis racquet while standing on a purple tennis court.", "A man holding a tennis racket on a tennis court.", "a tennis player hitting a tennis ball on a court", "a person hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racket", "A tennis player stands on one leg on a tennis court as many look on."]
["A woman sitting on the back of a couch next to a man wearing glasses.", "The man and the woman are eating pizza.", "A man and a woman sitting on a couch.", "A woman and a man sitting on a couch with one on a cell phone.", "Two people are sitting on a couch while eating pizza."]
["A dish with a cheesy pizza with different toppings and a slice or two missing.", "A partially-eaten pizza is seen on a plate.", " A pizza sitting on a plate with toppings on it.", "Large pizza pie with a slice taken out of it. ", "a pizza sits on a card board trey "]
["A pizza sitting on a pizza pan on top of a wooden table.", "a pizza on a silver platter and some glasses and plates", "A pizza with tomatoes, onions and basil on a wooden table.", "A pizza with tomatoes and red onions is cooked and ready to eat.", "A PIZZA WITH GLASSES BESIDES IT KEPT ON A TABLE."]
["3 slices of pizza with bell pepper, olives, and avocado", "A pan of pizza with toppings on a table. ", "Pizza on plate cut into fourths with one piece mising", "a pizza has been cut into four piecces", "A cooked pizza that has some slices missing."]
["A young man holding a plate of food while sitting on a couch", "top shot of a boy sitting on the floor eating pizza", "A seated boy holds a plate of pizza slices.", "A man sitting down with pizza slices on a plate", "A photo looking down at a man with a plate of pizza."]
["A person in a silly shirt sits at a table so they can eat some pizza ", "A person sitting at a table with some food.", "Two plates of pizza are served with waters at a wooden table", "two plates of pizza with someone about to take a slice", "A German guy in a funny shirt eats pizza with friends."]
["a person that is standing up in a tennis court", "A man swinging his racket to hit the ball.", "A tennis player swinging at a tennis ball.", "A tennis player is hitting the tennis ball on the tennis court. ", "A man hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racquet."]
["A man swinging a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A man is seen in motion playing tennis", "an image of a man swinging with his tennis racket", "A man leaps to swing a tennis racket on a court.", "A tennis player aggressively hits at a ball."]
["A man on a tennis court holding a tennis racket in a active pose.", "A tennis player is waiting for the tennis ball", "A man holding a tennis racket on a court", "Tennis player mid play on a clay enclosed court", "A young man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court."]
["A man on a tennis court with his tennis racket poised to hit the ball.", "two men and a woman on a tennis court with a man holding a tennis racket", "Some people standing around on a tennis court.", "A man is holding a tennis racket into the air.", "a tennis player on a court with a racket"]
["two tennis players on the court being watched by spectators ", "a man swinging a tennis racquet on a tennis court", "two people on a tennis court playing tennis.", "A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A man swinging his tennis racquet on a tennis court."]
["A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A young man playing tennis on a tennis court", "A YOUNG MAN PLAYING TENNIS ON A PURPLE COURT.", "A professional tennis player about to serve the ball", "A tennis player getting ready to serve the ball."]
["two couples having pizza and soda at a small resturant", "The couples are enjoying an evening out for soft drinks and pizza.", "A group of people sitting at a table.", "A bunch of people are sharing a pizza.", "A group of people eating pizza at a dining table."]
["A man in orange shirt and headband playing tennis.", "an image of a tennis player returning a serve", "A man dressed in orange enjoying a game of tennis.", "A tennis player extends his racket to hit a ball.", "A man is hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racket."]
["A woman holding a slice of pizza in her right hand.", "A very big girl holding up some food.", "The lady is eating a slice of pizza and drinking pop.", "A large woman is getting ready to take a bite of food.", "A young woman dressed in black eating a piece of pizza."]
["a woman holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court. ", "A woman in red shirt and blue pants playing a game of tennis.", "A woman swinging a tennis racket at a ball.", "A woman with a racquet standing on a tennis court.", "A woman playing tennis, swinging her racquet toward the ball."]
["A street full of confetti and streamers with a building in the background.", "There is alot of trash on the ground outdoors near some buildings.", "A city plaza with confetti and party streamers everywhere.", "A bunch of confetti and streamers on a street.", "Paper and decorative items now litter in the square following the Russian Olympics"]
["A woman is covering her ears as the train passes by.", "A woman next to a train and holding her ears on a foggy train platform.", "The woman stands in the fog next to the train tracks.", "A woman is in the fog next to a bus.", "A woman on the side of train tracks in the fog"]
["A person sitting in front of a desktop computer.", "A person typing something on a keyboard at a computer.", "A person is typing on a computer keyboard.", "A person typing on a keyboard in front of a flat screen monitor.", "Someone's hands on a computer keyboard looking at a screen."]
["A man sitting next to a little girl on a wooden floor.", "A person sitting with a book and a person sitting with a lap top.", "a couple of people sit on the ground while using a laptop ", "A man and little girl that is sitting on the ground.", "Two people sit on the floor, one using a computer and the other reading a book."]
["A couple vases of flowers on a counter next to a bar.", "A clear glass vase holding a spray of pink and white flowers sits on the bar counter. ", "a vase with many flowers on a counter", "Pink and white flowers sit in a vase near the bar.", "There are some flowers arranged in two vases"]
["Looking up at the steel struts in the ceiling of a train station", "The clock has a focal point within the aesthetic architecture of the terminal. ", "A building with a clock, a staircase and a glass ceiling.", "a building that has a clock up in the ceiling", "A very big pretty room with a nice clock in it."]
["A Funeral Home with a clock on the outside.", "a clock on a building over a business sign", "A large clock set into the wall above the front door of a funeral home", "a black and red brick building with a white and black clock and sign", "a clock that is attached onto a brick building"]
["Many people are listening to a lecture on their laptops. ", "A group of people attend a motivational business meeting in an auditorium.", "A conference room full of people using laptop computers.", "a group of people with computers at a seminar", "A bunch of students with laptops inside of a lecture theater of some sort."]
["A kitchen with black stove and white cabinets.", "White kitchen cupboards with grown counter top and black stove.", "a kitchen with a stove and a napkin roll", "A black stove top oven sitting in a kitchen.", "a marble top kitchen counter and a all black stove "]
["A living room filled with leather furniture and man laying on the ground.", "A living room with brown furniture with a guy on floor.", "A man sitting in front of a tv holding his hand up.", "A man is in this living room sitting on his side and holding his hand up with a monitor next to him.", "A living room scene with a person talking on a cell phone."]
["a large clock is hanging up on a wall", "A building with a clock mounted on the front of it", "a big building with a clock on the side of it", "A clock mounted to the side of a wall.", "A large roman numeral clock in a stone building."]
["Gloves, cell phone, lip gloss, a hairbrush and other items are on the table.", "A table with gloves, a cell hone, brush, wallet and lipstick on it. ", "An arrangement of items from a woman's purse including wallet, cell phone, MP3 player, gloves, hairbrush, eyeglasses case and day planner", "there are many different items laid across the table", "Gloves, cell phones, brushes, ties, and ear buds are placed on the floor. "]
["A plate of food that includes, eggs, sausage and tomatoes.", "a close up of a plate of food with eggs and sausage", "a table on which sits a plate of breakfast, and a glass of orange juice", "A plate of breakfast food served at a restaurant.", "a plate of food on dining table next to other plates and saucers."]
["A metallic stove top oven sitting in a kitchen.", "A very messy looking kitchen with some big ovens.", "This run down kitchen needs to be totally redone", "The kitchen is very old and needs to be remodeled.", "A KITCHEN WITH COMMERCIAL SIZE STOVE AND OVEN IS UNDER CONSTRUCTION"]
["View of a small kitchen in an empty apartment", "A nearly empty kitchen with only a refrigerator.", "An empty kitchen and living room decorated in shades of white and black.", "A white refrigerator in the kitchen of an empty apartment.", "This is a white refrigerator in a kitchen."]
["A man and woman  sitting near a table with a lot of food on it.", "A man and woman sitting in front of a table full of food.", "the two people are enjoying the enormous buffet.", "A man and woman in a yellow room near an abundance of food.", "People sitting near a buffet dinner playing on phones."]
["A woman walking on a city sidewalk, talking on a cell phone.", "A woman talking on a cellphone near a road with cars on it.", "A woman walking down a street while wearing a dress.", "A woman walking down the street with a cell phone.", "A woman talking on her cell phone on the sidewalk."]
["A green wallet on top of a folded t-shirt and an assortment of other items on a night stand table. ", "A purse and items from the inside of the purse arranged on a table top.", "An assortment of personal items atop a wooden table.", "A cell phone and wallet laying on a table with various other items.", "The contents of a purse are laid out on top of a dresser."]
["A woman leaning on a building talking on her cell phone ", "A woman on a cell phone leaned against a wall", "A young woman is leaning against the wall and talking on the phone.", "A woman on her cell phone leans against a wall", "A woman wearing jeans leans against a concrete wall. "]
["A cell phone, watch and a pen. ", "A table with a cellphone, watch and pen.", "A smart phone, a watch and a pen on a table.", "a cell phone, black watch and black pen atop a table", "A watch, a phone, and a pen sitting on a table."]
["A COUPLE OF PEOPLE AT A TABLE NEAR A POOL OUTSIDE ON THEIR PHONES", "A group of people sitting around a table playing on their cell phones.", "Three people looking at their cell phones and one person holding a camera. ", "Friends sit around a table outside enjoying their food.", "a few people that are looking at their phones"]
["A huge crowd of young people has girls taking pictures.", "A crowd of Asian children some  taking pictures.", "A group of children in a crowded field taking pictures.", "A large crowd of students milling about with three of them posing for a picture taken by a friend with her phone", "Bunch of children outside taking pictures and talking."]
["A man putting an uncooked turkey in the oven ", "A man bending over to put a raw turkey into the oven. ", "A man is putting a turkey into the oven.", "a man putting a turkey in the oven", "A person putting an uncooked turkey into an oven."]
["a male in a black shirt an oven pots and pans", "A man kneeling on the floor in front of an open stove.", "A person is looking inside an oven at three pieces of meat and a bowl of food that it is cooking.", "A young man checking food inside of an oven.", "A man standing in front of an oven with food baking in it."]
["There is a small cargo boat in this river that is surrounded by buildings ", "A large clock tower on the side of the water.", "Clock tower and official buildings on the other side of the river.", "A barge floating in front of Big Ben.", "A photo taken over a water way with a clock tower in the background."]
["A kitchen that has a stove and refrigerator in it.", "a kitchen with a fridge and oven inside of it ", "a refrigerator some cabinets a stove an oven and a sink", "A kitchen that has been cleaned and has dark cabinetry.", "An old looking kitchen that needs an update."]
["A white refrigerator freezer sitting next to a stove top oven.", "A tea kettle that is sitting on a stove.", "a kitchen with a sink, stove and icebox in it", "An outdated kitchen is in need of a makeover.", "A kitchen that has a brick wall as a background. "]
["Woman in a kitchen with cups and water pitcher.", "a person standing in front of a wooden counter and a mini refrigerator in a kitchen.", "Lab coated person reaching into cabinet for item.", "A person leaning over to look into an opened refrigerator door.", "The woman is searching for something in the fridge. "]
["A picture of a base to a blender. ", "The blending machine is on a cluttered counter without the mixing pitcher.", "A collection of cooking ingredients and items placed near each other.", "A the bottom part of a blender on a counter next to papers. ", "A blender on a table with instructions and supplies surrounding it."]
["A picture of a sleezy man in a blue frame on top of a metal and wood shelf.", "A shelf with several pictures, a clock and some drawers on it.", "The shelves are covered with a lamp, a clock, drawers, and photos.", "Pictures and objects are displayed on a desk.", "Shelves in a dorm room, with knickknacks such as a photograph, a lamp, and a lucky cat figurine."]
["A large clock tower attached to a church next to a rocky mountain.", "An old clock tower made of white stone with bells at the top.", "An old clock tower, by the side of a mountain, gives the time.", "an image of large clock  tower in the monument", "There is an old clock on top of a bell tower"]
["A table topped with plates and containers filled with food.", "A table with plates, silverware, a cell phone, vegetables, meat and a cup on it. ", "A PAN OF MEAT AND VEGETABLES ON A TABLE", "Barbecued meat and vegetables laid out on a counter ready for dinner", "A table with plates and containers of food and electronics on it."]
["A wall clock reading the time eleven twenty.", "The left side of a clock is visible, the time is about 11:20.", "A partial view of a round black clock.", "this clock says that it is at least 11 o' clock.", "A close shot of a clock that reads between 11:20 and 11:23. "]
["there is a white plate with food and a juice on the side", "A plate of food on a green surface.", "A plate is adorned with a milk carton and many other types of food.", "A delicious and nutritious lunch of noodles and vegetables and some juice. ", "A lunch consisting of a salad, macaroni noddles, a roll, an orange, and 1% milk."]
["a plate of food with broccoli beans and milk", "A plate of food on a table that is brown.", "Chicken, broccoli, beans, a pear, baked potato and skim milk on a plate. ", "An dinner of pinto beans, broccoli, a roll, skim milk, an apple, and something unidentifiable.", "A display of healthy food on a plate."]
["Top of a grandfather clock with a mouse perched on top.", "A stylish older clock is portrayed on a white background", "ORNAMENTAL CLOCK WITH ROMAN NUMERALS AND A MOUSE PERCHED ON TOP", "A brown clock has roman numerals on it.", "A image of a black and white clock on the wall "]
["A pole that has a clock on the top of it.", "A clock in front of an Irish flag on a building. ", "this clock also has a flag next to it", "an old clock reading two twenty on a gloomy day", "A clock hanging off the side of a building next to an Italian flag."]
["A clock tower sitting beside a large building.", "A clock tower has red scaffolding, with a brown building in the background.", "A stone building is next to a clock tower.", "A large clock tower sits in front of the building.", "some red metal scaffolding that leads to some clocks on the top "]
["A display of dolls and doll related items.", "A room full of antic toys and dolls with clothing", "A porcelain doll and a Teddy Bear sit amongst other toys and doll dresses.", "A room with an antique dall and doll dresses on top of it.", "Dolls and doll clothes on display on a shelf alongside miniature furnishings and trunks."]
["A large arrangement of teddy bears are on a wall.", "a group of teddy bears stuck on a wall like a decoration", "A wall that has a bunch of stuffed animals on it.", "a brick wall with man teddy bears stuck to it", "A large collection of teddy bears is attached to a brick wall. "]
["A teddy bear with a pillow on the bed", "A very cute teddy bear holding a plaid pillow", "there is a stuffed animal that is holding a pillow in his mouth", "A teddy bear holding a white pillow in it's hands.", "A teddy bear holding a pillow in his hands. "]
["A large clock sits in the middle of a flower bed on a street. ", "A picture of a clock surrounded by flowers in the middle of a sidewalk.", "a pole that has a clock at the top of it", "A large clock with roman numerals standing on a street.", "A clock that stands In  the middle of a small garden on a brick sidewalk. "]
["A group of many statues in red on a table.", "A big display of holiday items some using musical instruments.", "several holiday statuettes of teddy bears, snow covered evergreens, and Santa Clauses.", "Christmas decorations featuring three Santas and bears playing horn instruments", "The Christmas figurines are each playing different instruments."]
["A man standing under a large clock tower next to the ocean.", "a man stands near a clock tower at the end of a dock", "A man looking standing next to a big clock tower. ", "A clock tower built on a dock overlooks an anchorage.  ", "A big clock is at the end of a pier."]
["A building with a large front space with people on it.", "A clock tower above a university stone building.", "people standing around in a yard in front of a big building with a clock tower ", "An old building has a tower with a flag on top and a large green lawn.", "A building near a park during the daytime somewhere."]
["THERE IS A CLOCK THAT IS ON THE SIDE OF THE BUILDING ", "A very pretty fancy clock on the side of a building.", "A clock that is on the side of a building.", "A black  and white clock on the side of a building", "A clock showing 12:12 with two British flags and a queen, on side of brick building against blue sky with clouds."]
["A tall building with a massive golden clock on it's face.", "A building with a big clock standing high into the sky.", "Picture of a clock tower on a blue sky day.", "A clock sits at the top of a tall building. ", "A very tall gray brick building has a tower and a clock on top of it."]
["A clock sitting below Trump Tower in Manhattan.", "a clock that is on the outside of a building", "a clock on a pole on a side walk", "The clock on the pole is next to a tall skyscraper.", "A large clock is sitting outside of Trump Tower. "]
["Large white flowers are in a glass with paper tied around it.", "A vase filled with a yellow flower  on a floor.", "this glass cup has a plant inside of it", "A glass of flowers is shown with a ribbon around it.", "A bunch of white flowers is in a glass vase."]
["These red and yellow flowers are in a white vase", "A vase full of flowers sits next to the window sill ", "the vase is filled with lots of flowers", "Flowers sit in a vase that stands in front of a window.", "A vase with a flower arrangement in front of a window."]
["A vase that has some yellow flowers in it.", "A large glass vase of many small flowers.", "A vase filled with flowers and lemons on a table.", "A vase filled with limes and yellow flowers. ", "a vase with some plants and vegetables in it"]
["Creative centerpiece floral arrangement at an outdoor event", "A wedding centerpiece made of flowers and various other plants", "A vase of flowers sitting on an outdoor table.", "A vase filled with flowers on top of a table.", "A floral arrangement inside a clear cylinder shaped vase."]
["a green plant  is in a glass vase", "A plant inside of a glass vase with water.", "A plant in a vase on a stone stand.", "A glass vase with palm leaves sits on a pedestal.", "a glass vase on a pillar with a green plant"]
["A vase filled with lots of white flowers.", "a close up of a vase with flowers", "A lot of white flowers are in a vase. ", "there are white flowers in a brown vase", "A bunch of white flowers sit in a vase."]
["Close up of desk tools on a black background.", "A group of school supplies on a table.", "A variety of school supplies contrast with the black background.", "A lot of different kinds of office supplies piled together. ", "Office supplies placed on a black cloth next to a ruler."]
["A pink stuffed bear and some wraped presents", "A pink stuffed bear sitting under a Christmas tree with several presents.", "A pink bear sits under a tree near wrapped presents.", "There is a large pink teddy bear under the Christmas tree.", "A pink teddy bear standing next to some presents."]
["three women holding up teddy bears taking a picture", "Three girls hug large teddy bears and pose.", "Several female friends posing with large stuffed animals.", "Several girls are smiling and giving the peace sign to the camera.", "A group of women holding onto large teddy bears"]
["A woman using a blow dryer on a ball of newspaper.", "A person holding a hairdryer next to a ball of paper.", "Someone is holding a hair dryer at a paper mache project.", "A person drying a paper mache ball with a blow dryer.", "Person doing crafts with a hair dryer and newspapers."]
["A small round table with half eaten sandwiches and drinks.", "A man sitting in front of a tray with plates of food.", "A table has many foods and different drinks on it. ", "a bunch of food and some drinks on a table", "Several plates of food on a table with someone eating it."]
["A plate filled with eggs and sausage next to a cappuccino.", "A mug of coffee and a plate of egg and sausage sitting on an espresso machine. ", "A plate of breakfast food on an espresso machine.", "A breakfast of sausage, eggs, and coffee sits by an espresso machine.", "The meal on the plate looks like breakfast."]
["A dark table has a large arrangement of food.", "A black table holding bowls of food that include tofu and seaweed.", "An overhead view of many small food dishes on a table. ", "A variety of food dishes are shown on display.", "A very big dining table with many plates of food."]
["Many different dishes of food on a table.", "A table topped with plates and bowls filled with food.", "Much food sit on a red checkered table cloth", "a person with a jacket sitting at a table filled with food", "This table has a variety of breads, fruits, and vegetables."]
["A table with a random assortment of food on it", "Person sitting at a table with multiple colorful food trays on it. ", "There is a table with plates of food set on it", "A woman is seated a table full of food.", "A table topped with dishes of different types of food."]
["Eggs, orange and vegetables are sitting on a plate.", "The plastic plate has an omelette and a side of asparagus.", "a plate with an omelet, asparagus and an orange slice ", "A plate with a breakfast omelet and a fork. ", "a white plate some asparagus a fork and other food items"]
["Many plates of different foods are on the table.", "A table served with bread and various plates of food", "A variety of food is sitting on the table with a few drinks. ", "Several partially served plates of food sit in the middle of a dining table.", "A table with plates of food sitting on it."]
["A sandwich on top of a wooden table next to a bottle of beer.", "Sandwich in paper on counter with man in background.", "Sandwich sitting on top of a table next to a beer bottle. ", "Sub sandwich appearing as if it was an animal with it's mouth open, on wooden table with beer bottle.", "There is a close up view of a sandwich that is not eaten"]
["A plate with a bowl and food on it. ", "There are fries, chicken, and a salad on the plate. ", "A plate has chicken, french fries and a small salad", "A white plate topped with chicken, fries and coleslaw.", "Grilled chicken, french fries and a salad on a white plate."]
["A little girl standing in front of a stack of items.", "a child at a table sitting next to stacked items.", "A child beside a stack of parmesan cheese containers and a sippy cup.", "A young child claps his hands at the \"sculpture\" he made.", "A little girl is all happy as she sits at the table with her cup sitting on the containers of cheese. "]
["A personal pizza lies on a table next to a glass of wine and a salad.  ", "large mushroom pizza with a salad and red wine", "Pizza with side salad and glass of wine on display on table.", "The meal is sat at the table ready to be eaten", "A pizza with salad and a glass of wine"]
["A photo of beer is cropped next to a photo of food. ", "A split image of a beer and plate of food.", "A beer can and mug are shown with a rib plate.", "A split photo of Kingfish beer and a meat appetizer.", "Some images showing some beer and some food."]
["a row of wine glasses on a wooden table", "There are five glasses of wine sitting on a table along with a pen and paper.", "a number of wine glasses near one another", "Five wine glasses with a small amount of wine in each are lined up in front of a menu on a table with wine bottles in the background.", "A line of wine glasses filled with wine on a wooden table."]
["Some bottles and glasses of wine surrounding entrees.", "some dirty dishes and used wine glasses rest on a table after a party has left. ", "Wine glasses and cake next to bottles of wine on a table.", "A dinner table with bottles of wine and empty wine glasses", "A table filled with bottles of wine and plates of cheese."]
["A man smiles as he raises a goblet to his lips.", "A man is enjoying a glass of wine", "A smiling man at a table has a wine glass.", "A man sitting at a table drinking a glass of wine.", "A man smiles as he sips wine in an outdoor restaurant."]
["a woman seated on a toilet with a magazine", "a woman sitting on a toilet covers her face with a record", "A woman sitting on top of a toilet with he panties down.", "A woman on a toilet holding a Bonnie Tyler album over her face.", "A woman is posing on the toilet with a photo in front of her face."]
["A crowded street in an Asian country is full of people with umbrellas.", "a street in china where a lot of people have umbrellas", "A crowd of people walking down a street holding umbrellas.", "Pedestrians wearing hats and walking with umbrellas on a crowded street", "Crowded market street filled with pedestrians holding umbrellas in the rain "]
["A man sitting on a bench in a room.", "A man sitting in a chair, in a black and white photo.", "A man sitting on a bench in a lobby.", "there is a man wearing a suit sitting on a bench", "a man sitting in a chair on a tiled floor next to a heater"]
["a male and female and she is holding a white umbrella", "there is a boy and a guy sharing a polka dot umbrella", "A couple of young people sanding underneath an umbrella.", "A young girl and boy under a polka dot umbrella.", "Two people are standing under a polka dot umbrella. "]
["A woman in tight pants looking at her cell phone in the rain.", "An individual is caught in the hush of the image.\n", "a girl walking in the rain under an umbrella on her cell phone", "A woman holding up and umbrella and using a cell phone.", "A woman uses a cellphone while walking with an umbrella"]
["Young woman carrying an opened umbrella in a city neighborhood.", "A woman walking while holding up a red umbrella ", "A beautiful young lady walking in the rain while holding an umbrella.", "A woman holding a red umbrella traveling down a sidewalk.", "A young woman is carrying a red umbrella."]
["A group of people and bicycles and an orange sign that reads \"orange.\"", "A large group of people most of which are riding bikes.", "Many people are scattered together near an Orange stand. ", "A group of people walking around a bunch of bikes.", "A busy street has many people walking and biking around."]
["Black and white cat sitting on a man's head in front of a storefront.", "A cat is sitting on top of a man's head.", "A cat is sitting on top of a man's hat.", "The cat is sitting on top of a man's head.", "A man wearing a blue hat with a cat on top of his head."]
["A couple of women standing next to a couple of soldiers.", "A man and woman talk to two men in front of an airplane. ", "Two women greet two pilots in front of a plane.", "Two men in uniform talking to two people near airplanes. ", "Two men in military uniform talking to some women."]
["A woman is unloading a bag in a large kitchen.", "The woman is cooking in the big kitchen.", "A woman works in a very crowded kitchen", "A woman is working in the corner of a kitchen", "A woman standing at a counter in a room."]
["A boy playing a multicolored piano on the street.", "a small boy in a black shirt playing a piano", "a little boy that is  playing a piano ", "A young man sitting in front of a white piano.", "A boy is playing the white piano is black clothes"]
["A kitchen scene looking over the table at the refrigerator.", "A long kitchen table with bottles sitting on the end. ", "A rectangle shaped wooden dining table with chairs on the sides and several items on the table.", "Items are laying on a long table in a narrow kitchen.", "A long wooden table and chairs with a kitchen in the background."]
["A man wearing a white shirt and red tie.", "A man in white shirt and tie in room.", "The man in the tie is ready for an important event.", "A man in a red tie stands with his hands in his pockets.", "A man in a white business shirt wearing a red tie. "]
["A kitchen with a tile floor and a metallic sink.", "a small and tight white tiled home kitchen", "Dim light enters an almost colorless, narrow room, featuring a long metal counter top with a sink and cabinets below it.", "A long hallway kitchen with tile and a stove and sink", "an area with a hotplate a cooler section and a door"]
["A kitchen with a wooden floor and white cabinets.", "A kitchen with a sink, cabinets and windows.", "A kitchen with a hardwood floor with several windows.", "A kitchen with a wooden floor and large picture window.", "A full, organized and modern style kitchen with wood floors."]
["A wooden table sitting under a picture with wooden chairs.", "A room with a very small dining table and chairs.", "\nAn empty table that is set up for dining.", "A table and some chairs in a room.", "There is two laptops on the table and bag on one of the chairs."]
["A group of people sitting around a table in the kitchen.", "A woman waving her hands next to a couple of men in a kitchen.", "three older people sitting in a kitchen with a stove and counters", "A group of people sitting in a kitchen talking with each other.", "A lively woman smiles and holds her hands up next to two men while seated in a kitchen."]
["A large group of people crammed into and on top of a truck.", "A truck full of people driving down a dirt road.", "A blue and white truck stuffed full of people.", "A van with a back on it carrying a lot of passengers.", "Truck that is filled with passengers and passengers on the roof"]
["The shelves above the cabinet have porcelain dishes on them.", "Several shelves that have some glassware on them.", "A bunch of antique kitchen dishes sitting on a table,shelf, and cabinet.", "Pieces of china that are put out for display. ", "A variety of china pieces on shelves and cabinets. "]
["A large water goblet half filled with a liquid.", "The clear drink in the wine glass brings the background into focus.", "A closeup of a wine glass with a kitchen in the background.", "A wine glass set on a counter of a kitchen area with a reflection of the kitchen in the wine glass.", "A glass of wine in a kitchen with a picture window."]
["a man sitting at the end of a counter using a couple of tablets", "A man uses a tablet computer while sitting in a kitchen.", "this is a man sitting in his kitchen", "A man sitting at the kitchen counter looking at a picture.", "A man is sitting at a kitchen counter using a computer."]
["Two men and a woman that are enjoying themselves. ", "A group of people riding skis down the side of a snow covered slope.", "Three people in old fashioned clothes doing cross country skiing.", "Black and white photo of three people on skis", "Two men and a woman cross country ski"]
["Skiers waiting for their turn to make a run on a slope.", "Several people standing on a snowy hill with skis on. ", "Seven people on skis looking at the snow.", "A group of skiers stand at the top of a snowy slope.", "Skiers admiring the view from the top of the mountain"]
["a close up of a bunch of bananas and a container of garlic ", "A bunch of bananas leaning against a container of McCormick's granulated garlic.", "Granulated garlic and bananas are sitting on a counter.", "Bananas and garlic sitting side by side. ", "A close look at a banana and a bottle of garlic."]
["A kitchen with a bag from Whole Foods on the counter. ", "This is a picture of a kitchen with a chrome stove.  ", "A metal stove has a matching hood with a hanger", "A functional kitchen with granite cabinets and white cabinets", "A kitchen with white cabinets and a granite counter top."]
["a oven is built into a counter in a kitchen", "A stove top sitting on top of a kitchen center island.", "A stove is in the middle of the kitchen counter and has an exhaust hood above it. ", "This modern looking kitchen has stainless steel appliances.", "a kitchen with a stove near a counter "]
["An airplane parked in front of a small airport.", "A small plane on a run way with a passenger.", "A man looks at the outside of a small plane.", "People climbing in to a light aircraft at a small airport", "a small plane on an air port run way"]
["a man on a skate board jumps over a motor bike", "a man that is on a skateboard doing a trick", "A man riding a skateboard jumping off a ramp and over a motorcycle.  ", "The person is doing tricks on his skateboard by the yellow motorcycle.", "A person jumping in the air on a skateboard."]
["A girl sitting on a kitchen counter drinking wine.", "A woman is sitting on a counter in a kitchen with a glass of wine.", "A woman sitting on a kitchen counter drinking a glass of wine", "A young women sits on a kitchen counter holding a glass of wine.", "A woman sitting on a counter holding a glass of wine."]
["a big kitchen with an island and track lighting ", "A counter and a table in a room.", "An empty kitchen with empty dark wooden cabinets.", "The contemporary kitchen is full of all the modern appliances.", "A kitchen with a center island and lots of cabinets."]
["the man is sitting with a salad in front of him and smiling. ", "A man by a bowl of food by a pizza and large beer bottle.", "A cheese pizza, a bowl of soup, and a drink are on the table.", "A pizza, salad and beer sit on a colorful table.", "a table filled with a large pizza and a bowl of food "]
["Woman standing behind open refrigerator door in modern kitchen.", "A woman shows off her well organized refrigerator.", "A woman showing off a neatly organized refrigerator.", "A woman is showing how full her refrigerator is .", "A woman is standing in front of the refrigerator door open. "]
["TWO PEOPLE IN A VERY SMALL APARTMENT SIZE KITCHEN", "Two women in a small kitchen near a microwave oven.", "two woman in a small kitchen with white walls", "A pair of women stand together in a small kitchen.", "A woman is standing in the kitchen with another woman."]
["A kitchen has a dining table with a lime green chair.", "Stainless steel appliances coordinate nicely with dated cabinets and a vintage vinyl chair.", "A kitchen with a black refrigerator and lots of wooden cabinets.", "the kitchen has brown cabinets and a silver refrigerator ", "A kitchen with a table in the middle."]
["A fan sitting in the middle of a room next to a sink.", "A kitchen with a fan, stove, and shelves full of items.", "Cubby holes in kitchen area filled with variety of items.", "A kitchen with a stove, cluttered shelves, sink and fan. ", "A kitchen with a disorganized pantry and fan "]
["A white stove with two metal pots on its back burners. ", "Image of an old fashioned gas stovetop and oven, with pots.", "A white stove top oven sitting next to two counter tops.", "A white stove and counter in a room.", "Two pots sit atop an old school oven."]
["A kitchen with a black stove top oven and white cabinets.", "A kitchen containing a microwave, oven and sink.", "A dark kitchen with many cabinets with a small light on above the stove.", "A kitchen is shown with things on the counters.", "A kitchen with black counter tops and white cupboards and draws. "]
["A man that is standing next to a bike.", "a man walking while holding onto a bike ", "A man is seen walking next to his bicycle.", "A person walking beside a bicycle with a boat in the background.", "A man rides hits bike near a body of water"]
["A city bus driving down a road with bikes fixed to it's front.", "A bus with two bicycles mounted on a holder on the front stopped at a bus stop.", "A city bus with bike rack on front going past a bus stop.", "A city bus with bicycles on the rack in front", "Two bicycles are on the front of a bus."]
["Some water that is reflecting a building near it.", "A person riding a bike next to a large body of water.", "some people sitting on a bench some water and buildings", "A person on a bike riding by a building hat a flag on it. ", "A house with a rainbow colored flag on it and a large body of water in front of it."]
["A cat that is by a bicycle wheel.", "A white and striped cat is sitting on the floor next to the bicycle. ", "A couple of cats standing next to a bike tire.", "A very cute cat standing by a bike.", "THERE IS A CAT THAT IS LOOKING AT ANOTHER CAT"]
["A walk in a shower sitting next to a sink under a mirror.", "A small bathroom with a white vanity and a glass shower.", "A white sink and a shower in a room.", "a bathroom with a shower stall and a sink ", "a small white bathroom with a walk in shower"]
["Two toilets in small bathroom stalls with two sinks in a bathroom. ", "A public bathroom with two toilets and two sinks.", "A toilet stall with a curtain near some sinks in a bathroom.", "Why is my first one a blank every time.", "A couple of white toilets sitting inside of stalls."]
["the room has a glass shower as well as a red cross kit", "A white toilet and a shower in a room.", "A toilet that has a red cross over it.", "A medical, clean hospital with white walls. ", "A red cross sitting over a white toilet."]
["Small white toilet sitting next to a small white sink. ", "A small bathroom that is fairly clean in someone's house. ", "A clean bathroom is shown with simple accessories.", "A modest bathroom with toilet and wash basin.", "A bathroom with a single sink vanity and white porcelain toilet."]
["A luxurious bathtub in front of a window with a red carpet and marble walls", "A bathtub next to a window below a antler light.", "this bathroom has a jacuzzi tub and a rug on the floor", "a big bathroom with a very large bath tub", "A bathroom that is empty and not in use."]
["A bathroom with a white toilet sitting under a window.", "A small bathroom has a very tiny shower.", "A bathroom has an open door, toilet, and shower.", "A PICTURE OF A BATHROOM WITH A PLAID SHOWER CURTAIN.", "A bathroom that has a toilet in it."]
["A man riding a bicycle down a sidewalk.", "A man in on an old fashioned big wheel in the front bicycle.", "A man riding on old fashioned bike in the park.", "A man riding an unusual bike along a park path.", "a person riding a bicycle with a large front whel"]
["a walk in shower with a seat next to a white sink.", "An standup shower with towels hanging on a rack outside the shower.", "A bathroom with a clear glass shower stall.", "The corner of a bathroom with a tub and an enclosed glass shower.", "a bath room with a stand up shower and a bath tub"]
["We are looking at a large old bath room.", "A bathroom with tub and toilet, tiled in white tiling.", "A large tile bathroom with toilet and bath tub.", "A bathroom toilet that has a curtain in it.", "This bathroom has tiled walls, floor, and a tiled bathtub. "]
["A young woman is lying on a bathroom floor with her legs on the bathtub. ", "A woman in underwear and boots on the floor of a bathroom", "Woman laying down across her personal bathroom with her feet hanging over the tub.", "A young woman that is barely wearing anything is lieing on the floor.", "woman in bra and cowboy boots lays on the floor of a bathroom"]
["a man sits on a toilet in a bathroom.", "A man sits on a toilet while looking at porn magazines.", "A person sits on the toilet in a bathroom reading a magazine.", "A fat ass sitting on a toilet with lady magazines.  ", "A man is caught holding a dirty magazine while on a toilet near a sink in a restroom, with a second magazine lies on the floor beside him."]
["A white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a counter.", "The electronic toilet is attached to the sink.", "In a small bathroom area there is a toilet and a sink and a toilet paper holder.", "a close up of a toilet a sink and a bath tub", "A very compact modern rest room stocked with supplies."]
["A white toilet in a bathroom next to a white sink.", "An all white bathroom with a modern looking mirror. ", "A modern bathroom with a toilet and pedestal sink.", "a bathroom with a toilet, since and mirror", "A plain bathroom shows a toilet, sink, and trash."]
["A man riding a bike down the middle of a street.", "A man on a bicycle riding past the beach.", "A person riding a bike down a beach road.,", "a guy wearing a helmet red shirt and black pants riding a bike", "a guy riding a bike down the street"]
["a shower door a sink a mirror and an outlet", "A BATHROOM WTH A SHOWER AND A SINK IN IT", "A small bathroom is photographed in black and white", "a bathroom with a sink and a shower and a mirror", "A clean sink with mouthwash and toothbrushes on it."]
["A bathroom with a shower, toilet, and sink.", "The bathroom contains a window, toilet, sink, and bathtub.", "The view of a small bathroom from the door.", "A bathroom with a pedestal sink, toilet and tub with shower.", "Bathroom with pink walls and white toilet and sink"]
["A white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a sink.", "A tiny white toilet in a small bathroom", "A small bathroom with brown tile and a white toilet.", "A bathroom with white color scheme and patterned tile", "A bathroom with a designed floor and toilet in the middle of the wall."]
["Several bicycles lined up against a brick building.", "A brick building has an almost full bike rack out front.", "Bicycles parked on the pavement outside of bricked building.", "There are several bikes parked outside of a building", "A picture of some bicycles that are by building."]
["A man waling his bike along a road with cars.", "An old man is walking his bike past a truck.", "An old man is walking with his bike in hand", "An old man walking with a bicycle next to a truck.", "An elderly man pushing a bicycle near a red truck."]
["A man on a bike rides through the crowd.", "People walking and riding bicycles in a street.", "The man in the yellow dress shirt is riding his bike. ", "A man in yellow shirt riding a bicycle on a street.", "a person riding a bike in a crowd of walking people"]
["The bathroom is clean and ready to use.", "A sink in a small bathroom with tile walls.", "A bathroom with a sink, cabinet and hand mirror.", "A bathroom with tiled walls, a sink and cabinets in it.", "a white sink on top of a white cabinet"]
["A white toilet and some tools in a room.", "A busted up toilet sitting next to a bathroom wall.", "A bathroom area with toilet and tools on it.", "The tile behind the toilet has been taken off.", "a red pole in a white and dirty bathroom"]
["A very roomy modern style rest room nicely decorated.", "A bowl sink in front of a large mirror.", "a bathroom vanity with a bowl sink and large mirror ", "A white-walled bathroom with with a white sink and bathtub.", "This is a large bathroom with a long mirror and a black counter with a white sink"]
["Many people bike through the streets at night.", "a couple of bikers driving down a busy street.", "a bunch of people on bicycles ride on a city street ", "A couple bike riders crossing the street along with the traffic", "some people riding bicycles a bus some cars at night"]
["A view of people riding bicycles and unicycles in the street from a front bus window.", "A view from the inside of a bus with lots of tall building surrounding it.", "People are seen riding bicycles from a bus.", "A view out a bus window of people riding bicycles.", "A bus window that has people on different bikes."]
["A yellow and blue bus driving down a curvy road.", "There is a bike on the front of the bus.", "A transit bus making a turn with bicycle on the front of it.", "a public transit bus on a city street", "A District bus with a bike in front is traveling. "]
["A passenger bus is riding down a highway. ", "A Metro Liner with bicycles on the front going down the street.", "a bus with some bikes on the front rides down a street ", "A long bus driving down a street next to a fence.", "A long metro bus traveling on the road "]
["People are waiting for the bus near a bus stop.", "A crowd of people are waiting to get on a red bus.", "A crowd of people get ready to board a bus in the city.", "Large group of people waiting for a train.", "People are waiting in a city area to board a bus."]
["A white and blue bus passing a street intersection.", "A city bus traveling on a road near a street sign.", "Bus number 535 Bellevue with a bicycle attached to the front.", "An extended bus with bicycle on front rack.", "A bus in front of which a cycle is attached is going on the road"]
["a boy carrying a big bag of food across his shoulders ", "A child is carrying a sack of onions on the street", "A boy carries unions from an outdoor market. ", "A young boy in a black \"Cars\" t-shirt carries a bag of onions slung over his shoulder.", "A boy carries a large bag of onions on his shoulders through the streets of a town."]
["A bathroom with a marble counter under two giant mirrors.", "The large bathroom has two sinks and checkered tile floors.", "The bathroom has red and white tile and red granite counter top.", "A bathroom with checkered tile flooring and walk in shower", "A large bathroom with two sinks, a toilet and shower."]
["A bathroom filled with a white toilet next to a sink.", "A door is opened to a small clean bathroom.", "Doorway shot of a bathroom that includes a toilet and sink.", "This is a picture of a bathroom containing a toilet and a sink.", "This bathroom and counter are very standard for suburban life"]
["A red carpet in a bathroom with white fixtures", "The sun shines through the window on the clean bathroom.", "A bathroom with a red carpet and a heater vent.", "A small bathroom with a sink next to a toilet and a small window.", "A white and red bathroom is shown in this photo."]
["The view through the door of a small, tiled bathroom.", "The bathroom has an open window on the wall. ", "a toilet and a tub in a bathroom", "An entrance view of a three piece bathroom.", "An empty tiled bathroom with a sink, tub and toilet."]
["A woman standing in front of a bathroom mirror next to a sink.", "A man taking a picture of a woman who is looking at a mirror in the bathroom. ", "a woman stands in a bathroom looking at the mirror", "A man taking a picture of a woman in a bathroom mirror.", "A woman in a bathroom while a man takes a picture."]
["A no left turn sign hanging from the side of a wooden pole.", "a sign on the road and many vehicles in a park", "A picture of a street on a busy city street.", "A green traffic light sits near a parking lot and a white building.", "A right turn sign turned upside down on a pole."]
["This bathroom could benefit from a decorating makeover.", "A home bathroom painted blue with a cluttered sink ", "A toilet has a sink directly above it.", "The bathroom contains a toilet, a toilet paper roll, cleaning supplies, and a cupboard.", "A bathroom with a toilet, mirror and light. "]
["Car parked at meter with license plate that says SUPABAAD.", "A Mercedes parked next to a parking meter on a street.", "A black car withe license plate SUPABAAD parked next to a parking meter.", "A mercedez benz car is parked next to a parking meter.", "A black Mercedes read \"Supabaad\" on the licence plate."]
["a large orange cat jumping into a bathroom sink", "an orange cat is standing on a sink", "A cat getting a drink from a faucet that is running.", "An orange cat walking into a wink on a bathroom counter. ", "Cat caught getting into the bathroom sink "]
["A view of inside of a car where a cat is laying down.", "Dark cat lying above dashboard of motor vehicle.", "A black cat laying on the dash of a car.", "a black kitten is laying on the dashboard of a car", "a little black cat sitting on the dashboard of a car"]
["A trash bin with decorative stickers of cars on them on the ground", "a white cup with some cars painted on it", "a trash can that has three cars on it", "a car drives on the side of a mug", "A cup with various cars emblazoned on the side"]
["Two adorable chubby dogs sleeping next to each other.", "Two small, fluffy dogs lazing in the sun", "THERE ARE DOGS SITTING DOWN ON THE COUCH ", "Two fuzzy puppies sleep on a towel next to a window.", "two brown dogs are sitting on a chair"]
["a white bathroom with a toilet and a roll of toilet paper", "This toilet bowl is placed directly at the edge of the bathroom.", "A bathroom contains a toilet and roll of toilet paper. ", "A white toilet sitting in the corner of a small bathroom.", "An open white toilet next to toilet paper in a bathroom"]
["Cars parked at side of road in front of a building at dusk or night.", "A large monumental building with a clock tower.", "A very big building with a tall clock tower on it.", "a big building with some cars parked next to it", "a couple of cars are parked outside a church"]
["A white electronic toilet with the seat open.", "A toilet with button controls positioned on its right side arm.", "A toilet with a dial pad, allowing it to perform different functions", "A toilet with an open lid has a push button equipped arm for use by patrons. ", "A shot of a toilet in an airplane bathroom."]
["A toilet on the outside of a building next to a parking meter.", "A toilet sitting on the street next to a parking machine.", "A toilet is sitting outside on a sidewalk near a building.", "a toilet outdoors near a building and an emergency telephone", "An abandoned toilet sits on the sidewalk next to a parking pay kiosk."]
["A toilet sitting on the ground near a wall.", "A toilet on a sidewalk, next to a parking meter.", "Toilet seat with a raised lid sitting outside.", "A white open toilet bowl sitting on a sidewalk", "A white toilet sits on gray concrete in an outdoor setting."]
["A white toilet sitting below a bathroom window.", "A toilet is in the corner of a clean bathroom.", "A bathroom with a white toilet, a white sink, and a white bath tub", "A toilet and sink by a window in a bathroom. ", "a small view into a bathroom with tiled floor and a toilet"]
["A clock is sitting on the tank of a toilet.", "A toilet with a speedometer on top of it", "An odometer sitting on the back of a toilet.", "A toilet bowl with some kind of a meter on top.", "Closed toilet in corner with a \"boombox\" resting on it."]
["A toilet next to a sink inside of a bathroom.", "A toilet sitting next to a sink, towel, vase and mirror in a bathroom.", "Because there is no visible tank, this toilet is a space saver", "A white toilet and sink in a small bathroom.", "One wall of a bathroom containing a sink and toilet stands uninhabited."]
["a modern flush toilet in a bathroom with tile. ", "A toilet and trashcan in a white bathroom.", "A white toilet sits on a tile floor.", "A toilet in a bathroom that is next to a trash can", "White toilet by built-in shelves in a tiled bathroom."]
["A dog is in a bathroom with chewed toilet paper.  ", "Small dog playing with toilet paper in bathroom.", "Young puppy in bathroom tearing up much toilet paper", "A dog in a bathroom tears up a roll of toilet paper.", "A black dog eating a pile of toilet paper."]
["Two people sitting on a motorcycle that parked on the road.", "A native American couple on a bike pose for a photo.", "A man and a woman are riding a motorcycle.", "A road lined with rock-face shows a man and a woman, both wearing hats, astride a red, white and blue decorated bike. ", "Two people wearing hats riding a motorcycle together."]
["Two people who are sitting on mopeds in the street.", "A few motorcycles sitting parked on the road.", "some people on motorcycles a street cars and buildings", "A couple of people on motor scooters at a traffic light.", "Several people on motorbikes stopped at an intersection."]
["The dark mirror shows a bathroom in it's reflection.", "A tiled bathroom stall with a white toilet bowl", "An open bathroom stale with a white toilet. ", "a bathroom stall with a toilet and a tiled wall", "A bathroom stall with a toilet and the stall door open"]
["Tall building with clock and spire behind white bricked building.", "A clock tower built into a house in an old town.", "A large building with a steeple sitting behind a smaller building.", "a cross is on top of a tall building", "There is a window sticking out of an upper floor with an even taller steeple in the background."]
["The modern made toilet is next to a small bidet.", "A white toilet sitting next to a white bidet.", "A toilet bowl and bidet in a bathroom with tiled floors", "A bathroom with a toiled and a bidet  ", "A toilet and a be day with gold handles."]
["A toilet in a stall with remote control buttons.", "An automatic toilet bowl that can do many functions.", "A toilet  with some kind of remote control.", "A toilet with buttons or a remote control.", "A toilet is equipped with some buttons on a panel at the side."]
["a very small bathroom with a toilet and towel ring", "A bathroom with a toilet and other bathroom accessories", "A nearly all white bathroom with a small window.", "A very narrow bathroom with a toilet under a small window.", "A small bathroom with a toilet, garbage can and a rug in it. "]
["The man is giving the young girl a ride on his motorcycle.", "A man on a Kawasaki motorcycle with a young girl on the back.", "A MAN IS ON A MOTORCYCLE IWTH A GIRL ", "A man and a young girl sitting on a bullet bike.", "Man and child on a Kawasaki motorcycle near an open garage door."]
["A compact bathroom with vessel sink and toilet.", "A small bathroom with a toilet and a sink.", "Installing a vessel sink in a clean tiled bathroom.", "A bathroom with gray tiled floor and walls", "A modern white bathroom with visible plumbing under the sink."]
["A woman walking across a street with two baskets full of items.", "A woman that is holding a stick with two baskets.", "A person on a busy street balancing a pole across his shoulder with a basket hanging from each end of the pole.", "a woman carrying some supplies over her shoulder ", "An asian man carrying items down a busy street with hanging baskets."]
["There is a clock tower with colored embellishment on top", "A clock tower has a lit array on top.", "The clock and bell tower is lit up.", "A clock tower lit up at night  with an array of bells at the top.", "A large clock on the front of  a bell tower.\n"]
["A plate topped with meat, eggs and potatoes.", "a plate with meat, eggs, and some mixed veggies", "The displayed dish includes potatoes and green vegetables.", "A close up of a mixture of food on a plate. ", "Potato's, vegetables, and meat sitting on a plate."]
["Two cats eating food from bowls on a black and white checkered tile floor.", "Two cats eating out of separate bowls on the floor", "Two cats facing each other eating dinner from bowls inside.", "Two cats eating from a plate and a bowl on the floor.", "The two cats are eating from their respective bowls."]
["A man standing outdoors next to a dirt bike and ATV.", "A man standing next to a parked motorcycle on a dessert field.", "a man with heavy clothes standing besides a motorbike", "a man standing next to a motorcycle ", "A man in black standing with his hand on a motorcycle handle."]
["Three buses pulled in front of a bus station loading passengers.", "Several buses wait at a bus terminal to depart.", "Large passenger buses parked at a travel terminal.", "The buses are stopped and waiting for people to board. ", "Several white buses in front of some kind of terminal."]
["A roof with a white air conditioner on top of it.", "a toilet hooked up on top of a roof in an open area", "A toilet hooked up on a rooftop.  ", "A toilet sitting outside with a fan and other items. ", "A toilet is installed on a roof near an air conditioner."]
["The bathroom has two large windows with a ledge.", "Tank less toilet with cabinet in read and window seat.", "Their is a toilet next to an opaque window. ", "A bathroom with a ledge and a toilet with no tank.", "A bathroom is white with a blue, black, and white floor."]
["An office desk holding multiple computers and various supplies.", "An office with both a desktop computer and a laptop computer.", "A busy office desk holds a laptop computer and a desktop computer.", "A cubicle with several computers on desks and sports flags on walls.", "A laptop and desktop on a corner desk."]
["A white table topped with a laptop computer sitting next to a phone.", "A laptop sitting on a table near a telephone, mouse, a couple cellphones and a lamp.", "a laptop computer, a cell phone and a telephone on a table", "A laptop and several other devices are sitting on a small table. ", "A table with a laptop, phone and other electronics on it "]
["A man is standing in a train in a train station.", "a person standing in a train near the doors ", "A group of people riding a white and blue train.", "A man stands near the open train entrance. ", "A bus with its doors open and passengers standing inside."]
["A room with a desk and dresser holding a tv", "The television and computers are left on in the room.", "A large flat screen TV sitting in a room next to a desk.", "There are a lot of electronics in this room.", "an office with two monitors on a desk and tv on the counter"]
["A wooden desk with several computers on the desk, including laptops and computer monitors.", "A desk with two laptops and a computer on it. ", "This desk has a one computer and two laptops on it.", "A wooden table with two laptops and a monitor.", "Two laptops and monitor on a desk in front of another monitor."]
["A brown dog eating food from a dog bowl.", "A dog eating out of a bowl on the ground.", "A puppy eating dog food out of a metal dog bowl.", "A small dog eats food from a big bowl.", "The puppy is eating from a metallic bowl. "]
["A chair and table with two monitor screens", "A corner desk has monitors and peripherals with plants and decor on the window sill.", "A computer screen and keyboard on a desk.", "Corner desk with coffee pot and computer on top in front of window", "The wooden computer desk has two monitors on it."]
["A man riding a red motorcycle next to  buildings in front of a street.", "A latino man riding a red motorcycle down a street.", "A man riding a motorcycle on a dirt road.", "a man is riding a red motorcycle and some buildings", "A man riding a red motorcycle on a dirt road."]
["A cat sitting on the back of a Paso 750.", "There is a cat sitting on the back of a motorcycle.", "A black cat sits on top of a red motor bike.  ", "a black cat is sitting on the back of a bike", "The black cat is sitting on the back of a motorcycle."]
["A woman sitting on a motorcycle while talking to a child with a man laying in a hammock behind them.", "A man lies low on a hammock next to a woman on a motorbike.", "someone sits on a hammock while a lady sits on a motorcycle", "A man reads a paper while swinging in a small hammock. ", "a person laying on a hammock next to a person on a motorcycle"]
["A group of bikers parked in a parking lot under large lights.", "motorcyclists park their motorcycles on the side of a street", "Several bikers are parked around a turn while a crane sits behind them.", "A construction scene with cranes against a blue sky.", "A construction site as can be viewed from the street of a building."]
["A woman riding a motor scooter with a woman on back.", "a girl and a woman are riding on a scooter", "Two women riding a motor scooter as the driver stays focused.", "Two girls ride a moped around other people.", "Two women, one with a black helmet and one with a red helmet sit on a white scooter."]
["A bunch of people gathered together in a very big crowd.", "Many people are riding motorcycles on the crowded street. ", "Motorcycles are good transportation in the local marketplace.", "a crowd of people with some of them sitting on scooters ", "A large group of people are on motorcycles."]
["there is a all black motorcycle that is parked on the street", "A motorcycle parked on a stone cobble road, in the sun.", "An old motorcycle with a side car attached.", "Black motorcycle with a side car in the middle of the street. ", "A black motorcycle with a sidecar parked on cobblestone."]
["Motorcyclists are gathered around their bikes at a rally. ", "A group of bikers standing around next to each other.", "A row of people on motorcycles next to barriers.", "A group of motorcycles are parked together near a street.", "A crowd of people on motorcycles in an empty lot."]
["A man standing next to a parked motorcycle.", "A man is standing next to a parked motorcycle.  ", "The man wearing shoulder and knee pads is posing next to a motorcycle. ", "A man looks at the camera as he stands by a black motorcycle.", "A man standing beside a parked motorcycle in the woods."]
["A man standing next to a motorcycle on the side of a hill.", "A man standing with his motorcycle posing for a photo.", "A biker stands next to his motorcycle on a hill.", "A man posing with a motorcycle on dry terrain.", "There is a man standing next to a motor cycle."]
["A person wearing a helmet is riding a motorcycle on a dirt road. ", "a motorcycle rider in a black jacket dirt and bushes", "a man on a motor bike prepares to do a trick ", "A man jumps a motorcycle into the air on a dirt road.", "The helmeted motorcycle rider is slightly off the ground."]
["A person on a motor bike doing a wheelie jump", "A man riding a dirt bike is airborne after hitting a small jump. ", "Motorcycle rider in the middle of the air while riding a dirt bike. ", "A motocross person performing tricks on a dirt path. ", "A man riding a dirt bike through a desert field."]
["A person is riding his motorcycle on the dirt road.", "A man rides a motorcycle down a dirt road. ", "A bike rider traveling down a road, in the desert.", "this is a red bike on a dirt path", "A person rides an electric bike on a desert trail."]
["A motorcycle that is painted green and parked.", "A motorcycle that is in front of a rail.", "The old lime green motorcycle has seen better days.", "A green motorcycle parked on the side of the street", "An old fashioned motorcycle in lime green parked"]
["The sign on the door says the train is out of service.", "A sign notifying passengers that the train is not in service.", "A sign is posted on the doors of a blue and white train.", "A test train with a not in service sign posted in it's window.", "A train has an out of order sign on it."]
["Some roll down doors  at a building painted with graffiti.", "A black and white photo of a building.", "A garage is full of graffiti at the front ", "Graffiti is written on the walls of a building", "Several garage doors scribbled with graffiti in an urban area."]
["A tv sitting on top of a wooden shelf.", "A bet against a wall with a small TV on a shelf at the foot.", "Sleeping quarters with a small bed and television", "A television and a bed in a small room.", "A small room with a bed and tv on the wall"]
["a laptop sitting in a chair next to a big tv", "Hey movie playing in a living with a laptop on a chair", "A television near a laptop computer on a chair.", "A living room entertainment center with a laptop sitting on a chair.", "The television and the laptop are both on in the room.", "A laptop hooked up to a printer with a monitor on top of it."]
["A view of a traffic street filled with cars and motorcycles. ", "A man riding a motorcycle sitting in front of a truck.", "Two people riding one motorcycle in traffic with a bus.", "A road with cars on it seen out of a front car window", "The street is congested with cars, motorcycles and buses."]
["A airplane that is sitting on a runway.", "A plane is arriving onto an airport runway.", "a large plane is on an airport runway", "a big jumbo plane gets ready for take off ", "An airplane is on the landing strip preparing to take off."]
["A airplane moving on the run way of a air port. ", "A fighter jet sits on display on a tarmac.", "An airplane parked on a runway in the day time.", "a very large airplane parked out on a runway", "A blue and white airplane with nose pointing out on a runway while a person on a bike rides by."]
["one airplane on a landing strip next to a green field", "A jetliner sitting on top of an airport runway.", "a large white plane is on a runway", "An Air Canada airplane is on the airstrip prepared to fly.", "A plane rests on the tarmac at the far end of a field and some buildings."]
["A small blue and yellow plane sits at an airfield.", "a airplane that is parked out on a dirt field", "A small, parked blue airplane with a propeller.", "a plane glides across a small beach run way", "A small engine World War plane sitting in a museum field."]
["a surveillance camera attached to a building with a plane flying in the background", "There is a plane flying beside a tall building", "An upshot view of a street camera with an airplane above it.", "At this angle, the airplane seems to be flying very low.", "An airplane flys above a very tall building."]
["Many small airplanes with propellers parked in a stationary position.", "This is an old photo of many air crafts together", "Series of propeller airplanes lined up at an airport. ", "These military planes are parked in several rows.", "There are many airplanes getting ready to take off of the runway. "]
["a commercial plane is on the airport runway", "A airplane that is sitting on a runway.", "A jetliner sitting on top of a runway.", "a large plane is on a runway by the grass", "A plane sitting parked on the cement near grass."]
["A large jetliner sitting on top of an airport tarmac.", "The front view of a commercial air plane in an airport.", "Worker in orange safety vest standing in front of a parked jet.", "a large plane sits on a runway not flying", "a plane parked on the runway with someone standing in front of it "]
["a giraffe stands looking over a watering hole ", "A tall giraffe is standing in a park.", "A giraffe during a sunny day out on a field.", "A giraffe standing next to a couple of metal objects.", "A giraffe standing by a stall in a field."]
["A cross walk crossing a street with lots of traffic.", "a couple of cars are driving sown a wet street", "some cars traffic lights trees and street lights", "a street with cars zooming down it and street lamps areo on", "Streetlamps glow along a city street beneath a darkened sky."]
["A man is feeding a griaffe off of the stand", "A giraffe sticks its tongue out at an observing man. ", "A giraffe with its tongue out and a man holding something near the giraffe. ", "A man who is looking at a giraffe in an enclosure.", "A man standing next to a giraffe at the zoo. "]
["A group of sheep being herded by a black dog.", "A flock of sheep being herded by a black and white sheep dog.", "A herd of sheep and their sheep dog run in a pasture.", "a black and white dog herding sheep across a field", "A sheep dog herding a flock in the field."]
["A dog chasing several sheep through a pasture.", "A dog herds some sheep away from the trees. ", "A sheepdog tending to his flock of white sheep.", "The sheep dog is herding the sheep and lambs.", "A sheep dog crouches near a flock of white sheep in a grassy area."]
["A giraffe running across a grass covered field.", "A number of giraffe moving about a large grass covered field.", "One giraffe running on the grass with others clustered behind.", "A  large group of giraffes in their enclosure", "Several giraffes trotting and standing in a grassy fenced area."]
["A busy city street filled with traffic at night.", "The traffic has stopped for the traffic lights. ", "A freeway is busy in the late evening.", "An aerial view of a street at night with the cars headlights streaking through.", "Vehicle traffic at night near a large urban area."]
["A plane is flying through a clear sky", "A lone jet is flying above the clouds.", "A airplane flying high up in the sky.", "A plane is flying in a sky with grey clouds.", "A large jet flying through a sky under clouds."]
["Two benches on a sidewalk in front of a urban street and some houses.", "A person waiting on a bench on a street.", "The person is sitting alone on the bench outside.", "two benches one with a person sitting on it", "Two benches in the park next to the road"]
["view of a mountain top and clouds from a very high angle", "a window looking out over snow covered mountains.", "An aerial view of snowy mountains and clouds.", "view of a snow capped mountain from in a plane", "An Aeriel view of mountains from a window. "]
["A collection of various cars stopped at a stop light.", "A white truck with chrome rims siting next to a  tree.", "A truck sitting on the side of a street.", "A silver truck on street next to other vehicles.", "a truck driving on a city street with a traffic light"]
["A white pickup truck waiting at a red light.", "The word Chevrolet appears at the rear of a white truck.", "Chevrolet truck taillights and headlights from oncoming traffic. ", "A view of the back of a pick up truck at night. ", "Bright lights surround a white Chevy pick up truck."]
["a pigeon perched on the arm of a bench", "A pidgin perched on the arm of a park bench.", "A pigeon perched on arm of park bench", "A pigeon perched on a park bench's railing.", "A gray and green bird perches on a park bench."]
["The giraffes walk next to each other down the wilderness trail.", "Two giraffes are on a path near trees.", "Two giraffes walking down a path in a natural space.", "two giraffes are walking down a dirt road and trees", "Two giraffes are walking on a dirt road looking in opposite directions."]
["A tall giraffe standing next to a tree in a field.", "A giraffe walking through tall grass and bushes.", "A tall giraffe walks through the tall brush.", "A giraffe in a grassy area in the woods. ", "A giraffe stands in some grasses near a dead tree."]
["A group of giraffes standing in front of people taking pictures.", "Two giraffes being photographed by tourists at a zoo.", "Two giraffes being photographed at a zoo. ", "Two giraffes are stretching their necks towards the people on the bridge.", "two giraffes standing near a bunch of people with cameras"]
["She didn't expect that there would be this many birds to feed.", "A woman sits on a bench feeding a huge flock of pigeons. ", "The woman sits on a bench around a huge flock of pigeons. ", "A man that is sitting down around a bunch of birds.", "An elder man feeding pigeons on park bench"]
["Center city street lit up by a series of light displays. ", "A roadway with sheets of lights covering portions above the roads.", "A street filled with traffic covered in Christmas lights.", "Canopies of tiny white lights strung between buildings over a busy street.", "an image of a night scene with holiday lights"]
["A close up of the green light on a traffic light", "A green traffic light with traffic passing in the background.", "A stoplight showing a green light in a city.", "A green traffic light on a busy city street.", "A green light on a street with cars and motorcycles."]
["Giraffe relaxes in the shade in the park", "A giraffe stands in the foreground next to bushes. ", "this giraffe has his eyes half closed in the shade", "A giraffe is standing next to some bushes.", "A giraffe standing near several trees in a fenced in area."]
["Several vehicles wait for a toll arm to be raised. ", "A bus behind a vehicle on a road stopped by a gate. ", "Large white and baby blue colored bus sitting on the road.", "Vehicles waiting to pass at a closed gate.", "A gate on a road not allowing people to pass through."]
["a close up of a giraffe drinking water", "A giraffe is leaning down to drink water", "A group of giraffe standing on top of a shore near a river.", "A close-up shot of a giraffe bending over to get a drink of water from a stream.", "A giraffe leaning over with it tongue sticking out to get a drink."]
["A construction crew repairing electrical wires over a busy intersection.", "Construction workers are working up high on city wires.", "A utility truck fixing power lines on the street", "city workers parked in the middle of the road working on the wires ", "Men with a utility truck working on a traffic light in the street."]
["Three giraffe eating greens in a field next to lots of trees.", "A herd of giraffes eating shrubs on a plain with trees in the background.", "four giraffes standing or eating in their natural habitat", "A painting of giraffes eating in the tall grass.", "Giraffes graze on low shrubs under a cloudy sky."]
["Giraffe with large trees grazing in gray sky", "A giraffe walking between tall green trees in the woods.", "A giraffe in a wooded area near tree tops. ", "A giraffe is standing in a group of trees.", "A giraffe standing outside in the middle of trees. "]
["two giraffes and an elk in the brush", "A couple of giraffe standing net to a deer with long horns.", "A pair of giraffe looking into the distance as a deer looks straight ahead.", "Two giraffes tower over the deer in the jungle like setting.", "Two giraffes and a antelope walking through the wilderness"]
["A tall giraffe standing in a lush green park.", "A giraffe standing in the grass with rocks and sticks in front of it and trees and a building in the background.", "A giraffe is hunched and galloping across the grass.", "A giraffe is in an enclosure on the grass.", "A giraffe gallops in the grass behind a rock and some branches."]
["Some people are riding in a coach on a sunny day.", "Couple of people wearing hats while sitting on the bus", "There are people that are sitting on the bus ", "Individuals taking picture and posturing before a Polaroid. \n", "The back of peoples heads, sitting on a bus"]
["A white car is parked in the street at night time. ", "light streaks and a stop and go traffic light", "A night scene of a traffic light in front of a parking lot.", "A picture of the traffic going by at a high speed", "A city street at night with a red traffic light."]
["An image of a car in a side mirror.", "A reflection of a yellow vehicle in a mirror", "A mirror shows a school bus in a parking lot", "A school bus is in the reflection of it's mirror.", "A school bus is in the view of a side mirror on a vehicle. "]
["A large building on the corner of the intersection. ", "A city street lined with large multi story buildings", "A city street view of a big brick building.", "A huge building with businesses and living space and a clock on top.", "A corner shot of an ornate brick building with clock tower. "]
["a country farmland half covered in the shade of a cloud in front of a mountain", "a nice view of a mountain with some green fields in front.", "some clouds making shadows across part of a valley", "A view of a mountain and the surrounding countryside.", "A lush green landscape surrounding a mountain under a cloudy sky."]
["a trio of giraffes running through golden grass", "Group of giraffes in high brown grass looking to feed.", "A group of giraffes roam free on a plain with tall brown grass and green bushes.", "Three giraffes walking outside in tall grasses and brush.", "Three adult giraffe roaming a tall grassy area."]
["A giraffe standing in the middle of a field.", "A giraffe standing on the grass plans in Africa. ", "a giraffe walks through a grass land ", "A young giraffe gazes about in its natural habitat.", "A giraffe approaches a small tree in the field."]
["THERE IS A PAPER DOLL SOMEONE IS HOLDING IN THEIR HAND ", "paper cut out man posing in front of a Michigan bus", "there is a man holing a paper doll in front of a bus", "a person holding a paper but out of a man in front of a blue bus ", "A paper cutout of a man being held up against a Michigan bus"]
["A traffic light sitting above a street with lots of traffic.", "A traffic light over a street with cars.", "a street that has a bunch of cars going down it.", "A stoplight on Lucas with cars, trees and the sunset in view.  ", "A green light at a busy intersection with traffic moving along."]
["A bus stop next to a curvy road surrounded by traffic lights.", "A street with some street lights and lamps", "Empty city street with multiple street signs on it. ", "There is a glass awning over a sidewalk", "a car driving down a quiet road during a sunny day"]
["A man sits on a bench on a blue bench.", "A man sitting on a bench next to a wide beach.", "A glorious sunny day at the beach and a man sitting on a bench taking it all in.", "A man sitting on a bench next to the beach looking out into the ocean.", "A person sitting alone on a bench at the beach."]
["A park bench on the side of a lake.", "A lone bench sits atop a hill looking over the river.", "A wooden bench sitting on top of a sandy beach.", "A bench on a river bank in the countryside", "A wood bench is sitting in front of a river"]
["A large double decker bus driving under traffic lights.", "a double deckered bus driving on a city street", "A brown and yellow buss crossing a street in the rain.", "A recreational vehicle that is driving down a street.", "A big buss travelling through an intersection in a city."]
["Stop light featuring Main Street and a green light", "traffic lights on the road showing the street", "A traffic light sitting below a street light.", "Stop lights hang off of a pole under a street sign that reads \"Main ST\".", "A close up view of a pole with signs and signals."]
["A ram sitting on top of a hill in the day.", "a ram standing on a hill beside a tree", "The ram is standing all alone on the hill outside. ", "A goat with very long horns standing next to a leaf filled tree.", "A very big pretty long horn sheep on a hill."]
["there are many trains that are stopped on the tracks", "People stand among antique buses, automobiles, and streetcars.", "A black and white photo of a bunch of buses and trains.", "A group of men stand near a railroad.", "some mend standing by a trolley car and regular car"]
["A red and yellow bus sits on the back of a flatbed truck, driving down the highway.", "Buses on the back of transport trucks on the highway", "A colorful passenger bus being hauled by a large truck.", "A red bus on a trailer on the road.", "a red and  black bus being towed in by a flatbed"]
["A white fire hydrant sitting next to news paper dispensers at night.", "The corner of a city street at night with a fire hydrant  ", "A white fire hydrant at dusk sitting on a street corner.", "a white fire hydrant is next to some newspaper boxes", "A fire hydrant that is sitting on the sidewalk."]
["A red fire hydrant along the curb at night.", "A red fire hydrant on a sidewalk near the street.", "A red fire hydrant on street next to a building.", "A stylized photo of a fire hydrant on a sidewalk.", "On a dark street a red fire hydrant glows."]
["A transit bus with a motorcycle beside it riding down a street.", "A motorcycle is riding by a bus on the street.", "a city bus carrying passengers and a cycle rider along side it", "A motorcycle that is sitting near a bus.", "A motorcycle rides beside a commuter bus past the steel girders of a construction site."]
["A red and white fire hydrant that is next to parking lot. ", "A fire hydrant sitting in a grassy area near cars.", "a red and white firehydrant sitting in some grass with cars and trees in the background", "A very cute looking red and white fire hydrant.", "A fire hydrant has been overrun with grass. "]
["A woman posing for a pic in front of a mountain, near the water.", "A woman poses for a photo while sitting on a bench by the seaside.", "lady in the jacket is sitting on the concrete bench smiling.", "Woman sitting at a picnic table next to the ocean.", "A woman sitting on a stone bench in front of the beach."]
["A herd of sheep standing below very tall buildings.", "A number of sheep in an arena feeding on something", "A herd of sheep are fenced inside a city park and people are viewing them. ", "People looking at a large group of sheep in a fence in the middle of a city.", "There are sheep in the park for people to see. "]
["A group of sheep sitting next to a tree.", "Sheep lie in the shady grass around a tree. ", "A group of sheep lying in the shade under a tree.", "Three sheep in a grassy area under a tree.", "Three animals rest in the shade of a large tree."]
["The grazing sheep don't notice the truck in the field.", "A truck in a grassy field with sheep nearby.", "a truck that is out in a grassy field", "A truck sitting on top of a lush green field.", "A truck and sheep in a green field."]
["A man laying on top of a wooden bench next to a can of beer.", "A man, fully clothed, is sleeping on a bench outside.\n", "This is a picture of a man laying down on the bench.", "A man sleeping on a public bench on a patio.", "a man wearing a gray shirt is sleeping on a bench"]
["A white city passenger bus traveling down a street surrounded by tall buildings.", "A city bus traveling down the city street", "A bus with a sign on it that says next bus please.", "A city bus travelling on a street in a city.", "A bus that is driving down the road."]
["a woman is out in a field with sheep ", "A person wearing a black jacket looking at sheep on an hill.", "A woman is looking at sheep off in a field", "a woman watching sheep grazing in a green field", "A woman seems to be observing the sheep in the wild. "]
["A bus is seen coming up to a bus stop.", "A bus with a Presto advertisement sits at a bus stop", "a green bus i parked by the curb", "A bus is parked in the middle of the empty lot.", "A large green bus approaching a bus stop."]
["A black and white photo of a camera, on a bench.", "A camera is sitting on a park bench.", "A bench with a camera on it next to brick walkway.", "A camera with a large lense sitting on a bench.", "A black and white photo of a camera on a bench."]
["A white city bus pulling onto a street near a cross walk.", "A city bus driving down the city street", "A city bus, \"via Queens Bl\" making a turn.", "A bus makes a turn on a street in New York City.", "A bus with Queens Bl on the sign makes its way down a city street."]
["a woman standing beside a fire hydrant and posing for the camera ", "a lady in short standing besides a hydrant", "A woman poses next to an iron water hydrant. ", "A young woman standing next to a black fire hydrant.", "A person on a street standing next to a fire hydrant."]
["A fire hydrant sitting in a front yard next to a sign.", "A red and yellow fire hydrant in a grass lawn next to a sidewalk and two street signs attached to a wood post.", "A residential scene of a house with several signs posted on a pole", "A photo of a sidewalk and yard with a fire hydrant and signs.", "A yellow fire hydrant with red end caps next to a sidewalk."]
["A bird is perched on a boat which is anchored in the water. ", "this is a boat docked with a bird sitting on it", "A gull on the edge of a small boat on the water.", "A bird on the edge of a boat in a body of water.", "A seagull sitting on the bow of a boat that's anchored down."]
["A bird that is sitting on top of a tree.", "White bird with wispy feathers on neck and tail.", "A tropical bird with white feathers on a bush.", "A white bird is perched on a twin in the forest.", "Long white and black bird sitting on the branch of a tree. "]
["An animal surrounded by a flock of birds", "Animals grazing on a hill under a massive flock of birds.", "Birds fly overhead while a single livestock grazes in the pasture.", "an animal on a hill with birds flying", "A single cow standing in a field with many birds flying above."]
["a small girl and two giraffes and some trees", "A girl looking at some giraffes in an enclosure.", "A young lady hanging on a pole near two tall giraffes.", "Two brown and white giraffes near a girl in a light blue top", "Two giraffe standing next to each other near a woman."]
["A large gray elephant standing on top of a field.", "One of an elephant's tusks is partially broken off.", "Closeup of an elephant with white tusks and trees in the background.", "Closeup of a mature elephant in a shady park enclosure.", "this is a close up picture of a elephants face "]
["An Asian street scene with many people on the street.", "A busy street with a crowd of people walking by stores.", "A shot of a crowded city street at night.", "A crowd of people walking around at night in the city.", "Lots of people walking on a city street with Chinese stores on both sides of the street."]
["A city street is crowded with people and no cars.", "a crowd of people at an outdoor shopping center in asia", "People walking through what appears to be a mall with many stores.", "A busy city street in an oriental town with many men and women walking.", "A general public walking and shopping at a local shopping district."]
["A crowd of people walking across a cross walk.", "A crowded crosswalk in a city with many store fronts. ", "THERE ARE A LOT OF PEPOLE THAT ARE WALKING IN THE STREET", "There is a large quantity of people crossing the street in the cross walk.", "Many pedestrians are walking across the city street."]
["a blue black and white bus some cars trees and buildings", "A bus is traveling down a city street that does not have much traffic.", "Commuter bus on roadway in large city with traffic.", "A city train going down a city street near tall buildings.", "There is a bus and cars on a street."]
["A gray and black bird sitting next to the ocean.", "A pelican sits lone on a deck at the beach.", "A seagull perched on a roof near the water", "a white bird standing on a wooden structure next to a body of water", "A bird is standing on a plank overlooking the beach."]
["A turkey that is cooking in a large roaster oven on the counter. ", "a raw chicken being cooked in a toaster oven", "there is a white slow cooker cooking a chicken ", "A uncooked whole chicken in a white microwave.", "An uncooked turkey in a small oven ready to cook"]
["A baby with blue shirt carrying a shovel next to two birds.", "A young boy carrying a purple shovel across a sandy beach.", "a little kid with a shovel watches as some birds fly ", "a child on a beach with a shovel", "A young boy dragging a shovel across the beach"]
["A dirt road in the desert next to a blank yellow sign.", "A yellow street sign on the side of the road that is blank.", "This is a picture of a sign in a desert. ", "a yellow street sign standing in the middle of nowhere ", "A blank caution street sign next to a dirt road."]
["A giraffe walking across a lush green field.", "A giraffe stands very near a long legged bird on a grassy area.", "A giraffe walking in a grassy area with a tall bird.", "a number of animals on a field with trees", "A big bird and a giraffe in a big grassy field."]
["A giraffe that is standing up in the grass.", "A giraffe leaning his head down eating grass in the field. ", "a little giraffe at a funny position to eat some grass ", "A giraffe spreads its legs to reach grass on the ground.", "A young giraffe trying to stand on the pasture."]
["Some very cute giraffes in a big grass field.", "Giraffe with group of smaller giraffes stands in grassland", "a number of giraffes running in a field near bushes and trees ", "A group of giraffes in the wild ", "Small group of giraffes in open field in native land."]
["Traffic signal for saying walk on Greene St.", "The crosswalk sign is placed under a street sign.", "View of street signs and an illuminated cross walk sign.", "A colorful walk sign in the city is on a post.", "An Intersection cross walk at Greene Street featuring the 'walk' light"]
["A sign hanging from the side of a building advertising a store.", "buildings with closed windows and a lot of shop signs ", "A sidewalk with a host of business signs on it.", "A city sidewalk with shutters pulled down at businesses.", "THERE IS A STREET SIGN THAT IS ON DISPLAY "]
["a whole lot of signs written in  an asian language", "A street filled with lots of signs and tall buildings.", "a downtown of China with several market signs.", "A variety of signs taken in Chinatown. ", "Hotel and business signs in multiple languages on a busy oriental street"]
["A street sign that reads Bush on the side of a pole.", "These two poles street signs have the names of two U.S. presidents.", "Two street signs and a traffic light - Bush and Obama street.", "A pole with an Obama street sign has had a Bush sign put up.", "The signs feature the name of two different presidents."]
["A traffic sign hung upside down on a pole. ", "A turn right center and left only sign turned upside down.", "an upside down street sign on a pole", "A picture of a street upside down, showing that the street signs with directional arrows was posted upside down.", "An upside down road sign showing three different \"only\" options on where your lane will take you."]
["A grey and white bird in a swampy marsh.", "A stork wades through tall grass in a marsh.", "a close up of a bird in a body of water with grass", "A vulture stands alone next a muddy and flooded field", "A bird with a large beak is standing the the water. "]
["A street sign showing how to drive around a divide", "a sign standing in a fork in the road", "The sign points that the street goes in a certain direction.", "A road with two roads going in different directions", "A street sign on the the center divider between two roads."]
["A sidewalk going past many stores near a street.", "THERE IS AN IMAGE OFA STREET WITH SIGNS ", "a bunch of buildings that have signs on the outsid", "Street signs showing the name and pricing of the parking garage", "a sidewalk with some signs on it beside a parking garage "]
["a woman standing around some tables with a bunch of crabs on them", "a woman water crabs in some white trays and other foods", "a lady with lots of giant crabs cooking them on the drill", "A woman standing at a table filled with red lobsters.", "The open air vendor is selling various kinds of seafood."]
["A red pole with multiple street signs hanging from it's sides.", "The street signs are clearly posted for us to see. ", "The intersection sign with the power lines in the background.  ", "Several signs on a pole in the street.", "Several signs, some on a red pole, are on a street corner."]
["Two birds sitting a cage perched on top of a branch.", "A multi colored bird sitting next to another bird on a branch.", "A pair of colorful parrots perched on a branch.", "A close up of a tropical bird perched on a twig.", "Red, green, and white parrot sitting on a tree branch. "]
["A traffic light over a city street with cars.", "Protesters on corner outside of a church building.", "a church sits on a busy corner street", "A picture of a protest in front of a large church.", "A bunch of cars driving through a busy intersection in front of a church."]
["A cat in a birthday hat is lying on a couch.", "A cat is sitting on a couch and wearing a party hat. ", "A black and white cat laying on a red couch.", "A large black cat with a party hat on is looking at the camera", "Black cat lying on furniture, being annoyed by photographer."]
["A black cat wearing a little party hat.", "A cat wears a tiny top hat with a blanket covering his lower body. ", "A black cat wearing a black top hat.", "A cat with a small hat glares at the camera", "a close up of a hat wearing a small hat"]
["A cat with a tiny hat on top of its head.", "A cat is on wearing a silly top hat. ", "A black and white cat wearing a small hat.", "A cat sits on a couch with a hat on.", "A cat that has a  little hat on his head."]
["A black cat laying on top of the arm of a red chair.", "a black cat is resting on a couch ", "A black cat has a party hat on it's head.", "A black cat wearing a green party hat.", "A cat wearing a party hat, but not very amused."]
["We are at the intersection of Doyers Street and Chatham Square.", "A close-up of the street pole with two street name signs.", "A pole with two green street signs hanging off it's sides.", "Street sign post for the intersection of Doyers Street and Chatham Square.", "two green and white street signs and a pole at night"]
["a couple of buildings grouped together next to some power lines ", "A couple of street signs sitting next to tall buildings.", "A full view of some big buildings in the city.", "a street light some wires and different  colored buildings", "The intersection of a street with some brightly colored buildings in the background."]
["A road sign next to a car in a city", "A car is parked next to some street signs.", "a street sign sits on a corner next to parked cars", "A sign that is in the middle of a sidewalk.", "A pedestrian sign on a bricked side walk"]
["a white and blue bus is by a curb", "Bus next to a bus station being passed by a couple of cars.", "a white and blue tram some cars a street and buildings", "The small train is stopped at the station.", "Train type of vehicle beside a road with some cars beside it."]
["A vintage photo from the 1950's of a small town street lined with parked cars.", "A old picture of a street in a neighborhood", "A group of parked cars along a street.", "The photo is from earlier times and has many classic cars. ", "some cars parked along both sides of the street"]
["A small dog sitting on top of a couch cushion.", "A small dog examines a white object in front of a pile of knit caps.", "a small dog is sitting on a coach", "a dog that is chewing on some hats", "A small dog eating a treat next to a couple of knitted hats."]
["A dog wearing a witches costume standing on a grass field.", "A small brown, black and white dog is attached to a leash as it wears a costume.", "A dog standing up wearing a black pointed hat and a cape.", "A dog on a leash wearing a pet costume.", "A dog on a leash is wearing a wizard costume.  "]
["A green sign sitting on the side of a building.", "a green street sign is pointing towards the right", "These street signs indicate the direction of certain destinations", "Several road signs near a wall written in Italian.", "A couple of foreign language signs near a brick wall."]
["A small dog wearing a pink and purple dress.", "A dog inside a pin wearing a hat.", "a little dog dressed up in pink a a black top hat looks up at the camera", "A close up of a small black and white dog wearing a hat.", "A dog in a basket with a hat on it's head."]
["A bird perched on top of a leaf filled tree.", "The blue bird is on a branch of a tree.", "A bird is perched on top of a branch with many leaves.", "The bird is on the branch with leaves alone ", "A small blue bird is perched on a small limb."]
["People sitting on a train with one person looking up at a mirror and taking a photo of the reflection with a camera.", "A man taking a picture of a mirror on a train.", "A gentleman is taking a picture through a mirror while riding the subway.", "A person taking a photo in a mirror on a mass transit vehicle.", "A man is taking a picture in a mirror. "]
["Some people are riding along in a horse drawn Carriage", "HORSE DRAWN ROYAL CARRIAGE, WITH MILITARY ESCORTS AND TWO PROMINENT LADIES", "A horse and carriage that has two men driving the carriage on a street and two women in hats in the back of the carriage.", "A group of people riding on the back of a horse drawn carriage.", "A horse with a horse drawn carriage going down a road"]
["A street sign with two streets and two block numbers.", "A stop sign with one direction pointing towards Spencer street while the other points to Rainier street.", "A series of green signs posted on the side of a road.", "Green street sign posted on a metal pole ", "There are two street signs showing the names of the roads"]
["A street corner showing University Street, Gerard Schwarz Pl and 3rd Avenue, with a building in the background", "A street corner for University Street and Third. ", "A street pole stating three different street names and numbers.", "A street intersection near high-rise buildings during the daytime.", "Street post showing the intersection of three different streets. "]
["A man holding a bottle and a group of people near an umbrella. ", "Several people standing around an umbrella with drinks.", "some people holding glasses and a tan umbrella", "A group of people standing with drinks in their hand on a sunny day.", "The group of people are outside drinking in the yard. "]
["a close up of a street sign with buildings in the background", "A traffic sign that reads \"wheel control zone.\"", "a street sign on a pole on a sidewalk.", "A traffic sign of some sort at a street corner.", "A wheel control zone sign posted on a sidewalk"]
["A locomotive train driving down railroad tracks by water.", "A distant large long train on a track.", "A train on the tracks in the middle of a grassy area", "a train going past some trees and some grass ", "A train that is going through some grass."]
["A bird perched on top of a leafless tree under a blue sky.", "A small bird sitting on a branch among many tree limbs.", "A bird in a tree with water in the background", "A bird with a yellow head sitting on a tree branch.", "a small bird is perched up in a tree"]
["A group of ducks swimming on top of a lake.", "Three ducks, including two ducklings, paddling on the water.", "a mother duck in the water followed closely by two duckling", "A duck and two ducklings are sitting on the water.", "Ducks in a pond swimming during the day."]
["A red wall is the collection place for a large collection of colorful ties and hats. ", "The colorful ties are arranged next to each other against the red wall.", "L large amount of ties hangs from the wall ", "A wall with a mounted tie rack and hats.", "A bunch of hats and ties hanging on a wall."]
["The baseball player is prominent in all the featured pictures.", "A team's players are beign showcased on a flyer.", "A collage of the baseball game shows many sides of the game.", "A poster has many photos of players for the Nationals baseball team.", "A baseball player pitching a ball on top of a field."]
["A small bird standing on top of a sidewalk.", "A bird sitting near a bunch of weeds and grass", "a bird moving on the path eatin grass besides the road", "A small bird standing next to some weeds.", "A black and white photo of a small bird on a sidewalk."]
["A small bird is sitting on a green plant leave.", "I am unable to see the image above.", "Young bird perching on tall blade of grass", "the small bird is sitting on the side of a leaf", "A small bird sits on a corn plant."]
["A close-up of the streetlamp showing to red street signs.", "The lamp post on the corner of the street is lit up.", "Two red street signs are connected to a lamp post ", "A street corner with two red signs and a lamp.", "Picture of a street lamp at the corner of Recollets and Sainte-Helene."]
["A tray topped with a Micheal Jackson hat and matching glove.", "There is a black hat and white glove with birthday greetings.", "A Michael Jackson birthday set is shown in gems", "The birthday hat has a sparkling glove on it.", "Michael Jackson hat and glove to celebrate a birthday."]
["A cake made to look like a baseball hat.", "A blue cap is kept on bed along with other things.", "A decorated cake and a baseball cap on display on a table.", "Black baseball caps sits on red leather cover. ", "a hat on a table near a cake "]
["A bird that has landed on top of another bird", "a couple of little birds sitting on a cock", "One bird flaps it's wings as it stands atop another bird.", "A bird perched on top of another bird", "Two birds haing sex on top of a roof covered in tile."]
["A mother duck with her ducklings in a pond. ", "Group of baby ducks with adult duck in swampy area", "A large group of birds in the water.", "A brown duck with eight ducklings swimming next to her.", "A mom duck with a big bunch of ducklings swimming down a river."]
["A sign directs people towards four waiting lanes ahead.", "People are walking down a sidewalk in a city.", "A blue sign mounted above a sidewalk near a street.", "A street sign on the corner of a city street.", "A blue street sign that says Four Waiting Lanes Ahead."]
["A crowded street has a number of street signs.", "A pole with a display of signs on an intersection.", "Several signs posted on a pole on a city street.", "A sign with seven directions stands in front of a structure.", "A lot of signposts pointing at different directions."]
["Men standing and one pointing to an object on a street.", "Two men with beards and in black vests and wearing black hats looking at something while a man near them points.", "These gentlemen are looking at something of great interest to them.", "Men dressed in black and white stand in a group of people and one man wears a hat and holds his cell phone.", "The Jewish men are waiting on the street together. "]
["A road sign and traffic lights next to it", "a street sign with trees in the background", "A street sign and a traffic light near some trees.", "A green and white street sign with traffic light and trees in the background.", "Outside picture in a foreign country showing a direction signboard."]
["train pulling up the track while people wait on the sidewalk", "A train is stopped on the tracks to pick up passengers.", "People waiting on a platform for a train pulling into the station.", "a black brown and red trains engine some people and its train cars", "A black and red train engine next to train station."]
["A model train set sitting in front of a brick wall.", "a model train set with a lot of trains on it ", "The model train track has a lot of train cars.", "A number of train tracks all crossing near each other", "A model train set is set up in a room with a brick wall."]
["A toy train track is set up with two trains, houses, and a tractor.", "a model train set on a table with farm scene next to it ", "A train set has multiple tracks and other decorations.", "There is a toy train in a miniature train set.", "a toy train set with grey train tracks "]
["Miniature trains on tracks with miniature person standing in the middle.", "TWO TOY TRAINS SITTING ON A BROWN TRACK.", "Toy trains run parallel on toy tracks on the ground.", "Two toy trains are going down the tracks.", "A miniature town with toy trains running on tracks. "]
["Sign on the side of the road welcoming people to Arizona and another sign warning of road work ahead.", "A highway sign on a rocky slope along side the road.", "A sign is shown at the bottom of a rock.", "A blue, yellow and red street sign next to rocks.", "A sign for the state of Arizona on top of a rocky hillside."]
["A train passing by an empty platform. ", "there is a very long train pulled in to the station", "A long train sitting in a train station under a covering.", "a silver and blue train lights and a station", "A train stopping at the train station at night."]
["A lit street lamp at an intersection with a stop sign.", "A stop sign next to a tree on the street.", "A stop sign and a lit street lamp near a tree on a quiet city street.", "a street sign near a tree behind a street light", "A stop sign next to a tree with little leaves on it"]
["A large black train on a train track. ", "A drab locomotive moves on tracks past several outbuildings.", "A freight train is sitting on a train track.", "The train on this track has specialized compartments.", "A long convey of train cars is parked in a railway station."]
["A yellow and green train pulling out of a tunnel next to a red car.", "A freight train coming out of a train station.", "A car drives past a train that is coming out of a tunnel.", "A yellow and black train car on the tracks, but partially inside a building.", "A train engine is halfway in and halfway out of the warehouse."]
["A large green train traveling past wooden crates.", "A railroad train near crates on a platform", "Wooden crates sit in a parking lot next to a train.", "an image of a train that is next to a bunch of boxes", "wooden boxes sitting on the ground by a train"]
["a large piece of paper on a refrigerator saying stop. ", "An open appliance door has a white sign reading 'stop' attached to it.", "A stop sign and warning is posted on a refrigerator.", "Access to this freezer is limited in some fashion.", "A sign displays \"stop\" on the front of a refrigerator."]
["A large long train on a steel track near a barn.", "A very nice looking train set with some pretty scenery.", "The train is passing behind a maroon building.", "A small house near the railway and plants nearby", "A train set with a train and a red and white barn."]
["A sign hanging on a wall says \"Don't STOP drinking\"", "A stop sign that reads \"Don't STOP drinking\"", "Sign on a wall saying \"Don't Stop Drinking\".", "A \"Don't Stop Drinking\" sign is hung on the wall of a college dorm room. ", "Red and white stop sign stating don't stop drinking."]
["A sign warning drivers that there are children at play.", "Street signs posted on a pole in a neighborhood.", "A red and white sign reading \"Whoa\" and a red a white sign reading \"Caution children at play\".", "Two signs are posted on a tree by the side of a road", "A red sign says Caution Children at Play."]
["Top view of a green train on railroad tracks.", "A train emerging from under a bridge or tunnel. ", "A lone train sits on the train track.", "A train on tracks with many tracks running along side.", "The roof of a green train stopped on the train track."]
["A large long train on a steel track.", "A passenger train is riding down the tracks.", "A public transit train going down the track.", "On June 29, 2013, a train, its last car number 142053, takes a curve to the right.", "A black and yellow train traveling on the tracks"]
["A black and yellow train traveling down train tracks.", "A train sitting in a trainyard near a bridge.", "a switch train  yard and a yellow train on the track ", "Train coming down a rusty train track with scrub grass.", "Train yards are usually not very attractive places."]
["Blue and white passenger train sitting in a storage yard. ", "a passenger train sitting idle on the track", "An old rickety train is coming down the tracks.", "A train sitting on the ground not moving ", "Commuter train moving through residential area over railroad crossing."]
["Train on tracks inside of a brick station. ", "A train that is traveling down some tracks.", "a train that is on and near a bunch of tracks", "A train that is on the tracks inside of a building.", "A train on a rail is passing through a building."]
["A train that is sitting on a track.", "A couple of trains traveling down tracks next to each other.", "Two trains on two different tracks side by side.", "a parked train sits next to a power pole ", "Two passenger rail trains side by side on the tracks"]
["A stop sign with a truck leaving a business establishment.", "A picture of the exterior of Liberty Package. ", "a business with a few trees and a stop sign out front.", "A distorted picture of a store is shown with an island in front of it.", " A boulevard has been pictured by someone driving by"]
["A trolley in a populated downtown area with people.", "a red trolley passes on its wired road.", "A street trolley in the middle of a pedestrian area.", "A red trolly car traveling down a street filled with people.", "A street car going along a track on its own."]
["a stop sign a white and green street sign and some trees", "A stop sign with graffiti on it next to a bunch of palm trees. ", "a stop sign and street signs under some palm trees", "A red stop sign and a street sign under some palm trees", "A stop sign that has some graffiti on it."]
["A yellow train going down the train track. ", "A yellow train traveling past a red and black train.", "THERE IS A TRAIN THAT IS ON THE TRAIN TRACK ", "Two trains parked at an outdoor train depot.", "A yellow train is parked on the tracks at a station."]
["A road sign on top of a stop sign ", "A stop sign at the corner of two streets.", "Stop sign at the corner of Virginia Street.", "A stop sign under a street sign on a corner.", "Altered STOP sign with street signs attached to it. "]
["Bullet holes in a stop sign in a rule area", "A stop sign with dimples in his metal.", "A traffic sign with bullet holes in it near a wooded area.", "A stop sign surrounded by overgrown bushes by a railroad track.", "a stop sign next to some railroad tracks in the woods"]
["a couple of green signs above a red stop sign", "the sign says to stop and river point", "some street signs sitting by a tree ", "A stop sign posted under a corner street sign", "There is a stop sign below the street signs."]
["A mini train about to go through a tunnel.", "the train is moving around the side of a mountain ", "Toy train set running around track of model village. ", "A toy train traveling around some tracks into a tunnel.", "A toy train set rides around a track"]
["A model train on a play set with a track.", "A train traveling down tracks next to a river.", "A train track with city on one side and mountain on the other.", "A detailed model train track set complete with scenery.", "A setup a model village and train set."]
["A large model railroad landscape with trains on it", "A model train with a model mountain and model train station.", "A small model toy train on a track.", "A toy model train set with mountains, tracks and a train.", "A large model train set with mountains and buildings."]
["A train with many cars driving on rail road tracks.", "A long train is standing on a train track.", "A train is coming down the track rapidly.", "A large train moving down the railroad tracks.", "A long train is going down the tracks by phone poles."]
["A train moving on the tracks in treed area.", "A locomotive pulling rail cars behind it on a track.", "A cargo train is travelling on a track", "train engine pulling box cars along tree lined rails", "A train on the tracks going by some trees"]
["numerous signs attached to a post with bald trees behind them", "a metal pole with street signs hanging from it ", "Various street signs such as parking and no parking as well as a stop sign is attached to a telephone pole.", "A stop sign with a sticker that says \"DRIVING\" on it.", "A stop sign with another message than it's true one."]
["A red bench and a person in a train station.", "An empty train station with people waiting around.", "A covered train terminal has many large windows.", "An indoor train station with people walking around.", "A train is parked in a train station as several people walk along a train platform. "]
["A large brown dog laying inside of a car.", "A brown and white dog in the dashboard of a truck.", "A dog sitting in the dash of a vehicle looking out the front window.", "The dog is sitting on the dash of the car.", "A dog is sitting near the front window of a vehicle."]
["A woman looking at her phone next to a car being towed.", "A car being towed away by a man in a red hat", "Man and woman standing by a parked car.", "A woman is having her car towed by a man in a red hat.", "A woman standing next to a black Porsche."]
["A bull dog laying in the shade beneath a truck.", "a dog laying under the shadow of a truck", "A bull dog lies underneath a large white truck.", "Brown and white bulldog in the shade under truck.", "An adorable pug dog laying underneath a big white truck."]
["A tractor trailer on one side of a road and a car travelling behind another car can be seen in the car's mirror. ", "a car side view mirror passing a tractor trailer truck", "A UPS 18-wheeler traveling on the opposite side of the street.", "a mirror outside of a vehicle driving down the street", "Right mirror of a silver colored driving vehicle. "]
["A living room scene with a dog and a cat sleeping on the floor.", "A large tan dog sleeping on a gray carpet in front of a sofa.", "a large dog lays on the floor next to a couch", "A large dog laying on the floor next to a couch and a dark colored cat laying on the floor to the side of the dog.", "Dog and cat lazing on the living room floor"]
["many horses st a horse stable with people walking by", "Horses on the side of the road with people passing by.", "Several saddled horses near people on a road.", "A stable full of horse with their saddles still on.", "Mules and horses tied to a fence near a dusty trail that people travel on daily."]
["A cat is curled up into a ball near some teddy bears", "A cat surfed up asleep on a pink pillow with three little teddy bears", "a cats sleeping curled up in a blanket with stuffed animals around it", "A cat laying next to stuffed teddy bears.", "A cat laying with some stuffed bears in a room."]
["A cow and several people on the sidewalk next to a busy street.", "A cow is standing next to a directional sign while people walk along the sidewalk. ", "Large sized bull grazing over dumped produce in the road.", "A black cow standing by a street sign and people walking by.", "A bony black cow is in on the city street."]
["A cat wearing a bow tie standing on a blue rug.", "A black cat sits on a rug with a red cord.", "An adorable black kitty with a red ribbon around its neck", "A black cat tethered with a red ribbon at home", "A black cat wearing a bow on his kneck"]
["A black cat is sitting on a suitcase looking up.", "A black cat laying on top of a suitcase.", "A black cat sitting on someones black luggage.", "A cat sits on top of a travel bag. ", "A black cat looking up while lying on a suitcase."]
["Some cows are hanging out on the beach.", "Cows are occupying a sandy shore next to the water.", "A group of birds on the shore of a beach.", "A beach sitting next to a blue ocean next to a hill.", "A beach is situated next to a verdant hill."]
["Cows graze between a peaceful river and a farmhouse.", "A village, field, and cows eating by a river.", "Across a river, cows graze on a grassy meadow overlooked by a few houses.", "A river with cows grazing in the distance", "A farm house overlooking a field of animals by a lake."]
["A red and white fire truck driving in a parade.", "A firetruck participating in a parade during a sunny day.", "A fire truck is on a road near people sitting on the side of the road in lawn chairs.", "A fire truck driving down the street in a parade.", "A fire truck makes its way through a crowd of people"]
["A black cat laying next to a box of donuts.", "The cat is inside the house, poised next to the box of chocolate doughnuts.", "A black cat guards what's left of a box of donuts.", "a black cat laying next to a box of donuts", "A black cat sitting next to a box of doughnuts.  "]
["A cat that is standing on a chair and looking at the ground.", "A cat sitting on the edge of a chair looking at something on the floor ", "a cat sitting in a chair leaned up against the wall", "A kitten sits on the edge of a chair and watches something on the floor.", "A kitten stands on a chair and looks over the edge. "]
["A cat laying on top of a blanket on a bed.", "A cat that is laying on a bed ", "a close up of a cat on a bed ", "A cat lying down with head raised on a comforter.", "A cat with a concerned look lying on a bed."]
["A parked truck in a parking lot next to a tree.", "A big truck is parked on the parking lot next to the store. ", "This truck has two yellow ribbons and says Freedom isn 't Free.", "A truck sitting in a parking lot with a patriotic paint job.", "A truck parked in a parking lot near businesses."]
["Blue barrels are on the ground near trucks.", "a couple of trailers are parked next to each other", "Blue and red semi-truck trailers sitting in the dirt. ", "In between two parked truck compartments surrounded by barrels.", "Two old trucks with graffiti sit by blue trash cans."]
["a small kitten is looking in the mirror where you can see its reflection", "The multicolored kitten is looking into a mirror.", "A kitten stands by a reflection of itself.", "Two kitty sitting side by side on the table.", "A kitten that is sitting down looking in a mirror."]
["Two cows and a baby are standing and sitting down.", "Cattle standing and lying on ground in open dirt area.", "There are two adult cows and one baby cow.", "Two adult cows and one baby in a pen moving around.", "a couple of cows are laying in a field"]
["A herd of cattle that are grazing on some grass.", "Cows standing around in a grassy area with trees. ", "The cows are grazing in their pasture surrounded by trees", "a number of cows in a field near trees", "Cows grazing in a field with trees outside."]
["A group of cows have shadows on the grass.", "A group of cows walks on the grass of a field.", "A herd of cattle are standing on grass in a field. ", "some brown black and white cows are coming down a green hill", "There is a group of cows in the field."]
["A black and white cat laying on top of a computer keyboard.", "A black and white cat resting on a computer keyboard.", "A black and white cat lying on a computer keyboard.", "A kitten sitting on a clean table top sleeps", "A cat sitting on a desk with its legs across the keyboard."]
["a cat that i sleeping on a pile of junk", "A cat laying on top of a desk next to a phone.", "a white cat sleeping on  some papers on a table", "a fuzzy gray cat curled up on a desk", "a cat resting on a table with electronics"]
["The cows are looking at the orange laying on the post.", "A couple of cows standing next to a  fence.", "Some very big pretty cows in a big grassy field.", "A couple of cows that are blocked by a fence", "Cows standing behind a fence that has a segment of fruit on it."]
["A woman and a cat sitting in front of a TV.", "A cat looking around sitting beside someone that is watching t.v. ", "A person and a cat are watching tv together. ", "A person watching TV with a cat next to her. ", "A person and a cat are looking at television."]
["a cat that is sitting on a couch next to a remote", "A cat lying on a couch with a remote lying next to it.", "An orange cat laying on top of a couch.", "a brown cat seated on a couch besides two remotes", "A cat lying on a couch asleep by a remote controller."]
["A group of people that are sitting in a boat in the water.", "A family on a boat sailing down a river.", "people on the boat moving on the ocean", "people riding a colorful boat on the lake ", "there is a small speed boat going down the river"]
["A young woman sitting in a field next to a cow.", "A very cute lady crouching by a big cow.", "a lady that is standing  on some grass next to a cow", "A woman kneeling in the grass near a cow.", "A woman poses next to a white cow."]
["A hand reaching out to a brown and white cow. ", "A cow looks up from grazing in a field.", "A an petting the nose of a brown and white cow.", "A hand is reaching out to a brown and white cow's nose.", "The man touches the snout of the brown and white cow "]
["A man lounging in a field where cows are grazing.", "A man sits on a hill beside grazing cows.", "Man on green hillside with cattle behind him.", "A man is sitting in the grass near sheep. ", "A man sitting in a grassy pasture with cattle."]
["A brown and white cow standing in the middle of a gravel path.", "A brown and white cow standing on a green hillside.", "some brown black and white cows on a trail and a grassy hill", "A cow grooms itself on a dirt path", "Cows are walking along a grassy area and sidewalk."]
["A brown cow standing in a lush green field.", "A cow reaching around to lick itself in a field", "A cow in a grassy field by a stone building.", "A cow in a field looking behind itself.", "A cow stands in a green meadow with flowers and a stone house."]
["A grey cat rest next to a laptop with his paw on the keyboard.", "The cat has it's paw on the keyboard as a person is typing. ", "person tying on laptop while cat lays with his leg on it", "A cat with his paw on his owners computer keyboard.", "A cat laying next to a laptop computer that a woman is typing on."]
["A group of horses gathered in a pasture.", "A group of mostly brown and white cows.", " group of cows stand together in a grassy field ", "A group of six steers standing in a field.", "Several tagged cows staring in the same direction."]
["refreshed and unable to see image, have had this problem before", "A kitten laying on top of a laptop computer.", "A grey and white cat lounging atop an open laptop", "A kitten sitting on a laptop that has been placed on a bed.", "A white cat is laying on a laptop computer."]
["A black and white kitten sleeping on the keyboard of a laptop,", "A kitten sleeping on top of an open laptop.", "A black and white kitten is asleep on a keyboard laptop.", "an image of a kitten on a laptop", "A black and white kitten sleeping on an open laptop. "]
["A black and white kitten sitting on top of a laptop computer.", "The kitten is sitting in a laptop computer.", "A black and white kitten stands atop a laptop computer", "A black and white mixed cat on top of a closed HP laptop.", "Kitten sitting on top of a laptop computer"]
["a cat on a keyboard on the ground", "A fat black cat leaning on a keyboard on the floor", "A black cat stands on a gray keyboard that is on the floor.", "A black cat standing on top of a computer keyboard.", "The black cat is standing on a computer keyboard that is on the floor."]
["A group of men who are standing behind a banner that has various flags on it.", "A guy in the middle of a festival.", "A group of men standing behind a large flag banner.", "A man in a crowd smiles into the camera", "a few people that are standing next to each other"]
["Cows grazing in a pasture ringed with trees.", "Polaroid-looking photograph of cows in a green pasture", "some cattle are grazing in a green field and some trees", "A herd of animals grazing on a lush green field.", "The cows are grazing in a field. "]
["A group picture of young men and women at an event at night.", "a group of people that is standing up posing for a picture", "A group of men and women standing together.", "Five people holding wine glasses posing for pictures.  ", "a group of friends are all drinking together"]
["A small boat is going down the river in front of colorful trees.", "A terraced hill in fall colors going down to the water with a boat on it.", "a red blue and yellow boat and some red trees", "Boat on water above trees with fall foliage.", "A series of steep stairs lay next to a lake"]
["a couple of boats are sitting in the water", "A man is repairing a boat by a lake.", "A man painting the bottom of a boat in a harbor.", "A man on the shore painting a boat", "Man painting boat on shore near lake filled with other boats."]
["A man in a suit has a black mark on his hand.", "A man in a suit carefully adjusts his tie.", "a man that has a suit and a tie on", "Adult in suit and tie with markings across back of hands.", "A man straightening his tie with x marks on his hands."]
["A woman holding a plate of food near a grill.", "A woman holding seafood sitting on a boat.", "A food vendor preparing a meal for a customer.", "An Asian woman serving a plate of shrimp.", "A female vendor  on a boat handing out freshly fried fish."]
["a big sail boat in the sea with other boats", "Sail boats and yachts on the water with lighthouse", "Sailing vessels are on a waterway within view of a lighthouse.", "Blue water near a lighthouse with sailboats and a powerboat. ", "a number of small boats in a large body of water"]
["A man in a gray suit and jacket in a white striped shirt.", "A person wearing a dark suit with a red striped shirt and solid red tie.", "A man is wearing a red tie and a red and white shirt", "An orange tie matches the orange stripes of a dress shirt worn with a business suit.", "Close up of a tie on the neck of a man in a suit"]
["A man leans back while riding on an elephant in deep water.", "The man is riding on top of the mysterious sea creature.", "A man sitting on the back of a gray elephant.", "a man sitting on an elephant as it lays in the water ", "A man is sitting on top of an elephant in the water."]
["A herd of elephants crossing river next to trees.", "A herd of adult elephants with two baby elephants crossing a river.", "Several elephants crossing through a small river in the woods.", "A herd of elephants crossing a river at a narrow point.", "A group of elephants walking across a large river."]
["a little boy wearing a tie and a fake mustache", "A young boy, with a mustache wearing a neck tie.", "A very cute boy with a funny fake mustache and tie.", "a kid in a room wearing a tie and beards", "A young boy in a shirt smiles while wearing a tie and fake mustache."]
["A laptop and a cell phone on a table.", "A wooden floor with a laptop, cell phones, and various cords and cables on it", "Various electronics are laid out on a floor.", "a bunch of camera and laptop supplies sitting on a table ", "A table filled with electronics including cell phones, remotes camera parts and a laptop. "]
["An elephant is walking in an open area with a log on the ground behind him.", "an elephant with eyes open roaming around a dirt road", "An elephant stands facing the camera at the zoo.", "An elephant is standing on sandy ground outside in the daytime with trees behind it.", "A large gray elephant walking in the dirt"]
["A man helping another man tie his tie on his suit. ", "A man helping his friend knot his tie outside", "A man adjusting his twin brothers tie in a driveway.", "A man helping another one with his neck tie.", "A man in a suit adjusts the tie of another man while standing in a driveway."]
["A woman with a box of chicken has an umbrella hat.", "A man with an umbrella hat and a box of fried chicken.", "A man wearing an umbrella hat holds a box of KFC.", "an old photo of a man with a sun visor hat holding a box of chicken", "A man with a funny hat and fried chicken."]
["A man holding a camera and a very long neck tie.", "a guy in a suit with a badge, taking a selfie.", "a man in a suite takes a picture with a cell phone ", "A man in a business suit taking a selfie in a mirror.", "A dark picture shows a man in a suit and tie with a device around his neck and a second in his hand. "]
["Some men find a ship wreaked on the beach.", "People are standing near a boat sitting on the sand.", "A boat beached on the beach being worked on by a group of men.", "Three men stand next to an old boat on the beach.", "Few men standing by a boat that is sitting on the sand. "]
["a bunch of elephants walk around a broken tree ", "A couple of elephants are standing in the wild. ", "A couple of elephants are standing together by a tire.", "Two elephants stand next to at cut down tree.", "A group of elephants that are standing in the dirt."]
["An elephant and baby stand next to each other.", "There are some elephants standing in an enclosure", "An adult and baby elephant standing next to a wall of rock.", "two elephants in captivity with trees in the background", "A small young elephant stands under its mother."]
["Mother elephant nurturing her baby at the zoo", "An adult elephant covering over a baby one in a zoo pen.", "An elephant at a zoo shelters a baby.", "A large elephant is protecting a baby. ", "A pair of elephants next to a wall with a log on the ground."]
["A lady holding an umbrella is walking with a lady in the wheel chair. ", "a woman holding an umbrella walks on a sidewalk next to a woman in a wheelchair.", "A woman is holding an umbrella over another in a wheelchair", "A woman walking with a child that is in a wheelchair.", "She is holding the umbrella over the lady in the wheelchair."]
["a couple of guys that are in some suites", "A man fixing the tie of another man who has a smile on his face.", "The man smiles as a companion straightens his tie. ", "Two men in suits, one adjusting the tie of the other.", "a man helping another man fix his tie"]
["Two cats are sitting on a laptop computer.", "A white kitten sitting next to a black kitten on a laptop computer.", "Two cats are sitting on a computer keyboard.", "Two kittens  sitting on a laptop with one in the middle of the key board and one sitting half on the side of the key board and half on the desk.", "Two cats sitting on and next to a laptop."]
["a black and white cat a hand and a laptop", "A black and white kitten sitting on the keyboard of a laptop. ", "a cat is sitting on a white keyboard", "The cat is laying down on the laptop being petted.", "A small black and white kitten sitting on top of a laptop."]
["A man standing next to a woman inside of a building.", "A man is standing next to a woman and telling her something.", "A man and a woman talking inside a building.", "A couple is having a conversation at a gathering", "A man and a woman stand next to each other near an orange plant."]
["a man in a suit talking into a microphone ", "A man wearing a multi-colored tie in suite giving a speech", "A man  standing in a room with a window.", "A man in a suit and tie giving a speech.", "A man wearing a suite and tie in front of a microphone."]
["An elephant in a zoo near a watering hole.", "An elephant walking away from a pool in an exhibit.", "An elephant by a little pool of water", "A fenced in elephant in front of a pond. ", "A elephant walking away from a watering hole in a zoo enclosure."]
["A cat standing on an open oven door peering into the oven.", "A cat sitting on the open oven door", "A house cat sits on an oven door, sniffing the oven racks inside.", "A cat sits on top of the oven door.", "A cat is standing on the oven door while staring into it."]
["A large gray elephant standing on a lush green field.", "An elephant is standing in a grassy field in front of trees.", "An elephant is standing in a field of grass.", "Large, tusked elephant in dry grass under trees", "An elephant standing in a field, in front of trees."]
["A woman standing next to a line of giant elephants.", "A row of elephants are near a woman who has a purse and a surprised look on her face.", "Woman standing next to a line of elephants.", "Long group of elephants walking past a woman in white. ", "A group of elephants are walking together near people."]
["A man takes a selfie in his office.", "A person that is posing for a picture.", "A man in a business suit and tie standing in a waiting lounge.", "A guy smiles while taking a selfie. ", "A smiling man wearing a business suit sits at his desk by the window. "]
["a young man with a turqoise tie is smiling", "A smiling man with dark hair and a beard wearing a dark suit and blue tie. ", "A man wearing a suit and a blue tie ", "A man is dressed in a suit and has a goatee beard.", "A man with a beard wearing a blue neck tie."]
["A woman wearing red top and black skirt holding umbrella", "A large woman holding a red umbrella standing next to a  tram.", "People at a festival and a women shading the sun with an umbrella.", "People waiting in line for a beverage at a beer fest.", "A group of people are standing on the street."]
["A pile of surfboards and kayaks sitting on a storage lot.", "A variety of water sport equipment on a beach.", "A bunch of racks to store kayaks and canoes ", "Large colorful kayaks have been stacked atop each other.", "There are many sailboards and rafts at the beach."]
["there are four aluminum canoes sitting in the water", "a couple of boats are sitting in the water", "A group of boats floating in a body of water.", "Several canoes sit in the water of a lake.", "Canoes and motor boats sit along the water's edge."]
["Businessman with a striped shirt and orange tie.", "A man wearing a tie and a shirt with a bald head.", "A man poses for a photo with an orange neck tie.", "a male in an orange tie and white shirt", "A man staring with an orange tie on. "]
["Man in suit with shirt and tie smiling.", "a close up of a person wearing a suit and tie", "a man with a suit and tie standing by a big window ", "A man in glasses wearing a suit and tie.", "A young man dressed in a suit and a tie smiling at someone."]
["A group of people posing together at a party.", "the woman is standing next to the man wearing a suit holding a glass", "a group of people that are looking into the camera", "these people are enjoying a glass of wine together", "A group of people poses for a picture."]
["A beautiful woman sharing a glass of wine with an older man.", "A man and a woman sitting down with a wine glass.", "A happy couple listening to friends at a wine party", "A man and a woman are seated in front of some wine and liquor bottles.", "A man is sitting while a woman is standing next to him holding a glass of wine."]
["A wooden sail boat with white sails floating on a body of water.", "People are on the water on a sailboat.  ", "The sail boat is out on the open water", "A sail boat with a tall white sail is in the water, and there are two people sitting in the boat.", "Sailboat with a white mast sailing through water. "]
["A woman walking down a road holding an umbrella.", "A woman carrying an umbrella walking down a foot path.", "A person walking down a path with an umbrella over their head.", "A woman with a red umbrella walks down a road through a park.", "A woman walks along a path with her umbrella on an rainy autumn day"]
["A cat sitting on top of a wooden fence near a vase with flowers.", "A calico cat standing on a fence. ", "A cat standing on a piece of wood next to a vase with flowers. ", "A small cat standing on a wood railing next to an arrangement in a vase.", "A cat standing on a fence with a flower pot next to it."]
["A cat is lying on the back of the couch", "a cat that is sitting on a yellow couch", "A cat is relaxing on the back of a plaid couch.", "A cat laying on the back of a chair in a room.", "A cat is laying on the back of a couch."]
["an elephant has face paint on walking around", "an elephant with pain on its face walking on a city street", "A decorated elephant taxi transports people in a village", "The elephant is painted to have flowers on. ", "an elephant has face paint and a carriage on its back"]
["A sandy beach covered in umbrellas near the ocean.", "a number of open umbrellas on a beach", "some sand yellow umbrellas water and some trees", "Lots of umbrellas stand tall in some sand.", "The beach has six open umbrellas on poles."]
["A man riding an elephant through a forest filled with trees.", "A man rides a large elephant that holds a branch.", "a man riding an elephant by some trees ", "a person riding an elephant in a forest.", "A person that is on top of an elephant."]
["Adults walking along with kids, all carrying bags", "A group of people walking on a road, it looks dreary. ", "Group of people carrying belongings on the street", "very many people with kids carrying baggage walking fast", "A family walking down a street carrying luggage "]
["A couple of people standing on top of a sandy beach.", "A couple is standing on the shore of a beach.", "Two people on a beach next to a towel, cooler, and parasol.", "A few people standing and laying on the sand area of a beach and in swimsuits.", "Two people are on the shore of the beach"]
["A beach with sand and umbrellas sitting near the water.", "A bunch of umbrellas that are in the sand.", "a beach that has some umbrellas on the beach", "A beach covered in umbrellas  shows a cloudless sky and sand tracked by beachcombers. ", "Umbrellas by the shore at a sunny beach."]
["Old photograph depicting group of adults outdoors and some luggage.", "A group of people standing next to each other next to a forest.", "A vintage image of a bunch of folks with some luggage.", "Old black and white picture of people dressed in suits.", "Several people in black and white standing together."]
["A bus with two people and luggage by the door", "A woman riding on a bus next to a pile of luggage.", "A person with luggage on a subway or train ", "People have left their luggage and other belongs unattended on the train.", "A commuter bus with travelers and several pieces of luggage."]
["Elephants with long tusks greeting each other with their trunks", "Two elephants facing each other tusk to tusk.", "Two elephants standing next to each other on a field.", "there are two elephants that are embracing in the wild", "two elephants are playing in a green field"]
["A man riding on the back of a boat filled with people.", "A man that is standing up on the back of a boat.", "A man is using a pole to push a small boat with people in it.", "a person is rowing a boat with people inside it", "A man paddling a boat with passengers on a lake."]
["A person in a vest stands next to a boat.", "Girl waving sword in front of boat with cooler ", "A young girl pretending to be a pirate", "A girl with an eye patch is holding a sword.", "A little girl standing next to a boat on a beach."]
["A collection of luggage is in a pile on a green carpet.", "A pile of different pieces of luggage near each other.", "A pile of luggage sitting in a hallway on top of carpet.", "A bunch of luggage bags with tags on the floor", "A suitcase and some bags on the ground."]
["A group of people walking on street with suitcases.", "People with red suitcases walk towards a large building.", "A person with luggage is crossing the busy street.", "Two ladies who are walking with red luggage behind them.", "Two people pulling red suitcases behind them as they walk"]
["A man walking beside a horse with a kid on it next to a dog.", "A man holding a machete beside a boy on a horse.", "a child on a horse and a man with a dog", "A young boy sitting on a horse next to a man and a dog. ", "A man guiding a dog and a child on a horse"]
["A family riding on the back of an elephant across a field.", "A group of people are riding on an elephant", "People riding an elephant near a rising hill.", "Two men are seated on the back of an elephant behind the mahout.", "People ride on top of an elephant next to dirt mountains."]
["A large room with many stacks of suitcases.", "a number of luggage bags piled up on top of each other", "A pile of luggage in a room on top of a floor.", "Several large piles of luggage stack on the ground.", "a bunch of luggage is stacked up in a room"]
["Woman standing in her snow boots with an umbrella. ", "A woman distantly watches her companion on a snow covered day.", "A person holding an umbrella stands in a snowy field.", "A woman in a blue coat and yellow boots holding an umbrella in the snow. ", "A woman in a blue coat with an umbrella looks over a snowy hill."]
["A woman in a dress is standing on a gravel road holding a suitcase.", " There is a woman holding a suitcase.", "A woman in a dress holding a suit case on a secluded road.", "A woman holding a suitcase on a dirt road.", "A woman standing on a dirt road with a piece of luggage."]
["A man walking on a sidewalk while holding an umbrella.", "there is a man walking in the street holding a umbrella", "a person that is walking with a umbrella", "A man covered by an umbrella is walking down a cobblestone sidewalk.", "some one walking with a umbrella over their head. "]
["A man walking down a road holding a black umbrella.", "A person with an umbrella walking down the sidewalk", "A person walking down a sidewalk holding an umbrella and handbag.", "A man with a backpack and umbrella walk down a sidewalk.", "Man walking down the street under a black umbrella."]
["A silver piece of luggage sitting next to a wall.", "A silver luggage suitcase sitting in a room.", "Wheeled, hard sided, metallic looking suitcase labelled \"I-Case\"", "A hardcover suit case with a digital screen.", "A hard suitcase with reinforced edges on the floor"]
["A luggage cart stacked with a very tall pile of luggage.", "some suitcases stacked super high in a buidling", "a stand that has all kinds of boxes on it", "A bag of luggage stacked to the ceiling, in an airport.", "Many books are piled high like a tornado."]
["a person that is skiing through some snow", "A man with a backpack and a puppy inside it while on skis.", "Cross country Skiier treks on snow, as puppy is in bag", "A man on snow skis who has a dog in his back pack.", "A skier standing on a snowy slope with a small puppy in a backpack."]
["a man trying to zip a woman into a suitcase ", "A man stuffing a dead naked womans body into a bag of luggage.", "A woman is zipping another woman into a luggage suitcase.", "there is a woman that is being put in a luggage ", "Woman being fitted into a green suitcase on bed. "]
["A large brown bear standing next to a wire fence.", "A big brown bear standing inside a fenced in area", "a bear that is looking in a car window", "A bear behind a small wire fence from the view of a car.", "A large brown bear is standing very close to a fence."]
["A room filled with a pile of black umbrellas.", "Several open umbrellas are sitting on the floor in a room.", "A pile of opened black umbrellas inside a room. ", "A cluster of black umbrellas sit in the corner of a building.", "a room with a bookshelf and books and many open black umbrellas"]
["many people standing together holding open umbrellas ", "A group of people who are holding umbrellas are watching a musician.", "A crowd of people standing around a large blue state.", "A crowd at an out door concert holding up umbrellas.", "There is a crowd of people holding umbrellas"]
["Three young boys sitting down with some luggage.", "Three boys wear orange shirts as they sit near their luggage and one boy reads a book.", "there are three boys sitting down with their luggage", "Three men sitting on a bench holding black luggage.", "Three boys with red shirts sitting with luggage."]
["A man and a woman sanding on a dirt road while holding an umbrella.", "Two pictures of a couple in a dirt road.", "Dual pictures of a couple with an umbrella holding a sign.", "A man in a black suit and a woman in a black dress with a coat stand under an umbrella holding signs.", "A couple are posing for pictures holding signs."]
["A large white bear laying on top of a bed with pillows.", "Stuffed bear laying face down on pillows on bed", "A stuffed animal sits on top of a bed.", "Large white teddy bear laying fave down on a bed. ", "A teddy bear lying face down on a bed on a pillow."]
["A bookshelf with a bear toy and various books.", "The care bear figure is on the bookshelf next to the books. ", "A line of books on a book shelf with a plastic bear in front of them.", "Books on a shelf with a orange rainbow bright bear.", "a care bear standing in front of a bunch of books "]
["A brown bear walking across a snow covered field.", "A large bear that is walking through the snow.", "A bear treks through a mountain full of snow. ", "a bear walking up the side of snow covered hill towards trees", "A grizzly bear is making is way across an open snowy field."]
["A large tower of different sized and colored luggage. ", "a number of luggage bags piled up to the ceiling ", "A stack of luggage piled all the way up to the ceiling.", "A huge stack of suitcases piled on top of each other to the ceiling.", "A very large pile of different colored suit cases"]
["A man in water waiters sits in a river as he watches a baby bear run by.", "A man wading through water in a river.", "A man wading a river admiring a bear in the distance.", "a man fishing while a cub is on the other side of the bank", "A man standing in a river with a bear cub on the opposite shore."]
["A dog sniffing a plate of bread with figs on it.", "A dog on the table looking at a plate of food. ", "A dog is sniffing at a plate of food on a table.", "A small dog sniffing food very closely and looking very hungry", "A dog that is sitting on a chair that is at a table. "]
["A young child wearing a sweatsuit with a printed skeleton, green swimming goggles and a chef's hat.", "A child dressed in a skeleton Halloween costume.", "A young man wearing a skeleton costume in front of a doorway.", "A child wearing a skeleton outfit and a chef's hat.", "A small child in a Halloween costume wearing glasses and a hat."]
["Bears sitting in the water in a fenced in enclosure.", "Two bears interacting with eachother in a zoo river. ", "A couple of bears at the zoo playing in the water.", "Two brown bears enjoying time in the water", "Two big brown bears playing with one another "]
["The bear likes to swim in the water.", "A brown bear swimming in water near rocks.", "A large brown bear in the water by some rocks.", "A large bear is in the water with it's tongue out. ", "A large brown bear swimming in some water."]
["A brown bear swimming in a body of water.", "A bear in the water sticking its tongue out. ", "A brown bear int he water with his tongue sticking out. ", "A bear sits in water with sunlight shining on him.", "there is a brown bear that is in the water with his tongue out"]
["A polar bear walking over rocks in its enclosure", "A large polar bear sitting on a boulder in a zoo enclosure.", "a polar bear stands on some rocks ", "A polar bear standing on some rocks in a zoo exhibit.", "A polar bear that is standing on top of some rocks."]
["An animal that is in the snow by themselves.", "A polar bear standing on a rock looking out.", "A large white polar bear standing on a stone wall.", "a white polar bear is walking in his pen", "A polar bear standing on the rocks in its enclosure."]
["A polar bear paws over the ground of an enclosure. ", "a polar bear is walking around its cage", "A white polar bear is walking on boulders.", "A polar bear walks over the rocks in his zoo exhibit", "A white polar bear is walking on some rocks."]
["A large black bear standing on top of a large rock.", "A bear standing on its hind legs in its enclosure", "A large bear stands over a white rock.", "Bear with its front paws on a rock staring at the camera.", "A brown bear standing up that almost looks fake."]
["A couple of black bears standing next to two trees.", "Two adult black bears are standing on their hind legs.", "a couple of bears that are standing up", "Two black bears stand on their hind legs.", "A picture of two black bears walking to each other claws up."]
["A brown bear sitting on a bunch of fallen logs", "A black bear sitting on a log in a forest.", "A brown bear sitting on a fallen tree trunk.", "Brown bear in woods sitting on log peacefully.", "A bear sits on a log and looks at the grass."]
["A red frisbee flying past a tree in a park.", "A frisbee is seen flying by a tree in this park.", "A red frisbee stuck in a tree at a park.", "A Frisbee is in the air near a person and a tree.", "A red frisbee has been thrown by a man."]
["Chubby little kid is making a face near a lake", "a child in a field with a frisbee near a tree ", "a child is standing outside in the grass", "A young boy is throwing a frisbee on the grass by a lake and by a tree.", "A boy is playing with a frisbee under the tree next to the water."]
["A wooden bed with a brown dog sleeping on top of it.", "The dog is laying on the brown bed spread.", "a dog sitting on a bed next to a night table.", "A dog curled up on a bed on top of the covers.", "A brown dog laying on a person's bed."]
["A man who is holding a Frisbee in his hand.", "a shirtless male is throwing a white frisbee", "A man tossing a white frisbee while not wearing a shirt.", "A guy with dark glasses playing with a disc.", "A shirtless man with a hat and sunglasses holding a frisbee in one hand and in a stance where he is preparing to throw the frisbee."]
["One hairy dog with sharp teeth riding with his head out the car window.", "The reflection of a dog putting its head out of a car window.", "a reflection in a side view mirror of a dog hanging out the car ", "a white dog with his head out of a car window ", "A white dog is leaning out of the window."]
["a bear walking besides a pool and a tree", "A bear walks around a man made pool", "A bear walks in a zoo enclosure with toys nearby.", "A bear walking around in a zoo exhibit.", "A large bear walking around a zoo enclosure."]
["A zebra standing next to a fountain and a wooden fence.", "a close up of a zebra on a concrete floor near a wooden fence", "Zebra standing in front of wooden fence in front of box", "A zebra taking a drink out of a basin near a  fence.", "A fat zebra standing in front of upright logs."]
["a cat is looking out off an open window", "A dog looking out the open window of an old building", "A dog peers out of the bottom of a window in a multi-story building.", "A dog looks out of a window with peeling paint on the frame.", "A dog that is standing near an open window."]
["A couple of horse, zebra mutants standing in a field of grass surrounded by a crowd.", "A zebra-horse hybrid and a horse are in a field and being watched by spectators.", "An animal that is part horse and part zebra by another horse.", "A zebroid bucking it's hind legs and a small horse standing next to it as people behind a wooden fence watch and take photos.", "A couple of horses arr jumping in a pin"]
["Two horses standing on a lush green field.", "Tourists taking photos of a half-horse half-zebra playing", "two horses run around in a fenced enclosure", "two brown and white horses and some people are watching them", "Two horses are frolicking as spectators take pictures."]
["An exotic horse kicks up its hind legs at another horse.", "A man in a pen with horses with one that looks part zebra ", "a horse kicking another horse in the neck", "A zebra kicks a horse in the neck with its hind legs.", "A horse kicks another horse as a man looks on. "]
["A brown dog standing next to a white rabbit.", "A small brown dog nuzzling a stuffed toy.", "a brown dog is laying with a stuffed animal", "a dog that is next to a stuffed animal", "A dog on a blanket holding a stuffed animal."]
["A zebra standing on top of a grass covered field.", "The zebra is looking directly into the camera lense,", "A front view of a zebra looking at the camera.", "A zebra that is standing in the grass.", "A zebra standing in the grass near trees."]
["A herd of zebra standing on top of a dirt field.", "A group of zebras on the plain some standing", "Zebra rolling in the dirt among its herd. ", "A zebra rolling on the ground next to other zebras.", "A bunch of zebras with some on the ground."]
["A zebra is in a shady tree lined enclosure.", "a zebra walking by a tree in a branch shelter", "A zebra in a dirt and wooded enclosure at a zoo.", "a zebra walking on dirt ground near a wooden sturcture", "A zebra that is walking in an enclosure."]
["A zebra is focused on a photographer to give a face front view.", "A picture of a zebra that is walking in the grass.", "A zebra standing next to a pile of wood.", "Several zebra in a grassy field near a wooded area.", "A couple of zebras stand near a cut tree limb in a grassy field."]
["THERE IS A ZEBRA THAT IS EATING GRASS IN THE YARD", "A zebra in a field with his head down, a fence is in the background", "A zebra grazing in a fenced in area and eating grass.", "A zebra is grazing grass by itself on a sunny day. ", "A zebra stands alone in the grass in an artificial habitat."]
["A zebra walking next to an alligator next to a pile of rocks..", "A zebra walks by an alligator near a watering hole.", "A zebra stands near an alligator in a field", "A zebra walking past a crocodile at a watering hole.", "A zebra walking next to a crocodile near water."]
["Two dogs playing with a disc in the grass.", "Two dogs are tugging on the same Frisbee.", "Two dogs pull at a blue Frisbee with their mouths.", "A pair of dogs playing tug of war over a frisbee.", "Two dogs playing tug of war with a blue frisbee."]
["A herd of zebra standing next to each other.", "Two zebras in an animal park behind a wire fence. ", "Several zebras are standing in a fenced-in enclosure.", "Two zebras in a zoo, behind a wire fence.", "Two zebras standing in zoo display, near public fence."]
["This photo depicts a brown and white dog in the sand.", "A dog with a harness is playing in sand.", "A dog is posing for a photo on the beach. ", "A brown and white dog runs on the beach.", "a pitbull dog running awkwardly on the sandy beach"]
["I dog standing up blocking the camera from taking a picture.", "an image of a dog jumping up at the camera", "The dog is in motion while the picture was taken", "A dog jumping up at the person taking the picture", "A dog umping up on its hind paws."]
["A man sanding next to an orange frisbee.", "Man in black shirt and white pants standing on grass. ", "A bearded man playing Frisbee in a small park", "A man with a frisbee crouches down on a lawn in front of a fence. ", "He is bent over an orange item in the yard."]
["Two zebra standing next to each other near a forest.", "Birds are standing on the backs of two zebras.", "Two zebras and a birds standing under a tree in grassy area.", "A pair birds standing on the backs of a pair of zebras.", "a close up of two zebras with birds on them"]
["Zebras stand amongst bison in a large meadow", "Four zebras standing in a row with wildebeest and zebra behind them. ", "A large open field of grass and trees with various types of wildlife and four zebra standing in the foreground. ", "A group of four zebras are sharing the same field with horses.", "The zebras are beginning to head towards their water source."]
["Two zebra standing next to each other on a  hillside.", "There are two zebras in a rocky plain", "Two zebras are standing near a rock eating.", "There are two zebras eating some hay by rocks.", "Two zebras are grazing side by side near rocks."]
["A horse pulls a carriage through city streets", "A horse is wearing a neon green hat hooked up to a carriage.", "Horse and buggy ride through town at night.", "A horse pulling a carriage is guided through an urban area at night.", "A carriage horse wearing a fluorescent green hat"]
["Man riding a horse in a foreign country.", "A man in an Arabic outfit sitting on a horse on a road.", "A man dressed in white sitting on a brown horse.", "a man riding a horse down the street ", "A person is taken in this very picture.\n"]
["A herd of zebra standing next to each other on a grass covered field.", "There are many zebras standing around in a field", "A bunch of zebras standing in the wilderness.", "A heard of zebras standing in a field of grass.", "Zebra congregation grazing and looking across a plain"]
["Two zebras are standing in an enclosure behind a fence.", "Two zebras standing in the shade inside an enclosure.", "Two Zebras hanging out inside of an enclosure. ", "There are two zebras in a cage at the zoo.", "Two zebras in an enclosure at a zoo"]
["Several horses on a beach near a tent with the ocean in the background.", "People and horses on the beach taking a break.", "A small group of horses are standing on the beach.", "An open tent is set up on a beach and horses are standing by.", "Several horses and a tent are on the beach."]
["A horse drawn carriage parked on the side of a road.", "Two horses are walking a carriage through the streets. ", "Two horses attached to a horse drawn carriage.", "Two horses pull a carriage down a city street.", "Two horses attached to a carriage are parked on the side of a busy street."]
["A zebra lays in front of another zebra", "A zebra stands looking over another sitting zebra.", "One zebra is laying down while another stands alongside in a grassy area.", "Two zebra laying and standing on a lush green field.", "The two zebras rest in the shade, one on the ground."]
["A zebra that is bent over eating grass.", "A zebra standing on a lush green hillside.", "A zebra standing alone chewing on a tree branch.", "Zebra browsing in a sparse wood with little grass.", "The zebra is standing all alone in the field."]
["A zebra grazing on a lush green field.", "A zebra grazes on grass in its habitat.", "Zebras look for anything in the grass to eat.", "A zebra standing with other animals grazing in a pasture.", "A zebra bends over to pick up a stick off of the ground."]
["A herd of zebra walking through a grassy field", "A herd of zebra standing next to a lush green tree.", "a group of zebras standing in front of a tree", "a group of zebras standing on a dirt and grass field ", "A pack of zebras standing in the open near a tree."]
["The young zebra has begun to form his adult stripes. ", "A horse standing in a field that is genetically part zebra.", "A mix of zebra and possibly horse stands in the grass.", "A horse that has multiple colors in the grass.", "A zebra and horse mix standing on a green grass covered field."]
["Two people riding on horses at the beach", "Two men on horses riding on the beach.", "Two people riding two horses on the beach.", "A couple of people riding horses down a beach side.", "two men riding some horses on  the beach"]
["An adult zebra stands with its young in a field.", "A zebra and its baby standing in front of some trees.", "A young and old zebra stand in the dirt.", "An adult and baby zebra standing in a dirt area.", "A little baby zebra standing under its parents chest."]
["Some horses are grazing in a field next to the water.", "horse standing around in the grass while eating it ", "Horses drink water from the ground near a river.", "Several horses grazing in a field with a pond in the foreground.", "The horses are grazing on the grassy field. "]
["A small wooden and brick structure next to a field.", "A couple of horses with carriages at a building.", "Horses and a farmer pulling wagons on a farm.\n", "two horses pulling wagons near a building ", "Several horses and wagons near a white farm house."]
["A donkey walks near the edge of a cliff. ", "A horse stands over a stony ground with mountains in the background.", "A horse by itself on a rocky mountain", "Pony standing at the edge of a mountain cliff.", "A donkey and man on a large, rocky mountain."]
["Two horses graze in a grassy pasture lined with pine trees.", "Two horses grazing in brown grassy field with trees", "A mare and a colt grazing in  a field of wild grass.", "A horse and her baby grazing in a field.", "A brown horse stands near another white horse."]
["A young woman sits on a horse on a dirt road.", "a couple of people that are next to a horse", "A young girl is riding a horse in a vacant field. ", "A woman sitting on top of a horse.", "A woman sitting on a horse being assisted by a man."]
["Brown, white and tan horses grazing in an open field.", "A group of horses of various colors eat in a field.", "A herd of animals standing on top of a grass covered field.", "A group of very large wild horses grazing in a grass land.", "Horses are grazing on grass in a field."]
["A  man in a hat riding a horse", "A man who is riding a speckled horse.", "A man wearing a hat riding a gray and white horse.", "A man is riding a horse in front of several buildings. ", "The man wearing a pink shirt rides a horse."]
["A young child riding on the back of a brown horse.", "A little boy is riding on a horse and he looks back.", "a kid is riding a large horse outside", "A young child is riding a brown horse. ", "A young child riding a horse looking of their shoulder"]
["Two women in english riding outfits on top of horses.", "Guy and woman dressed like professionals riding on horses ", "Two jockeys wearing their uniforms on top of horses.", "Two women on brown horses standing in dirt area net to wood wall.", "Two people each sitting on a horse in a show ring"]
["several horses are standing together on a beach", "Brown and white horses on the beach with the ocean in the background.", "Three horses on the sand at the ocean.", "Four horses and a couple at a beach.", "Some very pretty horses on the beach with people."]
["People are horseback riding as a man is taking a picture.", "A crowd of people gathered around a woman on a horse.", "a lady on a horse and people taking a photo", "A woman riding on the back of a brown horse.", "A woman is riding a horse with several women doing the same."]
["A small horse is standing next to a water trough", "a miniature black and white horse has a snack of hay.", "A horse with long hair stands in a dry field", "A mule sullenly hopes that there is water in the trough", "a brown and white horse is eating some hay"]
["A woman standing next to a group of horses on a field.", "a woman petting her horse in a corral", "A woman stands near two horses behind a wood fence.", "A woman tends to horses on a farm.", "A person is petting one of the horses in the coral."]
["A man driving a horse drawn wagon next to a red bus.", "in London a horse and buggy are not such an odd sight", "A horse pulls a flat bed trailer down a street. ", "A horse on the street hooked to a cart with a man standing by the cart.", "A man is looking on in front of the horse and bug-gee. "]
["A person brushes a tied up horse. ", "A woman with a horse brush in one hand and the other hand on the horse. ", "the woman is grooming her horse while it is hitched up", "A chestnut horse stands bridled in a barn.", "a person and a brown and white horse"]
["A horse drawn carriage traveling down the middle of a road.", "Two farmers riding in a hay wagon being pulled by a horse.", "Two men riding hay bails being pulled by a horse.", "A horse carrying a large load of hay and two people sitting on it. ", "A horse pulling a wagon of hay with two people sitting on top of the hay."]
["horses grazing on a lush green field surrounded by trees.", "Some horses in the middle of a field ", "There are some horses grazing on grass in a pen", "Four horses grazing in different stables some wearing blankets.", "Horses grazing in a fenced pasture, some wearing blankets."]
["Two horses standing near a tree in a large field.", "two horses are grazing in a large field", "An open green pasture holding two horses and sparse trees.", "Two horses standing on lush green grass with trees.", "two brown and white horses are standing in a green field"]
["A group of people near some people riding horses.", "The men and woman watch the three horses racing.", "A group of people watch other people race horses.", "Four people watching 3 other people race horses", "Men on horses racing each other while people watch. "]
["Two horse drawn wagons in a dusty field.", "A person on a cart behind a horse.", "Pair of animals pulling wagons outside on the plains. ", "A couple of people riding horse drawn carriage through the desert.", "a horse and buggy walking around in a field"]
["The green and yellow train is rounding the bend of a track.", "A green and yellow train going up an incline in the snow.", "A train is traveling on the railroad next to the snow. ", "A train coming out of an enclosure under a snowy mountain.", "there is a train coming up the tracks"]
["A pile of wooden boxes filled with fruits and vegetables.", "An assortment of fruit in buckets for sale in a shop. ", "An outdoor fruit stand with various types of fruits for sale. ", "A display of crates of fruit on a city street ", "there are many crates filled with fruits and vegetable "]
["two bananas sitting on top of a table next to a white bowl.", "Some sliced bananas are in a white design bowl.", "A bowl with chopped up bananas on a table", "Small round dining table with bowl a mug and some fruit on the table.", "Cut and uncut bananas sitting on a table."]
["A view of a bedroom with a very nice setup.", "There is a bed, a fireplace and chairs in a bedroom.", "A bedroom with a fireplace, bed, armchairs, and window blinds.", "A bedroom with a large bed and a fireplace. ", "This bedroom features a plump bed and a large window."]
["A person skiing and somersaulting on snow clad mountains.", "A person on some skis in the snow.", "A person doing a flip on skis in the snow.", "A person in mid-flip while skiing in the snowy mountains.", "A man is skiing in the snowy mountains."]
["A professional baseball player getting ready to throw the ball", "A pitcher preparing to throw a base ball.", "A baseball player throwing a baseball during a game.", "a pitcher on the mound getting ready to throw a ball.", "Colorado Rockies' pitcher about to release ball from mound."]
["A young boy bending over holding a catchers mitt.", "Young boy in a baseball uniform ready for the pitch.", "A boy in a baseball hat stands in a dirt area with his baseball glove on.", "A boy holding a glove while on a baseball field.", "young boy playing baseball and holding a baseball glove"]
["A boy on a field with a baseball glove.", "A boy in black shirt with baseball mitt on field.", "A kid holding his mite playing baseball in the field.", "A young baseball player stands ready with his mitt.", "Young boy in baseball uniform covering the infield."]
["Young men playing a game of base ball", "A group of baseball player standing on top of a field.", "Baseball players and an umpire stand on the playing field.", "A young baseball team playing a game on the field.", "A group of athletes are performing in a sport field."]
["Cross-country skiers are getting their workout for the day.", "Cross country skiing looks easy and fun, especially when friends are along.", "Cross country skiers are moving along women first then men.", "A group of four skiers are getting ready to embark.", "a group of people riding skis on a snowy surface"]
["a vase filled with yellow flowers on a table", "A vase filled with flowers sitting on a table beside mini decorations.", "A glass vase filled with water and lots of flowers.", "a vase with fall color flowers, a turkey and a orange decoration ", "A big pretty vase with some very pretty flowers."]
["An orange sits on top of two limes which are all in a ruffled bowl.", "A blue fruit bowl with apples, oranges and limes in it", "A blue bowl with an orange lime and apple grouped in it.", "There is now image here to provide a caption for.", "An orange is resting on top of two limes in a dish."]
["A white cake decorated with flowers containing a slice of cake and a fork. ", "A white plate with a fork and a piece of cake.", "Half eaten berry filled dessert on a white plate. ", "A desert and a fork lay on a white plate with tiny flowers.", "A piece of cake on a plate by a fork, is ready to be finished. "]
["Oranges in baskets an drags on a cloth-covered table.", "an image of  a group of oranges in the basket", "A woman with a bag sampling oranges from a basket.", "The net sacks on the table are full of oranges and nectarines.", "A lady lady selecting the freshest fruit she can purchase."]
["A baseball player hugging another player as lovers do.", "Baseball players are fighting with another player from another team.", "A group of men in baseball outfits fighting. ", "Three men in baseball uniforms are fighting with a crowd behind them.", "Several baseball players in an altercation with one head locking the other,"]
["A bunch of different fruits and vegetables such as garlic, tomotates, red peppers, and bannanas ", "Assortment of different vegetables and fruits sitting next to each other. ", "A large amount of produce set on a table.", "A group of peppers bananas tomatoes and garlic on a table", "A group of fruits and vegetables sit on the table."]
["A group of people who are serving a cake.", "this is a child cutting up a cake", "a man and a woman are cutting up cake", "People standing at a table near a cake.", "Two children and two adults are in front of cake on a table."]
["A collection of fruits and vegetables sits on the table.", "A pile of vegetables lemons and chili peppers on a counter.", "A lime, chill peppers, bananas and a green bell pepper on a table.", "showing lemon, red pepper, zucchini, ginger, and yellow squash", "a group of different kinds of vegetables on a table."]
["A sweet potato cut in half next to a banana.", "A banana with granola on a white plate", "The plate has fruits and nuts covering it.", "A healthy plate of food includes a banana and granola.", "Banana sitting on a white plate with mixed nuts next to it. "]
["A white plate with pizza, chicken wings, an egg role, and ranch dressing.", "Pizza and appetizers with creamy ranch style dressing.", "Pizza and appetizers with a side of ranch dipping sauce.", "A dish of pasta with white cream sauce and tomatoes. ", "Pizza chicken wings and egg rolls with ranch dressing."]
["A baseball player holding a bat standing next to home plate.", "there is a male baseball player that has swung for the ball", "A man swinging a baseball bat on a field.", "A baseball player is swinging his bat at a baseball. ", "A baseball player finishes his swing as fans look on. "]
["Leftover deserts line a very long plate. ", "An assortment of cookies displayed on a white rectangle plate.", "A white plate topped with lots of different snacks.", "A plate sitting on the table with cookies and other snacks. ", "The long plate has cookies, fruit, and chocolate on it."]
["a baseball player is a bat during a game", "Fans are watching a baseball game on an outdoor field.", "A baseball player taking a swing at a ball", "A man standing at home plate getting ready to swing a bat", "Men are playing baseball while a crowd watches."]
["A baseball player waits for a pitch while an umpire looks on.", "A group of baseball players playing a game of baseball.", "A batter is practicing while his teammate is at the plate.", "A kid playing baseball at the ball park trying to get on base.", "One batter is up and another batter iswaiting his turn."]
["A stir-fry vegetable dish arranged in a bowl.", "A bowl full of tofu and an assortment of vegetables\n", "A food bowl with vegetable and chicken salad.", "a bowl of food with vegetables on a table ", "a plate with broccoli tofu and other various vegetables"]
["A baseball player swinging at a pitch with the catcher behind him waiting for the ball.", "A baseball player about to swing at the ball and the catcher behind him ready to catch", "A baseball player swinging his bat in front of the umpire. ", "A baseball player swinging at a ball during a game", "Professional baseball player swinging a bat at a ball during a game."]
["A boy throws a pitch in a baseball game.", "The young baseball player is attempting a pitch.", "A kid throwing a baseball at a little league game", "little league baseball player throwing a baseball from the mound", "A little boy dressed as a baseball player throwing a baseball."]
["A baseball player throwing a baseball on a field.", "The young baseball player is throwing on the field with his team members in their positions.", "an image of a pitcher throwing a ball", "A boy playing baseball that is throwing a pitch.", "A kid wearing a Georgetown Day Shirt has a baseball glove in his hand."]
["A batter holds his bat up in front of the catcher and umpire during a baseball game with full stands.", "Fans avidly watching all of the professional baseball action", "Batter ready to hit ball with catcher and umpire behind plate.", "a baseball player holding a bat in a batters box", "A baseball player getting ready to bat while a catcher and umpire wait behind him and people watch from the stands."]
["Four baseball players pitching balls in the middle of a baseball field.", "a picture showing a baseball pitcher throwing a pitch", "4 different poses of a man throwing a baseball. ", "A slow motion picture of a pitcher pitching a game", "A pitcher is throwing a ball on a baseball field."]
["A pitcher winding up to throw a pitch in a San Francisco uniform.", "This ballplayer is putting his whole body into that pitch.", "A young man pitching a baseball while standing on a  field.", "A professional baseball pitcher pulls his arm back to throw the ball", "An MLB pitcher for San Francisco is pitching."]
["A snowy slope and tree line with one person skiing down.", "A lone skier is skiing down a path.", "A person skis down a snowy large hill.", "A man is skiing on top of the mountains", "A man skiing downhill through a snowy forest."]
["A batter that is watching the ball go past them to the catcher. ", "A young boy watches a pitch go by in a little league game", "A pitch being thrown in a little league game", "A baseball player standing next to home plate.", "Little league baseball player at the plate with catcher catching the ball"]
["A man sliding to the plate at a baseball game.", "A baseball player slides into the base, as the opposing team waits for the ball.", "A man diving to a baseball bag on a field.", "Player diving back to first base during a baseball game", "A baseball player that is sliding to a base."]
["A young man kneeling on top of a lush green field.", "A young child waits for a baseball to be thrown in an empty field.", "A boy in a baseball field wearing a black and white uniform. ", "A little boy in the grass with a glove.", "a little boy standing down in a grassy field with a glove"]
["A young boy standing next to a pile of green things.", "A kid standing in the dirt with some fruit.", "A small native boy standing in dirt in front of a wood shack.", "A cute small boy smiling by some big stacks of fresh fruit.", "A boy standing amongst stacks of watermelons and bananas."]
["A couple of men standing on top of a field.", "Two baseball players on a field playing a game. ", "Baseball player on base and catcher ready to catch a ball.", "a baseman ready to catch the ball and a runner ready to run to the next base", "A baseball player gauging whether to steal second base."]
["A boy does tricks on a scooter. ", "The young man is doing a trick on his scooter.", "A man jumping a scooter in front of an open garage.", "A man is performing a scooter jump outside a garage.", "A person on a scooter does an air trick."]
["A person using a skateboard on a ramp near a beach.", "Man on a skateboard on a ramp at a beach", "A skateboarder appears at a skatepark next to a beach.", "The skateboarder is trying the trick at the very edge of the ramp.", "A skateboarder skating on the outside of a bowl"]
["bowls filled with different foods next to a plate of broccoli.", "A bowl filled with noodles and other items next to a plate of broccoli on a table.", "Plates and bowls of food on a wooden table.", "A dish is topped with vegetables and sitting next to broccoli.", "A bowl of organic food on a table."]
["A plate with brocclie, carrots, and some type of meat with gravy on top.", "Roast beef with gravy broccoli and carrots on a plate", "A plate of roast beef in barbeque sauce with brocoli and carrots. ", "A plate of food containing meat, broccoli and carrots.", "A meal with gravy covered meat, carrots, and broccoli."]
["Meal of egg \"salad\", apple, yogurt parfait, and lemonade on a narrow countertop.", "A cup of fruit and salad on a table.", "A table has a bowl, bottle, apple, and cup of fruit on it.", "a counter with some fruit vegetables crackers and a drink", "A fruit cup next to an apple, lemonade bottle and a salad bowl."]
["A white plate topped with sauced covered food next to broccoli.", "A plate with a cooked and seasoned piece of fish next to a piece of lemon, broccoli and parsley.", "A portrait of a dinner dish of a protein and greens.", "A white plate with a vegetable dish, with parsley and a slice of lemon on the side", "A white plate containing salmon, rice, and broccoli. "]
["A man riding a skateboard down some cement steps.", "a teen standing on a skateboard while riding part of the wall ", "A boy skateboards along a ramp at night.", "A skateboarder performing a trick on a street corner.", "A young man on a skateboard at a skate park"]
["A man riding a skateboard performing a trick.", "A shirtless man performing a stunt on a skateboard.", "A man riding a skateboard into the air on a parking lot.", "A person on a skateboard on the street.", "A shirtless young man is skateboarding at the skate park."]
["A white plate filled with lots of pasta.", "Rotini noodles with broccoli and sauce in them. ", "A plate of noodles with some broccoli in the center", "A pasta dish with cream and cheese is topped with broccoli", "a closeup of pasta and broccoli covered in a creamy white sauce"]
["Two bowls that have food inside of them.", "A bowl of potatoes and onions next to some broccoli.", "A side of pork chops and broccoli is on the table. ", "Two plates of food and vegetables are sitting on a table.", "Broccoli and potatoes displayed next to each other on white dishes"]
["A man riding a skateboard on top of a ramp.", "A man that is on a skateboard on a concrete ramp.", "A skateboarder riding the board at a skate park ", "Person riding skateboard in ramps of skate park", "a person that is skateboarding on some concrete"]
["a person is doing a trick on a skateboard", "a woman in the air with a skateboard under her feet", "A man doing a trick with a skateboard.", "A group of people overlook a man doing a trick on his skateboard.", "A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard."]
["Apples, fresh granola, cream and a wooden spoon", "Plate of oatmeal next to two apples on a pink napkin. ", "A dessert casserole displayed with a pitcher and fruit. ", "A glass dish of crisp, surrounded by apples, a creamer, and a spoon. ", "A table topped with a bowl of cereal and eating utensils."]
["a big white plate of some kind of food", "A plate of food that appears to be vegetables and pasta.", "A pasta dish with broccoli and tomatoes on a plate.", "A close up of a plate of food containing noodles and broccoli.", "a pasta dish with colorful vegtables on white plate"]
["a person jumping in the air with a skateboard", "A man riding a skateboard on the top of a counter.", "A man doing a trick on this skateboard.", "A man is skateboarding off a brick wall. ", "A skateboarders doing a trick on the lip of a half pipe."]
["A man riding a skateboard off the side of a ramp.", "A man in a white t-shirt skateboarding down a wooden ramp.", "A young man is riding his skateboard and doing some tricks. ", "a male skateboarder in a white shirt doing a trick", "A man riding a skateboard on a ramp rail."]
["A person doing tricks on a  bench with a skateboard", "a person riding a skate board  on a bench", "A guy on a skateboard doing a trick.", "A person standing on a skateboard doing a kick flip.", "A man riding a skateboard on on a bench next to a light pole."]
["A young man is on his skateboard with headphones in. ", "a person riding a skate board on a skate park", "A man on a skateboard wearing head phones.", "A man in black shirt riding on a skateboard in skatepark.", "A skateboarder doing a trick at a skate park."]
["A table topped with small and large metal bowls filled with veggies.", "A close up of a plate of food with vegetables. ", "chopped lettuce next to some meat and other vegetables ", "Fresh chopped vegetables and meat to prepare a meal.", "Metal bowls containing minced food, meat on one, lettuce and vegetables on the others."]
["A sandwich in a paper container on top of a wooden table.", "McDonald's fast food on a table and a bottle of wine", "A sandwich sits by some fries and a drink.", "A bottle of wine sitting amongst some McDonald's food.", "A meal of a salad, sandwich and fries is on the table."]
["A man riding a skateboard up the side of a wooden ramp.", "A man is grinding a ramp on a skateboard", "Man riding on edge of an oval ramp with a skate board.", "A man in a helmet skateboarding before an audience.", "A man on a skateboard is doing a trick."]
["A variety of produce on a table including carrots.", "Carrots, cabbage, oranges. potatoes, avocados, lettuce, strawberries, asparagus, kale, snap peas on a dining table.", "A table contains a variety of fruits and vegetables.", "Different fruits and vegetables on a wooden table.", "Purchased fresh fruits and vegetables on a table."]
["A blue and white plate topped with Chinese food.", "a plate sitting on a table with a meal on it", "a close up of a plate of food with rice", "The  asian dish features fried onions on top.", "A blue and white plate containing a dish of noodles, vegetables on white rice."]
["A display of broccoli, rice patties, bread, and carrots. ", "A plastic container of food with rice and vegetables. ", "A lunch tray with rice and vegetables and chopsticks.", "A packed lunch of rice, bread, broccoli, and carrots with chopsticks. ", "A tupperware container filled with rice and vegetables."]
["Two roasted chickens sitting on to of a pile of vegetables.", "Two chickens are being roasted with carrots and mushrooms.", "Two backed chickens are sitting in a pan with vegetables.", "Two roasted chickens in a pan sitting on a wooden table.\n", "Two whole chickens sitting on a bed of vegetables."]
["A person sitting at a table with a carrot.", "A man eating a meal containing carrots off of a plate.", "A man sitting at a table holding a carrot in his hand.", "The man is holding a raw carrot in his hand. ", "A man that is holding a carrot at a table."]
["A boy is helping a smaller boy on skis in shallow snow.", "A little boy wearing tiny skis standing on snow covered ground.", "A snow covered ground area with a small child standing up on snow skis.", "A toddler on skis being held up by a grownup", "A young child on skis being held up by an adult."]
["A child on a snowboard going down a slope.", "A small child heading down the mountain on a snowboard", "The young child is posing for a picture before he snowboards down the hill. ", "A boy is on a snowboard in shallow snow.", "A little boy that is snowboarding on a hill."]
["A bathroom vanity sink with person products around it.", "a toothbrush sitting next to a soap bottle ", "There are three toothbrushes and two bottle of soap on this sink.", "The toothbrush is hanging off the side of the sink.", "a small sink in the bathroom with soap and other things"]
["A shiny metal pot filled with some diced veggies.", "The pan on the stove has chopped vegetables in it.", "Finely chopped vegetables in a sauce pan on a burner.", "This pot is filled with carrots, celery, and potatoes.", "A pot with some food in it on a stove"]
["A lone skateboarder balancing on steps in practice area of a park.", "a kid does a grind trick on a fun box", "A man riding a skateboard on top of steps.", "Boy with skateboard going up the backside of two steps.", "A skateboarder is balancing on a set of steps."]
["A young boy riding a skate board on the walkway of a park.", "A pre-teen riding a skateboard on a street.", "A young boy is riding a skateboard as people walk behind him.", "there is a young male skateboarder riding in the street", "A boy skateboarding down the a busy street"]
["A man power sliding on a long board ", "A young man sitting  on his skateboard touching the ground", "A man riding a skateboard down a street.", "Young man with skateboard appearing like he just fell down.", "A man doing a trick on a skateboard in the middle of the street."]
["a person jumping a skate board in the air ", "A person and a skateboard in midair outside.", "a man is doing a trick on a skateboard", "Several young men skateboard around and empty basketball court", "A boy doing tricks on a blue skateboard."]
["A man doing a trick on a skateboard on a sidewalk.", "The person in the black and white photo is jumping up with a skateboard. ", "a man that is jumping some kind of skateboard", "A young man performing jumping tricks on his skateboard as others watch.", "A skateboarder doing a trick in a parking lot while other skateboarders look on."]
["A man on a skateboard performs a trick", "Aerial trick performed on pavement of city street.", "The person spreads their appendages while jumping on the skateboard.", "A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "A man performs skateboard tricks among other skateboarders."]
["a skier in a blue jacket is picking up her skis", "A skier bends over to pick up her skies as she holds her crutches on a snowy pathway.", "The woman has two skis and two ski poles.", "A woman reaches for a ski sitting in the snow. ", "A person that is about to go skiing in the snow."]
["A young man riding a skateboard down a yellow hand rail.", "The skateboard jumps down a flight of stairs near an audience.", "an image of a skateboarder doing a trick down a ramp", "A skateboarder doing tricks  on steps while people watch ", "A large group of people standing around watching a guy on a skateboard."]
["A CROWD OF PEOPLE WATCHING A SKATEBOARDER PERFORM", "The large crowd watches a skateboarder descend a rail on a stair case.", "A man riding a skateboard down the side of a hand rail.", "A skateboarder flips his skateboard while others look on.", "A skateboarder grinds a rail in front of an audience."]
["there re many people watching a man on a skateboard", "A skateboarder grinds down a rail in front of an audience.", "Crowd watches while guy slides down railing on skateboard", "A young man performing a jump on a railing with a crowd looking on.", "The young man is practicing his moves on his skateboard. "]
["A meal consisting of two pieces of meat on skewers and greens and cheese.", "A plate of food, including meat on a skewer, shaved vegetables, and salad.", "A plate contains skewed meat with a side of vegetables. ", "Steak skewers with a side of salad and fruit.", "A food entree is served on a plate with skewers."]
["A man riding skis down a snow covered mountain.", "A person skiing downhill on a snow covered slope with trees on the trail.", "A skier skiing down a snowy pine-studded slope.", "A person is skying down a mountain among trees.", "Lone skier is skiing down the mountain surrounded by pine trees."]
["A person riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.", "A MAN IS ON A SNOW BOARD GOING ", "A man snowboarding down a snowy slope in a forested area.", "a person riding a snow board on a snowy surface", "A man going down a hill on a snowboard."]
["Skiers and snowboarders share a white mountain slope.", "Two climbers climbing in the snow overlooking an alpine lake.", "THIS SKIER IS LOOKING DOWN A SNOWY SLOPE", "two skiers skiing down a snow covered slope", "A couple of people standing on a snow covered ski slope."]
["A glass plate that has food on it sitting on a table.", "a plate with some chicken and vegetables on it ", "a white and blue plate with rice chicken and some vegetables", "A plate of food on a table ", "string beans and carrots cooked together, rice with a piece of fish and a slice of lemon"]
["A person standing next to the water and a umbrella.", "The man rides the skateboard next to the water and the umbrella.", "A man standing on a pier overlooking the lake with an umbrella nearby.", "A man riding a skate board on railings near waterfront. ", "A person is standing at the side of a big lake."]
["A man is eating a plate of food at a restaurant.", "A man sitting at a table in front of a plate of food.", "A man with glasses sitting at a restaurant with a fork in his hand. ", "The man in the brown shirt is eating his breakfast.", "The man eats his food at the table."]
["A food vending machine with food inside of window boxes.", "A vending machine with hot corn dogs for $2.00.", "I vending machine containing precooked corn dogs for $2 each.", "A vending machine that dispenses heated corn dogs", "A vending machine with corn dogs in it."]
["A white plate of food on a table.", "A plate of potatoes and a hot dog in a biscuit on a table.", "A white plate with a hot dog in a biscuit next to fried potatoes.", "a plate with two dishes sitting on top of it", "A very tasty looking hot dog and some cooked potatoes."]
["A woman holds a Weiner in each hand. ", "The woman is holding up two large hot dogs. ", "a woman is holding two hot dogs in her hands", "A woman holding two sausage rolls on a sidewalk", "A man with sunglasses holding a hot dog in each hand."]
["Fast food burger and fries sitting on the wrappers.", "A sandwich and french fries are on a picnic table.", "A chicken sandwich and fries on a table.", "A loaded fried chicken sandwich with a side of fries.", "A fried chicken sandwich with a small bag of french fries."]
["Quarter of a giant burger served on a plastic plate", "A family size hamburger to be cut into slices.", "A huge hamburger with lettuce and tomato on a round plate.", "a knife on a tray with a giant sandwich", "A cheeseburger the size of a cake, with one slice missing shown on a separate plate."]
["A young man on a skateboard in a skate park.", "Man skateboarding at night going down a ramp.", "A man riding a skateboard down the side of a rail.", "a man on a skate board grinds on a ramp ", "A person on a skateboard on a ramp."]
["a sausage sandwich in a bun with ketchup on top ", "The hot dog has all the appropriate fixings.", "A person holding a hotdog made with sausage roll near the door", "A hot dog in a bun with cheese and ketchup", "Someone is holding up a hot dog with cheese on a bun."]
["The eater enjoys the hot dog decorated with the pickle.", "A person is holding a hotdog with a pickle on it near a large city.", "A hotdog topped with a pickle wrapped in wax paper.", "The hotdog has a long slice of pickle on it.", "A hot dog with a large pickle in someone's hand with a background of city buildings. "]
["There is a lot of food to be eaten on this plate.", "a close up of a plate of food with a sandwich", "The large sandwich plate features several different ingredients,", "A plate with a panini sandwich and french fries.", "There is a plate filled with fries and sandwiches."]
["A man looking at something while holding his hot dog up.", "A man wearing sunglasses holding up a hotdog sandwich.", "a person holding a doughnut with a view of the field", "Guy with shades on taking picture of his hot dog", "A man holding a hotdog up in one hand and pointing at it with the other hand."]
["A skateboarder doing tricks in the air on pavement", "A man flipping a skateboard in front of a graffiti covered wall.", "A young man in the middle of a kickflip", "A man performs a skateboard trick in the air.", "A young man in front of a graffiti covered wall does a skateboard trick."]
["A man eating a hot dog next to his girlfriend.", "A man eats a hotdog while a band plays.", "A young man is about to take a big bite of his hot dog. ", "A man that is holding a hot dog by his mouth.", "a man sitting at a table while eating a hot dog "]
["A box with a cheeseburger and fries and a container with a hot dog ", "A hot dog with toppings, a cheeseburger and fries on a tray.", "A hamburger and fries in a cardboard holder above a hot dog.", "a close up of a hot dog a hamburger and fries", "A photo of fast food consisting of a hamburger, french fries, hot dogs, and a dessert."]
["A child sitting at a table of homemade donuts with bowls of frosting and a Crisco oil container.", "a child at a table with plates of doughnuts", "A woman sitting at a table with several plates of doughnuts on it.", "The girl is at the table with plats full of donuts.", "A little girl sitting at a table with plates of different flavored donuts."]
["the man is making donuts and wearing a hat", "Man in baseball cap making pastries in public cooking area. ", "a man is in a store making donuts with flour", "A man that is leaning over a tray of doughnuts.", "Baker in a white apron placing raw donuts on a pan."]
["A woman sitting at a small wooden table with two yellow chairs.", "A woman at a table eating doughnuts with a knife and fork", "a person sitting at a table with a plate of doughnuts", "Woman sitting at a table enjoying a desert doughnut.", "A women sitting at a table with a fork full of doughnut."]
["A teddy bear has some pizza boxes on it.", "A brown teddy bear holding three pizza boxes.", "A teddy bear holding three boxes of pizza", "Brown teddy bear with small pizza boxes on it. ", "A teddy bear is adorned with mini pizza boxes."]
["A pizza with several types of vegetables on a white plate.", "A pizza with spinach and olives sits on a plate.", "A very tasty plate filled with a pizza. ", "A large uncut pizza with cheese, tomatoes, and spinach.", "A small pizza sits on a plate next to a fork."]
["A man cutting up a large sandwich in a kitchen.", "A man cutting a huge sandwich while another person is holding lettuce.", "The man and woman are in the kitchen preparing a meal. ", "a guy cutting a large sandwich with a knife.", "A man is cutting a sub sandwiches while a lady put a vegetable in the bag."]
["A plate of sprinkled doughnuts with a persons mouth open in the background.", "A mouth is open to chocolate donuts with sprinkles.", "A boy is about to take a bite out of one of the chocolate frosted donuts with sprinkles.", "a man with his mouth open move down to take a bite from a donut with chocolate frosting and sprinkles ", "Chocolate donuts with sprinkles and a boy about to eat one or more."]
["A man grins as he takes a doughnut from a plate", "A teen happily chooses a sprinkle flavored donut.", "A man holding a donut in front of a plate of donuts.", "a person taking a doughnut off of a plate", "A man holding a donut taken from a plate of donuts."]
["there are four donuts in a small box", "A person cutting into a doughnut in a box.", "Donut holes are stuck inside of donuts in a box.", "Someone cutting one donut in half among an open box of pastries.", "Box of donuts with donut holes in the middle."]
["A man in a bed is eating a doughnut.", "A man lying in his bed with a doughnut in his mouth.", "A man laying down with a chocolate donut in his mouth ", "Man in grey shirt laying down in a bed with donut in mouth. ", "A man laying in a bed with food in his mouth."]
["A child tries to feed an adult a piece of food", "the baby is feeding the snack to her mother.", "A baby and a woman enjoying each other's company.", "A little girl tying to give an adult food.", "A child with a bib at a picnic table offering food to an adult"]
["a sandwich on wheat bread sits on a plate", "A cut in half sandwich sitting on top of a white plate.", "A sandwich with pickles set on a plate.", "A belted midsection is all that can be seen of a diner seated before a plate with a sandwich, pickle and salad. ", "A close up of a plate of food containing a sandwich."]
["A young girl is smiling with a doughnut in front of her.", "The girl is making a funny face as she gets ready to eat her treat.", "A little girl sitting at a table eating a donut. ", "A young girl looks angry sitting in front of a table.", "a small girl in a yellow shirt and a donut"]
["A person brings a \"boogie board\" into a body of water.", "A woman is holding a boogie board in the shore of the ocean.", "A woman is going out with a surfboard while a child paddles out as well.", "Woman with a boogie board enjoying the ocean ", "A woman in a hat is ready to go on a body board."]
["the woman is standing in the ocean with a hat ", "An older Asian woman wading in a body of water", "A woman standing in the water wearing a hat.", "A woman wearing a hat wiping her face wading in the ocean.", "An older Asian woman standing in the ocean"]
["GUY SKATE BOARDING DOWN THE STREET IN THE DARK", "A man is skateboarding down a path next to some grass.", "A man is riding a skateboard down the street at night.", "A person skateboarding on a road next to buildings with bright lights.", "A young man riding a skateboard down a curvy road."]
["A bunch of surf boards lined up along a fence at a beach.", "A bunch of surfboards sitting next to the ocean.", "A row of surfboards leaning against a rail near the beach.", "A dozen surfboards are lined up on the beach shore.", "There is a row of surfboards hanging beside the beach"]
["a man sitting on a surf board in the water", "A smiling man in the water with a surf board.", "A man in black wetsuit sitting on surfboard that is submerged.", "Guy gives a thumbs up while sitting on his surfboard", "A man giving a thumbs up while holding his surfboard"]
["A single surfer is riding a surfboard on a wave.", "A person rides the waves on their surfboard.", "View from a few feet away of the silhouette of a person standing on a surfboard riding on a white wave in dark blue and green water, with blue and white sky behind.", "A man rides the crest of a wave on a surfboard. ", "A surfer is riding a large wave of water."]
["A man surfing on a wave during the day.", "A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "a man riding on the bottom of a wave with a surfboard ", "A young man balances on a surfboard with one hand on the wave.", "Guy drags his hand in the ocean as he rides the wave on his surfboard"]
["An Asian woman surfing in a wet suit.", "A woman on a surfboard riding a wave", "A female surfer in a wetsuit riding a big wave", "A woman riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A woman in a wet suit riding a wave on a surf board."]
["A person that is blowing out some candles in a cake.", "A boy blowing out candles on a birthday cake.", "A little boy looking over a cake on a table.", "A child is blowing out candles on a cake.", "A child stares at the top of a cake."]
["a bunch of boys that are kicking some balls", "A group of boys are practicing on a field.", "Young boy kicking soccer ball preparing for a match", "a childrens soccer game in the background, one kid is kicking the ball", "A team of boys are kicking soccer balls."]
["some people walking into the water with some surfboards ", "Several surfers catching the last waves as the sun sets.", "A group of three people riding waves on surfboards.", "Three people with surfboards walking into the water.", "some body boarders water sun sand and clouds"]
["A man riding a paddle board on a large body of water.", "A nman is paddling while standing on a surf board", "A man on a surfboard rowing with an oar", "a man standing on a surfboard in the water while holding onto an oar ", "A man standing on a surf board, holding an oar."]
["A man riding a paddle board along a river.", "a person riding a surf board on a body of water ", "A man standing on a surfboard paddling a small stream.", "a man on a surfboard in a river near a couple of trees and branches", "A man is going down the water on a paddle board."]
["A man riding a surfboard on top of a wave.", "A surfer in a full wetsuit rides a foamy wave.", "a man in a wetsuit riding a wave with a surfboard ", "A man surfing the waves on his surf board. ", "a man wearing swimming costumes skating on the ocean"]
["A woman standing at a table preparing food.", "Two women in the kitchen preparing food together", "Two women bake together at a kitchen island.", "two women in a kitchen cutting food on a tray", "Women making cakes in a modern suburban kitchen"]
["Surfers at a cliff next to water at sunset.", "Silhouette of surfers in water and on land against a cloudy sunset.", "Sunset scene with surfers coming out of the water", "Surfers gather together on a beach at sunset.", "A man watching a beautiful sunset overlooking water"]
["A wooden table topped with two sandwiches and other food items.", "Plates containing different foods are sitting on a table.", "Several plates full of food are sitting on a table. ", "Four plates of food and silverware on a wood table.", "A picture of a table of food in a resturant."]
["two people riding surf boards on a body of water", "The surfers are riding surfboards in the water. ", "A couple of guys are surfing in what appears to be a large pool. ", "A couple of people are surfing in the water", "Two men surfing in water next to a dock."]
["A man riding a board on top of a wave in the ocean.", "A guy in a black and white outfit is surfing.", "A man in a wet suit riding a surfboard on a wave.", "a male surfing a large ocean wave on a white surfboard", "A man is riding a surboard on a wave"]
["A young man riding a wave on a surfboard.", "A man riding a wave on a surfboard in the water.", "A person in shorts riding a surfboard on some waves", "A person riding a surfboard on a big wave.", "A male surfer riding a wave at a surf park."]
["A sandwich on a plate with meat, peppers, and cheese.", "An open faced sandwich is topped with jalepenos.", "A cucumber and meat sandwich sits on a plate.", "Delicious looking meal of vegetables, cheese and meat on bread.", "A close up of a sandwich with vegetables and wraps."]
["A man riding a surfboard on top of a wave.", "The surfer is going to ride a very big wave.", "a man in black surfing in high and strong waves", "a surfer in a wet suit standing in wave", "a man surfing in the water on a wave"]
["A man walking along a beach holding a surfboard.", "A surfer wearing a black wet suit carrying his red and white surfboard.", "A man in a wetsuit walking into the water with a red and white surf board.", "A man wearing a black body suite carrying a red and white striped surfboard into the ocean.", "The man in the wetsuit carries a red and white striped surfboard."]
["this is two men in a soccer match", "Two soccer players on different teams are see during a game.", "The small crowd is watching two soccer players during a game. ", "a man kicking a soccer ball in the direction of another player", "Two players in a soccer match watched by fans in the stadium."]
["A series of photos showing different cakes and glasses.", "a number of colorful decorative cakes on display", "A bakery has a shelf full of various cakes.", "Collection of various ornaments shaped like cakes on a shelf.", "A display of several different kinds of cakes."]
["A table in the sun with a white cloth, beef sandwich, glass of beer, and bottle of wine.", "A very thick meat sandwich on a plate and a small drink sitting next to it.", "A sandwich sitting on top of a plate on a table.", "The sandwich is full of red stuff and there is bottle behind it. ", "a steak and pepper sandwich next to a cup of beer "]
["A man in uniform prepares to kick a soccer ball", "a man is running with a soccer ball in a field", "A man playing soccer preparing to kick the soccer ball.", "A soccer player taking aim to kick the ball.", " Football player prepares to kick the soccer ball"]
["A woman sitting at a counter putting icing on a cake.", "two women and a child some bowls and a cake", "A woman wearing a I Love NY shirt at a counter top frosting a cake with a knife.", "Woman in a home kitchen, frosting a layer cake.", "a person preparing a cake in the kitchen"]
["A man sitting on a couch holding food in his hands.", "A person sitting on a couch eating some food.", "A guy in a green and yellow jacket eats a sub sandwich.", "A smiling guy on a couch holding some food.", "A man sits on a couch and eats a sub sandwich."]
["Two woman putting some icing on a cake.", "Two young girls work together to decorate a cake.", "a couple or women decorating a cake on a counter ", "Two women decorating a blue and yellow cake", "Two women decorated a cake to look like a minion from Despicable Me."]
["Young girl holding a cupcake up to the camera.", "A young girl holds a cupcake with icing on it.", "A little girl eating a cupcake next to a fire extinguisher.", "A girl holds a decorated pastry with thick white frosting.", "A young girl showing off a frosted cupcake"]
["four people sitting nad standing eating and drinking", "Three people are pictured while they are eating.", "A group of people are eating sandwiches outside.", "a scouts get together cooking and eating food", "People who are sitting down and eating food. "]
["Sandwich triangles on a plate next to a mug.", "A close shot of a grilled cheese sandwich on a plate. ", "Some food is on a plate next to a mug", "Close up of sandwich on plate with coffee mug", "A close up of a grilled cheese sandwich with a cup in the background. "]
["A person riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.", "A surfer in black pants and a blue shirt rides a surfboard in the ocean.", "A surfer speeds by as his wave nears the shore.", "A person on a surfboard riding a wave", "A person in blue and black surfing in the ocean."]
["Two surfers at the beach standing at the coastline.", "two people holding surf boards on a beach", "two people walking on a wet, sand shoreline holding surfboards", "a couple people that are walking on a beach", "two people with surfboards standing by the water "]
["Three people and two surfboards on the beach", "A woman and two men on the beach with surfboards.", "Three people on a beach examine a yellow surfboard.", "Three people sitting beside a surfboard on the beach.", "Three surfers sit on the beach, and tend to a board."]
["A man riding a surfboard on top of a wave.", "The man rides in the wave, beautifully balanced on his surfboard.", "A surf boarder rides his board in the ocean.", "A surfer is surfing in the ocean during the day.", "A surfer wearing a black and blue wet suit surfing in the ocean."]
["a man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A surfer prepares for a wave in the middle of the ocean.  ", "A person standing on a surfboard in the ocean.", "A man on a surfboard surfing in rough waves.", "The old man surfing on the rough seas isn't the least bit afraid"]
["A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A man wearing a wetsuit in the water.", "The man is excited about riding the big wave.", "a man is surfing in the water at the beach", "Man in wet suit is surfing a small wave."]
["a close up of a child next to a cake with balloons", "A baby sitting in front of a cake wearing a tie.", "The young boy is dressed in a tie that matches his cake. ", "A child eating a birthday cake near some balloons.", "A baby eating a cake with a tie around his/her neck with balloons in the background."]
["Two desks rigged to look like the drivers seats of race cars are at the foot of a bed.", "The bedside is equipped with dual bucket seating and tables for video gaming.", "Bed room scene with car bucket seats on end of queen sized bed, brightly lit by sun shining though window. ", "two actual car seats set up with video game driving wheels at the end of a bed", "A picture of a bedroom with two chairs in it."]
["Iced carrot cake on a table with odd type of cola.", "A cake with frosting on a plate and a cola drink", "A slice of cake next to a bottle of cola.", "A plate of dinner with a bottle of cola.", "A piece of cake is on a plate with a fork near a bottle of cola."]
["A person on a surfboard rides on a wave.", "A person in black wetsuit riding a yellow surfboard on water.", "A person in a black shirt riding on a  surfboard", "A person is surfing on a wave in the ocean.", "A person on a surfboard riding a wave."]
["a creepy doll sits in a yellow basket ", "Two dolls in black and white dresses in a room", "A baby doll sitting inside of a baby carriage.", "The doll is in the basket beside a doll sitting on a bed. ", "Two dolls inside of a room, one in a stroller and one on the bed."]
["A cake with icing and cartoon cake toppers.", "an iced  birthday cake with a number candle on a table with a pink tablecloth. ", "A birthday cake and some birthday presents sitting on a table.", "The young child received a birthday cake with Dora decorations.", "A birthday cake that is decorated with plastic figurines and flowers."]
["A view of a bed, chair, and window treatments.", "A hotel room with a sleigh bed in it.", "A bedroom with a sleigh style bed and a chair with a foot rest in front of it.", "this room has a very large bed and a red chair ", "A backpack rests in a chair next to a bed in a motel room."]
["Dessert covered in chocolate with white topping and candy atop it.", "Chocolate candy covered in white chocolate and topped with a red berry and leaves", "A chocolate covered dessert with icing and other toppings.", "A chocolate  covered treat with white chocolate hardened on the top", "some chocolate candy with white topping on a silver rack"]
["two kids standing on twin bed playing with toys", "a couple of beds that have kids on them", "Two children jump on beds with stuffed animals.", "Two children stand on their beds holding toys.", "Two children are standing on hotel beds with their stuffed animals."]
["A man laying on a bed next to a small black and white dog.", "A dog stretches out next to a sleeping man. ", "A person and a big dog sleeping in the same bed", "A man and a dog sleeping in a bed. ", "A man and a dog who are laying in bed."]
["A room with a bed with black floral sheets and a night stand.", "A light shines brightly from the lamp in a small room.", "a bed with a floral blanket nest to a bright light ", "A bedroom with the mattress on the floor.", "A bed is on the floor with a blue floral comforter and a night stand with a lamp."]
["Two people surfing a beautiful sky blue wave.", "two people riding surf boards on a wave", "Two people using surfboards on a large wave", "A surf boarder who is riding a wave.", "There are two people surfing on the water."]
["two people riding surf boards n a body of water ", "Two people in the water on surf boars on a wave.", "two people on surfboards riding a wave ", "A couple of men riding on top of a wave in a wave pool.", "Two surfers on boards at a wave park."]
["A lady in a motel room is jumping onto a bed.", "A women who is jumping on the bed.", "The woman spreads her arms while in the air over the bed. ", "a woman jumping on a big bed ", "a woman is jumping on a white bed"]
["Man being silly and jumping on the bed.", "A guy flying through the air to land on a bed.", "A guy jumps through the air to land on a bed. ", "a man with a beard and black shirt is flying over his bed", "A man is jumping into a hotel bed\n"]
["A man flying into the air over a bed.", "A man spread eagled in mid air above a bed.", "A man jumping in the air in a horizontal direction over the top of a bed.", "A man doing a belly flop onto a bed ", "A man wearing a black shirt and blue jeans above a bed."]
["Two beds that have canopy's over the top of them.", "a couple of beds sit next to each other ", "two single white beds with canopies and pillows", "Two beds with canopies in a room ", "Two twin size beds near each other both covered in a canopy "]
["There is a bed in the room next to the night stand.", "A bed with two night stands, a chair a mirror and windows.", "View inside bedroom of bed and mirror between two windows", "A neatly made bed sitting in a hotel room. ", "A hotel looking room has another room through the door."]
["A small desk is in the corner with a laptop.", "the work table with a laptop on it in a room", "A table with a computer and a lamp is in the corner with a leather chair in front of it and a television on a stand is to the side.", "A leather computer chair with a laptop and phone on the desk. ", "A desk is shown with a computer and a chair."]
["A TV on top of a wooden dresser next to a desk.", "A hotel room with a desk and TV on a furniture", "A hotel room contains a desk and dresser with television.", "A lamp is on in a hotel room office area. ", "A hotel room desk next to a dresser and a tv set. "]
["The mountains past the fence are covered in snow. ", "landscape of a snow covered field and mountains", "some mountains with a sky in the background ", "an overcast day a snowy field and a snowy mountain", "FENCED IN FIELD OF SNOW WITH MOUNTAINS AND OVERCAST SKY"]
["A person on a court with a tennis racket.", "A person hitting a tennis ball on a court.", "Tennis player in yellow shirt and white shorts jumping up to return with an ace smash. ", "A professional photograph of a man playing tennis.", "a tennis player hitting a serve on a court"]
["A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A man hits a tennis ball on a tennis court.", "A man taking a swing at a tennis ball", "A man in a blue shirt, blue hat and gray shorts playing tennis.", "A man leans over to the right as he gets ready to hit a tennis ball. "]
["A man swinging a tennis racquet on a court.", "A man playing tennis on the tennis courts.", "Man holding tennis racket putting is arm up.", "Male tennis player just after making an energetic swing.", "Man and black shorts and black shirt swinging tennis racket on the court. "]
["A man holding a tennis racquet on a court.", "A man holding a tennis racket in his hand. ", "a man that is standing up with a racket in hand", "Man standing looking ahead with tennis racket in hand", "A man holding a tennis racket getting ready to play tennis."]
["A YOUNG LADY IS ON THE COURT PLAYING TENNIS", "A woman standing on  a tennis court holding a racquet.", " a girl in black shirt hitting tennis ball.", "a female tennis player about to hit a tennis ball", "A tennis player after hitting a shot back to the other side of the court."]
["A gorgeous young lady holding a tennis racquet on a court.", "Woman in yellow and white outfit holding a tennis racket. ", "A female tennis player playing a game of tennis.", "A woman is holding a tennis racket on a court", "A woman with a tennis racket on the court."]
["A little girl sitting at a table with a plate of food.", "A girl sits at a picnic table with a piece of pizza on a plate. ", "A girl sitting at a picnic table with a slice of pizza and a drink.", "A little girl is sitting at the table with a slice of pizza.", "A little girl sitting at a picnic table with a slice of pizza. "]
["A laptop on a desk in a classroom.", "Closeup of a wooden desk with a laptop plugged into a charger.", "a laptop sits on a desk next to some papers ", "A laptop,papers and water sitting on a desk.", "A laptop is plugged in with papers next to it."]
["The man is smiling and inspecting the pepperoni pizza.", "The boy is smiling at a pizza sitting on a counter.", "A pizza that is in a box on a table.", "A man standing in front of an open pizza box on a counter.", "A man looking at a large pepperoni pizza. "]
["A young man eats a slice of pizza.", "A man eats food from a folded-up paper plate.", "Person that is eating some food on the street.", "A man outside a restaurant eating a slice of pizza.", "A man eating a piece of pizza on a paper plate."]
["The restaurant features several different types of pizza.", "A counter top filled with pizzas and food", "Different types of pizza are being sold behind the counter of this pizza restaurant.", "A pizza shop display showing ready-made pizzas for sale.", "Various different type of pizza behind a glass."]
["Two men talking on a tennis court holding sticks with tennis balls.", "Two men on a tennis court playing tennis.", "Picture of men playing tennis with the ball and racket serving reverse roles.", "Two people stand across from each other on a tennis coart with weird ball holders.", "People are on a tennis court trying to hit a ball."]
["A woman watches the tennis player who is about to serve a ball. ", "a man serving a ball on a tennis court", "a man holding a racket and tennis ball playing", "A man is holding a tennis racquet, preparing to serve the ball.", "A man is holding a tennis ball and tennis racket while a woman is looking at him from behind."]
["a man leaning forward as he swings a tennis racket", "A man swinging a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.", "A person jumping to hit a tennis ball with a racket and people in the background watching.", "The tennis player is returning the high  serve.", "A young man playing tennis jumps in the air."]
["Mail tennis player very excited during a match", "a male tennis player in a blue shirt playing tennis", "A man with his mouth open holding a tennis racquet", "a man on a tennis court making a face", "A young man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court."]
["A pizza is being cut into on a sheet.", "A small pizza being cut with a pizza cutter.", "Someone is cutting pizza on top of their stove.", "Someone is just about to cut the pizza.", "Someone who is cutting a cooked pizza with a pizza cutter."]
["A group of teenagers are playing tennis outdoors.", "a group of young people playing tennis with trees in the back ground", "A group of youth boys playing tennis together. ", "A group of children are holding tennis rackets at the tennis court.", "Several boys holding onto tennis racquets while one swings."]
["some people are watching two people playing tennis", "Kids in line at a tennis camp in the summer.", "Young men lined up for their turn on the tennis court.", "a number of tennis players on a court with rackets", "Several people lined up holding tennis rackets at the court."]
["Several kids are on a tennis court with their tennis rackets.", "Many kids holding rackets on a tennis court. \n\n", "SEVERAL YOUNG BOYS ON A COURT PLAYING TENNIS", "Group of small boys standing on a tennis court with rackets in hand. ", "A bunch of kids playing tennis on the tennis court."]
["A woman touches her butt with a tennis racket in hand.", "A woman playing tennis is scratching her butt.", "A woman holding a tennis racquet and scratching her butt with no panties.", "a tennis player with her skirt lifted up exposing her buttock", "A young woman scratches her butt under her dress on the tennis court."]
["A small girl smiles at her pizza creation, which looks like a smiley face.", "A little girl sitting in front of a table with a pizza.", "The child smiles brightly while putting toppings on pizza dough.", "A little girl makes a pizza with a smiley face.", "A little girl is posing in front of a table while making a pizza. "]
["a piece of bread with some other food on it", "a pizza crust with just some thin slices of meat and some onion", "A type of pastry with smoked salmon on top. ", "The food is arranged in a starlike pattern on the bread. ", "A plate of food is sitting on a table."]
["A table that has a bunch of platters with pizza and glasses.", "a number of pizzas on pans on a table ", "A table that has three pizzas on it.", "People slicing pizza to serve to guests of a party", "Several people eat a variety of pizzas and drink a variety of beers."]
["Woman in white skirt outfit standing on a tennis court. ", "A female tennis player holding a tennis racket", "A woman patting her racquet as she walks away.", "A tennis player on a tennis court doing something with a racket.", "A woman with a tennis racket on a court."]
["A woman hitting a tennis ball on the tennis court ", "A woman about to hit a tennis ball on a tennis court. ", "Here is a nice backhand move by the player", "A woman standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "Woman in white uniform swinging at a tennis ball. "]
["A living room, complete with couch, coffee table, shelving unit and tv set.", "A living room has a red couch and a fireplace.", "A living area with a red sofa, coffee table and large television.", "a living room with a tv a couch and a table", "A carpeted living room with a few pieces of furniture and a fireplace."]
["a computer on a desk with many things stacked around it", "A desktop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "A computer set up on top of a wooden desk.", "A desktop computer is sitting on the computer desk.", "a desk filled with a computer and a lot of paper work "]
["Cluttered white shelf with tootbrush, toothpaste and hairbrush.", "A shelf containing a green cup holding a toothbrush and tooth paste near a brush and deodorant. ", "A hairbrush, toothbrush, and other toiletries sitting on a shelf.", " Personal hygiene items are on a wire shelf.", "A white wire shelf holding some toiletry items."]
["A man combing his hair with his  moobs hanging out.", "A guy brushing his hair while brushing his teeth.", "A guy is brushing his teeth and brushing his hair while a woman is brushing her teeth and holding up a camera.", "A man and his friend are grooming themselves in front of a mirror. ", "Two men are brushing their hair and brushing teeth."]
["A view of a  remote with a popcorn hour book on the table.", "The remote is sitting beside the popcorn corn tray", "A TV remote control setting next to a device marked Popcorn Hour.", "A picture of a movie and a remote sitting on a table.", "There is a remote control sitting on the table."]
["A living room filled with furniture and lots of windows.", "A combined living room and dining room with plenty of natural light.", "A room with a seating area and dining area.", "Nicely appointed living area with several large windows adding natural light", "A decorated room has chairs, a table, and a sofa."]
["A man holding out two hands as if pulling on something", "A man laughs as he points a remote control at something outdoors.", "A man who is standing in an area with grass and trees.", "A man outside in a yard with a remote.", "A man standing on a lush green field holding a frisbee."]
["A man in a grey shirt on a grey couch playing a videogame. ", "A man sitting on a couch holding a wii controller.", "A man sits on a couch holding a wii remote.", "A man on a couch is playing a WII video game.", "A man sits on the couch of a living room while holding a game controller."]
["a black couch with a red pillow and blue blanket", "A living area with a couch, coffee table and bookshelf.", "Two rugs and some red pillows have been tossed on the couch.", "A well-lit room of some sort at night.", "A messy couch with coffee table, bookshelf and lamp."]
["A group of young children sitting next to each other on a couch.", "Three small children holding up three white controllers. ", "A couple of kids playing a video game.", "A group of children playing video games on a couch", "Three children playing video games on the sofa."]
["A man holding a Nintendo Wii controller next to a pretty young girl holding another Nintendo Wii controller.", "A man and his daughter playing a Wii game while the mother watches.", "a man and girl playing wii together as a woman watches", "Living room scene, man and young girl holding Wii controllers with sitting woman observing.", "A man and a young girl playing video games"]
["A kid on the ground with a remote control.", "A young girl is excersising with a video game board.", "Child performing move with mat and remote controller", "A little girl is balancing on a mat while playing a wii game. ", "A young girl who is raising her left arm in the air."]
["A little girl laying on top of a Nintendo Wii controller.", "A little girl playing with an interactive video game system.", "A little girl is wearing pink pants and shirt.", "a small girl in a pink shirt on a blue mat", "A young girl using a wii fit video game"]
["A picture of a person that is playing a video game", "The man is playing on a Wii Fit.", "A young boy holding a game controller while standing in a living room.", "Three young men together with two sitting on a counch and one standing in the middle of the room playing on Wii video game equipment.", "A group of people play video games with controllers."]
["a man standing holding a game controller and two people sitting", "Young adult using video game controller with other looking on.", "A man standing on a piece of equipment for a video game while holding the remote as four other people look on", "people sitting around watching a man playing a video game", "The group of friends is enjoyingplaying the video games."]
["A group of people in a living room playing Wii.", "A group of people who are standing in the living room with remotes.", "A group of people plays a video game.", "A bunch of people playing with a Wii gaming unit.", "a couple of men are playing video games"]
["Two men sitting next to each other while holding a child.", "three males and two are playing a video game", "an adult a young person and a child playing nintendo wii", "Two men playing a game while a boy watches. ", "Two me and a small child are playing video games."]
["A man standing in a living room with a woman and a child.", "A woman is watching a kid and man playing Wii.", "A man plays a video game with a child, while a woman watches.", "A family plays a game together in their living room. ", "The child and the man were playing a video game."]
["a group of people play a video game in a living room ", "A few people setting on couches and chairs in a living room watching television.", "People sit in a living room playing a video game.", "People are playing a video game in the living room.", "A group of people who are sitting on couches in front of a television."]
["A hand picking up a game remote from a table.", "a close up of a person holding a nintendo wii remote", "A adult's hand holding an unidentified electronics device.", "A person holding a white game controller over a table.", "A person's hand with a remote control and a table with a book on it."]
["A man laughing and playing with a video game.", "a man holds a wiimote while playing wii golf", "a man having a good time playing a wii game", "A man in black jacket playing a game with a Nintendo Wii controller.", "The man is playing a video golf gamer."]
["A couple of guys standing up and playing Wii together.", "Adult men actively play video games with Wii controllers.", "A group of young men are playing a video game.", "Two men standing in a living room holding Wii remotes and nun-chucks.", "A couple of men standing in a living room together."]
["A photograph of living room sofa, and dining set.", "This room has an assortment of wooden furniture.", "The room has a lot of chairs and furniture in it.", "The living room has a lot of furniture. ", "A very nicely decorated dining room in someone's house."]
["A close up of a person holding the Wii remote.", "Man holding remote control for video game system.", "The man with a scar on his hand is holding a Nintendo Wii remote.", "Person with a cut on their hand holding up a white controller. ", "A man holding a Wii controller in his hand."]
["A living room with a wooden floor and lots of furniture.", "The kitchen bar is near a dining room table.", "A room has a table and chairs and a couch in it.", "A small apartment gets lots of natural light.", "A living room that has a couch and a table in it."]
["The view of a living room couch, windows, fireplace, and television set.", "A large leather couch sitting in front of a fire place.", "a roam showing a leather couch and a fire place", "a long black coach in a home living room", "A tv is on in the living room, but no one is in there."]
["Two men in room playing a game with Nintendo Wii controllers.", "A pair of men performing something with microphones in front of others.", "A person speaking into a microphone with a few people watching.", "Two men demonstrating something for people in a room.", "five men in a large room with two getting their picture taken"]
["A den with chairs, a table, couch and television.", "A living room, dining room and sitting area combination room with furnishings.", "The room is dimly lit by three lamps.", "There is a big room with furniture and items inside. \n", "a living room with chairs and a tv"]
["Two men stand in front of a television playing video games.", "two men in a basement watching television in what looks like a man cave.", "Two men are standing in front of a television playing Wii.", "a couple of men with wii remotes stand in front of a television ", "Two men standing in front of a TV playing with a Wii. "]
["A person is holding a video game controller.", "A person holding a large metal and plastic object.", "there is someone holding some type of remote ", "A man holding a device of some sort.", "a hand holding a grey and clear rack with window in the background."]
["A computer key board sitting next to a computer mouse with mouse pad.", "The numbers pad of the keyboard and a mouse.", "A closeup of a keyboard and a mouse.", "A calculator and a computer mouse are next to each other.", "a close up of a computer mouse and keyboard"]
["A desktop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "A computer with a colorful screen saver sits on a desk with a task light.", "A desktop and laptop computer sitting on a wooden desk.", "A laptop sits next to the lamp and a computer.", "A laptop and a computer sitting on a wooden desk."]
["A  blurry person typing on a computer keyboard ", "A person is typing on the computer keyboard.", "A person is typing on a computer keyboard", "a person is typing quickly on a keyboard ", "two hands typing on a keyboard in front of a computer monitor."]
["A living room with a fireplace and wooden floors. ", "A living room with a fire place and television area.", "there is a room with a fire place in it ", "A flat screen television in a living room with a fireplace.", "A fire place sitting inside of a living room."]
["A living room with boxes packed and a wine glass on a table.", "A LIVING ROOM WITH A BURGUNDY COUCH AND BRIGHT ROUND LIGHT", "A room cluttered with various items, including a monitor and printer. ", "A very big living room with all the furnishings.", "A living room with couch, television, and tables."]
["A computer on a table with four chairs in a bay window.", "A table surrounded by four chairs holding a desktop computer.", "A living room with a desktop computer setup on a table. ", "Computer set up on a table near a bay window.", "A living room filled with furniture and a table with a desktop computer."]
["A couch sitting in a living room under two windows.", "A very dimly lit living room with a couch.", "A couch is looking quite dark with the blinds down. ", "A living room with a couch, glass table and windows with shades down.", "A dark, empty room with a couch and table."]
["A drawer full of cell phones and walkie talkies", "a drawer with many old electronics a call phone an ipod", "A drawer containing many different types of electronics and electronic accessories.", "A drawer filled with electronic equipment and cellphones.", "A desk full of random assorted electronic devices. "]
["A black and white cat sitting on top of a bed next to a cell phone.", "A black and white cat staring at a phone on a bed.", "A cat sitting on a bed looking at a cell phone", "A cat on a bed looking at a phone.", "A black and white kitten sits on a bed looking at a mobile phone."]
["A nice interior decoration with a green couch and white end tables.", "A green couch sitting in between two lamps.", "A curved sofa with attached end-tables and a circular coffee table in front of it", "A living room with a sofa and built in tables.", "A modern couch with pillows and a lamp on each side. "]
["A person laying in a bed with some laptops on.", "Lady sitting up in bed, looking at computers.", "A person sitting in a bed with a laptop before them", "A woman laying in bed in front of three laptops.", "a woman lying in bed a laptop and a window"]
["A picture of a living room that has a computer and a bicycle.", "Room containing corner of entertainment equipment and a bicycle", "A bicycle is in a living room next to some shelves.", "this is a living room with a bike and a desktop computer", "A bike that is sitting in a living room on the carpet."]
["A young boy standing on a grass covered field under a flying kite.", "A child walking in a park near kite flyers.", "A young child walks near a crowd of kite fliers.", "A group of people on a field at an outdoor festival.", "A group of people who are flying kites in a field."]
["A man and three children playing with a kite on the grass and other people riding bikes on a nearby road.", "A father and his three young children flying a kite.", "A man with three kids trying to fly a kite.", "a man playing with his kids with a kite", "A picture of some people playing with a kite."]
["An outdoor meeting with car in the parking lot and banners.", "a field full of windsocks and cars parked in the background", "there are many kites that are being flown in the sky", "A grassy area with lots of blowing objects in the wind.", "Cars parked near a picnic area with a couple of flags."]
["Kites being flown along the coast line in the morning", "People watch multi colored items fly above the beach.", "A beach where people are flying kites at sunset.", "A crowd  of people flying kites on the beach.", "A group of birds flying above the beach."]
["A walkway with groups of people flying kites beyond it.", "A field filled with people flying colorful kites in a blue sky.", "A photo taken from a boardwalk looking at kites in the sky.", "Many colorful kites flying in the sky over a boardwalk", "A man in a blue shirt crosses the bridge as a flurry of kites wave through the air in the background."]
["a baseball player hitting a baseball with a wooden bat", "A baseball player gets ready to hit the speeding ball.", "A baseball player is swinging a bat at a ball.", "A  man swinging a baseball bat over home plate.", "The player in red swings for the hit."]
["Several vanilla Cokes on a desk with a laptop.", "A desk covered with soda cans and a lap top is in the corner.", "Several sodas and a laptop sit on a desk. ", "A cluttered desk with things like magazines, cans of soda and a laptop", "Several soda cans sit on a computer desk near a laptop."]
["A kid in standing in the grass with kites flying above.", "THERE IS A CHILD STANDING ON THE GRASS LOOKING AT THE KITES IN THE SKY ", "The child is in the park watching all the kites.", "there is a small baby standing in a large field", "a baby standing in a field while people behind fly kites"]
["A laptop that is sitting under a lamp on a table.", "A laptop computer that is on a small desk.", "A laptop computer is open next to lit lamp.", "A small table and chair with a laptop on the table.", "a laptop is sitting on a small table"]
["A father holding his little child upside down.", "A man in blue shirt holding a baby upside down.", "A man holding a child upside down during the day.", "A man holding a little boy upside down on top of a park.", "a man is holding a baby upside down at a field"]
["a couple of people that are standing in a field", "A man walks through a field accompanied by two children.", "Small girl waking in front of her dad in an open field. ", "two people and a small child some grass and other people flying a kite", "A man, a woman and a child walking."]
["A person is flying a kite high in the air.", "A man flying a multi colored kite high in the air.", "Man in a hoodie looking up at a multi-colored kite. ", "a male wearing a gray sweat shirt is flying a kite", "a man playing with his kite as it flies through the sky"]
["a small clock that is sitting on a table", "a close up of a clock on a table ", "A large faced clock with large numbers on it", "A clock standing on a wood surface, with a polished metal frame, reads 11:06.", "The antique clock is sitting on the side of the wooden board."]
["A pair of personalized stuffed plush teddy bears", "Two brown teddy bears with name tags on them..", "Two teddy bears that are sitting next to each other.", "two little teddy bears with peoples names in tags", "two brown teddy bears with red name tags on them"]
["A red teddy bear with a crown is nailed to a pole.", "A red teddy bear on a pole wears a crown.", "A red teddy bear nailed to a telephone pole.", "A bear is hanging on a graffiti pole with a plastic crown on its head. ", "a little red teddy bear nailed to a pole"]
["A pitcher in baseball throws the ball to the hitter.", "A pitcher throws the ball to the batter in a game of baseball.", "A man holding a bat while standing next to a base.", "A man holding a bat at a baseball field.", "A pitcher sending a pitch towards the batter."]
["A baseball game being watched through a fence. ", "A player is up to bat on the baseball field. ", "A baseball game in progress with the batter up to plate.", "Pitcher is in mid motion of throwing baseball towards the batter", "A pitcher about to let the ball fly toward the opposing team's batter."]
["the batter taking a low swing at the ball", "A baseball playing hitting a ball in a game.", "A baseball player connects with the ball during a game.", "A man playing baseball leans in to hit the ball.", "A baseball player wearing red swings at a ball."]
["An old, burnt-out stove and oven on the street", "A stove top oven sitting on top of a parking lot.", "An old apartment stove sitting in the street.", "A worn down stove and oven sitting in a parking lot.", "An old stove that some one has thrown out in the garbage."]
["A clock sitting on top of a street sign.", "a clock sitting on a pole with a park in the background", "Clock atop of street signs with buildings and parks in the background", "A clock above directional street signs near a bridge and crowd of people.", "Signs are attached to a light pole, featuring a large clock."]
["A man swinging a golf club in a grassy area.", "a man holding a bat gets ready to hit a ball ", "A neatly groomed man in a black shirt and grey shorts pulls poses in a baseball stance with a golf club.", "A man with a golf club in his hands standing on grass.", "A man standing in a field holding a bat."]
["A teddy bear holding up miniature replica pizza boxes.", "A brown teddy bear covered in mini  pizza boxes.", "a close up of a stuffed animal holding pizza bozes", "Stuffed animal bear holding three small pizza boxes.", "The teddy bear is posed with pizza boxes."]
["A group of baseball players holding a bat.", "Baseball players in red and white uniforms playing a baseball game at the stadium.", "Two baseball players high five during a game.", "Two baseball players are raising their hands signaling agreement.", "A group of Major League Baseball Players during a game."]
["A professional baseball player hits the ball. ", "A baseball player and a catcher at home plate.", "A batter and catcher during a baseball game with people watching.", "A baseball player swinging a baseball bat at home plate.", "A baseball player standing next to home plate."]
["Baseball player standing in front of a fence holding a bat. ", "people playing baseball in the field with uniforms on", "A little league base ball player up to bat .", "A baseball player standing at the plate waiting for the pitch.", "A person on a large field playing baseball."]
["A baseball player swinging a bat at a baseball during a game.", "Baseball player taking a swing at a baseball.", "A baseball player holds a bat as the ball approaches him.", "Man in a white uniform swinging at a baseball. ", "A baseball player in a white uniform holds a bat as a baseball is in the air very near him."]
["A baseball player swinging their bat on the field", "A baseball player is going to hit a ball on home base. ", "Baseball players at home plate playing a game. ", "This is a game of professional baseball being played.", "The baseball player is up at bat on the field."]
["Batter and catcher playing in a game of baseball.", "A boy batting during a little league baseball game.", "Young boys are playing softball on a dirt field.", "A young boy in a baseball uniform standing at home plate ready to bat", "Boy attempts to hit a baseball with his bat."]
["A baseball player swinging a baseball bat during a baseball game.", "A baseball player swinging a bat with a catcher's hand behind him.", "A baseball player is in full swing while the catcher's glove is extended.", "A baseball player taking a swing at a ball", "A man having just swung his bat at a baseball"]
["a man that is swinging a baseball bat", "a person swinging a bat at a ball in a field ", "a man swinging his bat at a ball that has been pitched to him", "The man in jeans is swinging a bat at a baseball. ", "A man in striped shirt swinging a baseball bat."]
["Soriano lashes a double down the left field line ", "Two baseball players, one with trying to hit a ball while the other trying to catch the ball", "A player up to bat at a baseball game in a stadium.", "A professional baseball player swinging a bat during a game.", "A batter swings at the ball at a baseball game."]
["A pizza sitting on top of a pizza pan.", "The pizza is decorated in a fancy pattern.", "a large pizza with many colorful toppings on it", "A pizza crust with veggies on top sitting in a pan.", "A pizza with a decorative star pattern using onions, green peppers and tomatoes. "]
["a man placing a pizza inside an oven", "a man y to put a pizza in an oven", "A person taking a pizza out of an oven.", "A smiling man putting a pizza into the oven.", "there is a man that is taking a pizza out of the oven"]
["A group of tennis players on the court", "There are a bunch of people wearing pink shirts on the tennis court.", "many people in pink shirts stand on a tennis court", "Many people stand around a tennis court in pink shirts.", "A group of people wearing pink shirts preparing to play tennis."]
["Two slices of pizza have been placed on an plate on a coffee table.", "Two slices of pepperoni pizza on a white plate.", "Two pieces of pepperoni pizza on a plate", "Two pieces of pepperoni pizza on a plate.", "Two slices of  pizza are on a blue and white plate on a coffee table."]
["A wooden table topped with two pizzas and white plates.", "Two pizza pies, one cheese and one pepperoni, on a table.", "People sitting at a table with two different topping pizzas.", "A sliced panned pizza on a table ready to be served.", "Two pizzas are on a table with two people at it."]
["A little girl standing at a table in front of a pizza.", "A little girl that is making a pizza.", "Child looking at prepped ingredients for a meal lying on a cutting board.", "a young girl looking at a pizza on a pizza board", "A young girl reaches her hand above an uncooked pepperoni pizza."]
["a plate of pizza on the edge of a table", "A large pizza setting on a yellow tablecloth.\n", "A pizza is topped with black olives and onion.", "A thin crust pizza is topped with olives and onions.", "Large pizza sitting on a serving dish on top of a table. "]
["A young girl with a piece of pizza on a white plate", "The little girl sits at the table with a slice of pizza in a white plate.", "A little girl sitting in front of a plate of pizza.", "A girl sitting in front on a slice of pizza", "A little girl is sitting in a restaurant eating pizza."]
["these men are playing tennis on a court", "A man that is on a tennis court with a racquet.", "A man who is hitting a ball with a tennis racket.", "A man prepares to hit a tennis ball during a doubles match", "four guys on the tennis court pretending they can play tennis"]
["a man is serving in a game of tennis", "A person standing on a tennis court hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.", "In a four player game of tennis the back court player takes a high twist to return the ball.", "One tennis player jumps to hit the tennis ball on a court.", "Four playing a doubles games of tennis on a tennis court."]
["a pepperoni pizza with some green toppings and a fork", "A cheese, tomato and vegetable pizza on a metal plate.", "a close up of a pizza in a pan with cheese and vegetables on it", "A close up of a pizza with spinach and parmesan topping. ", "A pizza topped with arugula and Parmesan cheese."]
["A piece of lasagna with cheese and vegetable.", "The thick crust pizza is on a metallic tray. ", "A pizza with cheese, peppers, pepperonis and a melted cheese crust.", "A cut cooked pizza on a tray on a surface.", "Baked pizza displayed on serving platter for consumption."]
["A man swinging a tennis racquet at a ball.", "A person prepares to hit a tennis ball.", "there is a man that is playing tennis on the court", "a tennis player swinging a racket at a ball", "A man swinging a tennis racket at a tennis ball."]
["A white table topped with two pans of pizza and a black paper plate topped with a slice of pizza.", "A table with two trays on pizza on it", "Two partially pizzas are on a table, along with one slice of pizza on a plate.", "two pans of pizza on a plate on a table", "The two large pizzas have a slice taken from each."]
["A man standing on a tennis court holding a tennis racquet.", "A man is playing tennis on a red lit court.", "In the ruddy light of the setting sun, a tennis player prepares to return a serve.", "Man standing at the ready on a tennis court as the sun is going down.", "A man holding a tennis racket on a tennis court."]
["A man and woman play tennis on public courts.", "A man and woman play tennis outdoors. ", "A man and a woman are playing a game of tennis.", "A woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "The man and the woman are playing tennis."]
["a bunch of small children holding tennis rackets on a tennis court", "A number of views of children playing tennis.", "A collage of dark-haired women, men and children of both sexes in various states of tennis play.  ", "People of various ages play tennis, hold tennis balls and swing their racquets. ", "A collage of many tennis players at a tennis area"]
["Brown and golden clock sitting below a large window. ", "Inside the building there is a clock on the wall. ", "A decorative clock mounted on a wall below a decorative window.", "A clock on a white wall placed underneath a large window", "a clock on a wall under a window"]
["A large clock tower towering over a city on top of a hill.", "A city can be seen from a large clocktower window. ", "A large roman numeral clock is see through.", "A view of a city from a clock tower.", "A view of the city's skyline through a clock. "]
["Skewed clock tower standing behind an old misshaped building.", "An ancient building with a big clock tower is against the night sky.", "A pyramid like building with a clock tower in the background", "An old clock tower rises into the sky at night.", "A picture taken through a phone camera while the phone was vibrating."]
["a bunch of small pots with shrubbery and a pair of scicors laying near by", "Different sizes of clay pots, some filled with dirt.", "There are big planters and little planters next to each other.", "small pots of plants are being transplanted ", "Five tiny pots used to hold plants when they are small."]
["A white vase filled with pink flowers with green leaves.", "a large pot filled with pink flowers outside", "Bright red flowers in a pot on an outside pedestal.", "some flowers are in a white pot outside", "A planter that is standing on a stand."]
["A laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.", "A computer desk is cluttered with soda cans.", "A lap top is on a desk with a bunch of soda cans.", "It looks like this student is well-supplied with caffeine for an all-night cramming session.", "A table with a laptop, CD's and several Coca Cola cans on it."]
["A wooden table hosts older computers and an outdated laptop.", "Several computers, including a laptop, sit on a desk.", "A desk with a laptop and two computer monitors.", "There are three computers on the desk top.", "a desk with a laptop and three other monitors"]
["A girl sitting on a sofa in front of a laptop.", "A person that is wearing glasses and smiling as they sit on a sofa. ", "A young lady sitting on a couch in front of a laptop computer.", "A young girl sitting on a futon with her laptop.", "The girl is sitting on the couch with her laptop. "]
["there is a woman sitting on a bed using a lap top", "a woman in glasses using an apple fruit", "a girl in glasses is sitting at a laptop", "a woman sitting on the couch with her laptop", "a woman laying on a couch looking at a laptop"]
["A couple of laptop computers sitting on top of a table.", "A table full of laptops, files and paper work.", "There are four laptops open on the desk. ", "A table with many laptops and some headphones on it.", "Four laptops sitting on a cluttered desk with a phone and a pair of headphones."]
["A computer desk with a laptop and television by a window.", "A laptop on a desk in front of a window.", "a laptop computer in front of a window with indoor plants", "a desk with a laptop and a monitor", "A photo of a desk arrangement next to a window."]
["Two lap tops sitting next to each other on a computer desk", "Two laptops sit side by side on a table, one lap top is black and the other white.", "Two lap top computers sitting on a wooden table side by side.", "Two side by side laptop computers on a desk.", "Two laptop computers are on a brown desk."]
["A kitchen with an oven door open and stuff piled on it", "A desk that is covered in books and papers. There is a laptop on the desk.", "There are a lot of books and paper on a desk with a laptop in the middle. ", "A laptop on a table with notes and books all over the place.", "a little table covered with paperwork, books and a laptop "]
["Plates with food on, a cup of coffee, and plastic utensils on a wood table.", "A plate of food and a cup of coffee.", "A place setting of food consisting of stew, bread, coffee and cake.", "A wooden table set with food on paper plates.", "A plate of food, a piece of cake, and a cup of coffee are sitting on a wooden table."]
["The laptop is sitting close to the air conditioner.", "a white laptop and mouse on a table", "A laptop computer sitting on a table next to a plant and air conditioner.", "a laptop with a mouse sitting on a towel ", "a laptop and a mouse on a desk "]
["A woman pointing at a laptop sitting on the floor with a child.", "A lady with her son, who is using a laptop.", "A woman showing a little boy something on a lap top computer.", "A woman and her child are at a computer.", "A woman and a child sit on the floor and interact with a laptop placed in front of them."]
["An open laptop sits on a desk in front of a window.", "An Apple laptop sitting on a wooden desk.", "An Apple laptop sitting on a wooden desk in an office.", "An Apple laptop on a desk in an office ", "a desk with a laptop sitting on top of it "]
["A white glass vase filled with flowers on top of a table.", "A table hold a vase containing red flowers.", "A beige vase is with some orange flowers in it is sitting at the edge of a table.", "A vase with roses is sitting on a table", "A vase with ref flowers in it on a table."]
["A small boy pushes a pizza into an oven.", "small boy holding the end of a pizza peel by a brick oven", "A child putting raw bread into a fire oven", "A young boy holding a pizza paddle in to a brick oven fire", "Small child holding a metal rod towards a baking oven. "]
["Two laptop computers sitting on top of a desk.", "A pair of laptops that are turned on sitting on a desk.", "A desk with two laptops on it and both turned on.", "this is a desk with two computers on it", "two laptops side by side and a mouse"]
["a table that has a bunch of computers on it", "Several people work, at a large table, on their laptop computers.", "The meeting of the minds brings together the best men and women and their technological skills.", "Men are sitting at a table with laptops.", "A group of men sitting around a table using their computers."]
["A laptop and a keyboard on a desk.", "A computer monitor, keyboard, and tower with peripherals and plugs sit on a desk.", "A picture of a laptop and a desktop computer on a desk. ", "A computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "A table with a computer and other electronics on it. "]
["a guy with a phone in his hand.", "A hand holding cellphone with desk in background.", "an adult male holding a mobile phone with his left hand", "A hand holding a cell phone that is opened to the welcome screen.", "A left hand holding up a smart phone."]
["some microwaves with a few stickers on them", "Two microwaves stacked on top of each other.", "Two microwave ovens adorned with branding stickers stacked on the floor", "Two microwaves stacked on top of each other.", "Some black kitchen machines used for cooking food. "]
["A couple of shelves holding toaster ovens and a microwave.", "A microwave oven sitting on top of a shelf.", "A microwave on some counters in a room.", "A sign posted on a wall near toaster ovens and a microwave.  ", "Office signs help provide guidelines for shared appliances."]
["A toaster over with an innocent stuffed animal with a smile roasting into it's demise.", "A small smiling figurine sitting in an oven.", "a single stuffed toy sitting in an oven ", "A smiling stuffed toy in a toaster oven.", "A stuffed peanut toy sitting inside an oven."]
["a group of guys sitting around a table eating a meal", "Four young men surrounding a table with food on it.", "A group of boys, two wearing boy scout uniforms, dine in a cafeteria.", "Four young men eating together in a restaurant.", "some boys having some food at a table together "]
["A nightstand with a couole phones and watches and clocks on it.", "A wooden table topped with electronic devices and watches.", "a bunch of watches, cell phones and clocks on a table", "A table with several alarm clocks and watches on it.", "Phones, watches and clocks laying on a table."]
["A wooden table with teddy bears sitting around it.", "Three teddy bears are seated down with three bowls of porridge. ", "Three various sized stuffed bears sitting at a table with bowls of porridge.", "a table with two stuffed teddy bears sitting", "A table with two stuffed bears sitting in chairs."]
["the plate has a piece of fish on the side of it ", "A plate of fish and french fries is next to a plate of limes", "a plate with some fish and fries on it ", "A fish and fries on a plate during a restaurant setting meal.", "Fish and chips being served on a white plate with the actual fish tail still attached."]
["Small kitchen with wood cabinets, white refrigerator, microwave, and furnace", "a kitchen with light wood cabinets, a dark countertop, a silver microwave and white refrigerator", "A kitchen with a refrigerator, microwave and radiator.", "A white refrigerator in a very small kitchen.", "A kitchen with wooden cabinets and black counters."]
["A person sitting on the ground with a cell phone.", "A main with a long white beard sitting in the grass talking on his phone.", "An old man with a long beard in the grass.", "there is a man with a beard sitting in the grass ", "A man sitting in the grass and holding a cell phone."]
["a kitchen that has a stove and a microwave", "There is no image to describe at this time.", "There is a stove and cabinets in the kitchen.", "an empty kitchen with white cabinets, refrigerator and stovetop oven", "A small kitchen with white cabinets and appliances"]
["Four people standing around outside behind a house conversing.", "A group of people standing by a pot outside.", "People standing outside on a patio having a conversation.", "Three men and one woman are standing outside while one man looks at his phone.", "A group of people standing around a metal pan."]
["A man with a phone raised to his ear with other men.", "A Jewish man in traditional outfit using a cell phone", "A jewish man talking on a p hone while wearing scarfs.", "A man in shawl with bear on a cellphone.", "The man wearing glasses is talking on the cell phone."]
["A man wearing a black hat while talking on a phone.", "A man wearing a hat and talking on the phone", "A man in a fuzzy hat is talking on his cell phone.", "The man wearing a large black hat is using a cell phone. ", "A man wearing a black shirt and hat is talking on his cell phone"]
["a person holding onto a silver cell phone ", "A hand holding up a cellular phone in front of a computer keyboard, with several other phones lying on the desk.", "A person holding a cell phone next to many others.", "A hand holding a cell phone that has received a new message.", "a person holding up a cell phone next to a desk"]
["A person holding a cell phone in their hand with three other phones around. ", "A hand holding a cell phone that says insert sim on the screen.", "a person holds on to a cell phone ", "The man is working on several cell phones on the desk. ", "A person holding a smart phone in their left hand."]
["A person holding up a phone in their left  hand.", "A man is holding an open cell phone.", "Male hand holding an open flip style mobile phone.", "There is a person holding a cell phone in one hand.", "A flip cell phone that is open with icons being displayed."]
["A woman holding a phone up to her ear.", "A woman holds a cell phone to her ear.", "A woman holding a cell phone to her ear. ", "a close up of a person using a cell phone ", "A woman with glasses has a small phone to her ear."]
["A group of people is holding their cell phones up to the sky.", "A crowd of people standing underneath round lit orbs.", "A group of people are outside at night using their cell phones.", "a celebration with everyone holding up their cell phones", "people holding cell phones in the air at night."]
["A woman bent over talking on a cell phone.", "A woman that is bending over with a cellphone.", "A woman holding a phone up to her ear.", "A girl with her hair pulled back leaning over and talking on her phone.", "A ponytailed girl hunches over, cell phone clutched to her ear."]
["A woman with sunglasses is on her cell phone.", "A woman talking on a cell phone while wearing sun glasses.", "A woman talking on a cell phone wearing sunglasses with several people behind her.", "A woman talking on her cell phone in the sun ", "A woman in sunglasses is on her cellphone"]
["A man on a cell phone with a glass.", "THERE IS A MAN TALKING ON THE PHONE WITH SHADES ON ", "A man wearing sunglasses and a Black Label t-shirt is holding a cell phone to his left ear and a drink to his right ear.", "A man holds a beer and a cell phone up to his ears.", "A man is talking on a cell phone while holding a beer in his other hand."]
["There are two people sitting in a restaurant looking at cell phones.", "A couple both looking at their cell phones while sitting in a booth at a cafe", "An older man and woman sit in a restaurant booth using a cell phone.", "a male and a female and their cellphones", "Two people are sitting at a table at a restaurant.  The man in green is holding his cell phone and the woman in pink is holding hers."]
["A woman talking on a cellular phone with someone nearby.", "A woman using a cell phone while another person stands in the background.", "Woman sitting down talking on her cell phone", "A woman talking on her flip style cell phone", "A woman talking on a cell phone next to a person wearing a yellow shirt."]
["A man standing in a kitchen preparing food on a counter.", "A man is standing in the kitchen preparing food.", "The man is cooking his chicken for dinner.", "a man is making some food in a kitchen", "Middle aged man is preparing a turkey dinner."]
["A white kitchen stove with spices sitting on top.", "An older model kitchen stove with an attached hood.", "A white stove top oven sitting in a kitchen.", "A stove that has two ovens and two broilers on it. ", "A stove in the kitchen with a double oven and four burners on top."]
["A black chair sitting next to a refrigerator.", "The refrigerator is in the room with a couch and chair. ", "A fridge, couch, and chair in a room with a window.", "a living room with a couch a chair and a refrigerator", "A SMALL LIVING WITH REFRIGERATOR AND A DEEP FREEZER"]
["A steel fridge in a kitchen near a microwave", "A large stainless steel two door kitchen refrigerator.", "A new stainless steel refrigerator in a kitchen.", "Stainless refrigerator and microwave on the counter of a kitchen. ", "A stainless steel refrigerator with a freezer in a kitchen."]
["Many people are walking near some very colorful buildings. ", "A lot of people that are outside some buildings.", "A group of people walking around a public space.", "People crossing a large brick walkway alongside a line of buildings.", "A square in the city occupied by people."]
["A man with luggage in the hallway outside a small kitchen.", "a can of soda sitting next to a cutting board in the kitchen", "a refrigerator a stove a sink cabinets and a microwave", "A white refrigerator freezer sitting in a kitchen.", "A kitchen that has a refrigerator, oven, and sink in it."]
["Paper towels that are sitting on top of a refrigerator.", "A stainless steel side by side refrigerator in a home kitchen.", "a kitchen with refridgerator sitting on top of a tiled floor", "A kitchen that has a box sitting in front of a refrigerator.", "a tiled kitchen with a fridge inside of it "]
["A small grey refrigerator on wheels and a sand fan", "A standing, oscillating fan next to a silver refrigerator.  ", "A fan that is placed next to a refrigerator.", "A room with a fridge and floor fan.", "The fan is plugged into the wall next to a refrigerator."]
["A man peering into a refrigerator full of food.", "A man is looking into a home refrigerator", "A guy opens the refrigerator to look inside. ", "A man is looking inside of a refrigerator.", "Man with a black shirt on opening the door to a refrigerator. "]
["The refrigerator and the stove are both made of stainless steel.", "The new refrigerator and oven were placed in the empty kitchen.", "a metallic fridge in a large home kitchen", "A newly renovated kitchen with stainless silver appliances.", "The kitchen has a stove, refrigerator and dishwasher."]
["Several containers are on a shelf next to a mini-fridge on a counter.", "A kitchen that has a refrigerator and canned food.", "a silver box sitting in the corner of the room on a counter", "A small refrigerator sitting on top of a wooden counter.", "A refrigerator on a kitchen counter in trailer."]
["A roman numeral clock above a door to a building. ", "The black clock with the gold roman numerals won't be missed.", "Here is the wall of a building with a clock built in to it.", "there is a clock that is above the building doors", "a clock sitting above a set of double doors between some pillars "]
["Child cutting piece of pink paper with scissors.", "A person cutting a piece of paper with blue scissors.", "A pair of blue handled scissors being used to cut a piece of pink paper.", "A boy is cutting a string with scissors.", "A young boy is cutting a pink ribbon."]
["Large blue and gold clock on the side of the street.", "there is a blue structure with a clock an a sign", "A clock with a sign underneath it, that states its the finest street clock.", "A blue tower with a clock on it and a plaque underneath.", "A blue clock tower near a city street."]
["A tall brown building with a large white clock.", "The side of the red building has a clock.", "A large brick building has a clock at the top.", "a red brick building with a white and black clock", "A large brown brick building with a clock in it."]
["Large factory smoke towers shadowed by a large building behind them. ", "Buildings surrounding two tall, skinny towers in a busy area.", "Chimneys point to the sky on a clear, sunny day.", "2 smoke stacks rise over the power plant for a large building.", "A row of buildings with two industrial smoke stacks."]
["Tall tower with a clock in the front near a sunny sky.", "A large church clock tower with a pointy top.", "A building made of stone with a clock in the center.", "A church steeple with a clock with Roman Numerals on it.", "an old brick building with a clock built inside the wall"]
["The clock has been made with great detail.", "A clock is sitting on top of a table.", "An old clock is on top of some furniture", "A gold and black clock sitting on a cloth on a shelf.", "An ornate metal clock with clawed feet on display."]
["A clock sitting on top of a wooden table next to a window.", "A decorate white, gold and black clock on shelf.", "A clock sitting on a shelf perhaps a fireplace mantel.", "The large antique clock sits on a wooden counter.", "A very fancy wooden mantle clock with ornate design."]
["A clock sitting on top of a wooden mantle.", "A clock placed in front of a mirror on a wooden area.", "an antique wooden clock sitting on a mantle", "A large clock on a mantle by a mirror.", "a clock sitting on a mantel in front of a mirror "]
["A large clock is mounted to the side of a building.", "A clock tower ascending towards the sky on sunny day", "a building with a clock sitting near the top of it ", "A photo of a clock tower has a filter.", "A picture of a building with a clock on it."]
["Several buildings right next to each other on a stet with a lot of people on it. ", "In a foreign country, a group of tourists gather around to see the sights.", "A city block filled with lots of tall buildings.", "a large building with a tower and some people all around it", "a number of people walking near many buildings "]
["A small round clock atop an ornate old building.", "A clock inset in molding on top of an apartment building.", "A stately building displays an authentic rooftop clock.", "a clock on top of a tall building with a sky in the background", "An old church building with a clock and cross depicted on the top."]
["Table setting for two with vase of flowers and candle.", "A VERY ROMANTIC TABLE SETTING FOR TWO PEOPLE.", "Food is served on a plate near a vase.", "A table is set with two plates of food and a candle.", "Dinner for two along with flowers and candles."]
["THERE IS AN IMAGE OF A BUILDING ON THE GRASS ", "The view of a large building with columns and a clock tower in the distance across from a green field with trees.", "Across a grassy field and lot of trees in the landscape is a tower and a building that has six pillars in the front.", "A large grass field with a monument in the middle", "a large building near sculptures in a grassy area"]
["Tall clock tower with bells above the treeline", "A clock tower juts into the air amongst trees", "a very tall tower that has a clock on top", "A very tall clock tower with a clock on each of it's sides.", "a tall narrow tower with clocks on the side "]
["A large clock standing over a planted flower bed", "The clock is built on a pole near the metal fence.", "A clock behind a fenced in area in a city setting.", "A big building with a pillar in the compound on which a clock is attached.", "Large clock sitting on top of a black post in a park. "]
["Two plates that have food on them sitting on a table.", "This is a picture if a plate if breakfast fooda", "Some plates filled with some very tasty looking food..", "A table with two plates of yummy food", "The chocolate brownie is the most desirable thing to eat. "]
["A trio of clocks are attached to the semi-circular frame by wires.", "An arched wire sign sculpture has three clocks.", "An art sculpture with three street clocks combined together under and arch and held together in the air.", "Three clocks set to different times suspended from an arch.", "A group of three clocks handing from wires."]
["A black teddy bear holding an automatic pistol pointing at a stuffed toy sheep.", "Two stuffed animals sitting beside each other on a chair. ", "A black teddy bear points a gun at a stuffed animal sheep.", "Two stuffed animals sitting on a bed with a white comforter.", "A teddy bear holding a gun aimed at a stuffed sheep "]
["The silhouette of people is seen against the inside of an outside large clock.", "A group of people are standing around a large clock.", "A black and white picture of some people by a clock", "A black and white photo is shown of a backside of a large clock.", "Black and white photograph of people standing inside of a clock tower."]
["A very tall clock tower towering over a city.", "a building with a big sign in the front of it", "a house very big showing a city clock", "A bridge with the name Lackawanna stands in front of a tall clock tower.", "A large port building with a clock tower in it."]
["A vase with flowers in it sitting near trees. ", "some plants are in a blue vase on a table", "A blue vase with some flower and greens sits on a table.", "A close up of a blue vase with flowers on a table.", "Here is a picture of an outside spot. \n"]
["A green bottle with a label on it with a plant growing inside.", "A green glass drink bottle used as a vase for a plant", "A green plant is growing inside of a green bottle.", "A plant that is inside of a beer bottle.", "A close-up of a beer bottle as a vase with a flower in it."]
["Three white rock vases on a table with yellow flowers.", "Yellow flowers sitting in white glass vases on a table.", "Flowers in various vases are sitting on the counter.", "three groups of yellow flowers in vases on table", "Yellow chrysanthemums are arranged in two white holders."]
["A vase with a bird on it and a matching wineglass with flowers on it.", "A wine glass and matching vase have similar art work.", "A brown glass vase with a parrot on it, and a brown glass goblet with a flower on it.", "A vase and glass with decorative paintings on them.", "A vase and a wine glass are standing next to each other."]
["A teddy bear sitting by a flower, coffee bag and a religious statue.", "Pictures, a candle, a single flower and a stuffed bear on a table.", "Personal mementos on a table laid out as a shrine", "A small teddy bear sits on a table with several other items.", "A teddy bear that is sitting next to some item on a table."]
["A stuffed bear and a vase by a headstone.", "A brown teddy bear holding a glass vase in front of a grave.", "A stuffed animal is in she snow in front of a tombstone.", "A gravestone with a vase and stuffed animal on it.", "A stuffed animal and a vase by a gravestone."]
["A bear made out of gummy bears sitting on a counter.", "The girl looks longingly at the teddy bear made with gummy candies that sits in the window.", "Gummy bear constructed out of gummy bears. sitting on a display.", "The colorful bear is made out of candy.", "A bear made out of gummy bears in a candy store."]
["A group of teddy bears sitting around a table sharing drinks.", "Teddy bears sitting at a table with drinking glasses on it with more teddy bears in the background.", "many stuffed teddy bears seated on chairs around a table", "some teddy bears sitting in chairs around a table", "Several bear in chairs sitting around a table."]
["A woman on a bench is hugging a giant teddy bear.", "A woman has her face close to a large stuffed bear.", "A woman hods a stuffed pig close to her", "A woman gives a snuggle to a  large teddy bear wearing an apron.", "A woman poses with a large teddy bear."]
["A basket with a stuffed teddy bear hangs outside.", "A teddy bear in a basket next to a small soccer ball.", "A teddy bear with a ball hanging in a basket.", "A teddy bear is stuffed in a basket that hangs on a rail. ", "A stuffed animal teddy bear in a basket."]
["A white bowl on top of a plate filled with food.", "A bowl of oatmeal with nuts displayed on a dining table.", "A dinner tables with plates, beverage and utensils.", "A dining table has breakfast cereal in a bowl.", "Food on a table prepared to it with beverages."]
["a white plate with some pancakes butter and syrup", "a plate with some pancakes on it ", "A plate with pancakes, syrup, grits, and butter", "The breakfast is ready to be eaten on the table.", "A plate with pancakes, syrup and butter on it on a table. "]
["A full English breakfast and tea sits atop a wooden table.", "The plate of barbecue has baked beans on it.", "A plate of food that includes beans, eggs, sausage, and toast.", "The plate is filled with tasty looking foods.", "White plate of meat,beans and an egg with coffee."]
["The plates of food are ready to serve.", "A view of a bunch of food sitting on a restaurant counter.", "Plates of salads and fruits are lined up on a counter. ", "Plates on a bar with food and drink on top of them.", "A number of white plated filled with food in a restaurant."]
["a plate consisting of beef and gravy ", "THIS IS A PARTIALLY EATEN TRAY OF FOOD", "A dish with blue trim, on a black and red tray with food covered in brown gravy.", "White and blue plate with me and vegetables sitting on the table. ", "A bowl that has food and a spoon in it."]
["A white plate topped with different breakfast foods.", "A breakfast plate with bacon, eggs, sausage and more.", "On the plate is eggs,tomatoes sausage, and some bacon.", "This breakfast has an egg, two sausage, tomatoes, potatoes, bacon, and ham.", "a plate an egg tomato and sausage on it "]
["A white plate with sausage, eggs and other meat.", "different kinds of food on a plate with a fork\n", "A breakfast plate with two eggs, sausages, bacon, a burnt bagel and a tomato slice.", "A plate of sausage, bacon, eggs and tomato.", "A white plate holds breakfast items like an egg, tomato, sausage, and some bacon. "]
["Sandwich next to cooked bacon on plate with hot beverage.", "A breakfast plate with pancakes and bacon and coffee.", "There is a sandwich and bacon on a white plate.", "A white plate topped with a pile of bacon and an egg sandwich.", "A plate with a sandwich and bacon with a cup of coffee to the side."]
["A close up of an sandwich and soup on a wooden table.", "People enjoying a picnic with food and tea outside.", "A table topped with plates of food and drinks.", "A wood table has soup, drinks, and bread on it.", "A picnic table is loaded with food and drinks."]
["a table near a body of water with many plates of food ", "Outside table with plastic chairs and plates of food.", "A green table filled with trays and plates of food.", "A table with food out by the lake.\n", "a table full of bread French fries salad and glasses"]
["A group of people sitting at a table eating food.", "The lady is eating  diferent kinds of food", "A group of people eating at a dining table. ", "a table full of food and a lady taking a bite of bread", "Group of people eating from bowls of food on wooden table.  "]
["A basket of food containing a piece of chicken and some waffle fries.", "a bunch of food is laying on a plate", "Fish and chips were served with a side of greens", "Fish, fries, and a salad are sitting grouped  together as a meal.", "Waffle fries and sandwiches made with waffle halves"]
