["A man with a red helmet on a small moped on a dirt road. ", "Man riding a motor bike on a dirt road on the countryside.", "A man riding on the back of a motorcycle.", "A dirt path with a young person on a motor bike rests to the foreground of a verdant area with a bridge and a background of cloud-wreathed mountains. ", "A man in a red shirt and a red hat is on a motorcycle on a hill side."]
["A woman wearing a net on her head cutting a cake. ", "A woman cutting a large white sheet cake.", "A woman wearing a hair net cutting a large sheet cake.", "there is a woman that is cutting a white cake", "A woman marking a cake with the back of a chef's knife. "]
["A child holding a flowered umbrella and petting a yak.", "A young man holding an umbrella next to a herd of cattle.", "a young boy barefoot holding an umbrella touching the horn of a cow", "A young boy with an umbrella who is touching the horn of a cow.", "A boy holding an umbrella while standing next to livestock."]
["A young boy standing in front of a computer keyboard.", "a little boy wearing headphones and looking at a computer monitor", "He is listening intently to the computer at school.", "A young boy stares up at the computer monitor.", "a young kid with head phones on using a computer "]
["a boy wearing headphones using one computer in a long row of computers", "A little boy with earphones on listening to something.", "A group of people sitting at desk using computers.", "Children sitting at computer stations on a long table.", "A small child wearing headphones plays on the computer."]
["A woman in a room with a cat.", "A girl smiles as she holds a cat and wears a brightly colored skirt.", "a woman is holding a cat in her kitchen", "A woman is working in a kitchen carrying a soft toy.", "A woman is holding a cat in her kitchen."]
["A young girl inhales with the intent of blowing out a candle. ", "A young girl is preparing to blow out her candle.", "A kid is to blow out the single candle in a bowl of birthday goodness. ", "Girl blowing out the candle on an ice-cream ", "A little girl is getting ready to blow out a candle on a small dessert."]
["A commercial stainless kitchen with a pot of food cooking. ", "Some food sits in a pot in a kitchen. ", "A kitchen has all stainless steel appliances and counters.", "a kitchen with a sink and many cooking machines and a pot of food", "Food cooks in a pot on a stove in a kitchen."]
["Two men wearing aprons working in a commercial-style kitchen.", "Chefs preparing food in a professional metallic style kitchen.", "Two people standing around in a large kitchen.", "A commercial kitchen with two men working to prepare several plates.", "two men in white shirts in a large steel kitchen"]
["Two chefs in a restaurant kitchen preparing food. ", "Two cooks are cooking the food someone ordered at this restaurant", "The chef is cooking with pans on the stove next to an oven. ", "Two men that are standing in a kitchen.", "Two cooks are near the stove in a stainless steel kitchen."]
["this is a very dark picture of a room with a shelf", "a cluttered room with a table and shelf on the wall.", "A view of a messy room, with shelves on the wall.", "A dark and cluttered storage area with wood walls.", "A dim lit room consisting of many objects put together. "]
["A kitchen filled with black appliances and lots of counter top space.", "some brown cabinets a black oven a tea kettle and a microwave", "A small kitchen with glass and wooden cabinets.", "A modern style kitchen filled with may different items.", "A kitchen with wooden cabinets and black appliances."]
["A professional kitchen filled with sinks and appliances.", "A kitchen area with toilet and various cleaning appliances.", "A commercial dish washing station with a toilet in it.", "A toilet and mop bucket in a kitchen.", "A cluttered room with a sink, a toilet and in industrial mop bucket."]
["A man on a bicycle riding next to a train", "A person is riding a bicycle but there is a train in the background.", "a red and white train and a man riding a bicycle", "a guy that is riding his bike next to a train", "A man riding a bike past a train traveling along tracks."]
["A narrow kitchen filled with appliances and cooking utensils.", "A galley kitchen with cabinets and appliances on both sides", "A hallway leading into a white kitchen with appliances.", "Doorway view of a kitchen with a sink, stove, refrigerator and pantry.", "The pantry door of the small kitchen is closed."]
["A kitchen with wood floors and lots of furniture.", "A beautiful, open kitchen and dining room area features an island in the center and wood cabinets and large windows.", "A kitchen made of mostly wood with a small desk with a laptop.", "A very spacious room with a kitchen and dining area.", "A full view of an open kitchen and dining area."]
["A woman eating vegetables in front of a stove.", "A woman forks vegetables out of a bowl into her mouth. ", "Woman eating an assortment of mixed vegetables in a bowl.", "A young woman standing in a kitchen eats a plate of vegetables.", "A woman eating fresh vegetables from a bowl."]
["A kitchen is shown with a variety of items on the counters.", "A kitchen has the windows open and plaid curtains.", "A kitchen with two windows and two metal sinks.", "An older kitchen with cluttered counter tops but empty sink.", "Glasses and bottles are placed near a kitchen sink."]
["A boy performing a kickflip on his skateboard on a city street.", "A man is doing a trick on a skateboard", "A guy jumps in the air with his skateboard beneath him.", "Man in all black doing a trick on his skateboard.", "A skateboarder flipping his board on a street."]
["A kitchen with a stove, microwave and refrigerator.", "A refrigerator, oven and microwave sitting in a kitchen.", "The kitchenette uses  small space to great efficiency.", "an image of a kitchen setting with black appliances", "A kitchen with cabinets, a stove, microwave and refrigerator."]
["A group of people riding on the back of a loaded red pickup truck.", "A truck with a number of people and things in the back", "Men are crowded on the back of a small overloaded pickup truck.", "An old pick up truck over loaded with people and cargo.", "A truck carries a large amount of items and a few people."]
["A wooden ball on top of a wooden stick.", "The table is full of wooden spoons and utensils.", "A wood table holding an assortment of wood cooking utensils.", "A selection of wooden kitchen tools on a counter.", "Wooden spoons are lined up on a table"]
["Multiple wooden spoons are shown on a table top.", "A table surrounded by chairs and filled with cooking utensils.", "Wooden spoons laid out across a kitchen table.", "Wooden spoons and forks are all over a table.", "A table and chairs with wooden kitchen tools on top."]
["A large boat filled with mean on wheels.", "A bunch of people aboard a boat with wheels. ", "A boat is being rolled on a trailer", "A large boat full of men is sitting on a cart ", "A boat full of people is on a trailer with wheels."]
["several young students working at a desk with multiple computers", "A young man at his workstation examines the monitor of a lap top, with one hand on the keyboard and the other on the mouse.", "A man is working on a laptop next to other computers.", "People in a large room, use multiple computers.", "A young professional is working at his laptop while his coworker is reading material."]
["A man riding an elephant into some water of a creek.", "man riding an elephant into water surrounded by forest", "A man riding an elephant in a river.", "A man in a brown shirt rides an elephant into the water.", "A man rides an elephant into a river."]
["a couple of women  are in a kitchen", "Two people standing in the kitchen of a home.", "A group of people who are around a kitchen counter.", "A group of people prepare dinner in the kitchen.", "two women in a kitchen bottles and lights"]
["The woman in the kitchen is holding a huge pan.", "A chef carrying a large pan inside of a kitchen.", "A woman is holding a large pan in a kitchen. ", "A woman cooking in a kitchen with granite counters.", "A woman cooking in her kitchen with a black pan."]
["A baby is laying down with a teddy bear.", "A baby laying in a crib with a stuffed teddy bear.", "A baby wearing gloves, lying next to a teddy bear", "A baby stares to the left while taking a picture with a teddy bear lays beside it .", "A baby lies on blue and green bedding next to a teddy bear."]
["Two bikers, one in front of a building, the other in the city.", "Two shots of men riding bicycles down city streets.", "A man riding a bike in front of a tall building.", "There are two different people riding bikes down the street.", "Two photos of a person riding a bicycle on the side of the road."]
["People riding bicycles down the road approaching a bird.", "three bicycle riders some trees and a pigeon", "A geoup of people on bicycles coming down a street.", "Several smiling bicycle riders approaching a colorful pigeon.", "A pigeon greets three bicyclists on a park path"]
["A little girl holding a kitten next to a blue fence.", "Girl in a tank top holding a kitten in her back yard", "A young girl is holding a small cat.", "Girl with a yellow shirt holding a small cat", "A girl smiles as she holds a kitty cat."]
["A toilet and a sink in small bathroom.", "a bathroom with just a toliet and a sink in it", "A small section of a bathroom with dim lighting.", "a bathroom with a toilet, sink, cabinet and mirror", "The bathroom has been cleaned and is ready to use. "]
["A bicycle store shows two males leaning toward a bike.", "A man adjust a bicycle in a bike shop with a child.", "The bike shop employee is helping a customer. ", "A man and a boy are talking about a bicycle in a store.", "Two people in a shop looking at a bike."]
["A shower stall with interesting tile is the focal point.", "A full perspective of a washroom with a sink. \n", "A white bathroom sink sitting under a mirror.", "I picture of a bathroom with a stand up shower stall and a person's reflection in the mirror.", "A small shower behind a small bathroom sink."]
["A view of a very large bathroom with mirrored walls.", "a corner bathroom with two sinks and a bathtub", "A bathroom with a sink, shower and bathtub.", "A large bathroom with cabinets, mirrors and a tub.", "This bathroom has mirrors on the doors, cabinets, and a bathtub in the corner."]
["a long beige bathroom with a door to a bedroom and another to the hallway", "A view of a bathroom with double sinks and carpeted floor.", "white vanity that opens up to a bathroom with shower", "a hallway with diamond patterned walls leading to a bathroom and a bedroom", "A bathroom with a large sink and mirror opens onto a room with the toilet and bathtub."]
["The view of a large bathroom with a walk in closet.", "A bathroom with a walk-in closet and a jacuzzi tub.", "A white and beige tiled bathroom and adjoining walk-in closet.", "White tiled bathroom with a vanity tub and white flowers.", "Long shot of a bathroom includes closet and tub."]
["A white toilet sitting next to a green wall under a picture.", "The letter A framed in a green bathroom.", "There is a potted plant on the back of a toilet", "A white toilet and some tissue in a room.", "A commode with a plant on it under a picture on the wall."]
["A bathroom with an enclosed shower next to a sink and a toilet.", "A clean, spacious bathroom with a large shower stall.", "There are a toilet, a sink, and a shower stall in a large bathroom.", "A bathroom featuring a walk in shower, mirror, sink and toilet.", "Bathroom with a shower, sink, and toilet in it. "]
["people on bicycles ride down a busy street ", "A group of people are riding bikes down the street in a bike lane", "bike riders passing Burger King in city street", "A group of bicyclists are riding in the bike lane.", "Bicyclists on a city street, most not using the bike lane"]
["This is an image of the inside of a nice bathroom.", "A white toilet next to a walk in shower and a sink.", "A potted plant is being displayed in a bathroom.", "A tiled bathroom with a potted plant as a center piece.", "Interior bathroom scene with modern furnishings including a plant."]
["Two dogs are looking up while they stand near the toilet in the bathroom.", "Two small dogs standing in a restroom next to a toilet.", "Two dogs looking up at a camera in a bathroom.", "Two small lap dogs in a small bathroom.", "Two small dogs stand together in a bathroom."]
["A bathroom with a walk in shower currently under repair.", "A photograph of a bathroom undergoing major renovations.", "Interior shot of bathroom in the process of remodeling.", "Picture of bathroom being remolded where sink has not been installed. ", "A room under construction with an unfinished shower and plumbing for the sink."]
["The bathroom is clean for the guests to use. ", "A bath and a sink in a room.", "A bathroom area with tub, sink and standup shower.", "a view of a bathroom which is covered in tiles.", "A kitchen is shown with a tub and a sink."]
["A white bath tub sitting next to a bathroom sink.", "There is a bathtub and a counter in a bathroom.", "A bathroom with a tub and shower and a sink.", "This is a shower and bathtub without a shower curtain. ", "A bathroom that has a mirror and a bathtub."]
["A full view of a shower with glass.", "A walk in shower with a hand held shower head.", "A bathroom shower stall with a shower head.", "a glass walled shower in a home bathroom", "a see through glass shower in a bathroom "]
["A toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a sink.", "A toilet in a bathroom with green faded paint.", "A bathroom with a gouged wall and wall socket with no panel. ", "The toilet is near the door in the bathroom.", "The bathroom wall needs to be resurfaced and painted."]
["Blue dust pan and brush on floor next to white commode.", "A toilet in a low budget bathroom with a rough floor.", "a close up of a toilet and a dust pale", "A clean toilet in a bathroom with a cement floor.", "a bathroom with a blue dustpan and broom on the floor "]
["A bathroom with a sink and toilet and a window.", "A white bathroom with white fixtures and tile floor", "A small white toilet sitting next to a sink.", "Small bathroom with a toilet, shower, and small mirror. ", "A bathroom contains a toilet and a sink."]
["There are two sinks next to two mirrors.", "Two very metallic sinks are shown as well as the mirrors above them.", "A room with stainless steel equipment including sinks and mirrors.", "Two stainless steel sinks with mirrors and a fire extinguisher. ", "A photo of a bathroom made of steel."]
["A large porcelain toilet posed with a tan flower pot. ", "A toilet is sitting on the ground next to a plant.", "A toliet sitting on a curb in front of a house.", "A white toilet sits on the front lawn.", "A white toilet sitting on a sidewalk outside."]
["a gray bicycle is locked to some metal doors", "A bike that is padlocked to a wall.", "The bicycle is locked on the green, metal wall. ", "A bike chained to the doors of a building ", "A bike is locked and hanging from a door."]
["A woman rides a bicycle on a road next to the median.", "A girl is riding her bike down the street.", "A lady riding her bicycle on the side of a street.", "A person on a bike riding on a street.", "A woman riding a bike down a street next to a divider."]
["A man takes a picture in the bathroom mirror\n", "a person taking a photo in a mirror ", "A man taking a picture of a bathroom.", "A bathroom sink sitting under a bathroom mirror.", "A man takes a picture of his reflection in a mirror. "]
["A bathroom with a white toilet sitting next to a bathroom sink.", "A bathroom vanity and toilet in a public restroom.", "A view of a bathroom shows a toilet, sink and mirror.", "A modern looking bathroom has a toilet and a sink. ", "This bathroom has brown counter tops and a white toilet"]
["A bathroom with two sinks and a shower.", "a big bathroom that has some sinks in it", "Bathroom vanity with double sinks and large mirrors.", "A bathroom with sinks mirrors and tile flooring.", "A bathroom that has two sinks next to each other."]
["The bathroom is clean and ready to be used. ", "a small bathroom with a sink and a toilet.", "A toilet, sink and mirror in the bathroom", "Doorway view into bathroom with a sink and toilet.", "A white toilet sitting next to a sink."]
["A bath tub sitting next to a sink in a bathroom.", "The bathroom is clean and ready for us to use.", "a bath tub sitting next to a sink ", "A bathroom that has a shower curtain over a bathtub.", "A bathroom with multicolored tile, bathtub and pedestal sink."]
["an image of a cars driving on the highway", "A section of traffic coming to a stop at an intersection.", "A bunch of cars sit at the intersection of a street.", "This is a picture of traffic on a very busy street.", "A busy intersection filled with cars in asia"]
["This shot is of a crowded highway full of traffic", "there are many taxi cabs on the road", "A city street with lots of traffic and lined with buildings.", "Heavy city traffic all going in one direction", "Many cars stuck in traffic on a high way"]
["Mirror view of a bathroom with a sink and tub.", "mirror reflection of sink and the tub next to it.", "A bathroom mirror has the reflection of the sink and bathtub.", "The bathroom is very small with white fixtures. ", "A sink is shown in a small bathroom"]
["A city street filled with traffic and parking lights.", "A full view of a late evening with many cars parked on the street.", "A very dark street with cars and many wires above.", "A car's break lights glow as it waits at a red-light at an intersection.", "A street scene with cars, street signs, and many high wires."]
["A white toilet and a sink in a room.", "White bathroom area with a blue and white shower curtain. ", "Small bathroom area with a blue and white shower curtain hanging. ", "A bath tub shower sitting next to a toilet.", "A toilet with a sink and the door opened", "a small white bathroom with a curtain for the shower"]
["A bathroom sink shapped like a glass bowl.", "A man that is standing with a mug in front of a mirror.", "a man  taking a picture of himself in a bathroom mirror", "A man standing in a bathroom taking a picture of his self in the mirror with his cell phone", "a man taking a selfie in a little bathroom mirror "]
["A door opens to a bare, white bathroom. ", "A varying palette of neutrals in a bathroom awaits the softening of the cabinetry.", "A bathroom with a tile floor, bathtub and shower and no shower curtain.", "A bathroom is shown with a shower and a toilet.", "A beige and white three piece bathroom with no shower curtain."]
["A row of parked cars sitting next to parking meters.", "A row of cars parked on a street with parking meters.", "A series of parking meters and cars are located next to each other. ", "A parking meter on a street by a car with traffic.", "A parking meter on a street with cars"]
["An elegant bathroom features a tub, sink, mirror, and decorations. ", "An old fashion above ground tub is shown with gold feet.", "A lovely, vintage-styled bathroom with a great claw-footed tub. ", "Bathroom with a pedestal sink and claw foot bathtub", "A claw foot tub is in a large bathroom near a pedestal sink."]
["A clean bathroom is seen in this image.", "A bathroom with a white toilet and large shelf full of stuff.", "some shelves filled with a bunch of different items in the bathroom\n", "A shelving unit is between a toilet and a bathroom sink. ", "A shelf with hygiene products in a bathroom.\n"]
["A bathroom sink sitting under a large mirror.", "A bathroom with a vanity cabinet on the wrong wall", "A small beige bathroom with an additional medicine cabinet.", "A bathroom sink with a mirror and medicine cabinet.", "THERE IS A BATHROOM WITH A SINK AND A MIRROR"]
["A white urinal mounted to a bathroom wall.", "A pair of kitchen tongs on top of a urinal.", "Bathroom urinal with kitchen tongs on top behind plumbing.", "A urinal in a bathroom with tongs on top of it.", "a metal thing is sitting on top of a urinal"]
["A glazed donut hanging from a metal rod.", "A tasty looking treat hanging on a car antenna.", "A donut on the antenna of a car.", "A donut put around an antenna on a car ", "There is a donut sitting on the car."]
["An orange striped tabby cat laying on top of a red vehicle's wheel.", "a cat with a big fluffy tail sitting on top of a car tire ", "A cat sitting on a wheel of a vehicle.", "A cat hiding in a fender well of a car. ", "An orange cat hiding on the wheel of a red car."]
["A large jetliner flying over a traffic filled street.", "An airplane flies low in the sky over a city street. ", "An airplane flies over a street with many cars.", "An airplane comes in to land over a road full of cars", "The plane is flying over top of the cars"]
["A silver and red bus in parking lot next to cars.", "A silver bus that is parked in a lot.", "An older picture of a bus and other vehicles in a parking lot. ", "An old bus parks in a parking lot with other cars and bus.", "An older silver metro bus in a parking lot."]
["A red helmet is on a yellow toilet in the dirt.", "A yellow toilet with a red helmet on top of it.", "A yellow toilet with a red helmet above it.", "A toilet sitting in an outdoor area with a helmet resting on top of it.", "An old toilet sits in dirt with a helmet on top."]
["a little kid riding a skateboard at a park", "A child playing on a skateboard in a park.", "A girl stepping onto a skateboard in the playground", "A young lady riding a skateboard across a street.", "The kid is skateboarding on the street while wearing a jacket."]
["A young man wearing black attire and a flowered tie is standing and smiling.", "A man with glasses and his eyes closed dressed in a black shirt and a necktie.", "A man in a green tie with his eyes closed.", "Smiling man wearing black shirt and pale green tie.", "A person that is dressed up very nicely."]
["A car with some surfboards in a field.", "The old fashioned car is carrying some retro surfboards.", "An old car with surfboards on the top.", "An old vehicle painted light blue and dark blue.", "An old station wagon with a surfboard on top of it."]
["A person on a street next to a motor bike.", "A cop standing next to a police bike next to a man sitting on a  curb.", "A man sits on the sidewalk next to a police motorcycle with a police officer in the background.", "A man that is sitting down next to a cops motorcycle.", "A man is sitting on the sidewalk while a police officer is doing something behind him."]
["A man looking down with a backpack on in a house.", "THERE IS A MAN WITH BOOK BAG ON HIS BAG ", "a person standing in a stone walled and floored room wearing a backpack ", "A guy standing in a very dark room with a small window.", "A man in a stone room possibly using the bathroom"]
["A cat on the lid of a toilet looking perturbed.", "A blurry picture of a cat standing on a toilet.", "A cat standing on the toilet bowl seat", "A cat is perched on the top of a toilet seat in the bathroom.", "A cat standing on a toilet with an open lid."]
["A toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a mirror.", "A small bathroom with the toilet seat up.", "The toilet seat was left in the up position.", "A door open revealing a small bathroom with sink and toilet.", "A toilet and a sink in a small bathroom."]
["Bathroom with white fixtures, tiles and corner shower.", "A white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a shower.", "Bathroom shot of non transparent shower glass and toilet.", "An all white bathroom with a shower, toilet and sink.", "A plain white bathroom with a sink, shower, and toilet."]
["An older building with birds flying near it.", "A church with a high spire and decorative roof tiles.", "A large clock tower towering over a small city.", "Picture of a church and its tall steeple.", "Birds fly around a tall building with a clock."]
["a motorcycle in a driveway with a vanity license plate ", "Two luxurious motor bikes on the road near a hedge.", "a close up of a motorcycle license plate", "A motor bike parked on the side of the road.", "The back of a motorcycle showing the wheel, license plate and lights. "]
["A picture of a wooden container with crosses on it.", "a close up of wood decorated with crosses", "close up of a wooden base with crosses designed on the neck", "A close up shut off some sort of religious object. ", "A shiny wooden object is decorated with crosses."]
["There is a man picking bananas next to a street.", "A man standing over several bunches of green bananas.", "A man attending to several bundles of banana's as a motorcycle rides by.", "A guy grabbing a stack of bananas from a pile on the side of the road.", "A man standing over some bundles of bananas"]
["A restroom has a toilet and a decorative sun wall plaque.", "A picture of a very nice and white toilet.", "A bathroom with a white toilet in the middle of the wall and a sun wall decor above it.", "A bath room with a sun decoration above the toilet", "A bathroom has a sun decal on the wall."]
["some horses grazing in front of a church", "Three horses on a green pasture with an old building in the background.", "A filed with brown horses standing next to a church.", "Three horses are grazing in a field in front of an old church.", "horses eating grass in a field with trees in the background"]
["A horse drawn carriage is parked along the curb.", "A horse drawn carriage is in front of an old large building.", "A pair of horses carrying a carriage that is parked by a street.", "A horse drawn carriage parked on the street.", "People walking pass a horse drawn carriage sitting at the curb"]
["a toilet on the ground outdoors in front of a house", "A toilet sitting in the middle of the road beside a home. ", "A toilet on the pavement in front of a house, the tank lid lying discarded.", "An old looking toilet sitting out on the side walk.", "A toilet sitting in front of someones house. "]
["The shiny motorcycle is being shown on a display.", "A motor bike parked inside of a building.", "A parked motorcycle sitting next to a crowd.", "White motorcycle on display inside a building with people looking on. ", "A motorcycle sits displayed in a large shopping area."]
["Horses graze in front of a large building amid snow.", "Several horses eating grass around melting a snow spot", "some horses eating grass by a big house", "Horses grazing in a field by a large home.", "A couple of horses grazing in front of an estate."]
["A large clock tower with a wind indicator on top.", "A very tall clock tower towering over a city.", "A clock tower has a weather vane on top of it.", "Blue and orange stone clock tower with a small clock.", "A large clock tower in front of a clear sky"]
["A woman is riding a motorcycle down the street.", "A woman on a motorcycle wearing a bag and passing a car. ", "A woman on a motor cycle on a city street", "A woman on a motorcycle in the middle of the street.", "A woman sits on her motorcycle in the street."]
["A motorcycle sitting on the side of a street corner.", "Black motorcycle parked on the side of a busy street. ", "A motorcycle is sitting outside on the street near a tree.", "a black motorcycle is parked on a sidewalk", "An unattended motorcycle parked along a curb on roadway."]
["A small white toilet sitting next to a metal trash can.", "A compact toilet and shower of a small bathroom", "A close up shot of a white toilet and waste bin.", "A small white toilette with the lid closed has a metal trash can on one side and a shower stall on the other.", "a toilet bowl and a trash can in a bathroom"]
["A purple motorcycle parked in front of a red brick building.", "A motorcycle that is parked in front of a brick building.", "A sport motorbike parked on a pavement close to a building", "A blur motorcycle against a red brick wall.", "A motor bike parked on the side of the street."]
["A few people working on various computers in an office.", "A man works on a laptop placed on a table in a busy office.", "A man is working on a laptop computer at a desk.", "A man in blue works on a laptop computer.", "A man sitting in front of a laptop computer."]
["Black and white photograph of two men on motorcycles.", "Two people riding a motorcycle with hats and backpack down a street.", "Two men are at an intersection on motorcycles.", "The man are driving side by side on their motorcycles. ", "Two men on motorcycles at a stop light"]
["Two blue bowls of food next to a bottle of cinnamon and sugar.", "this is an image of cereal and milk", "A desert of bananas and cinnamon in two blue bowls.", "A blue bowl holding mashed bananas and oatmeal with a bottle of sugar and cinnamon sitting beside it.", "A bowl of oatmeal is ready to eat with some cinnamon and sugar."]
["Rows of motor bikes and helmets in a city", "A lot of motorbikes line up down a busy street.", "Large set of motorcycles all lined up down a street.", "A large group of motorcycles lined up on the street.", "A series of motorbikes parked in a row on a street"]
["Two rows of various makes of parked motorcycles.", "a bunch of motorcycles are parked tightly together", "Rows and columns of motorcycles in middle of street.", "A bunch of motorcycles that are grouped together.", "Motorcycles are lined up outside along the street. "]
["A row of motorcycles parked in front of a building.", "A bunch of motorcycles parked on the side of the road", "a back ally neighborhood with motor bikes in a row", "A number of motorbikes parked on an alley", "a bunch of motorcycles parked along the side of the street "]
["A row of motorcycles parked next to each other on a lush green field.", "Several motorcycles parked beneath trees in a park.", "THERE ARE A LOT OF MOTOR BIKES ON THE GRASS", "a line of parked motorcycles on some grass and trees", "A bunch of motorcycles line up near trees."]
["Two people on mopeds passing in front of a building.", "two people riding scooter on a city street", "People on mopeds in front of a building.", "People riding motorcycles in front of a building", "an image of a boy on his bike riding past a building"]
["Office space with office equipment on desk top.", "A hope office setup of computers and printers.", "a home office with laptop, printer, scanner, and extra monitor", "The computer desk in the corner is by a window.", "A laptop, monitor, printer and tablet on a desk."]
["A computer that is on a desk near a window.", "An office desk in front of a large window overlooking a parking lot", "this is a desk with a computer on it", "A corner desk with a laptop and other office equipment", "A office desk,  with a view of a parking lot. "]
["A close-up of a one-way street with many cars and motorcycles.", "Straight ahead view of several lanes of traffic heading this way", "Cars, motorized scooters, and other vehicles stopped on a busy road.", "Bikers on bikes in front of a lot of traffic\n", "a group of motorcycle riders stopped in traffic next to cars"]
["this living room has a small tv and a lamp next to it", "A big screen television is sitting on a stand in a room.", "A large television and table in a room.", "Living room with flat screen TV and surround sound.", "A flat screen television in a room with yellow walls."]
["A group of men riding motorcycle down a country road.", "a street with some motorcycles driving through it", "A white car driving down the highway with three motorcycles.", "Three motorcycles are driving swiftly behind a white car.", "a blurry image of motorcycles and a car driving along a highway"]
["This is a case full of yellow bananas. ", "Bananas a tightly packed and boxed for delivery to the market.", "a bunch of bananas are packaged up in boxes", "Bananas packed in cardboard box covered in plastic.", "An unopened box full of perfectly ripe bananas."]
["Vegetables are displayed in a wooden barrel outdoors.", "A bunch of bananas are sitting on the stand.", "The cart has bananas or plantains piled on it. ", "a box of green bananas and a box of ripe bananas ", "A large number of green and yellow bananas in wooden containers."]
["A polie officer standing next to a  motorcycle parked on the street.", "A scene depicting a man sitting down on a curb and a motor cop writing a ticket", "A man and police officer on the sidewalk next to a motorcycle.", "A man sitting on a curb with a police officer behind him. ", "A motorcycle police officer is writing a ticket."]
["a person riding a motorcycle on an enclosed road", "A motorcycle and a rider on a race track", "A person on a motorcycle driving around a racetrack.", "A person riding a motor cycle down a race track.", "Racer driving a high performance motorcycle on track"]
["A large pitcher of some beverage is on the table next to orange slices.", "A cold pitcher of orange juice beside a bowl of orange slices.", "A pitcher of beer is sitting next to a cup of orange slices. ", "A pitcher of beer stands next to a dish containing orange slices.", "a pitcher of liquid sitting on a table next to some sliced oranges"]
["Motorcycles driving down a wide city street nearing a white building.", "A large building with many windows and people riding scooters nearby", "People are riding scooters down the middle of the road.", "People are riding electric scooters in front of a large building.", "Many motorcycles riding in front of a KFC."]
["Two people on motorbike passing by a clock facade.", "Two people are riding a red bike down the street.", "Two people riding on top of one motorcycle.", "Two people are on a motorcycle driving down the street.", "The couple scoots around town on the motorbike."]
["A bunch of birds sitting in a bread basket.", "Two birds perched on a bread basked on a table.", "Two finch birds standing next to a basket of bread. ", "Birds are standing in a basket on the table.", "three birds sitting on a bread basket near a newspaper"]
["Grey bird in a wooden basket eating bread.", " A basket of bread with a small bird eating it.", "Bread sitting in a basket on a table beside a newspaper. ", "A bird is eating bread from a basket on a table.", "A bowl of bread and newspaper laid on a table."]
["A motorbike sitting in front of a wine display case", "A motor bike and some wine in a room.", "A dirt bike sitting on a counter by some wine bottles.", "a motorcycle standing in front a winery ", "A bike sits among bottles of wine on a shelf. "]
["A wooden bench sitting next to an entrance.", "A green wooden bench in front of a house.", "A green bench in front of a window box", "a green, warped bench outside of a small cottage with a flowers in the window", "The front of a small cabin with a window garden and green bench."]
["A dog watches an animal on the television.", "Large brown dog facing away, watching TV with wildlife scene.", "A big brown dog is watching a television.", "The hound dog sits on a rug and watches another dog on the television set.", "A dog is sitting in front of a television."]
["A picture advertising Arizona tourism in an airport", "A television that is sitting next to signs", "A television is shown in the middle of a baggage claim area.", "An airport terminal has a big screen displaying an ad for Arizona.", "A flat screen TV with a picture of a person jumping on it."]
["the person is sitting at a desk  with a television behind him ", "A person sitting at a table in a room.", "A man who is sitting at a table.", "A man in a news room sits in front of a camera. ", "A man sitting a desk in front of a TV."]
["A car passes by to find a man outside near a TV.", "A picture of a man sitting on the sidewalk next to a television set and backpack.", "A picture taken out of a vehicle of a man sitting outside beside a tv.", "Man sitting next to a TV on a sidewalk.", "A person sitting net to a TV on a sidewalk.", "A black man is sitting on the sidewalk next to a television."]
["A four engine jet transport airplane flying low.", "A large airplane flying over a grassy field with trees.", "jumbo jet comes in for a landing over some trees", "An airplane taking off over a field next to a forest. ", "A jumbo jet plane in flight with a city in the background."]
["The side of an airplane that is parked, and an Air China sign on the side of the plane.", "An Air China airplane sitting on the runway ", "This is the jet engine and side of an airplane.", "a parked air plane sit at a airfield ", "A view of the airplane looking down from the head."]
["A man in a safety vest holds him arms up as he stands in front of an airplane.", "an airport employee giving directions to an airplane", "An air traffic controller directing an airplane on a busy runway.", "A person reflective gear directing an airplane ", "A person directing a white jet airliner with orange sticks."]
["a large air plane is parked out on a grass field", "A vintage propeller plane parked in a grassy area with other older planes.", "Someone sitting in a renovated propellor fighter plane on a tarmac", "Pilot sitting inside an old style war plane", "A very nice looking fighter type plane in the grass."]
["A small airplane taking off from an airport runway.", "A Curtiss P-40 Warhawk taxis along a runway.", "A small airplane that is getting ready to take off from the runway. ", "a small air plane getting ready to take off .", "An airplane is about to fly into the sky. "]
["An airport filled with planes sitting on tarmacs.", "The view of runway from behind the windows of airport.", "a truck driving towards some planes parked on the runway", "Planes on a wet tarmac unloading at arrival gates.", "Window view from the inside of airplanes, baggage carrier and tarmac. "]
["A plane just outside of a terminal with other planes in the background.", "Several planes on the tarmac at an airport. ", "a very large airplane that is on a runway", "there is a white plane that is at this airport", "A small regional jet pulls to a gate at an airport."]
["An airplane sits on the tarmac of an airport, with a disconnected boarding gate.", "Plane boarding passengers while at a fancy airport", "A plane sitting on a runway getting ready to be emptied.", "THIS IS A AIRPLANE ON THE RUNWAY OF THE AIRPORT", "A plan parked on the cement near a terminal."]
["A man sitting on a large bench talking on a cell phone.", "A man sitting on a modern bench talking on a phone.", "A man sitting on a black and yellow bench on the phone.", "A man is sitting on a public bench on a busy city street.", "Man talking on personal cell phone on a yellow and black bench."]
["a car is stopped in the street for people to cross", "a white car is pulled up and stopped at a line", "A car at an intersection while a man is crossing the street. ", "a silver car under a signal light that is green with a man in the  crosswalk", "A car that is sitting near a green street light."]
["A traffic signal sitting next to a street at night.", "Traffic light at night, appearing very confusing. ", "The electronic stop sign glows brightly at night time.", "A variety of traffic lights and road signs.", "There is a street light with two green arrows in different directions"]
["A small blue plane sitting on top of a field.", "an E2 airplane painted blue with black and white stripes ", "An old warplane is on display in a field.  ", "a blue small plane standing at the airstrip", "Model airplane with an American insignia and stripes on wings."]
["Man bending down to check out a model plain that is parked in the grass", "Man behind a radio operated model airplane on the ground.", "The man is crouched down with a small airplane model. ", "a small red and white toy plane in the grass", "A man smiles while kneeling beside a miniature airplane."]
["A small plane flying through a cloudy blue sky.", "Red and white small plane on partially cloudy day.", "A red and white biplane in a blue, cloudy sky.", "A plane that is flying in the air.", "A small lightweight airplane flying through the sky."]
["A park bench siting next to a tree next to a  park.", "Green park bench in front of a tree on a sunny day.", "A lone public bench under a tree surrounded by other trees and grass.  ", "A green slated park bench under a tree.", "A green painted bench sitting underneath a tree."]
["a giraffe walking through trees on a sunny day", "Giraffe grazing on leaves from tree in native area.", "A giraffe is walking slowly on the grass as other giraffes walk ahead in a park.", "The giraffe is looking for a place to eat.", "A tall giraffe eating leaves off a tree"]
["a view of an air plane wing in the air ", "Is this the inside of a building for skateboarding?", "A yellow airplane wing pointed toward the ground?", "An ariel view of a planet in space is shown.", "landscape photo with plane wing at top and view of sandy hills showing rain gulleys"]
["The snow covered mountain looks over the small city.", "A COMMERCIAL AIRPLANE FLYING ABOVE THE CITY AND MOUNTAIN", "The airplane has taken off from the airport. ", "A plane ascends over a city, with mountains in the background.", "a passenger jet plane beginning its ascent over a city in the mountains"]
["A motorcycle sits parked across from a herd of livestock.", "A motorbike, people and sheep in the background", "A motorcycle parked on top of a sandy beach.", "A motorcycle in the foreground parked in a dirt parking lot", "A multicolored motorcycle rests outside of a sheep farm."]
["A large group of sheep in a grassy field.", "many different animals in a large field of green grass ", "A lot of animals that are in the grass.", "Sheep are grazing on a bright green field.", "THERE ARE A LOT OF SHEEPS ON THE GRASS EATING"]
["A giraffe with a mouth full of grass in front of a forest.", "A close up of a giraffe chewing on some hay.", "a close up of a giraffe head eating on grass", "A giraffe is chewing a mouthful of grass.", "A hungry giraffe is eating it's food in the zoo."]
["A giraffe standing in the grass near a tree.", "a brown and white giraffe in a field of grass", "a close up of a giraffe with a blurry background ", "A giraffe stands alone near a rocky hill.", "A giraffe standing in a picture with a field in back."]
["A building shines in the clear sky as cars drive underneath.", "A street scene at an intersection with tall skyscrapers in the background. ", "Large glass building shining from sunlight on it. ", "A CITY WITH SKY SCRAPERS AND CARS ON IT ", "Large modern buildings on a busy street. "]
["A large white dog is sitting on a bench beside an elderly man.", "A large white dog sits on a bench with people next to a path.", "A large dog sits just his bottom on a park bench.", "A dog sitting on a bench next to an old man.", "A couple of people sitting on a bench next to a dog."]
["a woman is on a poster hanging outside", "A sign in a median is displaying an ad of a woman.", "A city sidewalk billboard featuring a young woman.", "A billboard on the median of an intersection.", "City art installation showing a picture of a girl."]
["A yellow bus is parked near people on the side of the road.", "A yellow bus stopping at a bus stop in a city.", "A bus stopped at a bus stop while passengers get on and off.", "A group of people at a bus stop boarding the bus.", "It doesn't appear that anyone is waiting on the bus."]
["A lone giraffe walking in an open field.", "A giraffe stands in the grass in Africa. ", "A giraffe stands in the field as the sun goes down.", "A tall giraffe standing in a lush green field.", "A giraffe stands in a vast, green expanse while puffy clouds and blue sky fill in the background."]
["Two giraffes standing together in an open field zoo den", "One giraffe licks the tree limb while the other looks at him strangely. ", "Two giraffes lick a branch on a grassy field.", "There are two giraffes standing next to a tree branch", "Head of two giraffes with one slicking the bark on a tree."]
["A couple of traffic lights sitting under a cloudy sky.", "a street light has the red lights glowing", "The traffic lights are clearly visible for all of us to see. ", "a pole with a stop lights attached to it", "two sets of street lights attached to a pole "]
["A giraffe drinking water from a  river on a beach.", "A lone giraffe that is getting a drink of water from a small pond.", "A giraffe awkwardly sips water from a puddle in the dirt road.", "Giraffe is eating or drinking something off of the ground.", "A giraffe leaning down and bending its knees to drink from a puddle"]
["A group of giraffes standing near each other. ", "a small herd of giraffe in an open field", "All of the tall giraffes are standing in the grass.", "A bunch of giraffes that are standing in the grass.", "Several giraffes standing near rocks in front of trees."]
["Two giraffe standing next to each other on a grassy field.", "Two giraffes stroll past each other near a bush.", "Two giraffes standing near trees in a grassy area. ", "Two giraffes rub their necks together as they stand by the trees in the sunlight. ", "Two giraffes crossing paths on a green and grassy field."]
["A giraffe lying on the ground in a zoo pin.", "A giraffe laying down on the dirt ground. ", "Lone giraffe lying in dirt area of enclosure.", "Small giraffe sitting on the ground while the sun hits its body.", "A giraffe laying down on top of a dirt field."]
["a couple of giraffes that are walking around", "A herd of giraffe standing on top of a dirt field.", "Several smaller giraffes that are in an enclosure.", "The giraffes are walking in different directions outside.", "A giraffe standing next to three baby giraffes in a zoo exhibit."]
["some street signs sitting on a pole next to a street light ", "A traffic light and road signs are posted near buildings.", "A traffic light and a sign for the entrance of highway 527 South.", "A streetlight next to a street sign and a directional sign.", "a green light is next to a couple of street signs on a pole"]
["A street light with many signs on it stands to the foreground of a large building standing beside a naked tree.  ", "A stoplight with street signs on it ", "A pole has street signs and traffic lights on it.", "The traffic and walk signals are at C and 3 Streets", "There is an image of an outdoor area. \n\n"]
["A bench with potted plants sitting on top of it. ", "A bench surrounded by different plants on ground and potted plants.", "An empty red bench in an overgrown garden.", "A bench is in an overgrown yard by a hose.", "There is a metal and wood chair in a garden"]
["A large giraffe is standing in the wilderness.", "A giraffe stands in an area with many tall trees", "A giraffe standing in a field full of trees and plants.", "A large giraffe is standing outdoors near some trees. ", "A large tall giraffe standing by a tree."]
["A yellow school bus with a creepy eye shaped rear view mirror.", "The mirrors of a yellow school bus below a cloudy sky.", "The school bus features a safety mirror on the side.", "a close up of the front end of a school bus ", "A school bus with a front mirror next to a light pole."]
["An eating area with a table and a few chairs.", "Table situated in corner of room with a vase for a center piece", "A wooden table sitting below a bunch of windows.", "A dining room table next to windows overlooking woods", "A wooden dining table is surrounded by windows."]
["A large point tower towering over a traffic light.", "a stop light that is out on a pole", "Street signal light near church at dusk near streetlight.", "A view of a stop light, with a cathedral, in the back.", "Traffic signals direct traffic while a tower is in the background."]
["Close up of a traffic light with three lights, the top illuminated red with a person image, the second down not illuminated, and the bottom on hanging down.", "there are three different lights that show if u can walk", "A traffic light with it's green light busted.", "A traffic signal has a pedestrian walk symbol alight.   ", "A stoplight on a pole near a large building "]
["A woman in sunglasses is in a picture with a giraffe. ", "A woman wearing sun glasses standing next to a giraffe.", "a woman smiles as a giraffe walks in the back ground ", "a lady with glasses with a giraffe behind her", "The woman is taking a picture of herself and the giraffe. "]
["A bus parked next to another bus at a bus stop.", "People getting on a bus at a station.", "People boarding a commuter bus on a sunny day", "A busy city bus stop with people boarding the buses.", "A white bus is parked at a station where people are waiting."]
["A line of multiple buses parked along a wall.", "A long line of buses pass on an urban street. ", "A caravan of buses are parked on the side of the road.", "A very long row of buses on the street in a city.", "Several city buses lined up in a large city."]
["A couple of giraffes that are standing in the grass.", "two giraffes in a field near many trees", "Two giraffes are grazing side by side, but in opposite directions.", "Two giraffes are facing in opposite directions with their necks bent down.  ", "A couple of giraffe standing next to each other."]
["A park bench submerged in water in a flood.", "An orange bench surrounded by flood waters near a small metal grill.", "A bench under water in a park that has been flooded ", "The water of the river is muddy brown.", "A red park bench sitting in the middle of a flooded area."]
["A woman sitting on a bench reading a paper.", "A man and a women sitting on a bench, the women is reading a newspaper.", "A young woman sitting on the bench of a pier reading the newspaper", "A lady reading a newspaper on a public bench outside.", "two people sitting on a bench with a boat in the background"]
["A giraffe standing next to a covered structure.", "A giraffe reaching up to greet someone with food", "A giraffe extends his neck near an onlooker.", "People are feeding a giraffe at the zoo.", "Giraffe approaches a person and almost touches person hand."]
["People are waiting on a corner to cross a street. ", "A man speaking to a crowd of people waiting to cross the street.", "A large group of people on a corner waiting to cross the street.", "A group of people are at an intersection to cross the street.", "A group of people standing at a corner looking across the street"]
["A single park bench is by small trees.", "an image of a park bench that is sitting in the grass", "a bench in a field near some small trees", "A bench sitting in the grass in front of trees.", "A park bench with a broken board on one end."]
["A girl and boy sitting at a wooden table with the boy looking at the girl.", "Two kids sitting at a wooden table eating chips.", "A young boy standing next to a young girl and a bag of chips.", "The two young children are sitting at the table together. ", "A little girl has a bag of chips and a boy is smiling at her"]
["A rusted pink fire hydrant in the grass", "Close up of slightly rusted fire hydrant on the grass.", "A faded and rusty fire hydrant in grass next to the street.", "old and faded fire hydrant surrounded by some green grass", "An old fire hydrant sitting outside in the grass. "]
["A bicycle is lying on the sidewalk beside a fire hydrant.", "Two eyes painted on a fire hydrant make it look more festive.", "A fire hydrant with a pair of eye stickers making a face on it.", "The fire hydrant on the side of the road has eyes painted on it. ", "A fire hydrant in which someone put two eyes on it."]
["A red fire hydrant sitting next to a sandwich sign.", "A fire hydrant and sign covered in snow", "A fire hydrant near a sign that is covered with sticky snow.", "A fire hydrant outside on a street covered in snow.", "A snow covered city street featuring a red fire hydrant"]
["A little girl in a pink shirt standing near a blue metal sculpture.", "People are standing outside in a busy city street.", "Woman taking a picture of someone standing behind a sculpture and a child pushing another woman towards the sculpture. ", "People in a inner city courtyard watching a performance. ", "A woman snaps a photo of people having fun in the courtyard."]
["A newly married emo hipster couple sitting on a bench.", "a woman and man sits on a wooden bench", "A smiling couple in wedding attire on a wooden bench.", "A bride and groom pose for wedding pictures.", "A bride with blue hair and a groom sitting on a bench together. "]
["A red fire hydrant is leaking onto a side walk.", "A red fire hydrant gushing water onto a street.", "A red fire hydrant pouring water onto a sidewalk.", "A red fire hydrant opened and spilling water.", "A red fire hydrant spouting water onto sidewalk with trees in background."]
["A herd of sheep standing on top of snow covered field.", "Several sheep grazing in a field of tall grass in front of a building.", "Group of sheep and mountain out front of old house.", "A flock of sheep standing around in the middle of a pen.", "Sheep are grazing in a snow dusted field. "]
["A couple of kids standing around a red fire hydrant.", "Two girls are wearing plastic firefighter hats and standing next to a fire hydrant. ", "Two little girls are wearing fireman hats and poking a fire hydrant.", "Two young girls in toy fire helmets looking at a fire hydrant.", "two small children playing next to a fired hydrant and holding a balloon"]
["A giraffe and a zebra are in a grassy field.", "A giraffe and zebra in field next to a fence and building.", "A giraffe and a zebra are in their pen at the zoo.", "Giraffe walking near zebra lying in grass in enclosure.", "A giraffe and a zebra are on a grassy field."]
["A ducks is flying over a body of water.", "A duck is in the air flying over water.", "A duck is flying low above the water.", "A duck flying above a large body of water.", "a white brown and green duck is flying over some water"]
["A yellow and blue fire hydrant sitting on a sidewalk.", "A yellow and blue fire hydrant on the sidewalk.", "A freeway sign states Las Vegas north in the background behind a yellow and blue fire hydrant", "A brightly colored fire hydrant sits beside a brightly colored curb.", "A fire hydrant that is painted yellow and blue."]
["A flock of small birds flying in the sky over the water.", "Several birds that are flying together over a body of water.", "A flock of birds flying over a field.", "A black and white image showing birds flying over a body of water.", "A group of birds flying over the water"]
["A float in a parade on a sunny day.", "a large fire hydrant on a truck ", "Truck towing  wheeled hydrant in a parade", "A parade has a float with a fire hydrant on it.", "The jazz band is taking part in a parade."]
["A swan is floating down the river by the boat.", "A boat with flags and tents is docked next to a grassy bank.", "A boat that is decorated with flags on the water. ", "a parked boat with some items inside of it ", "A large red boat sitting next to a lush green shore."]
["There are mountains in the background and a lake in the middle.", "a red fire hydrant in a field covered in snow", "A fire hydrant in front of a snow covered field, a lake and mountain backdrop.", "A hydran in a snow covered field overlooking a lake.", "An expanse of snow in the middle of dry plants"]
["A flock of white birds flying over small boats.", "Many birds flying over some boats in the water.", "A harbor with boats and lots of birds flying around.", "a black and white picture of seagulls flying over a body of water.", "A lot of white birds flying around boats."]
["there is a cat that is standing near the water", "A cat standing next to a pond with a duck.", "A cat looking intently at something as a duck floats by.", "this is a cat standing near a patch of grass", "A cat in the foreground and a duck in the background."]
["A giraffe grazing on a tree in the wilderness with other wildlife", "Several giraffes eating leaves from the ground and tree.", "Two giraffes and another animal in a field.", "Several giraffe eating the leaves from neighboring trees.", "Giraffes are feeding on the trees and grass."]
["there are blue lights shining threw palm trees ", "A fire hydrant pouring water from it with a neon blue glow to it.", "Reflections of light streaming thru a building window at night.", "a fire hydrant on a city street ", "A yellow fire hydrant that is on the side of the street."]
["Three giraffes grazing from a bush over a fence.", "A couple of giraffe standing next to a fence.", "The giraffes crane their necks over the small fence because the fence is small and their necks are not small.", "A group of giraffe standing next to each other.", "Three giraffe stand near each other close to a fence."]
["A city street sign warning of a hill in different languages.", "Closeup of two street signs with various languages on them.", "a street sign mounted on a vertical pole", "A triangle sign with an English and foreign warning", "Two street signs attached to the same pole in two different languages. "]
["A black duck floating in a wavy pond.", "A duck swimming in some very gray water.", "Small black and white bird swimming through the ocean. ", "A little black bird floats through the waves.", "A lone duck with a colorful beak swims through the water."]
["A herd of sheep grazing closely together in a field.", "A herd of sheep eating, some of them in the food dispenser.", "A herd of sheep gather to be fed on a hill.", "A flock of sheep surrounding two sheep in a raised enclosure.", "A herd of sheep gathered in one area. "]
["That looks like a wall mural in the background of this photo with a lot of sheet.", "A flock of sheep who are standing a top a mountain.", "A huge heard of sheep are all scattered together. ", "There is a gathering of sheep in the field.", "A group of white sheep in grassy area next to trees."]
["a sidewalk with a fence, street signs, and a lot of trees along it ", "The street in the city is quiet this time of day. ", "A city street in the suburbs of a city ", "A couple of trees are growing by a street", "a sidewalk lined with trees and a lamp post"]
["A bird in a pot eating a fruit.", "a black bird is eating an apple in a pot of dirt", "there is a black bird standing in a flower pot eating an apple", "A bird in a flower pot eating an apple", "A black bird sits in a flower boy."]
["A bus travels on a road near buildings and parked vehicles", "a bus that is parked next to a building", "An old fashioned brown retro bus riding through town.", "An historical bus makes it way down a street, with palm trees in the background.", "A travel bus on a street in a tropical town."]
["a giraffe standing on a sandy beach in front of some rocks", "A giraffe standing in the dirt near some rocks.", "Closeup of giraffe's head in front of a stone wall.", "The giraffe stands looking forward in an enclosure with a dirt floor.", "The giraffe with brown spots is standing in the enclosure."]
["A herd of giraffe standing next to each other on a  field.", "some giraffes are walking around in some dirt and grass", "A giraffe looks towards the camera in front of other giraffes and zebras. ", "A giraffe turns away from the pack to look at the camera.", "A group of giraffes and zebras in a wildlife exhibit."]
["A stop sign is at an intersection on Morgan Rd.", "THERE IS A STREET SIGN MORGAN RD AND STOP SIGN", "A close-up of the stop sign and a street sign.", "The Morgan Rd. sign sits on the stop sign.", "a close up of a street sign with trees and a sky background"]
["Several books are stacked on a table. ", "A set of books sitting on top of a shelf.", "A few books lined up beside each other on the shelf. ", "The books are stacked on the shelve on the rack ", "A shelf with many different types of books."]
["Red wooden door with a stop sign requiring ID", "THERE IS A RED STOP SIGN ON THE DOOR ", "An age restriction sign is posted on the red door.", "A red door has a sign that says stop you must be over 18 to enter.", "a door is closed with a sign on it glass cover "]
["A yellow taxi cab parked next to a street sign.", "Two signs on a street pole indicating the distance and direction of a statue lion", "Pictorial directions using the New York City Library lions", "A street with taxis in the street and a street post with two signs attached that show statues of lions on the signs.", "This appears to be signage for the New York Public Library."]
["several men on a street corner repairing a street sign", "Three men look at a lamp post on a street corner.", "There are three men standing together by a pole in the street", "a group of people at a street pole attaching a new sign", "three men work on a street light "]
["An orange pedestrian crossing sign next to a tall building.", "In less than a mile, there is a walking trail.", "A brown sign hangs on a post in a city street.", "An orange sign depicting a man with a stick.", "a street sign attached to a post with apartment buildings in the background\n"]
["A bird with red eyes perched on top of a tree branch.", "A grey and white bird with red feet and eyes perches on a branch. ", "a bird with a pink eye is sitting on a branch in the woods.", "a black and white bird with red eyes sitting on a tree branch ", "A bird with red eyes and claws is perched on a branch. "]
["An arrow on the sign points the way to the Oil City Restaurant drive thru window. ", "two black and white signs some wires and a flag", "A one way sign is above a sign for the Oil City Restaurant.", "A rusty drive thru sign with arrow has a one way sign attached to it. ", "A restaurant sign under a one way sign."]
["A street sign that reads \"FRIZERIE\" in front of a red building.", "An old rusted street sign in front of a building.", "A street sign on a pole in front of a damaged building.", "a close up of a city street sign and a building in the back ground", "A white sign with the word \"frizerie\" in red writing in front of a run down building."]
["A giraffe staring at the camera in a field.", "A giraffe stares directly into the camera lens", "A giraffe is standing in a grassy plain.", "A giraffe standing in a large grassy field.", "a giraffe sitting in the middle of some grass"]
["A tall massive clock tower towering over a city.", "A couple of street signs hanging on a pole", "An old black and white photo of Pennsylvania Avenue.", "A large stately building is adorned with steeple and a tower.", "The large ornate building with the clock tower and cupolas sits on the Pennsylvania Avenue and 11th St."]
["One bird that looks like two different ones.", "A bird with red and grey feathers on a table.", "The colorful bird is standing on the table outside.", "A gray and red bird sitting on top of a table.", "A woodpecker that is sitting on top of a table."]
["A big billboard is painted onto the side of a brick building.", "A large blue sign with white lettering adorns the concrete wall.", "A blue sign reminds people to live life.", "A motivational sign on a brick wall by a yellow door.", "A painting on the side of a building."]
["A pair of sneakers hang in the background at this street corner.", "A Manila Av sign below a First St. sign. ", "A view of someones shoes hanging on the power lines in the city.", "A street sign is placed under power lines.", "A street sign on a pole on a road."]
["Two giraffes standing very close to one another in an enclosure", "a close up of two giraffes in a field of grass with trees", "Two zebras standing in grassy field next to rocks.", "A couple of giraffes are standing in a field", "A couple of giraffe sitting in the grass."]
["A row of wooden cages with white sheets over them.", "Several wooden cages are lined up beside each other; all have white clothes covering the top of them. ", "Several wooden cages with white cloth tops and sides.", "Cages are covered with white tarps strapped to them.", "A bunch of wooden cages covered with sheets"]
["a little bird taking a bath in a bird bath ", "A bird is taking advantage of the bath.", "A close up of a birdbath with a bird in the water.", "A small bird diving into a stone container of water.", "A bird splashes furiously in a bird bath."]
["A small yellow bird on a branch of a tree.", "A bird sitting on top of a branch.", "A bright yellow and orange bird perched on a branch.", "A brightly colored bird perches on a tree branch.", "A yellow bird is sitting on a tree branch."]
["there are people sitting on the ground painting the street", "A few kids playing with each other on Harlem River Drive.", "kids sit in the street painting a divider.", "Some people sitting and painting a road divider", "Young people painting a mural on a traffic divider."]
["a freeway traffic sign writtien in an asian language", "Road signs on an interstate-type highway in somewhere in Asia. ", "There are two signs in a different language.", "A large green freeway over pass sign next to a light poll.", "A green interstate sign in an asian country."]
["A view of birds gliding through the air.", "Birds flying above a wide snowy mountain range.", "Birds are flying around a photographer with one swooping rather close.", "A black and white view of birds flying over snowy mountains.", "A flock of birds flying high above a snow covered mountain."]
["A pedestrian crossing sign sitting underneath a street sign.", "A pedestrian street sign is displayed as well as a street name.", "A pole that has a sign that indicates pedestrians cross there.", "A sign for a street above a cross walk sign.", "A crosswalk sign on Bainbridge Street during the winter."]
["A dog with a hat on top of his head.", "A small white dog wearing a black hat. ", "a white dog panting wearing a black hat", "a close up of a dog wearing a hat", "A white dog wearing a black hat with it's tongue hanging out."]
["Several goats are resting at the base of a tree.", "Some very cute sheep gathered by a tree.", "an adult sheep and baby sheep next to a tree in a grass field", "a number of sheep in a field near a tree", "a adult sheep stands by a tree as some baby sheep look on"]
["A bird sitting on a branch outside above rocks.", "A small bird standing on top of a rock near grass.", "A very cute little bird standing on some rocks.", "A bird on a branch on the ground ", "A brown bird perched on a sick in the woods."]
["A boy is jumping over a hurdle on his skateboard. ", "A man that has a skateboard who is jumping in the air.", "A person jumps a blockade with his skateboard.", "A boy jumps his skateboard over a ramp while a crowd looks on.", "A man crouching on a skateboard balancing on top of a wooden object with a large amount of people around him watching. "]
["A red and white street sign mounted on a red pole with a pedestrian traffic light.", "A street sign is printed in both English and foreign languages", "A traffice sign is shown with Asian writing.", "A red road sign, appears to be shut down below a \"Store\" sign. ", "A stop sign that is very red in the street."]
["A couple of birds perched on poles sticking out of a lake.", "Two birds sitting on wooden posts in water.", "Two similar, small birds sit on posts in a lake.", "Two birds sitting on top of wood poles", "Two birds perched on sticks on the water."]
["A white and red traffic sign on top of a metal pole.", "A street sign with an 80 in the middle", "A sign that reads \"80\" is perched on a hilltop.", "A road sign is displaying a number in front of trees and fields.", "Sign with the number \"eighty\" set against bright blue sky."]
["Two ducks floating together on a body of water. ", "Two ducks are swimming in the green colored pond.", "Two Canadian geese swim in a green pond.", "Two ducks swim in a pond with green water.", "Two swam swimming next to each other on a lake."]
["Two ducks are swimming outdoors in the water. ", "A couple of ducks floating on top of a lake.", "Two ducks swimming alongside each other in a pond.", "A couple of geese wading in some pond water.", "a pond with two ducks laying in the water and looking at each other"]
["A bird that is on a tree limb.", "A bird with blue feathers in a tree at the zoo", "A bird in a tree in a cage.", "BEAUTIFUL UNUSUAL BIRD INSIDE OF A BIRD SANTUARY", "a white headed bird perched in a tree in an enclosure"]
["A tall two story gray house sitting in front of a street sign that readsd Nirvana Dr.", "A street scene focused on a pole with a street name sign.", "A street sign is placed in front of a house.", "The large grey house sits on Nirvana Road.", "A sign that reads \"Nirvana Drive\" sits atop a sign that reads \"Dead End\". "]
["a ram is looking at the camera and standing on some grass", "A large sheep bends his head towards some grass", "A very large sheep is standing in the grass.", "A sheep looks at the camera, by the side of the road.", "A woolly sheep stands in the grass looking at the camera. "]
["A street sign that reads broadway on  a traffic light.", "The sign for Broadway Street stands in front of an advertisement board in the city.", "The street sign at the intersection of Broadway and 7th avenue is the star of this picture.", "street signs at a busy intersection with surveillance", "An intersection has a NYPD security camera sign on a post."]
["a close up of street signs with buildings in the background", "A Pole with a bunch of different street signs ", "A street sign for Broadway has several other signs on it.", "A street sign marking the corner of Broadway and Broome. ", "A traffic light with lots of street signs mounted to it."]
["A group of birds are sitting at the edge of the river. ", "Birds standing on rocks, overlooking a body of water.", "A huge flock of birds standing on a rocky cliff over looking a body of water.", "There are many birds in and next to the water.", "Birds are flocked on a rocky area by a body of water."]
["Sheep in field by barn with fence and car.", "Numerous sheep graze and interact with one another on a large field", "some black and white sheep are grazing on green grass", "A group of sheep standing on a grass field.", "A bunch of sheep graze in a field. "]
["A sheep standing in the middle of a field.", "A white sheep standing in a field of grass.", "a few black face sheep scattered in a field ", "A sheep stares as several other sheep graze in a field.", "Sheep staring, laying and grazing in the grass. "]
["A street sign showing they are making improvements", "Sign explaining street and landscape improvements on a tree-lined street.", "A street sign above sidewalk with trees and cones around.", "A sign is indicating there is landscaping going on here. ", "Blue and white street sign next to an open park. "]
["A small group of people standing outside of a train next to  small shops selling fruit.", "A woman in a dress standing next to a blue and white train.", "A woman poses for a picture next to a train and a fruit stand.", "Women and men walking along a blue passenger train on a stone walkway. near an outdoor food market.", "A woman posing by a train with several small food stands nearby."]
["Birds with long legs walking in the water near a beach.", "Flamingos are walking on the shore of a beach.", "a number of birds on a shallow body of water ", "A group of seagulls foraging for food near the beach\n", "Several flamingos drinking from a body of water."]
["A train drives along railroad tracks while a person walks between the tracks.", "a person is walking along a path with trains near by", "A train traveling through a train yard next to a light pole", "An old picture of a train coming down the tracks with a person standing nearby.\n", "A black and white photo of a train driving."]
["Girl wearing Girl Scouts uniform holding an object in her hand near a fence.", "A girl in a scout uniform playing with a toy by a fence.", "Girl dressed in a scouting uniform standing near a fence with her foot on a small cannon.", "A girl dressed in a girl scout uniform next to a white fence.", "The girl is wearing a girl scout uniform and firing a tiny cannon between the fenceposts."]
["a white bird sitting on a grassy hill", "A large bird sitting on top of a green hedge.", "A white bird on a grass hill with park behind it.", "The bird stands on a hill near a large park.", "An angry bird is standing in front of the camera."]
["Two men are talking to each other near a fish tank. ", "Some people standing together in a small room.", "A group of people standing next to each other in a room.", "Two guys and a girl standing near the bookshelf having a conversation by the fish tank", "These three people are dressed up in costumes. "]
["A man with a snowboard next to a man with a mask.", "Man with snowboard standing next to another wearing a mask and crazy hands.", "A man holding a snowboard next to a man in scary costume.", "A man wearing a mask with a sbowboarder.", "Snowboarder holding a pink board being hugged by man in costume. "]
["Upward view of street sign and traffic light in front of office building.", "A very tall building next to a street sign.", "An intersection with a One Way sign, traffic lights, a street sign and a large building", "a sign on a post in a city with a building in the background ", "A city street sign in front of a very big building."]
["The train is rounding the bend of a track on the mountain side. ", "A train in the snowy wilderness going around a curve.", "A passenger train is moving around a mountain bend.", "a train on a track near many trees ", "A train on the side of a snowy mountain side."]
["A train car with blue graffiti on the side of it .", "an image of a train with graffiti on the side", "Old weathered red train boxcar with blue spray painted graffiti.", "A red train car that has graffiti on it", "A train has been decorated with colorful, elaborate art work."]
["a train cart is near a white tank", "A freight train traveling past a propane tank.", "A graffiti marked train car passes by a gas tank.", "A building with a propane tank out front ", "A large white tank sitting on top of a green lawn."]
["Blue and orange large birds on tree with metal pot.", "There are two tropical birds sitting on a branch with food.", "an image of a bird that is perched next to another bird", "Two parrots on a tree next to a metal pan.", "Two parrots perched on a log near a watering tin."]
["A train with graffiti moves along the railroad tracks.", "A train car with some graffiti on it on the track", "A freight train with graffiti on the side of a box car.", "A train, the last car of which has been covered with graffiti.", "a very long train on a old train track"]
["Red and blue train sits along the tracks", "A grain pulling three passenger cars down tracks.", "an image of a blue and orange train on the tracks", "A train is making its way past a boarding area.", "A short train speeds past the empty station"]
["a man standing next to a red train near a train track ", "A cute train planter set is seen outside of a real train.", "A man with a backpack next to a train and a flower bed train.", "a man walks in between an old train and 3 planter boxes in the shape of a train", "A man wearing a backpack walking along side of a stopped train with train planters with plants in them "]
["Many different signs cover a post next to a bus stop.", "A bus stop with advertising signs attached to a pole nearby.", "Street signs clutter a pole on an empty street.", "A street signs and board at a road junction near a building", "Many posters are placed on the pole across the street from houses."]
["Woman out running errands on her bicycle in the street.", "She is riding on her bike on the street around the stop sign.", "A woman is wearing a pink helmet and riding her bike through the city.", "A girl riding on a bike in the city.", "A person on a bike on a street."]
["High speed train stopped at the train station.", "A train is shown next to a platform.", "A train parked in a building with glass windows.", "A passenger train that is pulling into a station.", "A train is arriving at the station for passengers."]
["a woman is standing on a set of train tracks", "A woman photographs a blue railroad car as it peeks out of a tunnel.", "A woman takes a picture of a train on a track.", "A woman on railroad tracks watching a train in the distance.", "A woman takes a picture of a blue train going into a tunnel."]
["A passenger train crossing a bridge by the beach", "A red and blue train on a bridge during a cloudy day. ", "a train crossing a tressle near a body of water", "A red and blue train driving over a train overpass", "Red train pulling four blue train cars behind it over a bridge. "]
["Train stopped at a depot with people milling about.", "Passengers boarding a blue train at a station.", "A train parked at an outdoor train terminal. ", "A man taking a photograph of a commuter train at an outdoor station", "The people are waiting at the train station. "]
["A red stop sign sitting in the middle of a street.", "Humorous graffiti is pictured on a stop sign.", "A stop sign with graffiti about the Red Sox", "Graffiti on a stop sign supporting the red sox", "A stop sign with words written on it with a black marker."]
["A freshly plowed street is a winter wonderland.", "a stop sign  with lots of snow on the ground   ", "A red stop sign sits in the snow along suburban streets.", "A stop sign stands along a snow filled street.", "A snow covered but recently plowed street in the city."]
["A little boy is holding on to a stop sign.", "A little boy standing under a red stop sign.", "A young boy clings to a public stop sign.", "A KID HOLDING A SIGN BOARD IN A STREET.", "a small kid holding on to a stop sign"]
["A train on some train tracks near some trees", "A blue commuter train traveling through a rural countryside.", "a blue passenger train on a track next to a large bush ", "Four train carts on a set of tracks", "a train on a train track with trees in the background"]
["A woman videos a man cutting the cement around a street pole.", "A construction worker using a jack hammer next to a  woman holding a camera", "a man is working near a parking meter outside", "A man is operating a jackhammer near a parking meter.", "A man with a jack hammer on the sidewalk next to a parking meter. "]
["A blond woman kneeling in front of a parking meter.", "Woman knitting a sweater on to a parking meter", "A woman that is sitting near a coin meter.", "Woman paying at a parking meter next to a car.", "a woman at a parkign meter pays her bil"]
["A woman sitting next to a parking meter.", "a person siting on the ground and decorating a parking meter ", "A woman is sitting on the curb with a decorated parking meter.", "a lady sitting on a sidewalk by a parking meter.", "a woman sits in front of a parking meter "]
["A woman kneeling down in front  of a parking meter.", "A woman decorating a parking meter with fake flowers", "a woman is designing a pole with art", "A woman is putting a decoration on a parking meter.", "a woman wrapping a parking meter with some designs"]
["Parking meters are lined up on an empty lot.", "Parking meters in an empty parking lot surrounded by sand.", "A close up of a parking meter in an empty parking lot.", "Parking meters sitting on yellow posts by the ocean. ", "Rows of black parking meters on street next to sand."]
["Two parking meter that accept credit and debit cards", "Two parking meters standing on a sidewalk. ", "these are two parking meters on the side of the road", "Two silver parking meters sitting next to each other.", "Two parking meters on the curb, one with some time remaining."]
["This cat is sitting on a porch near a tire.", "A cat with large eyes sitting on the side of the dock.", "A small cat is sitting on the wooden beam.", "A brown striped cat looks at the camera.", "A brown and white cat standing on wooden ledge ned to a building."]
["A cat sitting on top of a red boat next to two dogs.", "A white cat sits on a large red object by a river", "A cat and two dogs rest by a pond.", "Two dogs and a cat on a boat at edge of water.", "a cat and some dogs sunbathing by the water"]
["A woman milks a cow in the grass with another cow and dog nearby.", "A woman is milking a cow near other animals.", "Woman sitting down and eventually milking a brown Cow. ", "A black cow standing in the middle of a forest.", "Authentic old looking photo of a woman milking some cattle"]
["A bulldozer and fresh asphalt next to various people.", "Some men working with a machine paving a new street.", "Men in yellow safety vests stand near a yellow truck and a white truck.", "There is a dump truck and pay loader and construction workers.", "A couple of men on a road by a truck."]
["a cat lays down on a stuffed animal", "A cat sitting in a chair that looks like an elephant", "A cat sitting on top of a stuffed animal. ", "A spoiled cat is sitting on his own personal chair.", "a fat cat sits on a stuffed animal"]
["Hauling items in a wagon is a lot easier than carrying them.", "a man is walking while pulling a wagon", "A man towing a wooden wagon down a grass field.", "A man in a funny hat pulling a wagon in the grass.", "A man pulling a wagon through a field with cars in the background."]
["Commercial logging transport truck on dirt road near forest.", "A truck that is sitting on a dirt road.", "A truck traveling down a road with a pile of logs in the back of it.", "A large truck travelling on a dirt road near trees. ", "A semi-truck loaded with logs driving down a dirt road."]
["A cat on the ground with a shoe.", "A kitten plays with the shoe laces on a pair of blue shoes.", "a kitten playing with a shoelace on the floor", "A grey tabby kitten playing with navy blue shoe strings on a shoe. ", "A gray tiger cat walking across a brick floor."]
["A cute kitten playing with strings on a shoe.", "A cat sitting on a floor next to a pair of shoes.", "a cat sitting with shoes on a bed playing with the strings", "a small kitten on the floor looking up while standing near some stuff", "A cat that is looking up while sitting down."]
["A cow standing near a curb in front of a store. ", "There is a cow on the sidewalk standing in front of a door. ", "A cow on the sidewalk on a corner in front of a store ", "Cow standing on sidewalk in city area near shops.", "A cow on a city sidewalk in front of a business."]
["An orange truck driving next to a forest.", "An old red fire truck is parked on gravel.", "An antique red fire engine is parked on the grass.", "An old fashion fire truck is parked on dirt and grass beside some trees.", "A rusted, classic fire truck parked in front of a tree."]
["The animal is standing by the booth at the event.", "A brown cow standing next to a store with lots of water.", "A cow is standing in front of a shop.", "A bull standing in front of a street vendor .", "a brown and white ox a motorcycle and a shop"]
["a tow truck pulling a white card down the road ", "A red and white tow truck tows a white car down the street.", "A tow truck towing a car down a street.", "the tow truck is pulling a care down the street ", "A white vehicle being towed by a white and orange tow truck."]
["Cat laying in luggage on bed with white walls", "A cat laying down in a open suitcase on a bed.", "A cat uses the suitcase as its bed.", "A cat is all set to travel with their owner.", "An orange and white cat sits inside a black suitcase."]
["A orange and white cat sitting inside of a piece of luggage.", "A cat sitting amongst books and clothing in a suitcase", "The cat is laying on the clothes in the suitcase.", "A cat is laying on top of a small suitcase.", "A cat sitting on items inside of an open suitcase."]
["A brown and white cat is in a suitcase.", "A cat is sleeping in a suitcase with folded clothing", "A cat sitting inside a small, packed suitcase.", "A furry cat sleeping inside a packed suitcase", "The cat is laying in the packed suitcase."]
["A girl on a couch with a laptop, and a cat beside her", "A large cat sits on the sofa arm next to a girl using a computer", "A young girl is sitting on a brown couch with a black laptop in her lap and a  black and white cat by her side.", "a woman sits on her computer with a sad expression ", "Young woman sitting with laptop computer with cat right next to her"]
["a cat that is eating some kind of banana", "A person feeding a cat with a banana", "A house cat is taking a bite from a banana.", "A cat eating a banana from someone's hand ", "A cat feeding on a banana with a person feeding it to it."]
["A cat is looking at the camera while lying down on the chair", "A cat sits on red chair and looks under a table.", "a gray cat with yellow eyes stares at the camera from her perch on a chair under a table", "A cat lying on a chair underneath a table ", "A cat sitting on top of a wooden chair."]
["A gray chair and a black chair sit in a room near a lamp.", "A cat peek from between two sofa chairs. ", "Cat sitting on a maroon couch behind a coffee table.", "A large recliner sitting next to a table.", "A cat is sitting in a recliner chair."]
["A gray tiger cat sitting at a wooden table on a chair.", "A grey cat sitting in chair next to a table.", "A cat sitting in a chair pulled up to a table.", "A cat sitting in a chair at a table with a book on it.", "A cat sitting in a chair by a table."]
["A cat is laying on a desk full of computers.", "An open laptop and a computer on a table with a cat", "A cat laying on top of a wooden desk under computer monitors.", "A cat that is laying down in front of a computer.", "Cat sitting on a computer desk with two computers."]
["There are four cows eating grass in a field", "A field with three cows grazing in the background.", "a group of cows grazing along a grassy horizon.", "Cows are eating the grass from the field.", "A herd of cows grazes in the grassy field."]
["Two white horses pulling a man on a wagon down a dirt road.", "Man rides on the back of a wooden cart being pulled by two cows. ", "Two ox are pulling a man on a cart.", "A man in a wooden ox cart is being pulled.", "a person riding a carriage being pulled by bulls"]
["A herd of cattle sitting next to each other on a pile of dry grass.", "Four cows are sitting calmly in a lot of hay.", "Cows lying in hay, inside a building at a fair.", "Three cows sitting in piles of hay at a stable.", "Cows lie in hay near stalls at a fair."]
["A cat sitting on top of a window sill.", "A cat is sitting in a window looking in the house.", "The cat is curious about the people in the room,", "A brown and white cat sitting on a window sill.", "A cat sitting on a window sill near a basket."]
["A cat sitting on top of a window sill near a phone.", "A cat that is lying on a window sill.", "A cat is sitting on the window ledge in the sun.", "There is a large adult cat sitting on a window sill.", "A very cute cat sitting in a window."]
["A bunch of cows grazing in a dry field together", "Cows wandering in a dry grass filled meadow", "Brown and black cows in grassy field with trees in background.", "Black and brown cows are grazing in tall grass.", "Cows are walking through tall grass near many trees."]
["cats laying on a desk near a couple monitors and a keyboard", "Four cats lay on a desk near two computer monitors and a keyboard while near them a bowl holds medicine bottles.", "Several cats fast asleep on a desk in front of computer monitors.", "Several kitties are lounging around together in front of the computer.", "A couple of cats that are sleeping together."]
["Cats lie on a desk next to a keyboard.", "Two cats laying next to a cup of coffee.", "Black and white cats lying on desk with keyboard.", "Two cats sleeping on a table by a coffee cup", "a cat on a desk laying next to a keyboard "]
["Old fashioned red fire truck parked by itself on a street.", "An old picture of a red fire truck with snow on the ground.", "A fire truck parked on a parking lot. ", "A large red fire truck on snowy ground.", "A red firetruck sitting in a parking spot on a snowy day."]
["A cat sitting behind storage containers and a computer.", "A black and white cat hides behind a laptop screen and some drawers.", "A cat is peaking around from behind a computer monitor.", "A black and white cat is staring out some storage containers.", "A cat hiding behind a bunch of boxes next to a laptop."]
["A white truck filled with motorcycle on it's flatbed.", "A vehicle is shown transporting a shipment of bicycles.", "The truck is hauling a load of bicycles.", "A white vehicle with a flatbed designed to carry multiple bicycles on it.", "A white bike carrier sits with several bikes on the back.  "]
["Two cows grazing on grass in a field by a house.", "A white faced cow stands in the tall grass.", "Cows standing in a grassy meadow in front of a house.", "a cow in a field near trees and bushes", "a cow stands in the grassy area of a yard "]
["A cat stares from behind a large TV.", "A cat with glowing eyes sits on top of a TV.", "A black cat peeps up behind an old television set.", "a cat behind a tv near doors ", "A cat sitting on top of a TV in front of a closet."]
["A cat looking at a dog on a TV.", "A cat is standing on a table next to the television.", "Cat looking around television with dog on it", "a cat very lose to a tv with a dog on it", "The cat is looking at the television with the dog on it"]
["a cat on top of different kinds of electronics", "A white and brown cat sits on electronics near a television set.", "A cat sitting on a stack of electronics next to a television.", "Cat sitting on stereo equipment next to monitor.", "A cat sitting on top of some electronics, next to a television."]
["Two cows stand in a field near one young cow laying down.", "Some cows are standing in a grassy field", "three brown cows in some brown grass and one is laying down", "A cow looking back as it and others graze in a field.", "Two cows and a calf are grazing on dry grass."]
["Two cows overlooking a mountain range and one is looking in the opposite direction of the other one.", "Two cows that are standing in the grass.", "Two marked cows stand upon mud and grass with tree filled hills in the background.", "A couple of brown and white cows standing on top of a hill.", "Two cows are standing in a grassy area."]
["Two cows are in an open field in front of a mountain range.", "these cows are laying down on the grass", "a couple of cows are in a field", "A couple of cows standing on a  grass covered hill.", "Two cows are on a hill; one eating grass, the other lying down."]
["A brown cow lays down in the grass", "A cow with halo hair is laying in a pasture.", "A cow sitting down in a field of green grass", "A large brown cow laying in a lush green field.", "A brown cow sits in the middle of a grassy field."]
["Lots of cows eating grass on a large field.", "Two cows are grazing with their heads down together", "Two black and white cows graze on green grass while many more cows and a silo are featured in the background.", "Cows graze in a green pasture under blue skies. ", "Cows grazing in a pasture of green grass with a silo in the background."]
["A black kitten lays on her side beside remote controls.", "A black kitten laying down next to two remote controls.", "A black cat is lying next to a remote control.", "A couple of phones are on a blanket next to a black kitten.", "a kitten laying on a bed next to some phones "]
["A cat sits on a table and watches television", "A cat standing on a table in front of a TV.", "A cat is on a coffee table with a television in front.", "Small cat sitting on top of a table looking at a television. ", "a brown and black cat is sitting in front of a monitor"]
["People look at various food trucks in the city.", "People stand in line at food trucks in a city.", "A group of people are standing together in the street near a food truck", "A crowd of people are waiting in line for food.", "People standing in line by several food trucks parked on the street"]
["A cat laying on a bed next to an opened laptop.\n", "A cat sitting on a blanket next to a laptop.", "a cat lays down next to a laptop on a bed", "A cat lying on a bed next to a laptop.", "a black and white cat and a laptop"]
["a cat laying down stretched out near a laptop", "A grey and white cat laying next to a laptop on a bed.", "A cat laying on a bed with a laptop.", "A black, white, and gray cat lays near a laptop keyboard.", "a close up of a cat on a bed next to a laptop"]
["Men standing in their boats that are in the water.", "fishermen on a boat with  nets ready to fish", "The men are fishing with nets from their small boats.", "A group of people standing on various boats with large nets. ", "A group of people standing in some small boats."]
["A dog sitting on the inside of a white boat.", "a dog sits on a boat floating in water", "Dog forlornly looking out the back of a twin-hulled boat.", "The dog is riding on the boat in the water.", "a white boat is out on the water"]
["A dog that is standing on a boat.", "A brown dog sitting on the inside of a white boat.", "A yellow dog putting their head out the front gate of a pontoon boat. ", "a dog on a boat in the middle of the water.", "there is a dog that is sticking his head out of a boat"]
["The surrounding of an outside town in the image.\n", "A large crowded town with a body of water and many boats.", "A body of water filled with a lot of wrecked boats.", "Many boats are traveling in the water outside the city area. ", "People using umbrellas and wooden boats in the water. "]
["Some very cute cows in a nice shaded area.", "A couple cows and bulls are lying on the grass.", "A white steer is lying in a field of grass while three other cows are in the background.", "Three bulls of various poses in a green field with trees", "A group of cows with an alert look sitting in a field."]
["there are many cows that are laying in this barn", "Three cows are tied up in a barn and standing in the hay.", "three black and white cows are resting in hat", "Small group of cows laying on hay inside of a pen.", "Black and white cows sit in a pile of hay."]
["A cat laying on top of a flat screen TV.", "A cat sitting behind a computer screen. ", "A grey and white cat sitting behind a laptop computer.", "Looking over the monitor of a computer at a cat", "open laptop screen with a cat's head peeking over it"]
["A number of cattle outside some houses ", "A small herd of cows are walking away from a house.", "Many cows near more than one structure with windows.", "Several cows standing together in front of a building.", "A herd of cattle walking across a dirt field."]
["An elephant leading a baby through a Savannah plain.  ", "A couple of elephants standing in a grass field.", "A mother elephant and calf walking with a herd of zebras in the background.", "Mama and baby elephant eating grass with zebras in background.", "A grown elephant and a young elephant roam freely together in an open field. "]
["an elephant standing next to some other smaller animals in a field of grass", "An elephant is standing next to a herd wildebeests.", "An elephant is walking around on a grass field.", "Variety of wildlife in field with tall golden grasses.", "A group of animals that are standing in the grass."]
["A rack of assorted  colorful neck ties.", "a wall with many different colored ties on racks", "an assortment of ties neatly arrange for sale ", "A rack of several multicolored men's neck ties.", "A display of dozens of neck ties in many colors."]
["A glass elephant figurines sitting on a plate.", "A lit candle in the shape of an elephant.", "An ceramic elephant figurine on top of a plate.", "The lit candle is shaped like a small elephant.", "A candle shaped as an elephant is on a china plate."]
["Four men are photographed signing important documents at work.", "Two men are standing behind two other men who are signing papers.", "Four men in a suit are posing for a picture.", "A group of men in suits sitting in a room preparing to sign some documents.", "The men sit at the table with books in front of them. "]
["An elephant walks next to a bus down a busy street.", "The elephant is walking down the busy street.", "As a bus and motorcycles carry passengers an elephant is also seated to carry a man.", "A medium-sized elephant walks by a bus on the busy street.", "A road with motorcycle riders, a bus, a person riding an elephant and people walking on the side of the road."]
["a group of boats resting in the water next to a bridge", "a bunch of boats all lined up on a dock. ", "Boats docked in a marina near a bridge.", "Row of moored boats of different sizes at marina.", "A marina filled with lots of small sized boats."]
["A man in a tie and a fake moustache", "a woman with glasses in a shirt and tie", "The woman is wearing glasses and a fake moustache.", "An individual wearing a comical mustache with a serious facial expression. ", "a man in blue shirt and tie wearing a fake mustache "]
["a person tying another persons neck tie wearing a suit", "A woman helping a man to do his tie.", "A woman helping along man put on a tie.", "A woman helping a man tie his bow tie", "A man being assisted with a tie by a lady."]
["A small boat traveling past a red light house.", "A sailboat near a pier with a lighthouse.", "a big red tower on a landing by the ocean", "A ship is in the water near a light house. ", "this red light house sits at the end of a pier"]
["A boat in the ocean  near a red light house.", "A group of people stand by a red lighthouse.", "Large red light house on the side of the ocean next to a speed boat.", "A small boat is seen approaching a red lighthouse.", "a boat riding in the water by a light tower"]
["a upside down boat is on top of a big hil", "A boat turned over on a snowy bank by a lake.", "A boat turned upside down on a snowy shoreline.", "a flipped boat sits on some snow ", "A boat is turned over in the snow."]
["A woman putting a tie on a man as he sit at a table.", "a close up of a person getting a tie put on them", "A man in a suit having his neck tie adjusted.", "A man having a bow tie put onto his neck.", "a woman helping a mani with his bow tie "]
["People ride on elephants to cross the river.", "People riding on top of elephants across a river.", "Elephants and their passengers are entering the water.", "Groups of people sitting on elephants crossing a river.", "Men riding on the back of elephants make their way into the water. "]
["an elephant using its trunk to blow the dirt off its face", "Grey toned elephant head closeup with grass and hill background.", "The elephant is using its trunk with many insects about its head.", "An elephant throwing dirt on itself with its trunk.", "Older elephant spraying himself with sand from the ground."]
["A elephant that is standing in the grass.", "A elephant is standing in the grass with zebras behind it.", "An elephant standing in a grassy field. ", "an elephant and zebras in afield besides the mountains", "An elephant is facing forward with zebras in the background. "]
["A person riding an elephant and carrying gas cylinders", "An elephant walking with two heave pails and and Indian man on the top", "a nd elephant is carrying some red jugs", "a man riding on top of an elphant holding a stick with containers", "An elephant carries two tanks while being ridden."]
["A boat traveling on water under a large bridge.", "A black and white photo of a ship going under a bus.", "A black and white photo of people on a boat going under a structure.", "A filled ferry boat passing underneath an overpass", "A group of people in a boat in the water."]
["A young man holding a stuffed teddy bear and a white umbrella.", "A young men is holding a stuffed animal and an umbrella.", "A man with a stuffed toy holds an umbrella.", "A man holding a teddybear and an umbrella. ", "A man holding an umbrella in one hand and a stuffed animal in the other."]
["A couple of boats parked near a dock on the side of a small building.", "A photo looking down at two board on the dock.", "a couple of boats docked in a harbor next to a building", "Some boats are tied to the side of the dock.  ", "A group of tug boats sitting at a dock with a walkway to a building."]
["A group of people sitting on the back of an elephant.", "Several people are taking a ride on elephants.", "some people are riding elephants in the jungle", "The people are riding on the two elephants", "People riding on elephants in the jungle "]
["a large amount of plants growing in a forest", "THERE ARE A LOT OF BUSHES IN THE FIELD ", "A forest with lots of small green plants.", "New plants are sprouting up from the forest floor.", "A COUPLE OF DIFFERENT PLANTS IN THE WOODS "]
["HERD OF ELEPHANTS IN THE WILD GRAZING AMONG THE TREES", "Some animals are outside in the dirt in the daytime.", "A herd of elephants are grazing in a vast prairie.", "Elephants gathered together on a dusty plane with some trees. ", "A herd of animals next to a tree and shrubbery"]
["A large gray elephant standing on top of a grass covered field.", "A big elephant in the grass in the wild ", "An elephant walks around in some dry grass. ", "A LARGE SINGLE MALE ELEPHANT GRAZING BY HIMSELF", "An elephant has something stuck in its rear end."]
["A small elephant walking across a dry grass field.", "The adult elephant with long tusks is walking through tall grass.", "An elephant strides through brown grass and trees.", "An elephant walks past trees in a dry, grassy area. ", "An elephant is walking through dry grass by some trees."]
["A lone elephant is walking through a field", "an elephant is in some brown grass and some trees", "An elephant reaching for tall grass with its trunk.", "A very big elephant in a field of tall grass.", "An elephant sticking out its trunk in a grassy area. "]
["some elephants in some tall brown grass and trees", "A bunch of elephants standing around together in a grassy field. ", "a group of elephants sitting in some dead grass", "a family of elephants standing in the wild with each other ", "An adult elephant helping along a baby one in a field."]
["A bunch of people wearing the same things are standing in line.", "a bunch of people in ties are grouped together ", "a group of people in black are in  a room", "Group of men and women dressed in black wearing ties. ", "A group of people stand together in a room all dressed formally and all in black."]
["Several elephants are in a habitat as heads are in the foreground.", "A small gray elephant  standing in an exhibit at a zoo.", "People are watching four elephants in a zoo.", "Several elephants in zoo enclosure with onlookers watching.", "An elephant in a zoo stands in front of the crowd."]
["There is one tug boat in the water by the docks.", "A boat docked with some large equipment in the background", "a boat sitting next to a dock and a building ", "A boat floating along a shore line with lots of cranes.", "A tug boat floats beside the dock while cranes reach skyward in the background."]
["a cat that is sitting in a sink", "A cat is sitting patiently in a sink", "A cat sitting in a double sink. ", "A cat is sitting in a kitchen sink.", "A grey and white cat sitting in a sink "]
["A person looking over the water at large boats.", "There are many boats together out on the water", "A woman leaning over a railing and gazing at boats", "A view from a railing of a sea port with boats about.", "The large boats are bring people into the harbor. "]
["A young elephant walks with two older elephants in a gated area. ", "A baby elephant walks in between two adults.", "A few elephants are together in the wild. ", "Three elephants in dirt area next to a fence.", "Two adult elephants with a baby elephant walking with them."]
["A group of people standing next to each other.", "a group of people standing side by side in a room", "A man with a gun standing in formal dress.", "A man in a dress shirt is standing next to a couple dressed in formal attire.", "A man dressed up in a red tie and suspenders and standing around at a party."]
["Several different types of electronics sprawled out on a bed.", "a bed with a laptop a backpack a book a mouse and red case and other items", "Various Apple products are displayed with bags on a bed. ", "a bunch  of electronics and other accessories  spread out on a bed", "A group of various electronics and planners laid out."]
["A man in a tie with a shirt jacket thrown over his shoulder.", "A man holds his suit over his shoulder", "A man wearing a suit and tie poses for a picture", "A man wearing a tie holding his suit jacket over his shoulder ", "a man is posing in this photo wearing a suit and tie"]
["A person riding on the water in a red row boat.", "A boater smiles as he paddles his canoe.", "A man at a boat dock in a canoe.", "A person in a kayak passing by a harbor.", "A person rowing in a red kayak glides through the water."]
["Two kayaks, one pink the other yellow, on bank of water. ", "Two kayaks rest on the shore of a body of water.", "Two kayaks sitting on the shore of a body of water.", "Two kayaks are shown on the shore. ", "Two kayaks are sitting on a river bank empty."]
["A group of people ride in a canal past buildings.", "A group of people on a canal boat.", "Four people that are in a boat that is on the water. ", "A group of people riding on top of a boat on a river.", "People standing in a canoe in a river."]
["A congested boat stop with lots of boats parked within", "A group of ships are parked in the harbor.", "There is a lot of boats docked at a docking station.", "Yachts of different sizes sit in a crowded marina. ", "Many boats of various sizes all lined up at the harbor."]
["A blue boat docked on a green lush shore.", "A  small marina with boats docked there", "a group of boats sitting together with no one around", "Some boats parked in the water at a dock", "boats sitting around the side of a lake by a tree"]
["An elephant and a rhinoceros stand not far from each other.", "A rhino is near an elephant near a water hold in the forest.", "An elephant and a rhinoceros share a field with a pond.", "An elephant and a rhino are grazing in an open wooded area.", "An elephant walking not to far from a rhino in a forest."]
["Lots and lots and lots of very colorful ties", "a rack of very many different colored ties", "A group of tie racks with men's ties on them .", "An assortment of neckties, all with various colors and patterns.", "Large group of different color ties sitting on display together. "]
["A shelf filled with men's ties stacked six levels high.", "Various ties are displayed in a rolled fashion.", "Rack with a variety of different kinds of ties.", "Various ties are on display in boxes on shelves.", "Several racks of different pattern types of ties."]
["A two story boat sailing on a crystal blue body of water.", "A double decker boat sailing along the water. ", "Tour boat out on the water with flags waving. ", "A white boat with flags on it is in the water.", "A white ship sails in the blue ocean water."]
["a small boat in a body of water ", "There is a row boat on very still waters with a ball in the water in front of it.", "a picture of a boat and many waters of an ocean", "The boat is near a floating ball in extremely calm water.", "An empty row boat in the water near a floater"]
["A boat sitting on someone's lawn near an abandoned brick house. ", "a small boat in the front yard of a house", "A canoe on some grass near a building", "a boat resting in the grass outside a home", "THERE IS A BOAT ON THE GRASS IN FRONT OF THE YARD "]
["A man leading two elephants down a road.", "A man leads two elephants down a trail.", "Two elephants are walking together behind the man", "A guy is walking in between two elephants. ", "Two elephants following an individual on a dirt path"]
["The Asian woman is standing on the beach holding an opened parasol in each hand.", "Woman poses on beach with two umbrellas in front of a floating boat", "The woman is standing on the beach by the water with two umbrellas. ", "The lady holds two umbrellas by the water.", "A woman on the waters edge with two umbrellas, and a boat in the background."]
["A woman staniding on the shore holding two umbrellas.", "An Asian woman in front of a body of water with two umbrellas", "A woman is holding two umbrellas with a boat in the water behind her.", "A lady is holding two umbrellas on a gloomy day.", "A woman holds a blue and a pink umbrella on a foggy day at the beach."]
["A woman embracing a child carrying a bag of luggage.", "Woman hugging a small girl with green and blue luggage. ", "A woman hugging a girl who is holding a suitcase.", "A woman with her arms around a girl who's holding a suitcase.", "An adult and child standing with a suitcase."]
["A elephant that is standing in the dirt.", "A zoo keeper looking at the back of a caged elephant.", "Elephant standing in an exhibit behind a fence with a park keeper.", "a elephant that is in side of a big fence", "a large elephant is standing in a field"]
["A group of elephants bathing and playing in the water.", "A large group of elephants standing in some water.", "Elephants swimming in a shallow lake on a hot day.", "several elephants taking a bath in the river", "A couple of elephants are standing in the water"]
["A zebra standing next to an elephant next to some trees.", "The elephant with the herd is stretching it's trunk upwards near a tree. ", "A group of elephants feed in some trees.", "Several elephants eating leaves on trees at a zoo.", "A herd of elephants eating from a grove of trees."]
["A man stands next to a few pieces of luggage. ", "Man pushing a car with luggage at an airport.", "A man stands in a breezeway with his luggage. ", "A man holding a luggage cart in front of an airport.", "An older man is holding luggage outside a transport center"]
["A mother and son elephant walking through a green grass field.", "A pair of elephants traveling on a grassy field.", "An adult elephant and a baby elephant walking together", "A adult elephant with a baby elephant walking besides.", "A mother elephant guiding her child across a field."]
["A baby and adult elephant walk around their pen.", "Elephants in the grass on a sunny day ", "Several adult elephants and a young elephant in a field of grass.", "Two adult elephants and one child elephant grazing on grass.", "The adult elephant is standing behind a young one."]
["Large elephant rubbing itself up against a large tree. ", "An elephant stands in the grass near a tree.", "The large adult elephant is standing beside a large tree. ", "A captive elephant stands amid the branches of a tree in his park-like enclosure.", "A elephant that is standing in the grass."]
["An elephant raises its trunk to grab some twigs", "An elephant grabbing a branch with his trunk.", "An elephant with an open mouth lifts his trunk.", "An elephant using trunk to eat leaves on a tree.", "An elephant rubbing up against a tree and pulling on branches."]
["a small boat in a body of water near building", "A weathered ship parked beside a building on the water", "An old fishing boat in the waterways of a city", "a large red boat is in water near buildings ", "a big boats sits on some water "]
["A couple of elephants standing next to each other.", "Two elephants with tusks wade in the shallow water.", "A couple of large elephants in the water.", "Two elephants that are walking in some water.", "Two elephants drink water out of a body of water"]
["A couple of gray elephants standing next to each other in a wire cage.", "A couple of elephants touch their trunks together.", "Two elephants at a zoo with their trunks touching.", "Some elephants are touching each other in the zoo.", "Two elephants facing each other touching trunks in an enclosure."]
["A pinup-style photo of a woman sitting on a luggage trunk.", "A women is waiting while sitting on a large trunk", "a woman shades her eyes while sitting on a chest ", "A woman sits on a luggage case on a sidewalk. ", "A woman sitting on a trunk wearing a polka dot dress with a red belt."]
["A woman sitting in a car holding a small white dog.", "A woman in a car and her dog out the window.", "A small dog looks out of a car window, the driver looking on.", "A person is sitting in a car with a dog.", "A woman sitting in a car while her dog hangs out the window."]
["A woman sitting on a piece of luggage in a field.", "a woman sits on a brief case in the woods ", "A girl with a lot of tattoos sitting on a a piece of luggage.", "A woman with lots of tattoos sits on a suitcase in a forest. ", "Lady with arm full of tattoos sitting on her suitcase."]
["Three people and a dog are riding on a horse drawn carriage.", "A horse drawn cart with a dog, it's driver, and two passangers.", "The tourists take a leasurely ride in the horse-drawn carriage.", "A group of people driving a horse drawn carriage.", "a horse pulling an open stagecoach on a sidewalk."]
["A couple of suit cases sitting on top of a wooden block.", "A few pieces of luggage sitting on top of a wooden floor.", "Two vintage suitcases stacked on a box. ", "A vintage Louis Vuitton trunk suitcase stacked on another vintage suitcase.  ", "There are two suitcases stacked up on a box"]
["An animation of a girl holding an umbrella is shown.", "A woman carrying a pink umbrella wearing a blue scarf.", "Two three dimensional images of a woman with an umbrella.", "A stylish young woman holds an umbrella in the rain.", " Two drawings of a lady in glasses holding an umbrella in the rain."]
["A crowd of people taking pictures of baby elephants ", "A crowd of people standing around baby elephants.", "A picture is a image of an zoo animals.\n", "Young elephants being fed while people take pictures.", "A man that is standing around elephants in the dirt."]
["There are several people walking in a street parade.", "A couple of people walking during a parade.", "Several older adults walk down the street in a parade.", "people are lined in the streets watching a parade.", "An assortment of people walking in a line down a road."]
["Several pieces of luggage with extendable handles deployed.", "A black suitcase with handles to help when rolling it around.", "a close up of a black travel bag", "A black bag with a combination lock sits near some yellow luggage.", "A suitcase with the rolling handle pulled up."]
["People playing Frisbee with a drown and white dog.", "A dog jumping to catch a frisbee in a field of grass.", "a dog jumping in the air trying to catch a frisbee", "A dog jumps in the air towards a frisbee while people look on. ", "Playing catch with the family dog in the back yard."]
["A cat laying on top of a plastic container next to a bottle.", "A cat stretching out in a blue briefcase.", "A brown and white cat sitting in a blue suitcase.", "A cat is sitting in his suitcase on top of paper.", "A cat stretched out in a suitcase with his eyes close. "]
["Young boy sitting on top of a briefcase", "A young baby sits on top of a briefcase.", "A little boy sitting on a suitcase on the floor.", "A small child sitting on top of a briefcase.  ", "A toddler boy is sitting on a brief case."]
["A bunch of luggage laying on an area rug. ", "Several pieces of luggage on a floor with an area rug.", "The luggage is sitting on top of the persian rug.", "a bunch of travel bags sit on a carpet floor ", "Several pieces of luggage that are laying on the floor."]
["A couple protecting their young baby with a sun umbrella and cloth", "A woman holds her baby while a man covers them with an umbrella. ", "A byoung couple holds a baby under a striped umbrella.", "Man and woman carrying an infant under a large sun umbrella.", "A family is standing under and umbrella with their small child."]
["A young girl is smiling while holding a luggage bag.", "The jacket doesn't really need to match the luggage.", "A small Asian girl holding a rolling suitcase.", "A little girl carrying a piece of blue and green luggage.", "A young girl smiling as she holds the handle of her suitcase."]
["A man with glasses holding up a broken umbrella.", "A man holding an open umbrella near tall buildings.", "A man holding a black umbrella outside of a hotel.", "an image of a man that is holding an umbrella", "A person is standing in front of a hotel holding an umbrella."]
["A person wrestles with an inside-out umbrella on a roof.", "A man sitting on top of a roof with an umbrella.", "an umbrella is put on the roof of a house", "a person sitting on the roof of their house holding onto an umbrella", "A man sits on a roof above his deck adjusting an umbrella."]
["A man placing a beach umbrella on top of his roof.", "A man is on his roof with a large umbrella.", "This picture is too dark to see anything", "man on a house setting up an umbrella.", "A person is sitting on a house roof with an umbrella."]
["A golden retriever laying down on the side of a pool.", "A large brown dog laying next to a blue pool.", "A golden retriever sleeps at the edge of the pool.", "A swimming pool in a yard that has a cinderblock wall all the way around it and a dog sitting at the edge of the pool.", "A dog laying down next to a pool in a backyard."]
["Two women walking side by side holding umbrellas.", "an image of two girls walking with umbrellas", "Two girls are each carrying an umbrella walking.", "Two young girls walking in front of a building, holding umbrellas.", "A couple of kids walking with umbrellas in their hands."]
["A Daily Mirror featuring stories on celebrity stuffed animals.", "A man in a safety jacket stands next to a large stuffed bear like creature.", "A tabloid magazine with a stuffed bear in handcuffs.", "You can always rely on this newspaper to print the latest gossip.", "A newspaper with cartoon characters on the cover. "]
["A group of men standing around a pile of luggage.", "Multiple men looking at a stack of luggage at an airport.", "Three men claiming their baggage at an airport.", "Men look at airline baggage at airport terminal.", "Men stare at suitcases in the floor. "]
["Black and white puppy snuggled between a blanket and a pillow. ", "A black and white dog sleeping under a brown pillow.", "A dog laying on a bed with a pillow on top of it.", "A dog laying on top of a bed with large brown cushions.", "A small dog laying in a bed in a room."]
["Shaggy dog gets dinner served on a plate.", "A small black dog standing over a plate of food.", "A small dog eating a plate of broccoli.  ", "A black dog being given broccoli to eat.\n", "There is a dog staring at a plate of food"]
["A picture of a polar bear resting on a rock in his exhibit.", "Polar bear in a styled enclosure at a city zoo.", "Polar bear on rock near water in city zoo enclosure.", "A polar bear lays on a rock in the distance. ", "The bear is sitting in an enclosure area."]
["Brown bear walking on a path in the woods.", "The brown bear is standing on a trail in the woods. ", "A brown bear walking through a forest near bushes.", "A bear walking on all fours in the woods.", "A small brown colored bear on a path in a wooded area with trees and grass."]
["A child smiles while holding a luggage rack", "A little boy stands by a stack of suit cases.", "A boy with several backpacks and some luggage.", "A boy behind a large stack of luggage.", "A young man with a shopping cart filled with backpacks."]
["a bear sitting on a rock with a river running through it", "A large black bear walking on top of a rock covered river.", "the bear is hunting for salmon in the river", "A black bear looking back while on some stream rocks.", "The wet black bear is standing on rocks in the river."]
["A brown bear standing next to a tall brown tree.", "A brown bear standing next to a large tree.", "There is a brown bear walking through the woods alone", "a bear is walking by a branch in some grass", "Three bears in the forest near redwoods and fallen trees."]
["Three people wade waist-deep in the ocean while playing Frisbee.", "Three people in a crystal blue ocean during the day.", "Two men and a women are in the water at the beach while playing Frisbee. ", "Three people in the ocean throwing a Frisbee.", "A group of people toss a disc around in the water."]
["A largge polar bear smelling the grass looking for food.", "A polar bear grazing in a vibrant green grass", "a big bear stands on some green grass ", "a light colored bear in a grassy field ", "An animal is standing in a grassy field."]
["A man throwing a frisbee in front of a sign point in the direction of the toilet.", "A man holding a frisbee near a toilet sign while looking back.", "A man in the middle of throwing a frisbee.", "A man in blue shirt holding a frisbee in front of various direction signs.", "A man in blue has a white frisbee by signs."]
["A woman throwing a frisbee as a child looks on.", "A woman and girl in park playing with frisbee.", "A woman and child playing frisbee in a grassy area.", "A person on a field throwing a Frisbee by a kid.", "A woman and a little girl playing with a Frisbee in the sun on a green lawn."]
["An adult woman playing a game of frisbee with a little girl.", "A young child holding a frisbee and posing in a throwing motion with a woman across from her.", "A child getting ready to throw a frisbee to an adult.", "There is a picture of an outside area.\n", "There is a little girl throwing a frisbee with a woman"]
["A guy wearing a white shirt holds up a white frisbee.", "there is a man not wearing shoes playing frisbee", "A man holding a white frisbee on top of a field.", "A guy playing with a disc in a field.", "A man with no shoes on catching a Frisbee."]
["Some people stand together near a lake. ", "A picture of some people playing with a frisbee.", "Five people stand on a shoreline, with woods in the background.", "A group of kids are standing in a circular fashion to play catch beside a waterfront.", "The friends are on the beach at an early hour."]
["A woman laying in a bunch of purses and shoes. ", "A young woman lays on a pile of clothes.", "A woman lying down on a pile of clothes.", "A woman in a black dress lies among purses and shoes.", "A woman with red hair and a black dress sprawls on cloth."]
["A dog that is laying down on a couch.", "A dog lying on a couch under a white blanket", "The white dog is sleeping peacefully on the sofa.", "A dog is sleeping on pillows on a couch.", "a dog lays down on some pillows with a blanket "]
["A dog is laying down on a couch.", "A dog that was asleep on a couch is being bothered by the photographer. ", "A dog laying on top of a couch looking sleepy.", "A dog that is laying down on a couch.", "Brown and white dog laying down on a brown couch. "]
["A woman catching a frisbee on a beach.", "a person is holding a flying disk outside", "a female in a white top a frisbee and a hill", "A woman catches a Frisbee while getting some sun.", "The woman with the white towel on her head head is holding a frisbee. "]
["A person on the beach next to the ocean. ", "there is a man that is running in the sand on a beach", "A man in a wetsuit running on the beach.", "A person is running on a clear, flat beach.", "A person running a long a beach when it is almost empty."]
["A crowded beach with people playing frisbee ", "A group of people standing on top of a sandy beach.", "Two guys are jumping to catch a frisbee on a crowded beach.", "People playing on a beach with dozens of others around.", "A group of people at the beach playing frisbee"]
["A man on a beach holding a frisbee at sunset.", "A guy playing frisbee at the beach at sunset.", "A person standing in the sand holding a Frisbee. ", "a man on a beach holding a frisbee", "A young man standing on a beach holding an orange Frisbee."]
["A white and gray dog sits on a bed near a pile of rumpled sheets.", "A gray and white dog sitting on a white mattress.", "A terrier sits on a messy bed in front of the window.", "A dog is sitting on a white sheeted bed while blankets lay frumpled alongside.", "A dog that is sitting on top of a bed."]
["A dog hanging out of a side window on a car.", "Dog looking out car window as reflected in side view mirror.", "A dog with his head out of the window and tongue hanging as seen in a car mirror.", "a dog look through a cars window ", "A dog's reflection in a car door mirror."]
["Woman outside playing a game of frisbee with a dog", "a woman is playing frisbee with her dog ", "A female plays frisbee with a dog near a campstove.", "A woman and her dog play Frisbee at a campsite", "A woman going to get an orange frisbee from a gray dog at a barbecue."]
["A dog in a cage looking out of the cage.", "A dog sitting looking through a grate out a window ", "a dog standing behind a fenced off window ", "A dog that is looking out a window with bars.", "a black and brown dog sitting in a window sill"]
["Two younger people playing a game of frisbee.", "A couple of people on a beach with a flying Frisbee.", "A boy and a girl are running to catch a Frisbee. ", "A man and a women who are running toward a Frisbee.", "The two teens are on the sand dune, racing  to catch the frisbee."]
["A zebra in captivity grazing in its exhibit.", "The zebra is eating grass in his habitat.", "A zebra grazing in an enclosure with trees in the background.", "A zebra brazing on green grass next to a pile of rocks.", "A zebra eating grass inside a fenced in area. "]
["a person and a dog are standing near some cliffs", "A person walks with a backpack being followed by a dog.", "A hiker and dogs are walking in a canyon.", "A person walks along on a patch of sand near some rocks.", "A person walking across a desert filled surrounded by mountains."]
["A close up of a zebra foraging on some grass", "A zebra grazing on long dry grass in a field.", "THERE IS A BLACK AND WHITE IMAGE OF A ZEBRA EATING GRASS", "A zebra grazes on grass in a grassy field.", "A black and white photograph of a zebra grazing."]
["A dog sitting on a grassy hillside by a path.", "A dog laying in the grass next to the sidewalk.", "A brown and white dog on grass next to a path.", "A brown and white dog sitting on the grass.  ", "a dog laying in the shady grass at the park"]
["A small white dog sitting on the floor on top of a rug.", "A wooly, white dog sitting on the carpet", "A white dog has curly matted hair in it's eyes.", "A small beige dog with short curly hair.", "A shaggy dog sit atop a blue and pink carpet."]
["A zebra is standing outside in the snow", "One zebra standing in snow near a stone wall.", "A zebra is standing in a snowy field.", "A zebra stands in snow in front of a wall. ", "A zebra standing alone in the snow with a stone block wall and wooden fence behind it."]
["Two brown dogs in grassy area biting each other.", "Two dogs playing, jumping on each other and biting.", "Two similar sized dogs fighting near an empty chair.", "Two brown dogs involved in fight against each other.", "Two brown dogs are playing on the dirt."]
["two dogs that look to be fighting one another", "Two dogs fighting with one on his back on the ground", "Two dogs have a playful fight with one another.", "Two dogs that are fighting in the yard. ", "A dog shows aggression by baring his teeth to another dog."]
["two dogs brown white and black and some people", "A couple of dogs running together being playful.", "Two dogs are running together and playing in a field.", "Two dogs running on top of the dry terrain.", "A close up of two small dogs running."]
["Two dogs that are standing up holding each other.", "Two dogs on their hind legs playing with each other.", "Two dogs standing on their back legs wrestling with one another.", "Two little, well groomed dogs hugging each other energetically", "A couple of dogs standing each other up being playful."]
["A young man flying a kite over a sandy beach.", "A boy with a frisbee standing in the sand.", "a boy is on the beach tying to catch a frisbee", "A boy throws a Frisbee to himself on an empty beach.", "A young boy playing frisbee on the beach."]
["A man stretching out yelling while catching a Frisbee.", "A man in a grassy area with a frisbee.", "A man holding a white frisbee in his right hand.", "A smiling young man leans over with a frisbee.", "Man in a blue shirt holding up a white frisbee. "]
["A herd of zebra standing next to each other in a field.", "A group of zebras standing on dry land", "three zebras walking in a grassy plains area", "There 3 Zebras standing together in the wild. ", "Three zebras are standing together in a grassy area."]
["A kid playing with a frisbee in the yard.", "A young bow throwing a frisbee on a lush green grass covered park.", "A toddler with a frisbee in his hand.", "A young toddler walks across the grass in a park.", "a small child standing in a field of green grass playing with a frisbee"]
["A small herd of zebra walking on a lush green landscape.", "Three zebras walking through a grassland area together.", "One zebra rests its head on the back of another zebra.", "A zebra resting its head on another zebra", "A zebra resting its head on another zebra."]
["A small herd of giraffe standing next to each other.", "We are looking at a herd of zebras.", "Several zebras milling around a grassy area with a shrub.", "Zebras are knee high in grass on a field.", "A zebra looks over another zebra in the grass. "]
["Two zebras playing together on a dirt road.", "some zebras dirt brown grass bushes and trees", "Two zebras are fighting in the sahara. ", "A couple of zebra standing on top of a field.", "A zebra standing up and putting one leg over the shoulder of another zebra."]
["Some very cute zebras in a grassy field.", "Three zebras graze grass within a wire enclosement.", "Three zebras eating grass in a grassy field. ", "Two zebras that are standing in the grass.", "Three zebras grazing in an enclosed area that is a wooded area"]
["Person riding on the back of a horse on a gravel road. ", "a person riding a horse down a trail with rocks around it ", "A person riding a donkey travels between two mountains.", "A man travels down a path in the mountains. ", "a person in a black top riding a horse and some hills and rocks "]
["six different shots of horses and people standing on the street", "A series of pictures shows horses and people on the street.", "A collage showing people at an event and horses.", "A collage of six photos of people, places and animals.", "A frame has six pictures, two with a horse."]
["Horse figurines next to walk on a table.", "A set of three different plastic horse figurines.", "Three different horse figurines are placed beside each other. ", "Three plastic horse figurines standing next to each other on a shelf.", "Three model horses on a table in front of a pegboard backdrop."]
["A herd of zebras are in a dirt area near scrub brush.", "A bunch of zebras are together in an open area", "A group of zebras standing beside each other in the desert. ", "a herd of zebra standing around in front of some shrubs", "A bunch of zebras standing around in an open field."]
["A lot of zebras standing in the sand on a hot summer day.", "Group of zebras standing on a dirt field together. ", "A pack of zebras standing around a dry pasture.", "A herd of zebra in a grassy are with bushes in the background.", "A herd of zebras grazing on the savannah."]
["A group of zebras standing around in the desert. ", "A group of zebras are standing in a desert.", "A herd of zebra standing next to each other.", "A herd of zebras are standing in dirt.", "Four zebras standing in the savanna surrounded by scrub brush."]
["A herd of zebras standing around on the dirt.", "On a sunny afternoon, the herd of zebra are romping in the field.", "A herd of zebra walking around a dirt field.", "a group of zebras in a dirt field next to green shrubbery.", "A group of zebras are on the brown ground."]
["Many jockies are riding horses down a beach.", "A group of people riding horses along a beach.", "A group of people with helmets are riding horses alongside a beach. ", "A group of horses and their riders riding down the beach.", "A group of jockeys on horses in a race on a beach."]
["Several people are riding horses on the beach.", "A group of cowboys walk through the desert. ", "People with hats and uniforms are riding horses along a beach.", "6 horses on a beach with riders on them. ", "These people are riding horses along the shore"]
["A herd of zebra standing near some bushes and rocks.", "A herd of zebra standing next to each other.", "Several zebra's standing at attention as a group of deer look on.", "Four zebras and gazelles in a rocky area near some brush.", "Four zebra are standing and looking into the same direction."]
["A herd of zebras is grazing in a grassy field.", "A herd of zebra standing on top of a lush green field.", "Two zebras are grazing in an open field of grass.", "a number of animals on a field of grass", "Zebras standing in a field on the grass."]
["A zebra and a giraffe foraging together by some trees.", "A zebra and a giraffe eating from the grass and trees.", "A giraffe grazes in a field as a giraffe eats leaves nearby.", "A zebra grazing and a giraffe walking in a green field", "A zebra and giraffe eating food near each other. "]
["Horses stand and drink from pond water near the road.", "horses near a body of water with a sky background", "Horses behind a fence near a body of water.", "Horses grazing in a muddy portion of a flooded field", "Five horses next to a body of water behind a fence."]
["A horse is attached to a carriage. ", "A horse drawn carriage moving down the street, people walking to the side of it.", "People standing around near a horse drawn buggy.", "A horse pulling a carriage next to a crowd of people.", "A close-up of the horse that's pulling a carriage."]
["a man riding a bull through part of  a parking lot ", "A bunch of people standing around cars in a parking lot.", "People watch a man riding a cow through a parking lot.", "A group of people standing in a parking lot as a man rides a bull.", "A man rides a cow through a parking lot."]
["A group of horses that are standing in the dirt.", "An old-style picture of horses near a train track", "A team of horses pulls a wagon near an old water tower. ", "A group of horses pulling a wagon down a street.", "There is a horse drawn carriage in front of the water tower."]
["A man riding on the back of a wagon being pulled by two horses.", "A farmer plowing using field horses for propulsion.", "A farmer is plowing the land with his horses.", "A farmer on a plow being pulled by two horses.", "Two horses pushing a carriage with a man sitting on it. "]
["A brown horse is walking around in the grassy mountain.", "A horse running in a green field next to a black and white pole.", "A horse in a green meadow along hills with a cloudy grey sky in the background.", "A horse is trotting along a hilly area.", "A horse majestically standing in a hilly field."]
["A woman standing in front of a brown horse.", "A young woman in a leather coat about to pet a horse", "A woman is standing next to a black and white horse.", "A woman is feeding a horse at a ranch.", "a woman going to touch a horse in a field"]
["A trainer leads a girl on horseback to a field.", "A little girl riding a horse next to another girl.", "Two girls walking down a pathway with a large horse.", "A woman walks beside a horse while a girl rides.", "Child on a horse being led by a trainer"]
["A little girl sitting on top of a brown horse.", "A young girl sitting on a saddle that is on a black horse, with other people standing next to the horse.", "A young girl is sitting on a horse.", "a child riding on a horse in a field", "A woman is watching a girl ride a horse."]
["A brown miniature pony next to a wooden fence.", "The small, hairy horse has a very long tail.", "Short brown horses have long black bushy tails.", "A small horse with a head of hair during the day.", "Ponies have long manes and tails and stand beside a fence in front of a building."]
["A pair of horses running through a grassy field", "Two horses running inside a grassy fenced pasture.", "Brown and white horses running through a grassy field. ", "an image of two horses that are running thru the fields", "two horses in a field of tall grass with trees in the background"]
["A woman riding on the back of a brown horse through a forest.", "A dressage rider riding a place horse in a field.", "The person is riding the horse on the field.", "Man on horse in open field practicing for certain sport.", "Person with a helmet riding on a black horse."]
["People walking around the park with a few horses", "A group of people walking horses through a field.", "Group of people and horses in a grassy area next to trees.", "Women are walking through a field with horses.", "A group of people tending to horses on a grass covered field."]
["A horse drawn trolly on a track, the trolly is full of people.", "A horse stops for a rest before it continues to pull a street car.", "A horse drawn trolley sitting in the middle of a street.", "A horse is pulling a troller full of people.", "People riding on a horse trolley in the street."]
["Three horses are standing outside in the show.", "three horses in the snow and some trees", "Three horses are standing outside in the winter staring from different angles. ", "three horses in a snowy field with trees in the background", "Three horses with white markings on their faces standing in snow."]
["Two horses in a wooded area amongst bushes", "Two horses are looking towards the camera while standing in the woods.", "Two animals walking through high grass in the woods.", "Two horses gaze out from among the trees.", "Two horses walking through the woods together ."]
["A man riding on the back of a brown horse.", "A horse racing track at the Saratoga Race Course, with a horse and jockey running on the track, as another horse and jockey wait on the side.", "a couple of horses on the race track with only one running on it ", "A person on a horse on a dirt field.", "A jockey and his horse waiting on the side line."]
["Two men riding horses at a horse racing track.", "Two race horses running on a dirt track.", "One horse trails behind another during a race.", "Two horses are racing on a track. ", "Two horses and their riders on the race track"]
["A man riding a horse with trees and buildings in background.", "A rider gallops on his horse in the grass.", "A horseback rider is somewhat in the background of the field. ", "A man riding a horse during a jumping competition. ", "A person on a horse on a field with a building in the background."]
["Several people dressed as knights on horses in a courtyard.", "The performers at Medieval Times are dressed as knights in different colors.", "A group of knights are gathered around to perform.", "A LARGE CROWD OF OBSERVERS WATCHING A GROUP OF KNIGHTS", "A group of people in costumes and most on horses carrying flags."]
["Two adults playing a game in a arena.", "two men on horses jousting each other in an arena", "Two people jousting on horseback with a watching crowd.", "A couple of people dressed in knight outfits jousting.", "some knights horses flags sand and people "]
["A man in black leading an all white horse", "Mythical character with white horse standing on grooved surface.", "A white horse with blue haunches stands next to an elegantly dressed, black-haired man holding a sword.", "A person with a horse and a sword.", "a couple of small figures of a man and a horse"]
["A woman in a wedding dress standing in a field near a corn farm and holding the bridle of a cream colored horse.", "A woman wearing a wedding dress holding a horse's bridle.", "A woman in a wedding dress in a field, holding a lead rope with a white horse.", "A women in a wedding dress holding a white horse. ", "The bride is impressed by the grace of the horse."]
["a hot dog on a bun with ketsup and lettuce on a plate", "there is a hot dog and lettuce on a plate", "A hot dog on a plate with lettuce.", "A hotdog on a bed of lettuce on a plate.", "A hotdog with ketchup in a bun on a bed of lettuce."]
["A white plate topped with different types of foods.", "A plate with cheese and a hotdog is sitting next to a cup of milk.", "A glass of milk sits next to a plate with meat, cheese and fruit on it.", "A plate with a variety of cheeses, sausages and fruits with a glass of milk.", "A glass of milk next to a plate with several different types of meats and cheeses on it."]
["The baseball player is up to bat and ready to hit a homerun", "a man is holding a baseball bat at a game", "A base ball player holding a bat next to a  base.", "A Red Sox player stands at the ready at the plate.", "There is a man playing a game of baseball."]
["A plate that has food on top of it with powdered sugar.", "A breakfast item on a plate is sitting on a table.", "different kinds of food on a glass plate", "a bowl with some pancakes and toppings on it", "Pancakes on a plate with banana, sauce and whipped cream toppings"]
["A baseball player bending over to hit a ball.", "A man swinging a bat during a baseball game.", "some baseball players are playing baseball on a field", "A baseball player swinging a bat at a pitch", "a baseball player hitting a baseball at home base"]
["A try with a banana and two oranges visible on it", "Banana and oranges on a lunch try next to bowls.", "a white tray with a banana and two tangerines and a plate and bowl", "A banana sits by two oranges, a bowl and a white plate on a white tray.", "a banana and two oranges sit on a tray next to a bowl and a plate"]
["A stack of banana's sitting next  to a pear and a pile of apples.", "A plate of fruit that includes bananas, pears and apples.", "Plate on the table covered with bananas, apples and a pear", "A wooden table with a white plate of fresh fruit sitting on it.", "An array of apples and bananas lay on a plate"]
["A group of boys playing a little league baseball game.", "Kids standing around with baseball gloves on the field as one kid walks to base with a helmet on.", "Several young boys are playing a baseball game.", "five boys standing out in a baseball field ", "Small boys playing baseball on a baseball field."]
["A group of children playing baseball out side.", "Group of children with baseball gloves throwing balls back and forth.", "Some children are playing softball on a field.", "this is a group of children playing baseball", "A group of kids that are standing in the grass."]
["Many calendars and bunches of bananas hanging on a wall.", "Clusters of bananas and pictures hanging on a wall.", "A large group of bananas hanging in front of posters", "Bunches of bananas hung on display at a  market.", "Bunches of bananas stacked on top of magazines. "]
["a plate that has a orange slice on it", "Orange slice sitting on a white plate with ornament around. ", "A plate with a orange on it and designs. ", "An orange slice with a scoop of sherbert ice cream.", "Some food sitting on a white plate with orange lines."]
["A display in a store filled with lots of ripe bananas.", "Many bunches of bananas sit atop this grocery store display case.", "A large display of ripe bananas in a supermarket produce section.", "A banana display at an indoor grocery store. ", "A lot of bananas on a shelf in a grocery store."]
["A baseball player with one leg kicked up preparing to throw a ball", "A baseball player winding up for a pitch.", "A baseball player prepares to throw the ball.", "A man is leaning back to throw a ball", "A male baseball player is preparing to throw the ball"]
["A man standing on a baseball field holding a catchers mitt.", "A baseball player is crouched and waiting attentively.", "A third basemen engages in a defensive position.", "A baseball player prepares to catch a ball.", "A man in a white baseball uniform and a black cap stands on a baseball field as the stands are full of people."]
["A man on water skis prepares to jump the pole", "A man is participating in a water sport.", "A man prepares to go surfing in the water.", "a surfer riding small waves in the ocean", "a man water skiing at in the water at the beach"]
["A couple of kids standing on top of a grass covered field.", "A little boy wearing a baseball uniform stands by a little girl. ", "A young boy in a baseball uniform and a young girl are standing in front of a chain link fence.", "A little boy and girl standing on a baseball field. The boy has a uniform on.", "A young baseball player is standing next to a young girl."]
["A table topped with baskets filled with ripe bananas.", "A variety of fruit, bunches of bananas, tangerines, etc. ", "Bunches of bananas and other fruit and vegetables displayed in buckets", "A huge assortment of fruit with a lot of bananas.", "Closeup of various baskets of food that include bananas and potatoes."]
["A pile of oranges with on sliced on top.", "a close up of many oranges with one sliced orange", "A pile of oranges for sale the the price on a  sign on top of them.", "A large arrangement of oranges has a sale sign on it.", "I large group of oranges in a pile with a sign saying how much they cost."]
["Plastic container filled with oranges sitting on a green shelf.", "Man baskets of apricots are arranged on a shelf.", "There are many oranges inside of the containers.", "a table full of cartons of apricots on display", "Small pails of oranges displayed on a shelf in a produce section."]
["Pitcher on a pitcher's mound throwing a baseball.", "a pitcher for the red sox in motion to through a ball.", "A man in red jersey throwing a baseball on field.", "A pitcher in a baseball game on the mound in action.", "A baseball player throwing a pitch onto the field"]
["Two white plates topped with lots of desserts.", "A white paper plate filled with different types of chocolate desserts.", "A paper plate with chocolate deserts sits on a blue covered table.", "A plate filled with desserts is sitting on a dinner table.", "A close up a plate filled with a variety of chocolate desserts "]
["A couple of people in the snow on some skis.", "Children stand in front of a stop sign with their skis on", "A woman and a child standing next to each other.", "A boy and a girl on there ski's .", "Two kids wearing skis standing in the snow."]
["Some bunches of red bananas on a stalk.", "A tree with a bunch of red bananas next to lots of leaves.", "Platanos growing on tree with much green behind", "Branch of tree with something growing on it.", "A small red plant similar to a banana plant."]
["Set of bananas hanging off of a banana tree.", "Two bunches of green bananas on banana trees.", "Bunches of green bananas hanging down from trees.", "Banana trees with large  hanging bunches of bananas.", "There are some green bananas hanging in bunches"]
["A man in his skiing gear is posing for the camera. ", "A man on skis at the peak of a slope looking back.", "A man in black jacket on skis standing next to a mountain.", "A person on skis stands on the snow.", "A man standing in the snow on top of the mounting about to go skiing."]
["A man is on the ski slope on a sunny day.", "a man skiing on the side of a hill", "A single skier stands still on the slopes and casts a shadow in the snow.", "Man skiing down snow covered mountain side in the ice weather.", "A person who is all bundled up standing in the snow on skis."]
["A person wearing a banana headdress and necklace", "A lady dressed in a blue and purple outfit wearing a hat made of fruit.", "A person wearing a hat made out of yellow bananas.", "Person with bananas on head and banana necklace.", "A woman wears a hat that is made of bananas"]
["A man in hat made of bananas standing in room by men.", "A man wearing a colorful outfit and a hat made of bananas.", "A man that has bananas on his head and shoulders.", "a man wearing a plastic banana hat and necklace", "A smiling guy with a very funny looking hat of bananas."]
["A man wearing a hat and necklace made of bananas.", "A man wearing a necklace and hat made of bananas.", "A person with a bananas in a costume laughing", "A person dressed in costume, wearing a banana hat and a banana necklace.", "A performer poses joyously in a banana costume."]
["broccoli being sauteed in a pan with a wooden spoon", "A pot of vegetables cooking on the stove.", "Broccoli stir fry in a frying pan on the stove ", "A wooden spoon accompanied by a cooking pan filled with stir-fried broccoli and onions.", "A wooden spoon stirs vegetables cooking in a pan. "]
["Two men in skis are standing on a ski slope.", "Two skiers stand on top of a snowy hill.", "a couple of people on skis pose in the snow ", "Two men are snow boarding in the mountain.", "two men standing by each other on a snowy hill "]
["Several slices of bread with side salads on a table.", "A table with a plate of cut pizza, two plates of salad, and a can of soda.", "Three plates of food consisting of pizza, salads, rice and a can of cola", "Several plates of food including fried dough and salads.", "A meal containing soda, salad pizza and rice on a table."]
["A bunch of doughnuts that are on a plate.", "There is a variety of donuts on a plate.", "A plate of several kinds of donuts on a wooden table", "a plate with a bunch of doughnuts on it ", "A plate that has various types of donuts on it."]
["A white plate topped with four donuts covered in frosting.", "Four different kinds of donuts on a plate.", "A plate of four different donuts on a table. ", "a bunch of donuts with different frosting and designs", "A plate of bagels with various toppings on a white plate. "]
["A meal of vegetables and seafood mixed together.", "Cooked shrimp sits among broccoli and other vegetables.", "A variety of vegetable that include carrots, and carrots. ", "A bunch of different vegetables are mixed together", "A  plate of broccoli, carrots, onions along with shrimp."]
["A group of three men standing on a baseball field.", "Three men are standing on a baseball field with a crowd watching.", "Back view of three men on a baseball field.", "Three players standing on the field during a break during a baseball game", "Three people walk across an empty baseball field. "]
["A young child holding on to a rope and wearing a pair of skis", "Small child on skis holding a rope in snow. ", "A skiing child is holding onto a rope.", "a small child sitting on some skis in the snow", "a kid with very warm clothes pulling a rope"]
["there are many baseball players greeting each other on the field", "Baseball players high-fiving each other on a baseball field", "Baseball players are celebrating with each other after a win. ", "a number of baseball players on a field with each other", "A group of men on a baseball field giving each other high fives."]
["A man riding skis on top of a snow covered slope.", "An adult and child standing in the snow wearing jackets.", "A man and little girl are on skis in the snow.", "A man and a child skiing on a snowy plain.", "a person riding skis on a snowy surface "]
["a black bicycle parked near a large branch carrying bananas", "A bicycle parked in the sand has a large tray on the back with mangoes and bananas on display.", "a bicycle with a basket filled with bananas and other fruit", "A bike with a basket full of mangoes and bananas.", "A rusty bicycle filled with mangoes and bananas."]
["A close up of a plate of pasta containing broccoli.", "A dish of pasta and broccoli is covered by finely shredded cheese.", "Pasta dish with cheese and vegetables served on plate.", "A plate of sime sort of pasta with meat and broccoli", "A plate of pasta with broccoli, beef, and cheese."]
["A white paint holding food that includes broccoli and meat.", "A main entree with vegetables on a decorative plate. ", "A plate of steak, corn and steamed broccoli.", "Red and white plate full of meat and vegetables.", "A bunch of food is loaded onto a plate"]
["Closeup of a white plate with a maggot in a piece of broccoli.", "A couple of pieces of broccoli with a caterpillar emerging from it.", "A white plate topped with a piece of broccoli and a bug laying in sauce.", "A piece of broccoli with a fork and twig.", "A piece of broccoli with a plate and a large worm."]
["A bowl of various candies mixed in a red bowl.", "A person holding a red bowl filled with cake.", "SOMEONE IS HOLDING A RED PLASTIC BOWL OF JUNK FOOD", "A person that is holding a bowl with food.", "A bowl filled with ice cream, sprinkles, cherries and other toppings."]
["A small boy holding a plate of tasty looking food.", "Boy holding bowl of ice cream sundae up", "A child holding up a red plate full of foo.", "A young man holding a pale of sweet treats.", "A boy showing off a bowl with an ice cream sundae."]
["An old woman in a flowered dress is holding a plate of bananas.", "an older person with a bowl of bananas standing", "An older woman in a colorful skirt is holding a plate of bananas.", "A black woman wearing a dress holding a plate in her hand with bananas on it. ", "A little old lady holding a bowl of bananas."]
["A bowl of chicken and vegetables is shown.", "a bowl of soup with vegetables and other foods", "A bowl of soup with onions, broccoli and chicken.", "A bowl containing soup made up of broccoli, red onions, cauliflower and scallions.", "A bowl is filled with meat and different types of vegetables."]
["A fork next to an apple, orange and onion.", "a close up of a fork an orange an apple and an onion", "A fork, apple, orange and onion lined up in a row.", "A fork, apple, orange and onion sitting on a surface.", "A fork, an apple, and orange and an onion sitting in a row."]
["A person getting ready to use an apple slicer", "Someone holding an apple slicer over an apple.", "A hand holding a fruit slicer above an apple.", "a person putting an apple slicer over an apple", "An apple slicer is over a green apple."]
["Three pieces of broccoli on and around a small chair.", "A tiny chair and pieces of broccoli on a white surface.", "A group of celery are posed with a mini chair.", "three stalks of broccoli one sitting on a chair", "Three pieces of broccoli arranged standing up with one piece on a miniature chair"]
["A skateboarder doing a trick with skyscrapers in the background.", "A skateboarder doing a trick on the side of concrete steps.", "A person riding his skateboard on cement steps.", "A skateboarder grinding a curb next to a stairway.", "three buildings in the background and a skateboarder doing a trick"]
["A man on skis posing for a photo.", "A man that is on ski's standing in the snow.", "The cross country skier stops to wait for his friends.", "A man smiles as he turns to look behind him while skiing.", "A man in his ski gear is out in the snow, posing. "]
["a plate of vegetables amongst bowls of rice", "A yellow plate topped with Chinese food on a table.", "A plate of chicken and broccoli next to bowls of rice.", "A plate full of food that includes rice, chicken and broccoli.", "A plate of food that has some meat and broccoli on it."]
["A man posing for a picture while holding a skateboard.", "A young man holding a skateboard in front of a skateboard ramp.", "a person holding a skate board at a skate park", "A man holding a skateboard at a skateboard park.", "A teenager standing on a ramp while holding a skateboard."]
["A plate of pasta shells, broccoli and legumes.", "A plate of vegetables and pasta are ready to be eaten. ", "A mixture of food all on a plate .", "Pasta with broccoli, garbanzo beans, and corn on plate", "A pasta and broccoli salad is shown with garbanzo beans."]
["A group of people riding skis across snow covered ground.", "Three people smile as they each hold ski poles.", "Three people standing holding ski poles in snow, of which, a man and a woman are smiling into the camera, beside another woman looking away, with evergreens, and two people in distance.", "some people standing in the snow while holding some ski poles ", "these three people are standing on skis in the snow"]
["This is a large fish that is in an aquarium. ", "A number of fish inside an aquarium near a tape measure.", "Fish in an aquarium tank with a tape measure stretched at bottom.", "a a bunch of orange fish are in a tank", "A fish and some broccoli in a glass tank."]
["A young girl is skiing as others are far down the slope.", "A person with some skis in the snow.", "Skiers skiing in the snow with their skis on the ski slope. ", "A young girl riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A woman wearing a red jack and black pants skiing. "]
["A girl in the snow wearing vintage ski equipment.", "Black and white photograph of a woman on skis.", "A thick woman riding skis on top of a snow covered slope.", "A large woman in a skirt has fun skiing.", "A woman on skis holding one hand up with a pole."]
["a skier and a snowboarder in front of a large house", "A person skiing and a person snowboarding on slope.", "A person on skis a d one one a snowboard, facing the opposite way.", "A man and a woman on skis in the snow.", "Two skiers are on their skis on the snow."]
["A plate with broccoli down the sides and some white, rolled up things in the middle.", "a close up of a plate of food with broccoli", "Broccoli and rolled vegetables sit on a square plate.", "The plate of food has broccoli on each side.", "A plate of rolled up food and broccoli "]
["Two wine glasses and bread on top of a piece of paper", "Two glasses of red wine with a piece of bread and cheese in between.", "Two glasses holding red wine sit on a piece of paper on a wooden surface.", "Two half-full glasses of wine are sitting on paper with bread and cheese.", "a close up of a sheet of paper with a piece of bread near two glasses of wine"]
["A grasshopper in a cage eating a slice of carrot.", "a close up of a large bug eating something", "A grasshopper in a cage eating something that is orange colored.", "A giant cricket in a cage eating an orange slice.", "An insect is chewing some carrot inside a wooden cage. "]
["A cricket inside of a small cage on a table..", "There is some sort of insect inside of a cage", "A large insect inside a white cage, which is on a counter", "A bug in a cage or trap eating something orange.", "The large bug is trapped inside the cage on the counter. "]
["A smiling young boy holds a skateboard as young men skateboard in the background.", "A young child holding a skateboard in a skate park.", "A little boy by a skateboard park holding a skateboard.", "Young boy holding a skateboard at a park.", "A young child is holding a skate board next to some ramps."]
["A black and white photo of a man in the air with his skateboard.", "A man practices skate boarding in a skatepark.", "A man that is in the air with a skateboard.", "An individual is in the open view in the image.\n", "a man is doing a trick on a skateboard"]
["A young boy with safety gear on a skate board in his backyard", "a young person riding a skate board near a field", "A young boy in a backyard standing with one foot on a skateboard.", "A young boy wearing protective gear riding a skateboard", "A  young boy on a patio with a skate board."]
["A man is skateboarding near the parked cars, ", "A person wearing a hooded jacket traveling with his skate board down the road.", "a man riding on a skate board down the middle of the street", "A person skateboarding down a street with cars parked along both sides of the street.", "A person skateboarding down the middle of a street."]
["A girl is skateboarding down the Hollywood walk of fame.", "A woman who is skateboarding down the street.", "A woman with glasses and a scarf skateboards along Hollywood's Walk of Fame.", "lady in front of a store standing on a pink skateboard", "A woman is riding her skate board down the sidewalk."]
["A bunch of fresh carrots still covered with dirt in a basket.", "Freshly picked carrots with dirt on them sit in a basket. ", "Carrots sit in a basket covered in soil.", "A pile of carrots in a woven basket.", "Carrots picked from the earth are still dirty."]
["A young lady riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "a kid that is skiing down a snowy hill", "A young child learning how to ski down a slope.", "A girl in red skiing on a very snowy mountain", "A young person in a red winter suit skiing down a snow covered hill."]
["The clock on the building is in the shape of a coffee cup.", "A large  white, blue, and red clock shaped like a cup.", "A clock is shaped like a coffee mug.", "A clock attached to a building is shaped like a coffee cup.", "A cock on the side of a giant cup."]
["a man wearing a backpack and green jacket", "A man on skis wears orange boots, a green jacket and a yellow backpack.", "A man wearing a backpack and skis sits on the mountain.", "A man standing in the snow with ski gear.", "a woman is a green jacket is in the snow"]
["Two toothbrushes and a tube of toothpaste are in a cup.", "A coffee cup with a couple of tooth brushes and a tube of tooth paste.", "Miniature electric toothbrushes and toothpaste inside a cup.", "Electric toothbrushes and toothpaste standing in a coffee cup.", "two toothbrushes and a tube of toothpaste in a cup"]
["Two men on skateboards on  the pavement", "Two young skateboarders are skating near each other.", "Two young men riding skateboards on a sidewalk.", "There are two men riding on their skateboards", "A man and a boy traveling on skateboards."]
["A person riding a skateboard down a road.", "a person is standing on top of a skate board", "Someones feet on a skateboard with their shoes on. ", "A man standing on a skateboard on a road", "A person wearing sneakers riding a skateboard on cement."]
["a person riding a skate board grinding on a rail", "A man riding a skateboard next to a chain link fence.", "A SKATEBOARDER DOING STUNT IN THE SKATING ARENA.", "Man in white tank top and green shoes skate boarding.", "Skateboarder on his board grinding against a metal bar. "]
["A person on a skateboard on the edge of a ramp.", "A male skater riding his board on a ramp.", "A skateboarder balancing his board on the edge of a ramp.", "A skateboarder does a trick in a skate park.", "A man riding a skateboard on a ramp."]
["A small boy on a skate board on a ramp.", "A young male child in an orange shirt skateboarding down a ramp.", "A young boy who is riding on a skateboard.", "A startled child on a skateboard, on a ramp with metal railings, looks upwards. ", "Boy on skateboard on a down ramp near going into a parking lot. "]
["A person doing a \"Manual\" on a skateboard at night", "A young person is riding a skateboard in the street.", "A person on a skateboard wearing colorful tennis shoes.", "PERSON ON A SKATE BOARD WITH COLORFUL TENNIS SHOES ON", "A boy wearing shorts and sneakers stands on a skateboard"]
["a lady wearing ski equipment in the snow", "a person riding skis on a snowy surface ", "A female Skiier moving along in the snow posing for picture", "a person that is skiing across some snow", "A woman riding skis across a snow covered slope."]
["a man that is standing on a snowy field", "A person on skis is getting ready to throw a snowball.", "A person is winding back to throw a snowball while on skis.", "A person on skis in the snow throwing a snowball.", "A person on skis that is throwing a snowball."]
["A woman riding skis down a ski slope holding ski poles.", "Happy skier skiing down hill with demolished snowman to the left.", "A skier flies by a an old hillside shanty.", "A woman skiing down a snowy ski slope.", "A woman in the process of down hill skiing."]
["A child eating a sandwich with relish on it.", "A girl eats a messy burger with ketchup on her face.", "A child at table eating a hotdog with various condiments.", "A person sitting at a table holding a sandwich.", "A  photo of a small kid taking a hotdog "]
["Man performing a trick on a skateboard with monochrome black and white", "a few guys in a public place on skate boards", "A man with a cap is jumping on a skateboard.", "a skate boarding kid does tricks out side", "a few men that are skateboarding across the lot"]
["Two skateboarders riding their boards on a sidewalk.", "two people riding skate boards near one another ", "a couple of people are riding on skateboards outside", "a couple of people that are riding around on some skatboards", "Two skateboarders are riding on a slanted walkway. "]
["a close up of a child eating something", "A girl sitting at a table taking a big bite of food", "A girl in a black jacket eating a burrito.", "The young girl in a jacket is biting a sandwich.", "A young girl eating some sort of sandwich."]
["A skateboarder is near the edge of a skateboard ledge.", "A man is skateboarding in a skate park. ", "Teenagers are watching a boy skateboard on a skateboard ramp. ", "A man on his skateboard riding ramps at a skating event. ", "A guy on a skate board on a big ramp."]
["A little girl sitting at a table eating a hot dog.", "A kid eating a hot dog in a restaurant. ", "Child biting into a hot dog with a basket on the table and a man sitting at the table behind her.", "a happy kid eating a hot dog at a restaurant table ", "A child in a colorful hoodie biting into a sandwich."]
["A person riding down a sidewalk on a skateboard.", "A person riding on a skateboard on a brick sidewalk.", "Person on skateboard on sidewalk passing newspaper boxes.", "A PERSON SKATEBOARDING ON THE SIDE OF THE ROAD", "A young person is skateboarding on a side of the street. "]
["A snow boarder is going down an indoor slope.", "A man riding a snow board down a snow covered slope.", "A man on skis is in a covered building.", "A man in black jacket on snow slope that is indoors.", "Guy slides down indoor snow track on snowboard"]
["A child sitting with container that has chips and a hot dog in it.", "A child sitting at a table with a hot dog, pickle and chips in front of her.", "A little girl sitting in front of a container with a hot dog and chips with a pickle.", "A small girl smiles, holding a tray with a hot dog and nachos.", "A child smiling in front of a hotdog, in a restaurant. "]
["A person is standing in the snow near a tree with skis and snowboards. ", "Snowboards resting upon a tree, with man hiding inside it like fort", "A person holds a snowboard in front of a tree with snowboards leaning on it.", "a person holding some skis walking through the snow ", "a a couple of snowboards are up against a tree"]
["A young woman taking a bite of food", "A young girl is eating a messy sandwich.", "A black child who is enjoying a sandwich.", "A child bites into a sandwich with gusto.", "an african american child wearing a green shirt eating a sandwich"]
["A person standing on a street with some food.", "A man is hoding a large hotdog outside", "A man holding a hot dog in his hands while wearing a bag.", "A MAN ON A WINTERY DAY IS EATING A HOT DOG", "A very serious looking man holding some food."]
["A display case in  a sandwich shop filled with sandwiches.", "A deli case full of fresh made sandwiches.", "A display of food with price tags in front.", "There are plenty of sandwiches to buy in the store.", "a display case of a bunch of pastries like donuts and muffins "]
["Two men riding snowboards in a snow storm down a slope.", "Two people are snowboarding down a hill fast", "Two men use their snowboards to go down a snowy incline.", "two snow boarders skiing down a mountain ", "Two men snow boarding and laughing together on the mountain "]
["A man holding a sausage dog and looking at the sausage dog", "A man looks at a hot dog he is eating.", "A man is eating a hot dog while wearing a suit.", "A man holds up a partially eaten hotdog.", "A man in a suit stares at a chili dog with cheese."]
["Man on skateboard riding around a garage next to car.", "a man talking on a phone riding a skate board ", "A man riding a skateboard on the cement near a car.", "A man riding on a skateboard near a crate.", "man on skateboard beside a milk crate in driveway"]
["A long hot dog on a plate on a table.", "a very long hot dog on a plastic plate", "A foot long hot dog on top of two buns.", "Long hot dog using two buns on paper plate.", "A foot long hotdog on two regular buns on a Styrofoam plate."]
["A plate has oranges and a chocolate donut.", "A plate of orange slices and meat with three forks on it.", "A food entree is served on a plate.", "A plate with a chocolate and a sliced orange.", "A chocolate donut on a plate with orange wedges on the side. "]
["a boy eating a doughnut and holding a coffee cup", "A bespectacled man about to eat a donut in the park", "a man in glasses is holding a snadwich", "A man who looks like the zodiac killer eating a donut while holding a yellow cup.", "a male in a gray sweatshirt is holding a donut and a drink"]
["The woman is eating her doughnut while sitting out on the bench. ", "A woman eating a doughnut on a wooden park bench.", "Woman in glasses eating a donut on the bench", "a close up of a person eating a doughnut", "A woman eating a donut on a park bench."]
["Boiled eggs, tea and donuts on a picnic table", "A disply of fresh donuts on a picnic table.", "A wooden table with several donuts and eggs.", "many doughnuts on wax paper on a table ", "There are some eggs,doughnuts and two drinks displayed on some white paper or cloth."]
["Closeup of a table with donuts and a red bowl.", "Donuts on top of wax paper on a table.", "several glazed donuts sit on a table with a bowl of liquid", "Three doughnuts sitting on tissue paper around a cup of tea.", "Three pastries on napkins sit on a table."]
["A man eating a hotdog in a kitchen", "A man eating a hot dog inside of a room.", "A man eating bread in a restaurant ", "There is a man that is eating something and looking at sosthing", "A guy makes a weird face as he eats what looks like a hot dog."]
["An explorer or adventurer hikes in a remote area in challenging weather.", "a snowboarder sliding down a snowy mountain with wind.", "A man riding a snow board down a snow covered slope.", "This is a person with a jacket, pants and a mask on in a sandy place. ", "Man on large open area covered with snow."]
["A small dog chewing on hot dog like dog toy.", "The dog is sitting on a pillow and eating a hot dog.", "A dog is lounged on a bean bag while chewing a hot dog toy.", "A dog chewing on a chew toy while sitting on a beanbag.", "A small dog is chewing on a chew toy."]
["A little girl posing for a picture while eating food.", "Little girl smiles for the camera as she eats her sandwich", "A young girl smiles while enjoying her meal.", "An Asian child eating a hot dog sitting at a table. ", "A girl eating a hotdog at a wooden table."]
["A little girl sitting in the middle of a restaurant and smiling for picture.", "A girl with a missing front tooth enjoys a hotdog. ", "A young child is sitting at a bar and eating.", "there is a small girl sitting at the counter eating", "A young girl eating food at a restaurant. "]
["TWO DONUTS WITH SPRINKLES ARE ON A DESK", "Two donuts that have sprinkles on them sitting on a plate.", "Two donuts are on a plate on a desk.", "A plate of pastries in front of a computer keyboard.", "a couple of pastries are on a white plate"]
["Two people outside in snow gear with a snowboard.", "Two people dressed in snow suits looking at a snow board.", "Two snowboarders are preparing their girl for the ski.", "Two people in ski gear looking at a snow board at night", "Two people wearing snow suits conversing about a snowboard."]
["A young boy holding a snow board and a pair of shoes.", "A boy is holding his shoes and a snowboard.", "A guy smiling, wearing a blue jacket, holding a snowboard. ", "A young man looks delighted with his shiny snowboard.", "Getting geared up to do a little snow boarding."]
[" Persons skating in the ice skating rink on the skateboard.", "A snowboard sliding very gently across the snow in an enclosure.", "A person on a snowboard getting ready for competition.", "Man on snowboard riding under metal roofed enclosed area.", "A snowboarder practicing his moves at a snow facility."]
["A person is seen using a snowboard on the packed snow.", "A boy on a snowboard sliding on a slope ", "A man riding down a slope on a snowboard. ", "A man skis down a snowy hill wearing a blue hat and jacket. ", "A man riding a snowboard on top of snow covered ground."]
["A man holds a snowboard inside a building with snow while people hang out in the background.", "Man standing up posing for a picture with his snowboard.", "A man posing with his skateboard in an inside rink.", "The man poses for a picture while holding a snowboard.", "Young man posing with his snow board inside a building."]
["A group of snowboarders standing outside a lodge", "A group of people walking through the snow in front of a hotel.", "A group of people with snowboards outside of a lodge.", "A group of skiers takes off their skis near the lodge.", "Snowboarders hanging around in front of a building at the bottom of a ski hill."]
["Assortment of doughnuts and other snack items on a serving tray.", "there are many different sweets and donuts on display", "A display case at a bakery with different items. ", "A glass bakery case with pastries and several kinds of doughnuts.", "Donuts and pastries sit on trays in a store."]
["A metal table holding two donuts covered in sprinkles.", "Two donuts are placed together on a napkin. ", "The donuts on the napkins are very colorful. ", "A couple of doughnuts on a napkin on a table.", "a close up of two sprinkled doughnuts on napkins"]
["A little boy sitting on a wooden bench eating half a sandwich.", "a small boy with a green shirt is eating a sandwich", "A young boy sitting on a bench with a sandwich. ", "A little boy holding half a sandwich in each hand.", "A boy is holding a sandwich up to his face."]
["A baby in a carseat eating a donut.", "a close up of a child in a car seat with a doughnut", "an image of a child eating a donut", "a young boy in car seat holding a donut", "The young child is eating a donut in the car. "]
["A glass display of different varieties of donuts.", "A bunch of doughnuts that are behind a glass.", "A variety of donuts in a glass case.", "A display case of donuts and other sweets", "The display case is filled with donuts with colorful icing. "]
["Muffins and other pastries on display ground and purchase", "a bunch of baked goods in a plastic shelf", "a bunch of pastries that are in a clear case", "Various muffins and pastries on trays inside plastic cabinets", "Various muffins and pastries lined up in plastic cabinets", "Different types of types of pastries sitting on display together. "]
["A little girl holding twp donuts in her hands.", "Two kids with donuts and frosting on their fingers.", "A girl holds two donuts as a boy watches", "A girl eats doughnuts in front of a boy", "a boy and a girl and the girl is holding two pink donuts"]
["A lady sitting at an enormous dining table with lots of food.", "a woman with eye glasses sitting at a table covered with food", "Several plates of food on a dining table.", "A guest looks over the plates of fruit on the table.", "A woman standing near a table with plates covered in food."]
["A box of donuts of different colors and varieties.", "a close up of a box of doughnuts ", "A box is full of a variety of different donuts.", "A box containing ten different kids of doughnuts. ", "A box filled with lots of different flavored donuts."]
["A meal at a restaurant of a salad, a toasted sandwich and a pickle", "A plate of food containing a sandwich and a salad.", "A grilled cheese sandwich with a side of salad and a pickle", "A plate with a sandwich and a pickle", "there is a sandwich and lettuce on a plate"]
["Panini and fries are are on a lunch platter are served with dressings.", "A sandwich with toothpicks and french fries are on a plate.", "A grilled sandwich and french fries on a white plate.", "Closeup of a table with a plate of food that includes a sandwich and fries.", "This person ordered some sandwich melts with fries on the side."]
["A table with a coffee and a salad on it.", "A deli lunch for two on a table with drinks", "A sandwich wrapped in a bag, a to-go coffee cup and a drink sits on top of a white table.", "A sandwich and two coffees sitting on a table.", "In-flight meal of a bagged sandwich and drinks"]
["A bunch of doughnuts with sprinkles on them", "Tray of chocolate donuts with sprinkles in a display case.", "Donuts on a tray in a display case ", "A display of yummy looking chocolate covered donuts with sprinkles.", "A tray full of sprinkle covered, chocolate glazed doughnuts."]
["A man in black jersey holding a basketball above his head.", "a person with a tattoo holding a basketball", "A man in a black shirt with an arm tattoo holding a basketball over his head. ", "A man holding a basketball in his hands in the dark.", "Tatooed young man holding a basketball over his head."]
["A basket ball player is posing in front of a basket.", "A uniformed boy is holding a basketball with his back to the hoop.", "A young man in a green jersey is holding a ball.", "A basketball player holds a basketball for a picture.", "A person with a basketball stands in front of a goal."]
["A man kicking a soccer ball on a field.", "A soccer player in the field kicking a soccer ball.", "A man that is standing in the grass with a soccer ball.", "a guy in a uniform kicking a soccer ball ", "A person kicks a soccer ball on a field"]
["A sheet cake sitting on top of a table with lit candles.", "A birthday cake with candles and a cell phone.", "Someone lights the other candles on the cake. ", "A birthday cake with a cell phone on it is being lit.", "an image of a 2nd year birthday cake"]
["A cake inside of a pan sitting in an oven.", "Something delicious and sweet is done baking in the oven.", "Something baking in a pan in the oven and rising out of the pan.", "a close up of a cake being cooked in an oven", "A cake in a pan sitting on the rack of an oven."]
["A person riding a surfboard on a wave in a wet suit.", "A male surfer catching a wave wearing a bodysuit.", "The surfer with black and blue outfit rides the wave with his blue and white surfboard.", "Man in a wetsuit on top of a blue and white surfboard.", "A man in a full body wetsuit and water shoes on a surfboard riding a wave."]
["A sandwich cut in half served with coffee", "A tray with two sandwich halves, a salad, a cup of coffee and a fork and spoon.", "lunch tray with sandwich on a doily, salad, and cup of coffee", "a close up of food on a tray with a sandwich", "A tray topped with a sandwich, coffee and salad."]
["2 teams of young kids playing soccer against each other.", "there are many young children playing a soccer game together", "Many soccer players are competing for control of the ball. ", "A group of kids playing soccer on a field.", "Some children are playing soccer on a grassy field,"]
["A group of children running after a soccer ball", "Four boys are on a grassy area near a white soccer ball.", "Three children having fun playing soccer on a soccer field.", "Children wearing team uniforms, playing soccer in a grassy field.", "Kids chasing a soccer ball on the grass."]
["A soccer team is praying on the field.", "A bunch of youth soccer players huddling around each other.", "Kids are standing together in the grass with a soccer ball.", "A bunch of kids are getting to ready to play soccer.", "The team of soccer players are kneeling around the coach."]
["A young man and woman playing a game of soccer.", "Two children kick a soccer ball back and forth in a park.", "young children playing soccer in a grassy area with a white soccer ball", "Two boys contending over a soccer ball on a soccer field.", "A boy and a girl play soccer together on the soccer field. "]
["A baby boy sits in a high chair next to a green and white cake.", "a small boy playing with z toy tractor from a cake", "A young child who has a big cake in front of him.", "The boy is playing with a tractor that goes on his cake.", "A young boy in a highchair with a large birthday cake."]
["Two men holding onto a knife about to cut a cake.", "A man prepares to cut a cake while standing near another man.", "a couple of guys cutting a small cake", "two men in suits cutting a wedding cake. ", "The two men are cutting a white and blue cake"]
["A person stands in shallow water at the beach and looks at the ocean.", "a man walking out into the ocean wearing a wetsuit and carrying a surfboard.", "A person riding on top of water under a cloudy sky.", "A personr is standing in shallow water holding a surfboard.", "Someone is walking through water holding a surfboard."]
["A woman standing in a set suit on a beach holding a surfboard.", "Woman wearing all black holding up a white surfboard. ", "A female surfboarder dressed in black holding a white surfboard.", "a woman wearing a wet suit is holding a white surfboard", "Surfer on a black sand beach holding her board"]
["A man getting ready to kick a soccer ball.", "A man that is on a soccer field with a ball.", "A man carrying a soccer ball down a field.", "there is a man running on a field with a soccer ball", "The soccer player is bringing back the ball into play."]
["A man walking into the ocean while holding a surfboard.", "A black and white picture of a surfer walking into the water.", "A boy holds his board while walking into the ocean.", "A guy with bushy hair stands in the ocean holding a surfboard.", "Person walking into the waves while holding a surfboard"]
["Young boy riding large breaking wave in open ocean.", "THIS IS A BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO OF A SURFER", "The surfer in the black and white photo is on a huge wave. ", "A child rides a wave on a surfboard.", "A young child catching a wave while surfing."]
["A person swimming in the waves of a body of water.", "A person body surfing on a wave in the ocean.", "Surfer and black outfit coming down the front of a wave. ", "A person in a wave in the ocean.", "A person riding on a surfboard in the ocean."]
["female surfer riding a large ocean wave on a surfboard ", "A girl rides a surfboard on a large wave. ", "A man riding on top of a surfboard on top of a wave.", "A surfer is riding a wave in a greyscale picture.", "A person surfing on a wave that is crashing."]
["a group of men playing a game of soccer ", "a group of people that are kicking a soccer ball", "A group of people playing a game of soccer. ", "Two football teams with members surrounding ball. ", "a group of people playing soccer on a field "]
["A man kicking a soccer ball whle standing on a field.", "A man kicking a soccerball at a group of people on a field.", "A group of men are playing soccer on a field.", "There are two soccer teams playing a game on the field", "four soccer players in white uniforms one in orange"]
["A young man kicking a soccer ball around a field.", "A soccer player gets ready to kick the ball.", "A goalkeeper goes towards the ball, deciding where to kick it", "A man about to kick a soccer ball on the field", "an image of a man that is playing soccer "]
["Soccer player returns the ball from the goal.", "A soccer goalie by the net and holding the soccer ball.", "Man on a soccer field running with soccer ball.", "A man in yellow jersey holding a soccer ball on a field.", "A soccer goalie holding a soccer ball with his hand."]
["A soccer player looks up at a soccer ball.", "some men are playing soccer on a field with a blue ball", "A soccer game is in action as a player prepares to head but the ball.", "Man in an orange soccer jersey and white shorts looking up at a blue soccer ball. ", "A soccer player that is playing in a game."]
["A group of men playing a game of soccer on a field.", "A man in a blue uniform falls down while kicking a soccer ball as his team mate someone from the opposite team run on.", "Three men are playing soccer one man is on the grown.", "Three men going after a soccer ball on the field.", "Soccer players are scrambling for the ball with one player down."]
["A mom and her baby are laying on the couch.", "A woman and young child in a hospital room.", "Two kids on a bed together with a saline drip bag in the foreground.", "A girl and a young child on a hospital bed with an IV bag.", "A young child in a bed is hooked to an IV."]
["A group of young men playing a game of soccer.", "a group of men playing soccer on a field in an fenced area", "There are some men playing a game of soccer.", "Two teams are playing soccer on the field.", "Two teams of men are playing soccer on a field."]
["Here is a woman lying on a bed pointing her finger.", "A woman is pointing at the camera while lying down", "A person pointing while lying on a bed with a book on his lap", "A woman looking at a notebook pointing at the camera. ", "a girl laying down with a book pointing her finger at the camera"]
["Black and white photograph of two bare feet sticking out from the covers of a child's bed", "A pair of feet poke out from under a bed sheet.", "Someone's toes that are not covered by a blanket.", "A person laying in bed underneath a blanket.", "Bare feet sticking out from under the covers of a bed full of stuffed animals."]
["A plate that has a dessert on it.", "A chocolate and fudge dessert on layered pastry is on a red plate.", "A stack of pancakes on a plate with creme and chocolate. ", "a red plate with some chocolate and whip cream desert", "A small cake is covered in frosting on a plate."]
["A room filled with a metal rack with white pieces of cloth resting on it.", "A hospital room with a bed and curtains.", "Possible hospital room with cleaning bucket and drying rack.", "Latex gloves drying on a standing upright rack.", "A room with steel bed frames and plastic mattresses."]
["A collage of photos showing a house and some of its rooms.", "A collage of different bedroom and house pictures.", "Little pictures of a home including driveway, fireplace, bedroom, furniture, and pictures.", "Collage of mostly various interior rooms with one image of a driveway and house.", "many rooms well made with white sheets on bed"]
["A woman standing over a pan filled with food in a kitchen.", "A woman smiling while she prepares a plate of food. ", "a smiling woman standing next to a plate of food she made ", "A woman in a bright pink summer shirt smiles and displays a party platter she has made. ", "a person standing in front of a counter top and a tall pile of food"]
["Give candles light a decorative cake with white frosting.", "A white cake with black drizzled chocolate and candles", "a couple of candles are on a cake", "A cake that has candles that are lit on top of it.", "A white frosted cake with five lit candles "]
["A woman holds up a book as she attempts to read in bed.", "A person laying down in bed reading a book.", "A teenager is in bed reading a book.", "A person lying down, reading a novel in bed.", "A person reading a book while lying in a bed."]
["A man instructing a group of kids on a soccer field.", "A soccer coach is instructing the children on the field.", "A group of young children standing around a field.", "Dad coaches talking to the little soccer team players on the field", "Pair of adult males with group of small children with soccer balls."]
["Two beds with decorative wooden headboard and foot board, one is a double and one is a single", "Two differently sized hotel beds in a room with an open curtain.", "Two beds in a bedroom covered with blankets next to a window.", "A pair of twin beds in a cozy cottage house.", "Two beds in a room with orange walls and lovely curtains."]
["A young man poses with a surfboard next to water.", "A man holding a black and white surfboard in street clothes.", "a man holding a surfboard next to a fence", "a person standing holding a surf board ", "A man poses by the water with his surf board."]
["A mouse head shapped pizza sitting in a box.", "A pizza in a box is shaped like Mickey Mouse. ", "A large pizza in the shape of cat face with two ears,", "A pizza made in the shape of Mickey Mouse.", "A picture of a pizza in the shape of mickey mouse's head."]
["A bed covered in a ten sitting on a beach.", "At the beach resort, there is a privacy bed for rental ", "A bed under a white canopy on a sandy beach.", "a bed with a canopy on a beach", "A cabana covered bed on a sandy beach."]
["a person smiling eating a piece of pizza ", "A little girl laughing and eating a piece of pizza.", "A child frowning while eating a slice of pizza.", "A girl grimacing while eating a slice of pizza. ", "A small child frowning while eating a hot slice of pizza"]
["Group pf people learning how to surf on the beach.", "A group of surfers practicing on the beach.", "Five guys practicing surfboarding on the sandy beach.", "A group of people standing on top of surfboards next to the ocean.", "Five people standing on a beach next to a volley ball net."]
["A man holds a surf board and walks with a woman.", "Two people, one of whom is a surfer, walk side-by-side on the beach.", "A man and woman are walking up the beach after he has finished surfing.", "A young man with a surfboard walks down the beach with his large breasted female companion.", "A man and woman are on brown sand by the ocean."]
["Man sitting at a small table behind a pizza.", "A man sitting at a table with lots of food in front of him.", "Friends about to enjoy fresh pizza and coffee at a restaurant", "The Asian man is deciding what to eat on the plate.", "A man sits at the table with a large pizza on it."]
["A man in a wetsuit with a surfboard standing on a beach.", "This is an image of a man with a surfboard looking at the ocean.", "Rear view of surfboard holding man standing on beach.", "A person with a surfboard stands at the water.", "A man is holding a surfboard and staring out into the ocean."]
["A man eating a slice of pizza next to food stands.", "A man eating a piece of pizza at a fair, during the day.", "A man eats some pizza in a town fair.", "A man eats a slice of pizza at the carnival.", "A man eating some food near some shops."]
["A fat gray tiger cat laying on top of  bed up against a pillow.", "A cat sits on a white bed with sheets and pillows.", "A cat spreads it's legs in the middle of a bed.", "A cat sitting on a bed cleaning itself", "A cat propped up with pillows sitting on a bed."]
["two pizzas on plates on a dining table with a pink design table cloth", "There were two pizzas on the table ready to eat.", "Picture of two pizza pies on a date", "Two pizzas are on a table and a person is on the other side of the table.", "two white plates with pizza a pitcher of wine some glasses and silverware"]
["A baby grabs for a bite of pizza that a man is eating.", "A man holding a baby sits eating at a table of pizzas. ", "A man eating some pizza while holding a young child.", "A man holding a baby, eating and sitting at a table with two pizza atop.", "The man and the baby are sitting together "]
["Two people, one being a young girl, are playing tennis. ", "A young girl swinging a tennis racket during a game.", "a small girl in a blue shirt is playing tennis", "A little girl holding a tennis racquet next to another woman.", "a young girl plays tennis with a woman on an asphalt court"]
["there is a young girl running and playing tennis", "A young girl holding a tennis racquet in her right hand.", "A little girl leans to the side holding a tennis racket and a tennis ball.", "this child is in a playground holding a ball", "A little girl playing with a tennis ball and raquet."]
["An older woman standing next to two children.", "Kids and an old woman playing in the street ", "A lady and two children in the street playing with a tennis raquet.", "two young girls playing together tennis together outside", "Children are playing with an old woman in the street."]
["A plate with sliced pizza and a bottle of beer.", "A personal pizza and beer on a table", "Pizza toppings are situated fashionably alongside a beer.", "Delicious looking pizza on table with some beer poured in a glass", "A vegetable pizza is cut and ready to eat."]
["An Italian dish is presented on a white plate.", "Baked pizza with red tomatoes and green olives.", "A plate of food cut into slices has onions and olives on it.", "a pizza sliced in four slices on a plate", "ONIONS, TOMATOES AND OLIVES ATOP A PLATE ON A TABLE"]
["Living room decorated for Christmas with gifts galore", "a living room with many decorations hanging ", "A living room with a red carpet and a fire place.", "A living room with decorations set up for Christmas.", "Holiday decorations are hanging from the ceiling of a cluttered living room."]
["A man on a tennis court at night time.", "A man playing tennis outside on a tennis court at night.", "A man playing a game of tennis at night.", "A tennis player on a tennis court at night.", "A tennis player on the court at night."]
["A young girl eating a very tasty looking slice of pizza.", "Young girl sitting and eating a piece of cheese pizza.", "A young girl is eating a large slice of pizza.", "A young girl is staring at a piece of pizza.", "A little girl eating a slice of pizza on top of a white plate."]
["A full veggie pizza near a couple of plate of fries, are all ready to be eaten. ", "A pizza with multiple toppings including an egg.  ", "Closeup of a white plate holding a pizza next to plate of fries.", "A pizza sitting on top of a pan covered in cheese and vegetables.", "A pizza pie with vegetables of some sort on it."]
["the two racquets are close to being identical.", "a bunch of tennis rackets are tangles together ", "a couple of tennis rackets are laying together", "Two tennis rackets next to each other on a table. ", "One tennis racket is place on top of the other one.\n"]
["three guys sitting down eating sandwiches and smiling", "Three men eating sandwiches at a corner table.", "Two young men one old enjoying a meal at a restaurant ", "Three men all eating sub sandwiches at a restaurant. ", "Three men are sitting in a restaurant eating sandwiches."]
["A child eating a piece of cheese pizza.", "An African American girl eating a slice of pizza.", "A young girl eating a slice of pizza.", "A little girl eating a large piece of pizza", "a little girl eating a slice of pizza in a restaurant."]
["A  young woman holding a giant tennis racquet ", "A pretty young woman holding a giant tennis racquet.", "The girl is smiling, holding a gigantic tennis racket.", "an image of female tennis player holding a racket", "A girl is holding a novelty tennis racket in a very large size."]
["A female tennis player stands close to the net holding a racket. ", "A woman with a racket stands at a net.", "a lady tennis player standing close to the net", "A women is standing holding her tennis racket.", "Two females playing tennis on tennis court with fencing"]
["A man sitting at a table with a pizza on a cutting board.", "There is a man eating a slice of pizza.", "a man sitting at a table in front of a pizza holding one slice", "adult male eating meal at indoor restaurant seating area.", "A man eating pizza is sitting on a table."]
["A vegetarian pizza is half eaten on a pizza holder. ", "A couple of pieces of pizza with vegetable slices on them.", "A wooden pan serving tray with a pizza on it.", "A pizza on a cutting board is half gone.", "A Pizza is nearly finished with only three pieces left. "]
["a crowd watching a girl ready to hit the tennis ball", "A woman standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A tennis player prepares to hit a ball during a match.", "a woman looking up for a tennis ball ", "A female tennis player waiting for the ball to come down for the serve."]
["Children making their own personal pizzas with different toppings. ", "A boy and a girl making their own pizzas. ", "A young girl eating food from a box.", "a couple of little girls that are making some food", "A little girl is preparing food at a table"]
["A picture of a tennis player yelling passionately.", "Street poster of a man holding a tennis racket.", "An urban ad featuring tennis player Roger Federer.", "An advertisement with a male tennis player in it.", "A poster of an angry tennis player adorns a graffiti-ridden wall."]
["A smiling woman waves at the camera as she sits at a restaurant table in front of a piece of pizza.", "A woman at a restaurant eating a pizza.", "Lady sitting at a table with pizza waving at the camera.", "A photo of a woman sitting at a table with a plate of food.", "A woman is sitting next to a table with a pizza."]
["a pizza on a wooden table ready to be cooked", "A pie sitting on top of a wooden board near  stack of plates.", "An oven fired traditional pizza sits on a board in the kitchen.", "A pizza is sitting on a pizza stone fully cooked.", "A whole uncut pizza on a pizza paddle."]
["The chef is standing by a giant pan of pizza.", "A cook preparing food in a kitchen at a restaurant.", "A man is serving pizza at a table. ", "A chef slicing pizza to serve at a restaurant.", "Fresh baked pizza being served at a restaurant."]
["Living room with coffee table and a brown couch and chair.", "A living room with a couch and coffee table.", "A waiting room with a sofe, easy chair and reading material.", "A living room with a brown sofa, chair and coffee table.", "A living room has a couch, chair, and coffee table."]
["The living room wall has many framed pictures above the sofa.", "A living room is shown with tables and seating.", "A image taken from outside of a room with a leather chair. ", "A comfy and cozy looking bachelor's living room with a lot of pictures. ", "A couch and a table in a small room."]
["A young girl brushing her teeth with a tooth brush.", "A young child smiles while brushing his teeth.", "a little girl brushing her teeth with a blue toothbrush", "a young girl is using a blue toothbrush", "A girl with a toothbrush and toothpaste in her mouth."]
["A woman sitting on a bed brushing her teeth. ", "a lady looking bored while brushing her teeth", "A woman in a blue top is sitting on a bed", "a women sitting on her bed brushing her teeth", "A woman sitting on a bed brushing her teeth."]
["A brown sofa and ottoman with pillows and remotes.", "A small oval orange couch and ottoman with pineapple pillows.", "A couch and ottoman are shown with remotes.", "a small couch overed with blankes and pinapple designed pillows\n", "a brown sofa with pineapple pillows and and ottoman with two remotes on it"]
["A man kneeling down beside the street and a yellow building. ", "A man is squatting in on a sidewalk in front of a yellow compartment.", "The man kneeling on the sidewalk is near a yellow structure.", "A man in blue shirt sitting outside of a yellow hut.", "A man is squatting down on the sidewalk."]
["A table topped with personal care items and tooth paste.", "A toothbrush, cleaning utensil, floss, mouth rinse and toothpaste.", "Toothpaste,toothbrush,mouth rinse,tongue cleaner and other mouth cleaning things are kept.", "A toothbrush, toothpaste and mouth rinse and floss.", "Various items that include mouthwash, toothpaste and a toothbrush."]
["a chair with a pillow a mirror on the wall and a set of curtains", "View of a wall with a mirror and curtains in a rather plain looking room", "A mirror is on the wall in a bedroom setting. ", "A mirror hangs on the wall above a chair.", "a close up of a pillow leaning against a wall"]
["a little kid is brushing his teeth and smiling", "A young boy is smiling and brushing his teeth.", "A toddler brushing with a green electric toothbrush.", "A young boy brushes his teeth with a green toothbrush.", "A toddler boy smiles while he brushes his teeth."]
["A little boy that is sitting on a toilet using a toothbrush.", "a small child has a brush in his mouth", "A little boy in the bathroom brushing his teeth with a toothbrush.", "A baby boy brushing his teeth with a  green tooth brush.", "a kid with a brush in his mouth brushing"]
["A child leans into the camera brushing their teeth. ", "A young girl is lathered up with toothpaste.", "Young person brushing their teeth with lots of toothpaste", "A young girl brushing her teeth with a toothbrush and tooth paste.", "The girl is brushing her teeth and toothpaste and it is foaming up."]
["A wall that is filled with some cool items.", "a wall full of many different colored toothbrushes", "Display of assorted numbered toothbrushes affixed to a wall.", "Many different types of toothbrushes are displayed on a wall.", "An art installation of many toothbrushes against a wall"]
["A small girl with long hair brushing her teeth", "A little girl brushing her teeth with an electric toothbrush.", "a close up of a small child brushing her teeth", "A girl in pajamas brushing her teeth with an crayon toothbrush.", "A little girl brushing her teeth with a tooth brush."]
["a room with a clock on the wall and a small table ", "A lamp shines on the nightstand beside the bed.", "a large white clock mounted to a wall above a lamp.", "A white chair in the corner of a room below a clock.", "A large clock and a lamp in a room."]
["a living room with a wooden floor and chairs inside of it ", "A room with book cases, chairs, a lot of books and a rug in it.", "A room in a house that has two bookshelves extending from the floor to the ceiling on each side of a doorway.", "A living room that has a large collection of books.", "Living area of residence with chairs and bookshelves."]
["Group of folks playing bowling on Wii sports", "Several people are playing a wii game in front of a TV mounted on a wall. ", "Several people stand in preparation to play an interactive video game.", "A group of adults are watching television standing up.", "Five people standing around the television watching it."]
["A sofa, television and a bike are sitting in a room.", "A living room with a long sectional sofa.", "A living area has a blue sectional couch, brown ottoman, bicycles, TV and stairs.", "A couch, bicycle and television sitting next to a window in a living room.", "A room with a hardwood floor containing a sectional couch, ottoman, table, tv and bicycles."]
["a lady wearing glasses playing a video game", "A close up of a smiling woman with glasses, seen only from the waist up shows that she is manipulating something like a ribbon of diaphanous   fabric,  ", "A smiling woman wearing glasses uses a Wii controller.", "a woman is swinging around a video game controller", "A smiling woman in motion, holding wii controls. "]
["A man and woman are playing a video game", "Man pressing buttons on the Wii controller for a woman.", "He is showing her how to hold the Nintendo Wii wand for best game results.", "A man in a brown shirt helping a lady with a Nintendo Wii controller.", "The man and woman are playing a video game together."]
["A picnic table inside of a large room .", "A room with a wooden table, rug, sofa, and book shelf", "This is a photo of a room with a picnic table in the center. ", "A large dining room with a long wooden table and a couch.", "a living room with a low ceiling and a center window."]
["A clean, orderly living room with high ceilings and with many windows.", "A Florida room is lit with location lighting.", "A living room with large windows facing the forest.", "A large living room with several couches and lamps.", "A living room filled with furniture and lots of windows."]
["Two kids playing in a room with a beach ball. ", "A young boy and girl playing with pool toys indoors.", "a couple of kids that are playing on the ground", "A group of young children sitting on top of a bean bag chair.", "Children playing on the floor with an inflatable tube and a beach ball."]
["A living room area with some couches and a television", "A living room filled with furniture and a window.", " a living room filled with brown furniture", "A photograph of a messy living room in a home.", "A living room scene with a couch and a television."]
["A living room that has a lit lamp on the counter.", "Large bright living area with cabinets and wooden floors.", "some white cabinets a fireplace a television set and a lamp", "A living room filled with furniture and a fire place.", "The living room is clean and empty of people."]
["Image of a living room showing couches facing each other.", "A living room with two couches and a coffee table", "A big room with a couple of couches and other items.", "The living room has two large sofas in it.", "a small living room with wooden tables and two couches"]
["A living room filled with furniture and a table.", "a living room next to a tiny breakfast nook ", "No body has been in the lving room or dining room since it has been cleaned", "a living room that has a couch and a rug in it", "Living room and kitchen with furniture and sun shinning through window. "]
["a living room with couches chairs and a table ", "two chairs, a couch and a table in a living room", "A living room filled with white furniture and a fireplace.", "An indoor living space with furniture and decorations", "An open floor plan of a living room and dining room with red walls."]
["A living area with counter, chairs, windows and an air hockey table.", "A living room with hard wood floors filled with furniture.", "A picture of a family room with a computer set up at a breakfast counter.", "An open living room with hardwood floors and a vase of flowers", "A chair and counter in a large room."]
["A white keyboard and mouse provide contrast to black desktop.", "A white keyboard and mouse on top of a black desk", "a mac mouse and keyboard on a desk", "a macintosh wired keyboard and wireless macintosh mouse", "A keyboard and mouse sit on a black surface."]
["A computer on a table with all kinds of bottles and other items.", "A computer monitor sitting next to a  keyboard.", "a monitor that is on a big white counter", "A computer station with monitor, keyboard and personal items.", "A computer monitor and keyboard sit on a counter with other objects."]
["A group of men sitting at desks with computers.", "A group of young men sitting at a computer desk.", "Four men of Middle Eastern descent are sitting in a computer lab and all are on a computer.", "Men sit in front of computer screens all in a row", "People are sitting at desks working on computers."]
["a keyboard with five screens and a laptop", "The computer monitors are filled with important information.", "five monitors a keyboard mouse and a laptop", "A group of monitors are gathered on a computer desk. ", "A desk with multiple computer monitors and a laptop."]
["A living room with chairs a fireplace and mirror", "A living room area furnished with a fireplace, chairs, bookshelves, etc. ", "A partial view of a formal living room. ", "A living room with a picture hanging over the fireplace", "a nicely decorated living room with a big mirror above the fireplace"]
["A living room with furniture and a lamp in a corner.", "a living room with some couches and a television in it ", "a couple of coaches in a cluttered living room", "The curtains in a room project a blue light.", "A living room with a chandelier and picture window."]
["A bed with two laptops on it below a painting.", "This room has a bed that has two laptops on it. ", "Two computers are on the matress of a small bed.", "A bed that has two laptop computers on it.", "A bed sitting underneath a painting on top of a hard wood floor."]
["The kite surfer is walking on the beach holding the kite.", "A man flying a kite over a sandy beach.", "A man flying a kite while walking on the beach. ", "A man carrying something and flying a kite with his other hand.", "A man holding kite down by the ocean."]
["Someone releases a colorful kite to someone else holding the string.", "A person jumps and tries to catch a kite in the air.", "A person that just let go of a kite.", "A man is about to fly a kite.", "a person flying a kite near a tree"]
["kites being flown on the beach near the ocean", "A beach a lot of people flying kites in the air.", "The flock of seagulls is converging on the beach", "a group of birds flying over a beach", "A crowd of people flying kites next to the ocean."]
["A person with a flying kite on a beach.", "A beach area with people flying a kite next to tree.", "People flying a kite on the beach with choppy waters.", "the shoreline of a sandy beach with a colorful kite flying above it.", "Colorful kite being flown over the ocean as people are on the beach."]
["two kids play at the beach with their kite ", "Two persons flying a kite on the sea beach.", "Two little kids flying a kite on a beach.", "Two children flying a kite on the beach.", "Two children on a beach flying a yellow kite."]
["A sky filled with lots of colorful flying kites.", "Variety of different colored kites flying next to each other. ", "Multi colored and shaped kites flying in cloudy skies.", "many different types of kites flying in the sky", "A bunch of clouds flying very high in the sky."]
["The woman is flying her kite on the beach. ", "there is a man and a woman flying a kite on the beach", "People flying a kite on the sand near the ocean ", "A man watching a woman fly a kite on the beach.", "two people on a beach with a kite flying in the sky "]
["A man flying a blue kite in an open ground", "A man flying a kite on top of a grass covered field.", "A male flying a wing kite in an open field", "a person flying a blue kite in an open field", "A man attempting to launch a parachute style kite in a field"]
["Children in a green field flying a kite.", "two kids are flying a kite in a field", "Boy flies a kite with family in the park.", "A couple of people flying a colorful kite over a lush green field.", "A child flies a kite with another child onlooking."]
["A person para-sailing in the water with mountains in the background. ", "A man is parasailing in the water on a sunny day. ", "A person riding a board on the ocean while holding onto a kite.", "Someone is windsurfing in the ocean with a large sail.", "a person parasailing in the water in front of some mountains"]
["A dark skinned child getting ready to be pushed on a swing.", "A girl getting pushed in a child's swing.", "A man pushes a brightly smiling little girl on a swing.", "a young girl on a swing being pushed by her dad", "A man pushing a girl on a swing."]
["Two kids out in the field where kites are being flown", "Two young children in open field with kites in background.", "Two boys play in an open country field.", "Two boys are in a field flying kites.", "A boy standing over a smaller boy who is kneeling down."]
["two kids standing outside flying a kite during the day", "Two young boys standing in grassy field watching kites in sky.", "An older kid helping a younger one fly a kite.", "A pair of boys flying a kite in an open field.", "A man standing next to a little boy flying a kite."]
["A tall clock tower with a clock on each of it's sides.", "A tall tower with a clock on the top", "The clock tower rises higher than any building in the vicinity", "A tan stone building with a clock tower.", "The spire with the clock faces reaches towards the sky."]
["A strange brass statue holding a clock on a bureau", "Clock statue sitting in front of a wall mirror", "A mirror stands with a desk and a clock by it..", "A very tall pretty clock in front of a mirror.", "A large mirror mounted to the wall of  a living room."]
["Many students sit together and talk in a classroom.", "some people are sitting in desks and some are using laptops", "a lot of people in a classroom setting ", "A group of students split into groups for studying.", "A bunch of teenagers in a classroom with laptops and books."]
["This is a room full of laptop computers.", "There is a room with several laptops on tables.", "A classroom with laptop computers, a projection screen and a basket of cookies.", "A computer lab has a blue wall and projector screen.", "some tables laptops chairs a white board and a white screen"]
["A kite flying through a  blue sky with a long tail.", "A colorful kite is flying over the ocean.", "A kite flying through the sky on a clear day.", "a very pretty kite is flying high in the sky.", "THERE ARE DIFFERENT KITES FLYING IN THE SKY"]
["A small girl is holding a large triangular kite.", "A small child excitedly holds a kite over her head.", "A smiling young girl holding a colorful kite.", "a little girl is holding up a kite", "a little girl holding onto a colorful kite at a carnival "]
["A beach patrol vehicle thats performing his duties on the beach.", "A beach patrol jeep drives along the sand as people wade and fly kites down the beach.", "a white truck is driving down the beach", "Many people and a car are on a beach", "A car with a load on top drives down a foggy beach."]
["A man standing on a beach flying a kite.", "A man looks up at a dragon kite while on a sandy beach.", "a man playing with a kite that looks a bit like a dragon on the beach ", "Man in blue shirt flying a dragon shaped kite at the beach. ", "Man flying a dragon kite on a beach."]
["A woman standing in the sand with a kite.", "A woman standing in a field holding a multi colored kite.", "A woman standing on a beach while holding a kite.", "A woman wearing a white shirt and black capris getting ready to fly a multi colored kite.", "A woman in white shirt holding a kite on beach."]
["A clock that is on top of a pole.", "A clock sitting in the middle of a sidewalk near a street.", "A large clock on a post on the sidewalk.", "The clock is at the center of the old town square was erected by the local bank.", "A clock stands on the corner of a quiet street."]
["Sidewalk in city with store fronts and clock.", "A large clock on a pole in the street.", "A street clock on a brick sidewalk next to a large building.", "A clock that reads 5:55, is placed near the building. ", "A clock is shown on the side of a sidewalk."]
["A baseball player about to swing at a pitch during a game.", "A batter in a baseball game ready to hit the ball.", "A batter, catcher and umpire during a baseball game.", "A batter at a baseball game preparing to hit the ball. ", "a batter at home plate getting ready to hit the ball "]
["A baseball player takes his turn at bat.", "A baseball player taking a swing at  a ball", "A man just swung a bat at a baseball.", "A team of baseball players playing a game of baseball.", "A baseball game in a stadium with a lot of spectators."]
["Three young kids are playing with Wiffle bats in the yard. ", "Two children who are playing with baseball bats.", "Children playing wiffle ball in a back yard ", "a couple of kids are swinging bats outside", "Two kids swinging baseball bats while another one jumps back."]
["A baseball player up to bat during a baseball game.", "A man holding a baseball bat at the home plate on a field.", "A baseball player about to swing at a pitch made.", "A baseball player prepares to swing at the ball. ", "A referee and umpire behind a batter at a baseball game. "]
["A baseball player holding a bat while standing in a field.", "The men are playing a game of baseball on the field. ", "A baseball player taking a swing at a ball", "The batter's waiting to see if the ball is fair or foul.", "Two baseball players and an umpire are standing on the field."]
["A guy squatting and holding a baseball bat at home plate.", "A man standing on a field, holding a bat.", "A baseball player taking a swing at a ball", "A baseball player getting ready for a pitch at the plate.", "A baseball player up at bat with the catcher behind him."]
["A man holding a baseball bat while standing next to home plate.", "There is a baseball game going on the player is waiting to hit the ball, the umpire is at base.", "There is dust coming out of the catcher's glove as a boy prepares to bat.", "A catcher catches a baseball after a young kid swings and misses. ", "The batter, catcher, and plate umpire are fixed on the pitcher."]
["a very big building with a mounted clock", "An architectural structure that has a wooden dock surrounding it. ", "Scaffolding surrounding a clock tower on a pier.", "Scaffolding around a building for construction or remodeling.", "A large building with a giant clock tower."]
["a baseball player is swinging a bat at a ball", "This is a baseball player mid-swing about to hit the ball.", "The boy hits the baseball with a bat. ", "A baseball player reaching out the bat to hit a ball.", "A batter is swinging for the baseball at a game."]
["A baseball player is swinging and about to run. ", "A man in a baseball outfit is wearing a hard hat and is swinging his bat while the catcher has his mitt out ready to catch it.", "a baseball player swings a bat at a baseball", "A person on a field with a baseball bat.", "A batter hits the ball during a Little League baseball game."]
["A baseball player holding a bat over his head.", "a baseball player is holding up a bat in the air", "A man wearing a baseball uniform warms up with a bat on a stadium field.", "A professional baseball player holding a bat overhead.", "A baseball player is holding his bat over his head."]
["a kid poses on a side walk as a baseball player ", "Boy mimicking baseball batter's stance with rolled up paper.", "A young person holding rolls of paper as if they were a baseball bat.", "A smiling boy is holding rolled up paper like a bat on a sidewalk.", "a young person on a city street holding something"]
["A little boy in a baseball uniform holds the bat ready to swing.", "A young boy posing with a baseball bat in hand", "A young man poses for his baseball team picture.", "a boy that has a baseball bat in hand", "A boy in a baseball uniform is holding a bat."]
["The ballplayer waits in the batter's box, watching the umpire defend his call.", "a batter standing on the side watching a baseball game ", "The batter is warming up for his turn.", "A batter up to swing in a baseball game", "A baseball player waiting for his turn in baseball game."]
["A man standing over a little girl holding a baseball bat.", "The adult is helping a small child swing a bat at a t-ball stand. ", "The man is helping the girl hold the baseball bat. ", "A man teaching a child how to hit a ball of a tee.", "He was standing behind her helping her hold the baseball bat."]
["a baseball player is going to swing a bat", "A baseball game with Barry Bonds #25 at bat and a catcher and umpire behind the plate as fans, photographers and camera people look on from the stands.", "Base ball game with pitcher on home base and the umpire.", "A man is at bat at a baseball game with a crowd watching.", "A baseball player is up to bat while the crowd films the event."]
["A batter up at the plate in a baseball game ", "A baseball player about to receive a pitch in a stadium full of people. ", "Many fans are in a stadium watching a baseball game.", "base ball players entertaining a crowd of spectators ", "A batter at home plate waiting for a pitch."]
["A boy swinging a baseball bat at a ball.", "The boy is getting ready to hit the ball with his bat.", "A woman that is holding a baseball bat.", "a man holding a bat ready to kick a tennis", "A boy swinging a bat at as baseball heading towards him."]
["A man hit something that exploded with a bat.", "a person breadking a bottle with a baseball bat ", "A boy in yellow shirt swinging a baseball bat.", "A man bathing in the blood of his victims as he swings his battle bat.", "The young man has hit the glass and the drink has exploded everywhere. "]
["A baseball player holding a bat while standing on top of a field", "A baseball batter practices swinging in front of a large audience.", "a baseball player warm up with a baseball bat ", "a baseball player swings his baseball bat in front of the dugout", "A baseball player is taking swings in the on-deck circle."]
["A young baseball player in uniform getting ready to bat.,", "a baseball player holding a bat on the field", "Little league baseball game player getting ready to hit the ball.", "A man in a gray baseball uniform holds a bat over his shoulder.", "A baseball player practicing on a baseball field during the day."]
["A batter is waiting for a baseball to come to him.", "A group of adults plays baseball in an outdoor field.", "A baseball player holding a bat on top of a field.", "A catcher prepares to catch the ball if the batter misses.", "A batter, catcher, and umpire are poised for a baseball."]
["A baseball player swinging a bat during a game.", "A batter swinging his bat during a baseball game", "A man swinging a baseball bat at a ball.", "a kid plays baseball as people watch ", "The men are playing a game of baseball."]
["A baseball player taking a swing at a ball.", "A young ball player takes a swing while the umpire looks on.", "A baseball game, the batter has just swung on a pitch.", "A batter at home plate who has just finished swinging at the ball", "A batter has just swung the bat in a baseball game."]
["A large pepperoni and mushroom pizza being cut", "A person is slicing an oven bake pizza.", "a close up of a person slicing pizza", "A person cutting a pizza on a stove.", "A person reaching for a pizza on a pan with various toppings."]
["Photograph of an outdoor arena that looks great.\n", "A lot of children are learning to play tennis.", "a small group of kids standing around a tennis court", "A bunch of kids standing around on a tennis court.", "kids on a tennis court playing a tennis games "]
["A young boy holding a rack fulled of tennis ball.", "A boy is on a tennis court carrying a tray of balls.", "A boy holds several tennis balls on his racket.", "A young man in an orange shirt is holding a tray of tennis balls. ", "A boy balances many tennis balls on a racquet."]
["A group of people that are standing on a tennis court.", "A group of people who are on a tennis court.", "a few people that are playing tennis on a court", "A group of people standing on top of a tennis court.", "some people standing on a tennis court holding tennis racketts"]
["Two children are sitting at a table eating food.", "Two kids at a table with one eating while the other looks on", "Two young children are eating food off of a plate.", "A baby and an older toddler sitting at a kitchen table.", "Two children sitting at a table eating food."]
["a tennis player attempting to reach a tennis ball", "A man is trying to catch the Tennis ball. ", "A man shows his great form while returning the ball.", "A tennis player is about to hit a tennis ball", "Man attempting to return a volley during a tennis game."]
["A man jumping in the air with a tennis racket.", "A person about to swing a tennis racket", "A man on a tennis court jumping to reach the ball with his racket ", "The tennis player is reaching for the high ball.", "A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet."]
["A person holding a tennis racket in the air on a tennis court", "A man with a hat and sunglasses playing tennis.", "A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A man in sunglasses and a hat is getting ready to hit a tennis ball.", "A tennis player hits the ball back to his opponent."]
["A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A man taking a swing at a tennis ball", "A man on a tennis court, looking up at a tennis ball.", "A man holding a racquet looking up at a ball.", "A tennis player attempts to hit a ball that's in the air."]
["A pizza that is sitting on a table.", "A person cutting up a small square pizza.", "A rustic pizza being cut into eight slices", "SOMEONE CUTTING A HOMEMADE PIZZA PIE IN HALF", "The person is cutting the pizza on the counter."]
["two different pizzas that just came out of an oven. ", "Two stainless steel trays holding pizzas on top of a stove.", "A couple of pizzas sitting on top of metal pans.", "Variety of baked pizzas displayed on metal pans on stove.", "there are two small pizzas on the plates"]
["A tennis player serves a ball as a crowd watches.", "a tennis player getting ready to serve the ball", "A man serving the ball as the audience watches.", "A tennis player has a crowd of spectators behind him.", "A man with a tennis racquet about to swing."]
["a man with a tennis racket celebrates as people look on", "a tennis player with an angry look on his face", "A tennis player reacts as the crowd looks on.", "Man holding tennis racket in one hand, with arms bent, hands in fists, and mouth clenched, standing man with raised camera and spectators behind.", "A man walking across a tennis court holding a racquet."]
["A woman holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.", "The audience watches the tennis playing woman on the court. ", "A tennis match being viewed from an audience perspective.", "An image taken from the audience of a tennis tournament.", "A tennis player waiting for a serve on a grass court."]
["A group of people on a court with a tennis racket.", "A doubles tennis match is about to commence.", "four women in white outfits are playing tennis and some fans", "A group of women standing on top of a tennis court.", "there are four woman talking at a tennis game"]
["A women doubles team in tennis converse as they are on the court. ", "Two women stand next to each other on a court.", "two women in white dresses playing tennis and fans", "Tennis players cross paths on a grassy court with packed stands.", "Tennis match in play with people in the stands watching."]
["Two women in white dresses playing a game of tennis.", "Two women playing tennis while a crowd watches.", "Two women playing doubles tennis at a tennis match.", "A couple of women on a court playing tennis.", "Two women on the same side of the tennis court, playing tennis."]
["A pizza topped with lots of toppings on a checkered table cloth.", "a plate of food that is on checkered table cloth", "A very nice looking pizza with assorted toppings.", "A pizza with many toppings is sitting on a checkered table cloth.", "A pizza with pesto, peppers, olives, and artichokes on a checked napkin."]
["There is a boy playing a game of tennis.", "Young boy on court playing tennis wearing red shirt.", "A young boy is in a tennis court and has his hand with the racket up and ready to receive a tennis ball.", "a boy is holding a tennis racket outside", "a tennis player with a tennis racket "]
["A guy in a maroon shirt is holding a tennis racket out to hit a tennis ball.", "A man on a tennis court that has a racquet.", "A boy hitting a tennis ball on the tennis court.", "A person hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racket. ", "A boy attempts to hit the tennis ball with the racquet."]
["A woman holding a tennis racquet on top of a court.", "A woman hitting a ball with a tennis racket.", "A woman follows through on her swing on a tennis court.", "a woman hits a tennis ball with a racquet", "A smiling male tennis player swinging a racket"]
["a lady in blue shorts and white shirt swinging at a tennis ball", "a lady that is on a tennis court with a racket", "A tennis player in action on the court.", "there is a young woman playing tennis on the court", "A woman hitting a tennis ball on the tennis court "]
["A pizza that is half pepperoni and half chicken.", "A square shaped pizza half pepperoni and half mushroom.", "A pizza, with half pepperoni and half mushrooms.", "A square half pepperoni and half anchovies pizza.  ", "This is a pizza that is half pepperoni and half chicken."]
["A tennis player hits a ball in an indoor area.", "A woman swinging her racket to hit a ball. ", "A woman prepares to hit a tennis ball.", "A woman is playing tennis and about to hit the ball. ", "A woman is getting ready to hit a tennis ball with her racquet. "]
["A tennis player is lunging for the ball. ", "A woman hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racquet.", "a woman tennis player in a white top is playing tennis", "A tennis player looks at a tennis ball as she lifts up a tennis racket.", "A woman is reaching to strike a tennis ball"]
["A person jumping as they swing at a incoming tennis ball.", "A woman in white shirt and black shorts playing tennis.", "A tennis player forcefully hits a tennis ball.", "A person wearing black shorts is playing indoor tennis ", "A woman swinging a tennis racquet on a tennis court."]
["A window with wooden shutters and metal bars across it.", "A light bulb hanging above an open door", "Theres seems to be something hanging by a door way", "A light bulb hangs down in front of a window with bars in it.", "A vase hanging in font of a barred window."]
["A computer desk with a green mat sitting on top of it.", "A desk with some blue prints, an envelope and a coffee mug.", "A desk with various office supplies adjacent to a window. ", "A large desk by a window is neatly arranged.", "A desk area with a window view with mugs, tablets, and books."]
["An office with a computer, printer, scanner and many other technologies.", "The desk holds a computer, mouse and some other office supplies.", "A desk with a computer, scanner and a printer.", "a computer desk with a printer and someone hard at work", "a desk with a keyboard a monitor and a mouse"]
["Four girls who are looking at a computer.", "Four young women are smiling at a computer monitor.", "four nice ladies gazing at the computers smiling", "A group of four women in orange aprons in front of a computer. ", "a group of people gathered around one person sitting in front o f a computer monitor"]
["A lot of colorful vases sitting on top of a white table.", "Varity of vases made of colored blown glass on a table", "A table with many painted glass items on top of it.", "A bunch of glass bottles on a table.", "Many colorful glass jars on the table have different shapes and sizes."]
["A counter with extension cords, a toaster oven and a laptop.", "A kitchen has wires hanging down from a computer.", "an image of a kitchen setting with various cords hanging", "Many wires hang over the edge of a counter with electronics on it.", "a counter with a toaster over and an open laptop sitting on it."]
["A room with large curved desk with lots of chairs.", "A view of an empty conference room with laptops.", "a table that has a bunch of chairs around it", "A very big room with long counters filled with laptops.", "A room with a projector and a lot of chairs. "]
["A bunch of people sit in an open court yard", "a small group of people standing around a ball patio ", "A group of people walking around a parking lot.", "A group of people in front of a white building", "Many people on a courtyard under a clock."]
["A group of men in suits sitting at a table using laptop computers.", "A group of men sitting by tables working on laptops", "Business people sit at their desks and use devices.", "A group of men sitting at a desk with lap top computers.", "Two men gesture hands next to laptops, one man uses a phone."]
["A little girl eating food while sitting down.", "A close-up of a little girl eating a sandwich.", "A girl eagerly bites into a hot dog bun", "A young girl biting into a hot dog.", "A girl is taking a bite out of a sandwich."]
["A young girl is holding a stuffed animal.", "A child holding a large teddy bear wearing boots and clothing.", "A young girl holding a little stuffed animal rabbit.", "a girl holding a stuffed rabbit on a table", "Little girl holding a stuffed bunny rabbit toy.", "a little girl sitting in a chair holding a stuffed bunny"]
["a little girl holding onto a teddy bear tight", "a little asian girl holding a stuffed rabbit close to her face ", "The little girl is  hugging her toy happily.", "a little girl that is holding a teddy bear", "A little girl hugging her teddy bear. "]
["Shelves are filled with parcels that have red ribbons.", "Shelves in a store full of bottles of alcohol.", "Shelves filled with Christmas items in a retail shop.", "The display at a shop with a stuffed animal wearing a hat", "A large amount of toys are stacked on shelves."]
["A group of teddy bears standing next to each other on a shelf.", "a curio full of stuffed animals and figurines", "Teddy bears dressed up are on a display shelf.", "A display case of teddy bears wearing various clothing.", "A case full of teddy bears are dressed in religious symbols. "]
["A teddy bare laying down with tears in his arm pit and leg.", "A soft toy teddy bear on the red bedding.", "An operative teddy bear laying on a table.", "A brown bear with various organs on display laying on red table.", "A sad teddy bear thats is falling apart and wants to be fixed."]
["a brown teddy bear is sitting on a green bed", "A large plush bear sits in the corner of a bedroom. ", "A stuffed teddy bear sitting on a green bed.", "a teddy bear on a bed in the corner of a bedroom", "A teddy bear sits on the bed in a colorful children's room."]
["a sign on a wall with a clock in the background", "A kitchen with a clock mounted on it's wall.", "a small clock is hanging above a counter top", "a yellow and black clock a mirror and a cabinet", "A clock is seen on a wall above a table."]
["A smart phone sitting on top of a bean bag.", "A smartphone placed in front of a monitor screen", "An iPhone resting on a round black holder.", "A cell phone sitting in a cell phone holder. ", "An iPhone resting in a bean bag holder."]
["A smart device sitting on top of a pillow.", "a close up of a phone on a dock on a desk", "The cell phone is in front of a computer monitor.", "The black ipod is charging in the dock.", "A cellphone that is sitting in a black holder."]
["a women that is walking down a sidwalk", "Young woman walking down the sidewalk with cell phone", "The woman in high heels is looking at her phone", "A woman walking down the street looking at her phone", "A woman walking down the sidewalk with a cell phone in her hand."]
["White room with wood floor and table with appliances", "A hallway with wooden floors and a table in it.", "A small refrigerator and microwave on a table.", "A yellow table sitting on top of a hardwood floor with boxes on it.", "A white break room with a wooden floor"]
["A man in a cubicle with an Indiana Jones T Shirt talking on a cell phone.", "a man standing up in a room on his cell phone.", "A man talking on his cell phone in a cubicle ", "A man who is talking on a cell phone.", "Man talks on a cell phone while in his cubicle."]
["a close up of a child eating food ", "A girl is sitting and eating some spaghetti.", "A girl eating a plate of spaghetti with a fork.", "A person wearing a pink, blue and white top, eating spaghetti with a fork.", "A young girl is enjoying her plate of spaghetti. "]
["Two women having lunch together while man stood by them.", "Two women sitting at an outdoor table at a restaurant", "Two women sit at a table as a young man looks on.", "A man standing at a table with two women.", "A couple of women sitting at a table having drinks."]
["A baby in a high chair with paper on the table in front of her", "Small girl holding recorder near a table with unfinished drawing", "A young girl sits, holding a phone, looking aghast.", "A little girl that is sitting in front of a table.", "Little girl sitting at a table in front of a piece of paper."]
["A hand holding open a pouch with a cell phone inside.", "A closeup of a hand manipulating gadgets in a pocket.", "An electronics device sitting in the pocket of a person.", "a guy with his hand on his pocket with his phone in it", "A phone and another device in a small pouch."]
["A man in costume talking on a cell phone.", "A man stands and talks on his cell phone.", "A man in strange attire on a phone in a field", "A big man speaks on a cell phone while at a vintage festival.", "a man standing in a costume talking on a cell phone"]
["A person on a cell phone in a room.", "A woman holding a smart phone in her hands.", "A girl standing with a cell phone in her hands.", "The young people are texting on their cel phones.", "A group all looking at their cell phones"]
["A man walking under a tree while talking on a cellphone.", "A man holds a cell phone up to his ear. ", "A man is seen talking on his cell phone outside.", "A man in uniform with a cell phone up to his ear.", "A man on a phone in front of a tree with an animal in it"]
["A smart phone sitting on top of a wooden table.", "a silver and black mobile phone with small attachments to it", "A small cell phone the top of a table.", "cell phone with accessories attached to it left on the table", "Closeup of a white and black cellphone on a wooden table."]
["A young lady is on her phone as a lady in the background looks on. ", "A man is messing about with his cellphone.", "A woman looking down at her cell phone.", "A woman looks at a bottle of wine as a man uses his cell phone.", "A lady standing by a sliding door reading her phone."]
["a pizza with olives sitting on a pizza pan on top of an oven", "A pizza sits on a pan waiting to go in the oven.", "A pizza on a tray sitting on top of a stove. ", "A homemade focaccia is ready for the oven.", "A large home made pizza ready to be cooked."]
["A man pointing to a baby's picture on a bulletin board. ", "A man pointing to a baby picture on a refrigerator door.", "A collection of pictures on the refrigerator door.", "A man is pointing to pictures posted on the refridgerator.", "A man points to a baby in a collage of family photographs and mementos."]
["A 50s style fridge with a couple magnets on it.", "Older white refrigerator near a red countertop and a bed in the other room.", "The white fridge stands alone in its own space.", "A old fashioned fridge in a small studio room.", "A white refrigerator with a bed in the background.  "]
["A metallic refrigerator freezer sitting inside of a kitchen.", "A small kitchen with a stove and refrigerator.", "A stainless steel refrigerator in a home's kitchen.", "a kitchen with a stove and a refrigerator ", "A kitchen has a fridge, a stove, and a counter top."]
["A room with a refrigerator with a house plant sitting on top of it.", "A partial view of a refrigerator with a potted plant on top.", "A thin wooden door and a refrigerator with a plant on top.", "A room with a door and a small refrigerator ", "A white fridge placed next to a wooden door."]
["A refrigerator that has a plant on top of it.", "A room has a refrigerator with a potted plant on top. ", "A refrigerator with a plant on top in an otherwise empty room", "A plant sits on top of a refrigerator in an empty room. ", "A fridge in an empty room with a plant on top."]
["A refrigerator with an ice machine and two vertical doors stands on a tile floor next to a door.", "A stainless steel refrigerator sitting in a kitchen", "A beautiful and black refrigerator in a white kitchen.", "A large silver fridge in a tiled kitchen ", "A stainless steel double door refrigerator with black accents"]
["People standing around a two story build with a clock on top of it.", "People touring stop to look at a red building.", "A clock sitting next to a pier, with a group of people below it.", "People walking across a bridge near a building with a clock on it.", "A red building with a crowd of people outside it near the water."]
["A large clock and a sign on top of a building.", "a big sign sits above a building ", "Public Market sign with clock near farmer sign.", "A sign for a market is displayed on a roof.", "a red sign and a clock above a building"]
["This kitchen has a metal side by side refrigerator/freezer combo.", "View of a stainless steel side by side refrigerator in the corner of a kitchen.", "A double door refrigerator in the kitchen near the counter.", "a dated kitchen with a stainless steel refrigerator inside", "A new stainless steel refrigerator is in an older kitchen."]
["A fancy clock hung up on a decorated wall.", "a clock on a wall with lights on the ceiling ", "A large clock is on the colored wall of this building.", "A clock mounted to a wall painted with colorful colors.", "a clock that is up by the ceiling on the wall"]
["A cutting tray with some lemons and a knife.", "Sliced lemons and a knife rest on a cutting board.", "A wood cutting board on a counter with utensils and a knife laying on the board, next to a cut lemon.", "A view of a kitchen full of kitchen utensils on a cutting board. ", "A paring knife on top of a cutting board with lemon slices."]
["a collage of photos with bowl and pots ", "A stock photo shows different blue decor on shelves.", "Blue-hued plates, vases and watering pail displayed in four images.", "The plates, bowls and bottles were all displayed beautifully.", "An assortment of bright blue glass dishes and bottles."]
["A wide blue vase is holding an orange daisy.", "The bowls have water and a single flower in them.", "Three pictures of a blue vase with a flower in it. ", "A flower sits inside of a blue vase.", "a glass vase with an orange flower on a wooden table"]
["An arrangement of brightly colored flowers and greenery awakens a brick wall.", "A bunch of flower on a wooden table.", "Colorful variations of flowers sitting in a vase in front of a brick wall. ", "a vase of colorful flowers sitting on a table", "A vase filled with a red and yellow flower arrangement in front of a brick pillar."]
["two white and blue vases and a white vase with a white and yellow flower", "The dishes are white with blue details and a daisy in the vase. ", "a couple of glass vases with a flower growing out of it ", "A collection of containers are set on a table.", "a close up of a pitcher and a vase with a flower inside"]
["People standing outside doorway with ribbon across it.", "A group of people standing outside of a doorway with a ribbon on it.", "A group of people stand outside a building at a ribbon cutting.", "Some people are waiting in an open doorway", "This is a picture of a house warming party."]
["A collection of small scissors labeled and pinned on a board.", "Many different pairs of scissors hanging on a wall with prices on them.", "A bunch of surgical scissors are sitting on a table labeled with tags. ", "A view of many different scissors on display.", "A pile of various types of scissors on the table. "]
["A large crowd is attending a community fair.", "A crowd of people walking in an outdoor fair.", "A crowd of people at a festival type event in front of a clock tower.", "The building has a clock displayed on the front of it. ", "A festival with people and tents outside a clock tower."]
["Two children who are sitting next to each other naked.", "A pair of twins sitting in the bathroom, one is holding a brush.", "A couple of small children sitting next to a whit sink in a bathroom.", "Two toddlers each sitting on their own little potties.", "A couple of very small cute kids in the rest room."]
["A person brushing a cat with a brush.", "A woman brushing her cat that is laying on a radiator.", "A woman is brushing her large gray cat.", "Cage sitting atop a heater looking out windowpane.", "A woman that is sitting down near a cat."]
["A concrete building with towers, a steep in the middle and a clock underneath.", "A large gray building with a clock tower surrounded by some trees.", "a big tower that is surrounded by trees", "A large gray building with a clock tower.", "A stone building that has a clock on the top."]
["A large clock tower rises up above the surrounding buildings.", "A clock tower as viewed from a railway station", "The infamous Big Ben clock tower underneath a cloudy sky.", "a brown clock tower made of stone on a cloudy day", "A large clock tower stands above the city."]
["a large tower that has a big clock at the top", "Two clocks are visible on the sides of the large clock tower. ", "A low angle perspective photo of a clock tower.", "Big Ben shows the time as 1:20 with a blue sky around it.", "A large tower that has a clock on the top of it."]
["A large brick clock tower in the middle of a town. ", "A very tall clock tower with two giant clocks on it's sides.", "a large tower that has a big clock at top", "a cloudy day around a tall building with a clock. ", "A tall tower structure with a clock built in at the top."]
["A baby girl sitting in a chair holding a white teddy bear.", "A small child is holding a stuffed bear", "A little girl is sitting in a red and white striped chair playing with a teddy bear. ", "A little girl sits on a striped chair holding a white teddy bear.", "a small girl sitting on a chair holding a white bear"]
["An illuminated clock tower against a nighttime background", "a black and white clock on a gold and black tower", "a lit up clock on a tower in front of a night sky", "A tower that has a clock on the top of it.", "Clock tower in the dim moonlight as stars appear"]
["A pile of teddy bears and dolls in a toy box.", "Three teddy bears and a doll like next to each other in a box.", "A group of stuffed toys are placed together.", "Teddy bears and dolls laying down on a bench.", "A group of cute stuffed animals in a bed."]
["a blue clock face with gold numbers set in a brick building", "A large clock at the top of a brick building of which the clock hands indicate twelve thirty.", "A brick building has a clock on the top of it.", "A clock on the front of a brick building.", "A clock is sitting atop a church tower."]
["A clock sitting in the middle of the city, in front of a building.", "Clockpost on the sidewalk in front of a travel agency.", "a clock on a pole on a city street ", "there is a clock in front of the store ", "A clock that is on top of a tower in front of a building."]
["An old clock tower with roman numerals and bells.", "a little tower with a fancy clock on it ", "An old, stained elaborate roman numerical clock on a clear day", "a large clock is on top a a building", "a large clock tower with three bells up top."]
["A street with various buildings on each side and a clock tower.", "A narrow lane has buildings on either side and one of the buildings is yellow and another is yellow and white.", "There is a church at the end of the street.", "An alley way of a church and buildings with balconies", "A city street surrounded by tall colorful buildings."]
["Two men standing on a very tall clock tower with a white clock and two thermometers.", "Two cowboys statues are at the top of a tower. ", "Tower clock designed with two western shooters for entertainment display", "a clock with two gunman from the old west", "A clock tower with two statues of cowboys on it "]
["The large, very old jar is on display behind glass.", "An intricately designed vase is shown in a glass case.", "Detailed vase on display on a white pedestal. ", "A vase sitting on a small table as a display in a room ", "A brown and gold antique vase being displayed."]
["A pink pitcher filled with long stemmed flowers.", "A floral arrangement designed in a water can.", "A pink vase sits on a table with flowers inside.", "A large watering can with assorted flowers in it", "A vase filled with assorted color flowers sitting on a table."]
["A table with a huge glass vase and fake flowers come out of it.", "A plant in a vase sits at the end of a table.", "A vase with flowers in it with long stems sitting on a table with candles. ", "Flowers in a clear vase sitting on a table.", "A large centerpiece that is sitting on the edge of a dining table."]
["A doll standing next to a vase filled with flowers and plants.", "Flowers are placed in a vase with large leaves.", "A flower arrangement in a clear glass vase next to a doll.", "white flowers in a vase with arranged leaves", "A clear vase contains some white pretty flowers."]
["A vase of light and dark purple flowers in a white vase.", "a close up of a vase with many flowers", "A bouquet of fresh flowers in a cream colored vase", "A small white vase of purple flowers on a table.", "A white vase filled with purple flowers on top of a table."]
["A purple flowered plant with green leaves in a white vase.", "A vase full of purple flowers and green leaves.", "A white vase filled with pink flowers on a table.", "Traditional color poinsettia plants in a too crowded container.", "A red poinsettia sits on a table in a white vase."]
["Some orange flowers in a tall silver vase", "Orange, red and white flowers in vases on tables.", "a small silver vase with some orange flowers in it", "Orange flowers fill vases in the flower shop.", "A metal vase of flowers on top of a counter."]
["A  woman is standing next to an artsy sculpture. ", "A woman mimicking scissors by a large outdoor sculpture", "A young woman standing next to a statue representing rock, paper, scissors.", "A young beautiful woman standing next to a sculpture of a pair of scissors cutting paper.", "A girl stands next to a rock paper scissor sculpture."]
["A man carrying a basket filled with fruit and clippers.", "A person holds a basket of nuts over their head. ", "A person caries a basket full of nuts and a large pair of scissors over the shoulder.", "A man that is carrying a basket with some nuts in it and scissors. ", "A man carries a basket full of nuts on his back."]
["A man holding a giant pair of black scissors.", "A man holding a giant scissors about three feet tall.", "A man holding a large pair of scissors ", "A smiling guy holding up a huge pair of scissors.", "A smiling man is holding a pair of gigantic scissors."]
["A person with a pair of scissors cutting into a cigar.", "A wood working trimming the wood with pair of scissors.", "An old hand is cutting cigars with scissors.", "A pair of hands with scissors cutting a cigar.", "Hands cutting a piece of paper with wood shavings on a table."]
["A pencil is sitting on a ruler with a pair of scissors.", "Scissors and string next to a pencil and other tools.", "Knitting tools sit together including a pencil, scissors, and a spool of thread.", "A ruler board with supplies sitting on it", "A pair of scissors and a pencil on a table."]
["Many craft items lay on top of a bag", "a sewing bag with the contents laying on it", "a pair of pink scissors are laying on a piece of paper", "Art project being developed by creative person about the country.", "A view of a bag with a bunch of buttons and attachments on it."]
["A bear cookie sitting next to a gummy bear ", "teddy bear like candy on a wooden table", "A small cookie in the shape of a bear next to a green gummy bear.", "A gummy bear and a bear cookie sitting in front of a spiral notebook ", "A teddy bear graham cracker next to a gummy bear."]
["A man is sitting next to a Christmas teddy bear.", "Man sitting next to a teddy bear on a couch with christmas clothes. ", "A man sitting next to a holiday themed teddy bear. ", "A man in black jacket on a couch next to a teddy bear.", "A man in a Santa hat seated next to a teddy bear on a sofa."]
["A cat laying its head against a teddy bear.", "A cat laying on the ground next to a teddy bear.", "A kitten lies with his head against a teddy bear.", "The cat is laying next to a teddy bear. ", "A cat laying down next to a teddy bear. "]
["A tray with a brown cat sleeping on top of a teddy bear inside", "The kittens are taking a nap in the basket.", "A cat asleep on a teddy bear in a laundry basket.", "A cat laying inside of a white laundry basket.", "A cat sleeps in a laundry basket on top of a stuffed animal. "]
["White knitted teddy bears and christmas tree decoration", "A white teddy bear next to a small potted Christmas tree.", "A white stuffed teddy bear siting next to a potted Christmas plant.", "A teddy bear sits next to a small Christmas tree.", "A teddy bear and a little tree together."]
["A couple of people that are standing at a table with various objects.", "There is a lot of food and dishes on the table", "A man and a woman eating dinner at a table.", "A boy and a girl sitting around a table with plates on it.", "A table topped with two bowls filled with fruits."]
["This meal consists of salad, water, vegetables and dip.", "A table with various foods ready to eat on plates and bowls.", "A table topped with plates and bowls of food.", "A table laden with food features salad and olives and different bowl of foods.", "Fresh and cooked vegetable meal on a cluttered table."]
["a bunch of people are sitting around a table", "A group of people posing for a picture around a dinner table.", "A group of young men and women sitting at a table.", "The group of people are smiling around a restaurant table. ", "a group of people sitting around a dinner table who just finished eating"]
["A group of people sitting at a long table having food and drinks.", "A group of people are posing for a photograph at a table.", "A group of people are sitting at a table with drinks.", "A group of people who are sitting around a table.", "A group of people sitting around a table."]
["People and their children are gathered outside meeting together.", "A group of well dressed adults sitting outside with some children.", "The group of people are gathering together in the yard. ", "A group of people and babies next to a rock.", "A group of people, some seated,others standing and a wine glass on top of a table"]
["A man standing with a glass in his hand.", "A man that is holding a wine glass in one hand. ", "a man is holding something in his hand", "An older man stands in front of store shelves while looking off in the distance and holding a small glass with a stem.", "a man holding a fragile peice of glass"]
["Two elderly people are sitting on a city bench.", "Elderly couple sitting on black city bench. ", "A man and woman sitting on a bench next to birds.", "A few people sitting on a bench feed the birds", "Two people sitting on a bench on a sidewalk near stores."]
["A man sitting in a chair holding a yellow umbrella.", "A man and woman selling merchandise on a table.", "A man under a umbrella and a woman eating food.", "Two older people eating while sitting next to a table at a flea market.", "An elderly man and woman sitting outside next to a table."]
["A man riding on the back of a motorcycle with a woman.", "there is a man and a woman that are riding a motorcycle", "A black and white image of two people on a motorcycle. ", "A man and a woman are riding a motorcycle.", "two people riding on a motocycle on a city street "]
["A group of passengers sitting on an airplane in flight", "Looking down the aisle of a plane, where people are seated.", "a group of people sitting on the seats in an aircraft waiting to depart", "A row of airplane seats hold people as one man lifts up a book and is reading.", "Looking down the aisle at a row of airplane seats occupied by travelers. "]
["A woman is standing on a kitchen floor.", "woman in black dress standing in kitchen area ", "Woman standing in the kitchen while wearing a black sleeveless cocktail dress and open-toe high heel pumps.", "The woman is standing in the kitchen posing for a photo.", "a person standing in a kitchen with a stove"]
["A neat and tidy, modern, residential, family kitchen", "A view of a kitchen with the curtains and cupboards closed.", "A kitchen with pale curtains and a house plant next to the sink.", "a sink and white cabinets in a kitchen", "A kitchen with a sink, dishwasher, crock pot and coffee maker."]
["A woman with a suitcase holding a phone", "Woman with cellphone and red suitcase standing in open area.", "A women holding a red suitcase that has wheels.", "A young woman stands waiting with her luggage.", "a woman standing around with a red suitcase "]
["a cat laying on the floor of a kitchen", "A black cat on a home kitchen floor", "A cat on a kitchen floor peering intently at the refrigerator", "A fat black cat is laying in the middle of a kitchen floor. ", "A black cat is in the middle of a kitchen floor."]
["A woman holding onto a pink bag of luggage.", "a bunch of people in a busy area", "A woman holding a travel bag in a crowd of people passing by her.", "A large crowd of travelers at a train platform.", "A crowd of people are standing in line."]
["The kitchen counters are almost down with the remodel. ", "Tools are on a board on a counter in a kitchen. ", "A kitchen that has an island in it.", "some lights tools cabinets a sink and a microwave", "There is a large window over the kitchen sink."]
["A kitchen area with a dining table and counter.", "A table sits in front of the bar area of a wall.", "A dinging area with yellow walls trimmed in brown.", "A dining area has an open window to see into the kitchen.", "Cloth covered table in eating area with yellow walls."]
["an image  of people outside playing frisbee", "a crowded field with a woman throwing a frisbee in the foreground", "A bunch of people playing with a Frisbee in a park.", "The large group of people are playing Frisbee in the park. ", "A woman in brown jacket throwing a yellow frisbee."]
["some peeled oranges sitting in a clear blender", "some piled oranges in a glass blender ready to be blended", "Top view of a few skinned oranges inside of a blender", "A blender filled with three peeled oranges sitting on a counter.", "some cut up fruit is sitting in a blender"]
["A kitchen filled with lots of dogs near a dishwasher.", "Dogs are looking into the open loaded dishwasher.", "A couple of dogs standing in a kitchen.", "Three large dogs are in the kitchen near the dish washer.", "A dog inspects an open dishwasher in a kitchen."]
["A bunch of groceries are piled onto a table. ", "Table filled with a bunch of different types of food.", "Assortment of packaged vegetable on display on counter.", "a counter fiiled with assorted items for a salad", "A lot of vegetable are on the kitchen counter."]
["A brown dog standing on the kitchen floor looking up.", "A brown dog in a kitchen with hardwood floors.", "A large brown dog stands next to a kitchen counter on a wooden floor.", "A brown dog standing in front of white cabinets.", "A family pet looking up at the camera while posing for a picture."]
["A woman standing in a kitchen with hard wood floors.", "A woman fixes food in the kitchen while a cat sits behind her.", "A woman and a little dog in a very large kitchen.", "a person in a kitchen with a stove and cupboards", "a woman and a dog in her kitchen waiting as she prepares a meal"]
["close up of a microwave, oven, and a range", "a room showing a microwave and a cooker also an oven", "A stove with a microwave above it and pot on the stove.", "A stove has a microwave oven up above it.", "A white and black stove with a pot and spoon on it."]
["Black cat lying on smooth tiled kitchen floor.", "A large black cat laying on a tiled floor.", "A cat laying in the middle of a kitchen.", "A kitchen with clutter countertops and a cat lying on the floor.", "A black cat laying down on a tile floor in a kitchen."]
["A little girl is mixing in a  kitchen bowl while standing on a chair.", "A young girl dressed in pink standing on a chair stirring a bowl.", "A girl in a kitchen on a booster stool washing dishes.", "A young child standing on a chair mixing in a bowl", "A little girl standing on a chair mixing something in a bowl."]
["A woman bathing a baby near a kitchen sink.", "A woman wearing a stripped shirts bathes a baby in the kitchen. ", "A young mother bathing a newborn on the kitchen counter.", "Washing a baby in a purpose made basin on a kitchen countertop.", "A woman bathing a small baby in a kitchen."]
["The man is sitting in the small kitchen on a stool. ", "A man sits in a wooden kitchen at a table.", "The man is sitting on a bench in his kitchen.", "a man is sitting on a wood stool in a home", "A man sits on a stool in a kitchen."]
["a dog laying down eating food out of a bowl", "a white dog lays down near his food bowl and the trash can ", "A white dog eating out of a food dish in a kitchen.", "A large white dog lies down as he eats food from a dog dish", "A large white dog laying next to a bowl of dog food."]
["A basic kitchen with wooden cabinets and a bowl of fruit. ", "An odd looking kitchen with awful tiles is shown.", "A kitchen that has wooden cabinets with a sink. ", "a kitchen that is empty with just a sink and some wine bottles.", "A kitchen that has a wooden cabinets with a wine holder."]
["A kitchen shelf holds an assortment of pots, pans, and utensils.", "A wooden table in a kitchen with pots and pans.", "A cutting board , pot rack and dish shelf.", "A utility table in a kitchen, with pots, pans and utensils hanging nearby.", "a table in a kitchen some pots and pans and hanging utensils"]
["A white kitchen counter next to an oven.", "a kitchen with a bunch of cabinets inside of it ", "A kitchen with white counters and over cabinets with glass doors.", "a black purse a can a refrigerator cabinets and a stove", "A kitchen with a rectangle counter top and a box light fixture."]
["A group of knives mounted to a kitchen wall.", "A set of professional knives attached to a mounted magnet.", "Seven knives of various sizes and sharpness arranged in a row. ", "A set of knives mounted on a wall.", "Seven very sharp knives are mounted on a wall."]
["An old lady smiling in a pink kitchen.", "An elderly woman is standing near the kitchen sink.", "A woman smiling in her kitchen with the sink behind her. ", "An older lady in an apron smiling in a kitchen.", "An older woman is standing in a pink kitchen."]
["a kitchen with white counter tops and cabinets.", "An inside view of a kitchen is seen.", "A kitchen counter with ceiling lights and a sink.", "a small kitchen adjacent to a living room and dining area", "Lime green walls in a clean home kitchen"]
["A young girl riding a skateboard next to two guys.", "two young men standing in front of her while she has her foot on a skateboard.", "The teenagers are standing together on the sidewalk. ", "Three young people standing and talking on a sidewalk.", "a group of three people talking to each other on the sidewalk with a skateboard"]
["Raw cookies in a pan on the counter and baked cookies in a pan on the stove.", "Assorted items on a counter top in a kitchenette.", "A man points at the wall in his kitchen.", "Two pans with cookies in them sitting on a counter with liquor bottles, a coffee maker and knives.", "A countertop in a kitchen with fresh cookies."]
["An empty living room in an apartment with several chairs sitting in the middle of it.", "An apartment that does not have much furniture and a messy kitchen. ", "A house with no furniture and only a few chairs.", "A room with threes chairs, a rug, a shoe and a basket in it. ", "The apartment has some chairs but doesn't appear to be lived in."]
["A man flying through the air while riding a surfboard.", "A person is on a surf board in the ocean doing a jump.", "The surfer remains on the board despite being thrown by the wave into an odd angle.", "The man is showcasing his surfing skills on the wave.", "a man on a surfboard riding a wave"]
["A bottle of wine sitting on top of a table next to a glass of wine.", "A full wine glass means the bottle has less in it for later.", "A bottle of wine and a wine glass with wine in it sitting on a table", "A glass of wine next to a wine bottle and corkscrew on a table.", "A bottle of wine with a poured glass."]
["An intracately designed boat on a river bank.", "A colorful canoe coasting the lake by many people.", "An elaborate boat reflects against the water below it.", "People walk by a boat sitting on the water. ", "A canoe that is in a lake during the day,"]
["A kitchen with white cabinets has a sink and white refrigerator.", "A kitchen filled with lots of cabinet space and a refrigerator.", "The sun is shining into a country style kitchen.", "An empty kitchen lit by sunlight coming through the window. ", "An old style kitchen with many cream colored cabinets and a brightly lit window."]
["Woman stirring boiling pan of food on back burner.", "A woman standing over a stove cooking food.", "A woman stirring something in a pot on a stove.", "the frantic lady is checking her latest concoction.", "A person in a room in front of a stove."]
["An man taking a picture of a sink through a mirror.", "A bathroom sink with a mirror and modern towel holder.", "A bathroom with a sink, counter top, and mirror is shown.", "a white bathroom with a black counter a mirror and a sink", "A man in a black jacket taking a picture of a sink area."]
["A tabby cat laying on a cat scratcher in front of a bicycle wheel. ", "A cat is falling asleep on top of a scratching pad.", "a cat laying down next to a bike tire", "A cat is resting underneath a bicycle wheel.", "A cat is laying on a small piece of rough fabric"]
["A man in white shirt on bicycle with a dog riding in the back.", "A man on a bicycle with a dog sitting in the back of the bike.", "an old photo of a person on a bike in a parking lot", "A man and his dog riding on a bike. ", "there is a man riding a bike with a dog on the back"]
["A bathroom with a white bathtub next to a toilet.", "A white bathroom has a red towel on the bar.", "A bathroom with wooden floors and a red towel. ", "A white bathroom with a wood floor and a red toweling hanging from a rail.", "A bathroom that is very clean and organized."]
["A man is posing for a great photo shop. ", "A guy on a bike looking out from behind a wall.", "A black and white image of a bicyclist behind a wall. ", "A guy on a bike is looking out from behind a wall.", "A man riding on a bicycle on a sidewalk"]
["A bathroom area with a tub, sink and wooden floor.", "A white bath tub sitting next to a  white sink.", "There is a sink and bathtub in the bathroom.", "the bathtub and sink in a white tiled bathroom", "A tub and and sink in a bathroom."]
["The small bathroom has wooden cabinets around the sink.", "A toilet and sink in a small room.", "A bathroom with a toilet and sink and bathroom accessories. ", "A bathroom with a white toilet sitting under a bright white light.", "A bathroom with a toilet and sink and some wood cabinets."]
["A pair of dogs sit on a bathroom rug.", "Two dogs are standing on the bathroom rug. ", "Two dogs standing on a rug in a bathroom.", "Two dogs stand side by side with their back to the camera in a bathroom", "Two dogs standing on a bathroom rug in front of the shower while someone is showering."]
["Person in jacket riding a bicycle on a street.", "a person riding a bike on a road with trees in the background", "A little girl riding her bike in a park.", "A person standing up while riding a bike", "A little girl riding her bike on the pavement."]
["A bathroom with a toilet bowl and shower.", "A small restroom has a toilet and a shower.", "There is a small bathroom with a toilet and shower", "a simple bathroom in beige with a toilet ", "A toilet next to a towel rack and a picture of a flower."]
["A very tall brick building with bricked up windows.", "a brick building windows and a bicycle and a black post", "A bike on a pole in front of a brick building. ", "A bicycle chained to a light pole on a sidewalk.", "A bicycle is parked next to a building with bricked up windows."]
["A ten speed bike is next to a wooden desk.", "A fish eye view of a bicycle and a wooden desk", "Fisheye photograph of a room with a bicycle and desk.", "A bicycle is parked next to a small desk.", "A dorm room with posters on the wall, a desk, and a bike."]
["A bathroom with a sink, paper roll, toilet, towel rack and mirror.", "This corner of the bathroom uses space very efficiently, with lighting, vanity, towel hanger, and toilet tissue holder. ", "Sink, mirror, and toilet in compact bathroom in a hotel.", "A bathroom with a toilet, sink and mirror.", "A bathroom with brown cabinets and a mirror."]
["That tub is usually one found in a nursing home.", "A bathroom with a large bathtub, toilet, sink, mirror and a large clock.", "Inside bathroom with a large clock face on the mirror.", "a bath room with a sink a toilet and a bath tub", "A bathroom with a tub, toilet and a sink."]
["A bathroom with a white bath tub under a window.", "a white tub a toilet a mirror and a sink", "A bathtub, sink and toilet are shown in a bathroom.", "a bathroom over looking a city with a nice view", "A bathroom that has some words on the floor."]
["this clean bathroom has all white fixtures in it", "A white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a tub.", "A white shower curtain, tub, toilet and sink.", "A clean bathroom with sink, toilet and shower.", "a bathroom with a sink and a toilet in it"]
["an image of a train that has a bike sign on the side", "A red train that along with people will transport bicycles and is wheelchair accessible.", "A red train with a bike painted on the side.", "The maroon train has a white bicycle painted on it.", "A red vehicle with a bike painted on it"]
["A bathroom with two sinks and two mirrors.", "A bathroom with a double sink and oval mirrors", "REFLECTION OF HAND TOWEL IN MIRROR IN A BATHROOM", "A bathroom with a double vanity and round mirror.", "A large black mirror hanging over a sink."]
["A bathroom with a white sink next to a  shower.", "a shower with a leopard print curtain on the pole", "A bathroom with shower curtain opened and sun shining.", "A bathroom has a tub and sink in it.", "A view through a doorway into an empty bathroom. "]
["A clean bathroom is seen in this image.", "A bathroom with brown ceramic tile around the bathtub near a window.", "Shot of bathroom with bath on far side near toilet.", "A clan bathroom with a toilet and tiled shower", "Here is a remodeled bathroom with tiles, a bathtub, and toilet."]
["A person holding a toothbrush under the running water of a faucet.", "A toothbrush being held under a water facet.", "A person holds their toothbrush under a running sink.", "A toothbrush is being held under running water.", "Person holding a toothbrush under a faucet with running water."]
["A bathroom with black wall tiles and a robe hanging on the wall", "a bath robe and towels in a bathroom", "A modern bathroom with marble walls and floor.", "A bathroom, with granite tile wales, marble sinks, and a glass standing shower. ", "a bath room with a sink and a shower "]
["A crowded city street filled with traffic at night.", "A traffic light over many different passing cars.", "A night time city view with vehicle lights and street lights.  ", "A city street with lights at night with vehicles", "A busy street with passing  traffic at night"]
["A bathroom with blue and white tiles and a white toilet", "A toilet with a water closet in a small blue and white bathroom.", "A white toilet in front of a tiled bathroom wall.", "A very small corner of a rest room with a toilet.", "A powder room with toilet, wall-mounted sink, and blue-and-white tiled walls."]
["A bathroom shower, toilet and mirror that is decorated in tan tile.", "A towel is on the toilet seat beside a bathtub. ", "A ceramic tiled bathroom with a bathtub and toilet and mirror.", "a shower/tub combo sitting next to a toilet", "a shower with a glass door and a toilet in a bathroom"]
["A white toilet sitting next to a shower in a bathroom.", "A bathroom, showing the shower, toilet and sink.", "A bathroom with a toilet, sink and shower stall.", "a bathroom view of a stand up shower and toilet with a sink near by", "A PICTURE OF A BATHROOM WITH SLIDING SHOWER "]
["a modern bathroom with blue walls and a clear shower", "The blue bathroom is small, sleek and efficient.", "a black cabinet in a white home bathroom", "The interior of a modern bathroom including toilet, shower, and cabinet", "There is a toilet next to the shelf with towels."]
["Posted signs point the way through a parking garage.", "Three traffic signs at the entrance of a parking garage. ", "Three road signs posted in a parking garage.", "This is a parking garage with several signs.", " directing signs in front of a parking garage"]
["A red four door car pulling into a parking space with a meter.", "A person is parking his car into aparking space where he will have to pay a parking meter", "A red car turns into a space in a parking lot.", "A small red object that was placed on top of a parking meter.", "A car is parked near a parking meter."]
["an over head view of cars parked below", "An overheard view of a city street with several cars.", "A group of parked cars and people in a parking lot near some houses.", "A group of cars parked in a lot behind buildings.", "An aerial view of several jumbled cars on a narrow road."]
["a bird standing close to a parked car", "Two birds standing next to a black car looking inside.", "A PAIR OF VERY LARGE BIRDS ARE STANDING BESIDE A CAR", "A bird is looking through a car window", "Two bird that are looking inside of a car."]
["A blue race car bed sitting next to a fake fuel pump.", "A childs room has a blue car bed.", "a car bed and a tool box dresser", "A blue race car bed sits in the center of a room decorated with other types of racing decor.", "an image of a bedroom setting with a toy car bed"]
["A herd of cattle laying in the grass on the ground.", "The cattle are resting on the ground.One of them is grazing. ", "A herd of white and brown cows in a grassy field.", "several cows sitting and resting in an open field", "A herd of cows laying down in hay and grass"]
["An elephant is crossing a road while a jeep is parked watching. ", "An elephant crossing the road in front of an SUV.\n", "Elephant walking through the middle of the road in front of a car. ", "An elephant crossing the road in front of a car.", "Elephant crossing road in front of SUV vehicle,"]
["A vintage VW bus that is red and white.", "A VW bus parked at a park picnic ", "a van parked in a field near other cars ", "A red Volks Wagon in a car show. \n", "THIS IS A AWESOME PHOTO OF A VOLKSWAGON BUS"]
["A yellow book bus driving down a street.", "The big book bus is blue and yellow", "A blue and yellow \"book bus\" is parked on the street.", "The bus is parked and ready to pick up more people", "There is a blue and yellow bus stopped with the words, Book Bus, on it."]
["A white toilet sitting under a bathroom window.", "A very small, old, residential bathroom during the day", "A small bathroom with a sink, toilet, and window", "a bathroom with a toilet between a sink and a shower", "A white sink and a toilet in a room."]
["A man taking a picture of himself in front of three huge beer bottles", "A PICTURE OF A MAN WITH BEER BEHIND HIM ", "A man wearing a hat in front of large bottles.", "a man standing next to a laptop and bottles of beer", "A man with a baseball cap and glasses seated in front of three large beer bottles."]
["Putting a used toilet out with the trash is certainly not appropriate.", "A ceramic toilet filled with empty drink cans amongst other rubbish on a city street ", "Recyclable material in garbage bags are left outside.", "a bunch of trash and a toilet sitting on a curb ", "A bundle of trash with a toilet basin, polythenes and bottles"]
["A blue motor scooter with a cat sitting on it.", "A cat sitting on a scooter parked below a window.", "A cat is sitting on the seat of a blue motor-bike. ", "A motorcycle with the front wheel locked and a cat sitting on the seat near a building.", "A cat sits on the seat of a motorized scooter. "]
["A beautiful woman with red hair sitting at a table.", "A woman sitting at a table with a clean plate.", "A woman at a restaurant sits in front of a finished plate.", "A picture of a woman that has just finished a desert.", "A person presses her hands to her face above an empty bowl."]
["Restroom full of many urinals with smell eliminators.", "Several automatic urinals are on the wall of a bathroom.", "a row of urinals and hand sanitizers on a bathroom wall.", "A line of urinals are attached to a brick wall.", "A row of urinals with air freshener boxes on a wall."]
["A red double decker bus parked in front of a tall building.", "red buses standing bt a building with a tower ", "A couple of double decker buses passing by a lit rotunda.", "A building with pointed tower and a red double decker bus.", "A vibrant UK city with red double decker buses riding along the street."]
["A sharp steeple on a building is lit in the sky.", "A long exposure photo of an old city building.", "A building with a steeple and lights all around it.", "A building with a spire lights up the night in the city. ", "An old city building with a spire at night."]
["A small white bird standing on top of a pond of water.", "A bird is standing on a shallow body of water.", "The black and white bird stands in shallow water.", "A black and white bird that is standing in the water.", "A black and white bird stands in the water."]
["A view of a street, with a church in the horizon.", "A street with many cars stopped at a traffic light.", "a street a fence people cars and traffic lights", "A building in the distance bathed in sunlight", "Several cars driving down the road near a fence."]
["a person in a bathroom having a reflection in the mirror", "A restroom with a toilet and a mirror. ", "a white toilet is in the corner of a bathroom", "A person is taking a picture of a bathroom with a toilet in it.", "a man in a room with a camera with a toilet"]
["A very dirty looking rest room with two toilets.", "a couple of toilet with a sink and green walled room.", "A couple of white toilets in a room.", "Two toilets next to each other in a bathroom with green walls. ", "A display of bathroom fixtures and a copper holding tank"]
["A man riding on the back of a red motorcycle.", "a motorcycle rider on a red silver and black motorcycle", "a man that is riding around on a motorcycle", "A man is riding a motorcycle on a road.", "This is a man riding a red crotch rocket."]
["A white toilet sitting under a window near a sink.", "A bathroom with a sink, toilet and shower ", "Sign on wall in public restroom stall near sink.", "A bathroom with a shower, toilet and sink.", "We are looking at a toiled in a public restroom."]
["a white urinal with its blue and white controller", "White plastic object with tubing mounted above a urinal.", "a close up of a urinal and a device next to it", "A urinal in a restroom with a deodorizer hanging above the urinal. ", "there is a urinal next to a dispenser"]
["A plate with chicken,carrots and mashed potatoes with silverware.", "There is a plate with some mashed potatoes and carrots on it.", "a plate of food on a place mate next to silverware and a red cup", "A plate of baby carrots, mashed potatoes and tuna set on a table with a cup and utensils. ", "a plate of food with carrots on a table"]
["a toilet seat in a bathroom with the lid down.", "a key hole view of a  toilet sitting on a tiled floor", "a very well cleaned toilet and covered with a lid", "A white toilet in a bathroom with white ceramic tile.", "A white toilet with white tile in a bathroom."]
["A calico cat curls up inside a bowl to sleep.", "A cat that is laying down in a bowl.", "The white and orange kitten is lying inside of a bowl.", "Cat taking a nap in a white bowl on a table.", "a close up of a cat sleeping in a bowl"]
["a motorcycle and a three wheeler both coming same direction on both sides of street", "A person riding a motorcycle down the middle of street.", "Two people riding on the back of a red motorcycle in the city. ", "How many idiots can you fit on a red motorbike, anyway?", "Two people riding on a red motorcycle in the middle of the road. "]
["A couple riding a motorcycle down a street.", "A couple is riding a motorcycle that is pulling a cart behind it.", "two people riding a motorcycle with a car on the back of it", "A couple riding a motorcycle over a bridge at a freeway entrance ramp.", "Two people on a motorcycle that's got a cooler attached to it."]
["A white toilet on the ground by some junk.", "A white toilet sitting next to trunks of stuff.", "An old toilet sitting next to other debris. ", "a close up of a toilet outdoors on concrete", "This is an out of order toilet among a pile of junk."]
["A white toilet sitting under a window on an airplane.", "A very close up look at a typical white toilet.", "A toilet in an airplane with the seat open.", "A toilet with the lid open in front of a window ", "There is a toilet with a sign on the lid."]
["A table full of many different types of food.", "A table full of food ready for an office party", "There is a table filled with foods such as: a vegetable tray, fruit tray, and a cake.", "A table topped with plastic containers filled with food.", "A table is filled with many snacks and treats. "]
["A row of motorcycles parked next to each other.", "a group of motorcyles placed side by side parked on the street", "A group of motorcycles by a street together.", "A line of motorcycles parked next to parking meters.", "A line of motorcycles parked on a street"]
["A computer desk with highlighted papers all over it.", "A desk with paper, a monitor and keyboard.", "A desktop computer sitting on top of an office desk.", "A computer on a desk covered in papers.", "A computer on a desk covered with many papers"]
["A close up of an orange in a red serving bowl.", "a orange sliced in half and resting in a bowl", "A sliced orange half in a red bowl.", "A slice of orange sitting in a red bowl.", "the orange is in a bowl on the table\n"]
["A glass bowl filled with oranges on top of a table.", "A glass bowl of oranges on a table.", "A bowl of oranges sits on a wooden table.", "a glass bowl with tangerines on a table", "A glass bowl full of oranges is on the table."]
["A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "An office cubicle decorated with action figures and posters.", "this desk is very long and has a lap top in the middle", "A laptop sits on a desk near a phone and toys on a desk.", "a very decorated work cubicle with a laptop"]
["A crystal bowl filled with oranges on top of a table.", "The glass bowl is filled with ripped oranges. ", "Clear glass bowl full of bright orange oranges.", "There is a glass bowl with oranges in it.", "a glass bowl full of tangerines on a wooden chest"]
["the door to the room is open to the outside", "A room with wooden cabinets and a brown couch.", "a living room with some chairs sitting behind a small couch ", "A mantle over a fire place and in front of a love seat.", "A living room is shown with chairs and cabinets."]
["A silver motorcycle parked next to a forest filled with lots of trees.", "A grey motorcycle parked in a tropical setting.", "A motorcycle sits parked in palm tree lined driveway. ", "There is a motor cycle that is parked next to many plants", "A motorcycle on a dirt road near palm trees."]
["The back of a large, blue motorcycle and rider", "A person riding a blue motorcycle on the road", "A man in a large blue motorcycle is traveling on. ", "He has better watch out for police officers.", "A person wearing a helmet rides a large blue motorcycle"]
["people standing outside a building with clocks built into the side of it", "a group of people underneath a large clock", "Many people gather around a building with clocks", "A building with a bunch of people standing around it", "An odd looking clock on the side of a building above a large group of people."]
["White clouds float above a big fancy castle on  a sunny day", "A very large building with a clock on the front.", "An old European cathedral on a lightly cloudy day", "People attend a large old church on a clear blue day.", "The image shows a grand building with high levels of detailed architecture."]
["a person sitting at a table with a laptop", "A beautiful woman in a blue dress with white polka dots and lines sitting in front of a laptop.", "A women who is working on a laptop computer.", "A woman that is sitting down in front of a laptop.", "A barefoot woman sitting at a table with a glass of wine and her computer."]
["Partially eaten cake on a white plate in a restaurant", "The desert is ready to be eaten on the table.", "a piece of cake is on a white plate", "a plate that has a piece of cake on it", "A piece of cake, with one slice taken out of it."]
["A man riding on the back of a motorcycle.", "A man is sitting on a black motorcylce", "A man sitting on a motorcycle in a yellow riding jacket.", "A man sitting on a motorcycle on a sidewalk.", "There is a man sitting on a motor cycle."]
["A woman leaning up against an outside wall using her cell phone.", "A young lady is smiling while on her cellular phone. ", "A young girl playing on her cell phone with a cigarette in her hand. ", "A woman leaning against a stone structure while looking at her phone.", "A woman standing by a building with a cell phone."]
["THERE IS A MOTORCYLCE WITH PEOPLE STANDING ON THE SIDE OF THE STREET ", "a motorcycle being driven down the road with people watching on the sidewalk", "MOTORCYCLIST CARRYING AMERICAN FLAG OF HIS BIKE, OTHERS LOOKING ON", "People watching a motorcycle parade on a cold night", "a person on motorcycle with a united states flag parked on a street"]
["motorcycle bikes all parked next to each other lined up down the road . ", "Tons of motorcycles are parked close to each other. ", "A row of motorcycles parked next to each other.", "a row of motorcycles in front of a forest", "Many motorcycles are lined up next to each other with several people standing among them in front of a lot of trees."]
["A group of motorcyclists riding across the town", "A group of people riding motorcycles down a street lined with motorcycles.", "A man with a bandanna almost covering his face rides his motorcycle with other motorcyclists. ", "The motorcycle gang is driving threw town today ", "Several men riding their motorcycles on a street. "]
["two people on motorcycles car and trees and water", "MOTORCYCLISTS WAITING IN TRAFFIC ON A RAINY DAY", "Two individuals sit on motorcycles on a busy street in the rain.", "Two motorcyclists next to one another on damp street ", "Two people in helmets sitting on a motorcycle behind a car."]
["The doors on a subway car are slightly opened.", "The doors are very close together but not closed.", "a blue and white door that is to a train", "A view of a door that is blue and white.", "the door with door handles of a train car"]
["A room with an older model television in it.", "A living room with a laundry basket on the floor", "A living room that has a television and a chair", "a television set a gray chair a table lamp and some pictures", "A picture of a old fashioned looking living room."]
["A bathroom sink sitting underneath a mirror in a bathroom.", "A bathroom area with sink, phone and mirror.", "A bathroom which has a telephone, sink and mirror. ", "I am unable to see the image above.", "a mirror a phone a sink a toilet and a light"]
["A large jet sitting on top of an airport tarmac.", "a large airplane that is on a runway", "A plane sitting at the airport, with luggage crew working on it.", "a blue and white plane and some people", "A small passenger plane loading cargo in an airport."]
["A squadron of four fighter jets flying through a blue sky.", "Four fighter jets are flying across the clear sky.", "Four fighter jets in formation with three having a smoke stream off of the tail.", "Four jet airplanes are flying in formation in a cloudless sky.", "Four airplanes are flying up in the air in formation."]
["Four jets fly overhead trailing smoke with a clear blue sky.", "Four jets are flying high in the blue sky. ", "Fighter jets flying together in close formation leaving vapor trails.", "some fighter jets flying in formation with some smoke trails behind it", "a couple of fighter jets flying through the blue sky "]
["A fighter jet is flying through a clear sky.", "A white space shuttle flies in a clear blue sky. ", "The jet air craft is up side down.", "A airplane with striped wings is in the air.", "A USAF jet flying upside down in a blue sky"]
["A group of people observing two planes at an air show. ", "A family walks on a runway near huge planes.", "People walking towards aircrafts on display outside during the day.", "People walking around two different Air Force airplanes.", "Large, air force airplanes sit on a runway while tourists look at them."]
["An airplane flying in the sky with smoke coming out of it. ", "A trick plane performing trick moves in the sky.", "A red and black airplane in a clear blue sky upside down.", "A red and black trick plane leaving a smoke trail.", "A red plane flying through a blue sky."]
["A large jetliner flying through a cloudy blue sky.", "A airplane that is flying in the sky.", "The jet airplane flies across the blue sky. ", "a red and white plane flying under a blue sky", "An orange, red and grey plane flying in the sky."]
["a large air plane on a run way ", "a plane flies across a big wide run way", "A Lufthansa commercial jetliner parked at an airport.", "Lufthansa aircraft carrier on the tarmac of an airport", "A large airplane is seen on the ground."]
["A humongous jumbo jet is on the airport runway.", "an airplane sitting on an asphalt landing strip.", "An airport parked on an airstrip in front of a building.", "A Lufthansa jumbo-jet at some airport during the day.", "The plane is sitting on the runway at the airport. "]
["A large airliner jet flying through the blue sky.", "An airplane flying in a clear blue sky.", "A large white airplane flying through the sky.", "The bottom of an airplane flying in the sky.", "White jet plane flying in the sky with engines in the wings."]
["inside a airplane hangar,a stealth plane hanging -up.", "A picture of a plane in a room.", "A hangar or display room with a giant bomber jet.", "An old photo of a plane inside of a garage", "plane is getting build in a small dirty garage "]
["A small plan is parked half on a cement area and half in a field while the ground is wet.", "An old plane with the propeller and four windows sits on the runway,", "A propeller plane that is on the runway.", "A small airplane in an airport on a rainy day", "A old aircraft that is half parked on the tarmac."]
["The view from an airplane window looking down on clouds and mountains.", "An airplane is flying high over the white puffy clouds.", "A view of a mountain top from a window in a high flying aircraft. ", "The view out of the plane shows mountains and clouds.  ", "A view of an airplane engine and a mountain range."]
["The Seattle Space Needle as a Jumbo Jet Plane flies by.", "A large passenger jet flying over the space needle in Washington.", "A plane in sky flying by a tower topped with a circle.", "A large plane flying in the sky over a tall tower.", "An air plane looks quite small compared to a huge sky-scraper. "]
["Two planes fly next to each other with only the sky visible in the background.", "A large airplane and a smaller one beneath are in flight.", "A couple of small airplanes high up in the sky.", "two older planes flying in the air next to each other", "Two planes are flying in unison with each other."]
["Two airplane shaped kites flying through a blue sky.", "Two airplane kites fly in the blue sky.", "Two kites fashioned to look like planes in the sky.", "two kites in the shape of World War I fighter planes", "Two kites shaped like World War 1 German biplanes. "]
["A group of people standing outside of a small airplane.", "People standing in shallow water, next to a float plane.", "People in hats and sunglasses are standing in the water near a plane.", "A man and woman posing for a picture next to a plane.", "A couple stands in shallow water next to a light aircraft."]
["An airplane parked next to a terminal ready for passengers to board.", "A plane on the tarmac is parked at a gate.", "a large white plane is sitting on a runway", "An airplane sitting on a runway.being loaded up.", "An airplane parked at a airport terminal under gray skies."]
["A red, grey and white airplane passes overhead.", "A view from the ground of the bottom of an airplane.", "A jet airplane is flying through the sky.", "The underside of a passenger airliner taking off.", "there is a small plane that is flying in the sky"]
["A large jetliner flying through a blue sky with two engines.", "a big jumbo plane flying through the air ", "A passenger plane that is flying in the sky.", "A plane flying through a clear sky can be seen from the bottom.", "a commercial jet airplane flies through a blue sky"]
["Two airplanes flying through a blue sky with smoke pouring out of their rear ends.", "Two small air crafts are flying side by side in the air.", "A couple of small airplanes flying in the sky.", "a couple of planes fly through the air ", "Two airplanes that have white smoke coming out of them."]
["A giraffe walking through dead bushes and grass.", "a giraffe walking through the brush in the savannah ", "A baby giraffe walking through a field with no leaves. ", "A giraffe walks through brush and trees. ", "one giraffe is walking through some bushes and trees"]
["A giraffe is standing outside in a field.", "a giraffe is standing alone in a field", "A giraffe near a bush looks into the distance.", "a giraffe and some brown grass bushes and a hill", "A giraffe standing in the grass near a bush."]
["A airplane flying high in the sky next to a set of white smoke lines. ", "A plane that is flying in the sky.", "a big jumbo plane flies through the blue sky ", "a jet airplane in the air in between two jet streams", "A commercial jet with its wheels down in a blue sky"]
["Commercial jet airplane flying in clear blue skies.", "This blue and white airplane is soaring through clear skies.", "the plane is flying. The bottom is blue", "View of overhead jet plane on landing approach.", "A jet flying overhead appears to be coming in for a landing."]
["some zebras a giraffe and other animals and some bushes and trees", "Four zebras, two warthogs and a giraffe in an open field", "Numerous animals, such as zebras and giraffes, on a dry grassy plain.", "An outdoor scene with zebras, elephants and a giraffe.  ", "Wild animals in the grazing and walking in the brush."]
["some zebras and giraffes are walking around ", "Zebras and giraffes eat and rest on an open plain.", "Giraffes and zebras  grazing and sitting in the grass. ", "Zebras and giraffes rest in the noonday sun.", "The zebras are in the grassy field with the giraffes. "]
["A small airplane flying through a blue sky.", "A red plane flying in a cloudless sky", "A small airplane flies in the sky during the daytime. ", "a small plane flying in the air with a sky background", "A red plane flying high in a clear blue sky."]
["A herd of Giraffes and a herd of Zebra's running together across a field.", "There are zebras and giraffes running across a field.", "a number of animals in a field near one another ", "The zebras and giraffes are running threw the fields. ", "A herd of zebra standing on a field next to a  herd of giraffe."]
["A group of different animals are grazing in the wild. ", "A group of wild animals in a field outside", "A herd of of wild animals walking around a field surrounded by forest.", "Zebras, giraffes and kudus on the run across a plain.", "it is a savannah with zebras and giraffes."]
["The wildlife is grazing on the tall vegetation.", "Zebras and a giraffe share a meal on an open plain.", "Giraffes, zebras and rhinoceros' graze on the open plain.  ", "A giraffe and some zebras in the plains", "A nature reserve where giraffes, zebra, and other animals roam freely."]
["A giraffe stands next to a pole in a habitat.", "A giraffe and a zebra in a zoo enclosure", "A giraffe standing next to a zebra eating food. ", "View of someone's cap at the bottom and a giraffe and zebra in the back", "A giraffe in a sandy area next to trees and a rock wall."]
["A herd of buffalo grazing on grass next to the ocean.", "A herd of black sheep grazing near the shore", "A field full of wild animals next to a beach.", "A group of animals grazing next to a beach and ocean.", "A herd of large wholly sheep walk near a beach."]
["a field that ha a bunch of sheep in it", "Several sheep walking or grazing on the grass. ", "A group of sheep grazing in a field", "A herd of sheep sitting in a field grazing.", "there are many sheep that are on this field"]
["Animals in a field surrounded by trees and fencing.", "Several sheep and a dog are on a green field.", "A herd of sheep grazing on a grass covered hillside.", "Sheep and lambs grazing in a pasture behind a hedge.", "Sheep and their lambs graze in a grassy paddock"]
["Planes are flying in a V formation in a blue sky.", "Six stunt planes fly in the sky together.", "Six airplanes in a triangular formation flying in the sky.", "Six Blue Angel jets fly in formation in a blue sky", "Several blue and yellow jets flying in a formation."]
["A large plane is parked outside an airplane hangar.", "A airplane parked out on a runway by itself.", "An old airplane on a corner of the runway.", "An airplane on a small airfield runway. ", "A white airplane is on the ground at an airport."]
["A giraffe in a dry savannah with dry shrubs", "A giraffe standing in a dry, open field.", "A giraffe standing on top of a dry grass field.", "A giraffe stands out in the dried out field alone ", "A giraffe standing in the dirt surround by leafless trees. "]
["A cat sitting up on its hind feet on a park bench", "A fat black cat stands on his hind legs on a park bench.", "A black cat stands up on its hind legs on a bench.", "A cat standing up on a wooden bench.", "A black cat sitting on top of a wooden bench."]
["A road with traffic lights, street lights and cars ", "A city street with cars racing by fast under a street light.", "The traffic lights are clearly visible for all of us to see. ", "A city street in winter with cars zooming by.", "A close up of the push to walk button"]
["A turquoise and white airplane and cars on the tarmac.", "The plane that the president uses on the runway.", "A huge white and blue airplane sits on the runway.", "A blue and white airplane parked outside on the tarmac. ", "A large jetliner sitting on top of an airport runway."]
["The airplane is taking off the runway at the airport. ", "A plane taking off into the air from a runway.", "A passenger plane that is in mid take off.", "An airplane begins to take off of pavement.", "A Delta airplane takes off of the runway."]
["A giraffe standing in front of green brush.", "A giraffe stands with its head above the grass.", "A tall giraffe is standing against the gray sky.", "A giraffe that is walking alone outside in a field.", "A single giraffe is standing among some greenery."]
["A large giraffe standing in front of a lush green wilderness.", "A giraffe that only has one horn growing", "A giraffe stands tall amongst very tall grass.", "A giraffe looks at the camera as it walks through the brush.", "A curious giraffe looks down from some tall scrubby terrain."]
["A traffic light hanging over a street next to tall buildings.", "A street light in a city setting next to high rise buildings.", "a sun setting over a large city and buildings", "A view of buildings and a street light as the sun sets. ", "The sun shines on the side of many tall buildings."]
["A girl uses a phone next to a dog", "A woman sitting on a bench with a dog sitting on the ground by her.", "A woman and a brown dog are sitting on the ground.", "a brown dog is sitting in front of a young woman", "A dog sits on the sidewalk while a girl looks at her cellphone. "]
["Adult and juvenile giraffes standing and lying on a dirt clearing.", "AOne giraffe standing over other giraffes laying down", "A herd of giraffe standing next to each other on a dirt field.", "A group of giraffe hanging out in an open area.", "A group of giraffes huddle together in the middle of a dirt ground. "]
["Two giraffes in a zoo look at their surroundings", "Two giraffes are standing at a wild animal park. ", "Two giraffes standing close together near a pile of rocks.", "Two giraffes on grassy field with rocks and trees around.", "Two giraffes standing together in an outdoor park."]
["A large commercial airplane parked on the runway", "A large jet liner sitting on top of an airport tarmac.", "The airplane is parked on the runway in the airport. ", "Jet plane on tarmac with truck unloading luggage. ", "Some big commercial planes parked by the terminal."]
["A small yellow airplane is on a grassy runway.", "A small yellow plane sitting on top of an airport runway.", "A yellow plane is taking off to fly ", "A tiny yellow plane prepares to take off.", "a yellow plane that is out on a runway"]
["A small airplane flying over a field over crops.", "a black white and red airplane and some people", "A propeller plane that is flying close to the ground.", "A black and red biplane flying over a marker on a street.", "A huge airplane flies over a string over some people. "]
["A giraffe stands beneath a tree beside a marina.", "A statue of a giraffe eating at a marina.", "a giraffe statue next to some docked boats", "A giraffe is standing near the water with a lot of sailboats lined up.", "The giraffe is standing in front of the harbor. "]
["a street sign attached to a metal pole next to a street.", "A pedestrian traffic light and car are shown at an intersection.", "a street light saying it is not okay to cross the street", "A stoplight on the side of the road.", "A traffic light next to a blue car in front of a building."]
["A row of traffic lights hanging over a suburban intersection.", "A bunch of stop lights hanging over an intersection.", "A large and busy intersection with several light and traffic lanes.", "Multiple traffic lights are strung across a wide intersection.", "A street light view from underneath the street lights."]
["a couple of people that are sitting on a park bench", "A man and a woman sit on a park bench and look at a statue.", "Man and woman sitting on bench contemplating a statue.", "Two people sitting on a bench facing the back of a statue of a woman holding a hat. ", "Man and woman sitting a on park bench looking at a statue"]
["A police office standing on a street corner next to a power box.", "Man in uniform standing on sidewalk looking across a street.", "A man in uniform standing next to machines.", "A man stands as other people walk by.", "This is an image of a man in uniform on a sidewalk."]
["A stop light that is green that also has various other street markers on it.", "A green street light on a city street.", "A traffic light on a pole on the side of the street.", "The electronic traffic signal near the building has turned green.", "a pole with street signs and a green light "]
["The electronic light has many tiny green dots.", "A bunch of small green lights set in a yellow base.", "an extreme close up of a green street light", "An up close picture of a traffic light.", "The traffic light has turned green for us to go. "]
["A giraffe grazing from shrubs next to the road", "A giraffe standing at a dirt road eating off a tree branch.", "A giraffe standing next to a tree eating its leaves.", " This is a tall giraffe standing outside among the trees.", "A giraffe grazing from a tree next to a road."]
["Eight busses are parked in front of a field.", "A bunch of buses parked in a lot together.", "Abandoned buses in a grassy lot under some trees and a blue sky.", "A parking lot for old multicolored school buses.", "a parking lot filled with many buses and some trees"]
["A bus drives down the middle of a street. ", "a white orange and blue bus on a street and trees", "a orange and blue bus riding down a road", "A bus is driving along the street by a street sign.", "An orange and blue bus is on the road."]
["A wild animal sitting on some rocks in a field.", "A sheep lays in a grassy, rocky area.", "A sheep is lying down in the grass.", "Sheep perched atop knoll on green countryside with rocks.", "A sheep sits on a rocky, hilly field."]
["The red tow truck is pulling a yellow double decker bus.", "A tow truck is towing a yellow bus.", "THERE IS A TOW TRUCK THAT IS TOWING A BUS ", "That tow truck is hauling a huge bus.", "a couple of cars  outside by some trees"]
["a person sitting on a bench reading a book", "A woman sitting on a bench reading a book", "A lady sitting on a park bench reading a book.", "a female in a dress is reading on a bench", "A woman sitting on a bench holding an open book."]
["A woman on a bench reading a book", "A woman sitting on a park bench with her hand in her hair.", "Woman sitting on a bench and holding some of her hair", "an image of a woman sitting on the bench", "A woman with blonde hair sitting at a bench in front of a building."]
["It is night time and the town is quiet. ", "A nightlife scene at the park in the dark", "A long exposure image of a street during the night. ", "A street is displayed at night with time lapse photography.", "There is a street at night with cars passing by."]
["The giraffes are standing together on the grass", "A group of giraffes gathered by a fence at a wildlife park", "A bunch of giraffes that are standing in the dirt.", "there are giraffes walking on the road together", "a group of giraffes are walking on a dirt trail"]
["A wet view of a street with people crossing in front of buses.", "A view of a busy street with a lot of buses.", "Two double decker buses passing each other as two people cross the street.", "Double decker buses sit at an intersection on a rainy day.", "A rainy picture of three red double deck buses on a street."]
["A giraffe looking for food between large rocks.", "A giraffe rests it's neck on a bunch of rocks.", "A giraffe laying down with his head on the rocks", "A giraffe reaching between two rocks to obtain grass.", "A giraffe reaching its head above some rocks to a grass area."]
["A double decker bus driving down a street next to tall buildings.", "People are standing next to a car parked behind a bus.", "an orange and black car and a yellow and blue bus and some people ", "Men standing in a street next to a car and a large bus.", "A Hyundai vehicle is following a city bus."]
["all the vehicles in this town are red", "A street filled with lots of traffic near traffic lights.", "A bunch of traffic on a very busy street.", "a number of public transit buses on a city street", "A a city street crowded with street cars "]
["A city street filled with lots of traffic and pedestrians.", "A mostly grey, European cityscape with buildings and lots of traffic, vehicular and otherwise, picks up bits of bright red from buses, stop signs, sidewalk signs and pedestrian clothing items.   ", "A busy road in London shows several red busses and smaller cars as pedestrians walk next to them. ", "A busy street with multiple cars and many pedestrians.", "During the day many people occupy the street."]
["A white wooden bench sitting on top of a green hill next to the ocean.", "A white bench on a cliff by the sea shore on a sunny day. ", "a bench on a hill overlooking a body of water", "A white bench sitting that overlooks an ocean view", "This is an image of a bench overlooking a beach."]
["a couple of giraffes that are standing in a fence", "two giraffe stand behind a fence in a zoo enclosure", "Two giraffes roaming around an enclosed area on a sunny day.", "Two giraffes in a grassy area with a fence and trees next to them.", "The two giraffes are walking in their pen."]
["All of these sheep have coats that are ready for shearing.", "some sheep standing around by a wooden wall ", "Five sheep are standing and sitting in their enclosure.", "One sheep lies down as four others stand near.", "A group of five sheep wait outside a barn."]
["A giraffe sticking its head in a feeding basket with trees in background.", "Giraffe reaching into basked with trees in background", "A very tall adult giraffe eating from a basket.", "A giraffe is eating out of a basket.", "a giraffe eating from a man made feeder"]
["A picture of two giraffes, fairly close to a road, with a bus traveling up it.", "People driving and observing giarffs in a natural environment.", "Giraffes are wandering around on a field with a camper in the background.", "Two giraffes roaming with a van of people looking on.", "Two giraffes in the savannah with buses in the background."]
["A man pushing a wheelchair on the street.", "Bicycle crossing light on a traffic signal near a park.", "There are people walking near a traffic light.", "The man is pushing the person on the road in a wheelchair.", "The traffic light indicates bicycles on the crosswalk."]
["A tree sitting on top of a hillside near a bench.", "A rustic bench beneath a tree near a wire fence.", "a wooden bench besides a very wide tree", "A park bench made out of wood in the park. ", "A bench fashioned from chopped tree trunks in the woods"]
["A bench on a wooden plank in the water", "A wooden deck with a bench of top of it.", "a wooden dock that is in a body of water", "A bench is situated on the edge of a very small dock.", "A bench is on a deck overlooking the water"]
["A traffic light hanging over a street next to cross walks.", "A street light that is hanging from a wire.", "a street view of a traffice light, houses and vehicles", "This American city street has one-way traffic only", "A red stoplight at an urban intersection under a bright blue sky with puffy clouds."]
["Two giraffes are looking at each other in a wooden room.", "Two giraffes looking at each other from two separate rooms. ", "A pair of giraffes looking at each other.", "two giraffes are inside a barn looking at each other", "two girrafe standing and facing one another next to a wall"]
["THERE IS A BOAT IN THE WATER UNDER THE SKY", "A park that overlooks the water with boats in it", "Benches in a green park overlook a calm blue bay", "A full view of an ocean with ships on the waters. ", "A landscape of a body of water with boats in it and benches in the grass in front of it."]
["A red fire hydrant in front of a window with large windows.", "A red fire hydrant outside of an old brick building.", "The bricks of this building are many colors", "A fire hydrant is placed in front of an old building. ", "An old building, a sidewalk with weeds, and a red fire hydrant."]
["A red fire hydrant placed near a building", "A red fire hydrant between two barriers next to a wall.", "A small window and a red fire hydrant between two bike racks.", "The red and green fire hydrant is in front of the window", "A fire hydrant in front of a wall with a barred window."]
["A red double decker bus parked next to another city bus.", "A double decker bus parked next to a red bus in a parking lot.", "Red double deck bus parked beside single story red bus.", "Two red buses are on the street near shrubs.", "A double-decker bus parked in a parking lot."]
["a colorful double decker bus doing down the road beside a semi", "A double decker bus is traveling down the street.", "A double decker bus on a street in England", "A double-decked bus is driving along the highway.", "A double decker bus is traveling down the road on an empty street."]
["A fire hydrant has been painted in the style of Dalmatian outside the fire department. ", "A fire hydrant painted with dalmatian spots, in front of a Charleston Fire Department building.", "Black and white fire hydrant sitting in front of a fire department. ", "Fire hydrant in non-traditional paint, whitish yellow paint with black polka dots in front of old style firehouse with USA flag.", "A polka dot fire hydrant outside of a firehouse"]
["a very big bus moving on the street with no people", "a large red bus with two levels is going past buildings", "A red two story bus travels along a road.", "A red double decker bus on a street, passing a red van.", "a double decker parked on the side of the road "]
["An elderly couple view the trees from a bench by the lake.", "An older couple sits on a bench near the lake with lilypads.", "Man and woman hikers sitting on rustic bench in front of a pond.", "Two old people sitting on a bench before a wooded lake", "a couple of people are sitting in front of the water"]
["An older model double deck tour bus sitting on a road side.", "An orange double decker bus is parked on the side of the road.", "Empty double decker London bus in rural area.", "A red double decker bus parked on a gravel road.", "A double high bus that is sitting on the street."]
["Street full of cars, double decker buses, and someone on a bike", "The city bus is traveling down the road.", "A red and white double decker bus on a street.", "A red double decker bus on the road with other traffic around", "A number 56 double decker bus driving down the road"]
["A yellow fire hydrant surrounded by many types of flowers next to an apartment.", "A yellow fire hydrant surrounded by flowers in front of a gray house.", "A still scene allows a woman to put flowers next to an unused fire hydrant", "A close-up of a yellow fire hydrant surrounded by flowers.", "A bright yellow fire hydrant has pretty flowers and decorative stones surrounding it; a cement building is in the background and one of the curtains is very colorful. "]
["A set of park benches near a lamp post", "A park with benches, a lamppost, and trees.", "Park scene, park bench, light pole and building in back ground, probably city park area.", "Two benches are separated by a pole front of a brick wall.", "A fire hydrant with a bench and building in a background."]
["A herd of sheep crossing a bridge over a river.", "There are some sheep crossing a bridge over a river.", "A herd of sheep using a wooden bridge to cross a steam in a pasture.", "Three white sheep with black legs and faces, crossing a simple bridge over narrow waterway with lush green grass on both sides and four sheep in distance near lush leafy trees.", "A bunch of sheep walking across a bridge."]
["A red double decker bus driving past a tall building.", "A double decker bus travels past a crowd of people on the sidewalk.", "A crowded red double decker bus passes a group of people on the sidewalk.", "A group of people on the side of a street watching a bus drive by.", "The big red bus is riving past the crowd of people on the sidewalk."]
["The people get off of the white buss next to the forest ", "A group of people in front of a bus.", "People walk in a parking lot as a site appears to have been rolled over by one of the huge boulders.", "Several people get off of a tour bus. ", "People walk from a bus across a parking lot."]
["A PICTURE OF PEOPLE GETTING OFF OF A WHITE BUS ", "Couple of people just exited the bus and is walking through parking lot", "A couple people getting off of a white, school bus.", "A couple and child exit a white bus onto a gravel lot.", "a small parking lot in the middle of a forest feild"]
["A yellow schoolbus with a woman spread out in front of it.", "A woman standing with her arms in the air next to a school bus.", "A woman poses for a picture outside a painted school bus. ", "A woman posing with arms open in front of a graffiti'ed bus.", "A proud young woman stands in front of a school bus painted with the words \"Food is Free\"."]
["A man sitting on a bench right on a bay of water.", "A person sitting down a bench in front of the ocean. ", "Man sitting on bench on rocky shore watching ship in distance.", "Man sitting on a bench overlooking the ocean.", "A man sitting on top of a bench near the ocean."]
["A wooden bench with snow in a  forest.", "a wood bench is outside covered in snow", "A winter scene of a park bench covered in snow among the trees.", "A bench is sitting near a wooded area.", "a bench leaves snow trees and some branches "]
["Girl siting on a bench in the woods in the fall.", "A young girl sitting on a wooden bench", "A girl that is wearing fishnet stockings and laying on a park bench.", "there is a woman that is posing for a picture on a bench", "A woman in a red jacket and stockings sitting on a bench."]
["A giraffe standing outside of a building next to a tree.", "A giraffe standing in a small piece of shade.", "A giraffe finds some sparse shade in his habitat", "Giraffe standing in a holding pen near a tree stump. ", "A giraffe in a zoo enclosure next to a barn."]
["A couple of older men sitting on top of a bench.", "Two old men with glasses seated on armchairs ", "Two older men sit on an outdoor bench.", "Two old men sitting side by side conversing.", "A couple of men sitting on a wooden bench."]
["This photo shows four copies of the same fire hydrant.", "multiple pictures of a fire hydrant on a street.", "Four photos of a fire hydrant in a row.", "A red fire hydrant that was spray painted silver on the side. ", "a collage of photos with four fire hydrants "]
["Top of a fire hydrant covered in pink paint.", "A pink piece of metal with a bolt and nut on top.", "A very close up view of an old bright colored fir hydrant.", "a decaying fire hydrant knob with worn paint", "a close up of a pink fire hydrant on a city street"]
["Birds perched on iron poles in front of a tall building.", "metal rusty metal birds stand on a pole with tall building in the background ", "bird sculptures atop iron perches overlooking a city", "This is a picture of four birds on poles in the city.", "Metal bird sculptures are on poles with city buildings in the background."]
["An old green fire hydrant sits on a grassy curb. ", "Flowers hang from a small decorative post in a yard.", "A green fire hydrant sitting on a patch of grass.", "A green fire hydrant on at a cementery.", "The older style fire hydrant is on the side of the road."]
["A flock of birds floating on top of a boat.", "Six birds are perched on a blue row boat in the body of water.", "A boat in on the water with a flock of birds in it.", "Birds land on a small boat sitting in the water.", "A group of gulls gather on an empty boat."]
["Two giraffes are running through a bushy savannah.", "Two giraffe standing next to each other on a field.", "A giraffes chasing behind another giraffe from the bushes", "Two giraffes running in a sandy area with few trees.", "Two giraffes walking through grass and sand on a beach."]
["Two Mallards float and drink water in a shallow pool.", "Two ducks are swimming in some brown water.", "Two ducks swimming on a very dirty pond.", "Two ducks swimming in a body of water.", "Two ducks in a pond in a camp grounds."]
["A bird that is perched on a branch.", "A small bird perched on a branch with leaves", "A side view of a bird sitting on a branch.", "A small bird sits on a branch in a tree.", "A small bird perched on top of a wooden branch."]
["A bird sits perched on the edge of an umbrella. ", "Bird sitting on the edge of a sun umbrella", "A bird that is standing on an umbrella.", "a close up of a small bird on an open umbrella ", "A close-up of a bird on the edge of a roof."]
["A bird reaches into a cup to take a drink.", "A yellow bird head down in a small plastic cup.", "A dead tagged bird being weighed in a cup.", "A bird with a tag head first in a plastic container.", "A bird with his head stuck upside down in a top."]
["A very tall giraffe walks through the trees.", "a giraffe is walking outside among bushes and trees", "A giraffe standing in a wooded area under clear skies.", "A giraffe standing in the wild dry grass ", "There is a giraffe standing among the trees."]
["A street sign that has been modified so the name is changed.", "a couple of signs are on a pole", "The 300 block of a street sign with several handwritten letters. ", "Street signs are sitting on top of the pole.", "THIS IS A PICTURE OF A STREET SIGN WITH A BIRD IN FLIGHT IN THE BACK GROUND"]
["Two giraffe standing next to each other near  brick building.", "The two giraffes look over the fence at the same time.", "Three giraffes looking over a large wooden fence.", "Two giraffes are standing behind a wood fence", "A pair of giraffe standing and a third giraffe peeping. "]
["A bird sitting on top  of an orange slice.", "A bird sitting on an orange feeding on it.", "A bird sits on top of an orange with bird seed.", "Bird in tree standing on half an orange with seeds. ", "a bird that is eating out of a piece of fruit"]
["A passenger train car that has been tagged with graffiti.", "a train with a bunch of graffiti on it ", "Metropolitan commuter train painted with graffiti on side.", "There is colorful graffiti on the glass wall.", "A subway train is covered with colorful graffiti."]
["A woman petting a cat, and other picture with a be prepared to stop sign.", "Two images:  A woman and a cat at a window and a highway with a construction sign.", "The two images show a woman sitting beside a cat and a highway electronic warning sign.", "Two pictures: One of them is a woman petting a cat the other is a road sign saying be prepare to stop.", "A woman petting a cat and a sign along the road."]
["A red stop sign leaning over on it's side.", "The stop signs on the intersection are both slanted at an angle.", "a stop sign leaning side ways in the ground", "Stop signs on a corner are all tilted towards the ground", "Two stop signs lean to the left at an intersection."]
["A street sign with the name of two streets and a stop sign, and parked cars and buildings in the distance.", "The stop sign has two street names posted above it.", "There is a stop sign at the intersection of A Street and First Street. ", "This stop sign is at the intersection of First St. and A St.", "A stop sign sits below two signs that read \"A First\"."]
["Two giraffes in an enclosure with their necks and heads touching.", "two giraffes are standing neck to neck in their pen at the zoo", "Two giraffes with heads extended up eating from a tree.", "A pair of giraffes is stretching up to a limb in perfect harmony.", "If you have some animals that are eating something up a tree."]
["a giraffe checking out the bark on a tree", "A giraffe in an enclosure reaching for food.", "A giraffe and zebra inside of a zoo enclosure", "A giraffe with it's mouth set on a pole.", "A giraffe and a zebra eating together in a park."]
["A sign on Dunmore Court warns pet owners to keep their dogs off the median.", "A street sign that says dunmore ct and another sign that says keep dogs off median.", "there are two street signs on the same pole", "A \" KEEP DOGS OFF MEDIAN\" sign posted under the Dunmore CT street sign.", "A street sign and sign warning to keep dogs off the median."]
["A giraffe standing next to a pile of stones.", "A giraffe trying to eat leaves from a tree.", "A giraffe raising its head up eating from a tree.", "A giraffe standing and reaching its head up a tree and eating leaves.", "A giraffe stretching his neck to reach some tree leaves."]
["A street sign above an orange detour sign.", "A wooden post with a detour sign posted on it", "A street corner has a stoplight and detour sign.", "This shows two street signs that say ninth street and detour", "A bright orange sign showing the way to a detour."]
["A water bird stands on the shore as the tide comes in.", "A bird walking toward the water at the ocean.", "A bird standing on top of a wet beach.", "A pelican standing on the beach in front of the waves. ", "a little bird standing on the shore as the waves come in "]
["A giraffe bending over while standing on green grass.", "A baby giraffe bending over to graze on the grass.", "A single young giraffe eats from a grassy field.", "The giraffe is leaning down to eat the grass.", "A giraffe bends down to graze on some grass. "]
["Two giraffe standing next to each other on a lush green field.", "several giraffe in a field with trees and rocks", "Giraffes in a grassy area surrounded by rocks and branches.", "Giraffes look to see if there is anything interesting on the ground.", "Three giraffes are outdoors near some dead trees and water."]
["Two giraffes stand and eat food out of a basket.", "two giraffes looking for food in an empty feeding basket", "a couple of giraffes reach for a basket ", "Two giraffes that are eating from a basket.", "Two giraffes eating from a basket on a pole."]
["Two giraffe standing next to each other in a zoo.", "Three giraffes are walking around in a park.", "There are giraffes at a zoo being observed by people.", "Giraffes in pen at zoo behind stone wall.", "A person observing three giraffes over a stone wall."]
["Three with colored birds standing on a wet surface, each bird standing on one leg.", "Three cranes standing on one leg in the water ", "There are three birds each standing on one leg on wet ground.", "a group of birds walk on some mud next to some water ", "Three birds standing on some damp ground outside."]
["Three geese eating out of a parking lot grassy field. ", "Ducks are walking through the grass near a parking lot.", "some birds grass on a patch of grass", "three geese walk along a median in a parking lot", "Four ducks are in a grassy island of a parking lot with their heads down."]
["A couple of ducks standing on the side of a road.", "Two birds are eating grass on an island near a parking lot.", "A car parked in a parking bay and a bird on a roadside", "A couple of geese are out to pasture .", "a couple of birds that are eating something out of the grass"]
["A hard to miss street sign set between two traffic lights.", "The sign is giving the directions while the traffic light is about to turn red", "A sign at a traffic light that says \"US-1 Whitehead St.\" ", "A highway sign displayed on a traffic post.", "A street sign and two traffic lights hang over US Route 1."]
["A tree has a no parking sign taped to its trunk.", "A tree in front of a brick building with a no parking sign attached to the tree.", "A tree located in front of a building with signs on it.", "A no parking sign is duct taped to a tree outside of a building.", "A sign that indicates no parking is taped to a tree."]
["a couple of signs are hanging on a white pole", "Intersection street sign next to a tall tree.", "Two street signs on a metal pole near a tree.", "A street sign stands next to a tree", "A street corner next to a large tree. "]
["A bird looks out across a body of water.", "A bird stands on a dry spot where it is surround by water.", "A beautiful bird stands on the bank of a river.", "A blue sand piper standing at the edge of the water.", "A large bird standing on top of a beach next to water."]
["A picture of several people in a sail boat in the ocean.", "Two men relax in a small boat on a lake.", "a small boat with two people in a body of water", "One man is on the tip of a small boar hanging off to the side.", "Two people riding in  a row boat on calm water."]
["A field filled with purple flowers and green plants.", "I almost did not see the bird that is camouflaged in this photo.", "A small hummingbird that is flying near some flowers.", "A humming bird is gathering food from a flower.", "A grouping of pink flowers with green leaves during the day."]
["Three birds are looking around while on the ground.", "These three birds are walking along the beach looking for food", "Sea birds walking on wet sand at the beach", "Three small birds standing on a sandy beach.", "Three birds stand around on a sandy beach."]
["A large predatory bird sits on a tree branch in an exhibit.", "Large black bird standing on the branch of a tree. ", "A brown falcon perches on the branch of a tree. ", "A bird sitting on the branch of a tree looking away.", "A large black bird perched on a large tree branch."]
["The parrot is perched on a tree limb.", "A large hawk is perched on a tree limb and an outdoor enclosure.", "An exotic bird stares while standing in a tree.", "A large black and red bird perched on a branch", "A beautiful hawk sitting in a tree within a bird enclosure."]
["A man wearing a glove with a bird on top of it.", "a man holds on to a big bird ", "Man holding up a large bird in front of people. ", "a man with a hawk sitting on his arm", "A man wears a glove holding a bird. "]
["a close up of a dog with a hat ", "A dog that is laying down with a party hat on its head. ", "This dog is wearing a Happy Birthday hat.", "A shaggy dog wearing a happy birthday hat and laying on the ground.", "A dog with a birthday hat on his head."]
["A dog with a hat strapped to its head.", "a dog stand next to a person with a hat on ", "A brown dog earing a yellow hat while sitting on a persons lap.", "A dog wearing a bonet on her head", "A very cute dog wearing some type of silly hat"]
["A man with a brown bag and blue jacket stands by a train that is moving.", "A man in blue jacket standing by a passing train.", "Man standing on platform as train speeds by", "a man standing near a train with luggage", "a woman waiting on the platform for a train"]
["A dog wearing a hat and sitting in the grass.", "A sweet dog is wearing a white hat.", "A small yellow dog wearing a white hat.", "A dog is sitting in the grass, wearing a hat. ", "A dog with a white hat at the field"]
["A parked silver subway train next to a platform.", "A train is next to a covered waiting area.", "A silver train is sitting by a train platform.", "A silver train car at a station platform.", "We are looking over the fence at the train."]
["a street sign on a road near a building", "The car is driving down a slight curve on the road.", "A street with various signage and buildings around.", "A car that is sitting on the side of the street.", "A street with a car coming down hill by an older brick building."]
["A bird flying over a field with lots of grass.", "a bird flying by above some grass ", "A gray bird flying through a grassy field. ", "The bird is an owl flying low above the grass. ", "The flying white bird has black wing tips."]
["A bird is standing in what seems to be an apple tree. ", "a bird sitting on a branch in a tree near a fruit", "there is  bird standing in a tree on top of a fruit", "A bird with a red top on its head next to an orange in a tree.", "A bird sitting in a tree next to a citrus fruit."]
["Several birds with black and yellow feathers sitting on some branches.", "A few birds sitting on a tree with no leaves and the sky in the background. ", "A group of four birds sitting on the tree branches.", "Four birds are perched in leafless tree branches.", "Four birds sitting in tree branches with no leaves."]
["THERE ARE ANIMALS THAT ARE GRASSING IN THE FIELD ", "A group of sheep in a fenced in area. ", "very many woolly sheep in a field which is dry", "A big herd of animals grazing in a big field.", "Several animals walking and grazing on a farm. "]
["A couple of birds standing in the water.", "A bird eating a fish in the water next to another bird.", "A bird standing next to another bird with a fish in its mouth.", "A long-legged shorebird walking next to a seagull that is swallowing a fish.", "Two birds standing on an floating on a body of water."]
["some black and white sheep a fence dirt and grass", "Sheep that have been sheared standing in a pen.", "Several grey sheep on a dry grassy field.", "a goat in a fied hangs out with other goats", "The animals look very skinny and unhealthy as they walk around."]
["A heard of sheep together in a wheat field. ", "a herd of goats in a secluded field ", "A herd of sheep blending in wiht the grass", "Herd of sheep standing in field of tall grasses.", "A group of lambs that are standing in the grass."]
["A lot of birds flying around on a beach.", "Some birds fly over a body of water.", "Birds flying in a flock over a beach", "Lots of seagulls flying and cranes standing on the lakeside.", "Flocks of seagulls are at the seashore with flamingos standing in the shallow water."]
["A railroad crossing sign is near some buildings and cars.", "Rail road sign on a pole in the city in front of some vehicles.", "A railroad sign is prominently shown in front of parked cars.", "A yellow railroad crossing sign in a black and white city sidewalk scene.", "there is a rail road crossing at the corner of this street"]
["A train crossing a street near train crossing lights.", "A train on the tracks at a railroad crossing.", "A train is driving on the train tracks. ", "A black and white photo of a railroad train driving down the track", "Black and white train stopped at a crossing"]
["A few llamas in a fence with fog over them.", "some animals are standing out in the water", "A herd of animals grazing on top of a dry grass field.", "Cows standing in a fenced field on a misty day.", "A field of sheep with trees in background and a ground fog."]
["An old black and white photo of two men in suits.", "Two men are pictured wearing suits in this historical photo.", "A black and white photo of two  young gentlemen next to each other .", "A man standing leaning on a man sitting", "An old black and white photo of two men next to eachother."]
["A scary man wears a hat made out of bananas.", "A man with a white-painted face and a bananas on his head. ", "A man wearing a bushel of bananas on his head.", "A man with his face painted white has bunches of bananas on his head. ", "A man watches another man that has numerous bananas on his head."]
["A load of trash or work supplies in a dumpster outside.", "A utility truck on a street next to a building.", "An overhead view show the contents of a trash dumpster.", "A cow stands in the back of a large truck.", "A cow sits in a truck with hay barrels in it ."]
["A small calf is in a pen with bails of hay.", "A truck with an animal, hay, and other containers in the back.", "An old metal box with rolls of twine", "A cow in the back of a large truck.", "A truck with some random things in the back"]
["A yellow bird sitting on top of a tree on a branch.", "a bird resting on a small leafy branch", "A green bird perched on top of a tree.", "A very cute small bird perched on a branch.", "A small bird perched on some thin branches."]
["a car is headed down a street in an asain country", "A woman driving a white car in a Chinese street", "A black and white photo where there are chinese characters on the street.", "A white compact car traveling down a small road.", "Street signs featuring a type of Asian script."]
["A toucan perches behind a the bars of a cage.", "a big bird with a huge beak looks out of its cage", "A black and yellow bird with a huge colorful beak in a cage.", "A large colorful bird standing behind a wire fence.", "A toucan with a brightly colored beak in a cage."]
["Short rain as view from above either from over view mountain or air craft.", "A railroad train sitting on a side track in the mountains.", "a train is driving through the green lusty country side", "An aerial view of a train as it glides across the tracks next to a grassy green mountain.", "A train on tracks beneath a green hillside."]
["A bird is flying over some rocky water.", "A bird flies over an island area of a river.", "A bird flies over the water near an island.", "Seagull flying over a water way with an island in the middle.", "A seagull flies over a grassy and rocky beach. "]
["A bird that is sitting on top of a bird feeder.", "A bird sitting on top of a metal hook that has a bird feeder on it.", "a yellow black and white bird and a bird feeder ", "A yellow and black bird looking down at a feeder.", "A small yellow bird sits atop a hanging water supply."]
["A group of people on a city street.", "a bunch of people walking around in a city", "A crowd of people walk down Beale Street.", "A city street with barricades at the end of it.", "A blocked-off urban city block with pedestrians walking down sidewalks on either side."]
["Black birds on a wood fence near the ocean.", "Birds perched on the posts of a wooden fence near the ocean.", "A couple of small birds sitting on a fence.", "Two birds are sitting on the wooden posts of a bench.", "two small birds on a wooden hand rail"]
["The train on some railroad tracks next to a platform.", "A train tracks are shown in the sunlight.", "Looking down at the train sitting on the tracks", "A bunch of grates running along side the trackz.", "close up of a train track with a red train sitting on it"]
["a photo of a train heading down the tracks ", "A train is going to travel up hill on a street. ", "Cars are driving through a tunnel on a highway.", "A train traveling down tracks next to a highway.", "A car that is sitting in the street."]
["A boat that is sitting in the water.", "A large piece of equipment on a railroad.", "A silver caboose of a train on a train track. ", "A large machine with observation decks parked in a lot. ", "The industrial boat looks somewhat like a boat."]
["An otherwise charming old section of town is nonetheless assaulted by a massive billboard attached to the side of a building. ", "A view down a street in the city", "A tall sign advertising a movie on the side of a building.", "a tall building with a big billboard on the side of it ", "People crossing a metro city street with a large advertisement in the background."]
["A train traveling down train tracks past some houses.", "A red train is coming down the tracks in a rural setting.", "A red and black train going on the tracks. ", "A train coming down the tracks near some houses.", "A train rounds the corner as it comes down the railroad tracks."]
["red and yellow train on a train track", "Red train on its tracks in a green field.", "An old red train engine pulling cars behind it", "A red train is coming down the tracks", "a red train engine going down a track next to some trees "]
["Dull red train, 54,  between grass and trees.", "a red train engine and its driver ", "A train moves slowly on some empty tracks", "A red training riding by some trees and grass.", "a red train on a train track sitting next to a field"]
["A red train leaving a train station with man watching.", "a train sits parked as a man takes a picture ", "A man standing along the tracks with a red train leaving.", "VIEW OF A RED TRAIN GOING AWAY FROM YOU ", "A red train traveling down train tracks next to another train."]
["A train inside a station moving at a regular speed.", "A subway station with people and an incoming subway.", "A subway train pulling into the train station.", "Train stopped on the side of the train way.", "A train moving through a station with people in the background."]
["These two trains are workhorses necessary to care for other trains.", "Two train engines connected and on the tracks in a small town.", "A train on the rail line with some buildings at the back", "A  yellow railroad train traveling down the tracks", "a train that is on some kind of train track"]
["A stop sign and street sign encased in snow and ice.", "A couple of street signs sticking out the side of a ski slope.", "A stop sign and street sign encased in a wall of snow.", "A stop sign is buried in a large pile of snow.", "A large pile of snow with a stop sign and a street sign poking out."]
["A red train parked in front of a loading platform next to passengers.", "A red train is parked at a train station", "A cargo train cart in a  train station. ", "Classic old train engine on display at a train platform.", "A red train riding down a track in the middle of a station."]
["A red and yellow train pulling into a train station.", "A red commuter train with doors open at the station", "there is a red train pulling into the station", "A train is stopped at a train station platform.", "Red/yellow train with people standing nearby waiting to board."]
["Red train at a stop and a man that is waiting. ", "A man standing next to a train and phone booth.", "A man standing in front of a red train.", "Man in hat standing near a bright red vehicle.", "A man stands beside a yellow phone and red car."]
["A stop sign that has some graffiti on it.", "Punk graffiti is spray painted on a stop sign.", "A stop sign that has some tagging on it.", "A stop sign is shown on the side of a corner.", "A stop sigm at an intersection with some graffitti on it."]
["Garbage can on sidewalk with humorous caricature with sign.", "A sign with a beaver holding a stop sign, next to a trash can in a park.", "A stop sign with a beaver saying do not pick the blossoms by a trash can.", "a white trash can grass and an animal stop sign", "A warning sign by a trash can at a park reads warns people to not pick the blossoms."]
["A parking meter next to a parked car.", "a parking meter sits next to a parked car", "The front of a car is touching the parking meter.  ", "a gray double parking meter and a black car", "A parking meter with a truck parked very close."]
["A parking meter that still has fifteen minutes on it.", "there is a meter by a car on the side of a road.", "A parking meter sitting on the side of a sidewalk.", "The parking meter has fifteen minutes let on it.", "A parking meter with a blue sticker is on the sidewalk.", "a close up of a parking meter on a city street"]
["A multi colored parking meter sitting in front of a stairway.", "A multicolored parking meter on sidewalk next to stairs.", "A rainbow colored parking meter stands on a curb.", "A rainbow painted parking meter outside of a building.", "there are two rainbow painted parking meters on the street"]
["a truck on a city street with many houses in the background", "A vehicle drives along the road in front of houses.", "A truck drives down a street with lots of houses on a hill behind it.", "A truck driving on a road past houses.", "A loaded truck on the road near a residential area."]
["A brown cow standing on top of a gravel beach next to the ocean.", "A cow/bull is trying to graze on a rocky beach.", "The lone adult cow walks on rocks near the beach.", "A cow looks for food on a rocky beach.", "A cow on the beach is something you don't see often."]
["Yellow utility truck parked inside a warehouse by itself. ", "A truck equipped with a crane sitting in a garage.", "A cherry picker sits parked inside the garage", "A Yellow utility truck is parked in the garage.", "A UTILITY TRUCK SITTING IN A WAREHOUSE WITH CONES ON THE FRONT OF IT"]
["The cat with a damaged eye sits on a pair of shoes.", "A cat lying next to a black shoe.", "a cat in brown and white lying near a shoe", "A small cat laying on top of a black shoe.", "a cat laying next to a shoe on the ground"]
["a cat sits on the ground with a scarf around its neck ", "a black cat is wearing a red scarf", "A black-and-white tuxedo cat, sitting on a clear plastic bag, wears a sheer red bandana.", "A black and white cat with a red scarf around its neck.", "black and white cat wearing a red scarf"]
["Cows are walking down a street near houses.", "Several cattle out in the open on a city street.", "Cows walking on a street behind some homes.", "Some cows are standing in the middle of the street.", "A few cows walking up a steep hill."]
["Three skinny white cows are walking down the street.", "Three white animals are walking down a city street.", "3 animals wander down a road in a city.", "Some white cattle roaming down the street of a town. ", "Three animals walking down the a busy street."]
["A cow walking across a river near lush green grass.", "The cow is crossing the creek to get to the other side.", "A cow crosses a stream while sun rays shine down on the water.", "A brown and white cow standing in water next to grassy field.", "A large cow in the water with the fading sun shining on it."]
["A group of cows looking at camera by trees.", "Several cows with tagged ears standing in a grassy field.", "A herd of cow standing around a field.", "A herd of cows gathered close together in a field.", "a close up of a cow near other cows "]
["A cat is jumping off of a stack of suitcases.", "a yellow cat on top of stacked suit cases about to jump off", "a cat standing on red colored travel luggage ", "A cat is playing on top of two suitcases. ", "Orange cat walking across two red suitcases stacked on floor."]
["A glass and bottle of wine next to cat statue and window.", "A bottle and half a glass of red wine", "A bottle of wine and red wine in a goblet near a cat statute.", "A bottle of wine and a glass of wine.", "A bottle of wine set next to a glass of wine."]
["A group of cows grazing near a beach as one cow looks up.", "A group of cows grazing in a sandy field.", "Some cattle are standing in a field near the snow", "A heard of black and white cows roaming a large field.", "A herd of cow grazing in a grassy field"]
["A cat with its paw over its face lying next to a remote and a banana.", "The cat is sleeping on the sofa by the remote control.", "a cat laying on the couch next to a remote and a pillow ", "A cat laying on top of a couch near a jacket.", "A cat sleeps on a couch by a book, a banana, and a shirt."]
["An old blue truck drives down a dirt road.", "a old truck going down the road next to a an  wooden house", "An old pickup truck and buildings on a dirt road.", "A old truck is seen going down a gravel road next to a wooden house.", "A vintage truck on the gravel drive outside a log home."]
["A man and women rest as there dog stands on the trail.", "A group of people sitting on a trail side with a dog looking onward.", "A couple of people are in the woods with a dog.", "Two people sit next to a dog on a trail. ", "Two hikers sit down and take a break with their dog."]
["a cow standing on a dirt ground with trees in the background", "A cow stands in a yard at the edge of some woods", "A bull standing a field near a couple of trailers.", "A cow standing in a field, looking at the camera.", "a cow stares as it stands in a muddy area "]
["there is a cat sitting on a wooden chair", "A cat is sitting on the wooden chair. ", "A small cat sitting down on a chair.", "A cat is sitting on a chair looking up.", "A black cat playing on top of a wooden chair."]
["A herd of cattle standing on top of a grass covered field.", "A group of cows standing around in an open field.", "seven brown and white cows in a fenced in area", "a couple of cows are standing in a fenced area", "A large bull with a protective look as its near its calf's."]
["The cows are standing on the hay in a meadow. ", "a brown cow standing next some other cows ", "There are a few cows standing in a field.", "A cow that is close by is looking at the camera man. ", "A couple of  reddish brownish cows on a grassy pasture."]
["A white and red truck with chrome rims parked next to a building.", "There is a red and white classic pick up truck parked on the street.", "a classic red and white pickup truck parked on the street", "An antique red and white pickup truck. ", "A nice old white with red design truck parked."]
["A cat sleeping on top of a pillow on a bed.", "A furry cat naps on a white, plush surface. ", "The cat is sleeping on a white blanket.", "a close up of a cat laying on a bed ", "A black and white cat sleeping on a white blanket."]
["A close up shot of a cat laying down. ", "A cat is laying down on a blanket.", "Closeup of a green-eyed tuxedo cat lying on a white cloth.", "a black and white cat lying down with his eyes open", "a black gray and white cat lying down "]
["A gray cat sleeping on top of a bed.", "A gray and white cat is snuggled and sleeping.", "a close up of a cat laying down ", "A curled up cat naps in the sun.", "The cat sleeps peacefully on a comfy pillow."]
["Cat sitting on wood framed mirror looking down at own reflection.", "A gold and white cat looking at their reflection in a mirror.", "A cat sitting down and looking at itself in the mirror.", "A curious cat staring at himself in the mirror.", "The cats looks at it's reflection while sitting on a mirror. "]
["a black and gray spotted cat is sitting on a windows sill", "A cat on the window looking outside next to the balcony", "Tiger kitten sitting by French window looking out over sunny balcony. ", "A kitten sitting in a window sill near a wooden deck.", "A kitten in bathing in the sun while looking out at the deck. "]
["a cat on a window sill with a bag ", "A cat is up in a blue windowsill playing with a package that is sitting there.", "a cat sitting by a window of a bright blue wall ", "A white and black kitten sitting in a blue and red window. ", "A black and white cat outside of a red and blue window."]
["A cat lying under a laptop and beside another computer. ", "there is a computer and a lap top on a desk and a cat sitting behind it", "a desk with a laptop a monitor and a mouse", "A cat that is sitting by two computers.", "a gray black and white cat a monitor and a laptop and keyboard"]
["A laptop computer sitting on top of a desk near a monitor.", "a gray black and orange cat a keyboard and a laptop", "The cat is walking on the desk in front of the computer.", "The cat is on the desk by the two computers.", "A cat walking on a desk with computer equipment on it."]
["A brown cow standing on the side of a road.", "A cow eating grass inches from a paved road.", "A cow is stretching its neck along a roadway grazing.", "A cow eating grass on the side of the road.", "A brown and white heifer grazes by the roadside. "]
["A red fire truck with a bunch of Christmas decorations on back of it.", "Fire truck full of Christmas decorations in a night time holiday parade.", "A fire truck decorated in a Christmas display featuring santa and children on top.", "there is a fire truck with christmas decorations on the top", "A fire engine truck on the road with kids and teddy bears"]
["Two young ladies petting a young calf on a farm", "Two adorable little girls playing with a baby cow.", "Two little girls gather around a small goat and pet it.", "Two little girls curious about a small cow, in a barnyard.", "Two girls standing next to a black and white animal."]
["A multi colored cat standing over a white laptop.", "A cat standing on a desk looking at a laptop.", "A cat standing near an open laptop on a desk", "A cat looking at a computer monitor on a table", "Cat standing on papers looking at a laptop computer."]
["An orange tabby cat that appears to be reading a computer screen or watching the mouse..", "A cat looking at a computer screen with a lamp behind.", "a cat looking at a computer monitor with a light on behind the monitor", "A cat is in front of a computer looking at the screen as if browsing.", "A disapproving orange cat looking at an open laptop's screen."]
["a group of cows grazing in a green grass wire fenced pasture.", "a herd of cattle grazing a big field ", "A landscape featuring rolling hills and grazing cattle", "A vast mass of land with an unidentifiable group of animals grazing", "A grassy field with a bunch of cows around."]
["A white cat sitting on top of a laptop computer.", "A white cat is sitting on a laptop keyboard.", "a white cat is sitting on a laptops keyboard", "A white cat is sitting on top of a laptop computer.", "The cat is sitting on the laptop keyboard."]
["One light brown cow with hay in it's mouth.", "A cow that is standing in the grass.", "Cow tethered with chain eating hay in outdoor field.", "A brown cow standing on top of a grass covered field.", "A cow tied to a rope is eating hay"]
["A cat sitting next to  a wii controller, upside down.", "A cat laying on its back next to a Nintendo Wii controller.", "The cat looks like he's played more than enough Nintendo Wii for now.", "a cat lying on its back with a remote nearby", "A cat leans his head on a Wii remote control."]
["Pug wearing tie as bearded man stares at camera", "A man that is sitting with a dog.", "a man holding a pug dog with green eyes", "The man is sitting in a chair holding a dog. ", "A man holding a bulldog wearing a tie."]
["a small boat in a large body of water", "A boat on water basin anchored at the shore", "a single little boat sitting beside a fence ", "A fishing troller boat docked next to a lighthouse.", "A yellow and black boat on water next to dock and lighthouse."]
["A black and white picture of a group of people.", "A black and white photograph of people at a party.", "a big group of people posing for a picture", "A group photo from the 1960's of teenagers in suits and dresses.", "A group of people are gathered for a photo."]
["An old picture back in the 60's or 70's of a group of men and woman.", "A black and white picture of a group of people.", "In an historical photo, young men and women socialize.", "a group of people crowded into a room", "A group of people in suits and dresses stand in a room with wallpaper."]
["a black and white photo of a person in a suit and a person in a dress", "The bride and groom stand in the isle between the pews. ", "A man and woman standing in a church during a wedding.", "A couple walking down the aisle at their wedding ceremony", "a man and woman are getting married "]
["a couple standing next to each other in wedding outfits ", "a man in a tie and his bride", "A picture of a couple who got married.", "A man in a suit and a woman in a wedding dress", "A man and a woman on their wedding day. "]
["A man and woman in wedding attire smile.", "A bride and groom smiling inside of a vehicle. ", "A couple of people sitting inside of a car.", "A man and women in wedding garb in a vehicle.", "A bride and a groom are cuddled in a car."]
["A brown and white cow in a green pasture.", "Longhorn steer in a grazing field with others.", "A cow with horns in the middle of a grassy area", "Three cows grazing in a field of green grass.", "The cows are grazing on the grass in the field. "]
["A brown and white dog wearing a neck tie.", "A brown and white dog wearing a tie on carpet.", "A dog wearing a tie poses for the camera. ", "A dog is sitting with a neck tie on.", "a close up of a dog wearing a tie"]
["A man in a suit stands in front of a bus", "A man standing in front of a bus on a country road.", "The man is standing in front of a bus.", "A man in a suit poses in front of a bus in a rural setting.", "A man standing in front of a tour bus in a rural area"]
["The bow of a ship on land with another on the edge of the water.", "The bottom of a rustic boat overlooks a brightly painted one.", "The wooden bow of a ship with an out of focus boat in the back ground. ", "Two boats on shore near an ocean. ", "A close up of a front of a boat with another in the background."]
["A man and woman cutting a cake together ", "A man and woman cutting a cake with a knife.", "A man and woman cutting their wedding cake ", "A young couple cut a cake together at a wedding reception in a dim room.", "A young newly married couple cut their wedding cake."]
["A man holding a camera up over his left shoulder.", "A man with a blazer holding a camera", "A man in a suit snaps a mirror selfie.", "a man in a suit taking a picture of himself with a large camera", "A man wearing a suit is taking a self portrait with a camera."]
["Two people sitting at a table having a conversation. ", "A man and a woman sitting at a table having dinner.", "A man sitting next to a woman at a table ", "A man and woman sitting at a table talking", "Bald man wearing suit and corsage talking to woman in red dress."]
["fruit and vegetables in a container with separate sections", "A container with three sections, each containing different fruits and vegetables.", "a close up of a plastic container with food", "A plastic container with compartment filled with food", "Box full of food with lots of vegetables and fruit."]
["A group of people sitting around a wooden bench with vegetables.", "Several people sitting on boats near baskets of fruit.", "A group of people on two wooden boats with food.", "a group of people on a boat with lots of fruit and vegetables", "there are many people on this small boat with fruits"]
["Some small boats are tied up by a wall.", "A black and white photo of small boats floating in a bay.", "a number of small boats in a body of water ", "Several rowboats are tethered to a high stone wall of a reservoir.", "a lot of little boats tied to something."]
["Several beached boats on the sand with orange balls hanging over the sides.", "A large number of boats that have been beached.", "The ships are all docked on the beach by the water.", "A group of boats on top of wet sand. ", "A group of boats in the sandy area of a beach."]
["A group of people walking on a rain soaked parking lot.", "a black and white picture of people walking in a street", "People walk near a street in the rain.", "People cross the street on a rainy day in the city.", "People are waiting to cross a street on a rainy day."]
["A light house on an island surrounded by sail boats.", "A sail boat travels close to a light house.", "Sailboat with red, white and blue sail crossing past a lighthouse.", "Light house on litmus taken from a distance, with sail boat near by. ", "Lighthouse on a point with sailboats near it"]
["The man is sticking his tongue out at the camera.", "A man in a suit and tie standing next to a woman sitting down.", "A man making a funny face with people surrounding him", "a man standing in a room with his hands sticking out", "A man sticks his tongue out to have his picture taken."]
["Painting of a ship in grass with lighthouse in background.", "a painting of a colorful boat lying in the grass near some trees with a lighthouse in the background", "An artist has drawn a depiction of a river on a log.", "A boat and lighthouse are in a wavy, stylized painting.", "A lighthouse is behind the old abandoned boat."]
["People are sitting at the beach surrounded by tiki umbrellas.", "many umbrellas on a beach near a body of water", "A lot of people that are at the beach.", "Many tikis and umbrellas with chairs set up on the sandy shore of a beach. ", "Many tropical shade coverings on a sandy beach."]
["Old man in a dress white shirt and black bow tie. ", "A man wearing a bow tie holding a basket.", "An elderly man with a white shirt and black bow tie stands near an open door.", "an old man with a white shirt and a black bow tie", "A man wearing a white shirt and a black bow tie standing in a room."]
["a couple of boats that are floating in some water", "People unloading a boat that is beached on the sand with other boats behind it.", "A woman with a basket on her head walking on a beach. ", "a number of small boats in a body of water ", "There are many people and boats on a beach and in the water."]
["A man and a woman standing next to each other in front of a crowd.", "A chinese couple celebrating their wedding with their guests.", "A large group of people toasting at a celebration", "A man and woman raise their glass for a toast.", "A young couple in formal evening attire toasts the crowd."]
["A man has some tape and a paper bag.", "an elderly man is selling wine at a store", "A man carefully wrapping a customers purchase in a wine shop", "A man in a shop that sells bottled liquid tapes up a paper bag ", "A man working in a liquor store pulls tape out to wrap a box. "]
["A just married couple in the back of a car.", "Recently married bride and groom in backseat of car. ", "A young couple in a car on their wedding day.", "Married couple sitting in their wedding clothing in the back of a car.", "A woman wearing a wedding gown holding flowers is in a car with a man in a suit and tie."]
["A children's playground slide made to look like an elephant", "This unique slide is made to look like an elephant.", "A slide designed to look like an elephants trunk.", "The slide is in the shape of an elephant with a long trunk.", "The imaginative elephant has a really long trunk slide."]
["A small metal motor boat on a lake.", "An empty rusted motorboat on a calm lake beside some mountains.", "A metal boat with an outboard motor at the edge of a mountain lake", "A motor boat floating on a lake near mountains with no passengers.", "A rusted metal boat with a large engine sitting on a lake."]
["A man sitting next to a woman while wearing a suit.", "Two people are posing for a photograph together", "A black and white photo of a couple.", "A black and white photo of a man and woman", "A man and a woman are posing for a photograph. "]
["A woman posing with her husband and two children.", "A black and white picture of a family with one girl looking off to the side.", "a family in a white and black portrait", "a vintage picture of a family portrait ", "A family of four dressed in sweaters and tweeds."]
["An old photo of a bride and groom in front of a stone building.", "A newly married couple standing in front of a door.", "An old picture shows a bride and groom.", "Antique black and white photograph of a couple on their wedding day", "Old photograph of newly wedded couple standing next to archway."]
["A group of four women walking down a street in the rain.", "several people hold umbrellas in a rain storm", "Two couples are walking down a wet sidewalk under umbrellas.", "Several people huddle under a couple of matching umbrellas.", "Two couples walking down the side walk in the rain, holding umbrellas."]
["An older gentleman in a white shirt and black bow tie.", "A man dressed in formal wear is smiling.", "An older man with a white shirt and bow tie is smiling.", "A man smiling wearing a white shirt and bow tie.", "An elderly man wearing a white button down shirt and a black bow tie smiling."]
["A man wearing glasses, dress shirt and a tie is smiling in content.", "A modern businessman smiles wearing glasses, business attire and a hat.", "A man wearing a white shirt, plaid tie, a grey hat and glasses smiling with his eyes closed.", "A smiling man wearing a shirt, tie, hat, and glasses.", "A man is dressed in a long collar shirt with tie and hat. "]
[" a large body of water with boats floating within it ", "A handful of boats in the water in front of a town", "Several boats in the water facing a castle.", "Boats in a harbor with large stone buildings in the background.", "A harbor filled with lots of small boats next to tall buildings."]
["A man standing next to a robot with a camera.", "A mean stands next to two figures of Star Wars characters.", "A man standing beside a robot with a camera around his kneck", "a man with a camera around his neck and two characters", "Three men at a costume party in a dark club."]
["The people are at tables on an outdoor patio.", "An outdoor patio in front of a large brick building.", "a patio full of people in front of a reddish building ", "An outside cafe setting with tables, chairs, umbrellas, and trees for shading. ", "A table and chairs with a umbrella near some people."]
["A bunch of elephants playing together in a field.", "four elephants in the brush next to tress", "There is an elephant that is lying in the grass", "Several elephants are caressing one another with their trunks.", "A large elephant walks behind two smaller elephants."]
["A boat filled with people floating down a canal.", "A boat full of tourists traveling down a man made channel.", "A group of people sit in a boat in the middle of a wide river.", "Several people on a boat traveling down a canal.", "A boat crowded with people moving down a canal."]
["There are Christmas decorations strung up over the street.", "A street filled with traffic and lined with umbrellas.", "THERE IS A DECROCATION OF DIFFERENT LIGTHS IN THE CITY", "A street is lined with lit cubes and umbrellas.", "A city street at night under electrical decorations and a threatening sky."]
["A man kissing a baby elephant on a dirt road.", "a person standing really close to an elephant", "A man in a bucket hat touching the trunk of an elephant.", "a person standing right next to an elephant whiile giving them a kiss ", "A man petting the head of an elephant."]
["A group of people sitting around out doors sharing a meal together.", "PICNIC GATHERING AT THE PARK, IN THE RAIN,SOME HOLDING UMBRELLAS", "An area with blankets and food containers laid out with people holding umbrellas sitting on the ground.", "A person taking a photo of a couple under an umbrella", "People in the park having a picnic with opened umbrellas"]
["A cat sitting on a bathroom counter behind a hair dryer.", "A cat getting his fur blow dried after getting a bath.", "The cat is seen twice because of a mirror.", "A cat snooping in a bag on a bathroom counter.", "A cat laying in front of a bathroom mirror."]
["Two elephants playing by the water hole. ", "An adult elephant in the water next to a baby elephant.", "the big elephant is playing with the little elephant", "An adult elephant attending to a child elephant near some water.", "An adult elephant and a baby elephant by a lake."]
["A large elephant standing next to a small elephant.", "An adult and baby elephant walking beside each other.", "Adult elephant with young walking in grassy area.", "And elephant walks with its baby elephant. ", "A big and a small elephant out in the sun "]
["an elephant and a rhino dirt water trees and bushes", "A rhinoceros and an elephant are standing on separate sides if the river.", "A rhino standing next to a river on a sandy shore.", "An elephant is standing in a shallow river.", "A narrow body of water that is bordered with low-lying vegetation and dirt  has an elephant standing in it, while a rhino rests just at the edge of the water. "]
["A man wearing a backpack waits for a train.", "A man is standing next to the train at the station. ", "A man stands on a platform with a train pulling up.", "A man with a backpack is waiting for the train.", "A man is standing by a trolley station as one approaches."]
["Yellow shoes sitting next to a suitcase with red lining. ", "A pair of yellow shoes sitting next to a piece of luggage.", "A pair of yellow high heeled shoes beside a black and red suitcase.", "A pair of yellow high heels sits in front of an open suitcase.", "A pair of bright yellow shoes are by a suitcase."]
["Three boats travel around a calm, clear harbor.", "Boats traveling across a crystal clean lagoon wit white birds..", "this is an image of a pelican sitting on the beach", "A gull on a rocky ledge overlooks three boats on a very blue waterway. ", "The sea gull is standing on the shore line."]
["two elephants in a pen being observed by people ", "Two elephants standing in the grass near a tree.", "Two elephants are being observed by people in a zoo.", "Two elephants standing on a green field with rocks and fence separating the people in the background.", "a couple of elephants are in a pin"]
["Two people sitting in a room with luggage", "Two women sitting in chairs in hotel lobby.", "Two people sitting in chairs with luggage between them.", "Two women in winter coats and hats sit in chairs near suitcases.", "A couple of people sitting in chairs next to a Christmas tree."]
["Two gray elephants basking in the sunlight and grazing around.", "Two small elephants together in front of green leaf bushes and a rock wall.", "There are two elephants standing side by side.", "There are two elephants standing together on the dirt", "Two elephants snuggling together on a muddy bank."]
["A woman walking down a street pulling a piece of luggage behind her.", "The woman walks with a rolling backpack though the alleyway.", "Black and white photograph of pedestrians in an alley", "a woman walking down the road while pulling a backpack behind her ", "A woman with a Pullman bag walks along a cobbled street."]
["A woman dragging a suitcase on wheels down a cobble stone sidewalk.", "A woman with a suitcase on the pavement", "A woman in a stripped dressing is pulling luggage. ", "A woman is walking on a sidewalk, pulling a suitcase.", "a woman walking down the sidewalk with a blue umbrella "]
["A bag of luggage filled with lots of different balls.", "brown and blue suitcase full of tennis balls", "a variety of balls in a suitcase resting on the ground ", "A suitcase that is open with balls inside.", "A suitcase full of different types of balls."]
["A dog standing in a kitchen with a toy. ", "A small dog looking on past a stuffed animal bear.", "A dog who is next to his stuffed toy seems very concerned by whatever is in the background.", "a bull dog standing beside a teddy bear looking all sad", "An adorable pug dog standing next to a teddy bear."]
["Oddly dressed people standing by each other posing towards camera.", "An emo hipster with large breast, holding open her leather jacket.", "Two people dressing black stand in a field", "Two people dressed in black, one with a green mask.", "a man in a mask is holding an umbrella"]
["The elephant stands in the dirt and extends its snout over the fence.", "A large grey elephant standing in a field next to a  wooden fence.", "An elephant tied up in a city park.", "An elephant reaching its trunk over the fence", "An elephant at the zoo reaches across the fence"]
["Three elephants walking in their designated area in a zoo.", "some elephants in their pen and some trees", "a number of elephants on a dirt ground near trees ", "three elephants next to each other on a dirt surface next to a stone ledge", "Three elephants walking in sand in their enclosure at a zoo."]
["A woman is sitting on a cinder block next to a trailer. ", "A woman in white shirt and shorts sitting behind a mobile home.", "an old photo of a person sitting outside of a trailer", "a woman sitting on a suitcase at the end of a motor home ", "A woman is sitting on a suitcase by a trailer."]
["The tailgate of a car open and two suitcases inside.", "A couple of pieces of brown luggage sitting in a backseat.", "Two suitcases in the back of a vehicle.", "A car trunk with two pieces of luggage in it.", "A green car with vintage luggage in the back of it."]
["a couple of elephants are standing in a pin", "Adult elephant with young standing near fence in large enclosure.", "An adult elephant and a baby elephant are standing next to each other, looking through a fence.  ", "The baby elephant stays close to her mother within the enclosure.", "A large elephant standing next to a baby elephant."]
["Two pug dogs and a sandal show on a couch", "Two dogs on couch playing with shoe in artificial light", "Two pugs lay on the couch with a shoe, one is looking at the camera.", "two small dogs with a shoe on a couch", "A small pug sitting on top of a couch next to a black dog."]
["There is a person petting a very large elephant", "A person touching an elephant in front of a wall.", "A man in white shirt petting the cheek of an elephant.", "A tall elephant standing next to a man next to other elephants.", "A zoo keeper tending to an elephant's mouth"]
["A small white dog on a leash wears a colorful bandana.", "A small dog wearing a bandana on a metal leash.", "A little white dog on a chain is wearing a colorful outfit.", "a small dog wearing a colorful scarf going for a walk ", "A dog is walking while wearing brightly colored clothing."]
["A white Cairn terrier pants in the sun whilst dressed in a neon yellow outfit.  ", "a little white dog wearing a bright yellow vest", "A West Highland White Terrier dressed in a neon yellow vest pants in the sunshine. ", "There is no image here to provide a caption for.", "A dog sanding on top of a pavement while wearing a safety jacket."]
["THERE IS A DUMM IN THE SUIT CASE ", "a rubber dummy stuffed in an open suitcase", "REAL TO LIFE DUMMY STUFFED INTO A SUITCASE", "A dummy that has been folded and put in  a suitcase", "There is a doll folded up inside of the suitcase ."]
["Two dogs are playing on the beach catching a Frisbee. ", "Of two dogs, only one may be the victor.", "A dog catching a frisbee by another dog on a beach.", "Dog jumping up in the air to catch a Frisbee in the summer time.", "A dog jumping up into the air to catch a frisbee."]
["two dogs sharing a frisby in their mouth in the snow", "two dogs on the snow playing frisbee together", "A couple of dogs fighting over a frisbee.", "Two dogs fighting over a Frisbee in the snow.", "there are two dogs trying to get the frisbee"]
["A brown dog holding a yellow frisbee in it's mouth.", "Two dogs playing with a yellow frisbee in the snow.", "Two dogs in mid air playing with a toy.", "There is no image here to provide a caption for.", "Two dogs playing with a frisbee in the snow."]
["A dog carrying a ball in his mouth on the sand.", "A black dog carrying a red frisbee in a field.", "A black dog walking with a frisbee in his mouth.", "A big black dog carrying a frisbee in its mouth.", "there is a black dog on the beach with a frisbee"]
["A crowd of people standing in front of a window.", "People in a building near a wooden platform.  ", "a group of people standing near a small pool", "A group of people standing around a large indoor pool.", "Indoor court of wood as a pen for people to view"]
["A panting dog sitting down in the shade with a Frisbee", "A brown dog laying in the grass with a yellow frisbee.", "A red dog laying in a shady spot with his frisbee.", "a dog lays on some grass with a frisbe in its paws ", "A dog relaxes on the green grass as he holds a yellow frisbee."]
["a person has a bag on wheels in a room", "A person pulling a piece of wheeled luggage by its handle.", "A person holding a rolling suit case in an airport.", "A person that is standing next to a suitcase.", "A person pulling a bag on the ground."]
["THERE ARE PEOPLE THAT ARE ON THE SKIS WITH HIS DOG", "Two people who are posed beside dogs while snow skiing.", "A couple on their skis at a ski slope with their two dogs. ", "A couple and their two dogs are having a ski day.  ", "Some people are holding their dogs and posing for a picture. "]
["A large brown dog walking in front of a woman holding two ski poles.", "A woman skiing with a dog running through the snow", "Dog running through the snow in front of a skier. ", "A woman cross country skiing with her dog.", "Golden dog walking in snow with a person cross country skiing in the background."]
["a person riding skis on a snowy slope", "A person is out in the snow with two dogs.", "Person on a hill with snow and pines tree and two yellow labs.", "A person in the snow with two dogs on leashes.", "A woman in on a snowy hill with two dogs."]
["A woman holding a pink umbrella over her left shoulder.", "A woman is holding an open red umbrella over her head.", "A girl is standing outside on a rainy day with an umbrella.", "A girl has a pink umbrella while looking out into the distance.", "A little girl with a pink umbrella over her head and shoulder."]
["A couple of women standing underneath umbrellas next to each other.", "Two women who are standing underneath white umbrellas.", "two people using clear umbrellas that have fringe on them", "Two woman standing around holding umbrellas with white lace on them", "some people sanding under some clear umbrellas "]
["LOTS OF BACKPACKS AND HATS LINED UP ALONG A WALKWAY", "A group of back packs on a bridge walkway over a stream.", "Luggage and backpacks sitting on a wooden walkway to a beach.", "Suitcases, duffle bags, and backpacks are sitting along a wooden walkway.", "Backpacks line a boardwalk to a beach surrounded by trees."]
["A white teddy bear sitting in a chair.", "A stuffed teddy bear has been placed in a chair.", "The white teddy bear sits atop a leather upholstered chair.", "A NICE STUFF BEAR WITH A TAG ON IT", "a little white teddy bear sitting in a chair "]
["A woman sits holding an umbrella near the group of women.", "A woman holding a umbrella in her hand.", "A woman standing in a group under an umbrella.", "a shot from behind a woman holding a pink umbrella.", "Two ladies sitting under a pink umbrella near other people."]
["A girl sits in bed looking at her laptop", "a woman sits on a bed while using a laptop", "The girl is on her laptop in her bed.", "A person that is sitting on a bed and looking at a laptop. ", "A girl using a computer sits on her bed."]
["A dog resting his head on the edge of the pool next to an apple.", "A large brown dog resting it's head on the side of a blue swimming pool.", "A dog has it's face on a small blue pool.", "Dog with muzzle laying on lip of backyard, above ground pool.", "A dog with it's eyes closed, resting it's head on the side of a pool of water."]
["A person laying on top of a luggage carousel.", "It is as good a place to nap as other areas of the airport.", "A person is lying on the luggage claim conveyor belt. ", "man lying on back on stainless steal plateform", "A man reclines on a conveyer belt at a baggage claim."]
["A statue of a bear sitting in the middle of a sidewalk.", "A statue of a bear standing on rocks on a city corner.", "A bear statue sits on a sidewalk near a park.", "The bear statue had snow and ice on the base.", "Snow surrounds a standing bear statue on a sidewalk", "Snow surrounds a standing bear statue on a sidewalk"]
["Darth Vader holding a plastic light saber in an airport while a kid stands in the background with a real lightsaber.", "A picture shows Darth Vader waiting at a luggage carousel.", "Darth Vader stands waiting for his luggage in a terminal.", "Darth Vadar waving his lightsaber while standing at the baggage claim. ", "A person dressed in a Darth Vader outfit who had their light saber stolen."]
["there is a small dog sitting on the floor playing with a toy", "A dog that is lying down on a blanket.", "The dog has a toy cake as it lies on the couch.", "Dog on pad holding a slice of cake.", "A Papillon lies on a blanket with a toy shaped like a piece of cake."]
["a bear in a shallow body of water near grass", "A grizzly bear is walking in a stream of water.", "A brown bear walking in a small calm creek", "A brown bear walking around in the river.", "a brown bear standing in the water and looking at something "]
["A very cute brown dog with a disc in its mouth.", "A dog running in the grass with a frisbee in his mouth. ", "A dog carrying a Frisbee in its mouth running on a grass lawn. ", "A dog in a grassy field carrying a frisbee.", "A brown dog walking across a green field with a frisbee in it's mouth."]
["A horse standing next to a man in a hat. ", "A man doing work in the ground with a horse in the back", "A man is in front of a horse and is installing something in the ground. ", "A man in front of a horse working on its hoof.", "The man is using a tool in the ground as a horse stands behind him."]
["Several brown bears standing in the snow next to a green cage.", "A group of bears roaming around an enclosed area.", "many bears in captivity with a fake tree", "Ten brown bears in a zoo on a snowy day.", "Group of brown bears in a zoo habitat"]
["There is a bear sitting next to a bird.", "A bear and a bird sitting side by side.", "A brown bear sits on the rocks on a sunny day.", "A bear sits in his enclosure next to a bird.", "A bear standing on the ground nest to a fence."]
["A man and a child standing on a tennis court.", "A man and child playing catch over the net in a tennis court.", "A man playing catch with a young child on a tennis court.", "A man and a young boy playing on a tennis court.", "A man and boy playing catch on a tennis court."]
["Dog on leash sitting with cushions while a person is calming him.", "A dog on a leash sitting on a sofa next to a person.", "A close up of a white dog with a blue leash.", "a white dog sitting in a chair with a blue leash", "A white dog on a blue leash sitting on a pillow."]
["A large brown bear laying down inside of a cave.", "A bear lying in its den on a pile of wood.", "a bear laying down on a few branches on the ground", "A Brown bear laying on some tree branches", "A bear lazily rests on a log in its enclosure."]
["A black bear walking across a leaf covered park.", "A young black bear runs out of the forest.", "A bear is walking around on some grass. ", "a black bear some large rocks and trees", "A black bear walks on grass near rocks."]
["A yellow lab curled up in its dog bed.", "A large white dog laying in a doggy bed.", "A white dog on a dog bed on a wooden floor.", "A white dog laying in a doggy bed.", "a large dog in a dog bed looking at the camera"]
["a dog with spots on a bed and a stuffed animal", "A small, cute dog on a bed with a dog toy.", "A dog sits on a bed with a toy.", "A dog that is sitting on a bed.", "A dog with a stuffed animal sitting on a bed."]
["A small dog laying down in a pet bed.", "A white dog with a black patch eye sitting in a dog bed.", "A white and black dog sleeping in a dog bed.", "A picture of a dog in a dog bed. ", "A black and white dog is laying in a pet bed."]
["A BEAR CUB IS PLAYING WITH A LOG IN THE WATER", "Here is an image of an outdoor place. \n", "A bear that is standing in the water on a log.", "a bear standing near a log in the water ", "A brown bear walking out of a lake on top of a log."]
["some zebra chillin in the wild with a bird flying over", "A heard of zebra on the plains at a watering hole.", "A group of zebras and birds are gathered around water.", "There is a herd of zebras standing around.", "There are several zebras grazing near the water as a bird flies over them."]
["a small white dog is standing up against a table", "A pug standing with his front paws on the edge of a table.", "A large brown pug down reaching up on a table.", "The dog stands on it's hind legs to look onto the table. ", "a chinese pug dog standing up on hind legs to peer over table"]
["Many families are sitting down with their dogs. ", "Some little children having a fun time petting and playing with some dogs.", "A room of children and adults petting dogs.", "The service dogs are visiting with the children as adults watch.", "A group session of children reading books to their dogs."]
["A little girl holding a red frisbee standing on a lush green field.", "A little girl in the grass wearing sunglasses holding a frisbee.", "A young girl is holding a Frisbee in the grass", "Young girl in sunglasses standing in a lawn, holding a frisbee ", "A girl in blue shit and shorts holding a frisbee in grassy area."]
["A herd of zebra standing next to two giraffe on a lush green field.", "Six zebras, two giraffes and two other animals standing and sitting in the grass.", "Zebras, giraffes and boars stand in a grassy field.", "A family of zebras and a giraffe in a grass field.", "a few zebras and two giraffes in a field together"]
["Three zebras and other wild animals out in a semi-green field.", "Three zebras and two other animals grazing. ", "Wildlife standing near water area in natural setting.", "Three zebras near the shore line of a body of water.", "A group of animals stand next to a watering hole."]
["A young man jumping over a group of other young people to catch a frisbee.", "A man jumping over a group of people to catch a frisbee", "A man jumping over people to catch a frisbee", "A man reaching for a Frisbee while jumping over a group of people lying down", "Man leaping over a group of people reaching for a white frisbee. "]
["A man leaping over three people while catching a white frisbee.", "A man leaping over people in the sand to catch a frisbee", "A man flies over three people on the ground as he catches a Frisbee on the beach.", "One man holding a frisbee and jumping over three other men on a beach", "A man in a yellow shirt jumping over three people."]
["There are two zebras grazing side by side.", "Two zebras walking and grazing on a dry, grassy plain.", "A couple of zebra standing on a dry grass covered field.", "Two zebras on a plain of dry grasses.", "Two zebra walk through a dry grassy field."]
["a group of people standing next to a building with a large dog", "A man walking a big dog in a mall", "A group of people on a sidewalk with a dog.", "A man holding the leash of a large dog in a plaza.", "A man standing in front of a store with a dog."]
["A child with a purple frisbee near large rocks.", "Person crouched down in front of rocks and picnic tables.", "a boy in a park passing a frisbee between his legs", "a person doing tricks with a frisbee near rocks", "A person bends down with a Frisbee in an area with large rocks and picnic tables."]
["A man on the side of the road holding a frisbee.", "A man standing on a  park holding a white frisbee.", "A man with a ball of some sort.", "Man catching a frisbee while outside his home", "A man leans forward to catch a frisbee."]
["A corgi dog running on a lawn to catch a Frisbee", "A dog looking up and running to catch a frisbee.", "a dog running after a freesby in the grass", "A dog keeps his eye on a frisbee in the park.", "A dog getting ready to catch the Frisbee in the air."]
["There's a field of brown grass with zebras in it", "A group of zebras relax and play together in a large field", "A herd of zebras stand on a pathway near brown grass.", "A herd of zebras standing together in the field", "A group of zebras are on some grass with trees and bushes behind them."]
["A large painting of zebras and hogs standing next to deer.", "A painting of a various types of animals including zebra, in an outdoor setting.", "A painting shows Zebras, Antelopes, and a wart hog standing next to each other.", "A mural of zebras, antelopes and other animals.", "A painted wall of wildlife draw on it."]
["A man sitting on the beach with a dog holding a yellow frisbee.", "A man holding a Frisbee for his dog.", "A man on the beach with his dog and a Frisbee. ", "a man with his dog examine a frisbee at a beach", "a man sitting by his dog holding a yellow frisbee"]
["three people wading in shallow waters with a frisbee flying by", "Three men with hats on are wading in the dark water.", "A group of men in canoe throwing a frisbee.", "Three adults playing Frisbee in a body of water.", "Three guys walking in the water as a Frisbee heads toward them. "]
["A young man in a bathing suit about to catch a Frisbee at the beach", "A man is bent over to catch a frisbee on the beach.", "A man standing on a beach tossing a white frisbee.", "A person playing with a frisbee on a beach.", "A man is catching a frisbee on the beach."]
["A black and white zebra looks like it's made of legos.", "a sculpture of a zebra standing in a garden area ", "A zebra statue made out of legos in a flower garden.", "a close up of a statue of a zebra in a field ", "A zebra that is made out of building blocks."]
["a pack of zebra underneath a shaded tree ", "Multiple zebras standing in the grass under a leafless tree.", "a group of zebras standing beneath a tree.", "A group of zebras walking together in a field. ", "A group of zebra in the shade of a tree."]
["A zebras rump is up close for a photo.", "A zebra standing on the ground with little scattered grass.", "a zebra is standing on dirt and grass ", "A zebra is standing outside on the grass by itself.", "A zebra walking away from the camera in a dirt and grassy area."]
["Three people hold Frisbees while one of them throws his.", "Several men are in a park and have different colored Frisbees.", "A group of guys playing Frisbee in a park", "A group of people playing frisbee in park next to trees.", "A group of people playing frisbee at the park"]
["The two zebras are standing together outside by the dirt road.", "A couple of zebra standing on top of a dirt road.", "There are two zebras standing next to each other.", "a couple of zebras are standing out on a road", "Two zebras standing on a dirt path between grass."]
["A group of three zebras standing in a grassy area.", "Three zebra stand close to a cluster of small rocks.", "A couple of zebras are standing in a field", "A large group of zebra standing in a field.", "Three zebras standing on a grassy hill with other animals."]
["A pack of zebra standing in a field next to an ostrich.", "Two zebras and one ostrich standing in a green grass field.", "Two zebras in a field next to an ostrich", "Two zebras and an ostridge in a grassy field.", "Two zebras share a tender moment as an ostrich hides his head in the background. "]
["A zebra eating some grass in some open area.", "A zebra grazing on grass in a pasture.", "A zebra grazing on some rich green grass.", "A zebra eats short grass inside its enclosure", "A zebra grazing on grass at an open zoo."]
["two people riding horses on a sand road ", "Two men ride animals on the way to a desert town.", "A man riding a donkey down a hill on a road.", "Two men ride horses through a desert area", "Two men ride horses on a dirt road."]
["A zebra and an ostrich standing in a large grassland.", "Ostrich and zebra grazing in open field together", "A zebra standing next to an ostrich on a lush green field.", "A zebra and an ostrich up close with other animals in the background.", "Ostrich, zebra, and other grazers in a wide-open rough field."]
["A white horse pulling a cart down a street.", "A horse pulling a wagon carrying three men.", "a group of people in a horse drawn carriage", "a horse pulling three men in a cart down the street", "a horse pulls a cart with some people sitting in it "]
["The horse is in the water with a man. ", "A boy on a brown horse inside the water.", "A boy and black horse in murky water.", "a horse partially submerged in water with a person", "A boy and a horse are splashing in water."]
["A man that is standing near a horse.", "some people and some black and white horses water and trees", "Several people walking horses by reins through the water.", "A black and white photo of a man leading horses in the water.", "Several people are leading horses by a body of water"]
["A zebra walking in a grassy plains are with another animal in the background", "A zebra walks in a grassy fenced enclosure.", "This is an image of a zebra walking.", "Two young zebras grazing through a grassy field.", "Large striped zebra walking down a patch of grass."]
["Two zebras grazing in wooded fenced area and grass", "A zebra colt nurses as its mother grazes in an enclosure", "A baby zebra gets milk from the mother zebra as she grazes in the grass. ", "momma zebra grazing while baby zebra is feeding from her", "There are two zebras on the grass eating. "]
["A large brown horse walking through a lush green forest.", "A horse walking by a tree in the woods.", "a horse running through the woods fast outside", "a horse out in the middle of the forest ", "A horse wearing a bridle is walking through the woods."]
["A white horse standing in an open field.", "A white horse standing in a field on top of grass.", "A white horse on grassy area with trees in the background.", "A white horse is standing on grass in the country.", "A white horse looking on as a picture is taken in a field."]
["Two horses grazing in a field with trees in the background", "A white horse standing on a lush green field.", "A white horse grazing in the grass ", "A gray horse grazing in a field on a sunny day. ", "A close up shot of a horse grazing in a small field. "]
["Two brown horses grazing in a field next to fence.", "Two brown horses graze grass in a fenced area.", "One light brown and one dark brown horse eating grass", "A pair of horses leaned over eating grass in a field.", "The two horses are grazing in the field."]
["A group of people walking next to stairs.", "A statue of a man on a horse with two people walking by.", "A couple people walking by a statue of a man on a horse", "A man and young girl walk past a monument of a man riding a horse. ", "The man and the little girl are walking past the statue."]
["A young girl in a bright dress rides a horse.", "A girl in a pink dress sitting on top of a horse. ", "A little girl riding on a brown horse.", "A little girl holds onto her saddle as she sits on a horse.", "A young girl wearing a helmet riding a horse."]
["A man secures a saddle on a horse that a girl is sitting on.", "A little girl on top of horse next to a cowboy.", "A man standing next to a little girl riding a horse.", "a little girl sitting on a big horse", "A small girl in a helmet sits atop a horse while a man is checking fo make sure she's safe."]
["Two cowboys on horses chasing a steer in an arena", "a man is riding a horse in a pin", "two people riding horses chasing a cow ", "A couple of men riding on the backs of horses.", "Rodeo riders on horseback are chasing a cow."]
["A brown horse pulling a carriage down a street.", "A sturdy looking horse is hooked up to a carriage.", "A large horse fitted to a fancy open top carriage.", "A horse pulling a carriage stands in the street next to a well.", "A close up a horse standing with a carriage on a road."]
["A brown and white horse standing on top of a beach.", "A person is leading a horse with a saddle down a beach.", "A horse that is standing in the sand.", "A man is walking a horse by a small crowd of people.", "This is a horse with a saddle walking on the sand of a beach."]
["a blue plate with an orange a cracker some lettuce and a twist bar", "An orange is placed on a plate with a cracker.", "A dish contains an orange and various snacks. ", "A bowl filled with , fruit, crackers and greens.", "An orange, chocolate, cracker, and piece of lettuce on a plate\n"]
["A plate filled with little sandwiches covered in plastic wrap.", "A plate of sandwiches at a covered in plastic wrap", "The cut sandwiches are on the plate, covered by plastic wrap.", "A plate full of sandwiches that are wrapped in plastic. ", "A plate of sandwiches covered with plastic wrap."]
["A baseball player standing on top of a green field.", "a baseball player that is at home plate with a bat", "A baseball game in progress with the batter in the middle of a swing.", "A baseball player swinging his bat during a game.", "The batter takes a swing and misses the ball that was thrown."]
["A man and a dog building a set from a box of legos.", "The older man is putting together his lego set at the table.", "Man sitting beside a bowl of fruit on a dinner table. ", "a man that is siting at a table with a dog", "A man and a Dachshund at a table with Indiana Jones Legos."]
["A lady frowning into the camera over dessert and wine", "A woman sitting at a table with an empty white plate.", "a woman in a gray shirt at a table with plates and cake", "A woman sits at a table with a glass of wine and a cake.", "A lady sitting at a kitchen table alone."]
["A woman skiing down a snow covered slope next to two brown dogs.", "A woman with two dogs skiing cross country.", "Two yellow dogs are in the snow as a woman is cross country skiing.  ", "A woman is cross country skiing along with two dogs in the snow.", "Two dogs are sitting in the snow with its owner"]
["A yellow dog is walking on white snow. ", "A tan colored dog walking on top of the snow.", "Two dogs and their owner playing in the snow.", "Dogs walking in the snow in front of a woman. ", "a dog walks in the snow as a person and other dog look on"]
["A group of people outside on snow skis.", "Three friends are getting ready to ski on a warm, sunny day.", "three people standing near one another wearing skis", "there are several people gathered here talking together", "Three people in the heavy snow on skis."]
["A white plate topped with mean, veggies and mashed potatoes.", "a plate with some meat and potatoes on it ", "Various meats and vegetables sit on the plate.", "A plate with meat, potatoes, and vegetables on  it.", "A plate of steak, carrots, green beans, and mashed potatoes."]
["Two baseball players are trying to catch a ball.", "Two men playing a game of baseball on a field.", "Baseball players in the air with the ball coming towards them. ", "Vintage black and white baseball picture of man sliding into third base as a thrown ball goes over the defender's glove.", "Two ball players are leaping in the air."]
["Snow skiers pose near a ski trail sign.", "A group of people about to ski down a mountain.", "A group of people standing on a snowy mountain with skis and poles. ", "A couple of people on top of a snowy hill.", "Skiers are stopped on the top of a mountain by a map."]
["a tub of apples and a box of bananas ", "Apples inside a blue container and a cardboard box of bananas.", "A tub and cardboard crate full of apples and bananas.", "a blue bin of apples and a cardboard box of bananas", "A basket of apples and a box of bananas next to each other"]
["A pile of oranges in crates topped with yellow bananas.", "There are bananas, pineapples, oranges, sandwiches, and drinks at the stand.", "Pineapples, bananas and oranges are in crates near smoothies.", "A bunch of different fruits sitting in baskets and on a table. ", "Smoothies in plastic cups lined up in a glass container and a black crate full of oranges, bananas and pineapple. "]
["A close-up of a waffle shaped cone with a banana in it.", "The golden waffle has a banana in it.", "A banana sticking out of what looks like a waffle.", "A peeled banana wrapped up in a waffle. ", "holding a waffle cone with a banana inside"]
["Two girls sitting on a bed eating bananas together. ", "A woman and a child enjoy bananas together.", "A mother and daughter eating a banana together..", "A woman and young child eating bananas together", "A woman and a young girl sit on a bed eating bananas. "]
["A glass dish filled with a banana split.", "A banana split with a fruit topping and whip cream", "A banana split with two cherries on whip cream.", "A banana split is displayed in a dish.", "A banana split with chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry ice cream."]
["A guy in a jet ski goes fast in a curve. ", "A person in the ocean using something to shoot water into the air.", "A person is riding on a jet ski in a body of water.", "A man riding a jet sky in the ocean spewing out water.", "A person on jet skis riding in the water"]
["A large bunch of bananas sitting in a tree.", "A giant green leaf is growing on a tree", "Bunches of bananas on the tree speak of a location in a tropical climate.", "A close up of a large banana tree with two bunches of fruit.", "a banana tree sits in the sun an a nice day"]
["A woman that is standing on ski's in the snow.", "a lady snow skiing on flat ground ", "Two people on skis in snowy area surrounded by trees.", "A woman riding skis up the side of a ski slope.", "A person using skis and poles in the snow."]
["A person is going down the mountain on skis.", "A person walking on their skis in the snow. ", "A person wearing winter gears skis down a mountain", "A man on ski's that is standing in the snow.", "A woman hiking across a mountain with skis."]
["A woman riding skis on top of a snow covered slope.", "A woman poses for a picture while on skis.", "A woman that is standing in the snow wearing skis.", "a woman standing on the snow with some skiis ", "A woman on skis is standing in the snow."]
["A close up of dozens of of oranges stacked.", "There are a lot oranges in this pile.", "A host of oranges sitting on a fruit stand.", "A bunch of ripe oranges are stacked neatly on top of each other.", "A pile of oranges stacked on top of each other"]
["Italian blood oranges for sale in a market", "A pile of orange sitting on a market shelf.", "Oranges are stacked up next to yams and one orange is cut open.", "a fresh produce stand that have bins of oranges, sweet potatoes, and what looks like Idaho potatoes.", "The oranges, grapefruit and other produce are displayed at the market."]
["A couple of skiers racing on a snow covered hill.", "Two people cross country skiing in a race.", "Two people race each other while cross country skiing. ", "People skiing on an area that does not have a lot of snow but have pine trees.", "Skiers glide down a snowy hill as they race each other. "]
["A pile of oranges sitting inside of a basket.", "There are different citrus fruits in the bowl. ", "A close up view of oranges and a couple of lemons.", "a close up of a bowl of fruits ", "A close up of citrus fruit in a basket."]
["People standing over a barrel with several fruit in it. ", "Three people going through a wheelbarrow full of green bananas.", "people looking at green bananas and apples in a wheel barrel ", "A banana sitting on a table, with men around.", "People are collecting home grown fruit from a wheel barrel."]
["A cross country skier traveling past many evergreen trees.", "A man who is walking in the snow on skis.", "A cross country skier is skiing in the forest.", "a person in blue is standing in the snow", "A man riding skis on top of  snow."]
["A tray of food on a dining table.", "A meal tray containing pasta salad and fruit and vegetables.", "A tray of food with broccoli, tomatoes and pasta salad in it. ", "a close up of a plastic container of food", "a container tray  with macaroni, greens, and fruits."]
["a bowl of fruit, veggies, and sushi on a table", "There is a bowl of salad containing fruits and vegetables", "A bowl of vegetables and fruit such as oranges, cantaloupe and peaches sits on a brightly colored table. ", "Bowl of food with a small paper bird in it.", "Some fresh vegetables sit together in a bowl. "]
["A sliced chocolate desert covered in powered sugar", "A cake with a slice cut out of the side.", "a plate containing a chocolate cream filled cake that has been sliced", "The huge chocolate cookie is being cut like a cake.", "A white plate holding a chocolate cake filled with frosting."]
["A person looking at another person with bananas on a bike.", "A man pushing a bicycle which is loaded with bananas.", "Girl looking out car rear window at man pushing a bicycle covered in banana bunches. ", "A picture of man carrying bunches of bananas on a bike.", "a person with a bike with many bunches of bananas"]
["Woman cross country skiing alone on a trail in the woods.", "The cross country skier on the snow covered road all alone.", "Woman on cross country skis traveling on path in forest.", "A woman that is on skis in the snow.", "a person is skiing down a snowy slope"]
["A plate filled with sliced beef a bun and potatoes.", "Pull pork sandwich and potatoes sit on a white plate.", "A very meaty sandwich with uniquely shaped fries.", "A plate of potatoes with a pulled pork sandwich next to it.", "This is an image of a meal with meat, bread and potatoes"]
["A breakfast of bagels, eggs, friend potatoes and fresh fruit along side glasses of juice and water, with a basket of jelly packets to the side. ", "A plate with bagel, fruit and potatoes sitting on a table.", "A cooked lunch with fruit sits on a table.", "A plate filled with food at a restaurant.", "A pink plate topped with a bagel sandwich and vegetables."]
["two little tray of food- one with fruit and chocolate, the other with veggies ", "A couple of lunch containers have healthy food in them.", "Two bowls of assorted fresh fruits, potato salad and fresh vegetables.", "There is fruit in one bowl and vegetables in the other. ", "Picture of two containers of food that have egg, vegetables and fruit"]
["A person riding skis through a forest covered in snow.", "A woman is skiing on her thick covered snow bank", "Person cross country skiing in the ski tracks in the snow.", "A woman cross-country skis through a path in the forest. ", "The skier is making her way along the path."]
["A mixture of vegetables are cooking in a pan.", "A pan filled with vegetables with a spatula.", "Brocolli and mushrooms cook with other vegetables in a pan.", "Stir-fried vegetables, including broccoli, mushrooms, and pea pods, sit in a skillet.", "A vegetarian stir fry being cooked with mushrooms."]
["A person skiing down a hill with poles", "A person on some skis in the snow.", "A woman in blue jacket skiing on slope with trees in background.", "A skier in blue heading down a snowy slope", "The person is skiing down the mountainside. "]
["A silver bowl of sliced carrots and chopped broccoli.  ", "A metal bowl of food on a table.", "The vegetables are cooking in the frying pan.", "Steamed carrots and broccoli in a silver bowl.", "Green broccoli and sliced orange carrots in a pot.  "]
["A lunch salad in a yellow bowl made out of fruit, vegetables, and meats with chopsticks. ", "a small bowl filled with food such as veggies and rice", "A bowl holding a variety of foods and a set of chopsticks.", "The food is on the table and ready to eat. ", "A plate full of vegetables sitting on the table"]
["a group of people picking out bananas from carts", "A yellow tent is covering people who are selling bananas.", "A couple of women buying banana's at a stand.", "A banana bunch for sale and people looking.", "A group of women standing inside of a farmers market."]
["An assortment of foods arranged on a plate.", "A plate topped with cakes and desserts on top of a counter.", "a blue and white plate of food some is wrapped in plastic", "Various baked goods are piled onto a plate.", "this plate has many different types of food on it"]
["Two baseball players work out on the field.", "Interesting antics by two men during a baseball game ", "A man in a baseball uniform stands spread eagle near a man with a red had who has a baseball glove on one hand.", "Two boys playing baseball behind a fence on a baseball field.", "two baseball players on in uniform on a baseball field "]
["A man in the snow in the mountains ", "there is a snowboarder that is going down a snow hill", "Skier tackling steep slope on bright sunny day.", "Snow-dusted evergreens and rolling hills mark the distance, while in the foreground a hunched over skier moves through a dip between two snow-packed slopes.  ", "a man on a snowboard is going down a hill"]
["A person in white shirt doing a trick on skis.", "A skier performing a jump on a hillside.", "A skier flying very high in the air.", "a man doing a jump in the air on skis", "A person flying through the air on skis."]
["a person on skis doing a backflip high in the air.", "A person on skis doing a flip in the air.", "A skier is performing a trick in the air.", "The skier with skis is upside down on a hill. ", "A skier is in mid air doing a trick."]
["A person in  a white jacket skiing down a slope", "A person riding skis down a snow covered ski slope.", "Person in white ski jacket coming down snow filled mountain.", "A woman dressed in black and white gear, skiing down a slope.", "Someone skiing down a ski slope with ski poles in the hands"]
["A piece of cooked broccoli is on some cheese.", "A casserole is adorned with broccoli and is freshly baked.", "A piece of roasted broccoli sits atop a cheesy casserole.", "A piece of broccoli on a piece of cheese.", "A piece of broccoli on top of a cheesy dish."]
["A cheesy pizza, topped with chicken and vegetables.  ", "a pan of pizza with broccoli and cheese", "A large plate of cooked food with broccoli.", "A cheese pizza with vegetables on it sitting on a pan.", "A pizza covered in cheese and toppings with broccoli."]
["A man throwing a baseball while people watch from chairs behind him.", "a male pitcher is in a baseball game throwing the ball", "A baseball player pitching a ball while wearing a mitt.", "Baseball pitcher in the middle of a wind up just before throwing the ball.", "A man in a blue shirt and white pants wears a baseball hat and stretches his arm back while holding a baseball."]
["A group of people riding on top of a ski lift.", "A group of people wave while riding a ski lift.", "a bunch of people are on a ski lift", "people flying very high and waving their hands", "A group of people in ski gear ride on a ski lift."]
["A woman on a ski slope wearing her skis", "The woman in red and black is skiing down the slope.", "The woman in the red coat is skiing sideways in snow. ", "A girl in an orange and white blazer  is skiing down the hill.", "A female skier traveling down a snowy slope."]
["A group of people riding down a snow covered ski slope.", "people holding a skating pole on the snow", "A group of skiers wearing black and red on a mountain", "Four skiers go down a steep slope together.", "Four people skiing on their skis at the ski slope"]
["A person riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A man in a red jacket is skiing through the snow.", "A skier skiing down a slope of fresh snow. ", "A person riding on ski's down a hill.", "A skier is headed down a slope on his skis."]
["A boy in a pitchers pose then pitching a baseball.", "A young pitcher throws a ball on the pitchers mound", "Two photos of a young boy throwing a pitch.", "Two pictures of a boy throwing a baseball.", "A side by side picture of a boy about to throw a pitch, and then delivering the pitch."]
["a group of pictures with baseball players in it", "A man standing on a baseball field talking to a child on the pitchers mound.", "Coach telling young pitcher what to do with the baseball", "In side-by-side photos, a uniformed adult coach engages with a child on a baseball diamond's pitching mound and the child player stands alone in the next picture with the ball in hand at his chest and gloved hand at his side.", "A child is talking to a man at a baseball game."]
["A woman riding skis next to a brown dog standing on it's hind legs.", "A woman on skis leans toward a dog standing on hind legs", "a women on ski's leaning over to  a dog .", "There is a woman on skis next to a dog.", "Person on skis and snow looking at dog on two legs. "]
["Several different types of vegetables laying together including cabbage.", "Fresh vegetables placed side by side on a counter top.", "close up of root vegetables including cabbage and broccoli", "An assortment of vegetables next to each other. ", "There is cabbage, two turnips, a head of broccoli, a sweet potato, and a broccoli crown."]
["A photo of an outdoor with many things in the scene.\n", "A man on skis stands next to a sign while a golden dog runs beside him.", "A dog bounds through the snow near a small shack", "A dog and a man stand on top of a snowy mountain.", "a dog defecating on the snow and a man  standing by a sign on skis"]
["A person with skis in the snow with two dogs.", "A woman with skis and two tan dogs standing in the snow looking at the camera. ", "A woman standing between two brown dogs on a ski slope.", "A woman and two dogs are skiing in snow.", "A woman near her cross country skies and her two golden retrievers"]
["a apple that has a pair of knifes sticking out of it", "A large knife sticking out of an apple in front of a blood soaked wall.", "A withered apple that has been stabbed with blood in the background.", "A knife sticking out of an apple and red splatters are on the wall.", "red paint lines the walls behind an apple with a knife in it to give the illusion of blood"]
["A white plate topped with pasta and chicken with broccoli", "A plate of pasta, mushrooms, broccoli. and cheese.", "A dish of rotini and shell pasta tossed with broccoli and parmesan cheese in a lite white sauce.", "Some awful looking pasta with broccoli is seen here.", "pasta shells and broccoli sprinkled with Parmesan  cheese"]
["A picture of some food on a plate.", "A white plate topped with meat and vegetables.", "A simple meal with chicken , greens and cranberry sauce.", "A plate contains curry, rice, and green vegetables.", "A PLATE OF RICE MEAT AND VEGETABLES "]
["A wine glass and bottle on a kitchen counter by a microwave.", "A glass of wine is sitting next to a bottle of wine", "A half empty wine bottle beside a wine glass", "A glass and bottle of wine sit on a kitchen counter.", "A glass of wine sitting on a counter next to a bottle."]
["A glass of red wine sits beside the bottle for a refill as a piece of cake goes untouched in the back.", "A bottle of good Shiraz sits beside a glass with some in it; something yummy to eat appears in the background. ", "A bottle of wine sitting next to a wine glass.", "A bottle of wine and a glass on a table.", "A partially-full glass of wine with a partially-full bottle sit on a table."]
["Two cross country skiers heading onto the trail", "Two guys cross country ski in a race", "Skiers on their skis ride on the slope while others watch.", "To skiers competing on a ski trail in a competition.", "Spectators watch cross country ski competitors fly by "]
["I am unable to see an image above.", "A group of skiers in the snow in a competition.", "A time lapse photo of a skier skiing down a hill.", "A group of men on skis in a race.", "A group of skiers glide along the snow."]
["Two skiers race while a crowd looks on.", "A man in red and one in blue are skiing.", "people holding skating board and other watching them", "Two skiers in the middle of a race.", "Two men are riding on skis in a competition."]
["A time lapse photo of a man skiing down a hill.", "A group of men skiing in a race with trees in the background.", "A bunch of skiers skiing as part of a sporting event.", "a group of skiiers racing down a hill ", "Cross country skiers are engaged in a race."]
["A group of skiers skiing in a line with spectators on the side.", "Cross country skiers in a competition with number 33 in front", "Skiers in different uniforms race down a snowy mountain", "Four competitive skiers skiing down a mountain slope.", "Competitors cluster in a cross country ski race"]
["A plate of food that includes rice, meat and vegetables.", "A plate has meat and an array of vegetables. ", "Broccoli, carrot, and dome other items on a dish.", "A plate of meat, rice and cooked vegetables.", "teriyaki chicken rice and broccoli and mixed vegetables"]
["A man riding skis on top of  a snow covered field.", "a man that is skiing down a small mound of snow", "A man standing on a mound of snow with several dogs", "a person riding skis on a snowy surface", "A man is skiing in a field with a group of dogs."]
["Two people walk through the snow behind a dog.", "Two people are out with their dog in their ski gear. ", "A man and walk in the snow with their skis and a dog. ", "A dog leads the way for two crosscountry skiers", "Two people on skis and a dog are standing in the snow."]
["Some young skateboarders are riding down the sidewalk.", "Two boys skate boarding down a city sidewalk.", "Two young men skateboard down a sidewalk ", "A couple of men riding skateboards down a sidewalk.", "Black and white photograph of skate board riders on a city street"]
["There is two men riding on a skateboard on the street.", "Two men who are skateboarding down a street.", "Two friends are skateboarding down the street to their next destination.", "A man riding a skateboard next to another young man also on a skateboard.", "A man on a skateboard, riding on a sidewalk area while another man on a skateboard rides beside him."]
["A man flying through the air on a skateboard.", "A young man is in the air on his skateboard. ", "The man is skateboarding in the park. ", "A man that is jumping up in the air.", "A boy doing a trick on his skate board at the skate park "]
["Snowy mountain with flags and an air born skier.", "Skier jumping over a flagged snowy slope in competition.", "A skier going over a jump in the snow in the mountains ", "Skier in the air after going over a small hill in the mountains.", "The people are skiing in the snow covered area."]
["A white plate topped with salad and onions.", "A plate of pasta with greens and toasted bread pieces. ", "Bread crumbs sitting on top of a veggie plate with noodles. ", "A pasta dish with bread crumbs and cooked green vegetable", "A plate of food that includes broccoli, noodles and bread crumbs."]
["A pile of food on a white plate.", "a plate of noodles with chicken and broccoli", "Plate full of noodles, lettuce, croutons and dressing.", "A salad made of croutons, noodles and broccoli sitting on a white plate.", "A plate of pasta, croutons, and something else."]
["A woman riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A snow skier on a cross country trail.", "A lone woman skies down the slope in her red snow jacket.", "A person on skis standing in the snow.", "A woman who is standing on ski's in the snow."]
["A young man doing a skateboard trick outside.", "A young man jumping off his skateboard while skateboarding.", "The young man is playing on his skate board.", "A person on a skateboard does an air trick.", "An adolescent boy in a red hat doing tricks on a skateboard."]
["A young man does a kick flip outside", "A skateboarder in blue jeans and a black shirt doing a trick. ", "A guy is doing tricks on a skateboard.", "A man performing a jump on a skate board.", "A man jumping on his surfboard in a parking lot. "]
["A young man riding down the side of a skateboard ramp.", "a man on a skate board riding in on a skate ramp ", "A skateboarder hitting a trick on a half pipe with people watching.", "A skateboarder riding their board in a skate park.", "A man that is in a bowl with a skateboard."]
["A man riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp.", "Some skateboarders practice at a park on the beach", "A couple of people with skateboards on a beach.", "Two men with skateboards in a skate park.", "A man skating in a skate park with another standing nearby."]
["A person is snow skiing next to a tree.", "A person in a forest on skies in the snow", "a man skiing on some snow in the woods", "A woman cross country skiing over a small creek.", "A man on skies is standing in the snow"]
["A man flying into the air on top of a skateboard ramp.", "A young man doing a skateboard trick while others watch.", "very many young people skating and others watching", "A skateboarder concentrates in midair as others watch. ", "A boy riding on his skateboard at a skate patk whike other guys watch."]
["A skier bending down to gain momentum as she goes down the slope.", "A person is skiing quickly down a snowy mountain.", "The man is racing down the hill in his skis. ", "The skier is going down the run with arms back.", "The skier is speeding swiftly down the snowy slope."]
["Two people are in the air as they perform water stunts.", "The water skiers are jumping up above the water.", "Two men flying through the air, while on water skis.", "A couple of men flying through the air on water skis.", "Two people on skis soaring over the water."]
["A man riding a board over the top of a wave.", "A person being pulled on a surf board .", "A man is in the air while sitting on a surf board.", "A man using a hydrofoil wake board being pulled behind a boat", "A man flying through the air over the water on a board while holding a rope."]
["Chicken and broccoli garnished with tomatoes and sliced lemons.", "Food topped with lemons and tomatoes next to broccoli.  ", "A fish meal has sides of broccoli and tomato.", "A piece of salmon with lemon, broccoli and tomato.", "Closeup of food that includes chicken, lemon and broccoli."]
["a person riding skis on a snowy slope", "Woman enjoying down hill skiing at a well-groomed resort", "a woman skier coming to a stop after her run down the gnarly hill", "A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A person is skiing while looking at the camera."]
["A pair of red and black skis on a white background.", "The front portion of two head brand snow skis.", "Back view of a skier with red skis on the snow.", "A man riding skis on a snow covered ground.", "Above view of someone with skis on their feet and snow."]
["TWO LADIES ARE OUT SPENDING THE DAY SKIING", "A couple of women standing on top of a snow covered slope.", "a couple of people on skis stand on a snowy hill top", "Two people standing on a ski slope looking down the hill.", "A couple of cross country skiers on a bright sunny day on mountain."]
["A picture loaded with much wonderful sustenance on table.\n", "Cheesy broccoli goes well with a rice dish.", "a fork is laying on a red plate", "A red plate topped with broccoli and white cauliflower.", "A closeup image of a plate with broccoli and cheese and something white on it."]
["A person skiing alone on snow covered mountain", "A full view of a snow resort with many people. ", "A hill that is used for people to ski on.", "A person sits in the snow on a snowy mountain side.", "a person riding skis on a snowy surface"]
["a close up of a skate board on a tree branch", "A skateboard sitting in the branch of a tree.", "A skateboard resting on the limb of a tree.", "A skateboard with green wheels is in a tree.", "A skateboard is sitting in a tree outside.\n"]
["A sandwich, carrots and strawberries in a lunch box.", "A bento box with chopsticks containing strawberries, carrots, sandwiches, broccoli, lettuce, and some other foods.", "A sandwich, vegetables, and fruit packed for lunch.", "A bento lunch box containing a sandwich fresh fruits and vegetables ", "A Small plate of assorted vegetables and fruit."]
["A half a sandwich sitting on top of a table.", "A sandwich with meat, cheese, lettuce and tomato on it.", "A large sandwich has vegetables, meat, and cheese.", "a sandwich with some cheese cucumbers and meat", "A sandwich on a counter in front of a microwave."]
["A sandwich is next to a yellow stuffed animal.", "A stuff giraffe next to a sandwich with grassy field below.", "A stuffed animal being held up to a sandwich.", "A stuffed animal yellow giraffe placed next to a sandwich as if the giraffe is eating it, with a large body of water and grass areas in the background.", "A stuffed toy giraffe eating a sandwich on a grass covered field.."]
["A couple of women preparing food inside of a kitchen.", "A line of people are making fast food hot dogs.", "Two women on a line work to make sandwiches.", "this is a man putting toppings on a hot dog", "Two people at a fast food restaurant preparing food."]
["a glass of water is sitting on a wood table", "A table that has some cake, meat, and bread on it.", "A dining table is set with many different dishes", "A cherry pie sitting on a table with other foods.", "Table set with different types of desert on it. "]
["Small children with protective gear playing in a park. ", "Small children stand near bicycles at a skate park.", "Boys wearing helmets carry a bicycle up a ramp at a skate park.", "small children playing with bikes on sloped concrete park", "A group of young children riding bikes and skateboards with each other."]
["a close up of a sandwich in a paper plate", "A partially eaten pulled meat sandwich rests on a blue picnic table. ", "The half eaten sandwich is sitting on the table.", "A table topped with a container containing a sandwich on top of a table ", "A barbeque sandwich on a bun in a paper basket."]
["A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "a shirtless skateboarder is doing a trick and trees", "a skateboarder jumps over a stone dome with silver domes in front of it and bicycler behind him .", "A person jumping with a skateboard over concrete.", "A man is jumping over small sculptures with a skateboard."]
["A basket of large carrots next to a box of bell peppers.", "Containers full of vegetables that are sitting next to each other.", "a bucket of carrots near a box of green peppers on the ground", "THERE IS A BASKET OF VEGETABLES LIKE CARROTTS AND PEPPERS ", "A basket of carrots is next to a box of peppers and boxes of other produce."]
["Patches of cloth, cotton, and scissors sitting on a table.", "A couple of dog patterns, loose cotton, and a pair of scissors.", "these are a craft project with scissors and a mug", "Cotton stuffing, scissors, a cup, and drawings of bears", " some animal cutouts next to some cotton and scissors "]
["Skies skiing near a chair lift and a mountain behind.", "People ski together down a snow covered mountain. ", "Two skiers are skiing down the snowy mountain.", "A snowy white capped mountain with two skiers.", " Two skiers skinning down a snow hill"]
["This photo depicts someone cross country skiing in the mountains.", "A woman cross country skiing on a sunny day", "A person cross country skiing on a sunny day.", "a person that is skiing across a field", "A woman wearing a purple jacket is shown on skis."]
["A group of people riding snow boards on top of a slope.", "Multiple children skiers are preparing to head downhill", "A group of children attempting to keep balance on a ski slope.", "A group of kids are playing on snowboards outside ", "A group of kids getting ready to snowboard. "]
["A boy balancing on a skateboard in a parking lot.", "A person performs a trick on a skateboard.", "A young man skate boarding on a curbed edge in a parking lot.", "A guy grinds a rail in a parking lot on a skateboard.", "A man who is riding on a skateboard."]
["some people on skis ride on the snow ", "A group of people on some skis in the snow.", "A few men racing against each other on skis.", "A group of men walking in the snow on skis.", "A couple of people riding skis down a snow covered slope."]
["A small plastic dish with food in it ", "A bento box with rice and vegetables is shown with chopsticks.", "A green bowl features snacks and fresh fruit.", "A small green dish with multiple fruits and vegetables.", "A container that has some vegetables in it."]
["a person talking a pic of pizza on the counter", "A woman is standing in front of pizza with fork and knife on the plate.", "The person stands at the white counter to eat the tomato and cheese pizza.", "Two pieces of pizza on a plate with a knife and fork laying on the plate.", "A large piece of pizza is on a white plate."]
["A young man riding a skateboard into the air.", "Young man enjoying time he is spending on his street skateboard.", "Skateboarder with red shirt on jumping on his board. ", "A boy practicing tricks with his skateboard in an open cement area.", "A kid doing a trick with a skate board on sidewalk."]
["A guy with a white shirt and jeans riding a skateboard.", "A person on a skateboard jumping it in the air.", "Small boy in white shirt and jeans jumping on top of a black board. ", "A skate boarder is performing a trick on his skateboard.", "a boy skating on a dry land with his hands up"]
["The young man is practicing his tricks on his skateboard. ", "A person jumping in the air on a skateboard.", "a man on a skateboard jumping down a short flight of stairs ", "A boy comes down the stairs while on his skateboard.", "A boy on a skateboard flies over the stairs."]
["A close up of shoes preparing to stand on a skateboard.", "A person's feet wearing tennis shoes on a skateboard ", "A close up picture of a persons feet pushing a skateboard.", "A person in tennis shoes has one foot on a skateboard.", "Person wearing black shoes on top of a skateboard. "]
["People skiing in the snow on the mountainside.  ", "some lights on a chairlift and some skiers", "A ski resort covered with snow and filled with people. ", "People are skiing around a slope that is lit up for night.", "many people at the bottom of a ski slope"]
["The group of people are skiing on the snow. ", "People trek up the snowy mountain side with skis", "five people climbing up a snowy hill to snow ski", "A group of skiers trekking through the snow ", "Four people are going up a mountain with walking sticks."]
["A dated image of a newly married couple cutting a wedding cake.", "A couple cutting a cake in a wedding photo.", "a man and woman are cutting into a cake", "a man and woman cut a wedding cake ", "A young couple stands behind a wedding cake with a knife."]
["a young man attempting to jump down some steps on a skateboard", "a man jumping in the air on a skateboard performing a stunt.", "A skateboarder doing a jump in front of a crowd.", "A skateboarder is flying down a flight of stairs.", "A young man riding a skateboard down a flight of stairs."]
["A man on a skateboard doing a trick. ", "A skateboarder grinding down a red and black ramp.", "A guy on a skateboard does tricks for the audience.", "A skateboarder in a professional setting grinding down a column.", "A person that is doing a skateboard trick."]
["a table set for three with food and wine", "The table has many plates, bowls, and wine glasses on it.", "a dining room table with a bottle of wine and wine glasses and a pot of carrots", "A dining table in a room with some food.", "Wine glasses and plates and bowls on a table."]
["a person is on some skis going down a hill", "A man is skiing at night under the park lights.", "A person jumping while skiing down a hill.", "The skier is in the air after jumping a ramp made of snow.", "A man on skis going over a small jump."]
["a group of young people getting ready to go ski", "A group of people have backpacks as they stand on snow skis in the snow.", "A group of skiers are gathered together as they get ready to ski.", "Several people in their ski gear are in the snow. ", "four skiers ready to ski down a snowy mountain\n"]
["A man is eating hot dogs in his mouth", "A man is eating two hot dogs without the bun.", "A man eating a hot dog out of its bun.", "A man eats a hot dog in front of a wall.", "a man sticking two hot dogs into his mouth as he holds the bun in his other hand "]
["Slider burgers with hot dog and fries on plate on table", "Five different sandwiches are next to a bowl of potato fries.", "A hot dog and slider burgers are on a white tray.", "Hot dogs, hamburgers and sweet potato fries are laid out.", "Various small burgers with a hot dog and a cup of french fries with dip. "]
["A hot dog and a pickle on a tray.", "A hotdog that is sitting in a bun on a paper.", "A hot dog with pickles and tomatoes. ", "there is a sandwich with many different foods in it", "This is a hot dog with tomato, mustard, onion, relish, and pickle on it."]
["a snowboard instructor teaching students how to snowboard ", "A group of people with snowboards in the snow.", "A guy on a snow board does tricks in the snow", "Five snowboarders in formation in the snow, four sitting.", "A group of people are standing and sitting on ski boards in the middle of the snow. "]
["a person riding a skate board on a skate park", "A young man riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp.", "A young boy going up a skateboard ramp to do a trick.", "A young person wearing a gold helmet and skateboarding on a skateboard ramp.", "A skate boarder wearing a helmet is going up the slope."]
["A young boy riding a skateboard on a sidewalk.", "A red headed child is playing with a skate board.", "A little boy is getting ready to do some skateboarding.", "A young boy using a skateboard on the sidewalk", "A red haired boy is riding his skateboard."]
["A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "A skateboarder preforming tricks on a half pipe. ", "a man performs a trick on a skate board ", "A boy on a skateboard slides down a skating ramp.", "A young man hovers above his skateboard, mid air, as he makes the turn on the ramp."]
["there are two sandwiches that are on two white plates", "A steak sandwich on a plate with a unique food design on it.", "a close up of a sandwich on a plate on a table ", "Gourmet sandwiches of meat and mushrooms on fresh rolls", "two meaty sandwiches sit on top of white plates"]
["A pink plate topped with two sausages on a bun.", "This meal has two sausages with buns on a plate.", "Two hot dogs laying on a plate with a glass of wine to the side.", "There are two hot dogs on the plate, one half eaten.", "The sausage is sitting on the side of the plate."]
["A fried egg is nestled inside a piece of crusty bread.", "a plate that has a bread with an egg in it", "A picture of a toad in the hole egg dish on a white plate.", "A sandwich with an egg in the middle. ", "A piece of bread that has some egg in the middle."]
["Two hotdogs in open aluminum foil with various condiments.", "Two loaded hot dogs beside each other wrapped in tinfoil.", "A hot dog with sauerkraut and onions in tin foil", "A couple pieces of tinfoil topped with hot dogs.", "Two hot dogs in foil loaded with toppings."]
["Chocolate is being inserted into the donut hole.", "A baker filling a pastry with chocolate cream.", "A bunch of different shots of dough with chocolate.", "A person who is putting the filling in a doughnut. ", "A person holding a doughnut with a bottle."]
["A young girl holding a sandwich over a couple of plates of food.", "A small child holds a bread and breaded cutlet up for the camera", "The young girl is eating a meal sitting on the table.", "A little girl holding a hotdog in front of the camera.", "A young girl in a restaurant holding half a sandwich and has two take away  bowls in front of her."]
["An older woman sitting at a table cutting up donuts.", "A senior citizen preparing pastries in a large kitchen.", "Woman in a red coat putting doughnuts in a container.", "An older woman placing dessert halves on  a tray", "An elderly lady carefully prepares a platter of deserts."]
["A plate of bread with jam and powdered sugar on it. ", "Jam and powdered sugar top a Croque-monsieur at breakfast.", "This is a platter with a sandwich of  ham and cheese topped with confectioner's sugar and jelly.", "A cheese and ham sandwich with jam on a plate.", "A sandwich with powder sits on a plate on the table."]
["An order of fries to along with a sloppy joe and a pickle. ", "Fries, banana and a sandwich on the table", "There is a sandwich with French fries on the plate", "A plate that has a sandwich and fries.", "a plate of food that has some french fries and a burger"]
["A person in winter gear riding a snowboard.", "A snowboarder smiling for a picture while snowboarding.", "A person  is snow boarding down a snowy hill.", "A woman is smiling while riding on a snowboard.", "young person in a snowsuit is riding downhill on a snowboard"]
["three donuts and five donut holes on a plate", "A white plate topped with donuts and doughnut holes.", "A plate with glazed donuts and donuts holes on it.", "A white plate with three doughnuts and some doughnut holes sitting on a granite table.", "Three donuts and five donut holes sit on a white plate."]
["A man riding a paddle board out on a body of water.", "A man on a wave board alone with small waves.", "The surfer paddles far out into the ocean.", "a person on a surf board in the water ", "A man on a surfboard paddles through choppy water."]
["Black and white picture of two blond women walking on beach with surf board.", "A couple of women carrying surfboards on top of a beach.", "Two women are holding surfboards as they walk along the beach.", "Two women with surf boards are walking on the beach.", "Two girls are walking on a beach, carrying surfboards. "]
["A donut covered in chocolate sitting next to a cup of coffee.", "A cup of coffee and a doughnut are on a table.", "The large donut is next to a cup of coffee.", "A chocolate doughnut with sprinkles in a basket next to a cup of coffee on a saucer.", "A cup of coffee with cream and a doughnut covered with chocolate and berries"]
["A family playing at the beach with their baby", "The parents have their little boy on the beach.", "A couple is on the beach with a small child.", "A mother and father walking with their son on a sandy beach.", "A couple and their baby are walking on the beach."]
["Donuts and pies sit in a display case.", "Glazed donuts, regular donuts, pies and other desserts in a show case.", "This is a case of various colored doughnuts.", "frosted donuts in a display case to feast upon", "Dozens of donuts sitting in a display case on metal racks."]
["A young child wearing a jacket and eating a donut.", "A child in a sweater eating a doughnut with cereal", "A young girl holds a decorative pastry treat.", "A young boy eating a doughnut topped with cereal.", "A child eating a doughnut with cereal topping."]
["A knife with red crumbs on it next to a cup on top of a wooden table.", "A black object beside a gray and white bowl on a wood surface.", "the table has a bowl as well as knife on it ", "Raw red meat on a large knife blade on a wooden cutting board", "A knife covered in guts next to a bowl."]
["two surfers are carrying two long surfboards at the beach", "Two surf boarders carry their surf boards down the beach.", "Two men walking with their surf boards on a beach.", "two people are carrying surf boards at the beach", "Two men are carrying surf boards down the beach."]
["A bride and groom holding a knife to a three tier wedding cake.", "A couple cutting their wedding cake at their reception. ", "A man and a women are cutting their wedding cake", "a black and white photo of two people cutting cake", "A man and woman cutting into a wedding cake."]
["A plate filled with a cut in half sandwich on top of a black table.", "A partially eaten sandwich on a brown and white plate.", "A few slices of a sandwich on a dish.", "a sandwich is cut in half on a plate", "A sandwich lays on a white plate with dark colored stripes."]
["Two people eating biscuits on a brown table. ", "Two people eating rolls and food in a black bowl. ", "a tray of food that someone has their hand in", "this is a table with a plate of take out food with rolls", "a wooden table with trays of food on top of it"]
["a vintage photo of man standing in the middle of some waves", "a man riding a small wave on his surfboard ", "A man surf on his surfboard in the water. ", "A black and white photograph of a person that is in rushing waters.", "a man that is surfing in some water"]
["A young woman riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.", "A woman in a wetsuit surfing on a sunny day.", "A surfer rides a wave in a gushing stream.", "Surfer riding on the front of a river wave. ", "A young person riding waves as onlookers watch"]
["A bakery counter has many different kinds of pastries and pies.", "Many various donuts are displayed in a shop.", "A bakery section filled with pies and various other bakery items.", "A bakery with pies, donuts, cookies and rolls on display.", "a doughnut shop with a different variety of flavors"]
["a hand opening up half a sandwich with green sauce", "This sandwich is made on a French roll and has Pepper Jack cheese, turkey, guacamole, and lettuce. ", "A sub is filled with meat, lettuce, and cheese.", "a person holding up the bread part of a sandwich with their hands", "A person checking out what kind of cheese is on the sub sandwich. "]
["A man standing over a surfboard in the ocean.", "A boy walking in the ocean with a surf board under his hand.", "A man who is in the water next to a surfboard.", "A young man stands in the ocean water beside a surfboard.", "The man is ready to surf the waves on the water."]
["A plate with pizza slices, chips, and cole slaw.", "Sliced of pizza sitting on a plate with chips.", "Plate  of food with sandwich, chips and cole slaw", "A plate has some pasta and chips on it.", "A plate of pasta with meat and chips."]
["A girl is using her cell phone to take a picture of a fancy cake.", "a couple of people are standing near a table with food", "A girl takes a picture of a cake with a cell phone", "There is a kit using a cell phone and her parents also with her.", "a few family members stand in a nice room "]
["A plate with a small square piece of cake with white frosting.", "A bowl with a piece of cake in it next to a spoon.", "A white pastry sitting in a beige ball next to a spoon.", "Just a small dessert shouldn't be too fattening, should it?", "A spoon next to a dessert inside of a bowl."]
["A group of kids at table around a cake.", "A group of kids around a table with a cake.", "A group of kids watching a woman light a candle.", "A group of young children standing around a cake.", "little kids sitting around a table that has a birthday cake on it"]
["A large cake shaped like a cup covered in coco powder sitting on a white cutting board.", "A cake that has been made to look like a cup", "A white plate with a cake on top of it and one slice cut out.", "A cake sits on a plate with a knife behind it.", "A slice has been cut from the large cake."]
["A man that is laying down underneath a cat.", "The man is sleeping in a bed near two cats. ", "A bearded man sleeping with a cat on top of his head. ", "a man is sleeping next to a couple of cats", " A man sleeping in a bed with two cats."]
["A bedroom has many posters on the wall.", "A bedroom has gold paint and posters on the wall.", "A bed is in a room with posters.", "A bed sitting up against a window under a wall covered in posters.", "a bedroom with some posters a blue and white bed and some pillows"]
["A group of people gathered to celebrate a birthday.", "The cake is decorated for the family celebration.", "people gather around and sit at a table around a birthday cake", "a kid is sitting ion front of a cake ", "A woman sitting in front of a cake on a table."]
["A woman grabbing a piece of cake off the top of a plate.", "Hand reaching for another piece of freshly made cake", "Small group of pastries being picked up off a grey plate. ", "Someone is munching off pieces of cake making a mess.", "A woman breaking off a piece of bread."]
["A man and a women who are cutting a cake.", "Adult couple cutting small cake at indoor ceremony.", "Man and woman jointly cutting a cake at an event.", "A bride and groom cut into their cake.", "A couple cutting a piece of pizza, in a picture."]
["a room with a bed and multiple items in it ", "A bedroom filled with furniture and a bed.", "a room with a small bed well made", "An empty college dorm room with two beds.", "A view through a camera of a room with two bed, two desks, two chairs and a rug."]
["A man is water skiing on a river.", "A man who is riding some sort of wooden object in the water.", "A man in a swimsuit rides on a board in the water.", "the man is holding on to a small boat craft in the water", "A man that is on a board in the water."]
["A beautiful woman in a white dress kissing a man while cutting a cake.", "A couple cutting into a  brown wedding cake", "two people kissing while standing cutting a cake", "A bride and groom cut into their wedding cake.", "A man in a vest and tie kissing a woman in a white dress."]
["A bride and a groom cut into a wedding cake together.", "A newlywed couple is cutting a wedding cake.", "A couple cutting their wedding cake together with one knife.", "A bride and groom cutting their wedding cake.", "A husband and wife jointly cutting their wedding cake. "]
["A boy is standing in an inflatable pool on a surfboard.", " A park where people in groups are enjoying.A boy is balancing on a board and playing on an air filled matress.", "a person standing on a robotic surf board", "A young boy stands on a surf board inside of a pool", "A young child on a surfboard in a pool."]
["A woman standing next to a table holding a sheet cake.", "A woman holding a rectangular shaped iced cake.", "A young woman holding a large decorated cake.", "A smiling woman holding a birthday cake for a picture.", "A woman proudly presents a delicious cake with special frosting designs."]
["A bed covered in pillows and a comforter.", "An unkempt bed, with a pillow, a blanket, and a book on it.", "M messy bed with a pillow and a book.", "A messy unmade bed with a pillow and a book on it.", "On an unmade bed sits a blue book."]
["A couple of women holding up a cake together.", "A couple of women holding a cake in their hands.", "Two women in wigs are holding a birthday cake.", "Two smiling women holding a big cake together.", "two women hold a cake with a picture on it "]
["a few drag queens make some cake and eat it", "two people wearing wigs holding a cake that has their picture on it", "Cake with a picture of two girls holding it in the picture", "Two women wearing wigs holding a cake with their picture on it", "a couple of people are holding up a cake"]
["A bed sitting between two tables next to a large window.", "Very modern bedroom with a bed that looks like it floats.", "A bedroom with side tables, lights, and a bed.", "A large bed with a attached tables with hanging lights.", "A bedroom that has a king sized bed in it."]
["A bed sitting inside of a room next to a window.", "A very modern bedroom has lighting behind the bed.", "A modern bedroom with a large platform bed.", "a gray bed sitting in side a bay window with a white dresser and two bedside tables", "a large bed in a very large bedroom."]
["A bedroom with a full size bed and wooden headboard with  matching drawers on the side.", "The hotel bed is designed for the business traveler.", "A bedroom with a bed, checkerboard wallpaper above it, and some dressers. ", "A very simple bedroom with a large bed. ", "The bed has lamps on the night stands next to the bed."]
["Fed ex boxes are stacked up on each other on the floor.", "A bed and table made entirely from shipping boxes and envelopes.", "A pile of fed ex boxes sitting on the floor near each other.", "A large stack of Fedex boxes on a carpeted floor.", "Fed Ex boxes are stacked in a room.  "]
["Modern bed placed next to clear glass night stand.", "A modern furnished bedroom with glass table and yellow bed.", "A bed with a glass end table next to it.", "A modernized bed and nightstand with a see through design.", "The arm of a bed rests on top of a glass drawer."]
["A surfer surfing on the surfboard with an oar in the ocean. ", "A man surfing a small wave with a paddle", "A man with an oar on a surfboard in the water.", "A surfer with a paddle catches a wave.", "A person wake boarding on a small wave."]
["A posh bed in a hotel room under a glass candle filled chandelier.", "Canopy bed surrounded by a lot of gold.", "Very ornate bedroom with a chandelier over the bed.", "A bedroom with a chandelier and golden curtains", "a bedroom with a chandalier and a canopy for the bed"]
["An extravagant bedroom with focus on the chandelier.", "A large elaborate chandelier hanging over a fancy bed.", "a fancy bed room with a canopy and a chandelier ", "A room with extremely detailed golden wallpaper ", "A chandelier is hanging over a bed in an ornately decorated room."]
["Bedroom with a king size bed with wooden furniture. ", "A large wooden bed filled with blankets and pillows.", "A bed made out of large slabs of wood, with end tables on both sides.", "Unusual bed made from large wooden tree trunks", "A bedroom has green carpeting and a bed with decorative wooden boards. "]
["a white bed in a large hotel room", "A view of a modern day style bedroom with a desk and lounging area. ", "A nice hotel room with a bed with a white cover and a nice work desk.", "A living area with a bed, two chairs and a television.", "A neatly arranged hotel room with a bed, chair, and desk. "]
["A suitcase sitting on a bench in front of a bed.", "A suitcase next to a large bed in a nicely furnished room.", "A clean bedroom with a large bed and dresser.", "A large bed sitting up against a wooden dresser.", "The guest room is decorated in colonial style."]
["A boy in pool on a yellow board.", "A boy riding a boogie board on a man made wave.", "A boy laying on a boogie board in an artificial wave machine.", "A little boy lying on a wakeboard riding a current.", "A young boy rides a boogie board in the water."]
["A young person riding a body board on a wave.", "A child rides a body board through a wave pool.", "A boy is riding a boogie board through a wave.", "A kid on a boogie board in a pool.", "A young boy is enjoy the water on his raft. "]
["This pizza is laying inside of a steel pizza pan.", "a close up of a pizza in a pan", "A pizza pan with a pizza sitting on top of it covered in cheese.", "Pizza with cheese and toppings on a pizza pan on the table. ", "A pizza of some sort on a pan."]
["Two homemade pizzas on pans in an oven.", "a black oven with silver racks and two pizzas", "Pans of pizza cook on wire racks inside an oven.", "Two trays of pizza are on the racks of an oven. ", "Two pizzas on trays cook in an oven"]
["A cake sitting on top of a white plate.", "a square cake with frosting sitting on a round plate", "Baked and iced dessert item displayed on serving dish.", "A large chocolate cake is sitting on a cake pedestal.  ", "A cake that is sitting on a glass platter."]
["a lady lighting candles on a birthday cake", "A woman getting ready to light candles on a cake.", "A group of women standing around a sheet cake.", "A lady lights candles on a birthday cake at a party.", "a woman cutting a cake in front of some people "]
["A living area with a bed and a large window.", "An empty bed being overlooked by a sunny window. ", "A view of a bedroom as seen from the outside with the reflection of bushes on the window.", "a large bed in a room with a window", "an old fashioned iron frame bed sitting in a rundown room with vegetation growing inside"]
["a white framed bed with no mattress in a small room", "there is a bed with a metal frame and no mattress", "A bedroom area with a metal framed bed and picture on wall.", "A bedroom that has a bed frame but no mattress. ", "a bed frame that is set up in a room"]
["A group of people standing in a kitchen making pizza.", "A large kitchen is behind a brick and glass display table.", "Three restaurant employees behind a counter preparing food.", "A group of cooks work in a small kitchen.", "an image of a group of workers making pizza "]
["A group of people that are at the beach.", "LOTS OF MEN, WOMEN, AND CHILDREN ON THE BEACH WITH SURF BOARDS", "Parents and their children surfing at the beach.", "Group of adults and children at beach playing with various types of surfboards", "A beach full of people with surf and bogey boards."]
["A pizza with various toppings is pictured uncooked.", "A pizza has toppings consisting of sauce, olives, and meat.", "A black surface with a pizza covered in cheese and olives.", "a close up of uncooked pizza on a surface", "A pizza that is sitting on a counter."]
["A person laying in bed in front of a TV.", "Someone has a small monitor in their room near their bed.", "A person lying on a a couch under a red blanket.", "A person is laying upside down on a bed.", "A dorm or apartment bedroom is pictured with posters and a computer."]
["This messy pizza is covered in cheese and mushrooms", "A small pizza being served on a white plate.", "A large pizza with cheese and mushrooms on a serving tray.", "A pizza with sauce, mushrooms,and cheese on a plate.", "A thin crust pizza with cheese and mushrooms."]
["A surfer carrying his surf board out of the ocean.", "A surfer heads out into the ocean with surfboard.", "A person carrying a surfboard out of the ocean. ", "A man holding a surfboard while standing in the ocean.", "A surfer exiting the water with board in hand."]
["A father reads a story to a child while lying in bed.", "a male with a beard a book and a child in bed", "there is a man reading a book to a child while laying in the bed", "A man reading a book to a child in a bed.", "A man laying in bed with w child reading him a story"]
["Man wearing wetsuit walking with a blue surf board.", "A man walking along a beach in a wet suit.", "The man has a wet suit on to go in to the water. ", "A man walking on the beach carrying a surfboard.", "a male in a wet suit is carrying  a blue and white board"]
["Lots of people are surfing and swimming in the ocean.", "A group of people who are swimming in the ocean.", "Surfers and swimmers are playing in the ocean.", "One man laying on a surfboard whike another man is standing on his surfboard in the ocean.", "A surfer catches a wave while others wait for it to reach them."]
["A living room has modern white furniture and red walls.", "The furniture in the large living room looks new.", "A small living room with furniture, a window and fireplace.", "A living area with white leather furniture and a fireplace.", "A group of chairs sitting in a living room by a window."]
["White leather sofas with ottoman near lamps in orange living room.", "A living room is filled with living furniture. ", "A red living room decorated with with a white leather couch, love seat, chair and ottoman.", "a white couch that is in a red room", "a living room with couches and a lamp"]
["A little girl is sitting on her bed that has a flower bed spread.", "The little girl has a brightly colored room decorated with flowers. ", "A young girl on her bed in her room", "a little girl that is sitting on a bed", "A young girl sitting in her bed smiling"]
["A woman on sitting on top a bed.", "A woman smiling while sitting on a bed. ", "The young woman smiles as she sits on the bed. ", "A young woman sitting on a bed near a wallpapered wall.", "A young lady wearing a yellow dress setting on a large bed"]
["A group of men play a game of tennis together on a grass tennis court. ", "People are playing tennis on a grass court.", "some tennis players on a court with balls and rackets", "Several people on a tennis court that has several tennis balls on it.", "Guys on thegrass court playing a game of tennis"]
["A man stands on a tennis court while holding a tennis racket.", "The man has a tennis racket in his hand. ", "this is a man standing on a tennis court", "A male tennis player engaged in practice on asphalt.", "a man is holding a tennis racket on a court"]
["A person aiming the remote at the tv.", "A hand holding a remote control pointed at a television. ", "A hand holding a remote control aimed at a flat screen TV.", "A hand holding a remote aimed at the television.", "A mans hand holding a television remote pointed at the TV"]
["Laptop and mouse sits on desk in front of computer monitor", "A desk with a laptop, computer monitor and phone.", "A computer and laptop side by side with programs open.", "A laptop computer sits in front of a monitor with an email account open.", "A few computers and wires are on a desk."]
["a small pizza that is on a red plate", "A tomato and cheese pizza is sitting on a red plate. ", "a close up of a plate of sliced pizza ", "A whole pizza is on a red serving platter.  ", "A pizza on a red plate a ith to be served"]
["Picture of a person that is reading a book.", "A boy sitting on a chair with his laptop ", "A student using both a book and computer to study.", "A man is typing on his laptop in a large chair.", "A man sitting on a chair with a laptop on his lap."]
["Students in a study hall working on computers.", "a public library full of students and young adults.", "People working on computers in a crowded library.", "Clemson library with people seated at computers and desks. ", "An office of workers, laptop computers, and chairs"]
["A very pretty wooden board with a pizza on it.", "A pizza with spinach on top of the sauce and cheese", "Square pizza on wood paddle with green leaves on top", "The pizza is next to a plate of food.", "Heavily topped cut up pizza sitting on a peel."]
["A picture of two different types of pizzas on separate pans. ", "Two handmade pizzas sit on cookie sheets on top of the oven.", "There are two pans with pizzas on them. ", "Two pizzas sitting on top of metal pans.", "two uncooked pizzas covered in toppings sit in baking trays "]
["An oven filled with three pizzas covered in cheese.", "A home made pizza sitting on an oven rack ready to be cooked.", "A pizza being put into an oven where several pizzas already are.", "The uncooked pizza is sitting on the oven rack.", "a couple of pizzas are inside of a oven "]
["A blurry image of pizza with a fork, knife and drink", "A margarita pizza in a restaurant with a soda on the side. ", "a small pizza that is on a brown table", "a delicious lookign pizza has been cut and quarteered", "A pizza is sitting on a table, along with a drink and silverware."]
["Two pizzas are sitting in boxes with only one slice missing.", "a couple of pizzas that are sitting next to each other", "Slices have been taken from each of the two pizzas in boxes.", "These are two pizzas in pizza boxes with a slice out of them", "Two pizzas are sitting in boxes each with a slice taken out of it.", "Two pizzas are sitting in boxes each with a slice missing."]
["A woman holding a pizza up in the air.", "A beautiful woman holding a cheese pizza in her hands.", "A woman is diplaying a pizza that fits in her hands.", "a lady that is holding up a large pizza", " A woman holding a large pizza in a dark room."]
["Child wearing a helmet and holding a tennis racket.", "a close up of a young child wearing a helmet and holding a tennis racket", "A small child is holding a tennis racquet on the grass.", "A small child with a helmet on holding a tennis racket.", "A child wearing a helmet is holding a tennis racket."]
["a small white plate with a slice of pizza on it", "A slice of pizza on a white plate.", "A slice of pizza sitting on top of a white plate.", "One slice of pizza covered in parmesan cheese.", "an image of a slice of pizza on a plate"]
["A man holding a tennis racquet reaching into the sky.", "there is a man that is playing tennis on the court ", "A guy tossing the ball in the air getting ready to serve the ball in a game of tennis.", "A male tennis player in action on the court.", "The man is getting ready to serve the tennis ball."]
["Tennis player about to hit the ball back to opponent. ", "A man playing a game of tennis on a blue tennis court.", "The tennis player on a blue court has her racquet raised in the air.", "A tennis player is preparing to hit the ball.", "A tennis player in a blue and white outfit preparing to hit a tennis ball."]
["A man holding a slice of pizza at a wooden table.", "The young man is preparing to take a bite of his pizza.", "a boy or young man about to eat a large piece of pizza", "A man sitting at a table holding a large piece of pizza.", "An Asian man prepares to eat a giant piece of pizza."]
["People are sitting at a table and eating some pizza.", "A group of people sitting around a table filled with food.", "A group of people eating pizza at a restaurant table wit three pizzas on it.", "A woman looking down at some pizza's as she waits for others.", "people sitting around a table filled with a lot of pizzas "]
["Four people in a restaurant getting their photo taken at their table.", "A group of asian people eating pizza in a restaurant. ", "Family at a pizza restaurant posing for a picture before meal.", "a group of people pose at a pizza restaraunt", "Oriental family smiling at camera during a meal at a restaurant."]
["A group of people sitting at a table holding different pizzas.", "A family is having a pizza dinner at a restaurant", "A group of people sitting around a table with pizza on it.", "Several people that are eating some food together.", "a group of people sitting at a table with different pans of pizza "]
["A man standing on top of a tennis court holding a racquet.", "a tennis player on a court with a bucket of balls", "A man stands on a tennis court with a bucket of balls.", "A man on a tennis court with a basket of practice balls.", "A man standing by himself on a tennis court."]
["Crust topped with meat and vegetables on a stone pizza board.", "A pizza on a cutting board is topped by vegetables.", "A pizza topped with lots of veggies on a wooden table.", "A large pizza covered in vegetables and bacon", "A pizza is covered in greens and some kind of meat."]
["Pizza with toppings baking in oven with steel", "A pizza sitting inside of an oven cooking.", "A pizza with lots of toppings in cooking in the oven.", "A pizza with red peppers and olives bakes in an oven.", "A pizza is cooking on a board inside an oven."]
["A male tennis player engaged in a match.", "The tennis player in the blue shirt is standing on the tip of his toes. ", "A tennis player on a tennis court holding a racket.", "A man in a blue shirt leans back with his tennis racket.", "A tennis player winds up for a mighty serve."]
["A man holding a tennis ball and a tennis racquet.", "A tennis player holds the ball in front of him in preparation of a serve.", "a male tennis player on the court about to serve", "A tennis player prepares to serve the ball.", "A man is posed in mid swing about to serve a ball in tennis."]
["A shirtless man playing tennis on a blue court.", "an image of a shirtless man hitting tennis racket", "A man is standing on a court with a tennis racket.", "A man on a court swinging a tennis racket.", "This man is playing tennis without a shirt."]
["Someone picks up a slice of fresh pizza with one hand.", "A person lifts a slice of gooey pizza", "Cheesy pizza with tomatoes, onions and green peppers.", "a hand holding a slice of vegetable pizza  that contains tomatoes and green pepper,", "A cheesy pizza with tomatoes and other toppings."]
["a person cutting a pizza with a knife", "Pizza with tomato and green olives being cut by a big knife.", "A person slicing a tomato and olive pizza.", "A person slicing pizza in a box with a large knife.", "Someone who is cutting a slice of pizza."]
["A person is working at a computer with a remote control and camera next to the camera.", "A woman using a laptop computer on top of a wooden desk.", "two female hands and a black laptop and a camera and controller", "A person's hands are typing on a laptop keyboard that is sitting next to a remote control. ", "a table with a camera, a remote and a person using a laptop computer"]
["a baby girl with a tooth brush in her mouth", "A small child standing with a toothbrush in her mouth.", "a small child holding a toothbrush in their mouth", "A young child looks at the camera while holding a toothbrush.", "A baby girl standing up and holding a toothbrush in her mouth."]
["A man is using a toothbrush to clean his teeth.", "A man holding a toothbrush cleaning his teeth", "a male with a beard is brushing his teeth", "A close up view of a guy brushing his teeth.", "A man holding a blue toothbrush, brushing his teeth. "]
["A man is holding a wii controller while a Super Mario Bros book appears in the background.", "a closeup of a person's hands as it plays with a Wii controller in front of booklet with Mario and Luigi characters", "A person sitting and playing with a controller, with Mario in the back.", "A hand that is holding a remote control.", "hands holding a nintendo wiimote with instruction manuals on the table"]
["A living room area with some couches and a television", "A living room is shown with couches and a table.", "An empty dining room with leather furniture and a turned on TV. ", "A room that has two couches and a chair.", "Living room with a large window on one side of the room. "]
["A dog is asleep on the floor next to a couch.", "a woman with eye glasses laying on a coach next to a dog", "A dog sleeps at the foot of a couch where his person is lying", "Person reading a magazine on the couch while dog sleeps next to it.", "a person in a red top is laying on a brown couch"]
["A view of a living room with an Christmas tree on the left.", "A living room with a Christmas tree in it.", "A living area with a christmas tree in it", "An outdated living room area during Christmas season.", "A television and a table in a room."]
["A living room with hard wood floors filled with furniture.", "A couch and chair on a hardwood floor.", "A dog curls up on a couch to go to sleep. ", "A living room with lamps, a couch and a chair.", "A living room area has a wooden floor a gray couch and chair and several tables and lamps."]
["A man and a young boy play a wii game together.", "A man is teaching a young boy to play the wii.", "a man and a small kid play a video game ", "a person guiding a babys hands  at a video game", "Small child with red pants holding up a white controller to a TV. "]
["An overweight man leans back in order to play a video game.", "The person is facing a glass door and holding an object. ", "a male in a white shirt is playing a video game", "a man in a yellow shirt in front of some glass", "A young man plays a video game standing up."]
["A living area with a fan and furniture covered in white blankets.", "A room that the furniture is covered for home improvements.", "A fan is featured in a yellow room. ", "A ceiling fan in a room that is being prepped for painting.", "A yellow room with a ceiling fan and covered furniture. "]
["Two women sitting on the floor with gifts in a living room.", "A girl has presents in front of her near another woman and a dog on a living room floor.", "Two girls wrapping presents on a living room floor. ", "Two people sitting on the floor next to a pile of gifts.", "two females sitting on the carpet opening presents"]
["a light a few ceiling fans a bicycle a couch and windows", "A full view of a living room in a house. ", "A view of a living room from across the room, there are bikes everywhere.", "A room with a wooden floor and blue walls.", "A living room with blue walls and white trim."]
["Two smiling young people playing a game of Wii.", "A man and woman playing a video game together.", "A man and woman in a living room play against each other on a Wii.", "Two people are playing video games in a living room.", "Two people play a game on a Wii."]
["A little girl covering her mouth leaning on a chair.", "young girl with hand by mouth next to chair", "An adorable little girl holding her hand over her mouth.", "A little girl is covering her mouth by a chair", "A young girl covering her mouth as if she did something incorrectly."]
["A little girl standing in front of a TV holding a Nintendo Wii controller.", "A young girl playing a motion controlled video game", "A young child enjoying a video game in a living room.", "A child standing in front of a television holding a remote control.", "a young child standing by a tv playing wii bowling"]
["A young child holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.", "A girl is standing next to a chair holding a Wii controller.", "A very young child holding a remote in its hand.", "Little boy using a Wii remote control in the living room.", "A child stands near a chair and holds a Wii remote."]
["A man wearing glasses holding a Wii controller in one of his hands", "A young man holding a remote in a room with signs on the wall of the room.", "A man holding up a video game controller.", "A teenage boy holding a controller for the Wii gaming system. ", "A young man making a statement in a public room."]
["A man with a remote in a small room.", "Black and white photograph of a man with a Nintendo Wii controller.", "A boy using his Wii controller to play.", "A man untangles his Wii controller in his very messy bedroom.", "A man in a bedroom holds a Wii remote and bends down."]
["a man with eye glasses who is holding a wii remote", "A young man wearing glasses and a red shirt holding a small white device.", "A young man wearing a red sweatshirt is holding his Wii remotes. ", "boy posing in a boxing stance with his Wii controller", "boy with glasses and red shirt holding electronics"]
["A fat man is playing golf on the Wii.", "A man prepares to hit the ball in Wii golf.", "A man is playing a Wii golf game.", "A man holding a white Nintendo Wii game controller.", "A man lines up his shot while playing a video game"]
["Two men playing a video game in a room.", "Two men in a room playing on a Wii", "two men standing and pointing devices at a tv set", "Two men standing in a room playing a video game.", "A couple of men playing a video game in an office setting."]
["A monitor, two tablets and a laptop computer sitting on a table.", "A picture of four computer and tablet devices.", "a couple of different kinds of computers are next to each other", "There is a  desktop, laptop, phone and tablets being displayed. ", "assorted electronic devices sitting together in a photo"]
["A desktop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "A computer is turned on on top of a desk.", "\nA desktop computer sits upon a cluttered desk", "A desk containing a computer monitor and keyboard.", "Computer station with one computer and many accessories."]
["Computer on the desk at nighttime in front of a window.", "Two computer screens sit on a desk, and one is turned on.", "A keyboard and two monitors sitting on a desk in front of a window.", "A desk with two computer monitors and a keyboard on it.", "two monitors and keyboard sitting next to a big window"]
["The two monitors are sitting among the laptops.", "Several computer monitors and keyboards sitting on the same desk. ", "A desk with two laptops, two computers, headphones and a cell phone. ", "Two laptops and two desktops make up this computer station. ", "A table full of laptops and two monitors are powered on."]
["A close up of a computer keyboard that has only buttons", "A white computer keyboard sits on a gray desk top.", "The keyboard is white and is partially shown in the picture.", "The computer keyboard seems to have a light inside it.", "A white keyboard is sitting on a desk."]
["Several young people sitting in a living room with the lights off.", "A GROUP OF PEOPLE ARE SITTING TOGETHRE IN A LIVING ROOM", "a group of teens sitting in a living room while one looks at a phone book", "Several people are sitting and visiting in a living room.", "Picture of some people talking in a room."]
["A living room filled with furniture and a black piano.", "A living room with piano, sofa, and table in it.", "A room with couches, tables and potted plant", "A living room with a piano in it and carpeted floors. ", "An elegant living room scene with a large black grand piano"]
["A elegant and spacious living room in white.", "An ornate living room set sits in a large house.", "A fancy living room displays a couch and coffee table.", "a living room with a couple of couches inside of it ", "Large elegantly set up living room in a large house."]
["A group of people lounging in a living room.", "A woman sitting on a couch next to a young man.", "A man and two women sitting in a dimly lit living room. ", "This image is of people lounging around in a living room.", "three people relaxing and chilling in a living room."]
["A picture of buildings with a clock tower in front.", "A architecture picture of a clock tower and the surrounding buildings. ", "A grey clock tower above grassy area and building.", "A municipal building with a tall clock tower framed against a blue sky", "A tall clock tower in front of a group of buildings in a park like area."]
["a large tower that has a clock on top", "a tall clock tower with trees in the foreground ", "A large clock tower above some snowy trees.", "A black and white shot shows evergreens, bare shade trees, and bushes that slightly obstruct the view of a building with a low roof in comparison to its  clock tower, which stands more than twice as tall as the evergreens, against a grey sky.  ", "A clock tower jutting skyward on a snowy winter day"]
["A clock reads almost 3 o clock above a dining room table", "A large clock mounted to the side of a wall.", "A clock displayed on the wall above a table with a laptop on it", "An empty living room with the sunlight coming in.", "View of a dining room table at 2:50."]
["A man on skies with a parachute attempting to ski with it.", "a person riding skis and holding a parachute ", "A person on a snowy field handling a red chute.", "A man flying a kite over a snow covered field.", "The man wrestles in the snow with the large red tent."]
["A man is flying a kite in the air.", "people on a beach flying kites in the sky", "A group of people flying a kite on the beach.", "A person flying a kite on the beach.", "A person flying a kite on the beach."]
["A kite is flying in the air at a park.", "A grassy field with a kite in the sky in the background.", "Person in a green park fling a kite.", "BOY IN THE PARK, INCLUDING A KITE AND A DOG", "a kite flying in the air over a field of green grass"]
["A dog chasing a kite that is flying.", "A kite is flying over a dog in a grass field.", "The dog is chasing the kite in the field.", "a cat a kite some grass some cars and buildings", "A dog jumping up into the air under a colorful kite."]
["A large inflatable whale sitting on top of a beach.", "A kite fashioned to look like a whale on a beach.", "a large whale kite some buildings and people", "Very large balloon depicting whale on display at beach.", "this is a whale balloon in a parking lot"]
["A group of people at the beach flying kites", "A group of people standing next to a palm tree forest.", "A hang glider gliding over a beach with palm trees.", "A small group of people fly a kite next to palm trees.", "People on a beach near palm trees flying a kite."]
["a person is flying a kite in a field", "The boy is running as he tries to fly his kite.", "A person running with a kite in the tall grass.", "A boy is flying a kite in a field. ", "A small boy flying a lite in a big grassy field."]
["A cool looking kite that is on the sand.", "Kites are flying around and are anchored on the beach.", "Several large kites being flown at the beach.", "There is a very large ballon flying over the beach ", "An inflatable cartoon balloon on a beach in front of buildings."]
["A group of people flying kites over a beach next to the ocean.", "People on a beach flying kites and sitting under umbrellas.", "A crowded beach with many kites flying in the sky.", "a beach with many fly kites being flown around.", "Variety of clouds flown on semi crowded beach."]
["a little girl walking on a beach with an umbrella", "A little girl holding a kite on dirt road.", "A young girl on a beach flying a kite", "A young child is carrying her kite while outside.", "A small child holding a kite and eating a treat"]
["A person flies a kite in a grassy field. ", "Guy out in the park flying a triangle tubed kite", "A man stands n a field flying a triangular prism kite.", "A man is flying a kite while others bicycle in the background.", "A man in a park area flying a kite"]
["A pitcher getting ready to hit a baseball.", "a man uses a bat gets ready to try and hit a ball ", "A baseball player holding a bat next to home plate.", "people in the field playing baseball one holding a bat", "A player at bat in a baseball game."]
["A kite that is laying down in the sand.", "Several people flying things in the air on the beach. ", "A very large kite and people are on the beach.", "A closeup of a kite with other kites flying in the background on the beach ", "A big kite lays on the beach as others fly in the air. "]
["A man flying a kite in a cloudy blue sky.", "a man flying a box kite on a clear day", "A man flying a large kite with two strings for controlling it.", "Guy stands on the beach flying a rectangle kite high up in the sky", "A man in black vest flying a kite on beach."]
["a person that is flying a kite through the sky", "A person flying a kite into a large tree in a paddock", "Person playing with a kite in a park in front of a tree.", "A man is flying a kite high above a tree.", "The woman is looking at the kite above the tree."]
["a couple of people that are flying some kites", "People playing with kites in a park on a clear day.", "A small girl flying a kite on a sandy road.", "a woman playing with a kite hods it in front of her", "a girl in a white shirt is flying a red kite"]
["A man flying a kite on a lush green field.", "Man flying yellow kite in a a grassy field.", "Kite flying, unusual designed,   orange oval shaped with man dressed in blue jacket, head cap but wearing shorts, on grass plateau, mountain back ground partly cloudy blue sky. ", "A person standing in a green field over looking a valley and mountains flying a kite.", "A PERSON FLYING A KITE IN A REMOTE AREA."]
["A woman with good posture sits at a wooden desk with an open laptop.", "A woman sitting at her desk working on a laptop.", "a woman sitting at her computer desk working with her computer.", "A young woman sitting at a wooden desk watching Youtube on a laptop computer at home", "The girl posing for the photo is sitting at a desk with a laptop. "]
["Bunch of people out on the small hill flying kites", "People move about the grass under a partly cloudy blue sky.", "A large grassy field is shown with several people enjoying the day.", "Group of people on grassy field near castle by seashore.", "People flying kites in a large green park by the ocean"]
["A clock that is on the side of a tower above a building.", "Adults looking out from balcony of building on cloudy day.", "A strip of stores in a building with a clock tower on top.", "People on a balcony in a building in black and white", "a black and white photo of a building clock and people and trees"]
["A person standing next to the ocean while flying a kite.", "A person is flying a kite on the beach.", "A person flying a kite on the beach.", "The person is flying his kite on the beach. ", "A person flies a kite along a cloudy beach on a clear day."]
["A table topped with a personal note and a clock.", "A broken clock and a note from a maid to a hotel guest regarding the damage.", "a close up of a note written on a piece of paper ", "a small cock with a note next to it", "A note that is next to a broken watch."]
["A large metal clock in the middle of a room.", "A gold clock on a marble pedestal with a statute above.", "A gold object sits behind some guard ropes", "A very upscale room decorated with gold and marble.", "An elaborate marble clock roped off in a hallway"]
["A child on a beach flying a kite.", "A boy is flying a kite on the beach", "A boy in black sweater standing on beach flying a kite.", "A young boy who is on the beach flying a kite.", "A child is standing on a beach looking up at a kite.  "]
["A guy up to bat in a action in a baseball game.", "A pitcher and batter in a baseball game.", "A pitcher throwing a baseball at a player at bat.", "A young man holding a baseball while wearing a uniform.", "A pitcher throws a pitch to an awaiting batter. "]
["A baseball player swinging his bat at a baseball.", "Batter taking a swing at the ball during baseball game", "A baseball player hit the ball with his bat.", "A baseball player strikes a ball with his baseball bat.", "The baseball player is hoping for a hit."]
["Baseball players standing at home plate making a play at a ball. ", "A man in a baseball uniform holding a wooden bat in both hands.", "A man holds a bat out in front of him with a bat.", "A batter is punting the ball at a game.", "A batter hits a ball and the catcher prepares for a miss"]
["A man watching a baseball go by while holding a bat.", "A group of men on a field playing baseball.", "Man watching ball come past him with baseball bat raised", "A man with a bat that is standing in the dirt.", "A baseball, umpire, and catcher standing at home plate."]
["A clock on side of building with skyline in background.", "A large white clock mounted to the side of a  building.", "A clock that is hanging over a city street.", "An ornate clock hands on an iron post near city buildings.", "A clock hanging off the side of building."]
["A man that is holding a baseball bat.", "A fat zombie in the grocery store and a man with a bat", "The large man is walking down the grocery aisle.", "Two men standing in a store aisle with one holding a baseball bat.", "Two actors are posing in a supermarket aisle."]
["a group of baseball players playing baseball at a field", "a man is holding a base ball bat and striking the ball at a game", "a person hitting a baseball with their bat", "A group of men play baseball wearing uniforms from the 1800's.", "A baseball player wearing an old fashioned uniform hitting the ball."]
["A large white clock tower sitting in the middle of a city.", "A group of buildings and people with umbrellas walking near a parking lot.", "A IMAGE OF A CITY PARKING LOT WITH CARS IN IT ", "People walk with umbrellas on a rainy day.", "A large white building with a big clock tower at one corner."]
["A bearded ginger stands outside of a batting cage while holding a baseball bat.", "A man holding a bat outside of a batting cage.", "A man holds a bat awaiting his turn in the batting cages.", "A man stands outside a batting cage with a bat.", "a man holds a baseball bat near a fence"]
["A group of men on a field playing baseball.", "A batter stepping up to the plate at a baseball game.", "An umpire and bats man wait on a ball to be thrown", "A batter prepares to take his place at home base.", "A baseball player, umpire and a catcher at home plate."]
["A catcher is returning the ball to the pitcher while the batter waits. ", "A baseball player at bat in a game", "A baseball player is getting ready to bat.", "A baseball game in progress with the batter up to plate.", "Spectators watching a professional baseball game's action closely"]
["A woman standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A woman picking up a ball with a tennis racquet.", "Three people with racquets stand on a tennis court. ", "a person with a tennis racket picks up a tennis ball ", "A woman tries to scoop a tennis ball with her racket."]
["A man in sandals playing tennis with two rackets", "a man holding two tennis racquets on a tennis court", "A man holding two tennis rackets stands poised on a court. ", "A tennis player is holding two rackets in his hands.", "a guy waiting to hit a ball with two rackets in his hands"]
[" A man is placing items on a pizza in a pan ", "There is a man cutting something up over what looks like a homemade pizza.", "A man in a kitchen putting toppings on a pizza", "The man is cutting ingredients onto a pizza.", "A man is preparing a pizza on a trey."]
["female tennis player running to intercept the ball", "A woman standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A woman in a white dress holding a racquet.  ", "A tennis player running and looking up to find the ball.", "A tennis player is getting ready to hit a ball."]
["A woman throwing in tennsi ball in the air holding a tennis racquet.", "Lady throwing up ball to hit with tennis racket.", "A woman serving a tennis ball on a tennis court.", "A girl preparing to hit a tennis ball with a tennis racket.", "The femqle tennis player is serving the ball."]
["Player preparing to serve ball while referees look on during match play.", "A tennis match in session while the crowd looks on. ", "a male tennis player is on the court about to hit the ball", "A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet and a ball.", "A group of people on a court playing tennis."]
["A woman standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "Woman in a white outfit swinging at a tennis ball. ", "A woman is on a tennis court getting ready to hit a ball.", "Woman playing tennis at the Australian Open tournament", "a blond woman wearing white is playing tennis"]
["An uncooked pizza sitting on top of a wooden spatula.", "A wooden board with a pizza to be cooked on it", "A hand tossed pizza is shown on a pizza board", "There is an uncooked pizza on a pizza peel", "A pizza sits on top of a wooden paddle."]
["Man with tennis racket on green turf in front of a goal", "this man is playing tennis in the grass", "A man is on the ground at a tennis court with his hand extended and racket out.", "A tennis player falling to the ground and wincing.", "A man holding a tennis racquet on top of a green field."]
["A woman on a court with a tennis racket.", "there is a female tennis player playing on the court", "A tennis player in a white dress stands on the baseline with her racket in the air.", "A woman swinging her tennis racket on the tennis court. ", "A woman playing tennis reaches forward with her racket while spectators watch from bleachers."]
["A beautiful young lady holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A woman running with a tennis racket ", "an image of a female tennis player returning a serve", "a tennis player holding a racket on a tennis court ", "People watching a professional tennis match on a grass court"]
["an image of a church that is on a steeple", "a tower on top of a building with a sky background", "A brick building with a clock on its front exterior.", "A clock on the side of a building near a tree.", "A cobblestone building with a tower protruding from the top."]
["An old brown building has a clock on it.", "A series of buildings are shown down a street.", "Some stone buildings stand with colorful flags flying between them.", "A small city is shown with old churches", "There are some buildings and a clock on one."]
["A computer and a laptop on a desk next to a tobacco pipe.", "A laptop computer is attached to an external monitor and keyboard on a desk.", "The lap top keyboard light-up feature makes the keys easier to see.", "THIS IS A MESSY DESK WITH BOTH A LAP TOP AND DESK TOP COMPUTER", "A desk with computer equipment, books and a phone."]
["an open laptop sitting on a wooden desk.", "An open laptop sitting on top of desk. ", "An old laptop computer sitting on a desk", "A laptop with a picture on its screen on a desktop.", "An open laptop with an image on the screen, sitting on a desk."]
["a laptop head phones and an mp3 player", "A laptop and accessories are sitting on a desk.", "A laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.", "A laptop is connected with many wires in order to charge the equipment.", "Bright, but minimal, light shows a wood surface with a laptop  and a scattering of peripheral equipment."]
["there is a green clock in the street", "A green clock sitting in front of a tall building.", "A large green clock with figures on top.", "a photo of a green street clock with gold numbers ", "A green clock with a running scene on the bottom. "]
["A large metal clock hanging off the side of a tall building.", "That clock seems to be mounted on a building.", "There is a big clock on the building. ", "Fancy clock with human figures for parts, stands outside of building", "a close up of a clock on a pole on a city street"]
["A woman laying in bed while using a laptop computer.", "A woman in a polka dot top laying in a bed", "A woman laying in a bed with a laptop computer open and on her lap area.", "A woman propped up in bed using a laptop computer.", "a lady on her bed with a laptop smiling"]
["a dark brown clay pot with a snake design on one side", "A large vase that has been placed outside.", "A brown vase sitting inside of rocks next to a set of green plants.", "The large vase is on the ground outside.", "The big brown vase is sitting outside on the ground."]
["an image of a woman sitting down on a couch with laptop", "a person sitting on a couch with a lap top on their lap.", "a close up of person sitting with a laptop", "Closeup of a person whose legs show a lot of veins.", "A lady sitting on a couch with a laptop."]
["A woman watching her computer screen in a dark room", "A woman sits with an open laptop computer on her lap.", "a woman wearing a black top is looking at a laptop", "A woman is covering her mouth reacting to something she is watching.", "A woman is in the dark with her hand to her mouth."]
["a man that is typing on his laptop", "A man sitting in front of a laptop computer at a table.", "A man working on a computer at a table.", "A man is working on his laptop and papers are lying about.", "A man is using his laptop in a library"]
["A couple of people sitting down by a wall.", "A girl working on a laptop next to a man on an music player.", "A woman sitting next to a man using a laptop computer.", "A woman and a man enjoying their audio devices.", "Two people with headphones are sitting against the wall."]
["A woman is talking on the phone in front of a laptop.", "A woman sitting at a table in front of a laptop talking on the phone.", "A lady at a table with a laptop computer talking on her telephone.", "Woman talking on cellphone in front of personal computer.", "A woman sitting at a computer desk talking on a phone."]
["A European street of historic red-brick buildings and a spire rising in the background.", "a big building that has a clock tower on it", "City square of old brick buildings and clock tower in middle", "Several people are walking through a town square.", "A nice european city with some towers in it"]
["a person sitting on the ground with a laptop ", "A man is seated on a floor with a computer and some papers.", "A male college student sits on a classroom floor looking over notes with a laptop on his lap. ", "The young man is setting in the floor with his computer ear an outlet.", "Student sitting on the floor using a plugged in laptop."]
["A man with a laptop on his desk is sitting in front of a computer desk.", "A man is sitting at a desk with a desktop computer on it while he uses a laptop.  ", "He must need two computers for his job.", "a man and his laptop at a desk in an office", "A man in a chair holding a laptop in his lap at a desk with a standard compute on it."]
["A group of people walking around a train station.", "an ornate bus station with a grand clock in it", "A large long hallway with many doors to the sides and a large window at the end with a clock.", "A terminal with benches and several people walking around", "A very large building with the sun shining through the windows."]
["A young bot sitting at a desk using a laptop computer.", "Smiling boy in red shirt using laptop on the kitchen table.", "Young boy with red shirt and jeans sits at desk in front of laptop computer", "A young boy stares at the computer screen while he does his homework in the cluttered kitchen.", "A young boy using a lap top by a table"]
["A cat sitting on a laptop computer with it's mouse reaching for the mouse pad.", "A cat stretches it's paw out across a laptop keyboard", "A black and white cat partially sitting on a laptop sleeping.", "A cat with its paws on a laptop keyboard.", "A cat rests its paw near the trackpad of a laptop. "]
["a woman sits in a chair while using a laptop", "A women is sitting on the floor with a coffee and laptop.", "A woman sitting near a window indoors and using her laptop.", "A woman sitting on a beanbag chair on her laptop.", "A woman that is sitting down with a laptop."]
["Two dogs destroying a brown teddy bear by ripping out it's stuffing.", "Two dogs with a ripped up teddy bear", "A dog laying beside a teddy bear with it stuffing coming out", "Dogs sit near destroyed stuffed animal on carpet", "2 dogs sit on a wooden floor near the toy they destroyed."]
["An alcoholic beverage besides a laptop within a restaurant ", "a laptop on a wooden table near a drink", "A laptop sitting on a picnic table with a glass of beer.", "A laptop is on a table with a frosty beverage nearby.", "A beverage in a glass on a table next to a laptop."]
["A brass clock mounted onto a building near a patch of trees.", "A clock with roman numerals that is attached to a building.", "A decorative clock hanging on a stone building.", "A fancy clock graces the corner of this old building. ", "A public clock with ornate art deco figurines of women supporting it"]
["A baby is sitting on a bed playing with a laptop computer.", "A baby using a laptop computer on a bed", "A baby sitting in front of a laptop computer on top of a bed.", "A baby girl plays with a laptop computer.", "Small child sits on a bed and touches a laptop keyboard. "]
["A baby sitting on a bed using a laptop computer.", "a toddler playing with a laptop on a bed", "A baby on a bed looks like it is typing on a laptop.", "A small baby is on a bed with a computer.", "A baby is playing on a laptop and having fun. "]
["A baby sits on a bed and plays with a laptop computer.", "A baby is amused by the open laptop. ", "A baby playing with a laptop on a bed.", "A baby is on a bed playing with a computer.", "A baby sitting on a baby reaching for a laptop. "]
["A baby is playing in bed with a laptop", "A baby is sitting and has her hands on a laptop keyboard. ", "A small child in pajamas playing with a laptop", "a baby with a yellow onsie on playing with a laptop", "A baby sitting on a clean bed touches a laptop."]
["A baby sits on a bed, laughing, with a laptop computer open.", "A baby girl smiling while sitting in front of an open laptop computer.", "a baby sitting on a bed by a laptop", "The baby is sitting on the bed reaching for the laptop.", "A bay smiles sitting on a bed looking at a laptop computer."]
["A laptop open with images on the screen. ", "A laptop on laying on a bed ", "A laptop on sitting on a bed. ", "A laptop can even be used while in bed.", "A laptop computer sitting on top of a bed."]
["The microwave and the television were set at the street for recycling.", "A television and microwave are on the sidewalk.", "a microwave and a old tv out by the street.", "A microwave and a television sitting on the street. ", "A white microwave oven sitting next to a TV on a sidewalk."]
["A faux fire place that has yet to be fully assembled.", "A room with chairs and a clock and a floor.", "A woodworking project in the middle of a kitchen.", "A desk is displayed in a living room with a clock.", "There is a wooden fireplace being built in this room."]
["A woman in a blue tank top holding a smart phone.", "A woman is sitting crossed leg on a deck with her phone in hand ", "Young woman in green shirt sitting down looking at her phone. ", "A young woman sits crossed legged on a brick wall while typing on her smartphone.", "Young lady sitting cross-legged on a wall texting"]
["a women that is sitting on a brick wall with a cell phone", "A young girl sitting on the sidewalk using her phone.", "A woman sitting on top of a brick wall looking at a phone.", "A woman sitting on a brick wall using a cell phone.", "there is a woman that is sitting and using her phone "]
["A woman on a cell phone standing on a street.", "A girl with a backpack texting on the sidewalk.", "A woman holding a smart device in her hands.", "A young woman checks here cell phone on a city street.", "a girl wearing a back pack using her cell phone"]
["A beautiful young lady sitting on a cement block in front of a gray car.", "A woman sitting on a ledge, talking on a cell phone.", "A girl is talking on the phone in public\n", "A person that is on her cell phone.", "A woman sitting on a ledge talking on a cell phone."]
["Some shirtless guys hanging around near each other.", "three men wearing no shirts standing around, one looking at his phone", "Three shirtless men standing near each other with palm trees in the background.", "few guys hanging out together on the sidewalk", "a group of men stand by some booths selling some items "]
["A man holding  up a smart phone wih a yellow banana case.", "A man smiles and holds a phone in his hand.", "There is a flip phone in a banana shaped case", "A smiling man holding an open flip style cell phone.", "a close up of a person holding a cell phone with a banana case"]
["a girl with glasses standing in a kitchen", "A pretty young lady wearing black glasses in front of a tiled wall.", "a smiling white female with black rimmed glasses", "A girl with big black rimmed glasses grinning at the camera.", "A smiling woman with glasses in a pantry."]
["A woman on a cell phone on a street.", "Woman in a dress and boots talk on her cell phone while walking.", "Person walking while talking on a cell phone.", "A woman walking down a street in a  short dress.", "a woman walking down the road while talking on her cell phone "]
["A woman sitting talking on a phone next to a flag.", "A woman is on the phone next to a flag and a lamp.", "A woman on a cell phone by an American Flag.", "A young woman sitting in a chair using a phone.", "A woman sitting down talking on a phone and writing"]
["A young man is using his cell phone.", "A guy pushes buttons on his cell phone. ", "Man of person wearing blue jeans pressing buttons on a phone.", "A person's hand touching keys on a cell phone.", "A person wearing blue jeans holding a cellphone near their leg."]
["A man leaning on a brick wall talking on a phone.", "A man that is leaning against a wall with a cellphone.", "A man leaning up against a brick wall while talking on a phone.", "A boy leaning against a brick wall and talking on his phone.", "A man on a cell phone leans against a brick wall."]
["A man who is looking at his cell phone.", "A man that is holding a cellphone in his hand.", "A man looks at a cell phone in a restaurant.", "A young man looks at his cell phone while at a restaurant.", "A man holding up a smart phone in his right hand."]
["A close up of a blackberry cell phone.", "A closeup of a smartphone resting on a table.", "A close-up of a phone with a QWERTY keyboard.", "A smart phone device sitting on top of a table.", "A BlackBerry like phone is shown, which is black in color.", "Cell phone lying flat with a tiny tray for \"jumpers\" siting on it."]
["Closeup of a cellphone with a keyboard and a computer keyboard in the background.", "a close up picture of a cell phone", "An open laptop computer on a table displaying the keyboard.", "A close up shot of a cell phone.", "a close up of a phone sitting on some keys "]
["Closeup of a hand holding a black cellphone.", "A person holding up a cell phone displaying menu of icons.", "a person is shown holding on to a phone ", "A samsung cell phone being held in a a hand with a missed alerts message on the screen.  ", "There is a phone showing missed alerts on the screen"]
["A hand holding a remote control in the palm.", "A hand holds a small, black remote control.", "someone is holding in their hands a very old mp3 player", "a close up of a person holding an electronic device", "A GPS made by Samsung being used by a person."]
["A hand holding a smartphone with a small screen.", "A man holding his Sprint cell phone with the words Upstage across the screen.", "A person holding a cell phone in their hand.", "A Caucasian hand holding a black cell phone.", "An all black sprint cell phone with a camera. "]
["A smiling girl is talking on a phone.", "A woman is on the phone on a porch.", "a woman talks on a phone in front of a slide out glass", "a woman talks on her cell phone next to glass doors", "A girl sitting outside talking on her cell phone."]
["A group of different appliances sitting on top of a table.", "This is a picture if a kitchen with a small fridge", "A makeshift kitchen including a mini-fridge, microwave, and coffee brewer.", "a refrigerator, microwave and coffee maker in a room", "a black microwave on a white box in a room"]
["A crock pot on top of a microwave on top of a refrigerator.", "A crock pot and a microwave sitting on a fridge.", "a close up of a microwave on an appliance ", "There's a crock pot on the top of that MicroWave.", "A crockpot sitting on top of a microwave. "]
["A lady holding a pan with a big turkey in an open oven.", "A woman is taking the cooked turkey out of the oven", "Woman pulling large roaster with roast chicken in it", "A woman is taking a turkey out of the oven.", "Woman removing a roast turkey and stuffing from a home oven,"]
["A refrigerator in a kitchen next to cabinets.", "A kitchen wooden cabinet next to a white fridge.", "A white refrigerator has black writing on it.", "Two tiny stuffed decorations and a cereal box and storage container sit atop a refrigerator, close to a hand-scrawled message on the door.", "A kitchen with wooden cabinets and a white refrigerator. "]
["A dilapidated room with a plaster chunked floor is equipped with debris ridden chairs and a tiny vintage refrigerator.", "Two chairs and a refrigerator are in a room with crumbling walls.", "An open refrigerator in a home in disrepair.", "Abandoned building interior with open refrigerator and two chairs", "An old cement house has two dusty looking chairs."]
["A woman sitting in front of a white refrigerator freezer.", "the woman is sitting on the floor touching the fridge", "A woman in a red sweatshirt sitting on the floor. ", "A woman in a red shirt sits on the floor arranging magnets on a refrigerator.", "A young lady reading the writing on a refrigerator door."]
["A tall maroon clock in the middle of park.", "A pole with a clock on top in the middle of a park.", "A clock on a pedestal at the entrance to a park.", "A clock tower with Roman numerals is on the sidewalk.", "The red clock is in the center of the street."]
["A person stands on a public market sign while others look on.", "A woman in black stands up near a group of large, red letters and a large clock.", "A person is posed up high on a neon sign.", "A large red neon sign with a circular red clock.", "A woman is posing for a picture in a large neon sign."]
["an odd looking blender with three serving glasses ", "The vase is on display in the museum.", "A drink maker sitting on a silver counter.", "A blender on display next to some small glasses.", "A blender sitting next to a  counter near a plaque."]
["There is a blender with a green mixture in it", "A green substance is in an electric blender.", "This is a top view of a blender with a green liquid in it. ", "A glass pitcher on a blender filled with green liquid.", "A blender with a green liquid in it. "]
["A blender has some sort of liquid inside. ", "The blender is full pink stuff with dots of black in it.", "A blender containing a pink smoothie, resting on a counter.", "A glass blender filled with pink goo in a kitchen.", "a purple smoothie inside of a blender bleneded"]
["A kitchen counter with a blender of ground gingersnaps.", "A blender with a mixture in it sitting on a counter.", "a cluttered counter with a blender and a toaster ", "an electronic blender on a counter near a toaster", "A blender on a counter next to a cup, cookies and a soda. "]
["A little girl holding a blow dryer next to her head.", "A little kid gets help using a hair dryer.", "Small child in blue shirt holds up blowdryer in hand. ", "An adult helps a young child hold a hair dryer.", "A little girl is blow drying her hair. "]
["A young boy wearing a blue shirt standing next to a woman.", "An adult using a hair dryer on a child", "Woman using a blow dryer on a distracted child.", "a little girl getting her hair dry with a blow dryer", "a child with long wet hair has his hair blow dried"]
["A woman sitting in a living room in front of a window.", "a woman sitting on the bed while she brushes her hair ", "A woman on a bed in a room.", "The woman is playing with her hair while on the sofa bed", "A woman sitting on a pullout couch combing her hair with her fingers."]
["A lovely dinner and a bottle of wine", "A table with a bottle of wine and a plate of food including a sweet potato and pineapple salad.", "A very fancy looking dish of food on a dining table.", "A sandwich with various toppings next to a sweet potato.", "a couple of big slabs of meat with foot on top of them"]
["Lady with a slice of piece in front of a stack of pizza boxes.", "Friends eating takeout pizza on the back deck at night", "a woman eating pizza on a plate watching some one or something", "A woman in a blue sweatshirt reaching for a slice of pizza/", "A man and a woman sit at a table, the woman has a plate of pizza."]
["A white plate topped with different types of food.", "Plate with five different appetizers on a table.", "A plate of faux sushi sits on a restaurant table.", "A combination of creamy, fish and bean foreign food is on a plate.", "A plate with a variety of breads that are topped, a vegetable puree, and a creamy salad of peas."]
["Two teddy bears that are hanging on a line.", "this is stuffed teddy bears sitting in the grass", "two little teddy bears attached to a clothes line with clothes pins ", "Pair of colorful stuffed bears hanging on line in backyard.", "Two teddy bears are hung by an ear on a clothesline"]
["A smiling little girl hugging a teddy bear.", "A child smiling as they hold a teddy bear. ", "Smiling girl in pigtails hugging a stuffed bear.", "a close up of a kid holding a studded animal", "A young girl holds a teddy bear in front of the camera."]
["A cart of finger foods including sandwiches with a group of teddy bears around the plates.", "a number of stuffed animals near many plates of pastries ", "A group of teddy bears on a cart loaded with food", "The teddy bears are posed as if they are eating. ", "A display of teddy bears and sugary snacks"]
["Teddy bears are on a table with pieces of cake.", "A table topped with platters filled with cake and food.", "a bunch of cupcakes and pieces of cake, on a table with three stuffed bears", "Four stuffed bears are seated next to a selection of pastries.", "Teddy bears having a picnic of lamingtons and cup cakes"]
["A table with teddy bears, sandwiches and other items.", "A group of three bears sitting next to each other.", "a number of stuffed animals sitting near pastries", "A table containing an arrangement of teddy bears, a teddy bear book and some desserts.", "Stuffed teddy bears looking over variety of desert treats."]
["A clock that reads 9:11 is sitting against the wall. ", "A clock that is on the wall next to a curtain.", "a corner of a room with a clock up against the ceiling edge", "A small black clock hanging on a wall.", "A corner of a room with gray walls and gray curtains has a black clock hanging."]
["A large black and silver clock in a display case.", "a small clock that is in side of a case", "A square black clock is on a clear glass table.", "A large metal clock in a clear display.", "A wind up clock with key in a display case."]
["Big Ben towering over the city of London with it's massive clock.", "An old photo of the clock in the Tower of London.", "A large and tall clock in a big city", "A old photo of a large clock tower in Britain. ", "A large clock tower in the middle of a city."]
["A watery glass jar full of blooming flowers", "A vase filled with yellow and white flowers.", "A glass jar is filling with white and yellow flowers.", "A glass vase is holding a bunch of flowers.", "Tall glass mug shaped vase with yellow flowers"]
["A glass mug being used a vase for white and yellow flowers.", "A vase that has flowers inside of it.", "Daffodils with white petals sit in a bunch.", "A vase filled with flowers sitting next to a wall.", "A group of yello and white daffodils in a vase"]
["an assortment of some colorful vases on display on a table ", "An assortment of small, multicolored ceramic pots in a room.", "pot like models on a table well molded", "A photo of a dozen little painted gourds.", "A group of hand painted vases are on a table."]
["A vase filled with white and yellow flowers.", "A rock sitting on a table with flowers growing out of it.", "Several white flowers in a small pot designed to look like a rock.", "A rock vase that has flowers inside of it.", "There is something captured here in this photo.\n"]
["A vase filled with lots of flowers on a table.", "Wilting roses and greenery in a metal vase.", "Wilted flowers are in a vase on a stainless steel counter.", "A vase with some drooping flowers in it.", "Odd plant and flower arrangement in a vase."]
["A glass vase with some red water inside. ", "A clear red vase on table next to a plant.", "A vase is red and made of glass.", "The large glass vase is a dark red color.", "A red glass vase next to a some sticks by it."]
["A collection of scissors and candles place on a table. ", "A tray of scissors is on a table with a lamp and candles.", "a tray filled with scissors and a lamp", "A group of scissors are on a glass tabletop.", "Many large scissors sit on a tray on a table."]
["A poodle is laying on the back of a green couch. ", "a dog lays on the back of a couch", "A dog sleeping on the top edge of a couch.", "A dog is sitting on a couch looking over the top.", "A dog with a pink bow on head, leaning over a couch in livingroom."]
["Two brown bears sitting on top of a black and white checkered bed.", "Stuffed animals of various sizes grouped together on a bed.", "Stuffed animals stacked together on a bed with a checkered sheet.", "a close up of many stuffed animals on a bed", "THERE ARE A LOT OF STUFF TOYS ON THE BED"]
["A man sitting down on a chair at a table with food.", "In the background people appear to be selecting from a buffet, while in the foreground a young man smiles, seated before an empty plate that rests on a table with glassware, while close to him rests a full plate and a hand with a devise in it.  ", "A smiling man eating at a table with people behind him.", "A man that is sitting at a table.", "This man looks pleased with the food he has been eating."]
["Some people are sitting at a table and making sandwiches.", "A group of people sitting around a table with food.", "A group of people eating together at a table", "Group of people sitting down at a table and eating together. ", "A family sits down to a hearty meal. "]
["A brioche, cantaloupe and cup of tea on a table. ", "There is a glass of alcohol sitting beside the bread.", "a close up of fruit and a cup on a table ", "A croissant, cantaloupe, and a mug of hot tea.", "A glass of beer beside a melon and a croissant"]
["Two croissants are on a plate with orange juice and coffee.", "Usually people use jam for croissants like what we see on the table.", "There is a chocolate drink, orange juice, croissant, and jelly for breakfast.", "A plate of food and some cups of drink on a table.", "A breakfast of croissants, jam, orange juice, and coffee."]
["Two people are finishing a meal in a restaurant.", "two people sitting at a table with plates and cups", "Two people sit at a table and one has a dark shirt while the other a white shirt.", "A woman contemplating something with a coffee cup.", "Friends having a cup of tea at the end of a long meal at a restaurant"]
["A woman with beautiful breast sitting at a table.", "a person sitting at a table with food and a drink", "Young women gazing pensively left while sitting in a restaurant.", "A woman sits beside a brick wall at a small table in a restaurant.", "A woman is resting her head on her hands"]
["A bunch of people at a table eating.", "People sitting at a table with soup and drink.", "People sitting at a table and eating soup.", "Men and women sitting at a table with bowls of soup and drinks.", "a number of people at a table with plates of food "]
["A wooden table topped with white plates filled with food.", "A table with six plates of food and a hand pointing to one of them.", "Dinner plates bearing food are arranged in a formation as someone touches one.", "Several plates of food arranged on a table.", "Six plates of the same gourmet dish on a wooden table."]
["A man drinking wine at a wine tasting.", "A man and a woman drinking a red wine", "Two people enjoy the aroma of their wine", "A man and a woman sitting down, testing wine.", "A man and woman taking a drink of wine."]
["A glass of red and white wine ", "A glass of wine is sitting next to another.", "Several wine glasses stand next to each other.", "A close up of wine glasses with small amounts of wine in it.", "Several glasses of wine displayed on table indoors."]
["Several people are standing at a table looking at wine bottles.", "A woman standing in front of a table surrounded by a crowd of people.", "A group of people at a table filled with wine bottles", "Eager people standing in front of tables at an exhibition.", "several people looking at many bottles of wine"]
["A group of men sitting around a table together.", "some people are sitting together at a bed", "People are sitting around a bar with wine glasses.", "Several people standing and sitting at a bar.", "A group of people who are sitting at a bar."]
["A  man and woman in a vineyard with bottles and glasses around them.", "A couple are standing next to some wine barrels.", "A man and woman standing by some wine glasses and bottles.", "A man and woman standing next to each other near a pile of barrels of wine.", "a man and a woman are standing at a table"]
["A man in a black outfit sleeping on a small bench.", "A man lays on a bench and covers his eyes. ", "An old man is sleeping on a park bench.", "A person laying on a small bench in the countryside.", "A man is laying on a small bench"]
["A crane operates over the city being built", "A man that is sitting down on a bench.", "this is a man sitting on a bench on a road", "a man is sitting on a wood bench outside", "A man sitting on a bench in front of a building undergoing construction."]
["A man sitting in a chair under an umbrella.", "Man with cap sitting in a patio area by himself.", "A man sits beneath an umbrella in an outdoor patio.", "a man sitting on a patio underneath an umbrella", "A man is sitting outside under an umbrella."]
["A person walking along wet ground holding an umbrella.", "The person with the umbrella is walking away from the scene.", "a person walking fast on a sidewalk with a green umbrella", "A diagonal view of someone walkig along a wet street", "A person walking on the street holding an umbrella."]
["A blurry motion picture of a person doing a wheelie on a motorcycle.", "A person is performing a wheelie on a motorcycle.", "A man sitting on a motorcycle doing a stunt.", "A man doing stunts on his motorcycle at a show.", "A man is riding a motorcycle on one wheel."]
["A woman hugs a gray cat to her chest.", "A woman holding a cat in her arms with a smile.", "a woman holding a cat in her arms", "A woman smiling while holding a cat in her hands. ", "A woman is holding a gray and white cat."]
["A white cake with chocolate being poured over the top of it.", "Liquid dark chocolate being poured over a white cake", "A spoon with chocolate being poured on a cake.", "This cake is being doused in liquid chocolate", "The chocolate is being poured onto the cake."]
["A kitchen with a refrigerator, sink, drawers and cabinets. ", "A refrigerator next to a sink in a kitchen", "A shot of a fridge next to the wooden cabinets. ", "A white refrigerator has a freezer on top and cooler on the bottom.", "A refrigerator that is in a kitchen next to granite counter tops."]
["a kitchen with a window some cupboards ", "A kitchen with a window that has bars on it.", "A kitchen with white cabinets and a black stove.", "A lightly colored kitchen showing counters and cabinets, with a sliding glass patio door.", "A light is shining through a kitchen window."]
["A kitchen counter with dishes dryin g on the stove", "A partial view of a kitchen with a oven.", "a towel with a big chunk of cheese on it above an oven", "A kitchen with wood counter tops and some food items.", "A kitchen with drawers and an oven, and items on the counter."]
["A kitchen seen is pictured while food is being prepared.", "A kitchen range with food cooking in the oven and on the stove top.", "a white oven and a black stove and some pans", "A kitchen with food cooking on the range and in the oven.", "Food in the middle of preparation, cooking on the stove and oven, in a kitchen."]
["A kitchen with a wooden table  with a cat sleeping on top of it.", "The cat is sitting on the old butcher block.", "A tabby cat sleeping on a wooden island in an old looking kitchen.", "this is a wood table in a cluttered kitchen", "kitchen with a wooden kitchen island and checkered floor"]
["Many pots and pans are hooked on a kitchen wall.", "A bunch of pans that are hanging on the wall.", "The pans are hanging on the wall near the door. ", "A large number of pans are hanging on a wall.", "A WALL FULL OF POTS AND PANS IN THE KITCHEN."]
["A kitchen with a stainless steel stove.and white cabinets.", "A kitchen with dishes, trash cans and other items, along with two windows", "A kitchen with white cabinets and wooden trim.", "A kitchen with a commercial stove and double sink.", "A large kitchen with two trashcans, a large gas stove, and many dishes organized and put up."]
["A kitchen filled with plants and lots of clutter.", "a kitchen cluttered with cups and house plants", "The interior of a plant filled kitchen with white cabinets.", "a untidy kitchen with plants, glasses, dishes, and more.", "This is a photo of a cluttered kitchen that has a lot of stuff sitting around it. "]
["A large kitchen filled with white appliances with lots of counter space.", "Dish towels hang from a stove handle in a kitchen with wooden cabinets.", "A kitchen with a stove, a microwave above it and a window.", "A clean kitchen is shown with three towels hanging on the cabinet.", "A large kitchen with a built-in stove, oven and microwave"]
["A kitchen filled with appliances and track lighting.", "A clean kitchen with rubber gloves hanging from the cabinet", "Kitchen scene, very large , brightly lit with white counter tops, lots of cabinet space.", "This a very big kitchen with wood cabinets", "A pair of yellow kitchen gloves hang from the cabinet."]
["A laptop that is sitting on a table.", "A laptop is set up on a dining room table.", "a dining room table with a laptop and scattered papers sitting on it", "A laptop is set up at the dining room table.", "A laptop and glass of water are on the table."]
["A stove top with a tea kettle sitting on top of it.", "A kitchen with a stove and a kettle on the stove", "A kitchen stove with a whistling tea pot on top.", "a silver stove a white tea pot lights and a sink", "A tea kettle sitting on top of a stove."]
["A midair shot of a guy doing a trick in a skateboard halfpipe.", "A man is skateboarding on a ramp in the park.", "Man on a skateboard preforming a stunt at a skate park.", "A person jumping up in the air on a skateboard.", "A guy is performing a trick on a skateboard."]
["She just finished chopping vegetables with the knife.", "A woman in a kitchen at the sink holding a knife. ", "A lady with dark brown hair has a knife in her hand.", "A woman holding a knife in the kitchen.", "a woman is standing with a plate in the kitchen"]
["A boy carrying a surfboard on a busy sidewalk.", "a guy holding a surfboard as he walks down the street ", "A man carries a surfboard with a pink towel hanging from it.", "A young person is carrying a surfboard and towel.", "A young man is carrying his surf board on the beach."]
["A small kitchen featuring an under the counter washing machine.", "The kitchen is clean and ready for us to use. ", "A kitchen area that has white cabinets and a black counter.", "A kitchen with a sink, dishwasher and a stove.", "A corner of a kitchen with shiny white cabinets."]
["A pinewood and green modern themed kitchen area.", "A kitchen and dining room area with a large window.", "A green kitchen with wooden counters and bright lights. ", "A bright room with green walls and cabinets.", "An empty kitchen area painted green with bulbous lights."]
["A small piece of cake on a table.", "A berry pastry sitting by itself on a counter top.", "A closeup view of a baked blueberry cake or dessert.", "A delicious look coffee cake appears to be made with blackberries and has a crumb topping. ", "A piece of cake with fruit baked into it."]
["A group of people on a court with tennis rackets.", "A young man holding a tennis racquet on a court.", "a group of people playing tennis out side", "A boy on a tennis court with other players.", "A  young man with a tennis racquet in his hand"]
["a modern kitchen with an oven, stove, and a fridge ", "There is a small island in a small kitchen", "A very clean kitchen with multiple appliances and an island.", "A clean, empty kitchen with very new and modern appliances.", "A all wooden kitchen area with a glass stove top ."]
["A kitchen with a center stove top island.", "Man standing next to kitchen island with orange top.", "there is a man standing by an island in a kitchen", "A man is talking on the phone on the kitchen. ", "A man looking at a magazine on his kitchen counter."]
["A kitchen with white appliances and a window.", "A shot of a small black and white kitchen", "A picture of a small clean kitchen. ", "A basic shot of a kitchen fully usable. ", "A kitchen that has a checkered pattern floor."]
["A glass of Orange juice next to a juicer", "A orange and a juicer on a counter.", "A juicer is used to make fresh orange juice. ", "A glass of orange juice sitting under a juicer.", "A juicer has a glass and an orange on top."]
["A man drying a pan with a dish towel.", "A man drying a pan in the kitchen of a small apartment", "A man is in the kitchen drying a frying pan", "A man is cleaning pots in a kitchen", "A man in a narrow kitchen area wiping a pan."]
["A city with a river in the middle with boats docked", "an image of several boats docked in the water", "A row of boats on a river next to multiple buildings.", "Boats on a canal of water going between rows of buildings.", "Several boats that are tied up in a canal. "]
["A bathroom with a shower and a sink.", "A white shower curtain and a sink in a bathroom. ", "A shower curtain is closed and is next to a white sink and black cabinet.", "A very simple bathroom with a sink and a shower.", "A closed shower curtain with sink in a bathroom."]
["The pair of shoes is on the bathroom floor near the cabinet. ", "A bathroom that has a yellow floor mat in it.", "This all white bathroom has a round yellow rug that stands out very much.", "A bathroom with a toilet, cabinet and rug. ", "A small bathroom with a toilet next to a cabinet."]
["A bathroom showing a sink and a toilet.", "A bathroom with toilet, mirror and double sink.", "this photo is blurry but shows two bathroom sinks", "A bathroom with sinks, toilet, and cabinets in it.", "a white sink in a bathroom with tile floor"]
["A white sink sitting next to a toilet near a tub.", "A couple of towels that are sitting on a sink.", "A black and white photo of a bathroom, with a toilet, sink, and tub all in a line against a wall", "A towel is hung above the toilet in a small bathroom.", "A black and white bathroom scene includes a sink, a toilet, and a bathtup."]
["a glass walled shower in a home bathroom", "A bathroom with a toilet, tiled floor, and a see-through shower.", "a bathroom that has a toilet and a shower in it", "The glass shower enclosure doesn't leave anything to the imagination.", "A bathroom with a toilet and stand up shower"]
["A bathroom with a black and white checkered floor.", "The bathroom has black and white checkered flooring.", "A bathroom with a checkered floor and an enclosed shower.", "A towel hanging on a shower stall in a bathroom.", "A towel hanging on the bar in the bathroom. "]
["A white toilet sitting next to a white sink.", "A small bathroom with toilet and sink in it. ", "A toilet and a sink next to each other.", "A lavatory stall with a toilet and a urinal.", "a all white bathroom with the toilet seat up "]
["A white sink in a bathroom under a mirror.", "A bathroom has decorative tile on the floor and is clean.", "An inside view of a bathroom with colorful tiling.", "A bathroom with a glass shower door, a sink and a mirror. ", "a bath room with a sink a mirror and a shower"]
["Someone is taking a basic shot of the bathroom. ", "A person with a camera inside of a mirror in the bathroom.", "A clean bathroom is pleasantly decorated with wallpaper and decorations.", "A bathroom with a white tub and a white sink.", "A bathroom that has a sink and a small mirror above it."]
["A long line a men on bicycles in a race.", "A group of men are racing on bicycles.", "A group of bicycle riders travelling down a street.\n", "a group of men riding bikes down a road and wearing helmets", "very many cyclists on the race with helmets on"]
["A large bathroom features tiled walls, two mirrors and two sinks.", "a bathroom with two sinks mirrors and some bottles", "A couple of sinks and mirrors in a room.", "A bathroom vanity with double sinks and double mirrors surrounded by tile.", "A bathroom view depicting a vanity with two sinks and two mirrors."]
["A standing toilet hole filled with nasty filthy.", "there is a very dirty rusted outline of a toilet", "A empty pipe hole where a toilet used to be.", "a old bathroom with a toilet missing in it", "A rusted area in the floor where a toilet used to sit."]
["A restroom with a toilet basin, toilet paper and a mirror", "A small bathroom has a toilet and small sink.", "A white toilet sitting under a window next to a sink.", "An entire bathroom that is completely white including a toilet and sink.", "A white bathroom cubicle with a compact toilet."]
["A toilet and toilet paper roll sit in a partially constructed bathroom.", "a bathroom being remodeled around the sink and toilet", "An unfinished bathroom with a toilet and a sink.", "A bathroom that looks incomplete and has concrete walls. ", "A bathroom toilet in a small room being remodeled "]
["A toilet in a small room with a window and unfinished walls.", "A white toilet bowl in a room with a window", "A small bathroom is being renovated and the walls are stripped.", "A white toilet and window in a room.", "A toilet that is in a bathroom with unpainted walls."]
["A toilet room in the process of being renovated ", "A commode in a bathroom that is in the middle of being remodeled", "An open toilet in a room that is undergoing construction. ", "THERE IS A TOILET THAT IS IN THE BATHROOM ", "A white toilet sitting inside of a bathroom."]
["A bathroom being remodeled with a white toilet.", "An old bathroom with a toilet and unpainted walls.", "A nasty view of a clean white toilet in the image. ", "A toilet sits in an unfinished water closet.", "SMALL BATHROOM UNDER REMODEL,WITH JUST A TOILET AND ONE ROLL OF TOILET PAPER"]
["A toilet and two rolls of toilet paper in a small room with ledge and window.", "A toilet inside a small bathroom being remodled.", "a bath room with a toilet and two rolls of toilet paper", "The bathroom with a toilet having an unfinished wall behind it.", "A picture of a toilet seat with the lid up in an unfinished bathroom."]
["A big bathroom with a couch a bathtub in the middle of the room. ", "A spacious bathroom has an old fashioned claw tub with shower.", "A claw foot tub with a shower surround stands in a Victorian home.", "An unusual shower and tub combination in a colorful bathroom.", "A bathrub is in the middle of a bathroom."]
["A bath room with an old fashioned looking tub.", "The large bathtub has a bright window near it.", "a bath room with a bath tub a window and tiled floors", "A bathtub next to a tile floor and a window.", "a bathtub in a bathroom next to a window."]
["its sunny outside and you can see the shadows of benches", "Benches are casting shadows onto the side walk as a man rides a bike in the background.", "A man riding on a bike near several patio chairs. ", "A man on a bicycle riding past a small line of tables and chairs", "A bicyclist pedaling through a cobblestone courtyard with benches."]
["A white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a sink.", "a beautiful bathroom with a white toilet bowl.", "a bath room with a toilet a toilet paper holder and a stand up shower", "A large open bathroom with tile floors and shower", "An empty bathroom with a toilet and hand rails"]
["A bathroom with a sink, toilet, tub and mirror.", "a bathroom with a toilet sitting next to a bath tub ", "A bathroom with a green bathmat over the edge of the tub", "a bath room with a toilet a bath tub and a sink", "This bathroom has a wood floor and wood on the wall."]
["A man taking a selfie in a mirror", "A person standing in front of a mirror talking on a phone.", "a man standing by a mirror while taking a selfie", "A man taking a picture of himself in a reflection.", "A man takes a profile picture of himself in a bathroom mirror."]
["A man standing in a bathroom in front of a mirror.", "A man taking a photo of himself in a bathroom mirror.", "A persons reflection in the bathroom mirror holding a camera", "A black man is taking a mirror selfie", "A man with a red shirt taking a sideways picture in the bathroom."]
["A white sink and toilet in a small room.", "A small and clean bathroom thanks is in someone's house. ", "A white tub sitting next to a white sink in a bathroom.", "A very classic bathroom that is decorated in brown and white.", "The bathroom has an older sleek look "]
["a bicycle sits on its stand in the middle of a grassy, wooded area", "a bike standing up on the ground next to a tree", "A large bike parked in the woods by a set of trees.", "bicycle parked on a grassy hill by tree", "a bike that is parked out in the grass"]
["A bath tub sitting next to a white sink.", "A small bathroom with a white bathtub, white pedestal sink, white tile walls, and black tile floor.", "A corner of a rest room with a window in it.", "A white bathroom with toilet, pedestal sink and bathtub and a window over the sink.", "A white sink and bathtub sit in a clean, empty bathroom. "]
["A white sink in a bathroom under a window.", "A bathroom sink in front of an open window and next to a shower.\n", "a bathroom with blue tile walls and window above the sink ", "This bathroom's window is open near the sink.", "A blue and white bathroom with a pedestal sink under a window."]
["The bathroom is equipped with several new appliances.", "The bathroom is clean and ready to use.", "A bathroom has a tub, and a washing machine in front of a large window.", "a bath room with a bath tub a washing machine and a sink", "The bathroom is a washing machine in it"]
["A white toilet sitting next to a white bath tub.", "A shower curtain that is hanging in a bathtub.", "A tiny bathroom has a brightly colored shower curtain.", "a bathroom with a toilet and tub inside of it ", "A bathroom with a toilet, paper roll, bowl brush and tub."]
["Bathroom decorated in blues and greens with a mirror over the vanity.", "A minimally cluttered bathroom view shows a white sink and toilet, mirror, towel ring, a blue wall and a shower space with a patterned but not colorful shower curtain. ", "A clean bathroom is seen in this image.", "A bathroom with a green hand towel and blue walls. ", "A towel that is hanging near a mirror."]
["An open door leading to a bathroom toilet, with a shower rack and bureau visible.", "A bathroom has a red circular rug by the toilet.", "A picture of a bathroom with a toilet, rug, and shelving on the door.", "A bathroom with a toilet that has a crooked tank.", "Small bathroom with a toilet, shower, and utility rack on the door. "]
["there is a small bathroom that is white and has a toilet", "A toilet is sitting in a corner of a bathroom.", "A white toilet in a very small room.", "Small bathroom with only a toilet and throw rug.", "A view of a toilet from the adjoining room."]
["A door open to a bathroom with the vanity showing.", "There is a bright window in the small bathroom.", "A litter box sits on the floor of this small bathroom. ", "A door opens into a narrow room with towels and sink.", "A narrow bathroom is tidy and comes equipped with a litterbox."]
["A street filled with lots of traffic next to white homes.", "four cars stopped at a red traffic light", "A street light and street sign hanging over an intersection with cars going through.", "A few cars are driving down a street.", "Group of cars passing by a long row of apartment buildings. "]
["A red traffic light sitting at the corner of a building.", "An automobile stopped at a traffic light by a grey building.", "A red light on the side of an old building near an alley way.", "A traffic light hanging on the side of a building.", "A traffic light on the side of a large building."]
["A bathroom under construction with a white tub next to a toilet.", "A bathroom is being torn day during the day.", "A bathroom has a tub with demolished walls in it.", "A bathtub filled with debris in a bathroom with some walls torn out.", "the bathroom is not constructed and garbage is in the tub. "]
["A group of people walk around in a business area.", "On the street at night with a crowd of people and a utility pole.", "A light pole sitting next to a street at night.", "Many people walk down a busy street at night.", "A busy gas station with groups of people coming through."]
["a cat laying inside of a bathroom sink", "A curious cat looking in a sink of a bathroom.", "a cat that is drinking out of a sink", "The black and orange cat is standing on the bathroom sink. ", "Cat drinking water from a sink in a bathroom."]
["A black cat is huddled in the bathroom sink for a perfect fit.", "A large black cat sits inside of an empty bathtub.", "a black cat sitting in a sink in a bathroom", "The black cat is alert, lying in front of the bathroom sink.", "a black cat sitting in a bathroom sink"]
["The picture of a cat under a car.", "A white and broncat is sitting under a car ", "A cat lays on the ground underneath a vehicle.", "a cat chillin under a car, asking to get run over", "A white cat is sitting under a car."]
["A couple of dogs sitting in the front seats of a car.", "There is a dog in a car licking at the window", "A dog with his tongue out sits ion a car", "an image of a dog sitting in the passenger seat of a car", "Two dogs sitting on a car seat wanting to get out"]
["Two elephants standing next to each other in a jungle forest. ", "Two elephants playing in the water and mud.", "Two elephants are walking through the mud in a clearing.", "Two elephants getting a drink from muddy water.", "Two brown elephants walking through mud in a jungle. "]
["A hood lifted on a Chevrolet vehicle with a teddy bear on the side.", "A car with the hood up and a teddy bear inside.", "A show car parked with its hood open and a teddy bear tucked into the engine well.", "a car wit hits hood open and a stuffed animal in the engine area", "A vintage Chevrolet automobile with a toy bear under its hood."]
["A picture of rush hour traffic on the streets.", "A look through a window at a very busy city street.", "A picture taken from inside a taxi of a crowded Asian street", "a person drives as a bunch of other cars drive on a street ", "A street with traffic on it as seen out of a vehicle."]
["A white porcelain toilet with the lid down, in a bathroom.", "A bathroom with a white porcelin toilet on a tile floor.", "A toilet sits alone on a tile floor. ", "A white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a door.", "Small white toilet sitting in a small corner next to a wall. "]
["A man getting a drink from a water fountain that is a toilet.", "A boy drinking water from a toilet water fountain.", "A young man drinking from a water fountain in the shape of a toilet.", "A young person has his face close to the toilet bowl.", "A man taking a drink from a water fountain."]
["A colorful clock tower sitting int he middle of a parking lot.", "A purple clock tower in the middle of a parking lot.", "A statue with a clock on it near a parking lot. ", "A large toy like clock tower in a parking lot.", "A large tall tower with a clock on top."]
["A bathroom with tile flooring and walls, and a white toilet.", "A clean toilet in a small tiled bathroom", "A white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a mirror.", "A white toilet with an external hygiene nozzle. ", "A toilet with a spray hose attached to it sits in a white bathroom."]
["A bathroom scene with focus on the toilet.", "A bathroom with a toilet, sink and red tile flooring.", "A bathroom with white fixtures, a red tiled floor and a black counter.", "A bathroom with a small odd shaped toilet next to a sink.", "The view of a sink and a toilet in a bathroom."]
["A blue motorcycle parked outside of a building.", "A motorcycle parked outside of a building underneath a window.", "A motorcycle is shown on the sidewalk next to window.", "Brick sidewalk with parked motorcycle, firehose in wall and street sign with arrow and foreign words. ", "A motorcycle parked behind a one way stop sign."]
["A road where cars and motorcycle are parked at the side.", "A set of motorcycles parked in front of a street sign.", "a street sign in front of a motorcycle and car", "Two motorcycles parked in a \"no parking\" zone.", "Two motorcycles parked by a sign at the curb "]
["A white toilet and towel in a room.", "A single bathroom with toilet, shower and window.", "A white toilet sitting under a window in a bathroom.", "a bathroom with a toilet sink and a window", "A toilet that is seated in front of a bathroom window."]
["A motorcycle stopped on the road during nighttime in the city. ", "a man wearing a white helmet is riding a red motorcycle.", "A man on a motorcycle stopped at a stop light", "A motorcyclist stopped at an intersection of a city street", "A photo of a person on a motorcycle on the road."]
["A church filled with rows of wooden seats.", "The inside of a church with wooden pews and a stained glass window.", "A church with a large altar and high ceilings.", "A very large and pretty church full of wooden pews.", "A view along the transept of an older style church."]
["A woman holding a yellow umbrella next to a cathedral.", "A smiling young woman with open yellow umbrella standing in front of a castle-like building.", "A woman is standing outside a castle holding an umbrella.", "there is a woman holding a umbrella in front of a castle", "The woman is standing outside of the large buildings with her umbrella."]
["A partially eaten slice of cake with a spoon on a plate.", "A late with cake, ice cream and two spoons on it. ", "Piece of partially eaten chocolate cake on a white plate. ", "A half eaten chocolate dessert sits on a plate. ", "a plate with a half eaten cake on it "]
["Motorcycle on platform to be worked on in garage", "A motorcycle on a table in the shop", "An orange motorcycle on a motorcycle work stand.", "A motorcycle up on platform in a garage.", "A motorcycle up on a shop table in a garage."]
["Many packages of toilet paper are unwrapped next to the toilet in a messy bathroom.", "A bathroom has toilet paper on the floor and some rags.", "An area shows a room with a toilet with red wrappers on the floor and another room with a washing machine in it.", "A small and dirty toilet saperate bathroom area", "A shot of a separated bathroom with its toilet and shower separated. "]
["View of a narrow bathroom with white vanity and commode with brown tile", "a bathroom with a sink a toilet and a mirror", "A modern bathroom with one window, toilet and vanity.", "A bathroom with a window, toilet and counter.", "A white bathroom with a tiled floor and one latticed window."]
["A white ceramic sink next to a toilet.", "there is a brown box on the toilet", "A sink is next to a toilet with a card box on top of it.", "a bathroom with a sink and toilet inside of it ", "A pedestal sink and a toilet in a bathroom."]
["The toilet is in a room with exposed pipes.", "A dirty toilet bowl in a room with pipes", "Dirty open toilet surrounded by a green metal cabinet and exposed metal pipes.", "A dirty toilet in a small bathroom surrounded by pipes.", "A toilet  sits in a room that appears to be partially abandoned."]
["Two people are riding motor scooters in a parking lot.", "two people riding scooters on a city street ", "Some people riding motorcycles in a wide street.", "a parked motorcycle and two people riding motorcycles", "Two people riding on mopeds in a parking lot. "]
["A cat with its paws halfway into an open toilet.", "A cat that is half in a toilet.", "An orange tabby  kitten explores the toilet in a bathroom. ", "A cat hangs into the inside of a toilet bowl", "A cat sitting on top of a toilet seat. "]
["A small white church with a clock on the side of it's tower sitting on the end of a street ", "A church with a clock on the tower is at the entry to a neighborhood.  ", "A white building that looks like a church", "The town has a small church in it. ", "A white building with a clock on its side"]
["A bowl full of broccoli with spoons on a table.", "A bowl that has broccoli and spoons in it.", "A white bowl filled with broccoli and a couple of spoons.", "A spotted glass bowl contains spoons and broccoli.", "A bowl is filled with fresh chopped broccoli. "]
["A white cat sitting on the floor next to a feeding dish and a mat.", "a white cat sitting on the floor next to her food bowls", "A white kitty cat sitting on a floor near a dish and a red towel.", "A white cat sits on the floor beside a brown towel. ", "A white fluffy cat sitting on the floor next to a towl"]
["A macaroni dish with broccoli, onion and tomato", "A bowl of pasta, broccoli, onion, and carrots.", "A bowl filled with pasta, veggies and seasoning.", "A photo of a homemade swirly pasta with broccoli, carrots, and onions.", "some noodles are mixed in a blue bowl"]
["Two brown teddy bears sitting on top of a wooden table.", "Two teddy bears on a wooden table holding chocolate bars.", "a close up of two stuffed animals siting on a table", "two stuffed animal bears  sitting next to a candy bar and a flower pot on a table.", "Two teddy bears with candy bars sitting on a table."]
["A black and white cat laying on top of a desk.", "THERE IS A CAT THAT IS LYING DOWN ", "there is a cat laying on a pillow on top of a desk", "a cat lying on a green piece of material on a desk", "A black and white cat laying on the carrying case of a computer"]
["a group of people on motorcycles drive down the road", "Several motorcyclists parked on the side of the road.", "a number of people riding motorcycles on a highway ", "A group of bikers are riding down the road in traffic. ", "A road shot has a radio antennae and a small section of windshield, a brown hillside, the vanishing road beside it, bikers, close to the antennae, and far away, and off in the distance, signs, a car,  and a big blue sky. "]
["A cat sitting on a hard wood floor in front of a large library of books.", "A cat sitting on the wood floor cleaning itself.", "a cat on a wooden floor in front of a tall book shelf", "A cat is on the floor by a large bookcase.", "A cat lying on a hard wood floor in front of a bookshelf."]
["A black and white cat is laying on a green pillow on top of a desk.", "A cat laying on a pillow on a desk.", "a close up of a cat laying on a pillow", "A black and white cat is lying on a green pillow.", "Black and white cat laying on a green pillow."]
["A row of parked motorcycles sitting next to a tall building.", "A bunch of motorized bikes and motorcycles in front of a building. ", "Many motorcycles parked outside a Asian themed building.", "Motorcycles parked outside a pagoda style building among trees.", "A group of motorcycles that are on a street."]
["A person that is sitting on top of a motorcycle.", "A man wearing riding gear on a motorcycle", "A man in full riding gear on a motorcycle.", "There is a man sitting on a red motorcycle wearing a black helmet", "A motorcycle rider with a helmet and safety gear on."]
["A train door is open of a white and red train.", "A open door on a large white train.", "a red white and black train and its door", "A passenger train parked at a train station next to a tall building.", "The train doors are opened for the passengers. "]
["Many oranges have been placed inside a bowl.", "A bowl full of oranges that still have stems", "Eight oranges sitting in a white bowl. ", "a while bowl full of oranges with the stems on them ", "Seven oranges stacked together in a white bowl. "]
["A dirt bike rider doing a stunt jump in the air", "A man riding a dirt bike becomes airborne.", "A motorcyclist is in mid air hanging on to the handlebars.", "A person performs a stunt jump on a motorcycle.", "Daring guy does tricks mid air on motorcycle"]
["A man riding on the back of a dirt bike in the air.", "A person on a motorcycle high in the air.", "The motocross rider performs a jump in mid-air.", "A person jumping high in the air holding onto the back of a dirt bike. ", "A man on a motorcycle is in mid air."]
["a person riding a dirt bike in the air with a sky background", "A motorcycle rider and his bike fly through the air.", "Professional motorcycle stunt rider midair with bike in blue sky", "a person flying through the air holding onto the handles of a dirt bike", "A motorcycle and rider are in mid air."]
["Two motorcycles sitting in a trailer that's being pulled behind an RV.", "a camper and motorcycles on a trailer on the road", "two motorcycles on the back of a trailer", "A motor home is pulling flat bed with motor bikes.", "a trailer truck riding down the street lifting two motorcycles"]
["Two racing motorcycles and riders racing at a track.", "A couple of men racing motorcycles next to each other.", "two motorcycles with stickers on them racing down a track ", "Two people that are racing on some  fast motorcycles.", "Two people on motorcycles are in a race."]
["a woman is sitting under an umbrella outside", "A woman sitting under an umbrella in the middle of a restaurant.", "A woman that is sitting under an umbrella.", "The woman sitting at the table looks bored.", "A woman sitting at a table next to an umbrella."]
["A man and a woman on a motorcycle in helmets.", "a lady driving a motor cycle with a man behind her", "two people siting on a dirt bike wearing helmets", "a man and a woman sitting on a black and yellow motor bike", "Two people in helmets on a parked motorcycle and a small palm tree to the side of them."]
["A person in a helmet standing by their motorcycle.", "A motorcyclist stands next to a motorcycle at a lookout over a beach.", "A person with his motorcycle by the ocean.", "A person posing next to their motorcycle by the shore.", "A motorcyclist in his helmet parked along side a road near the ocean"]
["A cute orange cat sitting on top of a structure.", "A cat that is laying down on a roof.", "an orange and white cat and some bushes and trees", "A cat with a stare that could kill looking straight ahead.", "A cat is sitting on some wood under the sun."]
["A train sitting next to a platform in a tunnel.", "a train door open at the railway station", "A door on a train opened at a station.", "A train stopped at a platform with its doors open. ", "a close up of a train at a platform with its doors open"]
["a dog that is laying next to another person", "A dog sleeping next to someone playing video games", "A dog sleeps on the lap of his owner.", "A dog sleeping in the covers of a bed with owner", "a close up of a dog laying on a person "]
["A white dresser with an attached mirror in a room with yellow walls.", "A dresser that has a mirror over it.", "there is a dresser that has a mirror and many things on it", "A room with yellow walls and a dresser with a mirror. ", "A dresser in a room that is painted bright yellow."]
["A TV sitting on top of a wooden dresser.", "A room with a television, stereo, speakers and laptop in it. ", "The laptop is across the room from a television with stereo speakers beside it.", "A living room with television, laptop, and stereo in it.", "Someone is watching a soccer match on TV while on the computer"]
["A motorcycle passing by a yellow dump truck.", "A scene of a busy street with pedestrians and vehicles on the road.", "A group of vehicles traveling in heavy traffic.", "a motorcycle sitting next to a dump truch on the road ", "a person riding a motorcycle near a large truck"]
["A large jet sitting on top of an airport tarmac.", "A large white and red Avianca airplane is shown.", "A RED AND WHITE AVLANCA PLANE LOADING BAGGAGE", "An airline jet being loaded with luggage at the airport.", "Luggage is being loaded into the open doors of a plane."]
["An old fashioned biplane with its propeller spinning.", "An old propellor airplane with targets on the wings is in the sky.", "A vintage biplane is shown closeup from below.", "A single engine plane in the sky on a sunny day.", "An aircraft is flying overhead in a blue sky."]
["A colorful airplane flying though a blue sky.", "A tellow, red, white and blue airplane against a blue sky.", "A multicolored plane is flying in the sky", "a multicolored airplane is flying in the air", "A multiple colored plane flying in the air"]
["BLACK, BLUE, WHITE, RED, ORANGE RED AND YELLOW AIRPLANE", "A picture of a colorful plane flying in the sky. ", "A multi-colored airplane makes its way through the blue sky.", "Shot of bottom side of jet flying against a blue sky", "A plane flies over, painted in right colors. "]
["A picture of an airplane and a large tower at night.", "A small white airplane on a open lot.", "An airplane that has landed in an airport. ", "a couple of four passenger air planes on the field", "A very tall traffic control tower sitting in an airport."]
["A blue airplane flies in a clear blue sky.", "The airplane has two propeller on each wing.", "An airplane in the air with four propellers. ", "A jumbo sized airplane with four engines in the middle of flight.", "A propeller plane that is flying in the sky."]
["a airplane on a runway with the door open", "A small plane is getting ready for a flight", "A small aircraft is parked at an airport.", "An airplane with its doors open with a man sitting on the plane. ", "A small white airplane that is parked at the airport "]
["The back side of an airplane sitting on a runway. ", "A jet airplane on the tarmac at an airport.", "A very big commercial plane parked on the tarmac.", "A small airplane is taking off at an airport.", "Worker standing under the tail of a large passenger plane"]
["a close up of the tail section of a large passenger airplane", "A red and white airplane is on the runway.", "The tail end of an airplane and some baggage carts on an airstrip.", "This picture shows the back wing of a airplane that is red and white", "Commercial jetliner with a kangaroo design on its tail"]
["a big jumbo jet sits parked next to another plane ", "some large air planes on a run way", "A plane is parked along an airport terminal. ", "A plane is sitting still on the runway. ", "Several airplanes are lined up on the runway."]
["A picture of a group of fighter jets flying together.", "A group of nine small planes flies through the sky.", "Nine planes are flying in a military formation.", "nine fighter jets flying very close together like ducks", "Several airplanes near each other fly through the sky"]
["A group of jets are flying together in a tight formation", "The blue angels show off their tricks in an air show", "A formation of airplanes flying under a cloudy sky.", "A team of ten jet pilots flying in formation at an air show.", "planes are flying together in a line in the air"]
["A large jetliner flying under a cloud filled sky.", "A plane flies above the tree tops in a greenish sky.", "The plane is taking off over the trees.", "A large commercial plane flying overhead in the sky.", "Jumbo jet flying over a group of trees."]
["An commerical airplane is flying high in the sky", "a plane flying by below a bright blue sky ", "A large plane is flying through the sky.", "GREEN AIRPLANE FLYING IN A BRIGHT BLUE SKY", "a commercial jet airliner as seen from below"]
["A group of jets flying overhead in tight formation.", "A group of airplanes in the sky at an air show. ", "Jets are flying in formation across the sky on a clear day.", "many planes competing at each other very fast", "Five planes are flying in formation in the sky."]
["This is an air show put on by the US Navy Blue Angels. ", "Five airplanes flying in formation under a partly cloudy sky.", "Airplanes flying in formation with smoke coming from their tails.", "a bunch of planes are flying in the sky", "A bunch of small airplanes flying in the sky."]
["A young man has his foot placed on a pole while another looks on. ", "Two men hang out by a pole on a sunny day.", "Two standing guys waiting at a bus stop.", "Is he trying to stop the other man from crossing?", "One man has his put on the pole and the other man has his hand on it. "]
["A group of giraffes next to a fence.", "A few Zebras are standing in front of the fence. ", "Many giraffes walk along a wooden fence in a small lot with sand and palm trees.", "A group of giraffes that are walking near a fence.", "there are many giraffes that are standing by a fence"]
["Two birds going up the back of a giraffe. ", "Two birds sitting on the the back of a giraffe. ", "Two birds are sitting on a wall near the bushes.\n", "a large giraffe that is walking by some trees", "Two birds standing on the back of a giraffe."]
["A herd of sheep is on the side of the road and a bus drives through.", "A bust on an unpaved rock road  that has stopped because of a herd of sheep", "A bus on a gravel road with a herd of sheep on the side of the road.", "A herd of sheep are walking up a muddy hill next to a parked minivan.", "A bus driving past a large herd of goats."]
["A very close shot of what seems to be three birds on a Giraffe. ", "A tall giraffe with birds perched on it's neck.", "A very up close shot of a giraffes neck.", "a giraffe neck with little brown birds climbing it.", "I don't know what  this image is that the birds are on."]
["The moon in the sky above a jetliner.", "jet airliner in the sky with a half visible moon in the background", "A jumbo jet plane flying below a view of the moon.", "An airplane flying through the sky with a half moon visible above it.", "The plane is flying high in the sky and the moon is fading in the background."]
["A photograph taken from an airplane window while in flight.", "A photo of a landscape from an airplane.", "i see part of an airplane flying in the sky.", "An aerial view of the ground from an airplane.", "Mountains and terrain seen from above by plane"]
["A herd of sheep standing on top of a grass covered field.", "A heard of sheep were grazing in the pen with a small bird watching.", "A herd of sheep grazing inside of a fenced area.", "White sheep are grazing in a fenced field.", "Very wooly sheep grazing in a small fenced paddock"]
["A man standing behind a bench with something in his hands.", "man taking picture behind a sculpture of heart as a person on a bench ", "a man standing by a bench while taking a photo ", "A costumed person is sitting on a bench while a photographer leans over them to take a photo.", "Man taking a picture above an art display of a man on a bench."]
["a close up of a giraffe and a zebra in a field near trees", "A giraffe on the field outside during the day.", "A giraffe in a grassy area with trees in the background.", "A giraffe and zebra stand next to each other.", "A giraffe and a zebra next to each other in the wild."]
["A plane that is flying in the sky.", "The airplane is flying over the ocean at dusk. ", "An airplane flying through the sky on a beautiful night.", "a blue plane is flying in the sky", "A small plane flying through a cloudy evening sky."]
["A large white bus drives through an intersection. ", "A tall building in the background with the number 9000 on a sign.", "A view of a city from a sidewalk.", "A street scene at an intersection with a bus.", "A picture of a stop light in the road."]
["Antelopes, zebras, and giraffes are gathered around the watering hole. ", "Herds of animals, including giraffes and zebras, wade into a water pool.", "Many different animals drinking water in the desert.", "Giraffes, zebras and gazelles linger and drink from a watering hole.", "Giraffes, gazelles, and zebras gathered at a watering hole in Africa."]
["A bench in a park covered in lots of snow.", "a bench along a sidewalk in the winter covered in snow", "The ground and bench are covered with snow.", "A snow covered wood bench in a park", "A wooden bench covered with snow, and plenty of snow on the ground."]
["A train is stopped at a station beside a traffic signal.", "A white tram stopped at a station between tall buildings", "There is a full view of an outdoor area and it is nice.\n", "A light rail train has stopped at a station in the city. ", "Beautiful scenery of a train boarding passengers in a metropolitan area."]
["A sheet cake with a farm scene on top of it.", "a brown cake with a tractor a fence and some animals", "A birthday cake with a tractor and farm animals on it.", "A farm themed birthday cake for a young boy.", "A birthday cake with a tractor trailer on it."]
["Giraffe standing in open area near trees with mouth open.", "A close up face image of a giraffe.", "The giraffe is looking at the camera with his mouth open.", "A giraffe staring at the camera with its mouth open.", "A giraffe with it's mouth open looking into the camera. "]
["A distant airplane flying between two large buildings.", "A couple of tall buildings with a large jetliner between them.", "Commercial airliner flying between two tall structures on clear day.", "two tall buildings and a plane in between them", "An airplane is seen between two identical skyscrapers."]
["A plane flying between two large buildings in black and white.", "A passenger jet is flying over top of the buildings of a city.", "A passenger plane is seen flying in between two tall buildings.", "A view of a city skyline with an airplane coming in for a landing at the airport.", "A city with very tall buildings and a large airplane flying above it."]
["A low flying commercial plane passing tall  buildings", "An airplane is flying in the sky beyond some skyscrapers.", "A jetliner flying low as viewed between two skyscrapers.", "An airplane is seen in the air between two buildings. ", "An airplane flying pass building and a bank building. "]
["A block of pigeons gathered  around a person sitting on a park bench.", "A man on a bench feeding pigeons in a park.", "People in a street with birds all over.", "A man sitting on a park bench feeding the birds", "Pigeons surround people sitting on a park bench."]
["A picture of a giraffe drinking some water.", "A giraffe is bending down to get a drink of water.", "A giraffe has its front legs spread to bend down for a drink of water at a pond.  ", "LARGE GIRAFFE SPREADING OUT HIS LONG LEGS TO GET A DRINK", "a giraffe bending down to drink from a body of water"]
["People getting ready to board a light plane on an airstrip.", "Couple of people out on the runway ready to board the small plane", "The couple are standing next to an airplane.\n\n", "A small propeller plane that is on the runway.", "A small airplane sitting on top of a runway."]
["A cat laying down on a wooden table in a park.", "grey striped cat relaxing on the deck stairs", "A gray tabby cat is lying on a picnic table.", "A black and gray cat lying on a picnic table.", "Cat laying on top of a picnic table. "]
["A cream color cat sitting on a wooden bench.", "A large fluffy cat sitting on top of a wooden bench.", "A cat sits on a wooden bench between flower pots.", "A cat sits on a bench near a flower pot shaped like a turtle. ", "The cat is sitting on the bench with the flowers."]
["An orange stripe cat sitting on top of a wooden bench.", "A golden colored cat sitting on top of a wooden bench.", "an  image of a cat sitting on a bench", "An orange tabby cat sits on a wooden bench.", "a orange cat sitting on a half rotted wooden bench"]
["A large cat laying next to a large orange pumpkin.", "Cat cat looking at the camera with pumpkins in back.", "a white cat a wooden bench and some pumpkins", "A cream colored cat is walking toward the camera, next to a display of gourds and pumpkins.", "A cat is sitting next to a pumpkin and other vegetables."]
["A cat standing on top of a wooden bench.", "A cat with dark fur leans over the side of a wooden park bench.", "A cat is playing with a wooden chair.", "A dark colored cat that is on a wooden bench and reaching down from the arm rest.", "a gray cat reaches down with his paw as he stands on the arm rest of a wooden outdoor bench"]
["a sign for the metrolink next to tall building", "A station near stores and building on a sunny day. ", "The entrance to the Transit Mall Station is surrounded by buildings.", "A city subway station sign reading, \"M transit mall station\".", "A blue and white sign that marks the Transit Mall Station."]
["A little dog sitting on a wooden bench.", "A small dog sits on wooden bench next to a pumpkin.", "A dog is sitting on a bench by corn and hay.", "A dog sitting on a bench with harvest decorations.", "A small dog on a bench next to squash, hay and variegated corn"]
["A modern jet airplane coming in to park at the gate of an airport", "A large jet sitting on top of an airport runway.", "A plane parked at an airport near a terminal.", "A white airplane is parked preparing for takeoff.", "some people standing at the top of some stairs "]
["A couple of traffic lights hanging over a city street.", "Traffic lights shine over an empty intersection at twilight. ", "A street with traffic lights, wall and buildings.", "The electronic traffic signals are lit up during dawn.", "Empty city intersection in the early morning hours."]
["A giraffe peeks from behind a low-hanging branch.", "A giraffe eating leaves from a tree near a forest", "The giraffe is looking around the tree branch.", "a giraffe is peeking around from some tree leaves", "A giraffe eating hanging leaves by a wooden fence."]
["A giraffe standing in front of a stone building.", "A giraffe walking around past a wall and door", "a giraffe standing on a dirt ground next to a stone wall.", "A giraffe is walking by a brick wall.", "A Masai giraffe is walking in front of  a stone wall."]
["a number of books and magazines near a laptop", "A laptop next to a book opened on a floor.", "A book that is being held open by a laptop that is on top of a corner.", "A bench that has three books and a laptop sitting on it.", "A book and a laptop sitting on a desk with the books open."]
["A boy in a blue shirt boarding a school bus.", "a child getting on a school bus with a field in the backgropund", "A young boy who is wearing a back pack getting on a school bus.", "A little boy standing on the steps of a bus.", "a child stepping up onto a school bus."]
["A bench next to three potted plants. ", "A small sitting bench sets on an old concrete floor. ", "a wooden bench with red legs and some potted plants", "An outside area with a bench and potted plants. ", "A photo of a bench and plants in pots."]
["A rear view mirror on the side of a yellow bus.", "Several school buses reflected in the side mirror of a vehicle.", "an image of  school  bus in the rear view mirror", "Mirrored reflection of a row of yellow school busses.", "a close up of a school bus mirror with a school bus in the mirror"]
["a street light hanging fron one of many wires connected to a power pole", "A stop lite hangs from a power line.", "A streetlight hanging in the air on a cloudy day.", "Roadway intersection signal with power pole and street lamp nearby.", "A stoplight that is hanging from a wire."]
["A book on a wooden bench on a street.", "A book rest on one of the benches ", "A California travel guide book on a park bench. ", "A big entitled California is on the bench. ", "A book sitting on top of a wooden desk."]
["a man is crossing the street and there is a yellow traffic light", "A man is carrying a large object across the street.", "A person walking across a crosswalk at dusk.", "City street as the morning sun begins coming up. ", "A dark street has the sun shining through trees."]
["The giraffes wander around their cage and eat from the trough on a wall.", "a group of giraffes are walking around a small corral", "A group of giraffe standing next to each other on a field.", "four giraffes in a fenced off pen with a feeding bin ", "Group of giraffes are standing by building wall next to feeding trough"]
["A herd of sheep walking down a rural country road.", "a herd of sheep walking down the road back to the farm ", "sheep cross the road next to a white barn in the rolling hills", "A herd of sheep walk on a country road. ", "A herd of shaggy haired sheep walking down a road."]
["a sheep is standing on a white fence", "A sheep leaning against a white wooden fence.", "A sheep with a black face and feet standing on the bottom rung of a fence.", "A lamb is standing on the white fence using his fron legs.  ", "A sheep on a farm standing on a white fence."]
["a couple of giraffes are standing in a pin", "some giraffes leaning their necks over a fence ", "Two giraffes that are standing in the dirt.", "Two giraffes feeding while standing behind a fence.", "Two giraffes are standing in the sand behind a fence. "]
["Two giraffes eat from a pot attached to a fence.", "Two giraffes eating from the same feeder attached to a fence.", "A couple of giraffes feeding from a bucket", "Two giraffes are feeding out of a bucket.", "Two giraffes are bent over eating out of a dish."]
["a person taking a photo of a traffic light on a city street ", "A person taking a picture of a stoplight on the side of the street.", "A person in a red shirt is taking a picture of a traffic light.", "A woman taking a picture of a street traffic light.", "A young lady is taking snap shots of the traffic light. "]
["A beautiful woman sitting on a bench next to a body of water.", "A woman sitting on a bench overlooking a body of water.", "A women on a bench overlooking the waterfront.", "A woman sits on a bench and looks at the water.", "A woman on a bench near the river."]
["A man standing near an intersection with street lights. ", "A man is looking mad out on the street", "A man seems to be taken a selfie of himself. ", "A man in a striped pink shirt is standing beside a street.", "a man in a pink shirt looks off into the distance in front of an empty street"]
["The giraffes are standing in the fenced area.", "Four giraffes are standing together at a zoo.", "Small group of giraffes in a sandy enclosure.", "Giraffe stand in a sand-floored enclosure with trees in the background.", "four giraffes basking in sunlight of enclosed area"]
["A man sits on a bench and stares into the distance.", "Individual sitting on a bench at a valley with storm clouds over head.", "A man is sitting on a bench, taking in the city.", "A man sits on a park bench and looks at the view.", "A man sitting over a bench overlooking a vista."]
["Large open field in the middle of a stormy area.", "A bench atop a hill on a rural farm.", "View of a bench overlooking the ocean and sky.", "An open field shows the ocean and big sky.", "The top a mountain overlooking water with several benches and a cloudy sky."]
["A green traffic light above a street with a car on coming.", "A green traffic light above a street with one car driving by.", "The traffic lite is green as a car approaches.", "Picture of an outdoor place that is very beautiful.\n", "a close up of a traffic light above a city street "]
["Two herds of yak are grazing on a hillside with a snowy bottom landing.", "A flock of sheep are grazing on a snowy hill.", "Many yaks are grazing in a field of grass.", "Sheep on a once snowy mountain grazing on grass", "A group of sheep are on a hill by the snow."]
["a green double Decker bus stopped on the street", "A green double decker bus in a city at a stop.", "The tall green bus is at the bus stop.", "A green double-decker bus parked at a bus stop. ", "A green number 14 double decker bus at a stop"]
["A tourist looks at sheep grazing in a yard", "A couple of animals standing on top of a lush green field.", "Several sheep are grazing in grass next to a wooden fence.", "Sheep graze along a wooden fence as a photographer studies them from a stairway.  ", "A man holding a camera stands on a ramp above sheep. "]
["An empty park bench sitting in front of trees.", "A bench sitting on a sidewalk in the green and beautiful grass. ", "The wooden bench is near a trail in the park.", "A wooden bench sitting on top of a patch of land.", "The bench is empty in the park outside."]
["A large herd of sheep are grazing by the busy road.", "Sheep are grazing on the verges of a highway.", "A large herd of sheep standing in the grass near a road.", "Many sheep grazing next to a busy road.", "Many sheep are grazing in a field of grass next to a road."]
["A yellow fire hydrant in front of a bike leaning against four poles", "A sidewalk with a fire hydrant, poles, and people walking. ", "A fire hydrant and a bike resting on pole on a sidewalk", "A bicycle locked to a pole behind a fire hydrant.", "A yellow fire hydrant is on a brick sidewalk."]
["Sheep are gathered around a lone tree on the hill", "Group of animals huddling under a single tree's shade.", "This is a view of a large hill behind a tree. ", "A tree on a hill with sheep underneath it.", "A herd of animals are resting under the shade of a tree."]
["A man herding a large flock of sheep down a street.", "A person with a staff herding some sheep down a road.", "a guy walking down the street with sheep ", "A shepherd tends his sheep on a street", "A man herding sheep down a busy road."]
["Paved road with vehicles in one lane and a flock of sheep and goats in the other.", "A herd of sheep travel down one side of the road and cars coming down the other side.", "A motorcyclist and drivers navigate around a herd of sheep on the road.", "Traffic includes motorbike, tuktuk, bus, tractor, goats and sheep", "A herd of sheep on a bridge over water, taking up a lane, with oncoming vehicles."]
["a crowd of people getting on a  tour bus ", "People line up to board a bus on a sunny day.", "Many people lined up to get onto a bus.", "A very big pretty white bus and some people.", "Tour group preparing to load tour bus in tropical area where palm trees are native."]
["A blue and yellow fire hydrant next to a yellow cone.", "A blue and yellow fire hydrant in the dirt", "A neon green safety cone next to a fire hydrant painted in many colors.", "A colorful fire hydrant sitting next to a neon cone.", "Blue and yellow fire hydrant sitting next to a green cone. "]
["A flock of birds is flying around the factory structure.", "A large building with various birds flying around it.", "there are many birds flying around a tall building", "Birds fly away from the scaffolding of a building.", "an old factory building with a group of birds flying over in the background"]
["A view of a bus sitting on a street corner in a city. The picture looks old.", "a road filled with some traffic and pedestrians ", "The road is full of cars, people and a bus.", "A vintage image of a bus and cars on a street.", "A vintage picture of a street in a city with lots of traffic."]
["A gray fire hydrant sitting next to a brick wall.", "A fire hydrant jutting out a sidewalk next to a wall.", "A fire hydrant on a sidewalk sits before a stone wall.  ", "A fire hydrant on a sloping sidewalk against a wall.", "A black and white image of an old fire hydrant on a side walk."]
["The sign is telling us where the train station is located.", "An Amtrak sign sitting on top of a wooden pole.", "a street sign on a wooden pole near a fire hydrant", "Here is an image of an outdoor place. \n", "A sign in front of a railroad explaining how to board the train."]
["A man sitting in the driver's seat of a beat up bus.", "there is a very old bus that says new york on the front", "A bearded man inside of a van outside.", "An old bus being driven by a beard man. ", "A man is sitting in a van with a broken windshield."]
["A fire hydrant next to a low brick wall.", "a fire hydrant near a brick wall ", "a red and yellow fire hydrant by a wall", "a red and yellow fire hydrogen next to a brick wall", "The yellow and red fire hydrant is near a brick wall. "]
["A sheep scratches his back up against a wooden structure.", "A sheep is nestled under a hanging feeder to create the effect that he is carrying a ladder.", "A sheep rubs against the bottom of his feeder.", "A sheep is rubbing up under a wooden box in a barn.", "a small sheep standing under some wood in a barn"]
["A road block sitting over an orange and blue fire hydrant.", "A Water Dept sign is placed in front of the fire hydrant. ", "A caution sign over a fire hydrant on a pavement.", "A sawhorse is over a fire hydrant on a walk way.", "A caution sign stands up against a red fire hydrant."]
["A giraffe trying to cross a dirt road quickly.", "the giraffe is a lithe and gracefully moving animal", "A giraffe is running and crossing a dirt road", "A giraffe that is crossing a dirt road.", "A Giraffe crossing a dirt road with a small fallen tree on the side of it."]
["A giraffe in front of a large amount of plant life. ", "A giraffe standing next to a lush green forest.", "The view of a giraffe in front of a green tree.", "A large giraffe standing next to some trees.", "a giraffe standing next to a leafy tree "]
["A young woman poses by a giraffe statue which appears to give her a kiss.", "A woman standing in front of a giraffe.", "The giraffe is licking the woman's face. ", "The young woman visiting the zoo is posing for a photo with a statue of a giraffe.", "A lady in a purple shirt leaning up to a giraffe."]
["Two sheep standing next to each other in the snow.", "It's tough to find a meal under the snow.", "two sheep standing in the snow with one looking for food ", "Two sheep standing in the snow while one is nosing around in it.", "Two puffy sheep stand in the snow and one sheep has its nose to the ground."]
["A close up of two birds on a tray with bananas peels.", "Birds gather on a table of banana peels next to water and trees.", "Bananas are being dried in a tropical setting.", "Banana peels are being picked at by yellow birds.", "Birds are eating bananas from an outdoor bird feeder."]
["a large cow stairs across the snowy fields", "A mountain goat standing on the side of a snowy mountain.", "An animal standing alone on top of a snow covered hill.", "a sheep on a snowy hill with a sky background ", "A mountain. Goat on top of a mound of snow"]
["A crow approaches a cardboard pizza box on the ground and opens it", "Black bird opening a pizza box and eating the contents. ", "a bird opening a box with food and feeding it", "there is a small black bird next to a pizza box", "a bird eating out of a pizza box that is on the ground"]
["A group of books on top of a book shelf.", "A display case with a box of seed mix and a bird watchers book.", "A bunch of books on a window sill.", "a clear window with several books on display ", "Three items a box of wildflower mix, a blue book and a brown book are sitting on a display."]
["A giraffe standing next to some trees in a field.", "some trees and half a picture of some giraffes", "A photo of a large banner showing giraffes with no heads.", "A crane stands in the distance behind a sign of a giraffe's body.", "The mural,  a painting of giraffes, is displayed  in the barren woods"]
["A bird standing on top of a beach next to water.", "A large stork spreads it's wings as it lands.", "A crane with fully extended wings landing on a marshy ground.", "Vulture swooping down toward the ground in landscape.", "This bird has a long beak, long legs and a wide wingspan."]
["A doughnut shop sign hanging off the side of a building.", "There is a sign for doughnuts above a sign for soda pop.", "Two different types of signs hanging off a building.", "Two different photos of signs with advertising on them.", "two older signs hung from the side of a building advertising pepsi and donuts"]
["The view of a giraffe through some vegetation. ", "A giraffe goes about his business out in the tall grass.", "A lone giraffe standing in a green canopy opening.", "Giraffe eating from a tree behind a rock.", "a very large giraffe that is standing in the woods"]
["A busy city street at night time as some people cross the street.", "The city side street is almost empty of cars. ", "A group of people walking down a brick street with a car parked along the side.", "A group of people in street with car and signs around.", "A city street has many signs in Japanese."]
["People are standing in a shopping district with stores.", "A man on a yellow bike sits in the street under signs.", "There are many signs attached to the buildings in the city.", "There are many signs on a busy downtown street.", "A very cluttered Chinese street showing many business signs."]
["A couple of street signs sitting on top of a metal pole.", "A pole that has two street names on it.", "Up close photograph of street sign at the intersection of Main and High streets", "A two way street sign with the Words Main and High.", "A street sign indicated the intersection of main street and high street."]
["A white and blue bird is perched on a tree branch that is sitting next to a bunch of bushes.", "a small white and black bird is standing on a branch", "A black and white bird with a long tail, perched on a branch.", "A bird perched on top of a leaf filled tree.", "The black and white bird is perched on a branch."]
["A road wet from rain, and clouds still on the mountain. ", "Two street signs, with a road and some hills in the background.", "A street sign next to an empty rain covered street in front of a mountain.", "Long road with a sign titled Jackson River RD and East Main St.", "A rain-wet residential street lined with trees and old homes."]
["THERE IS A PERSON THAT IS SITTING IN THE BOAT ON THE WATER", "a woman in a red and white boat water and trees", "A woman riding in a boat on a sunny day.", "A women who is sitting on a boat.", "a person riding inside of a boat on a body of water "]
["A parade on the street with a person riding an elephant.", "a parade with an elephant wearing a sign that says\" i love new york\"", "Few persons are seen on zebra crossing on road and an elephant with a banner is there.", "a group of people walking down the street in a parade witha elephant that says i love new york", "A man is riding an elephant with and \"I love NY\" sign."]
["An elephant with a person on top of it in a street. ", "An elephant wears an I Love MY blanket in a parade", "A person riding an elephant down the street in front of a crowd.", "A man that is standing on top of an elephant.", "A person riding on top of an elephant on the street.  "]
["A beautiful woman in a black skirt getting off a train.", "a woman with a blue suitcase getting off a train ", "A woman gets off a train with her luggage.", "A woman posing for a picture holding luggage.", "A young woman holding a suitcase disembarking from a train car"]
["A woman in white and black dress with suitcase on train.", "A lady is on the entrance of a train holding her luggage.", "A woman holding a suitcase standing on the stairs of a train car.", "A woman with tattoos in a dress poses with a blue suitcase on a train.", "A woman with a suitcase getting off of a train."]
["A bunch of birds that are standing on a pier.", "Seagulls stand on a cement outcropping over water with city lights in the background .", "A jetter next to the sea with a city in the vicinity", "A flock of birds sitting on top of a wooden pier.", "Birds bunched together outside perched on a long object.  "]
["A bulldog is unhappy about wearing a hat.", "An English Bulldog with a hat on top.", "A closeup photo of a bulldog wearing an Army style hat.", "A bulldog wearing a hat posed for a picture.", "A bull dog looks at the camera while wearing a hat."]
["A CGI man sitting on top of a CGI hospital bed.", "A man in a hospital bad with a man sitting on the edge of his bed.", "An image of a guy sitting on a bed with a patient.", "a computer animation of a man sitting on the foot of a bed and a patient in the bed", "A computer image of a man sitting on a hospital bed where another man is."]
["A birthday cake is decorated like a fire engine.", "A cake that looks like a toy train with a face on it.", "A cake shaped and frosted to look like Thomas the tank.", "A Thomas the Train birthday cake looks delicious.", "A toy cartoon train is sitting on a red carpet mat."]
["Birds flying over a sandy beach and landing on a platform.", "A flock of birds flying over a sandy beach.", "Seagulls at the beach with the ocean and people in the background.", "Four birds are landing on cement steps near a beach.", "A LOT OF SEAGULLS FLYING AROUND AT THE BEACH"]
["A train cake sitting on top of a metal shelf.", "A Thomas the train engine model cake with writing on the platform.", "A cake in the shape of a train. ", "A large Thomas the Tank Engine birthday cake.", "A home made thomas the train birthday cake."]
["a mirror reflecting the platform at a train station", "A train parked next to the empty train station .", "A mirror hanging from a building, showing the reflection of a different building. ", "A mirror and a train at a station.", "A red train is parked in a train station next to a hill with houses."]
["The large blue train is covered with rust.", "A rusted train parked on the rail road .", "A blue railroad train sitting on the railroad tracks", "The last rail car sitting on the train tracks and attached to the car in front of it", "A blue train going down the train tracks. "]
["A bird perched on top of a wooden power pole.", "a black bird standing on top of a power pole ", "A bird is on the top of a telephone pole.", "A black bird perches at the top of a telephone pole.", "A vulture is perched atop a telephone pole. "]
["A monitor showing a film on an airplane.", "A television screen shows some visual entertainment with subtitles.", "A television is on the ceiling of a bus.", "The television is turned on the television in the kitchen.", "A monitor is mounted on the ceiling inside a building."]
["Two birds who are looking out of the cage they are in.", "Two birds in an enclosed area outside during the day.", "An outdoor cage with tall, thin colorful birds.", "Some long necked birds with feathers in a cage.", "two large birds strutting inside of a fence"]
["The lamb is nursing for milk from his mother.", "The baby boat is drinking milk from it's mother.", "A baby sheep that is nursing from an adult sheep.", "a group of sheep stand inside of a caged area", "A baby goat drinking milk from a mother goat."]
["Two birds standing side by side on a branch", "Two birds standing beside each other on a branch.", "Two birds sitting on narrow branch next to each other looking opposite ways", "Two brown and black birds with ruffled feathers are standing on a tree branch.", "a close up of two birds on a branch of a tree"]
["Subway train pulling into the station for boarding.", "Blue and grey 95th street subway train in the subway.", "The train is riding through the inside of a tunnel.", "A public transit train going through a station.", "A passenger train moving through an underground tunnel."]
["A silver passenger train traveling past another train.", "a pair of trains are passing each other on the tracks", "two trains passing over a train tracks in the city", "Two trains on the tracks near a city.", "Trains making their way down the track in a rail yard."]
["Train traveling on tracks through city near glass buildings.", "A long train traveling past tall buildings on train tracks.", "A train moving along the tracks headed away from a group of tall buildings.", "A train engine and several cars moving along a track in a city.", "A train in a train yard in front of tall buildings."]
["A couple of sheep standing on top of snow covered ground.", "Two lambs standing around in the snow eating grass.", "Two sheep standing in snow covered field with their faces near the ground.", "The hearty sheep are eating the grass in the snow.", "The two sheep are out in the field with snow on the ground. "]
["A sheep sniffing the back of a cat in the snow.", "A sheep standing next to a cat outdoors in the snow.", "A sheep sniffs a cat while standing in the snow.", "A lamb with it's nose next to a cat.", "This is a picture of a sheep and kitten."]
["A bird with a long neck sitting in a tree filled with leaves.", "a BIRD WITH A LONG NECK PERCHED IN A TREE", "A bird with a very long neck is standing in a tree.", "A large bird sitting among the branches of a tree.", "a bird in the branches of a tree"]
["A blue sign in front of a bamboo enclosure.", "A single sign stands in front of bamboo fencing. ", "A small blue sign reads \"Chemin du Letsay\"", "The blue sign is posted in front of a fence.", "A blue sign in front of a bamboo wall."]
["A woman holding an umbrella over another man.", "A woman holds a black umbrella for a man.", "A man is standing with his hands in his pockets while a woman with a purple hat is holding an umbrella over his head.", "A woman in a purple hat holds an umbrella over a man.", "Two people wearing fine clothes, one holding an umbrella."]
["A bridge built over a water is shining lights at dusk.", "The lights of vehicles are shining as they cross a river bridge. ", "A picture of a bridge in the evening.", "Lights shine on a bridge over a river at dusk.", "The span bridge covers a very wide expanse."]
["A colorful bird is perched on a branch.", " A red and blue bird is sitting on a branch.", "a red and blue bird that is sitting on a branch", "A colorful bird perched on a branch in the wild.", "A red and blue bird standing on a twig."]
["A green train traveling down train tracks next to another train.", "A green passenger train is at the station.", "Two trains that are sitting on the tracks.", "A locomotive train engine sitting at a station with passengers.", "A locomotive train engine sitting in a station with passengers.", "A green train drives by people on the platform."]
["A train traveling down tracks next to trees.", "A train is on some rail way tracks. ", "A train engine is traveling down some tracks", "A multi car train parked on train tracks near trees.", "An antique rail road engine on the tracks"]
["there are any trains that are seen on the tracks", "A blue train traveling down train tracks near a forest.", "A blue train is stopped on some train tracks.", "A train sitting in a station. The train is blue.", "Blue train engine at station near lamp post."]
["A black steam engine pulling a small passenger car.", "Several railroad tracks at a station and various locomotives on each track.", "A black train parked on top of rail road tracks.", "a train yard with several stopped trains waiting to go", "there is a black train that is on the tracks"]
["A train traveling under a bridge next to a bunch of trees.", "A black train is driving under a bridge.", "A black train going down the train track", "A steam train is parked on the train track.", "A black train passes under a small bridge."]
["A train traveling down train tracks next to trees.", "A train traveling down train tracks during the day.", "A train on the tracks at a train station ", "Two trains on tracks very close to each other.", "the back of a train going down the tracks."]
["A train traveling down train tracks next to a lush green hillside.", "A train is coming into a station with people waiting.", "A person wearing glasses and a hat standing on a platform as a train enters.", "A steam train arriving at a train station.", "A passenger waits for a train arriving at the platform."]
["A green train traveling down train tracks with steam pouring out of it.", "Locomotive engine traveling on tracks with steam billowing.", "a long train is sitting on some tracks", "A black train on a train track with steam coming out.", "a train that is on a old train track"]
["A train that is sitting on the tracks.", "A train driving down the tracks near trees.", "The passenger train is pulling grey train cars. ", "A green, red, white and blue train in on the train track.", "a train that is on a rail road track"]
["Elaborate Toronto Blue Jays professional baseball cap cake", "The blue and white hat has a bird on it", "Large blue bird sitting on a baseball hat on a table. ", "The blue baseball cap is sitting on a table. ", "A blue hat is sitting on a table."]
["There is a one way street at the corner of Henry St. and Love La.", "Street signs on the corner in front of a red bricked building.", "an orange red and green bricked building and some signs", "Directional signs and street signs on one pole. ", "four road signs giving different information by a brick building"]
["A pedestrian crossing sign sitting on a street corner.", "A pedestrian sign on the corner in the city.", "a cross walk sign in a busy city as light up the walk symbol", "A lit \"Walk\" sign on a city street corner at night.", "A illuminated sign that is on the side of a pole."]
["A train passing through the greenery and a person standing in engine.", "A train that is nearby a colorful garden full of flowers and plants", "A train on the railway with a man looks outside", "A large train on the tracks with a man inside.", "A photo of a train with a person stand on the train."]
["A woman standing over a sheet cake sitting on top of a table.", "A LADY IS HAVING A CELEBRATION AND LOOKING AT HER CAKE", "A lady in a hat standing in front of a big cake. ", "A woman wearing a hat while looking at a cake.", "A woman in a silly hat cuts the cake."]
["A street sign showing what roads go which ways.", "A street sign on a bridge in an asian language. ", "a japanese street sign on a bridge with a sky background", "A chinese city sign at a traffic light on an overhang.", "A blue sign posted on an overpass that people walk across"]
["a train getting ready to go into a tunnel ", "there is a train that is about to go through a tunnel ", "A red and black train driving through a bridge tunnel. ", "A train leaving a tunnel passing another train ", "Two trains are passing each other through a tunnel."]
["a sign in a cityscape light sup in the rain", "Street signs are on a pole in a big city.", "a no right turn sign and a traffic light", "A traffic light sitting on top of a traffic pole.", "A street light and street sign in Thai writing on a city street with an overpass behind it."]
["A train engine and passenger cars pulling in to a station.", "A vintage locomotive with red cars next to a platform.", "Train sitting on the track at a train depot.", "A train pulling into a station with several carts behind it.", "An old fasioned locomotive arriving at a train station."]
["A train traveling through a dark tunnel next to green brush..", "A train is coming through a brick tunnel.", "a train going through a tunnel with greenery on side of tunnel", "a train going through a tunnel and by some plants ", "The view of a train entering a tunnel taken from one of the cars"]
["A locomotive crossing on a street with the arm down to stop traffic as the train is passing through.", "No crossing sign in front of a train track with a train.", "a gate blocking the road until the train goes by ", "a red and white train some trees and some railroad crossing lights", "A railroad crossing with the gate down as a train goes by."]
["An electric fence with a sign behind it that says \"A flood can happen anywhere.\"", "a sign is hanging near a tall fence", "a giant sign behind a large barbwire fence", "A white sign that is behind a fence.", "A large sign up over a fenced in area."]
["In the evening, a store front sign sits on the sidewalk near a blue car parked at the curb. ", "a car parked on the street at night next to a street sign", "A vehicle passing near a sign advertising desserts.", "A sign on the sidewalk for crepes, icecream and gelato", "A blue car passing a sign that reads \"crepes ice cream gelato.\""]
["An orange street sign that reads \"obstruction\" and has a directional arrow.", "A truck in the road beyond an obstruction sign.", "A street sign warning of an obstruction ahead.", "A construction sign that says obstruction with an arrow.", "an image of a construction sign on the sidewalk"]
["A guy is near a busy street in a foreign country.", "Man standing at edge of busy road in metropolitan street.", "The man is standing beside a busy street.", "A young man is standing away from the traffic. ", "cars traveling on a busy road in Asia"]
["A street sign at an intersection with tropical trees in the background.", "there are two white signs on a pole ", "A street sign sitting in front of a lush green palm tree forest.", "A pair of street signs sitting in front of trees.", "two signs each point in different and seperate directions "]
["A red stop sign sitting next to country road.", "A stop sign and a view of a crossroads with several utility poles around.", "Two stop sign on street corners on the street", "A stop sign at the end of a road with a stop sign at the other end.", "A close up of a stop sign in a small town."]
["This stop sign is in a different language but its meaning is universal.", "A red stop sign in a foreign country. ", "A stop sign on a street corner with a building in the background.", "A stop sign is at the corner of the street.", "A French stop sign on a street corner."]
["A Stop sign is at the corner of a grassy area.", "There is a stop sign with another sign under it.", "A stop sign on a pole on a city street.", "a street sign on the corner of a road ", "A stop sign stands at an intersection of two streets."]
["A car parked behind a fence next to a red train.", "A red passenger train is on the tracks.", "A view of a train station from the parking lot.", "A red train is stopped at a train station.", "a train on a track near many trees "]
["People standing around looking at a small train on a track", "a black and red train sitting on a train track with workers on it ", "A couple of people standing along side of a train engine.", "Older red and black locomotive with attendants and onlookers.", "people standing near a train that is blowing smoke"]
["A large red stop sign next to a box sitting on a sidewalk.", "A stop sign sits on a corner near a trash can.", "A stop sign at the corner of a small town with cars lined up in the backdrop.", "Stop sign and rubbish bin in residential neighborhood", "A stop sign and a garbage can on a street sidewalk."]
["a couple of people are standing near a train", "A black and white picture of a train inside a building", "A train waits at a platform where people on bikes are.", "A train stopped at a train station with roof.", "a person on a bike near a train "]
["A single rail kart not moving on the tracks. ", "A train sitting on top of tracks next to tall buildings.", "The group is waiting for the subway train", "A train that is sitting on the tracks in a rail yard.", "Old train car and railway with buildings in the background"]
["We are looking a train in the distance.", "a train on a track near some buildings ", "an empty area at a large train station", "A large long train on a steel track.", "A train engine parked at a train stop."]
["A train car riding the railroad in a city.", "A tall building sitting next to train tracks.", "Some tracks for a rail way system near a building ", "Multiple railroad tracks directly next to a gallery building", "A train passing by a bunch of buildings"]
["A train station with a few people standing beside the train.", "Food stands are set up on the platform of a train stop.", "Three people are standing near the train while others look on. ", "A group of people standing by a white and green train.", "People getting on and off a passenger train at a station."]
["A stop and street sign on a pole.", "a pole with a stop sign and a funny street sign", "A stop sign with a street sign on top of it.", "A stop sign with a blue sky and a few clouds.", "Stop sign with a street sign for Bugg Lane."]
["A car's lights on a traffic sign at night. ", "A good place for a Stop sing to get some attention.", "There is no image on this page to describe.", "there is a stop sign in the middle of this street", "a stop sign lit up by some car headlights "]
["A small toy train on a model track.", "A toy model train station with a train on some tracks.", "A small model railroad set up with a yellow train", "A model train rides along the tracks in front of the model station.", "A train has has matching paint with a nearby building."]
["A long train traveling past passengers on a platform.", "A train at a stop where people are boarding", "People are standing ready to board a train.", "A train that is sitting at a station.", "A train at a station waiting for people to board. "]
["A parking meter sitting next to a parked car.", "parking meter in front of a truck mirror", "A truck front door parked close to a parking meter", "A grey van is parked beside a parking meter.", "A truck is parked in front of a parking meter. "]
["A train in a station with a person in yellow clothes nearby", "A high speed train parked at a station.", "The train is sitting in the train station", "A train that is sitting on a train track.", "A passenger train that is going into a station."]
["A stuffed frog stuck between two parking meters in front of a car.", "A toy frog is sitting in between two parking meters.", "A frog puppet in between two parking meters", "a couple of parking meters sit next to a car ", "A toy from jammed between two parking meters."]
["A man in a hat standing next to a parking meter.", "A selfie of a man in a hat on the street.", "A young man with ear phones holding something.", "A person on the street with ear phones neara parking meter.", "A man wearing ear buds and Reebok clothing looks up from the sidewalk."]
["Only a child would leave a toy in between two parking meters.", "A yellow and green toy frog positioned between two parking meters", "A green with yellow spot plastic frog between two parking meters.", "A toy frog sitting outside in the rain getting wet.", "A frog is sitting on the two parking meters."]
["A black dog comfortably sits atop an easy chair sitting in the bed of a pickup truck.", "A dog sitting on a chair on the back of a truck.", "A dog sits on a couch in the back of a pickup truck. ", "A dog riding on the flat bed of a truck.", "A dog is sitting in a cushioned car seat buckled in."]
["a dog that is laying down next to a truck", "A brown dog laying outside behind a blue truck.", "A dog that is laying behind a truck.", "A dog laying on the ground in the middle of the road.", "A dog lying on the sunny cement behind a parked truck."]
["An old, rusty blue pickup parked in the weeds.", "An old truck sits in the grass under some trees. ", "A picture of a car in some grass.", "a close up of an older rusted car", "The front and have an old blue pickup truck."]
["A time clock with a white hard hat on shelf.", "Workman's safety helmet on a shelf under a punch clock.", "A helmet set on a table under a time clock", "A hard hat sits on a shelf below a punch time clock", "A hard hat is stored on a shelf under a time clock."]
["A man brushing his teeth with a tooth brush.", "a close up of a person brushing his teeth", "A man who has a toothbrush in his mouth.", "A man is brushing his teeth wearing winter clothes.", "Human being having fun and enjoying some life. \n"]
["two flat bed work trucks among palm trees", "A truck driving down a dirt road net to a lot of trees.", "Two work cars in the middle of a forest. ", "a black and white truck a dirt road and trees", "Two trucks in the field with palm trees", "a black and white truck a hill and trees"]
["A horse walking through a grassy field while two cows eat hay. ", "A horse and cows graze in a grassy field on a cloudy day", "A lone horse and two cows in a beautiful green field on a dreary day.", "one black horse and two cows in a field", "A couple of cows and horse standing in green field"]
["A cowboy leads a cow through a paddock.", "A man walking with a cow on a leash.", "A farmer leads his bull across the lot.", "A man holding a cow in a pen with a rope attached to its muzzle.", "A man leading a cow on a green leash"]
["Some animals that are eating some hay together.", "Horses and cows are eating hay close together", "The cattle are annoyed by the lone horse hogging all the hay.", "A lone horse eats hay with the cows.", "Some cows and horses are outside grazing together."]
["Two zebra standing next to each other in a grass covered field.", "A mother and baby zebra walking in the grass", "A zebra and its child are walking side by side.", "A zebra and colt stand in muddy grass of a field.", "One adult zebra and one young zebra walking through the grass"]
["A cat is sitting under a purple umbrella.", "a cat sitting under an open umbrella indoors", "A cat sitting underneath an open umbrella on the floor", "a gray and white cat under an umbrella", "Cool cat sitting comfortably under an open umbrella"]
["A cat with a yellow bow tie on.", "A very fat cat looks into the camera lense", "A cat wearing a yellow bow tie with it's eyes closed.", "A black cat wearing a yellow bow tie.", "A black cat wearing a yellow bow tie."]
["Two black cows grazing in a grassy field", "Two cows eating grass in a foggy field.", "Two large cows in a grassy field area", "Two black cows are eating grass next to the hill. ", "The two cows eat at the grass in the field."]
["One brown cow sitting on top of the rocky ground.", "a cow is laying down in the sand", "A brown cow laying on top of a sandy beach.", "A large cow laying on the bare ground with a grassy field behind it.", "A large animal is shown laying in a barren area."]
["A herd of cows drinking water from the river", "Four cows drink from the water near each other.", "A number of cows standing in the water drinking", "A herd of brown and white cows drinking from a lake.", "A herd of cows drink out of a stream."]
["Cars traveling on a three-way with large truck in the middle", "There are bars on the back of a truck on a freeway. ", "Vehicle traffic in city area on cloudy day.", "a blurry picture of cars headed down a highway", "A bunch of cars that are sitting in the street."]
["A group of bikers riding down a street in traffic.", "a line of people on motorcycles on the road", "The people riding bikes are travelling down the road.", "A line of moped riders are driving on the side of the road.", "some people riding motorcycles cars a street and trees"]
["a cat is laying down on a blue chair", "A cat sitting on a chair, that is blue and yellow.", "A cat relaxes on a wicker and wood chair with another black cat and other chairs in the background.", "2 cats one on a chair in an outdoor cafe. ", "A cat sits on the wicker of a blue chair"]
["A herd of cattle grazing on a dry grass covered field.", "a number of animals in a field with trees in the background", "A group of cows mill about in a grassy dirt field. ", "A group of cows standing with each other in a field.", "There is a lot of cows that are standing in the field"]
["A cat laying on top of a chair as it sleeps.", "An orange and white kitten laying on a chair.", "The cat stretches out on the colorful padded chair.", "A yellow and white cat sleeps on its back on a chair.", "A cat sprawls out and sleeps on its back on a lounge chair with an acorn theme."]
["a tabby and black cat lounging on a sofa ", "Two cats, one black one ginger on a dark couch.", "An orange cat is lounging on a gray couch.", "A cat is lying down on top of a couch with a blanket.", "Two cats on a couch with one looking at you."]
["Photos of two ferrets sleeping in a pet bed", "Two ferrets are lying down in opposite directions.", "A couple of small animals laying on top of a blanket.", "A photo of a white Ferrat and a brown colored Ferrat laying in a bed.", "Two pictures show two different rodents in different colors but they are the same species."]
["A group of people standing next to a red fire truck.", "people standing outside of a building with a fire truck", "People standing around on a sidewalk by the firetruck.", "A group of people gather next to a fire truck parked at a curb.", "A firetruck is parked curbside as people are on the sidewalk of a city street."]
["A bald cat sleeping on a blanket on top of a bed.", "The shaved cat sleeps on the colorful comfortable", "A hairless cat lying on a patchwork quilt.", "A cat is laying on a hand made quilt.", "A naked cat laying on a red and pink quilt."]
["a black cat is laying on a bed", "A black cat lying on its back sleeping on a bed.", "A black cat lays of a multi-colored bed spread", "Cat stretching on back on bed, reaching towards the sky", "A black cat lying on his back on a bed."]
["A trash truck is next to a glass with a straw.", "A compact style dump truck is pulled alongside a building.", "A small delivery truck parked in front of a building.", "A man driving a street sweeper truck down a street.", "A garbage truck drives through an alley in a Central American city"]
["a girl looking closely at her cell phone holding her cat", "A girl stands in front of a mirror with her cat and takes a picture", "a woman holding a cell phone and a cat in front of a mirror", "This girl is holding a cat and a cell phone.", "A woman taking a selfie with a cat next to her.  "]
["A cat standing inside of a dresser drawer.", "How did that cat end up in the file drawer?", "A drawer of a chest is open and some files are seen in it and a dog is entering it.", "a cat stand inside of a drawer ", "The cat is standing in the file cabinet drawer."]
["Text written on a photo of a cat shutting in front of a television ", "A cat sitting in front of a TV with Frasier on display.", "A cat sitting on VCR in front of a tv that is turned on.", "A black cat is standing in front of a TV.", "a black cat sitting in front of a tv while someone is trying to watch tv"]
["A pretty young lady using a laptop computer with a black cat on top of it.", "The black cat is ready to help get the computer work done.", "A girl sitting on a couch with a cat on top of her laptop. ", "A woman on a couch with a laptop computer is interrupted by her black cat.", "A woman sits on the couch as her cat walks across the open laptop she is holding. "]
["The people are sitting on the dock beside of the water", "The ships are out in the water in a distance.", "A boardwalk next to the water with people and birds walking and setting.", "Two people who are sitting next to a bench on a pier.", "some people are sitting out by the water"]
["A woman holding a small child that is trying to pet a cow.", "Two adults and a child interacting with a black and white cow.", "A lady and a small kid by a big cute cow.", "there is a young baby that is feeding a cow", "Children are petting cows that are behind a gate. "]
["a cow walking next to a person on a city street", "There is no image here to provide a caption for.", "A man walks down the street next to a cow with horns.", "Person and cow walking on snowy street next to a wall.", "A man walking down a road with a cow in a village."]
["A farm with a herd of cattle grazing on it's green open fields.", "A barn on a field is surrounded by black and white cows.", "Cows standing in a field on a farm.", "A herd of cows graze in an open field", "A herd of cattle grazing outside a barn."]
["A woman standing next to a black cow on a lush green field.", "a woman with a blue purse is petting a black cow", "A young woman pets the head of a cow. ", "A woman is petting a cow that is lying in the grass.", "A woman pets a cow in a grassy field."]
["A man pats a cat that is standing in his lap.", "tHERE IS A MAN SITTING AT THE TABLE PETTING A CAT", "A man using a computer and stroking the cat in his lap", "a man sits in front of a computer with a cat in his lap", "A man wearing a hat sitting at a table holding a cat."]
[" A cat on top of a closed laptop on a desk. ", "A cat that is sitting down on a table.", "A cat is sitting on a laptop by a window.", "A white cat resting on top of a laptop in a window", "A cat is laying on top of a closed laptop."]
["Longhorn cows stand or recline in a barn.", "A barn with several cows lying down in the saw dust and along horned cow standing up", "A group of bulls laying down in a medal shed.", "Cows sitting in an enclosure on grass covered ground.", "Animals being held in an enclosed area during the day."]
["A cat on a leather chair next to remotes", "A cat sitting on a couch with two remote controls. ", "A cat sitting on top of a brown leather chair.", "A cat is sitting on a leather couch next to two remotes. ", "A cat sitting in the chair with two remotes on the arm of the chair."]
["A large herd of cows on a field.", "a herd of a cattle grazing in the grass", "A field with cows and bulls grazing int the grass and a fence in the foreground.", "a bunch of cows that are walking in grass", "A big herd of cute cows in a big grass field."]
["an elephant standing by some trees with it's trunk in the air ", "an elephant with its mouth open and some bushes and trees", "An elephant stands in grass in front of trees and shrubs. ", "An elephant lifts his trunk in a grassy field", "An African elephant raises its trunk from the bush"]
["A couple of hipsters standing next to each other.", "A young man and woman are posing together.", "I am unable to see the image above.", "A man and a woman standing together near the wall", "a couple of people standing together by a wall "]
["Three zebras are running up a grassy hill", "Zebras are on the top of a grassy hill overlooking a bright blue sky.", "A few zebras running along a grassy field.", "Three zebras are running in a grassy hillside.", "A couple of zebras are grazing in a field"]
["A man with a suit stands behind a row of chairs in the middle of the afternoon.", "A man in a black suit standing on a grass field.", "A formally dressed man standing near several rows of folding chairs.", "A man wearing a black suit and tie holding a chain.", "A man is holding a white chain outside wear many chairs are set up."]
["A couple paddling in a canoe on a river", "a man and a woman rowing a boat through the water of a lake", "two people are on a canoe on the water", "A woman riding on the back of a boat with a paddle.", "Two people row a boat in a river."]
["A boat floating on a lake next to a tree covered shore.", "A ship on the water on a foggy day", "A sailboat sitting on a lake surrounded by fog.", "A sailboat sits alone on the shore on a foggy day.", "an image of a boat that is in the water"]
["An elephant statue has pink accouterments on it.", "A sculpture of a green elephant with red markings on it.", "An elephant is sitting on a surface with a design on its trunk.", " An shot of a nice looking elephant nick-knack ", "A picture of a toy elephant on a table."]
["THERE IS A DESIGN OF AN ELEPHANT ON THE SHELF", "The cake is decorated like a tent with an elephant in the door.", "A circus decor topper for a cake is being displayed.", "A model circus tent with an elephant and a boy riding on it.", "A cake shaped like a little bear sitting in the entrance to a tent."]
["the boat is tied up on the lake ", "A boat tied up at the shore of a river.", "A boat parked in a  harbor next to smaller buildings.", "A boat is parked in a body of water", "A painting of a boat on the water with buildings on the shore."]
["A baby elephant in dirt area next to a fence.", "A baby elephant is walking in the dirt. ", "A baby elephant running on a dirt road.", "A cow walking in the sand towards the fence. ", "The elephant is walking along the trail near the fence."]
["A man sitting on top of a boat with lots of supplies.", "People in Oriental country selling food on raft", "A person in a boat loaded with fresh fruit.", "Several people in boats full of vegetables and fruit, with a market in the background.", "A person with a hat sitting in a boat with several fruit."]
["A woman riding on a boat filled with supplies.", "A lady is observing the containers of food. ", "A woman sitting in a boat filled with fruit. ", "A person sitting in a small, narrow boat filled with produce.", "A person sitting on a small boat in the water."]
["a man wearing a nice shirt tie with a view of the chest area", "a man wearing a striped tie and  a dress shirt ", "We are looking at a closeup of a tie.", "The man is taking a picture of his ugly tie", "A person with a black, grey and green striped tie on."]
["A few people are getting to know one another in affection. \n", "two men sitting at a table and talking to others ", "Two men are sitting at a world economic panel.", "A man speaking at the World Economic Forum with someone else in the background.", "A couple of men sitting next to each other."]
["An elephant is walking on a pile of sand outside a building.", "An elephant is by a tire and a pile of dirt.", "An elephant stands in an exhibit near a wall with some rocks and a tire nearby.", "an elephant holding straw with its trunk and walking in a dirt field.", "An elephant in captivity walks past a mound of sand."]
["Two baby gray elephants standing in front of each other.", "Two elephants are touching each other on thier trunks.", "Two elephants touching trunks with each other in grass.", "Two elephants touching each other during the day.", "the two elephants torching each other with their long mouths "]
["A man sitting on top of a hair next to a  woman.", "a person wearing a suit and tie sitting in a chair ", "A man in a black suit sits in an uncomfortable chair.", "a man in a suit sitting in a white chair ", "A man sitting in a chair wearing a suit and tie."]
["A smiling young man sits in a chair with ties on his shoulder. ", "a man sitting on a couch with a tie drapped over his shoulder", "A smiling young man sitting with several neckties over his shoulder.", "A man is sitting down with two ties on his shoulder.", "The guy has three ties on his shoulder."]
["A man with glasses and a tie clip sits in his car.", "A man wearing a tie driving a car.", "A man in a camp shirt, necktie, and glasses driving a vehicle.", "A man wearing a purple neck tie and glasses while sitting in a  car.", "A young man in a black shirt and purple tie driving an automobile."]
["A person in a car wearing dark glasses, a shirt, and tie.", "A woman with short black hair and square glasses wears a tie and a gray shirt.", "A person sitting in a car wearing glasses and a tie.  ", "A person sitting in a car wearing a tie.", "a person wearing glasses and a tie in a car"]
["A man riding an elephant down a dirt road.", "Man in carrier on top of Indian elephant.", "A elephant being ridden by a little boy.", "A man hitching a ride on an elephant.", "An man is riding an elephant on the walkway."]
["an elephant walking through the weeds in the forest", "A baby elephant walking through a forest next to trees.", "Elephant in a forest with a lot of underbrush.", "An elephant walking through tall grass near trees. ", "An elephant standing in scrub brush in a wooded area."]
["Two photographs of elephants in a rocky area.", "Two shots of elephants near rocks and a fence.", "An elephant inside of their enclosure playing with logs and eating.", "Elephants move about an enclosed habitat surrounded by a fence.", "Split photo showing elephants in zoo like enclosures."]
["a small elephant walks in a lush forest", "Elephant walking through the wooded area full of trees and tall plants", "Multiple elephants walking through a heavily wooded area", "Three elephants roaming through many trees and bushes.", "A baby elephant is seen walking through the jungle."]
["A man sitting on the head of an elephant.", "A person is riding on top of an elephant.", "A man riding on top of a baby elephant.", "An Asian man sitting on an elephants head.", "A boy is riding an elephant in the forest."]
["A man sitting outside under an umbrella using a laptop.", "a man that is under a blue umbrella", "A man in a suite sitting in a chair with a laptop and holding an umbrella.", "A young man dressed in a suit sits under an umbrella. ", "A man sitting on a chair with a laptop holding an umbrella."]
["a young boy is holding up some balloons ", "a small kid holds on to some balloons ", "a small boy in a blue shirt with a flag and some balloons", "Boy holding American flag and bunch of balloons.", "The child is sitting holding an American flag and balloons. "]
["View of outdoor seating area in backyard from garden.", "An outdoor table and chairs in a garden area ", "This backyard has alot of shrubbery with a small sitting area in the middle", "A view of a court yard with a table and chairs. ", "A table and some chairs near some trees."]
["A photo of a marina with boats at dusk.", "A moon lit harbor filled with lots of small boats.", "The moon overlooking the boats in the harbor.", "Sail boats moored in the water with a full moon over head.", "Sailboats in a marina under a full moon"]
["two men in suits standing next to each other ", "A couple of people that are posing for a picture.", "Two men in suits and ties posing for a photo.", "Two men next to each other making faces.", "Two men sitting next to each other in front of a brick wall."]
["A crowd of people riding on top of a yellow and white boat.", "A bunch of folks on a very nice looking speed boat in the water.", "Several people on a boat with life jackets on in the water. ", "a yellow and white boat is out in the water", "a small boat in a body of water "]
["An animal walking through a river on water.", "A boat makes a large splash in a quiet body of water.", "A power boat on a body of water with a large water spray behind.", "A boat races over a pond with trees in the background.", "The boat makes a big splash in the water."]
["A person with long blonde hair wearing a blue shirt with a brown tie and blue white flowers.", "A person has a blue shirt and a tie with flowers on it.", "A woman wearing a blue dress shirt and brown necktie that has a design on it.", "A woman wearing a men's neck tie over her ample breast.", "A woman wearing a floral tie, trousers, and a fitted shirt."]
["a group of elephants standing around with some people sitting on their backs ", "a bunch of elephants are standing in a field", "A group of elephants with people riding them.", "Elephants and riders standing in grassy area in old photograph.", "A group of people ride on top of elephants."]
["A group of elephants with one elephant raising it's trunk and dust and dirt coming up behind it.", "Three elephants kick up dust as they walk through the flat by the bushes.", "A heard of elephants with one's trunk raised.", "Elephants walk together through the grass kicking up dust.", "Elephants in a national park blowing dust around"]
["A display case in front of a store filled with umbrellas.", "a number of opened umbrellas behind a display glass", "A bunch of umbrellas that are behind a glass.", "A shop with umbrellas that are viewable through the glass. ", "a store front with an array of colorful umbrellas"]
["A woman holding an umbrella in a square.", "A lady holding a bag and covering herself with umbrella on the street.", "a close up of a person holding an open umbrella", "A woman smiles on a street while holding an umbrella.", "A girl with a yellow umbrella smiles for a picture."]
["A rack with lots of umbrellas sitting in front of a store.", "A bunch of umbrellas sitting in a basket in a store", "A basket of umbrellas are displayed in a clothing store.", "A display with umbrellas sits in the center of a store. ", "a rack full of closed umbrellas outside a shop"]
["A small herd of elephants walking together through a watering hole.", "A large elephant and three small elephants walk through a shallow river on an open plain", "A group of elephants walk through the water.", "A group of elephants in water next to grassy area and trees.", "A herd of elephants walking along a river."]
["Numerous boats in a street lined body of water.", "A very long river filled with many boats.", "Rows of boats are docked along a waterway.", "A group of boats that are sitting in the water.", "A bunch of boats along side a river bank."]
["A young man with curly hair looking off to the side", "A man with curly hair sitting on a train.", "A man with curly red hair looks away from the camera on a train.", "A man with a tie is looking at something ", "A man in a tie and vest looking to his right."]
["A large group of people on a couple boats in the water.", "two rafts with people with life vests one boat is red the other white", "Two inflatable boats are at full capacity on water.", "Two boats with people wearing orange flotation devices.", "Groups of people on boats ride on the water."]
["A herd lf elephants walking across a grass covered forest.", "Elephants out in the wild eating grass ", "Two elephants that are standing in the grass.", "What does the elephant have at the end of his trunk.", "A group of elephants walking through a grassy area with thick trees behind."]
["this is a man talking wearing a suit", "Two men standing beside each other both wearing ties.", "two people wearing suits and ties near one another ", "A person that is wearing glasses and a suit and tie. ", "Two people wearing suits stand next to each other."]
["A large elephant walking through a lush forest hillside.", "a giant elephant with it's snout up eating ", "An elephant with dried out ski standing against a shrubbery.", "An elephant with dried out skin standing by a shrubbery.", "an elephant is standing over by some trees", "a elephant with tusks walking through the brush"]
["some elephants are walking across a grassy field ", "A herd of elephants walking in grassy area with skyline in background.", "A very large herd of elephants in a big grassy field.", "A group of elephants walking in a huge field. ", "A group of elephants is walking across a grassy field."]
["A guy is standing in an airport with several bags of luggage.", "A male standing behind eight pieces of luggage.", "A man standing up in an airport with a group of bags and backpacks in front of him on the floor.", "A man is standing near several bags of luggage. ", "A man stands alone with many luggage bags."]
["an elephant in a field of grass with trees near by", "An elephants steps out from behind the brush.", "The elephant is standing behind a shrub and a tree.", "An elephant stands, partially obscured by a tree. ", "A large grey elephant standing in a field next to a tree."]
["an image of two elephants doing down the grass", "Some elephants are standing in the middle of a field. ", "Two elephants in the field moving along during the day.", "An elephant and it's baby in a field of grass.", "Two elephants walking in a grassy field next to a hill."]
["A woman kneeling down near an elephant to touch it's trunk.", "The people are attending to the elephants while others watch. ", "Two people petting a group of fenced in elephants.\n", "Man and woman petting a large group of elephants.", "some people messing around with some elephants "]
["This must be the Boston Commons on a  spring day when there is a light drizzle.", "People walking around a lake with swans and geese", "People in a park by a pond with swans and ducks.", "There are some people walking with umbrellas by people sitting on a bench.", "there are many people by the river hiding umbrellas"]
["a building that has some umbrellas in front", "Several people dining outdoors, near a pool, beneath multicolored parasols.", "Groups of people sit at outdoor tables covered with umbrellas. ", "The people are eating outside by the water.", "Several tables with umbrellas near a lake with animals in it."]
["A trunk full of backpacks and other bags.", "The back of a car packed for vacation.", "The back of a car loaded with suitcases and boots", "The back of the car is full of duffel bags and a pair of boots. ", "A trunk is packed with backpacks and boots."]
["A baby elephant standing in front of a brick building.", "An elephant is standing near a dirt mount in an exhibit.", "Grey elephant standing next to a large sand dune in a pen. ", "An elephant standing alone inside of an enclosure.", "The baby elephant is alone in the pen."]
["Two adults and one baby elephant walking in the wilderness", "A group of elephants in an open grassy field.", "Two adults and one baby elephant standing in tall grass.", "A herd of elephants playing in the grass.", "Three elephants in a field next to each other."]
["A small elephant is walking in an enclosure by the fence.", "THIS IS A PICTURE OF A VERY YOUNG BABY ELEPHANT WALKING ALONG A FENCE", "An elephant walking along a fence line away from the camera man. ", "An elephant walking in an enclosure in the sun", "An elephant walks next to a fence in a field."]
["Two adult elephants and a child elephant walking in the woods. ", "Two adult and one baby elephant walking in the forest.", "A couple of large elephants and a baby are in the wild. ", "two adult elephants walk with a baby elephants ", "Three elephants walking down a dirt coated hill."]
["A group of people standing next to bags of luggage.", "Four people standing in a room with luggage. ", "A family getting ready to leave to go somewhere. ", "These travelers have their luggage in a hotel lobby", "People in a hotel standing near many different luggage containers."]
["A woman standing in an alley way holding an umbrella.", "A person stands under an umbrella on a sunny day.", "A woman on the street holding an open umbrella.", "A lady with a hat and a bag standing on a street sidewalk.", "Woman folding umbrella on the narrow city streets."]
["A small dog standing next to a potted plant wearing a collar.", "Little dog has been playing in the flower pot.", "A dog standing near a potted plant outside. ", "A small dogs with a wet mouth. ", "A fluffy white dog stands next to a planter in the back yard. "]
["A elephant that is standing in the dirt.", "An elephant in a ditch like area with trees in the background.", "An elephant with an aged look standing in a zoo.", "An elephant is standing outside by a wall.", "An elephant standing around in a pen, during the day."]
["Elephant emerging from tree line walking through forest", "An elephant with tusks walking through the woods. ", "View of adult elephant seen through the trees", "An large grey elephant walks beside a forest.", "A close shot of a elephant near bushy landscape."]
["A picture of a person a dog and a horse.", "A woman with a larg brown horse and a tan and white dog.", "A woman holds her horses head while a dog sits nearby.", "A woman in a red coat with a horse and a dog in front of stacks of hay.", "a person standing near a horse and a dog "]
["A black dog running in a pen with a horse.", "A horse and a dog running together in an exercise yard.", "A dog is running alongside a horse in a corral.", "A horse and a dog playing together in a pen.", "a dog running next to a horse at a farm "]
["Two elephants are standing by the trees in the wild. ", "A couple of elephants standing next to trees.", "Two elephants are standing in the grass near a tree..", "A couple elephants walking by a tree after sunset. ", "A couple of elephants standing by some trees."]
["A baby elephant walking in sand at the zoo ", "A small elephant walking in front of a larger elephant. ", "A baby elephant is pictured walking through the sand.", "this baby elephant is dragging its feet in the dirt", "a baby elephant walking in front of his mama"]
["A young boy standing with luggage as adults are socializing.", "A young child in a tie with a suitcase. ", "A young child carrying a small piece of luggage.", "A boy carrying a mini-suitcase outside and wearing a tie.", "The young boy is in the yard,  with his hand on his luggage, while adults focus on other things in the back ground"]
["Couple of elephants standing near the gate at their zoo habitat", "A couple of elephants standing next to each other .", "Two elephants stand with trunks against large tubular fencing", "a close up of an elephant with another elephant", "A elephant pressing its trunk against a gate"]
["A black piece of luggage sitting next to a tire donut.", "A suitcase lying on the ground with a spare tire and jack.", "A suitcase on the road next to a tire jack and tire", "black luggage,black  wheel, and cartage out side.", "A black case on the ground with a small tire and jack."]
["A dog wearing a leash laying next to an orange frisbee.", "A dog with a collar on laying down next to a frisbee", "A dog lies in the grass next to a Frisbee.", "A frisbee on the ground next to a dog sitting in the grass.", "A dog that is laying on the ground next to a Frisbee."]
["That doll has really dark and black eyes.", "A doll with huge eyes and black hair with blunt bangs holds a red umbrella. ", "A doll with dark eyes holding a red umbrella in front of a flowery background.", "an emo doll holding a red umbrella next to a black and white wall ", "A small doll has a red fan and black hair."]
["A black and brown dog is laying on the pavement.", "A brown and black puppy sits in the sun.", "A brown dog laying on a step near a door mat.", "A young German Shepard puppy perks his ears up while lying down.", "A dog on the floor and a carpet behind it"]
["A small teddy bear is on a strange chair.", "A toy sleigh filled with plush items and a teddy bear.", "A sleigh is crafted with gifts and a teddy with pillow and blanket.", "A polymer clay sculpture of a teddy bear and gifts in Santa's sleigh.", "A plush couch with green and black stripes and a red blanket."]
["A woman with outstretched hands and an umbrella above her head.", "A little girl that is throwing a umbrella in the air.", "A girl is standing in a mud puddle holding an umbrella. ", "A girl standing in a puddle throwing an umbrella in the air.", "Woman throwing umbrella into air on frozen lake"]
["A couple of bags in the back of a car.", "A photo of black luggaes in the back trunk of a car ", "Luggage and other essentials in the trunk of a car.", "Luggage nestled in the open trunk of a car", "Two suitcases are placed in the trunk of a car."]
["A person walking along a dock holding an umbrella.", "A person is walking along a dock with an umbrella.", "Black and white photo of a person with an umbrella on a dock", "A person with an umbrella walks on the docks.", "A person dressed in black, holding an umbrella, standing on dock."]
["Adult with suitcase with purple tag at indoor facility.", "A person holding a suitcase with a tag on it. ", "Someone's hand rests on a large piece of black luggage.", "A person's hand on a black carry-on style bag with a pink tag on the handle.", "A bag of luggage with a purple tag hanging off it's side."]
["A group of people walking down a wet sidewalk.", "People walk with umbrellas near a large glass building. ", "People with umbrellas are walking down the street in the rain.", "a bunch of men are walking down a sidewalk", "A group of people walking down the street with umbrellas"]
["The people are at the airport with their bags", "adults and children in walkways near escalators with luggage lined up.", "a group of people that have a lot of bags", "A large group of people are by some escalators.", "a number of people standing around a large group of luggage bags"]
["A small tricolor terrier dog in a pink collar.", "A dog sitting  and alert looking a something.", "A dog pays attention to something out of frame.", "A close up view of a very cute scruffy dog.", "A small dog with a collar in a room."]
["three adult brown bears standing around staring at something", "there are three brown bears standing outside together", "Filtered photograph of three brown bears under sky.", "Three bears that are sitting next to each other.", "Three brown bears beside each other with a blue background"]
["The cruel dog owners stapled the frisbee to the dog's head in a cruel effort to compose a funny picture.", "A dog with large ears pokes his nose through a wheel with red spokes.", "A very cute dog with his nose in a big red circle.", "A dog with it's head sticking through a frisbee.", "A brown dog with its head stuck in a frisbee."]
["A large white polar bear walking through the snow.", "A polar bear is standing in some snow", "A polar bear in the snow near water licking his paw.", "a polar bear on snow near a body of water", "a polar bear standing in the snow with its reflection in the water"]
["A small dog sitting on a wooden chair.", "A dog sitting in a wooden rocking chair outside.", "A tiny gray and white dog sits in a rustic wooden chair.", "a little dog sitting on a small chair made of wood", "A small dog is sitting on an old-fashioned rocking chair."]
["A brown bear standing next to a giant rock.", "A bear sitting on a paved rock ground.", "a brown bear sitting by a big rock", "A large bear is sitting near a rock in an enclosure.", "Looking down at a bear that is sitting by a big rock."]
["A guy reaches for a Frisbee at a beach.", "A young man catching a frisbee on a sandy beach.", "a man on the beach reaching up for a frisbee", "a man playing with a disc on the beach or near a small lake ", "A man is catching a frisbee on a beach. "]
["a girl holding a frisbee in a pretty dress in the grass", "a little girl holding a frisbee walking next to a grown up ", "A young girl is holding a yellow frisbee", "A girl in a flower dress playing with a frisbee.", "A young girl holds onto a small toy Frisbee."]
["Boy in bathing suit at beach playing ring toss game. ", "guy catches a frisbee ring on a stick while playing the game on a beach", "Boy in swimsuit playing with a frisbee on a beach.\n", "a person on a beach with a pipe and a frisbee", "a child at the beach is running an playing with a circular object "]
["A zebra statue in front of a business sign.", "A fake zebra is standing under a sign.", "A zebra statue standing under a large sign.", "A statue of a zebra in front of a store. ", "A zebra statue outside of a building zoomed in closely."]
["Four black and white zebras standing next to each other.", "In a grassy field, zebras gather and socialize", "two zebras standing together while putting their heads on each other ", "A couple zebras touching noses over the back of a third zebra.", "A line of four zebras standing in the grass."]
["A dog chewing on a object held in a hand.", "A dog biting on a red piece of cloth.", "A black and white dog playing with someone.", "an image of a dog biting a bone", "A cute little dog biting on something a person is holding."]
["A sharp, sawtoothed blade on this tool has some hair on it.", "a device with hair on it on a wooden floor", "A metal contraption laying down covered in animal fur.", "A conventional shaving tool on a table filled with leftover hair.", "A metal tool sitting on top of a wooden deck."]
["A man holding a white frisbee while standing on a field.", "A man standing outside holding a frisbee in his hands. ", "a man is outside holding onto a frisbee disc", "A smiling man in the park with a frisbee.", "A MAN IS HAVING A GOOD TIME PLAYING FRISBE"]
["a girl jumping in the air to catch a frisbee", "A girl jumping to catch the frisbee thrown.", "A womqn jumping in the air to catch a frisbee.", "Woman leaping in air to catch flying disc in large open field.", "The woman in the red shirt jumps up to catch a Frisbee. "]
["Three zebra standing on a road in a grassy field.", "Three zebras walking along a dirt road in the savannah", "Three zebra are standing on an old gravel road.", "Three zebras are in a large grassy field.", "Three young zebras standing in a Savannah plain. "]
["Two dogs survey the framing of a house addition", "Two dogs standing near an unfinished room add on.", "Two white dogs wandering around an unfinished house", "This house is getting an additional room and two dogs are near it.   ", "two dogs standing next to the wooden frame of an unfinished room."]
["A sleeping grey husky wearing a green bandana.", "A husky with a bandana is laying on the floor sleeping.  ", "a close up of a dog laying on a wooden surface", "A husky is sleeping while wearing a green bandana.", "A dog that is laying down sleeping on the floor."]
["A dog standing on a bed in a room.", "a brown Labrador is getting ready to jump off a bed", "A brown dog on a white bed with window in background.", "A dog is standing on a bed near a window.", "A dog standing on a bed looking down at the floor."]
["A brown dog laying on a  pillow on the floor.", "a dog resting on the floor next to a pillow and a shelf of books.", "A brown dog laying on some clothes and a pillow on the floor.", "A dog sleeps on the ground in someones bedroom.", "a dog laying down on a bag and pillow "]
["An adorable dot resting on a beach near the ocean.", "A dog resting on the beach at dusk.", "A Shiba Inu laying down on a beach by the waves.", "The dog is one the beach lying on the wet sand, his  paw prints showing how he played in the waves.", "A pretty dog is laying in wet sand."]
["A wet black dog with its face covered in sand.", "A dog is shown with sand on its nose.", "The black dog's nose is covered in sand.", "A close up of a black dog with sand on its nose.", "a wet black dog has some sand on its nose"]
["some zebras are eating green grass and a hill", "Four zebras are grazing in the open field.", "Four zebras are grazing on a grassy green field.", "The zebras are munching on the vegetation in the field.", "the zebras are all eating grass in the plains"]
["a man playing a game of frisbee in a lush green park.", "A dad and daughter throwing a frisbee on a grassy field.", "A small girl is playing frisbee with a man.", "An adult and a young child play with a frisbee on a grassy field in 2006.", "A little girl throwing a frisbee to a man."]
["A few boys appear to be playing Frisbee near a fountain. ", "A group of kids holding frisbees playing in an area of spouting water.", "A group of kids playing in fountain with frisbees.", "Children playing around in a dancing water fountain.", "Kids playing with Frisbees in a outdoor fountain."]
["a couple of zebras are standing in a field", "Three zebras, two adult and one youth, grazing in a field.", "Some very pretty zebras in a big grassy field.", "a couple of zebras standing in a field", "A picture of a zebra family and a colt. "]
["a couple of zebras that are walking down a field", "there is a adult zebra and a young zebra walking together", "A small and large zebra walking on a grassy plain.", "The two zebras are walking together in the field.", "A couple of zebra walking across a beach."]
["Two zebras grazing on some grass with some shrubbery around them.", "There are two zebras here eating from the grass", "Two zebras bending over eating grass in a grassy area.", "two zebras are eating some grass and some trees", "Two zebras are grazing in the field that is scattered with small trees."]
["Two police officers on horses in front of a building.", "The mounted officers ride near buildings with flags on them.", "Two cops riding on the back of black horses.", "A pair of policemen on horses standing watch.", "Two policemen riding horses down a city street."]
["Two horses with red feathers on top of their heads.", "A couple of white horses standing in front of a building.", "Two white carriage horses with red feather plumes.", "Two white horses with red plumes pulling carriage.", "Two horses have feathers on their head. "]
["A white pony standing on its back legs with feather wings.", "A picture of a white flying horse figurine.", "a drawn picture of a horse with wings", "A white horse on hind legs statue with wings.", "A small figurine of a unicorn on a cloud"]
["a carousel horse has a rose in its mane", "A figure of a white horse with a blue bridal", "A statue of a horse with blue reins.", "A white glass horse wearing a blue bit.", "A white horse head, part of a merry go round."]
["A 6 year old's birthday cake with horses on a top.", "A large cake with horses on a table.", "Several plastic animal figures are on a cake.", "A large sheet cake decorated to look like animals on a green pasture.", "A green birthday cake has miniature horses on it."]
["a square cake with many squared layers on top of one another", "A three tiered white Christmas themed cake with mistletoe accents ", "A large stack of square shaped cakes sitting on a lit table.", "A holiday cake with holly designs on it.", "A covered stool has Christmas packaged on it."]
["A zebra rolling around on it's back in a  field.", "A couple of giraffe in a large grass field.", "A very cute zebra rolling in the dirt as another watches.", "a zebra on the ground on its back ", "A zebra standing next to another rolling in the dirt."]
["A single horse that has been tied to a tree.", "A brown horse is tied to a tree near a white truck.", "A brown horse standing next to a white truck.", "a horse with reins tied up to a tree ", "a brown horse tied to a tree near a white truck"]
["a lady petting a white horse that is pulling a carriage ", "A white horse pulling a carriage of people", "a horse stands attached to a carriage, being touched by a woman", "A white horse pulling a carriage down a street.", "A white horse stands at the side of a road, pulling a carriage."]
["The zebras are eating grass in the fence.", "Four zebras are grazing at a nature reserve.", "Zebras grazing on sparse grass in an enclosure at an animal park.", "Zebras graze in a grass and bush fenced enclosure.", "four zebras grazing in enclosed area with shade trees"]
["A zebra eating grass next to a wire fence.", "A lone zebra lowering its head to eat.", "A zebra is outside enjoying the grass before him", "A zebra eating some grass in front of a fence", "a close up of a zebra behind a fence "]
["A horse with a saddle tied up to a fence.", "A wooden chorale with horses some saddled, some not.", "Group of horses with reins attached to wooden fence relaxing ", "a horse stands at its stall in a field", "Horses some in coral, two with saddles and blankets. "]
["Two zebra standing next to each other on a  dirt field.", "Two zebras standing idle by a vehicle with a mirror.", "Two zebras are standing side by side in the dirt.", "Two short zebras with big heads stand side by side.", "Two zebras look at the visitors to the wildlife park"]
["A man riding a brown horse down a city street.", "An older man is riding a horse down the street.", "A cowboy rides a horse down a city street", "A man on a horse on a street near people walking.  ", "a man on a horse rides through the streets while others watch"]
["a woman with flowers in her hair staring at the horse next to her", "a person next to a horse on a beach", "The girl is holding the horse and looking at its face.  ", "A girl with colorful clothing with a horse on a beach.", "A girl stands on the beach with a horse."]
["A group of people that are standing next to a horse and cart.", "Two men talking to a man in the horse drawn carriage. ", "Two men are talking in front of a horse with a cart. ", "a black and white photo of a person near a carriage", "a couple of people stand next to a being pulled by horses"]
["a plate with meat and potatoes on it ", "A white plate topped with meat and potatoes.", "A plate has meat, cauliflower, and a piece of something green.", "A plate of food with meat and vegetables. ", "an image of a plate with meat and potatoes"]
["Snow skiers in line skiing down a mountain range.", "A party of skiers skiing down a large mountain.", "People enjoying the snowy slopes on a sunny day", "a bunch of people skiing on snowy hills", "Many skiers on a slope high up on a mountain"]
["Still frame of fruit on a plate including pineapple, bananas and an orange.", "A plate with an orange, pineapple, and bananas. ", "A plate of different types of fruit on a table.", "A pineapple, bananas and oranges on a plate.", "A pineapple, orange, and bananas sit on a plate in a kitchen."]
["A cookie sitting on top of a piece of paper.", "The cookies have chocolate and oats in them. ", "Small clump of home made granola bars on table. ", "an oatmeal and chocolate chip cookie sitting on a piece of parchment paper", "The cookie dish includes different fruits and nuts."]
["The people are moving across the snowy mountainside. ", "Many people with skis go up a mountain.", "A large group of hikers climb a mountain in the snow. ", "A group of skiers attempt to go up a large snowy mountain.", "A large group of skiers go up a mountain together."]
["A banana sitting next to an orange and apples on a wooden table.", "an orange on top of an apple next to a banana.", "Group of spoiled fruit sitting next to each other. ", "A number of various types of fruit all stacked on each other.", "Banana, orange and two different types of apples."]
["The pitcher beings to throw the baseball from the mound", "a baseball player that is standing out at the pictures mound", "A baseball player for the San Francisco Giants prepares to pitch a ball in front of a crowd.", "A man throwing a baseball from a mound on a field.", "A baseball player throwing a ball during a game. "]
["A baseball player pitching a baseball holding catcher mitt.", "A baseball player takes a body stretch to launch the ball.", "A baseball player for the Giants in the motion of throwing a baseball.", "A pitcher is just about to throw a good fastball. ", "Professional baseball player about to throw the ball"]
["A collection of fruits and vegetables sitting on a stove top.", "some different fruits and vegetables sitting on a stove", "A stove top oven topped with lots of fresh fruits and vegetables.", "Fresh fruit and vegetables on a stove top", "Fruits and vegetables are on the stove top in the kitchen."]
["Kids smiling and showing sportsmanship after a little league game of baseball.", "Two youth baseball teams passing by each other in a line.", "Team players shaking hands with the opposite team on the field. ", "Many different baseball players are standing together. ", "A group of children showing sportsmanship after a baseball game."]
["A produce stand shows a minimal amount of frui.", "a couple of booths with fruits and vegetables ", "Fruit stands with bananas, pineapples, oranges, and other fruit.", "a bunch of bananas and other fruits at a market front", "some bananas pineapples and other fruits on some shelves"]
["a little girl hold a bundle of bananas", "A girl holds a small bunch of miniature bananas on a branch.  ", "a african girl have a pretty thing in her hand", "An adorable little girl hanging onto a bunch of ripe and unripe bananas.", "A little girl is holding on to a branch"]
["A woman standing on ice holding skis in flip flops.", "A woman in a pink jacket and sandals holding skis and poles.", "The woman is standing in the snow holding skis.", "A woman standing in partial snow with skees wearing sandles.", "a female snow skier is holding her skis and poles"]
["a couple of young kids play a game of basketball", "A boy swinging a baseball bat during a game.", "A catcher catching a baseball behind a batter.", "a catcher holding onto a baseball during the game ", "A little league baseball player is swinging the bat to hit the ball. "]
["Some skiers are going down a snow covered hill.", "There is smoke rising off the top of a ski resort", "There are some people skiing in the snow in the mountains.", "Skiers are going down a steep slope on a cloudy day. ", "Skiers go down the slopes of the mountain a midst the clouds."]
["Benches of fruit on display at a market", "A produce isle filled with fruits and vegetables.", "Grapes, watermelon, oranges, mangoes and pineapple for sale in a store", "Many fresh vegetables are on a market table.", "A display of fruit including grapes, papaya, melons and pineapples."]
["A pile of orange sitting inside of net bags.", "two  bags of oranges in orange net bags", "Bags of oranges sitting on a table in a store.", "A bunch of oranges piled up and sealed in net bags.", "This is several red mesh bags of oranges."]
["A man in a yellow shirt stands in a dirt circle.", "a number of baseball players on a field ", "A pitcher standing on a mound on top of a baseball field.", "An amateur baseball game with palm trees in the background", "A group of people on baseball field with trees in the background."]
["A couple of men running across a lush green field.", "Two baseball players running at a baseball field. ", "Two baseball players in the process of running the bases", "Baseball players are advancing to the next base a head of them", "We are looking at a baseball game in progress."]
["A young man swinging a baseball bat on a field.", "a young male hitting a baseball bat on first base in a baseball field", "A batter tries to hit a pitch in a baseball game.", "A group of people on a field playing baseball.", "A man swinging a baseball bat with two other men behind him as others watch."]
["A chicken dish with broccoli and mashed vegetable with bordeaux wine", "A plate of poultry and broccoli with a bottle of wine.", "A plate with baked chicken, broccoli, a bowl of mashed potatoes, and a wine bottle.", "A plate with chicken and broccoli on it.", "Circular plate filled with broccoli and chicken next to a bowl of mashed potatoes, and bottle of wine"]
["A pile of broccoli is being displayed on a plate.", "A vegetarian meal with some sauce sitting on a plate.", "A close-up of a plate of vegetables containing broccoli.", "A white plate holds a broccoli dish. ", "A white plate topped with vegetables.covered in sauce."]
["This person is frying her bananas on the stove.", "A stove top with three pans of food cooking on it.", "Someone is cooking bananas and a cream sauce.", "a close up of bananas frying in a pan on a stove", "A person cooks food on three different hot plates. "]
["A white bowl with shrimp, broccoli and rice.", "Broccoli and shrimp in a white bowl with chopsticks.", "Broccoli and shrimp are on top of noodles", "Chopsticks rest on a bowl of shrimp, broccoli and noodles.", "A dish of prepared food has rice, broccoli, and shrimp."]
["A cat sitting on couch biting into a banana.", "A cat sniffing a banana on a couch.", "A cat sniffing a banana on a couch.", "A white and black cat sniffing a banana on couch.", "A black and white cat is sitting on a couch and sniffing a banana."]
["A man on skis is posing on a ski slope. ", "A person on a ski mountain posing for the camera. ", "A man n a red coat stands on the snow on skis.", "A man riding skis on top of a snow covered slope.", "A lady is in her ski gear in the snow. "]
["A little league baseman couching by his base.", "A small boy with a baseball glove stands in a ready position in a baseball field.", "A little boy in a baseball uniform leaned over to field a baseball.", "A young boy who is in baseball uniform in position.", "a small kid with a baseball glove on gets ready to play "]
["Woman holding a banana pointed at the camera.", "A woman holding up a banana to her nose, as she holds her lips wide open.", "a lady with some kind of weird gadget in hand", "a girl showing the end of a banana and shes making a face", "There is a woman holding up a banana."]
["A beautiful women holding a large yellow banana with her mouth wide open.", "Young women with green knit hat holding banana.", "A woman holding up a banana and smiling.", "A smiling woman holds a banana up in the air. ", "The girls is holding a banana and smiling."]
["A beautiful girl holding a giant banana in her hands.", "A girl with a green hat and black hoodie is holding a banana close to the camera.", "A women holding a very large looking banana.", "A person wearing a hooded garment and holding a yellow banana.", "A woman is smiling and holding a banana."]
["A beautiful woman with blue eyes holding a banana.", "a lady that is holding a large banana", "Woman holding up a banana in her hand inside a building. ", "A woman holding a yellow banana and wearing a green hat. ", "A girl shows a banana to the camera. "]
["A small garden area features a few springs of growth and a small busy plant and a few bricks.", "close up of a garden with shrubs growing", "A garden is in the process of growing outside a fenced area. ", "Weeds growing amongst the ferns and dry grass.", "Several green garden plants growing inside of a mesh fence."]
["A woman sitting on a plane with plates of food.", "A woman that is sitting on a plane near a window.", "A woman is holding a plate of food.", "A woman enjoys a drink and slice of cake from an airplane seat.", "a young girl sitting on an airplane holding a plate of cake"]
["A pan filled with food sitting on a stove top.", "A pot of soup is being prepared on the stove.", "A pot of vegetable soup is cooking on the stove.", "A spoon is resting in a pot of vegetables.", "A pot on the stove with broccoli, tomatoes and other ingredients with a wooden spoon inside."]
["A group of men on a field playing baseball.", "An umpire in the field, talking to the batter.", "Umpire having a conversation with batter on a baseball field.", "A baseball game with the batter and umpire out by the pitching mound ", "A baseball player who is talking to an umpire."]
["A plate of food with a cream sauce on it", "A plate topped with a frosting covered piece of cake.", "A food entree is served on a plate.", "a desert on a plate with white cream and a fork with it", "an image of a plate of desert topped with ice cream"]
["A plate filled with pasta and vegetables on a table.", "some noodles broccoli and carrot pieces in sauce", "A plate with flat noodles, strips of carrot, and broccoli.", "Colorful pasta dish on white plate including shrimp, carrots and broccoli.", "an image of a plate of noodles cheese and broccoli"]
["A skier stands posing on a flat area in front of the lodge.", "A man in skis and winter gear at a ski resort.", "A man standing on a pair of skis wearing a black jacket", "A man standing on skiis in front of the lodge.", "a man that is skiing across some snow"]
["A man standing in a field with a baseball.", "A pitcher who is holding the baseball behind his back.", "A man in black jersey holding a baseball behind his back.", "A baseball player leaning in for the pitch.", "A baseball player prepares to throw out a pitch."]
["A close up image of a pepperoni broccoli and cucumber pizza. ", "A pepperoni, zucchini and broccoli pizza with a white sauce.", "A vegetarian pizza with broccoli, fake pepperoni and cucumbers.", "A pizza with pepperoni, broccoli and cucumbers on it.", "Close-up shot of a pizza topped with fresh vegetables and pepperoni."]
["Cooked broccoli and cauliflower covered with creamy cheese.", "Cooked broccoli with cauliflower on top of it.", "Someone is eating some cauliflower mixed with broccoli ", "A dish with broccoli and cheese is shown in close-up.", "Closeup of a tray of food that includes broccoli and potatoes."]
["A multi colored dish with broccoli and white twisted pasta in it.", "There is a plate filled with pasta and vegetables.", "Closeup of a green and purple plate of pasta and broccoli.", "A plate of salad of macaroni and broccoli .  ", "A closeup of a pasta dish with broccoli."]
["A man holding a bunch of green bananas over his right shoulder.", "An Asian man holding a bunch of bananas with a cap on.", "A man carrying a bushel of bananas over his shoulder.", "A man is holding a bunch of freshly picked bananas.", "A man carrying a bunch of bananas over his shoulders."]
["A plate featuring steak with sauce, broccoli, and mushrooms.", "A piece of meat with a sauce net to broccoli and a mushroom.", "A piece of meat and other food items sitting on a plate", "a big white plate that has some food on it", "A plate of food with a mushroom cut in half, one piece of broccoli and meat with a sauce on it. "]
["Several cross country skiers skiing at night over the snow.", "Several people skiing on a trail at night.", "skiiers and snowboarders making their way down a trail", "A group of men riding snowboards down a snow covered slope.", "A group of skiers are on an upward slope in the dark."]
["A man working on ski bindings with other ski gear around in a living area", "The man is fixing his two skies so the shoe will fit.", "A man sitting on the floor adjusting his skis", "A man looks at his ski equipment inside his family room. ", "A man sits cross legged fixing skis on the floor."]
["The dog is dwarfed by his human walker.", "A person holding a dog by a red leash.", "Small dog with red harness being held by a man with grey shoes.", "A man takes a picture of his dog on a leash.", "A man walking his dog with a red leash."]
["A person rests his skateboard on his toe.", "Someone is balancing a skateboard on the their toe.", "A person in dark pants standing and holding a skateboard.", "close up of a skateboarder's pants with his board resting on one of his shoes", "This skateboarder is holding a skateboard on top of his foot."]
["a pizza with tomatoes broccoli cheese and other toppings", "A burned pizza with tomatoes, broccoli and cheese", "A meal covered with a lot of broccoli and tomatoes. ", "A photo of mixed vegetable soup in a bowl.", "A pizza topped with lots of veggies and cheese."]
["A white white topped with pasta, mushrooms and broccoli.", "A tasty looking plate of pasta with some broccoli and mushrooms.", "a close up of a plate of food with broccoli", "Some broccoli, noodles and mushrooms mixed together in plate.", "A plate of egg noodles with broccoli and mushrooms. "]
["Two people posing with skis and a snowboard on a mountain.", "Two people holding snowboards standing together with a sign.", "People are standing in the snow while holding snowboards.", "The two people are holding skis and a sign. ", "two people holding ski boards standing on a snow covered area."]
["a guy riding a skateboard at a skate park", "The young skateboarder is trying one of his first tricks.", "A person on a skateboard at the top of a small bowl at a skateboard park.", "A young man skating alone on a slope", "A man skateboarding on a ramp at a skateboard park."]
["Pasta and vegetable salad served in bowl with meat and cheese.", "A bowl that has vegetables, pasta, and meat in it.", "Bowl filled up with pasta salad with broccoli", "a bowl of pasta salad with broccoli carrots and ham", "A glass bowl holds the ingredients for a cold pasta salad."]
["Skillet filled with salami, broccoli and other vegetables.", "A pan that is full of some broccoli and other vegetables and some meat.", "A stir fry of several different vegetables and sausage in a skillet.", "Pan on a stove cooking brightly colored meat and vegetables.", "Ham, broccoli and carrots in a skillet on the stove."]
["A bunch of yellow and red apples are shining.", "A shiny, red apple on top of other apples.", "There red apple has a stem on it. ", "A pile of red and green apples sitting on top of each other.", "One red and green apple in focus among other apples"]
["A skier pauses at a fork in a forest trail covered in snow.", "A man riding skis up the side of a snow covered slope.", "A skier goes cross country consulting a sign", "Man on snow skis in a heavy snow with high drifts", "A man is standing on a snowy path surrounded by evergreen trees."]
["A white bowl filled with lots of green broccoli.", "A picture of something and it appears like food.\n\n", "A bowl of broccoli sits beside a lemon wedge.", "A lemon wedge sits beside a bowl of broccoli.", "A bowl of brocolli on a cutting board."]
["A couple of young boys with skateboards pass a city bus", "Two men with skateboards while one is riding.", "Two young men are outside skateboarding together. ", "One person rides a skateboard, while another person walks alongside, carrying a skateboard.", "Two young men are skateboarding on the street."]
["a skateboarder in a black shirt is doing a trick", "A man riding a skateboard on a walkway surrounded by people.", "skateboarder performs trick on street as people watch", "A guy is in mid air as he leaps over a skateboard.", "A person that is doing a skateboard trick."]
["A plate with a food entree on top is shown.", "A white plate that has food on a counter.", "A plate of broccoli and potatoes covered in cheese.", "A plate holds a portion of a broccoli casserole.", "A meal of broccoli and cheese on a plate on a table."]
["this is a few heads of broccoli in a box", "Packaging for broccoli florets found at the grocery store.", "A close up picture of green broccoli florets.", "A close up image of a bag of Broccoli florets.", "A portion of a package of frozen broccoli"]
["A food closeup shows a blend of pasta noodles, corn, tomato bits, sections of broccoli, and croutons.", "A blue bowl filled with noodles and vegetables.", "A bowl full of a pasta dish looks very yummy.", "Food consisting of noodles, broccoli, tomatoes, bread crumbs and seasoning.", "Some type of pasta salad with noodles, corn, and broccoli."]
["A picture of a plate of food on a table.", "A dish made of cauliflower and broccoli covered in sauce.", "Broccoli and cauliflower florets are served with a glaze ", "Broccoli and cauliflower covered with sweet and sour sauce.", "chicken and broccoli dish with some kind of what looks to be sweet and sour sauce."]
["A dish of macaroni and cheese, french fries and broccoli are sitting on the table.", "some pasta and fries sitting on a plate ", "A bowl of pasta shares a plate with fries and broccoli.", "Various foods are sitting in bowls and plates", "some broccoli noodles in a bowl and fries on a plate"]
["A plate full of broccoli and asian noodles.", "A plate of broccoli and noodles sits on a surface.", "There is a plate of broccoli and noodles on the countertop.", "A plate of broccoli sits on the table.", "A white plate of steamed broccoli and noodles"]
["A dinner plate with a stir-fry dish of broccoli and rice.", "a white plate with brown rice and broccoli", "A plate of rice, onions and broccoli on a white plate", "Rice and broccoli on a plate sitting on a table. ", "White plate with green and brown mixed food on it. "]
["Close up of a plate with broccoli and shrimp, with some broth.", "Someone is eating broccoli and shrimp for dinner", "A white plate with blue trim full of broccoli and shrimp.", "A plate of broccoli and shrimp stir fry.", "The plate contains shrimp and broccoli with a brown sauce."]
["White plate with blue rim featuring seafood with vegetables and rice.", "A white and blue plate holding fish and broccoli on rice.", "A large piece of chicken on a plate with broccoli. ", "a close up of a plate of food with broccoli", "A large piece of meat that is set on top of some rice and broccoli. "]
["a square plate with all kinds of vegetables on the plate", "A view of a plate of food , that looks very decorative. ", "A person is holding a board with sliced vegetables.", "a small plate with some vegeatables being held by a person", "Some food that is sitting on a napkin."]
["Fast food displayed on a table with sandwich and soup", "A sandwich and soup sit on a table.", "A burger sitting next to a cup of soup and crackers.", "A hamburger and a cup of soup on a table.", "a table that has some food on it"]
["Three people in white shirts and ties on skateboards.", "Three people skateboarding with cement and large crowd", "Three teenagers are riding skateboards next to each other.", "Three young people ridding skateboards in the city.", "Three kids are wearing suits and ties, and are skateboarding. "]
["A group of people riding skateboards across a walkway.", "Several people wearing helmets and riding skateboards in front of a building.", "Many people ride their skateboards with helmets on.", "a group of people are riding their skate boards down a sidewalk", "Boys and girls ring on skateboards at a park.\n"]
["Many people with skateboards on a large sidewalk. ", "The men are riding their skateboards outside together.", "Longboarders at some congregation for the sport with professional wear.", "Many young men are skateboarding on concrete outside a building.", "a bunch of people on skate boards ride on some cement"]
["A group of skateboarders riding their skateboards on a sidewalk.", "A group of boys riding skateboards with backpacks on.", "Several people on skateboards riding them on cement.", "A group of skateboarders atop a concrete surface.", "A bunch of guys on their skateboard with their helmets on."]
["a couple of kids are standing by the bushes", "two young children in a garden eating greens", "two kids are picking plants in the garden", "two small children wearing hats and standing in a garden", "Some small boys with hats are in a garden."]
["A grey bowl full of orange and green vegetables.", "Assortment of cooked vegetable in bowl with spoon for consumption.", "A bowl full of asparagus and carrots, with a spoon.", "a close up of a bowl of food with carrots ", "A spoon sits in a bowl of carrots and asparagus."]
["A bowl of carrots and green beans with a spoon.", "stir fry with carrots, asparagus and seasoning containing a spoon ", "A mixture of asparagus and carrots in a bowl", "Cooked sliced carrots and asparagus on the table.", "Asparagus and carrots in a bowl with a spoon."]
["a wooden cutting board with cheese, bread and a knife on it.", "A cutting board topped with cheese, bread and a knife.", "A cutting board with carrots and thin breading.", "Sliced bread and cheese sits on a cutting board with a sharp knife.", "Carrots, bread and knife on top of cutting board"]
["A couple of skis beneath two ski poles.", "Crossed ski sticks and skis on white snow.", "Skis and handles positioned out in the snow for a picture", "A picture of two skis and two poles. ", "skis and matching ski poles on snowy background"]
["a man doing a big jump with his skateboard ", "Two pictures of a man jumping a trash can on a skate board in different time settings.", "A boy is jumping his skateboard over a trash can.", "A man riding a skateboard over a trash can.", "A man is jumping over a trash bin on a skateboard."]
["A skier navigates a turn on the course at the Olympic Games.", "a person that is skiing across some snow", "Competitive Skiier turning for respective flag in race ", "A skier is leaning into a curve on a downhill course.", "A cool guy on skiis does a trick down a hil"]
["A person on skis flying over a snow track. ", "A skier leaning to turn on a snow covered hill.", "Skier, in full professional gear, in the middle of a downhill speed race.", "A man skiing down the side of a snow covered slope.", "A man downhill skiing at a very quick pace."]
["Skier leaning in the direction of a flag going down a ski trail. ", "A downhill skier engaged in an Olympic competition.", "A man ice skating in the snow near a flag on  the side.", "Near a bright red sign  skier in red, white and blue skis down a slope.", "Competitor in a down hill ski race during the Olympics"]
["A photo of a man standing on snow skis and holding snow skis", "The storm was so bad the only way to get through town was to ski", "A person with some skies in the snow posing.", "The skier is repairing his ski on the slope.", "a person is adjusting skis on  the slopes"]
["a person in blue skies is skiing down a snowy hill", "A person skiing down a snow covered slope.", "An Olympic skier travels down a hill for a competition", "The furrows in the snow could pose a problem for the skier.", "An advertisement photo of a young man speeding down the ski slopes with mountains behind him."]
["skiier jumping with skis split in a v-shape over the olympic circles", "A skier is high up in the air over a snowy hill.", "A person on skis is in the air over the Olympics' sign on the snow below them.", "An Olympic Games skier on a jump sails past the Olympic symbol.", "A skier does a big jump on a white snowy slope."]
["A woman skiing in the snow followed by more skiers.", "The skiers are all lined up single file.", "A group of skiers in a line skiing down the road.", "A line of young skiers ski down a gentle slope.", "A girl skis first in a line of skiers."]
["A young boy riding a skateboard and wearing a helmet.", "a little boy that is on a skateboard next to some water", "A boy riding a rip stick with a helmet on", "A person is skateboarding next to a body of water.", "A young boy riding his skate board near the water."]
["A man on skis with several other skiers on a hill.", "A man is skiing down a snow covered hill.", "A man in a red jacket looking unsteady on his skis.", "A man is posing for a picture while skiing.", "an amateur ski day out with the family"]
["Lamb chops over a bed of carrots and potatoes", "Potatoes, carrots, and meat with a green garnish.", "A plate of lamb chop, new potatoes, and steamed carrot slices.", "Cooked pork chops, carrots and potatoes on a white plate.", "A white plate has lamb chops and potatoes."]
["a fork sits on a plate with some food on the end of it ", "A piece of a pastry is on a fork.", "A fork holding a pink food item on an upside down plate.", "A piece of pink cake on a fork with crumbs.", "a fork that has some kind of pink cake on it"]
["Assorted vegetables being prepared in wok for consumption.", "Cut vegetables in a wok with a wood spoon.", "A pan full of different kinds of vegetables", "A pan of cooked vegetables and a wooden spoon.", "a close up of food being cooked in a pan"]
["A man snowboard down the side of a snow covered slope.", "A person is snowboarding downhill in an area with trees.", "A person riding a snowboard down a hill.", "A person is riding down a hill in the snow on a snowboard.", "a snowboarder is coming down a hill and some trees"]
["A man riding a skateboard down a hall.", "The man smiles near a crowd of people as he skateboards indoors.", "A man on a skateboard in a school.", "A man holding a can is riding a skateboard indoors.", "There is a man standing on a skateboard."]
["A couple of people that are posing for a picture.", "Four men standing against a brick wall with one of them eating from a food container, one with several carrots stuffed into him mouth and the other two standing next to them.", "Four men standing, one with an entire bunch of carrots in his mouth.", "A group of men posing together in various ways.", "A guy points at a guy with carrots in his mouth. "]
["Child on skis with tips pointing at each other.", "A little girl riding on top of skies down a snow covered slope.", "Special ramps allow skiers to practice during the summer.", "A child on skis going down a slope.", "A skiier skiing down a slope with their skiis. "]
["some kids wearing skiis while in an area with no snow\n", "Two children are sitting and one appears to be in pain.", "small children are putting on skis together in the snow", "A group of kids standing and sitting on the edge of an artificial ski slope.", "A group of boys are waiting to ski."]
["Man doing a skate trick during a competition event with a audience. ", "A man in a white T-shirt and a helmet riding a skateboard. ", "The person with a skateboard is wearing a helmet.", "A skate boarder rides his board and does a trick", "A guy with a white helmet and a white shirt and jeans skate boarding"]
["A person riding a skateboard over the cement and flags.", "A skateboarder hitting a trick in the air.", "a man is in the air on a skateboard", "A person jumping in the air on a skateboard.", "a person that is jumping a skateboard in the air"]
["A man that has a skateboard that is in the air.", "a little boy that is jumping his skateboard", "Boy doing a stunt on a skateboard on the street.", "A young man jumping a skateboard in the street.", "The boy is doing a jump on his skateboard."]
["a man is riding a skateboard in the street", "There is a man skateboarding down a street and another man watching him.", "A young man is skateboarding in the middle of the street with cars passing in both directions. ", "A man rides a skateboard on a street while his friend watches.", "Black and white photograph of a man on skateboard in street."]
["A white dish plated with corn, carrots, tomatoes, onions, olives, herbs and oil.", "Tortellini joins a colorful vegetable salad in this entree.", "A vegetarian meal with corn and a salad.", "White pate with salad, a knife and half an ear of corn.", "A white plate holds an ear of corn and a pasta salad with vegetables and eggs. "]
["A person on some skis in the snow.", "A man riding skis down a  snow covered slope.", "A person skiing on snow with others behind", "A man is skiing down a hill alone. ", "A skier goes airborne while skiing downhill on a mountain."]
["A very big group of skiers on a big snowy hill.", "Professional skiers are lined up in the snow.", "A bunch of skiers in a line in the snow.", "A group of cross country snow skiers race across the course with a forest behind them.", "A group of snow skiers make their way on the path."]
["a person on a skate board getting pushed by someone else ", "A man is being pushed on a skateboard by another man.", "A man sitting on a skateboard with another man pushing him across a room.", "One man is pushing another around on a skateboard.", "A man is sitting on a skateboard and is being pushed by another man on it. "]
["A woman approaches the finish line on skis", "a woman crossing a black finish line under a blue thing ", "A woman crossing a finish line on skis.", "A person that is crossing a finish line in a ski competition.", "The female skier has reached the finish line. "]
["A man is wearing ski gear on a snowy mountain.", "A man travels uphill through snow on skis and with poles.", "A skier travels up a slope on skis.", "a person on skis climbing up a slope", "A man with skis and poles walking up a snowy hill"]
["A snowboard sits on the ground partially covered in powder.", "a snow board sits on some snow ", "A snow covered snowboard sits on the snow covered ground.", "A snowboard laying on snow covered ground covered in snow.", "A snowboard lies in the snow, partly covered by snow."]
["A group of people holding some hot dogs in his hand.", "A group of people are holding corn dogs in containers.", "People hold six corn dogs with various mustard designs", "Corn dog sticks in tray held together by hands", "A group of people are showing their corndogs with designs from mustard on them."]
["A group of snow boarders on a snowy white hill", "A group of skiers and snowboarders watch an event in the snow.", "Three people standing on a snow covered mountain holding their skis and snowboards.", "Three people stand on a snow covered slope holding ski equipment", "Three people standing on a snowy hill holding their ski's."]
["A woman holding a dog close to a group of people with skiing gear ", "Some folks in the snow with a dog on a leash.", "A woman has a dog on a leash while snowboarders look on.", "a person holding onto a dog leash while standing on the snow ", "Snowboarders bring a dog on a leash onto the snow."]
["there is a man riding a skateboard over a ramp", "a person is in the air on a skateboard", "A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "The skateboarders are watching the other person who is doing stunts.", "A guy is doing a trick on a skateboard as others watch. "]
["Person airborne over a skateboard as the sun is setting.", "The silhouette of a man doing a trick on a skateboard.", "the sun is setting as a skateboarder is doing a trick", "A skate boarder performing a trick in the air.", "A skateboarder jumping during a skateboarding trick at sunset."]
["A skateboarder launches himself into the air above his skateboard.", "A skater does a trick in a skate park.", "The boy is midair and his skateboard is flipped under him. ", "A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "A man is doing tricks on his skateboard."]
["A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "a person jumping a skate board in the air ", "Skateboarder and board in mid air at a contoured park.", "There is a man jumping in the air on a skateboard.", "A man performing a skateboard trick in a skateboard park."]
["Two men in kitchen preparing hot dog buns.", "Two smiling men prepare hot dog rolls in a kitchen.", "two men smiling fixing hotdogs and drinking beer", "The men are preparing a meal in the kitchen.", "Two men at a counter prepare hotdog buns."]
["some people at a white counter are making food ", "Three people in a kitchen preparing and cooking food.", "a woman standing in a kitchen while preparing food.", "Several people preparing food in a large kitchen.", "a person standing at a counter getting some bread ready for grilled cheese sandwiches "]
["A couple of people riding snowboards down a snow covered slope.", "a couple of people are skiing down a hill", "two snow boarders racing down a snowy slope ", "some people snowboarding down a hill by a flag", "Two snow boarders racing on a slope during a race."]
["Soup, salad and sandwich sitting on a plate.", "a bowl of soup with a sandwich sits on a plate", "A meal of a salad, soup, and a sandwich.", "A white plate topped with a bowl of soup next to a sandwich and salad.", "A sandwich, soup, and salad all sit on a plate."]
["Images of 3 unusually long hot dogs sticking out of their buns.", "A ripped towel or cloth with three different hot dogs. ", "This piece of paper has three hot dogs on it.", "A picture of three deluxe hotdogs pinned up with a tack.", "A piece of paper with the images of three hot dogs on it."]
["Clear bowl of carrots with beer in it. ", "The carrots in the dish are marinating in beer. ", "Beer being poured in a container full of hotdogs.", "A bunch of hot dogs in a bowl with beer being poured on them", "a pack of hot dogs in beer on a table"]
["A person holding a sausage on a bun with peppers.", "A hot dog with peppers wrapped in tin foil.", "Hot dog wrapped in aluminum foil on a wooden bench area.", "A hand holding a half eaten hotdog above a wooden floor.", "A closeup view of a hotdog in a bun with condiments. "]
["A person on a snowboard has fallen in the snow.", "a man that is on a surfboard in some water", "A man riding a snowboard on a snow filled slope.", "He was almost sitting in the snow as he came down the run on his snowboard.", "The snowboarder is sitting on the white slope."]
["Several snow skiers are posing for a picture.", "A group of people are standing outside in the snow.", "Skiers and snowboarders waving for a picture on a mountain.", "This group of people is excited to be at the ski slopes.", "Group of people posing for the camera in the snow", "Group of people posing for the camera in the snow"]
["A man is jumping on a ski board across some snow.", "A person on a snowboard on a snowy path.", "A snowboarder speeds down a snow covered slope.", "A man on a snowboard going down a hill.", "A male snowboarder jumping over a small hill"]
["Five bagels laid out on a oven rack", "five bagels are sitting on a silver tray", "Five bagels are on a metal rack. ", "Those bagels are plain with nothing on them.", "A photo of freshly baked bagels sitting on a rack."]
["A girl holding a foot long hot dog in a restaurant", "A girl with a large long sandwich in her hands.", "The girl is about to eat her extra-long hot dog.", "A young lady is holding a foot-long and posing for the camera. ", "The young girl orders a sandwich that is really big. "]
["a boy that is snowboarding through the snow", "The man is doing tricks on his snow board.", "A snowboarder doing a trick down a snowy street", "Black and white photograph of person on snowboard in street.", "a person snowboarding down part of a residential street"]
["A man riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.", "a man is snowboarding down the slopes wearing a helmet\n", "A man on a snowboard on a slope", "A male snowboarder slides down a snowy slope. ", "A man on a snowboard going down a mountain slope."]
["A person sitting on a sled at the top of a hill.", "A snowboarder sits atop the snowy hill and looks down upon the winter landscape.", "A man sitting on the snow on top of a board.", "The individual is sitting on the snow covered hill", "A person in a blue coat sits on top of a snowy slope."]
["Two hot dogs on buns sitting on top of a paper plate.", "A plate with two hot dogs on buns and a bagel.", "Two hot dogs have been placed next to two bagels.", "A plate full of two hot dogs with different toppings, and a bagel.", "A plate of hot dogs and other food."]
["Two cups on a table and a man seated next to the table.", "The cruller is on the  paper, served  with Dunkin Donut coffee.", "a donut on wrapping paper next to a cup of coffee on a table.", "A person sitting at a table with two cups and a donut on it.", "a cup of coffee next to a donut on a table "]
["A glazed donut sitting on top of a paper plate.", "A plain donut on a white paper inside a white container.", "A person holding a glazed donut outside while pointing at it.", "A woman is holding a donut on a napkin.", "A person holding a tray with a doughnut in it."]
["A display case in a donut shop filled with donuts.", "a lot of donuts for sale sitting in a display case ", "Various varieties of donuts in a display case.", "Donuts being displayed in store for people to take.", "An assortment of doughnuts all lined up in a case at a doughnut shop."]
["A man fallen on the ground while riding a snowboard.", "A person waving and snowboarding at the same time", "A female snowboarder waves as she sits in the snow. ", "A snowboarder is sitting on the snowy ground.", "A snowboarder rests on a snow covered slope."]
["Pair of snowboarders resting and checking map on snow covered slope.", "One snowboarder reads a map while two others rest.", "A man wearing a helmet and goggles on a snowboard reads a map while another snowboarder sits behind him.", "There are two snowboarders one of them is sitting on the ground", "Two people are pausing for a moment on the slopes."]
["A man flying through the air while riding a snowboard.", "Person flies off snow covered mountain ledge on snowboard", "A person jumping in the air with a snowboard.", "A snow boarder taking flight while skiing down a slope", "A skier is high in the air in the winter. "]
["One lady is holding a stuffed rooster and smiling while the other is holding a donut in front of her open mouth.", "A woman smiles with a plant holder while another eats a donut.", "There are two women making a joke about chickens and doughnuts", "Two woman, one holding a chicken and one eating a donut.", "A couple of women holding a chicken while eating a donuts."]
["a person leaning back in the snow on their snowboard", "A snowboarder rests in the snow on the snowboard.", "A person laying back on a snowboard in the snow.", "A man is relaxing back on his snowboard", "A snowboarder on the slope laying on his board"]
["A hand holding a jelly filled donut over a table.", "Someone holding a doughnut that has a bite taken out of it.", "A chocolate cream filled doughnut with a bite taken out of it .", "The powder donut is filled chocolate cream and is about to be eaten. ", "Someone is holding a round filled bun in their hand."]
["a little boy eating a chocolate doughnut with sprinkles ", "A young boy eating a chocolate doughnut with sprinkles.", "a small boy in a blue and orange sweatshirt eating a donut", "A kid biting into a doughnut in a room.", "A small boy eating a chocolate donut with sprinkles."]
["Box of donuts glazed in different types of toppings. ", "One of the donuts in the box has cereal on it, another has oreos, another is partially sprinkled, and another one has chocolate glazed. ", "Four donuts in a box with different toppings on them.", "A bunch of doughnuts in a box together", "A box filled with four donuts on top of tissue paper."]
["A baby boy sitting at a wooden table in front of a white plate.", "A little boy at a table with a doughnut on a plate in front of him.", "A young boy frowning at eating a donut.", "A toddler sitting at a table with a donut", "A boy is halfway through a glazed doughnut"]
["A man trying to snowboard in the dark.", "Snowboarder in red and white jacket standing on snow. ", "A man in the snow on a snow board. ", "a man is snow boarding down a hill at night", "The man is practicing his moves on his snowboard. "]
["A person riding a snowboard down a hill.", "A man riding a snowboard down the side of a snow covered slope.", "A person in grey and tan jacket riding a snowboard on slope.", "a snow boarder skiing down a snow covered mountain.", "a young male snowboarding down a snowy hill near evergreen trees"]
["There is a chicken burger next to a bowl of soup on the table.", "A close up of a chicken sandwich and a bowl of soup.", "Sandwich item with bowl of soup presented on plate.", "A hamburger sits on a table beside a bowl of soup.", "A plate with a bowl of soup and a sandwhich on the plate"]
["A table topped with donuts and a small box of even more donuts.", "Various pastries on napkins that include donuts and donut holes.", "A selection of doughnuts and pastry sitting on waxed sheets", "A table is laid out with several different doughnuts and pastries. ", "A table with a wide variety of donuts sitting on it."]
["A person in snow gear riding on a snowboard. ", "A young person is on their ski board on the snowy ground. ", "A person on a snowboard rides on a hill.", "a snowboarder in a tan jacket and a backpack", "A man is snowboarding down the hill on a snowy day."]
["A person is doing something by itself and interesting.\n", "A woman with a bun on a plate on top of some food in a bucket.", "a person with a sandwich on a plate ", "a woman preparing food on top of a table.", " Woman preparing a hamburger and other food"]
["A white doughnut with colored sprinkles sitting on a table.", "a bag and a donut with white frosting and sprinkles", "A sprinkled doughnut sitting on a white napkin next to the bag it came in. ", "A doughnut bag with a sprinkle doughnut next to it", "A yummy looking do nut next to the bag it came out of "]
["a man and his baby are looking at some donuts", "A father holding his baby in front of a box of donuts.", "A man and a baby looking at donuts with high enthusiasm.", "a man looking at assorted donuts as his baby looks into the camera ", "A man holding an infant in front of an open box of assorted donuts. "]
["A hand holding a piece of meat filled pastry.", "A person holding up some sort of food item.", "A man eating a pastry with frosting on top.", "A man holding some type of fried food.", "Someone eating what looks like a jelly roll."]
["a buncch of food is laying out on a table", "A dinner table with various plates of food and a glass of water on the table.", "Plates with sandwiches, vegetables, and pizza on a table", "A white plate topped with food next to other plates of food.", "There are plates with food and drinks on the table. "]
["A large sandwich sitting on top of a table.", "A long sandwich with tomatoes and cheese on it", "A sub sandwich on a plate on a tray.", "There is a sandwich with mozzarella and tomatoes", "an image of a sub sandwich with meat and veggies on it"]
["A powdered and glazed donut laid out to be eaten", "Three sugar coated donuts on a table. ", "Three doughnuts covered in powdered sugar on a cooling rack.", "a close up view of three doughnuts sprinkled with sugar", "Three doughnuts are set on a metal rack."]
["A person and a table of sandwiches and other food.", "A photo of a person sitting at a table getting ready to eat a delicious meal.", "A person is eating bread with a fork on a dining table.", "Food entrees are served in dishes on a table.", "The way that they are holding the fork is quite peculiar."]
["A black square plate topped with a cut in half chicken sandwich.", "THERE IS A SANDWICH WITH MEAT AND LETTUCE", "A sandwich sits on a plate on the table. ", "Several sandwiches are on a black square plate.", "A sandwich is sitting on a black plate."]
["a bunch of donuts placed around some photos", "A couple of Polaroid pictures sticking out of sandwiches.", "a bunch of doughnuts with some pictures over them", "There are many doughnuts on the table. ", "Two polaroids sit in the middle of stacks of donuts."]
["A surfer sits on his surfboard in the sand close to the water.", "Near the surf, a man sits hunched over on his board.", "A person sitting on a surfboard on a beach", "A man sitting on his surfboard on the beach.", "A young man is sitting on his surf board next to the beach. "]
["Group of men all playing a soccer match together.", "A group of young men playing a game of soccer on a soccer field.", "Soccer players fight over a ball while many look on.", "Soccer players are fighting for a tight possession.", "Men are playing soccer while a crowd watches."]
["The person is holding one of two surfboards on the beach. ", "A man that is standing in the sand with a surfboard.", "A person holding a surfboard on a beach leaning to look at a second surfboard on the sand", "A surfer putting his surfboard down on the beach.", "A person with two surfboards on a sandy beach."]
["Two young men playing a game of soccer.", "Two young men competing in a game of soccer.", "two soccer players go after a ball during a game", "Two soccer players entangled with one another as they go for the ball", "Two soccer players are in action on the field."]
["A slicing up a cake on top of a table with a knife.", "a man in a suit cutting a cake", "A man in a hat cutting into a birthday cake.", "An older man is cutting the cake while others watch", "a man is cutting in to a cake"]
["A frosted cake that reads \"congratulations kate and luke on your upcoming arrival.\"", "A cake is shown with text on it and decorations.", "a cake for a couple having a baby", "The icing on the large cake has cursive writing on it.", "Decorated cake in rainbow colors congratulating a baby"]
["a female sitting at a table next to a cake with candles in it", "A woman is smiling at a cake with candles on it.", "Various torsos show that there are people behind and to the side of a woman that is smiling and seated in front of a plate with a white lettered cake on it. ", "there is a woman smiling at a table with a cake", "A woman with red hair sits at a table in front of a cake."]
["a brown cake with white icing and some walnut toppings", "Icing with nuts on top of a cake . ", "Corner of a layer cake with frosting and walnuts.", "A frosted large cake on a table surface.", "Walnut icing on a baked cake - maybe carrot cake"]
["A woman standing in front of a door with a broken surf board next to her.", "a woman stands in front of a door next to a surf board ", "A woman in gray shorts bows her head and rests her chin on her hand next to the broken remains of a surfboard.", "A woman standing on a door mat next to a surfboard.", "A woman standing in front of an open door next to a board."]
["a man wearing an apron in front of a table filled with ingredients", "A man in an apron around several differnt plates and bowls of food.", "This is a picture of two people who have cooked some delicious  dishes.", "A man in red apron preparing food at a table.", "A man and a lady cooking on set."]
["A man standing in the ocean while holding a surfboard.", "A young man standing with his surfboard in the ocean.", "The surfer is carrying the surfboard back to shore.", "A young man is in the ocean with a surfboard.", "A surfer standing in the ocean holding a surfboard."]
["A man and woman cut their special cake together.", "A man and woman cutting a cake together.", "A man and a woman holding a knife cutting a cake together.", "A man and woman are cutting a cake.", "a man and a woman are cutting into a cake"]
["Surfer in green suit riding breaking wave in open ocean.", "A surfer in a green wetsuit cresting a wave", "A person on a surfboard in the water.", "a man on a white surfboard surfing a wave in the ocean ", "A young man in a green outfit ridding a surfboard. "]
["a newly wedded couple cutting their wedding cake", "A couple with a knife cutting into a cake.", "a just married couple slicing a wedding cake together", "A bride and groom cutting into their wedding cake together,", "Bride and Groom shown attempting to cut their cake together."]
["A young girl who is looking at a birthday cake.", "A girl sitting at a table with a birthday cake with candles sitting on it.", "A little girl sitting at a table with a cake in front of them.", "A girl looking at a cake with excitement at a table.", "a young person siting at a table with a cake "]
["A bedroom contains a bed, a table with a computer, and speakers. ", "A room with speakers, a monitor, headphones, blinds and a bed in it. ", "A room with a bed, some curtains, a shelf and a television.", "a bed room with a monitor and speakers ", "A bedroom with a stereo system and several mounted speakers."]
["a room in a hotel with two beds a desk and a shutter door", "A pleasant bedroom with the door open to invite the beautiful day inside.", "Two beds in a room that has a balcony.", "A bedroom with joined beds in a lodge or hotel.", "A bedroom with two beds, a small desk, and a door open to a patio."]
["A man surfing on a blue green wave", "A man surfing during the day in a body of water.", "A man surfs and plays in the foamy ocean.", "A shirtless man in the ocean surfing a wave", "A man rides a small foamy wave on his surfboard."]
["A snowy landscape through a sunny window with a bed in the foreground", "A white bed in front of a window that shows a snowy yard.", "The edge of a bed and a window showing a snowy area outside.", "A bed is shown next to a window.", "A window in a bedroom sitting beside a bed. "]
["a boy that is surfing in some water", "A person on a surfboard riding in the water and waves.", "A man that is standing on a surfboard in the water.", "A boy on a surf board ducks under a wave.", "The young surfboarder maintains his balance as the wave breaks around him"]
["A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A man in a wetsuit riding a wave on a surfboard.", "The surfer demonstrates skill in tackling this breaking wave", "A person surfing on a wave with the front end of the surfboard pointing up.", "a man surfing on top of a wave in the ocean"]
["A guy laying in a hammock with another guy beside him. ", "A man rests in a hammock while another man sits nearby.", "A couple of surfboards sitting in the beach sand.", "One of the men is lying in a hammock near surfboards leaning in the sand. ", "a couple of surfboards that are stuck in the sand"]
["a child blowing the candles out on a cake", "Some candles are burning on top of a cake", "A girl blowing out candles that are on a birthday cake. ", "a child is blowing out the candles on the cake.", "A girl is blowing out some candles on a cake."]
["Vibrant cake displays in a glass case to view.", "A display case that has an assortment of cakes in it.", "Many elaborate and colorful pastries with labels sit on shelves of a display.", "This display includes a large variety of desserts.", "Several cakes and pastries sitting in a display case."]
["A narrow white room with a white mattress on the floor.", "It's a high-tech master bed and bath at a hotel.", "A bedroom and bathroom with various furniture and a mirror.", "A room where all of the furniture is white except for a red chair.", "A room with a large white bed and a flat screen TV."]
["A man standing next to a girl eating a piece of cake.", "A bride and groom eating a piece of their wedding cake.", "The bride is feeding the groom there wedding cake .", "The couple is sharing a piece of cake while being photographed. ", "A bride feeding the groom a piece of cake as a photographer takes a picture."]
["Bride and groom looking at wedding cake with server in hand", "A bride and groom cutting their wedding cake.", "A bride and a groom cut into their wedding cake.", "A formally dressed man and woman lean close to a cake. ", "A woman in a white dress standing next to a man in a tuxedo."]
["A man on a surfboard riding a wave.", "A surfer jumps on top of a wave in the ocean.", "The surfer is barely hanging on to his surfboard.", "THIS LOOKS LIKE A MAN WITH ONE ARM SURFING", "A man is surfing down a wave in the ocean."]
["A man riding a white surfboard on a wave in the ocean.", "A surfer doing stunts on the waves in the ocean.", "A surf boarding man is catching a wave.", "A surfer is in the air on top of a wave.", "A man surfing on the ocean waters waves."]
["A man surfing and being knocked over by a wave.", "Person surfing a wave in a large body of water.", "A surfer is in the midst of a big white wave.", "A male surfer on a surfboard riding an ocean wave", "An altered image of a person on a surfboard."]
["A messy bed in a bedroom between two tables with lamps.", "An unmade bed and two tables in a bedroom. ", "A bedroom shows an unmade bed with white sheets.", "A frumpled bed sits in between two blue covered nightstands.", "A bed with a wooden headboard is disheveled."]
["A man lying down on a bed showing his clean sneaker bottoms.", "A person laying in a bed with no sheets with his shoes on. ", "A man laying down on a twin size bed. ", "A person lying on a bed with their feet as a closeup", "A shot from the foot end of the bed of an adult laying down."]
["The simple white shelving unit is against the white wall.", "A white night stand table in a white room", "A white bedroom with a white shelf and bed ", "A nearly all white colored bedroom with a brown wooden floor.", "A white bedroom decorated with low level furniture"]
["A large bed sitting beside a night stand.", "A lavish hotel room with a comfy bed.", "a bed well made with white bed cover", "A bedroom with a bed that has white and turquoise sheets.", "A big white big with a night stand next to it in a big room."]
["A close shot of a fully cooked pizza. ", "A pizza that is sitting on a plate.", "A whole personal pizza with toppings such as cheese and onions. ", "The round, traditional pizza is fresh from the oven topped with mozzarella and vegetables.", "A cooked pizza sitting on a pizza pan "]
["A bed, a table, a chair, a TV and a bean bag in a room.", "A bedroom area with a bed, desk and television.", "A bed sitting in a living room next to a wall.", "A modernly styled hotel room has a bed that appears to float off the floor. ", "A bedroom decorated in a futuristic style with a floating bed."]
["A picture of some food on a table.", "A table with three each of three different kinds of pizza.", "A preparation table for pizza that is ready for the oven", "A table is laid out with a line of bread with cheese and toppings on top.", "The table is covered in pizza bread and condiments."]
["a nude person sitting on a bed with sheets and pillows", "a naked girl that is sitting down on a bed", "A woman with no clothes on sitting on the edge of a bed.", "A woman sits on the edge of a rumpled bed. ", "A naked woman with a tattoo sits on the edge of a bed."]
["Two pizzas that are sitting on a table.", "A couple of large cooked pizzas on a surface.", "2 gourmet pizzas on a table one with fresh herbs", "a couple of different pizzas that are on a table", "A picture of two pizzas with different topping. "]
["A group of surfers rinse their boards before leaving the beach.", "Families out on the beach with their surf boards. ", "A group of people on a beach with surfboards and chairs.", "People with surfboards showing off on a beach", "several people on a beach showering with their surfboards"]
["A group of people swimming out in the ocean.", "An ocean of water with three surfers in it.", "a couple of people swimming in the ocean ", "Three seagulls swimming in the ocean with waves.", "A group of swimmers floating in choppy waters. "]
["Black and white dog laying down on bed.", "A dog and cat sleeping together on a dog bed.", "An adorable dog laying down on a dog bed.", "A black down lounging on its pet bed.", "A dog laying in a doggy bed with a cat."]
["There is an unmade bed in a Victorian style room.", "The light from the window shows an unmade bed beside a messy one. ", "An unmade bed with tangled silk and cotton sheets.", "A bed lies unmade in a Victorian style bedroom.", "A half unmade bed in a hotel room"]
["A print ad for the Pizzeria La Crescia.", "A plate of food and a bottle of beer is seen outside of a restaurant.", "a beer sits in front of a box of food ", "Some people are eating quesadillas and a beer.", "a big pizza is on a big white plate"]
["A pizza sitting on top of a plate covered in cheese and tomatoes.", "A pizza with cheese and tomatoes on it.", "A just baked thin crust pizza with tomatoes and feta cheese. ", "An appetizing pizza with tomato and cheese on a tray.", "A whole pizza with large slices of tomatoes on top."]
["A small canopy next to a dresser in a wood paneled room.", "This bed has a canopy above it. ", "An old style bedroom with a bed, dresser and bed side table.", "A bed in a bedroom with a white blanket on top of a hard wood floor.", "The room has an antique canopy bed topped with a quilt."]
["A man and woman pose for a picture together", "a couple of people that are eating some food", "A man with a mustache is eating a sandwich. ", "A man and a woman sit next to each other as they eat.", "A man and a woman sitting on steps in front a building with food. "]
["A woman taking a swing at a tennis ball", "A woman leaning over swinging a tennis racket.", "A woman that is holding onto a racquet.", "The woman is playing tennis on the court. ", "A woman swinging a tennis racquet on a tennis court."]
["A young girl hitting a ball with a  racquet..", "A pretty tennis player in action on the court.", "A professional tennis player struggles to connect with the ball", "A woman takes a near-ground shot while playing tennis.", "A girl is hitting a tennis ball that was served to her. "]
["A wooden desk with a lap top computer and a computer monitor with a keyboard and mouse. ", "A desktop computer monitor sitting on top of a desk.", "A wooden desk office space with a functioning computer.", "A full view of a computer with a screen on the wall. ", "A monitor by a laptop, keyboard, mouse and Xbox 360."]
["A person is hitting a ball with a racket", "A graphite tennis racket hits a tennis ball.", "a close up of a racket hitting a ball ", "A tennis racket being held by a person and balancing a tennis ball at the top of the racket.", "A close up shot of a tennis racket striking a tennis ball"]
["Small slice of pizza sitting on a table next to the bottle of beer. ", "Small sample of food with bear nearby on napkin", "A meal on a napkin with an alcoholic drink. ", "A plate with food next to a bottle of booze.", "Food on a paper towel with a beer."]
["A cell phone on top of a laptop.", "a cell phone sitting on a laptop in front of a television", "A cell phone sitting on a laptop in front of a TV.", "THERE IS A TV IN THE LIVING ROOM AND A LAP TOP ON THE DESK", "A TV siting inside of a wooden stand in a room."]
["A pizza sitting on top of a table.", "a big pizza that is laying on a table", "A pizza is topped with many different ingredients.", "A whole round shaped pizza with cheese and other toppings that is cut into slices.", "A deep dish pizza is shown with cheese and meat toppings."]
["A cat in a living room with a burning fireplace.", "A cat standing on a table in front of the fireplace.", "A cat standing on a table in front of a fireplace.", "a gray cat is walking on a glass table and theres a fire in the fireplace", "A fire is going in the living room with a cat on the coffee table."]
["A pizza sitting on top of a white plate on a wooden table.", "A pizza topped with tomatoes and basil leafs and a glass of cola on a picnic table.", "A tomato and mozzarella pizza sits on a wooden table.", "A personal pizza is resting on a plate on a table. ", "a pizza on a white plate on a wooden table and a drink"]
["A table full of food and two glasses with drinks .", "A wooden table with a white plate containing a pizza.", "A pizza is served on a plate with silverware.", "Pizza with cheese and greens with drinks on table", "A meal of gourmet pizzas and beer at a restaurant "]
["a plate with cut slices of pizza and peppeoni", "A plate that has two pieces of bread with a fork and knife.", "some pieces of pizza on a plate with a fork", "A plate with two pieces of pizza on top of it near a knife and fork.", "A plate of food sitting on a table "]
["A dirty laptop turned off on a wood table.", "Picture of a laptop sitting next to a box for a MacBook Pro", "A laptop box sitting next to a laptop on a desk.", "An old MacBook laptop sits on a table.", "A open laptop is on the table next to a box. "]
["A freshly made pizza is on an oven rack.", "A pizza that is sitting on a grate.", "A pizza with peppers is sitting on a rack.", "A large cooked pizza on a metal rack.", "A mushroom, pepperoni, pepper pizza on a cooling rack."]
["Three pieces of sliced pizza on a wooden surface.", "Some home baked pizza slices are ready to eat. ", "There pieces of pizzas have pepperoni on them.", "Pieces of thing crust pizza laying on a wood surface", "Three slices of pizza sitting on top of a wooden cutting board."]
["a woman jumping in the air so she can hit a tennis ball with her racket ", "A women who is playing tennis jumping in the air.", "A woman holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.", "a lady playing tennis and others watching the game", "THERE IS A WOMAN THAT IS PLAYING TENNIS ON THE COURT "]
["a man on a tennis court swinging a racket towards a ball", "A tennis player reaching with his tennis racket at the ball.", "Professional tennis player about to make contact with the ball", "A person that is playing in a tennis game.", "The tennis player is going to return the ball."]
["A pretty young lady walking across a tennis court.", "a girl is about to hit the tennis ball", "a woman is holding a tennis racket on a court", "a woman standing at a tennis court with a tennis racket", "a woman playing tennis walks forwards in a skirt while holding a tennis racket."]
["A couple of women sitting at a table next to drinks.", "A pizza is sitting on a tray and two people are in the background eating.", "A gourmet pizza served at a restaurant on a silver platter", "A pizza on a fancy pedestal at a restaurant with two women at a table in the background.", "Pizza served at an Italian restaurant, with patrons in background."]
["A pizza with thick crust sitting on top of a pan.", "A deep dish vegetable pizza on a plate.", "A puffy pizza is on a metal plate on a table.", "a small pizza in a restaurant with a bunch of vegetables on it", "A freshly baked tomato and pesto pizza at a restaurant"]
["A woman sitting at a table with a  pizza in front of her.", "a person sitting at a table with a plate of pizza ", "A women who has a plate with pizza on it.", "A woman that is sitting in front of a pizza.", "a couple of large pizzas that are on a table"]
["Athlete on red clay court preparing to return ball.", "The tennis court seems to be made of dirt or clay.", "A distant shot of a man on the tennis field while people look on. ", "A tennis player takes a swing on a clay court.", "A man in white shirt and shorts playing a game of tennis."]
["a man is on a court playing tennis ", "A tennis player about to hit a tennis ball", "A red shirted tennis player tosses the ball to serve.", "A man standing on top of a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A professional tennis player engaged in competition on a clay court."]
["A lady in a pink outfit finishing a tennis shot.", "Woman hitting a tennis ball in a tennis court next to some bleachers.", "a woman in pink is playing  a tennis game", "A young woman standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "The tennis player is returning a strong serve."]
["a woman on a tennis court playing tennis ", "A woman standing on top of a tennis court.", "Female tennis player engaged in a match on a clay surface.", "A woman playing a tennis match with a crowd watching.", "A large crowd are in the stands watching a tennis match."]
["A woman standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A female tennis player wearing red and preparing to hit a tennis ball.", "A tennis player getting ready to hit a ball on a clay court.", "A woman that is playing tennis on a court.", "A woman on a tennis court is hitting a ball with a racquet."]
["A medium sized pizza on a platter with about half of it gone", "A pizza sits on a pan on the counter and has been cut in slices.", "Pizza that has been cooked is on a pan.", "A half eaten pizza sits on a silver pizza tin.", "Slices of pizza sit on a baking pan."]
["Multiple pizzas sitting on top of a wooden counter next to a crowd of people.", "A counter with several pizzas and food items with people walking by.", "A line up of pizzas for sale at a festival.", "Numerous pizzas are on display on a counter as people walk by.", "many pans of pizza on a table  being displayed "]
["A pizza and a salad are sitting on a table.", "A pizza sitting next to a bowl of salad.", "A meal consists of pizza and a salad.", "A home made pizza next to a bowl of salad.", "A picture of a salad and pizza being served. "]
["a family that is eating at a table", "A lady sitting at a table eating with two small children.", "Two little girls and a woman sitting at a table preparing to eat some pizza.", "A woman and two children sitting at a table with full table of food.", "A woman and two children sitting at a table eating pizza."]
["Man playing tennis with tennis racket on court", "A man on a court standing with a tennis racket.", "A man in glue shirt and white shorts playing tennis.", "A man with a racket stands on a court.", "A man playing tennis with his racket raised to receive the ball."]
["A tennis player prepares to serve the ball.", "A tennis player trying to hit the ball. ", "A tennis player has sweat on his chest as he plays. ", "a man on a tennis court holding a tennis racket", "A tennis player watches the ball as he prepares to serve."]
["A man in a blue shirt is playing tennis.", "Man running playing tennis with ball in air on court", "A man playing tennis with his tennis racket and his tennis ball. ", "Male tennis player gets ready to hit the tennis ball.", "A male tennis player in action on the court."]
["a tennis court that has a man with a racket", "a man with his arm in the air during a tennis match", "the tennis player prepares to serve the tennis ball", "A man holding his hand in the air.", "This player has thrown the ball in the air to serve it to his opponent."]
["A kitchen sink with hair clips, toothpaste and nail polish.", "a close up of a sink with hair pins tooth paste and brushes", "A bathroom sink covered in hair and hygiene products.", "Several personal care items on a white sink.", "a bathroom sink counter with toothpaste and toiletries on it."]
["a person sitting on a couch in a living room", "A man is on a couch with ripped jeans.", "A man in striped shirt sitting on a couch.", "an image of a guy sitting on a couch with  pink shirt", "A man on a couch wearing jeans with a big hole."]
["a little girl in front of a book shelf and chair", "A little girl holds something in her hand next to a Christmas stocking.", "a little girl with a christmas stocking and a toy ", "A young girl in pajamas has a Christmas stocking on her lap.", "An adorable little girl holding a toothbrush and a Christmas stocking.."]
["A bed is scattered with papers and a remote control.", "Multiple documents sit on top of a bed next to each other.", "Several papers are scattered on top of a bed", "A bunch of papers scattered on a bed.", "A lot of papers on top of a bed."]
["YOUNG CHILD HOLDING A BABY HAIRBRUSH TO HER MOUTH", "a small child is holding a yellow toothbrush", "A young boy putting a brush in his mouth.", "A young baby chewing on a yellow hair brush.", "A baby chews on a yellow hairbrush while sitting on a sofa."]
["A young boy sitting on a rug holding a cell phone.", "A toddler boy sitting and looking into the camera, holding a remote control in both hands up to cheek, on a woven wool oval rug on a wood floor with toys and furniture around.", "A little boy using a remote control and sitting on the floor.", "A child holding a tv remote like a phone.", "A young boy holds a remote control to his face."]
["A small white mouse sleeping on top of a remote control.", "White rodent laying its head on a black controller. ", "A white ferret laying its head on a remote control.", "A ferret lays it's head down on a remote control.", "White ferret under a blanket resting its head on a remote control."]
["A package of tooth brush shaped gum on a table.", "There are tooth brush and gum like candies.", "Candy shaped like teeth and toothbrushes sit on the empty package.", "Some gummy teeth and gummy toothbrushes on a wrapper.", "This is a kind of weird and fun candy."]
["An old radio with a computer keyboard and mouse", "A radio and a keyboard on a desk.", "Electronic equipment including a keyboard on a desk.", "A keyboard and a mouse with a machine.", "A keyboard and mouse in front of a computer."]
["The baby sits on the furniture holding a toothbrush in his mouth.", "The young baby is sticking a tooth brush in his mouth.", "A baby is sticking a toothbrush in its mouth.", "A baby playing with a white toothbrush in its mouth.", "A baby boy has a toothbrush in his mouth."]
["A living room with a black couch sitting next to a table.", "A black couch and a coffee table on light carpet.", "A black couch is the centerpiece of a living room set.", "a living room wit ha couch a table and shelves\n", "A living room with a couch that has a dog on it."]
["A couple of people standing in front of a TV.", "there is a boy and a woman that are playing a video game", "Two people are mimicking the position of a figure on a computer monitor", "A boy and a female playing a video game while standing up.", "two people playing a dancing game in a living room "]
["A woman standing in front of a TV in a living room.", "A young woman and her brother in the living room with video games", "Two people playing a video game in their living room.", "A girl and boy dance to a video game.", "Two people in font of a television play a video game."]
["A person is on a living room couch watching TV and there is a stuffed panda bear and a purse on the table.", "A child watches television while a panda bear sits by a purse.", "A simple living room with a panda on the coffee table.", "A black and white stuffed koala bear is in the room.", "A stuffed panda is on the living room table."]
["A couple of people standing next to each other.", "a kid and a lady playing video game in the house", "a couple of people are standing in the middle of a room", "Two people standing up beside each other while one holds a controller to a Wii", "A young boy and a woman standing besides each other."]
["The woman holding the video game remote looks shocked.", "A woman playing a game with some remote controllers.", "A woman standing in a room with a remote.", "A portrait of a woman's funny face while playing a Wii.", "Person standing while holding video game remotes in their hand."]
["a young boy playing with a wii mote and a video game ", "A kid plays video games on a flat screen TV.", "a little  boy playing video bowling on a television", "A little kid standing in front of a flat screen TV.", "a small child in a green shirt is playing a video game"]
["There are woman playing a video game together.", "Two women in a living room playing the Wii together. ", "a couple of kids play a video game ", "Two woman playing a game with the Wii controls.", "A group of people are playing a video game."]
["Two young men standing in front of a flat screen TV.", "Two gentleman playing video games on the tv", "Two men play a video game while posing for a picture.", "Man gives a thumbs up while holding a controller in front of a television. ", "A couple of men playing a game with remote controllers."]
["A room cluttered with old furniture and old rugs.", "A bunch of different couches and chairs that are on a carpet.", "An open living room has a wicker rocking chair.", "this is a living room with furniture and rugs", "Living room full of different vintage furniture and television"]
["A living room with two couches and several chairs.", "A living room is shown with vintage furniture in front of a red brick fireplace.", "A nice big living room with a big fireplace.", "A living room with a lot of chairs and couches.", " a living room with  lot of chairs and couches in it "]
["A Wii controller facing a TV with a video game on the channel.", "a hand holding a controller and a television set on a table", "A television with a wii remote in the front", "A person holding a wii remote near a television.", "Someone playing a videogame on a medium sized television. "]
["A living room/dining room where a family would sit", "A wood dining table with two blue chairs and two white chairs. ", "A wooden kitchen table with white and blue chairs. ", "A living area with a table and chairs and various art.", "A dining room that has a table and chairs."]
["A close up of hands holding a video game controller.", "a person with two nintendo wii controllers in their hands", "Two hands holding two white Nintendo Wii controllers.", "A person holding a video game remote control.", "A man holds a Wii remote with a nun-chuck attachment. "]
["A woman standing in a living room holding a Wii game controller.", "A woman is playing a Wii in a living room. ", "A woman stands in a living room playing an interactive video game.", "A woman plays a video game in a living room.", "A woman standing in front of a tv holding a remote."]
["A man holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.", "A man holding remotes playing a video game.", "A man playing a WII video game in a living room.", "A man with glasses playing with a Nintendo Wii.", "A bald man in a red shirt and glasses holding a wii remote"]
["A nice living room with a television is pictured.", "in this living room there are beige couches and a fire place", "A living room with a fireplace, TV, couch and other furniture. ", "A living room, with a laptop on the couch.", "A living room with a tv, couch, coffee table, and fake tree."]
["A computer keyboard sitting next to a  computer mouse.", "a keyboard sitting on a tiled floor next to a mouse", "A keyboard sitting on a table with a computer mouse.", "A computer mouse is in front of a keyboard. ", "a white mouse a keyboard some books and cords"]
["The photographer used a panoramic view for this photo.", "Big living room with couches, TV, fireplace, and shelving.", "There are multiple pieces of furniture in a living room.", "A panoramic photo is shown of a room.", "a living room a fire place a tv and a shelf"]
["The image is a closeup of a computer keyboard.", "A close shot of a computer keyboard. ", "A keyboard is shown up close to the keys.", "White keyboard with large clean letters on it. ", "a close up of a white keyboard with a black monitor "]
["A keyboard, mouse and monitor sit on a desk.", "A office desk with a computer and papers on it.", "A computer and keyboard sitting on a desk with other accessories. ", "An office with a brown desk has clutter on it.", "THERE IS A JUNKY DESK WITH A COMPUTER IN A HOME OFFICE "]
["A woman is sitting on the rock bench talking.", "A woman in a striped skirt is sitting on rocks.", "A woman is sitting on a stone bench by a statue.", "A person that is sitting down on some rocks.", "A women who is sitting on some rocks on her cell phone."]
["A lot of people that are looking at something.", "A crowd of people standing next to each other holding up a Nintendo cell phone.", "The people hold their phone up and make hand motions at the event.", "Someone is using their phone as a light at a concert.", "Several young people are enjoying a concert and recording via phones."]
["A man is sitting beside a walk way with a beverage beside him looking at his phone.", "A man checks his smart phone while sitting at an outside table on a city street one night. ", "A man looks at his cell phone while sitting outside.", "A man sitting at an outdoor table checking his phone.", "Person sitting on a bench on the sidewalk looking at his phone."]
["A man sits in a car while on a phone.", "a male with a red jacket is holding a red phone", "Man with glasses talking on cell phone in car", "A man on a  red phone while in a car", "A man with glasses is talking on the phone."]
["A laptop, a flip phone, and a radio sit next to each other.", "A radio, laptop computer and cell phone sit next to each other.", "A table with a radio, cell phone and laptop on it. ", "Laptop computer, radio, and cell phone on a table", "A computer is next to a radio and a cell phone."]
["A woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A woman swings her hand out to hit a ball as people are staring in the background. ", "A female tennis player preparing to serve the ball.", "a woman getting ready to hit a tennis ball ", "A woman throws a tennis ball into the air."]
["Man standing getting ready to serve the ball.", "A large crowd watches a tennis player while he serves a ball.", "A tennis player stands on the court holding a racket and ball.", "A man dressed in a white shirt and black shorts with a tennis racket and ball. ", "A male tennis player prepares to serve on a clay court."]
["A women with a tennis racquet in one hand and a towel in the other.", "A woman is holding a tennis racket and a towel.", "The woman in pink is holding her tennis racket.", "A yoing woman is standing on a tennis court holding a towel and racket.", "A woman in a tennis outfit walks on a court holding a towel and a racket."]
["A woman on a tennis court holding a racket.", "A woman waiting for a tennis ball that hit the net.", "A woman holding a tennis racquet on a purple tennis court.", "A woman playing tennis on a hard surface court.", "A woman serving the tennis ball across the net."]
["Flag post out front of large official government building.", "A flagpole with the flag of Texas flying at the top.", "Th flag is on the pole beside of the building.", "a flag pole sitting in front of a building ", "A flag on a white flag pole in front of a historic building.   "]
["A computer chair at the desk with two computer monitors. ", "Small desk chair sitting under a personal computer table.", "The desk has a lot of computer equipment on it.", "A large desk with several computes beside a book shelf.", "Two computer screens are on a long desk ."]
["A chandelier hanging from a ceiling over a table.", "A very pretty light fixture above some nice flowers.", "A room with a chandelier and a table with a vase on it. ", "Vase with flowers make up the center piece for the table in front of the window", "A chandelier hanging above a table with a vase of flowers in front of a window "]
["A crowd of people flying kites next to a city with tall buildings.", "Group of people outdoors flying a series of kites in a park. ", "Group of people in a city park flying kites.", "A crowd of people with kites flying overhead.", "an image of a group of people outside for an event"]
["A peacock-shaped kite flying overhead in a blue sky.", "A multicolored blue bird flying in the sky. ", "A blue bird shaped kite flying through a blue sky.", "A blue peacock in a cloudless sky. ", "A kite shaped like a bird is flying high in the air."]
["A color kite flying over a large body of water.", "A kite flying in the air above the ocean", "A group of people on the beach flying a kite", "People flying kites on the beach with boats in the water.", "A kite flies over a small group of people by the water."]
["Light breaks through a cloudy day at the pier.", "a landscape of water, cloudy sky and a ray of sun", "A kite is flying over a waterway and under a dark sky.", "Sun rays breaking through an overcast sky over a beach pier.", "A photo of a jetty and a body of water."]
["The lounge chairs are waiting for the kite fliers to finish.", "A red kite sails high in the sky above a grassy green field.", "Adults flying kite in grassy area with lawn chairs.", "A view of a red kite flying through the air over lawn chairs.", "Two people on a lawn near chairs while flying a kite."]
["A crowd of people are standing at a fair and kites are in the sky above them.", "Crowd of people flying colorful and creative kites", "A kite festival has dragon kites flying in the sky.", "people flying different kites at a kite festival", "Several people are in a park flying kites."]
["A group of people on a field flying some kites in the sky.", "Group of people flying kites shaped like people.", "Several people flying large, colorful kites in a grassy field", "Large group of people flying colorful kites in a field. ", "A group of people on a field flying kites at a festival."]
["A crowd of people flying kites under a cloudy sky.", "People watching a big blue kite on a cloudy day.", "People watching kites being flown in the sky. ", "People watching a big balloon and airplanes in the air. ", "there is a very large blue air ballon flying in the sky"]
["a sand shore line with kites flying above it.", "A beach and ocean area with people windsurfing in the water.", "There are kites floating over the blue ocean water.", "I forgot the name of this outdoor activity.", "people in the water playing with their kites "]
["A crowd of people standing on cement ground flying kites.", "Many different colored kites in the air with people on the ground.", "A huge crowd of people flying kites on a beach.", "A kite festival with people flying kites on a beach.", "A lot of people standing around with colorful kites in the sky. "]
["A child in blue shirt playing with a kite in field.", "some people in a field with a kite flying above", "Several people flying kites in a big grassy field.", "A child holds a yellow kite that flies in the air.", "A girl watching a person fly a kite."]
["there is a man holding on the a kite that hes flying ", "A man flies a kite on a sunny day", "A beautiful clear blue sky is ideal for flying his kite.", "a large kite is flying in the sky", "A person is under a clear sky flying a rainbow kite. "]
["A kite is being flown in the air at the park", "A mmutl icolored kite being flown by a park", "A blue, yellow and red flag being flown at a park. ", "A red, gree, and blue kite flying by a lake on a sunny day", "a kite flies through the air over a park area "]
["A yellow kite flies high above a building and a small group of people.", "Several people who are flying a kite in the street.", "A kite flying over a street with a car and people.", "A child flying a kite on a sunny day.", "A yellow kite floats above people on a road. "]
["some tin foil is wrapped around something in a kitchen", "A foil wrapped item on a counter top.", "a baking pan covered with aluminum foil ", "A tray covered in tin foil on top of a counter.", "A dish on the counter covered with aluminum foil. "]
["This is a giant metal refrigerator and freezer. ", "A large, double door, stainless steel refrigerator in a commercial kitchen.", "A very shiny metal fridge with two doors.", "A stainless steel refrigerator in a kitchen with others near it.", "A large stainless steel refrigerator with double doors"]
["A giant man standing  under large colorful kites.", "Two large balloons floating over a statue in a city.", "Three colorful and big kites flying on an overcast day.", "There are two balloons flying in the air.", "A pair of kites fly above a statue."]
["An elaborate memorial and clock in a shopping area", "A clock tower sitting in the middle of a sidewalk.", "A tall clock that is next to a street.", "View of two blue rimmed clocks on a pedestal near a street.", "A clock tower stands in an area alongside storefronts."]
["A young boy throwing up a blue card.", "A very blurry image of two small children in motion.", "A group of children looking up a the person taking the picture.", "Two children playing with a kite on the sidewalk.", "A pair of children playing catch on the street"]
["A group of people that are fine kites.", "Three people fly several large kites in the sky.", "Several people in a field looking at different types of kites.", "Three people inspect their kites in a field", "people in a large grass field play with character kites "]
["Two black children wearing baseball hats and holding bats.", "A boy and girl wearing helmets and holding baseball bats.", "Two boys are ready to go play in a baseball game.", "A couple of people embracing each other while holding bats.", "Two small baseball players each have on helmets. "]
["A pole that has a clock on top of it.", "A clock mounted on an outdoor post with Roman numerals.", "a clock on a pole saying it is 12:45", "An ornamental standing clock is at the foreground of a row of houses.  ", "A black and gold clock on a pole in front of a building."]
["A black and gold street light in the middle of the street", "A large clock tower is positioned in the middle of a road.", "A clock tower sits in the middle of a street.", "A clock tower in the middle of a street", "A clock tower in the middle of a road. "]
["A baseball game is in action at the plate.", "A group of men in a field playing baseball.", "A man with a baseball bat that is standing in the dirt.", "The Umpire, catcher, and batter playing baseball, just as batter swung his bat.", "there is a baseball game on and a player has swung for the ball"]
["A professional baseball player in batting stance with bullpen in background.", "Several uniformed baseball players during a baseball game.", "A batter, catcher and umpire in a baseball game.", "A man with a bat stands at a base.", "Batter winds up ready to hit the baseball"]
["A baseball player in the batter's box during a game.", "A baseball batter is smiling as he prepares to swing at home plate.", "One of the Twins baseball players is up to bat.", "A baseball player standing next to home base with a bat.", "Professional athlete preparing to take swing at ball during game."]
["the batter is ready to hit the ball", "A man on a field with a baseball bat.", "a baseball player with a bat and some fans", "a man with a bat ready to kick a tennis ball", "a batter standing next to the plate holding a bat"]
["A boy is preparing to play on a sport field.", "a boy in a baseball uniform standing in a field", "a small boy holding a bat and standing on the on deck circle", "A boy in a baseball uniform steps up to bat.", "A young man standing on top of a field holding a baseball bat."]
["A boy in a green jersey with a bag on a baseball field", "A young man standing on a baseball field holding a bat.", "A pitcher throwing a baseball at a baseball game. ", "The young pitcher has thrown a baseball to the batter.", "A batter pulls back as the ball approaches him.  "]
["A man holding a baseball bat while on a field.", "A baseball player and his team are on the field", "The batter is ready to swing at the next pitch.", "Three baseball players with gloves and bat at the pitch", "A baseball player standing on a baseball field."]
["A batter in the batter's box next to the catcher and umpire. ", "A batter is waiting for the next pitch in the game.", "A batter, catcher and umpire in a baseball game.", "A group of men on a field playing baseball.", "A baseball player is posed to swing his bat."]
["A young boy stands at bat in a park.", "A young person at bat in a baseball game.", "Adults behind a fence and a child with a baseball bat.", "A little boy standing near home plate holding a bat.", "A little girl preparing to hit a baseball with a bat."]
["A baseball game as a batter stands ready to swing.", "A baseball player holding a bat ready to hit a baseball.", "A baseball game in progress with the batter up.", "A baseball player at bat awaiting a pitch.", "Men wearing baseball uniforms at home plate in a field."]
["Kids playing a game of baseball while people watch. ", "Parents watching young boys playing baseball in the sun", "a young boy is at home plate in a baseball game", "A baseball game taking place at a baseball field. ", "Two young baseball players and one adult. "]
["A young man swinging a baseball bat over home plate.", "Boy playing baseball in a red helmet and green shirt. ", "A boy who is batting at a baseball game.", "A young baseball player follows through on a swing.", "Batter took a swing at the ball during the baseball game"]
["A boy in green jersey playing in a baseball game.", "A baseball player getting ready to bat while a person watches.", "The young boy is trying to hit the baseball during the game. ", "a little league player at home plate holding a bat ", "A boy playing baseball waiting for a pitch"]
["A large cheese pizza sitting on a pizza pan.", "A baked pizza crust resting on a device in a restaurant.", "A finished pizza in a metal pan on display.", "The recipe has been baked in a terracotta bowl, producing a desirable browning of the top and crust.", "A bright cheesy pizza is still in the pan."]
["A pizza cutter is laying next to the pizza.", "A pizza cutter lying next to a well baked pizza", "Extreme close-up of meet and cheese pizza and cutting wheel.", "A pizza cutter rests inside a pizza after use.", "a close up of a pizza cutter next to a pizza pie."]
["A young man wearing a tennis racquet on his back.", "Young boy carrying tennis racket in clear pouch with tennis ball while walking on sidewalk.", "A boy with a tennis racket and ball in a cover on his back.", "A young boy walks through a park with his tennis racket and balls in a case over his shoulder. ", "A person on a street with a tennis racket."]
["The young man tennis player is serving the ball.", "a man is getting ready to serve a tennis ball", "A man about to hit a tennis ball in the air.", "A man gets ready to swing a tennis racket.", "a man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court."]
["A male tennis player in the act of serving the ball.", "A man prepares to hit the tennis ball with his racket.", "A man on a tennis court serving a ball.", "A male tennis player swinging his tennis racket.", "A man serving the ball in a nighttime tennis match."]
["THERE IS A MAN THAT IS PLAYING TENNIS ON THE COURT ", "A tennis player in action on the court.", "A man playing tennis is serving a tennis ball. ", "A tennis player jumping to hit the tennis ball. ", "A man who is playing tennis reaches up to smack a tennis ball."]
["A man throwing a tennis ball to hit with a tennis racket.", "A male tennis player prepares to serve the ball.", "A man taking a swing at a tennis ball", "A man is playing tennis on a court.", "A man is  throwing a tennis ball into the air in order to serve it over the net. "]
["A freezer with several boxes of a dish in it.", "Some boxes of frozen pizzas are in the store.", "Food entree displayed in refrigerated cooler of grocery store.", "boxes of pizza well packed with their price on", "A bunch of frozen boxes that are in a refrigerator."]
["A box of mini pizzas all with different toppings.", "many boxes with big tasty looking pizzas in them.", "Seven pizzas in their boxes and two beers", "a bunch of boxes of pizza sit next to a beer ", "Some pizzas in boxes are arranged on a table."]
["A pizza sitting on top of a pan in an oven.", "a pizza sitting in an oven waiting to be cooked", "A pizza being made inside of an oven. ", "A pizza sits on the rack of an oven, uncooked.", "An unbaked pizza sitting on a rack in the oven."]
["A pizza type dish with vegetables and a lemon wedge.", "A meal on a plate next to a fork with a lemon on top.", "close up of a quiche with greens and lemon", "A dish of potato pancakes is sitting on a table.", "A cheese pizza with spinach leaves and a lemon slice."]
["A group of people at a table in a room.", "four men sitting at a table eating a meal", "A group of men sitting at a dinner table having conversation.", "A group of men eating pizza and having a beer at a restaurant. ", "A white table people sitting around plates of food."]
["a man is reaching back with a tennis racket", "a male tennis player in a yellow shirt is playing tennis", "A man holding a tennis racquet in front of a tennis ball.", "a young man holding a tennis racket  next to a tennis ball", "A man playing tennis near a large rock"]
["a man runs on the court during a tennis match to hit a ball", "A person prepares to hit a tennis ball while many people watch from the stands.", "A tennis player runs to return a hit to his opponent.", "The man is playing tennis on the court. ", "a man stands on a tennis court as people look on"]
["A crowd of people standing next to each other.", "A picture of several women and men, some with tennis rackets. ", "A black and white picture has a posing crowd.", "an old photo of a  group of people posing for a camera ", "An old photo taken of a group of tennis players."]
["A tennis player holding a tennis racquet while he serves a tennis ball.", "A tennis player throws the ball up to make a serve.", "A woman about to serve during a tennis match.", "A tennis player holding one arm up high on a tennis court.", "A tennis player preparing to serve the ball."]
["A woman in white dress playing a game of tennis.", "Woman about to serve a tennis ball while line judge watches.", "A tennis player is out on the court", "A person serving a tennis ball on a tennis court.", "A tennis player jumps up to hit a ball"]
["A woman standing on a tennis court with a tennis racquet in her hand.", "A female tennis player stands in front of the net", "A young woman in a white shirt and black pants on a tennis court playing a game.", "A girl is standing on a tennis court with her raquet.", "A woman is holding a tennis racket on a court."]
["A photo of an apartment building with a clock on it ", "A person stands in the window of their apartment.", "A clock lit up at night time on a building corner.", "a brick building at night with a clock on the front", "The illuminated clock is on a building above a traffic signal. "]
["a desk with a computer, books, paperwork and shelves with DVDs ", "A computer sitting on a desk with bookshelf behind it.", "A person's desk with a computer and many books in a case behind it.", "A cluttered desk with many books, a computer and papers upon it.", "a bunch of books on a wood book shelf"]
["People are on their laptops at he desks doodling. ", "Four men are setting up an office and eating lunch.", "Men sitting and standing at desks in a room.", "four men in an office working on their computers", "A group of office workers show off their computers."]
["a person watching another person doing something on a computer", "Two men are at a counter with two laptops.", "A couple of men doing something on a laptop.", "A man sitting in front of a laptop while a standing man looks at the screen.", "the two friends are sharing information from the computer."]
["Two laptops next to each other with monitors turned on.  ", "Two laptops side by side next to a cup of coffee.", "Two laptop computers sitting side by side on a table.", "A cup of coffee in front of two laptop computers.", "a desk with two laptops on it next to cup of coffee and doughnut."]
["A bunch of tables with blue cloth on them sitting in a big courtyard. ", "A picture of a large building with a clock tower.", "Tables are set up near a large building and people are milling around.", "A tower that has a clock on the side of it.", "An outdoor plaza is surrounded by tall white buildings."]
["A close up of a laptop sitting on a wooden table.", "a laptop, mouse and coffee cup and a mans  arm on another table ", "A laptop is kept on the table.A person is sitting on other table.", "a laptop computer sitting on a wood table open ", "A laptop with a colorful screen is sitting on a table in a restaurant."]
["A black and white image of a clock", "Large square clock and advertisement cylinder hanging from top of building in European style building maybe a train station.", "A large clock suspended from a ceiling in a train station.", "The large clock in the station has a square shape.", "a big clock hanging on a piece of wood in a building"]
["an image of a child playing on a toy laptop", "A young girl using a kids laptop computer on a desk.", "A little girl uses a child-sized laptop in her living room.", "A child working on a toy-like laptop that is on a table.", "A young girl using a childs' laptop toy."]
["A group of guys standing behind several covered tables.", "A group of boys standing in front of a screen and by table with computers on top.", "A group of fraternity students set up audio and video equipment.", "A group of people standing behind tables with laptop computers.", "A group of guys standing behind tables on a stage before a presentation. "]
["A large clock sitting in front of a tall building.", "A large  two sided clock by a building", "A large clock sits next to a large building\n", "This is a closeup of a clock that stands on the street.", "An elaborate lamp post clock in a city"]
["A tower with a clock on top on a concrete lot.", "A large structure sitting in the middle of a walkway.", "An oriental clock tower sitting on top of a carnival ride.", "A ride at a carnival in a parking lot.", "The ride has a large circular track on it."]
["A man with a glass holding a teddy bear", "A man is holding a stuffed animal in his arm", "A man in a blue suit with a demonic smirk on his face holding a small brown teddy bear.", "Man in blue suit holding a teddy bear and a glass.", "A man sitting in a boat holding a drink and a teddy bear."]
["Four stuffed teddy bears having a picnic and \"eating\" sandwiches while having drinks", "A group of teddy bears set up like they are having tea.", "A group of teddy bears with a basket a play food arranged as though at a picnic", "A group of stuffed animals sitting near a a few sandwiches and drinks.", "there are many stuffed animals that are eating together"]
["A little girl sleeping with her teddy bear and quilt.", "A small baby sleeping next to a big tan stuffed teddy bear. ", "a small sleeping girl is next to her brown and white teddy bear", "a young baby has fallen asleep with a stuffed bear", "An infant sleeping with a teddy bear with him."]
["A white teddy bear sitting next to a brown teddy bear.", "Two teddy bears are wrapped in a blue ribbon on a red background.", "A large stuffed bear sits with a smaller stuffed bear.", "A pair of stuffed bears are tied together.", "A stuffed white bear attached to a smaller one"]
["two stuffed bears one big and one small sitting in front of each other on a table", "A big red stuffed bear with a small white stuffed bear.", "Two teddy bears on a table with one holding a heart.", "A red teddy bear sitting behind a white bear.", "Two teddy bears of different colours sit on a surface. "]
["Two men with hard hats on next to laptops.", "Two men in hard hats are by their computers.", "Tow men with hardhats and blue t-shirts standing in front of computers together.", "The young men are wearing hard hats as they refer to their laptops in the office. ", "Two man in hard hats next to laptops."]
["A laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.", "a laptop sits in front of a group of people", "a computer is on display for a group of people", "The camera on the computer is showing the people at the event.", "A white laptop computer with an image of a man on the screen."]
["A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "a desk with a monitor and a laptop on it.", "A computer desk has two computers sitting on it.", "View of a computer and laptop on a desk in a cubicle.", "a computer desk with two computers and books"]
["A donut on a plate in the microwave", "A doughnut that has been placed in a microwave.", "A donut on a plate in a microwave oven.", "A stainless steel microwave with a donut on a plate inside.", "A doughnut on a plate in a microwave on a counter."]
["some people are sitting at a table on a phone and laptop", "People sit and look at computers and phones.", "Woman and two teens hanging out at a table using electronics.", "Three people are sitting at a table on electronic devices. ", "A person on an orange compute while another is on her cell phone and the third one is staring out in space."]
["The man is curious about what is on the laptop computer.", "a woman and man sit in front of white laptop", "a person in glasses is using a laptop", "A male emo hipster wearing a furry jacket in front of a laptop computer.", "An eccentric couple sitting in front of a laptop"]
["A kitchen with lots of cabinets with an oven underneath a microwave oven.", "An unfinished kitchen has wooden panelling and cabinets.", "a bare kitchen with a black microwave and oven built into the wall", "A kitchen with open cabinets and black appliances.  ", "A black stove and microwave are in an unfinished kitchen."]
["this is a stuffed animal on the concrete", "Two children carry an enormous stuffed teddy bear.", "The two children have a large teddy bear.", "The two animals are holding a very large bear.", "Two children stand near a large teddy bear."]
["A woman with a big ring is holding a golden cell phone.", "A woman in a striped dress holding a gold cellphone.", "A woman holding a gold cell phone in her hand.", "A woman holding a gold cell phone in her hand.", "A woman holding a shiny gold cell phone  in her hand"]
["A woman in a yellow jacket standing against a concrete wall.", "a person standing near a wall operating a cell phone", "A woman in a yellow raincoat consults her cell phone.", "A woman standing in front of a cement wall looking at her cellphone.", "A woman in a yellow jacket stands on and looks at her phone."]
["Assortment of vegetable being cooked in metal pot.", "The fresh vegetables are cooking in the pot. ", "Silver metal bowl full of many different vegetables.", "A pan filled with soup and lots of broth.", "Onions and other vegetables are being boiled in a stew pot."]
["Peanut butter, mustard an ketchup by two microwave ovens.", "Two microwaves are on top of each other.", "a close up of counter with a two microwaves stacked on one another", "On a gray counter, two white microwaves sit atop each other near some condiments.", "One microwave on top of another next to some basic condiments."]
["An adorable kid walks across the rug holding a phone.", "A very cute small child standing on a carpet.", "A boy standing on a rug with a cell phone in his hands.", "a child walking on the floor with a cell phone", "A toddler holding a cell phone stands on a rug."]
["A man is making a phone call while surrounded by balloons. ", "A shirtless young man is shown at some type of street party with numerous baloons attached to his body.", "A man holding multiple long skinny balloons around his head while talking on a cellular phone.", "a man without a shirt and some white blue and pink baloons", "Man with no shirt and lots of balloons. "]
["A man is in deep conversation holding the telephone", "A man talking on the phone in front of a building.", "a person talking on a large cell phone", "A man talking on his cell phone in public", "A man talking on a cell phone in a building."]
["A beautiful young lady with a flower in her hair talking on a cell phone.", "A woman speaks on the phone on her wedding day.", "Smiling woman with a flower in her hair on a cell phone.", "A girl with a flower in her hair talking on a cell phone.", "Woman with a dress on holding a cellphone up to her ear. "]
["A woman sitting on a train while holding a smart device.", "The woman sits on the metro train using her cell phone. ", "A woman is looking at a cell phone on a train.", "A woman uses her cell phone on a passenger train.", "A woman with earphones on a train using her phone."]
["A woman standing next to another woman holding a bottle of beer.", "Two girls standing under a tree looking at a cell phone.", "a couple of people that are staring at a camera ", "Two women wearing hats smiling while looking at a cell phone. ", "Two women looking at pictures on a camera."]
["A woman talking on a cell phone while holding a cup of coffee.", "A woman drinks her coffee while talking on her phone", "A woman is walking down a sidewalk talking on her cellphone and holding a cup of coffee. ", "A woman with a coffee on her cellphone", "The young woman is talking on her cel phone."]
["A woman with her face painted like a cat is talking on her cell phone", "A woman using her cell phone smiles wearing cat make-up.", "A woman with a painted face is on a phone.", "A woman on the sidewalk wearing cat makeup.", "A woman on a city street with face painted like a cat."]
["A man and a woman take a picture", "A male and a female in the foreground sitting in an airplane as the woman is holding out her cell phone.", "some people on an airplane and the woman is holding a cellphone", "Couple on an airplane showing off a text", "Man and woman on plane with woman showing the camera something on her phone."]
["A beautiful young woman talking on a phone.", "Woman walking and talking on a cellphone next to several posted flyers.", "A girl on her cell phone walking down a sidewalk.", "A woman dressed walking on the street talking on a cell phone.", "A girl talking on a cell phone in front of a bunch of flyers."]
["A group of six cinnamon rolls sitting inside of an oven .", "A group of uncooked cinnamon rolls on a pan in an oven.", "Half of a dozen cinnamon rolls are in the oven.", "Six cinnamon rolls baking in the oven on a tray.", "Cinnamon rolls sitting on a pan in the oven. "]
["A black refrigerator freezer mounted inside a kitchen wall.", "A modern kitchen with large red wooden cabinets.", "A modern, spacious kitchen features wooden floor, and mahogany cabinets.", "A glossy black refrigerator is inside a wooden cabinet.", "A black fridge in the middle of a kitchen."]
["A refrigerator filled with food and almond milk.\n", "A refrigerator with chocolate pudding, yogurt and other foods.", "Refrigerator filled with food on all the shelves.", "A refrigerator containing water, yoghurt and almond milk.", "The contents of a refrigerator includes yogurt, almond milk and bottled water."]
["Well stocked refrigerator with food and beverage items.", "A refrigerator filled with lots of food and drinks.", "There are different food items in a refrigerator.", "The refrigerator is stocked with many different foods.", "A refrigerator opened with several food items in it."]
["A clock mounted on top of a building in the city", "We are looking up at a tall building and a clock tower.", "The buildings that are red and white are taller than the clock building.", "A clock tower on top of a tall building. ", "Two building across from each other in the city."]
["A discarded white refrigerator sitting on the street.", "A white appliance stands by a graffiti sprayed wall.", "A large electronic box in the middle of a street with graffiti.", "An abandoned refrigerator sits on littered brick pavement beside a wall covered with graffiti.", "A refrigerator sitting alone on a walkway by a wall."]
["A refrigerator sitting in front of a vandalized wall.", "used white refrigerator next to a wall of graffitti", "A refrigerator and trash items sit in front of a tagged wall.", "A broken white fridge sits in front of a wall with graffiti.", "A busted up refrigerator in front of a wall."]
["A train station with a large clock on the front of the building.", "a short clock tower that covers a walkway as well ", "A covered area is made of glass and has a clock.", "People walking through a covered pedestrian walk-way that has a large clock", "A clock is high up on a large city structure."]
["a person opening a fridge to get some food out ", "A man is in the kitchen preparing to cook a meal.", "A man reaching into the refrigerator while working on a large meal. ", "Man in kitchen retrieving cooking items in kitchen preparation area.", "A man standing in front of an open refrigerator."]
["A wooden table topped with three glass vases.", "Magenta and clear colored glass bottles are growing onion.", "Three vases sitting on a glass table. ", "An assortment of oddly shaped glass candle holders on a table.", "Three glass candles sitting on a table and lit."]
["A picture of children's toy reading story. ", "A collection of stuffed animals and a doll that is holding a book.", "A doll sitting in front of a book on a couch.", "Stuffed doll reading story to assorted stuffed animals.", "Stuffed toys propped up as if they are reading and listening to a book"]
["A man in the bathroom enjoying using the hairdryer.", "A man is using a hair dryer on himself.", "Man singing into an electric hair dryer in the bathroom", "A man with long hair using a blow drying in a bathroom.", "Man thoroughly enjoying the use of a hair dryer."]
["A man and woman singing into a blow dryer attached to a bathroom wall.", "two people singing into a hair dryer ", "A man and a women yelling into a corded phone", "Man and woman opening their mouth towards a hairdryer. ", "Two people are playing with an appliance in a bathroom."]
["there is a man holding up a blow dryer ", "A man holding a  hair dryer it up to a pair of cloths.", "A man holding a white hair dryer in front of him.", "A male pointing a hot glue gun at some fabric hung on the ceiling.", "A man holding up a hair dryer toward clothes."]
["A baby grabs his mother's robe as she gently brushes his hair.", "A young baby has his hair brushed by mom.", "A woman is brushing a cute baby's hair.", "a woman brushing a little boys hair with a brush ", "Black and white photograph of a woman and baby."]
["A girl playing with a toy on a room floor.", "A young girl sitting in front of a child's toilet, holding a brush.", "A kid with a toy sitting in a room.", "A toddler girl is kneeling on the ground and holding a hairbrush.", "A young girl playing with a play doll while sitting on the floor. "]
["A street between two buildings with a clock tower in the background.", "a clock tower in between some buildings ", "An alley way, at the end of it their is a large clock tower.", "a narrow alley leading to a tall clock tower in the back ", "In the distance between two buildings stands a clock tower. "]
["A large clock tower connected to a brick church.", "A large bell tower with a clock on it", "A tall tower with a clock on it made of red brick", "A tall clock tower stands above a large building.", "A picture is taken of a building on a clear day."]
["A cutting board with slices of fruit on top of it.", "pieces of kiwi and peach cut up on a plate next to a teapot", "The fresh fruit is cut up on the table ready to be eaten.", "A view of a plate of fruit that is on a wooden plate.", "A fruit plate sitting on a table next to a tea setting."]
["a crowd of people with a clock tower in the background", "a group of people standing in front of a clock tower", "We are looking at a tall clock tower in a public square.", "A giant massive clock tower towering over a city.", "People are standing outside near a clock tower."]
["a building with a very large clock on the side of it", "A clock tower with Roman Numerals and a Sun Dial.", "A large clock with an astrological attached to it.", "Ornamental clock sitting on the side of a brick building. ", "A large clock on the side of a building."]
["An old building with a giant clock at the top", "A very tall brick clock tower sitting under a blue sky.", "A cross tops the uppermost tower of a stone church.", "a very tall brick building with a big clock in the middle", "A tall brick building with a clock on the front of it"]
["A very tall castle sitting under a cloudy gray sky.", "A roman numeral clock on a castle wall.  ", "An old stone building with a clock on the front. ", "this is a stone and brick church on a cloudy day", "a building with a big clock sitting on the outside"]
["VARIOUS ANTIQUE CHAIN CLOCKS KEPT ALTOGETHER ON A TABLE.", "A lot of small clocks on different times.", "A large array of pocket watches are on a table.", "A table with several pocket watches on it.", "A collection of antique pocket watches in various condition"]
["A sky view looking at the clock tower of a building.", "A large clock tower sitting beneath a bright blue sky.", "A large steeple of  building with a clock built into it.", "A tall clock tower in front of a clear sky", "A clock tower in the middle of the city."]
["a red and yellow tower with some clocks built into it ", "A gigantic clock tower catches sunlight on a clear day. ", "Two clocks on a tower at the top", "A tall four sided clock tower on the end of a building.", "upward looking picture of clock tower against a blue sky with sun shining on clock face"]
["Artwork with a fish is hanging from the ceiling.", "A piece of art hangs in a window and features a wheel and a fish.", "A piece of art and a clock hanging from a window.", "Perhaps this strange looking contraption is a sculpture.", "A mobile of some sort hanging on the ceiling."]
["A couple of vases sitting in a window sill.", "a pair of colorful vases holding white daisies", "two vases placed on the window with some flowers", "a couple of vases with some plants in them", "Two vases with crochet covers sitting in a window sill."]
["a stuffed chicken is sitting next to some flowers", "A toy chicken standing beside a flower vase.", "A stuffed rooster figure sitting next to a vase on a table.", "A small table with some very pretty flowers and a stuffed animal.", "A vase filled with flowers is sitting on a table with a chicken. "]
["a white vase with a blue and yellow bird", "Two white vases on a shelf next to a window.", "a couple of vases that are on top of a table.", "Small vase with a cute small bird sitting on a window seal. ", "Blue bird on a branch painted on a white vase."]
["A red vase with an assortment of flowers in it", "The small vase on the table is holding some dry flowers.", "A floral arrangement in a vase sitting on a table.", "Close up of a ceramic vase filled with dry flowers", "An orange vase with dried flowers in it."]
["A potted plant sitting on a concrete overview.", "A planter with bright orange and white flowers sitting on a ledge.", "A pot of flowers is sitting on a stone wall.", "A terra cotta pot containing white and orange flowers.", "flowers in a pot sitting on a cement wall"]
["music sheets in a binder sit on the table with scissors, tape, a pen and ruler ", "A table holding a binder with sheet music and scissors.", "Orange handled scissors and tape dispenser with pens and sheet music on desk.", "A pair of scissors, cello-tape holder and pen on a table", "A wooden table containing papers, scissors and a tape dispenser."]
["The young child is cutting up some paper.", "There is a boy in a blue pajamas holding a pair of scissors.", "A little child wearing blue holds a pair of yellow scissors and some paper.", "A toddler plays with scissors and construction paper", "A CHILD IS CUTTING PAPER AT THE TABLE"]
["A doctor tending to a persons injured leg.", "A person wearing gloves is holding an instrument to a person's arm.", "A boy in red shorts getting sutures in his leg.", "A Doctor putting stitches into someones shin area.", "A person standing over another person sticking them with a hypodermic needle."]
["A pair of rusted scissors stuck in a stone sculpture.", "A pair of scissors that is a grassy area.", "A pair of rusty scissors is standing up", "Rusted scissors sticking out of a metal object in a backyard.", "rusted scissors out in the field with grass growing around it."]
["A little boy with scissors and construction paper.", "A toddler holds scissors up in the air around a big mess of cut up paper.", "A boy is cutting up pieces of construction paper.", "A boy is sitting on a floor cutting up paper.", "A small child is playing on the floor and is surrounded by torn up pieces of paper."]
["A young girl is holding a stuffed bear. ", "A little girl that is holding a stuffed bear.", "there is a young girl that is holding a stuffed bear", "A woman holding a brown teddy bear next to a plant.", "The young girl is holding a large brown stuffed bear."]
["A woman standing next to a drawing of a tree holding a teddy bear.", "A girl sits holding a teddy bear in front of a tree with red leaves.", "A girls sits with a teddy bear in front of a painting. ", "A woman holds a phone in her hand as a white teddy bear.", "Middle aged dark-haired woman on telephone with a teddy bear beside her."]
["A boy in a straw hat sits with two stuffed bears.", "a young boy with a cowboy hat on plays with a stuffed bear", "The first picture is blank all the time on purpose.", "A boy sitting at a table with stuffed teddy bears.", "A little boy that is sitting down next to some stuffed bears."]
["a large teddy bear that is next to a log", "A person wearing a teddy bear outfit and a coat sitting in a forest. ", "Stuffed bear sitting in the woods near a branch and rock contraption.", "A teddy bear with a coat on sitting next to a tree stump.", "A stuffed bear sits on a log beside another log."]
["Cut open meat loaf sitting on aluminum foil in an outdoor setting.", "a close up of food on a sheet of aluminum", "a large close up of a meatloaf on foil on top of a counter", "there is a close up picture of a piece of bread that is cut", "A cake sitting on top of a piece of tin foil."]
["A person sitting at a table with two plates of food, silverware and a cup on it.", "A fork in a plate filled with food.", "A plate of rice, tortillas, and sauces on a wooden table", "A pair of breakfast dishes with pancakes, eggs, rice, and a tortilla.", "A plate topped with mexican rice, salsa and a quesadilla."]
["A blueberry bagel rests on a plain plate.", "A blueberry bagel sitting on top of a white plate on top of a table.", "A decent looking blueberry bagel on a white plate", "A whole blueberry bagel on a white plate", "A cooked blueberry bagel on a white plate."]
["A meal on a plate is sitting on a table.", "The dish features eggs as well as a green vegetable.", "An omelette and side of greens on a plate with coffee and a glass of juice. ", "A blue plate, with an omelet and salad is sitting on a wooden table.", "A plate and glasses have food and drinks"]
["HAM AND EGG ON A PANCAKE, WITH A DISH OF YOGURT", "some food is laying out on a white plate", "Some food that is sitting on a plate on a table.", "Two pancakes and a slice of Canadian bacon displayed on a table.", "A plate with yogurt and pancakes and ham"]
["A table topped with a white bowl filled with rice.", "coffe cups, a cell phone, a fork, and a meal are scattered about the table", "A bowl of oatmeal on a table and various colors of mugs on a table.", "A table with a bowl of food and some mugs.", "a close up of a bowl of food on a table "]
["A group of people sit around a table at a restaurant.  ", "A group of people at a dining table in a very large room.", "Friends gather around a table for dinner at a nice restaurant.", "People sitting around an oval table in a restaurant posing for a photo.", "A group of people sitting around a table sharing a meal."]
["a family is gathered around a table for dinner", "A group of people sitting at a table at a restaurant.", "A group of older people sitting at a round table.", "A group of people sitting around a large round table.", "Everyone at the round table is wearing glasses"]
["Some seafood and a lemon on a plate", "well made food potatoes on a white plate", "A plate with scallops, green beans, and a baked potato.", "A photo of dinner on a dining table.", "A picture of a dish of scallops on a white plate with a baked potato and green beans."]
["A man sitting at a bar filled with liquor.", "People sitting a a take near several bottles of wine on shelves. ", "Several people are sitting at a table drinking.", "Several people in a bar sitting at a long table.", "People eating in a restaurant near wine bottles."]
["A lady is sitting on a terrace drinking a glass of wine.", "Woman enjoying beverage from glass while sitting on terrace.", "A woman drinking a glass of wine in an outdoor setting.", "A girl in sunglasses and a black shirt holds a glass up to her mouth in an outdoor area.", "A woman drinking from a class on a balcony."]
["A man sitting in a chair holding a baby who is chewing on a remote.", "A baby is sitting in a man's lap and has a remote control in its mouth.", "A adult holding a child biting into a remote.", "A baby is biting a remote control and staring straight ahead.", "A baby with a remote control in her mouth. "]
["The tables at the restaurant are very crowded with people. ", "An outdoor cafe with people sitting at multiple tables.", "Groups of people sitting at tables talking in blue chairs", "Outdoor tables at a restaurant with blue chairs and umbrellas.", "A large group of people sitting at tables with umbrellas."]
["A group of rescue workers helping an overturned car", "A group of people are around the upside down car on the street. ", "a car over turned on a city street", "it is a scene of a crash with a vehicle overturned.", "An overturned car at the intersection of a city street."]
["Black and white photograph of person with birds.", "A black and white photo of a person close to a pigeon.", "A person in a hood looking at a pair of birds on a rail.", "A black and white photo of someone feeding two birds.", "A person in a hoodie close to perched pigeons."]
["A group of people standing around a kitchen preparing food.", " two men and one woman standing in a kitchen", "Three people are standing in the same kitchen area.", "A man, woman, and child preparing food in a kitchen.", "Three people are preparing a meal in a small kitchen."]
["a kitchen with cabinets and counter tops sitting on a tiled floor", "A tiny kitchen has a dishwasher, cabinets and a microwave.", "partial picture of kitchen looking through door to another area with cabinets and a sink", "A separate room off of a kitchen with a dishwasher and microwave in it.", "A white automatic dishwasher sitting under a microwave oven."]
["a woman and her cat nervously look at the camera", "A woman sitting down with a cat on her lap.", "A woman is shown snuggling with her cat.", "A woman wearing a red sweater holding a cat.", "In person cuddling in a blanket with a cat"]
["A black stove top oven sitting in a kitchen.", "a collage with a kitchen a stove and a refrigerator", "Several pictures showing minor details of a home. ", "A kitchen with a sink, stove, refrigerator, microwave, and kitchen decor. ", "A kitchen with small photos of other walls in it "]
["The skilled skier is taking the downhill route.", "Downhill Skiier traveling on steep slope of snow", "A man skiing down a mountain on a sunny day", "A person on skis is riding down a hill.", "a skier skiing down a steep snowy slope "]
["A kitchen filled with appliances and a wall mounted picture.", "That seems like a very small sink for this kitchen.", "A little bitty corner sink is in a kitchen", "The corner of a kitchen with a sink", "A nearly empty modern style kitchen with wooden cabinets."]
["A table full of vegetables and fruits  piled on top of each other.", "Group of mixed vegetables sitting on a counter top in a kitchen. ", "Close-up of fruits and vegetables on a table.", "There is a pile of fruit and vegetables on a table", "Assorted  fruits and vegetables displayed in a kitchen scene."]
["A hand holding two spoons over a metal sink.", "A person is holding two spoons over the sink.", "A person holding two spoons over a sink", "A person is washing two spoons in a sink.", "a person holds two spoons over a sink"]
["A man holding a remote control in his mouth.", "a man with a cell phone in his mouth", "Funny close up of a man staring cross eyed at a remote control in his mouth.", "A man crossing his eyes with a remote in his mouth.", "A man with crossed eyes holding a remote in his mouth"]
["A kitchen sink with cupboards of dishes stored above it.", "sink area of a kitchen with coral colored shelving", "A kitchen sink with a metallic faucet under a cupboard.", "The dishes on the open shelves are easily at hand.", "Large set up of glasses and plates in a kitchen cupboard. "]
["A man carrying a large US flag on a horse riding down a town street", "A man on a horse holding an American flag.", "A person sitting on a horse in the street.", "A person riding on the back of a brown horse holding the American Flag.", "A man holding an American flag riding down the street on a horse."]
["A kitchen with a white tile wall and a chrome counter with a built in oven.", "A kitchen with a stove, shelves and various cabinets.", "The kitchen has stainless steel appliances with only one white door. ", "A beautiful high end stainless steel commercial kitchen.", "A kitchen with stainless steel appliances and counters."]
["Boy rides skateboard and does trick over stairs.", "Man in air on skateboard at night by light of street lamps.", "Skateboarder does airborne trick in front of concrete steps.", "A skateboarder jumping over the set of steps. ", "A person is doing a skateboarding trick on the stairs of a public plaza."]
["A man standing in a kitchen while closing a cupboard door.", "A man standing in kitchen surrounded by items.", "A kitchen area with a cooler and container stacked on the floor and a man getting an item out of a cabinet.", "A man holding a cabinet in a kitchen.", "a man stocking up his kitchen with groceries"]
["A group of people walking towards a beach while carrying surfboards.", "Beach scene, 12 people walking to water carrying surf boards.", "People walking on a beach, many carrying surfboards", "Many people are carrying surfboards to the ocean.", "Two groups of surfers walk side by side on their way to the ocean."]
["Cooking utensils in a glass next to an oven.", "A bowl with kitchen utensils sits next to the stove", "Some cooking utensils are sitting in a pitcher.", "Kitchen cooking utensils in glass container next to modern oven.", "A glass sitting on a table next to an oven."]
["A woman cooking in a skillet on the stove.", "a woman standing over a kitchen sink preparing food.", "A woman in a floral shirt preparing food in a skillet.", "A woman is standing over a pan of food on the stove.", "A woman cooking food at a skillet on a stove."]
["A couple of glasses next to a  bottle.", "a bottle and two glasses against a black background", "Blue glasses wait to be filled with wine.", "There are two light up wine glasses with light wine up bottle beside them. ", "A pair of wine glasses next to a bottle of win"]
["a fridge and a sink in a home kitchen", "A stove standing next to a fridge freezer ", "Small kitchen with silver appliances inside of it. ", "A kitchen with a stove, oven, and refrigerator.", "THIS IS A PHOTO OF A PINKISH KITCHEN IN A RESIDENTIAL PLACE"]
["A girl takes a picture of herself in the mirror.", "A woman takes a picture of herself in a bathroom mirror. ", "A woman takes a picture in front of the mirror.", "A woman taking a selfie in a bathroom mirror.", "A woman wearing a white shirt and black vest looks into a mirror while holding a camera."]
["a kitchen with a refrigerator a small table and chairs", "A kitchen containing several appliances, a table with chairs and an open spice rack.", "Kitchen area, with storage shelves, stove/oven, dish washer, refrigerator, counter and two person dining table.", "A clean kitchen with a counter, spice rack and eating area.", "Eating and kitchen area of a small apartment "]
["A small kitchen with black and wooden cabinets.", "This modern kitchen is pictured at a side view.", "A kitchen filled with black counter tops and a black stove top oven.", "A small kitchen features dark cabinets and counters. ", "A small kitchen with dark counters and woodwork."]
["A TV sitting on top of a counter inside of a store.", "a t.v. that is sitting on a shelf with some lights near by", "a bunch of different electronics all on one big pile. ", "a bright light sitting in front of a tv ", "A collection of cameras and lights in front of a tv."]
["A girl is holding a paper up over her face as a man is shown behind in a mirror talking on a phone.", "a woman holding onto a piece of paper and covering her face with it", "A person holding up papers while sitting at a table.", "A person sits at a white table holding a white piece of paper in front of her face and in the background, a man with glass is sitting with his head leaning in his hand.", "A woman hides her face behind a blank sheet of paper."]
["A kitchen, with a sink, oven, fridge, and cabinets.", "Kitchen with wooden cabinets and a metal sink.", "A kitchen with wooden walls and cabinets and a metal sink.", "An empty kitchen with wooden cabinets and black appliances. ", "A kitchen with a sink, stove, and wooden cabinets. "]
["A girls bicycle leaning against a street sign", "A bike parked up against the side of a pole.", " A road with pavement on which street sign board is attached on a pole.A cycle is standing by the pole. ", "A rusty street sign with a bicycle leaning against the pole.", "A street sign with a bike leaned up against it."]
["A bathroom with powers on a towel rack under a painting.", "Towels are hanging over rods in a bathroom.", "A bathroom with towels hung up and bamboo plants. ", "Three stalks of bamboo grow over a bathroom towel rack.", "Bathroom with many towels hanging to dry out."]
["Elegant marbled bathroom with blinds and toiletries with mirror", "A hotel bathroom shows a large bathtub by a window.", "A bathroom with modern fixtures including a garden style bathtub near a window that has it's shades closed.", "A huge luxury bathroom with an oval tub.", "A view of a bathroom with a mirror, towels and a tub. "]
["A bathroom with a sink, toilet, and vanity.", "tiled bathroom with a couple towels hanging up", "An old bathroom with a black marble sink.", "A bathroom with a black sink counter next to a white toilet.", "the corner of a bathroom with light mint green walls above the tile. "]
["A bathroom with a white toilet sitting next to a  white tub.", "A bathroom with large tiles and an orange towel hanging on the shower.", "a bathroom that has a tub and a toilet", "A bathroom with a sink, toilet, and shower", "A bathroom with a shower, toilet, sink and other accessories"]
["A urinal mounted to a pink wall next to a toilet.", "A bathroom has a toilet and a urinal in it.", "A urinal seperated from a toilet in a bathroom", "A bathroom contains a toilet and urinal divided by a wall.", "A toilet and urinal against a pink tiled wall. "]
["A large empty bathroom with a walk in shower tub.", "A large bathroom that is very well kept", "A bathroom that has two sinks and a shower.", "THE VIEW OF A BATHROOM WITH WASHBASINS AND A LARGE MIRROR.", "A large white bathroom with white cabinets and double sinks"]
["A modern bathroom is designed to be useful.", "A bathroom made with stone walls and counters, and plants.", "A oarge open bathroom with walk in shower and double sink", "A bathroom with two sinks and two mirrors.", "A vase in a bathroom with one white flower in it."]
["A modern bathroom with a spacious tub and shower", "tiled bathroom with tub and rounded vanity containing lots of mirrors", "A bathroom with a vanity, sink, and bathtub.", "A bath tub sitting under a large mirror next to a sink.", "A modern bathroom with a vanity sink and large bath tub."]
["A man's reflection is in a mirror of a bathroom.", "A person taking a picture of a bathroom sink. ", "The man taking the picture is seen in the mirror.", "A person taking a picture in a mirror, in a bathroom.", "A modern looking sink in a nice bathroom"]
["a man is riding a white bike down the street", "A man rides a bicycle on a street past stores.", "A man on a white bike is biking on the street. ", "a man sitting on a bike outside a conveneince store", "A male on his bike that seems shocked."]
["Two people on bicycles riding next to a building.", "Two people on bikes crossing an intersection. ", "A couple of people with backpacks riding bicycles down a road.", "two people riding bicycles and a man walking on the sidewalk", "Some people riding bikes down a wide empty street."]
["A bathroom with a vanity mirror toilette and kitchen sink next to a shower.", "A bathroom with a tan sink and white toliet.", "Bathroom with a sink, toilet, and a shower with towels on it. ", "A bathroom with a picture and red and black vase on the vanity.", "A bathroom is shown with a sink and toilet."]
["A row of wall mounted sinks in a restroom.", "A set of sinks and mirrors in a public restroom.", "Picture of bathroom with four sinks, mirrors, and three open windows above them.", "An empty public bathroom with a row sinks and yellow walls.", "There is a bathroom with four sinks and mirrors"]
["A large bathroom has white walls and cabinets and blue wall tiles and countertops.", "A room with a mirror, sink, cabinets and towels.", "A white sink with blue back splash and counters.", "A white sink is in a bathroom with blue tile. ", "A bathroom with a sink, cabinets and a mirror. "]
["Bicyclists are riding on a trail beside other walkers. ", "A dude on a bike rides quietly across the place", "A road that lines the shoreline with people", "The man was riding the bike in the road", "A biker bikes down the road as people walk on it"]
["Two bikes parked next to each other on a bike rack.", "A white and a black bicycle parked in a concrete bicycle parking station, next to a grass yard area.", "A man and woman's bike parked in a bike rack.", "Two bicycles parked in a bike rack near the grass.", "A couple of bikes that are on the street."]
["A bicycle is parked next to a bench. ", "A bicycle leaning on the back of a bench at the edge of the grass and sand at the beach.", "A bike pared behind a wooden bench on a beach.", "A bicycle leaning next to a bench on the beach.", "A bicycle resting against a bench on a beach."]
["Pink bike sits on a guard rail by the river.", "A pink bicycle leaning against a green railing next to a canal.", "A purple bicycle is parked on a fence next to a river.", "A bike is chained to the post on the sidewalk", "A pink bicycle leaning against a fence near a river."]
["A white sink sitting under a bathroom mirror.", "A well lit bathroom with a walk-in shower.", "A bathroom with sink, toilet and shower stall.", "A bunch of lights that are on over a mirror.", "The bathroom sink counter has drawers beneath it and a mirror above. "]
["A man is shaving while looking in a mirror of a cluttered bathroom.", "A man looking into a mirror shaving in a white tiled bathroom.", "A man is seen shaving his face in the bathroom", "A man in the bathroom shaving his face.", "a man shaving in a bathroom while looking in the mirror"]
["a man is shaving in a mirror in a bathroom", "A man standing in front of a bathroom mirror.", "a reflection of a man getting ready to shave in the bathroom mirror", "a man in front of the mirror shaving in the bathroom", "A man shaving in a large bathroom mirror."]
["A bathroom depicting a vanity, window and a toilet.", "There are items on this bathroom shelf and a window is above the shelf. ", "Massage tools sit on the counter of the clean bathroom.", "A dresser drawer that has toys on top of it.", "A window in a house sitting over a counter top."]
["A full view of a bathroom with the shower and sink. ", "A bathroom with a shower, sink and shelving unit.", "Long bathroom with view of the shower and the sink", "A bathroom has a half circle shower. ", "A small bathroom has a corner shelf not in a corner, a standing sink, and a corner tub."]
["A bathroom that has tools on the floor.", "A bathroom in the process of being built.", "A toilet that is in a bathroom near tools.", "A white toilet sitting next to a  sink in a bathroom.", "a bath room with a toilet and a sink "]
["a parking area for motorcycles and bicycles along a street", "A row of bikes and motorbikes line the street. ", "A crowded city street with a row of bicycles ", "Several rows of bicycles and scooters parked next to a street.", "A lot of bikes and motorcycles lined up near a street. "]
["Mopeds and bicycles parked next to parking meters.", "Two vespas parked next to a light post.", "Two mopeds and two bicycles locked up in a row.", "This is an image of scooters and bicycles.", "Mopeds are parked near bicycles on the sidewalk."]
["there is an air plane that is in the sky ", "A person on a bike and a airplane in the sky.", "An airplane is flying over a bicycle rider.", "a person in a hat riding a bicycle and an airplane in the sky", "People and a bicyclist watching a plane fly overhead."]
["A marble tiled bathroom with double sinks and wooden cabinets", "A bathroom has gold wall and brown counters.", "A bathroom with a small TV screen next to the bathtub.", "A bathroom has a tub and a counter with two sinks.", "A bathroom with tiled floor and bathing area, with a large double sink and mirror. "]
["A bathroom with white fixtures and green flooring", "A bathroom area with toilet, sink and tub.", "A fisheye lens photograph of a residential bathroom", "A sparsely furnished bathroom is dimly lit by the overhead bulb.", "A picture taken with a fish bowl lens"]
["A man sitting eating an apple with his bicycle.", "A man with bike on a passenger train", "a man holding onto a bike while sitting in a train", "A man sitting on a bus with a bike in front of him.", "A man with his bicycle riding a city train or bus."]
["This bathroom has a toilet that sits back in a small niche and a shower with sliding glass doors.", "A toilet is sitting in a home bathroom", "THERE IS A TOILET IN THE BATHROM AND A SHOWER IN THERE ", "A view of a bathroom with a yellow towel sitting on the shower.", "A bathroom with a white toilet and walk in shower"]
["A sink with a toothbrush holder, soap and a mirror around it. ", "A sink of a bathroom with things on the counter ", "A bottle of soap is sitting on a bathroom sink.", "there is a white sink and white counter in this bathroom", "this is a standard white sink in a bathroom"]
["A pink bathroom contains a toilet sink, cabinets, and mirror.", "a bathroom with pink tiles on the wall and wooden cabinets.", "A bathroom has a sink and a toilet.", "A long bathroom with pink tile and counters.", "A clean bathroom with nothing but a bar of soap on the counter top"]
["A white car parked next to a parking meter in front of a parking garage. ", "White four door automobile parked on the street by a meter.", "A white car parked at a meter on a curb side.", "White car parked at curb with parking meter in city setting.", "A car is parked next to a meter."]
["The bath room is clean with brown tile, white sink and large mirror.", "A public bathroom area with orange tile walls.", "A sink sits in a public bathroom with bright orange tile.", "A public restroom with focus on the sink and towel dispenser.", "A bathroom has gold tile and a silver box on the wall."]
["A woman is taking a picture of herself in a bathroom mirror.", "A double sinked bathroom has circular twig wreaths hanging above.", "The two wreaths were each hung above a sink.", "A woman taking a selfie in a bathroom with a digital camera.", "Two wreaths above two sinks in a bathroom"]
["A woman takes a selfie in front of a bathroom mirror.", "Woman taking picture of self in bathroom mirror.", "A women is taking a picture of herself and her bathroom in the bathroom mirror.", "A woman is taking a picture of herself in a bathroom mirror.", "A woman stands in front of the mirror to take a picture."]
["A tiger cat sitting in a bathroom sink next to a tub.", "A cat is sitting in a sink in a bathroom.", "a close up of a catt in a sink", "a little cat sitting in a bathroom sink and looking at the camera ", "Young calico cat hides out inside the sink"]
["A small bird sitting on the handle of a car door.", "A BIRD PERCHED ON THE CAR DOOR HANDLE", "A brown bird resting on the handle of a black car.", "Close up of passenger door of car exterior with dove on handle.", "A pigeon perched on a car door handle."]
["A cat that is sitting on the hood of a car.", "a cat sitting on the hood of a car", "A grey cat sitting on the hood of black car.", "Tabby cat sitting on the hood of a blue car.", "a cat that is parked on a purple car"]
["A person in a costume on the back of a car.", "A person in a bear costume is riding in the back of a red car.", "Large brown teddy bear sitting on the back of a red sports car. ", "a huge teddy bear riding in a red sports car", "A large bear mascot is riding in a red Pontiac."]
["there are many bikes parked outside a pizzeria ", "A blue van is parked next to several motorcycles. ", "A car and some motor bikes parked on the road.", "Several bikes and a car sitting in front of a store front.", "Empty building with mopeds in front, all bearing the same phone number."]
["two trains go side by side down a street", "Cars are traveling next to the parked trains", "A highway filled with lots of traffic and two trains.", "Cars drive by a busy train depot during the day.", "two trains on tracks near a road with cars"]
["Small white toilet with spare rolls of toilet paper beside it. ", "A toilet in a bathroom with some cleaning supplies on and around it. ", "A birds eye view of a clean toilet with the lid up.", "A white toilet inside of a small bathroom.", "A small white toilet sitting in a small bathroom."]
["A few items sit on top of a toilet in a bathroom stall.", "A dirty toilet in a small bathroom.with items on top.", "A toilet seat is left open inside of a bathroom.", "A dirty toilet in a small cramped space.", "A photo of a toilet with items on the tank."]
["A toilet sitting outside a building in an alley.", "A broken toilet sitting outside of a motel room.", "The toilet is set on the sidewalk near a building.", "A toilet sitting outside beside a building. ", "A white toilet on the side of a street by a building."]
["Two people going through belongings from the truck of a car.", "A group of people that are packing up some luggage.", "Two men look at things out of a car trunk.", "A man and woman looking through luggage in a parking lot.", "A pair of people cleaning out the suitcases in their trunk."]
["A small white toilet sitting in a bathroom.", "The toilet in the small stall has the lit up.", "A porcelain toilet in a very small bathroom", "A white toilet surrounded by white tile in a small stall.", "A European toilet with seat up and a cleaning brush on the floor"]
["A white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a tile wall.", "A public restroom stall with large gray tiles.", "a toilet sits in a tiled bathroom ", "Bathroom commode with cleaning brush nearby in small tiled stall.", "A white toilet in a very small room."]
["An odd bathroom with stone walls, and two rolls of toilet paper", "A bathroom with a toilet paper holder on each side of the toilet.", "A toilet facility in a stone cell on a plank floor.", "The receptacle is sitting in the middle of the unusual bathroom.", "A white plastic toilet sitting between two toilet paper rollers."]
["Toilet with soap and cleaners on tile with white walls", "A bathroom toilet with an air freshener, brush and towel dispenser.", "A toilet with its seat open in the bathroom.", "this bathroom is small and has a white toilet", "A clean white toilet that has its lid open."]
["there is a large bucket and a small pot in this bathroom", "A bathroom has supplies in it for cleaning, but it is not clean.", "A bathroom floor with m any buckets and stripped walls", "A bathroom with a toilet, sink and a blue bucket.", "A bucket is sitting on the floor of a bathroom."]
["A small bathroom with a checker board  wall.", "a bathroom with a toilet with tiled walls", "a view of a toilet with the seat open from above", "The toilet space walls are tiled in black and white ", "A black and white checkered bathroom with toilet"]
["a close up of a toilet with tiled walls ", "A white toilet in a stall with a scrubber", "a small white toiler in a public bathroom", "Looking down at a white toilet in a bathroom stall.", "an overhead shot of a toilet in a narrow area"]
["A display of a toilet and sink in a store. ", "Toilet and sink on display in a furniture store", "A toilet with a sink on the back is displayed.", "A store filled with bathroom equipment and accessories.", "a white toilet with a brown lid and a sink behind it"]
["A white toilet in a white tiled bathroom.", "A simple bathroom with a toilet and two rolls of toilet paper. ", "Simple tiled bathroom with yellow door and commode.", "White bathroom with door and white toilet on the wall.", "A tiled restroom has a toilet and toilet paper."]
["There is s toilet scrubber next to the toilet in the stall. ", "A bathroom with a white toilet with a tiled floor and wall. ", "A toilet sits in the stall of a public restroom.", "A white toilet sitting inside of a tiled stall.", "A toilet with its lid raised in a stall."]
["a close up of a toilet in a bath room", "A toilet that is sitting in tile on the wall.", "The bathroom toilet is clean and ready for customers to use. ", "A bathroom toilet with a bowl brush and a dispenser above it.", "a bathroom with one toilet next to a toilet bowl cleaner"]
["Light from an open door shines on a simple wooden pew in a church.", "Light shining onto the pews of a church through an open door.", "A church has pews with the sun shining in on them.", "church doors open and lights peers through on chairs", "Sun shining through to a pew in a church."]
["A foot pushing a flush button in a blue tiled bathroom.", "the person is using there foot to flush the toilet", "A person is using their foot to flush the toilet.", "a foot is flushing a toilet in a blue bathroom", "A person standing next to a metal urinal in a bathroom."]
["The bathroom has a blue trash can on the floor", "a room that has a toilet in the ground", "A bathroom urinal is place on a gray tiled floor.", "A floor urinal with a flushing system in a bathroom.", "A public restroom with a urinal installed in the floor."]
["A cat on a toilet seat of some sort.", "a little cat with a blue collar standing on a toilet ", "A small cat sitting on top of a bowl.", "The cat looks down intently from the toilet.", "A cat perched on a toilet seat looking down at the floor"]
["A small bathroom with a toilet, trash can and toilet brush", "There is a toilet with a toilet brush beside it.", "A white toilet sitting next to a trash can.", "Toilet without a toilet seat in a cement room", "a toilet in a brick bathroom stall with red clay floors "]
["A child is flushing the commode as an adult stands near.", "Older person reaches over while little girl goes to flush toilet", "A small child looking down at the toilet.", "The girl is using the toilet in the bathroom.", "A child and an adult in a room with a toilet."]
["A white toilet in a very small bathroom.", "A picture of a toilet taken from above it.", "A toilet with the lid opened placed beside a shelf.", "A smaller, yet clean toilet, is sitting idly. ", "Toilet with seat lid up in brown tiled bathroom."]
["A dark picture of a toilet with a small roll of toilet paper on the back of the tank.", "A toilet that appears to be dirty and out of toilet paper.", "A red light is glaring over the toilet. ", "This bathroom has a red light on and its toilet lid is up.", "Top down view of a toilet with a scrubbing brush holder."]
["Public toilet with the lid up and a garbage can nearby. ", "A toilet is seen from above with the lid up.", "A white toilet in a bathroom next to a trash can.", "a small public bathroom with the seat up", "A toilet is shown with the lid up."]
["a building with two towers and an air plane in the background", "A jet airliner in flight over a religious structure.", "A plane flying high over a historically built building.", "a view of an old building with a plane flying in the background", "The upper portion of an ornate stone church, with an airplane flying overhead"]
["A man smiling near the seat of a toilet. ", "A young man presenting how a bidet works.", "Young man smiling and displaying a toilet with the seat removed and a water fountain installed on the rim. ", "a person drinking water from a toilet fountain", "omg  a drinking fountain installed on a toilet"]
["a small little bathroom with a toilet in it", "A white toilet in a generic public bathroom stall.", "Modern commode in small all white and tiled water closet.", "a photo of white toilet in a bathroom ", "THIS IS A PHOTO LOOKING DOWN ON A TOILET"]
["the hands of a man crawling out of a toilet", "A toilet with a seat open and some hands on the rim", "a toilet fixed so it looks like hands coming out of it ", "A woman climbing out of a toilet with her hands on the rim of the bowl.", "A gag of the camera person of someone climbing there way out of the toilet."]
["there is a chocolate cake and ice cream on a plate", "Dessert for two is placed on a table.", "a cake and two spoons on a plate", "THERE IS A PLATE WITH SWEET DESSERTS ON THE PLATE ", "Some cakes are on a white plate with spoons."]
["A BRICK TOWER WITH A BIG CLOCK IN THE MIDDLE OF IT.", "A large building with a metal clock on the front.", "A clock is shown on the side of a building.", "A church steeple clock with roman numerals set at 1:00. ", "A clock set onto the face of an old stone building."]
["A white toilet with a black seat in a small bathroom.", "A toilet with a black seat, with a pack of toilet paper on the back.", "A full view of a dirty restroom that needs some cleaning.", "A toilet with a case of toilet paper on top.", "VERY SMALL BATHROOM WITH ONLY A TOILET AND LARGE BUNDLE OF TOILET PAPER"]
["The bathroom in the cabin needs to be remodeled.", "A BATHROOM THAT IS IN SERIOUS NEED OF A REMODEL", "A corner of a rest room with a toilet in it.", "The bathroom has a shower and a toilet. ", "A toilet in a very basic bathroom with an open shower next to it."]
["A clean white toilet in a stall with a chrome toilet brush.", "a white toilet with its lid open in a stall", "A toilet in stall with a changing table over it. ", "A restroom with a white toilet next to a metallic object.", "A white toilet in a public washroom that looks very clean."]
["a plastic toilet in a small bathroom stall", "A toilet that has its seat up and water inside.", "Toilet with the lid up and a device on the wall above it.", "Looking down at an open toilet bowl in a small but clean restroom", "A white toilet sitting inside of a bathroom stall."]
["A seat under a mirror onboard a train, next to a cluttered counter.", "A seat on a train is shown by the trash.", "No one is sitting on that see inside of the train.", "A picture of a gray seat on a train.", "A seat sitting next to a window on a train."]
["A bathroom with tan walls and fake tiled flooring. ", "A beige and white bathroom with white toilet and honey colored hardwood vanity", "A bathroom has two sinks and a toilet in it. ", "The toilet and sinks are separated by a wall.", "The bathroom has a toilet and a double sink."]
["A filthy sink and toilet are seen from above.", "A toilet with a wooden cover, and a dirty sink.", "The sink next to the small toilet is very dirty.", "An extremely dirty sink and toilet in a bathroom", "A toilet has the lid down by a sink."]
["A toilet sitting in a bathroom on top of a tiled floor.", "A NARROW HALLWAY WITH A TOILET IN THE BATHROOM", "A bathroom viewed from far away with a diamond black floor.", "a white and black bathroom a cupboard and a toilet", "a picture of a bathroom and its toilet"]
["The black and white toilet is opened in the narrow bathroom.", "A white toilet with a black seat sitting in a small bathroom.", "A white toilet with a black seat sits next to the shower.", "A porcelain toilet with toilet lid and seat covered in black.", "A clean toilet with black toilet seat and tiled black walls."]
["a silver toilet and some toilet paper and a green switch", "A metal toilet and some tissue in a bathroom.", "A stainless steel toilet in a small bathroom area.", "A bathroom with a metal toilet and a toilet paper dispenser.", "A chrome metal toilet inside a small bathroom stall."]
["A large church tower with a clock mounted on each of it's sides.", "Building steeple with clocks under the top windows.", "BEAUTIFUL CATHEDRAL WITH TALL SPIRE REACHING TO THE SKY", "An old, brown brick building hosts a tower and a clock.", "An old building with a steeple and two clocks is surrounded by gray clouds."]
["A bathroom with white tile and a beige toilet.   ", "A view form the top of a bathroom of a toilet.", "Overhead picture of a toilet in a white stall.", "A photo looking down into a toilet bowl.", "A bathroom stall with white tiled walls and motion sensors."]
["A person riding a motorcycle down a rural country road.", "View from the front of a motorcycle on a road. ", "The handlebars and mirrors of a moving motorcycle. ", "a person riding a motorcycle on a city street", "A motorcycle riders view of going down a country road. "]
["This is a public bathroom with  soap dispensers installed on the wall.", "Three white sinks in a bathroom under mirrors", "Three sinks and a mirror in a public restroom.", "There is a bathroom with sinks and soap dispensers.", "there are many sinks in this public bathroom "]
["The view of a person riding a motorcycle on a paved road.", "A person is traveling down the road on a motorcycle.", "a first person view of a person riding a motorcyle", "We are looking at the front of a motorcycle from the drivers point of view.", "A person riding a motorcycle down a road."]
["Riding a motorcycle down a street that has no one else on it.", "The view from a motorcyclist's point of view, looking down a street.", "A man rides a motorcycle down an empty street next to houses.", "The view of the street from the perspective of the rider of a motorcycle", "A motorcycle moves forward down an empty street."]
["a toilet with no tank attached to the wall", "Top view of a toilet connected to a wall.", "A toilet in a tile room has a strange square opening in the middle.", "The aerial view of a toilet in a bathroom ", "A white toilet in a small restroom with a silver trashcan nearby."]
["A silver motorcycle with many lights parked on the street.", "A flashy motorcycle parked on the side of the street.", "Old style motorcycle with many lights parked on the street.", "A motorcycle with more than the usual number of headlights.", "A black-and-white photo of a motorcycle with many headlights."]
["There is more than one roll of toilet paper for this toilet. ", "Motion sensor hangs on wall above the public toilet", "Looking down at a toilet in a particularly small bathroom.", "a very small bathroom with a toilet with the seat up", "A small toilet in a very small bathroom."]
["A standing toilet sitting inside of a stone and cement room.", "some kind of nasty bathroom that I would never use.", "A  dirty and nasty looking rest room stuck in a corner.", "An old area with a toddler toilet is sitting idly. ", "A crude latrine with a stone sink and toilet seat area. "]
["A baby boy sitting on top of a toilet reading a book.", "A boy with a book sitting on a toilet.", "Young child reads magazine while using his baby toilet", "A baby is sitting on a toilet reading a magazine.", "a small child sitting on a toilet in a bathroom"]
["a green motorcycle parked and resting next to another vehicle inside a parking lot", "A green motorbike is parked on a roadside. ", "A green motor bike is parked next to a white van.", "a motor bike sits parked next to a car ", "A bike is painted like the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles."]
["Man taking a photograph of a black and silver motorcycle. ", "A man is taking a picture up close of a motorcycle.", "A man taking a close up picture of a motorcycle.", "He's getting in close for a tight shot of his chopper", "A person laying next to a motor bike on a street."]
["A cop riding on the back of a motorcycle down a street.", "A police officer driving a motorcycle down a city street.", "A man in yellow vest on street next to traffic light.", "A man riding a motorcycle on the street.", "A motorcycle cop driving along the road between traffic lights.  "]
["A parked motorcycle on the side of the road.", "A parked blue and white motorcycle with a black seat.", "A parked motor cycle with a pack on it", "A blue and white motorcycle with a trunk on the back parked by a curb.", "A motorcycle sitting on the side of the road."]
["A picture of a messy desk with an open laptop.", "a laptop that is sitting on a table with some papers", "A bowl of food is next to a laptop and many scattered papers.", "An open laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.", "A laptop computer sits on a cluttered desk."]
["a street sign with a stop sign below it ", "A stop sign underneath two street signs on a corner.", "Two street signs that are above a stop sign.", "a stop sign and street signs close to some businesses", "A stop sign with two street signs above it."]
["there is a older man sitting and using a lap top", "a man writing on his laptop in a cafe", "An elderly man is using a laptop computer at a desk. ", "a person at a table with a laptop and a luggage bag", "A woman sitting at a desk with his laptop"]
["A row of motorcycles are parked in a parking garage.", "a bunch of motor bikes sit parked next to each other ", "A bunch of motorcycles parked in a parking garage.", "A group of parked motorcycles at a parking lot", "A group of motor scooters sitting in a parking lot."]
["Large wall with an antique finish window and an old clock above it.", "A very tall room has a clock on the wall. ", "a large building with high ceilings and lights", "a clock on a wall with two doors ", "A room with several doors and clock high on the wall."]
["A motorcycle parked next to a few bicycles.", "The Honda motorcycle is parked beside of bikes.", "a mortor cycle parked next to some regular bikes", "a black and white parked motorcycle and some bicycles", "A scooter sitting parked on a sidewalk by a brick building."]
["Four apples sitting in a bowl viewed from above.", "there are fur apples that are in the bowl on the table", "A bowl holds four apples on a wooden table in black and white.", "Four apples sitting in a bowl on a table", "Black and white photograph of a bowl of apples."]
["A laptop computer sitting on top of a computer desk.", "A room with a door open and a computer opened up.", "Small desk with electronic equipment in office type room.", "An office room with a desk holding a computer, laptop and camera tripod.", "An office with a desk and chair with the door open."]
["A table filled with cakes, cupcakes, pies and whip cream.", "A table filled with many cakes and pastries.", "A table that is filled with many kinds of baked goods.", "There are many desserts on this table of different kinds", "A table is full of desserts including cakes, pies, and cupcakes."]
["A desk that has a laptop computer on it.", "A laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.", "The computers are left on the desk in the room. ", "A laptop sitting in front of a monitor, mouse and tripod.", "A desk with a laptop in front of a computer monitor."]
["two gray stove burners and a wooden bowl with four apples", "four green apples in a bowl near a stove", "a bowl of apples on a counter next to a stove.", "A bowl of apples is positioned in a bowl next to gas burners.", "Four green apples in a bowl on a kitchen counter."]
["Cupcakes with white frosting and different colored star frosting decoration on each.", "A surface with many small cup cakes with icing.", "White and pink icing on cupcakes in paper linings", "Some vanilla cupcakes have a little special icing.", "close up of white frosting on a tray of cupcakes"]
["Laptop and desktop computers in use on a cluttered desk.", "A clean and tidy desk area is mostly white and features a computer and a black laptop.", "This tech wizard leaves all options open, equipping his computer area with both a laptop and desktop machine.", "A table top with multiple computers and other office items", "A very neat white computer desk with white desktop computer."]
["A paper bowl filled with cake and a muffin next to a banana.", "A blueberry muffin in a bowl and a banana on the side.", "A banana is next to a bowl with pastries in it.", "Pastries on a plate accompanied with a banana.", "A bowl of muffins on a table with a banana."]
["The sign of a restaurant in the outside of the store.", "A sign on a building advertising an Italian restaurant.", "A sign for an Italian restaurant hangs outside a building.", "Italian Reaffaello restaurant sign at front of building.", "A sign outside of a restaurant for Italian food. "]
["A meal on an airplane of cereal, milk, and fruit.", "A tray covered in food on top of a table.", "An airline lunch tray filled with healthy food.", "a tray with breakfast of orange juice, cereal with milk, a banana and a piece of bread", "Breakfast on the train prepares the worker for the day ahead."]
["A golden stoned elevator has a clock above it. ", "A clock sits high on a wall while below it on the wall features mosaic tiles.", "A clock on the wall of a brick building", " A large entryway with a clock mounted on a wall above it.", "A yellow doorway with a clock above it."]
["A entrance into a building next to a parking meter.", "Entrance to a building with a black canopy. ", "A canopy is over the entrance to a business.", "Parking meter outside the door of a run down club", "A simple store entrance is located discreetly on the side of a building. "]
["A motorcycle is in a parking lot with a helmet on top.", "A motorcycle parked in a parking lot next to trees.", "A motorcycle parked in a parking lot with a helmet on the seat.", "A motorcycle is parked in an empty parking lot.", "A motorcycle with a helmet on it is parked in a parking lot."]
["Blurred image of motorized scooters on a wooded road.", "a blurry photo of a person riding a motorcycle ", "A blurry photo of people riding motorcycles in the woods", "A motorcycle traveling down a dirt path with trees on either side.", "Blurred photo of motorbike giving impression of movement away from viewer."]
["a man sits on a motor cycle next to a gas pump", "a person sitting on a motorcycle near a car ", "Someone on their motorcycle is about to pump gas. ", "A person on a motorcycle is at a gas pump.", "A motorcycle rider pumping gas while still on the bike."]
["A dog is looking out the door to the outside", "Large dog stands at door of home looking out onto deck area.", "The dog with a pink collar is staring out of a glass door.", "A large dog sitting in front of a sliding glass door.", "A dog looks out a glass door overlooking a porch."]
["A person on  skis heading down a snowy slope", "The person is skiing down the snowy mountains.", "A person in black jacket skiing down hill with mountains in background.", "The man is skiing down the snow covered slopes. ", "Skier going down the side of a mountain alone. "]
["a bench in front of a house with bushes", "This bench is located near a door of a house.", "Empty wrought iron bench outside the house on a tile base.", "A bench sitting outside of a brick house.", "a blue bench a house and some bushes"]
["A big screen TV in a fancy looking Hotel room", "A bedroom with a bed dresser and large screen television.", "a bedroom with a bed and a flat screen television ", "A room with a bed and a flat screen television.", "A large screen TV in a small bedroom."]
["A flat screen TV mounted to a wall next to a doorway.", "A bedroom containing a bed, a dresser, a large TV on the wall and 2 four-door cabinets", "A bedroom with double doors has a mounted television.", "A wall mounted television and built in cabinets in a bedroom.", "A bed and a desk in a small room."]
["a laptop computer on a desk and a tv", "Residential room with computer and large television screens.", "A laptop computer screen with a tv in the background.", "A laptop computer displays details of a football game.", "A laptop computer sitting on a desk in a white room."]
["A remote controller hitting a signal on a television.", "A remote control has all black and white buttons except for a yellow \"Light\" button.", "This is a point of view shot from a TV remote with a TV in view in the background.", "Looking down the length of a remote control at a television screen", "A TV remote control and a television, each facing each other."]
["A man sitting on a couch in a hotel room that also has a bed and desk.", "Man sitting in an efficiency or dorm room with different color paper birds on the walls.", "A bedroom and couch with paper mache hanging on the wall.", "A man sitting on a couch in a bedroom.", "someones room with a purple bed and paper everywhere "]
["People are lying down watching television with their socks on.", "Two people with their feet up with white socks watching TV.", "People feet resting on a table as they watch tv", "2 people are kicking back while watching the Tv. ", "Two people watch TV on a couch with their legs propped up."]
["The top of the computer desk is very shiny.", "a desk is shown with a computer and mouse on it ", "The computer is turned off and the desk is clean and organized. ", "A desktop computer on top of a wooden desk.", "plant sitting on computer desk near a bright window"]
["A large white airplane sits on the runway.", "A passenger jet that has been docked to the terminal.", "A jet sitting on an airfield awaiting taxi to the runway.", "A white and blue jet airliner docked at an airport.", "A large airplane parked on a runway at night."]
["A black and white plane flying in a blue sky.", "Plane flying high in a clear blue sky.", "a plane flying  high in a blue sky.", "An airplane flying in the sky during the day.", "A plane flying on a clear blue sky"]
["A large jetliner sitting on top of an airport tarmac.", "The Air France airplane is stopped just past the jetways.", "An airplane is parked at the airport near the terminal.", "an airplane parked on a runway next to a building ", "An \"Air France\" airplane that has landed in an airport. "]
["a large passenger sitting next to a loading doc at an airport.", "large commercial plane ready to load passengers onto the plane", "an air plane at an air port run way", "The airplane is on the runway at the airport. ", "This airplane is parked at a terminal entrance."]
["A jet airplane flying above the clouds in the distance.", "A plane flying in the sky above some very thick clouds.", "A plane in the distance flying over some clouds.", "An airplane in the sky above the clouds. ", "The airplane is flying high above many clouds."]
["A plane flying in the sky during the day.", "A large jetliner flying through a blue sky.", "The sun is shining down on a passing airplane.", "there is a very large and long plane flying in the air", "An aeroplane soaring in the sky with a halo of light around it."]
["Two jets fly overhead while the crowds look", "Two military aircraft make a steep turn while releasing colored smoke.", "Two fighter jets are performing an aerial acrobatic routine in front of a crowd of people.", "Two jets trailing smoke make a tight turn above a crowd of spectators. ", "a couple of airplanes that are flying through the sky"]
["Large airplane flying below the clouds from underneath", "A plane that is flying in the air.", "A sky view looking up at the underside of an airplane.", "A large plane with propellers high up in the sky.", "An aircraft is flying high in the blue cloudy sky."]
["A giraffe standing near trees most with green leaves and one dead. ", "THERE IS A GIRAFEE THAT IS WALKING IN THE WOODS ", "a giraffe walks through a bunch of bus ", "a giraffe standing amongst trees and bushes in a field", "A giraffe is standing by a couple of trees"]
["Two giraffe standing next to each other in a forest.", "Giraffes need their long necks to get to the tender leaves up high.", "Two giraffes are standing in the middle of some vegetation.", "Two giraffes are partially hidden in brush and sticking their necks out.", "Two giraffes in a wild, lightly wooded field."]
["there is a large sign that says a street name on it", "A close shot of a sign that says \"Church Avenue\". ", "A church sign is standing on a lawn.", "A street sign is seen in front of a bench and some flowers.", "A sign that says Church Avenue in front of a field."]
["A picture of a busy road at night ", "City street at night with bright lights shining.", "A bunch of different vehicles that have their lights on.", "very many lights from the many vehicles on the road", "A view of the city is very colorful."]
["A statue standing over a traffic light next to a giant spider.", "a large sculpture above traffic lights in a busy street", "a street light with a statue of a man on top", "A digital clock is posted on the traffic signal pole of the street.", "A street with a statue in the middle of a man holding two lights."]
["Two giraffe standing next to each other at a zoo.", "Two giraffes, one is closer and larger then the other, appearing to be curious about the photographer. ", "Two giraffes standing in a fenced in area", "Two giraffes are looking at the camera in a zoo.", "Two giraffes look interested from their enclosure surrounded by trees."]
["A family of giraffes stand together beside a wood fence.", "a small group of giraffes standing around a tree and eating some leaves ", "A group of giraffes all trying to eat off the same branch. ", "Giraffes eating from the foliage on the fence", "A few giraffes standing around in a fenced in area beside a tree."]
["A city street at night filled with lots of traffic.", "A view of a street, with blurry cars passing by at night.", "An open-shutter picture of cars going up and down a city street at night.", "A street at night with lines of light from the streetlights", "A city street with several bright lights on poles."]
["A four engine Air Algerie prop plane with landing gear out", "A large airplane flying through a cloudy sky.", "The huge jumbo jet has two engines on each wing as it flies.", "A plane while in flight in the air. ", "An Air Algerie plane in the air on a partly cloudy day"]
["group of giraffes mingling in a stand of trees\n", "Giraffes and zebras cooling off in a thicket.", "Many giraffe stand under a tree near a few zebra.", "two groups of giraffes four in each and a few zebras in the brush", "A bunch of giraffes are hanging out near the trees"]
["Giraffes and zebras graze in a field with trees. ", "A group of giraffe hiding among some trees.", "a few giraffes that are standing out in a field under a tree", "Five giraffes and two zebras standing in a grassy field.", "A medium size herd of giraffes and zebras hiding in a small grove of trees."]
["A giraffe and zebras mingle as cars drive out of an animal park.", "a giraffe standing in the middle of some zebras ", "this is a giraffe and some zebras being watched", "A group of animals walking in the grass next to a road.", "A giraffe and several zebra in a grassy area in a drive through zoo."]
["A tall giraffe standing on a rock on top of a hillside.", "A giraffe walking through the trees, brush and large boulders.  ", "One giraffe standing atop some rocks in an outdoor area.", "A giraffe standing in a pasture with a large rock in front of him.", "a giraffe on a rocky outcrop facing the camera"]
["A young girl sitting on a park bench.", "a girl sitting on a bench on a street", "THERE IS A GIRL THAT IS SITTING ON THE BENCH ", "A young girl sitting on a bench holding a toothbrush", "a child sitting on a bench with ducks near by"]
["A small red plane sitting on top of an airport tarmac.", "Person examining red plane out on the runway", "A small red plane sitting in a open field.", "A light propeller aircraft is prepared for flight on a rural runway", "A large, red air plane, is parked with a man standing near. "]
["A red small engine plane in motion on a field.", "A red private airplane is about to take off.", "A plane with it's propellers whirling that is sitting in a field.", "a red plane with the propellors working on it ", "a small red passenger airplane preparing for takeoff."]
["A baby giraffe being licked by a big giraffe.", "A mother giraffe licking her child while in nature.", "A big giraffe licking a smaller giraffe's nose. ", "A mother giraffe is licking the baby giraffe.", "Two giraffe standing next to each other on a grass field."]
["A group of planes flying in sequence in the sky.", "Several propeller airplanes fly in unison in a cloudy sky.", "A formation of airplanes flying through a cloudy sky.", "Seven airplanes are flying in a formation under clouds.", "A group of older propeller planes flying in formation."]
["seven airplanes all decorated the same flying in unison ", "A formation of airplanes flying in a gray sky.", "Several airplanes flying in formation against a blue sky.", "Several planes fly through the sky, close together", "Seven military planes flying together while high in the sky."]
["A airliner pulled up to the gate for loading and unloading of passengers.", "An airplane parked on the tarmac at an airport ", "An airplane is on the pavement at the airport.", "An airplane ready to have passengers board it. ", "A plane is sitting on the ground while someone is either fixing it or checking it out."]
["A red traffic with a mirror hanging off the side of it.", "A mirror is hanging next to a traffic light", "A traffic light that has a mirror on it.", "The mirror is beside a red traffic signal.", "A mirror and a traffic light on a pole."]
["Older model stop light on a street corner in a tropical city.", "Filtered photo taken of a traffic light on a curb.", "A street light with a red arrow pointing left.", "A street stop light indicating a red arrow.", "A tagged traffic light displays a red arrow."]
["a black kitty laying on a bench licking its paw", "A cat laying on its side on a wooden bench.", "a cat on a bench near a wooden wall", "A cat that is laying on a wooden bench.", "The cat lying on a bench licks it's paws. "]
["A cat laying on top of a wooden bench.", "A black cat laying on a wooden bench.", "A black cat laying on a wood bench in the sun. ", "A cat sitting on a wooden bench in the sun.", "A BLACK CAT LAYING ON A WOOD BENCH "]
["A black cat sleeping in the sun on a bench", "A cat sleeping on a bench in the sun.", "A cat takes a nap on a bench in the sun.", "A black cat is curled up on a wood bench.", "A black cat is laying out in the sun."]
["A couple of giraffe standing next to each other.", "Two giraffes are up next to a tree.", " two large giraffes outside and one is trying to grab something", "Two tall giraffes stand next to each other while one examines the top of a tree.", "Two giraffes appear to be searching for food from a tree."]
["A dog is sitting near a bench alone.", "A lonely leashed dog sits beside a bench.", "Black and white photograph of a dog next to a park bench.", "A stylized photo of a dog tethered to a public bench.", "A dog is tied to a bench and is sitting on concrete near a bicycle rack."]
["A busy airport with planes parked  on the runway", "An airplane on a tarmac has several workers near it in safety vests.", "Two passenger jets are on the tarmac by the airport.", "There are several airplanes parked on the tarmac.", "Some planes sitting on a tarmac of an airport"]
["a giraffe leaning over so it can drink some water ", "The giraffe drinks from water near an antelope and another giraffe.", "two giraffe standing next to some water in a dry are", "Giraffes and other wildlife congregate beside a drinking hole.", "The two giraffes are by the watering hole together."]
["A group of buses parked in front of a tall building.", "A street view of a building and several buses.", "Some buses are pulling up to the bus stop.", "Several busses in front of a curbed building", "Large buses parked in front of rounded building. "]
["A man on a bench working on a laptop.", "A man in black clothes and a plaid cap sits on a bench and types on a laptop.", "A man sitting on a wooden bench with his laptop.", "The man is sitting on the bench typing on his laptop", "a man that is sitting on a park bench"]
["a man waiting for a bus at a stop on a corner", "A man standing and preparing for the oncoming bus to pick him up.", "A man standing and waiting for a red bus to pick him up.", "A guy by a big wet street with some traffic.", "A man stands on the side of a wet road with a bus in the background."]
["A road filled with snow and traffic lights.", "A line of red traffic lights and the cars at them.", "A street filled with traffic stopped at a traffic light.", "There are many electronic stop lights on the busy street.", "City scene of cars at sunset going past stoplights."]
["People sitting on a bench on a town's sidewalk.", "A group of people who are sitting on a bench.", "Group of people sitting on a park bench along the side of a road. ", "a couple of people sits on a wooden bench ", "A group of women sitting on top of a bench."]
["there are many bags and luggages on the floor", "A woman standing around with several pieces of luggage on the floor", "Two female travelers wait among piles of luggage.", "Two women are in the waiting area with many bags of luggage.", "People standing near luggage placed on the floor."]
["Man sit on a icy bench with skis on his feet.", "A skier is getting equipped and ready to perform.", "A man laying on his back wearing a blue pair of skis.", "A guy wearing skies throws his legs up as he rides the lift up the hill. ", "a man is holding his skis up while on a bench"]
["Two giraffes standing outdoors near a brick building.", "two giraffes are walking around a dirt yard", "Two giraffes standing in a dirt lot next to a building.", "A pair giraffes standing still in a courtyard", "Two giraffes stand in the yard of their zoo enclosure"]
["A large mirror reflecting a bus driving down a street.", "you can see there is another bus in this side view mirror", "THERE IS A BUS IN THE MIRROR REFLECTION THAT IS PARKED ON THE STREET ", "The view from a mirror, of a bus parked at the side of a road.", "a very big bus moving on the road"]
["A busy city street with dimly lit trees at night.", "A time lapsed photo of vehicle traffic at night.", "A picture of cars parked on the side of a street.", "Gorgeous night scene with streaming lights leading to a clock tower.", "A city street at night with a tall tower at the end of a road."]
["A man sitting on a bench next to a slug.", "A man sitting on a bench next to a brown, animated creature.", "A man and a stuffed animal are sitting next to each other on a bench.", "A man poses on a bench next to a statue of a giant ant. ", "A man sitting on a bench with hands touching his face with a stuffed animal sitting on his side."]
["A traffic light under a cloudy blue sky.", "A traffic light is green near a one way sign.", "a yellow traffic light a one way sign and some clouds", "A stop light on a pole on a clear day", "A traffic light with a crosswalk sign and a one way sign on it."]
["A gray day at a park with a stone bench.", "A sidewalk sitting near a green next to a body of water.", "A tree that is sitting in the grass.", "A stone bench next to a lake and walking path.", "A scenic view in a park with a sidewalk, trees and a body of water."]
["there is a service truck that is behind a bus", "A rescue truck is parked behind a bus with it's doors open on the city street.", "Two vehicles are parked along a city street.", "A white van with it's side and rear doors open is parked behind a red bus. ", "A red bus next to a white van on a street."]
["A single giraffe that is walking in a field. ", "Lone giraffe walking through dry grass and low brush.", "A giraffe making its way up a hill.", "A tall giraffe standing in a field filled with green grass.", "A giraffe peers its head above the vegetation."]
["A traffic light outside of a building next to a street.", "A group of three traffic signals on a pole.", "Three traffic lights, one red, one yellow, and one green. ", "Two traffic lights on a pole, one yellow and one green.", "A freestanding traffic light on a street corner changes colors. "]
["A bench with two wooden statues sitting behind it.", "a wooden bench in front of a railing.", "A wooden bench is held up by two carved wooden figures.", "A park bench with some wooden figures holding it up.", "Three wood carvings of humans hold up a bench"]
["Two giraffe standing next to a tree covered hillside.", "A couple of large giraffe standing in the bushes.", "Two giraffes are in a field near mountains ", "Two giraffes that are walking together in a field.", "The two giraffes are roaming the grasslands together."]
["Two giraffe standing next to each other in a field.", "Two giraffes are climbing a hill with mountains in the background.  ", "Two giraffes standing in a brush covered area.", "Two giraffe are standing near each other in tall brush.", "two giraffes sitting in the grass next to each other"]
["A traffic light glows red on a cloudy day", "The light at an intersection is red on a dreary day.", "A street with traffic lights above and various buildings.", "Three red traffic lights suspended above an intersection by a cable.", "The lights at an intersection are all red. "]
["A street with busses and cars next to a bus stop.", "Two photographs: dark one of a village and a bustling city street", "A bus coming up the road to stop at a bus stop.", "A double decker bus is approaching a bus stop.", "A picture of some people near a building next to a picture of some vehicles on a road."]
["A traffic light and many cars on a road.", "Ground level view of wide street intersection with line of waiting cars.", "A busy intersection where several vehicles wait at a traffic light", "a busy street with a green stoplight arrow.", "A traffic sign and a hydrant in the middle of a city."]
["a man sitting on a bench in a slightly flooded area ", "A bench is surrounded by water as a man sits on it.", "A man on park bench in flooded area next to harbor.", "a bench on a flooded surface near a tree", "A ban sitting on a bench during a flood."]
["A lake is flooded over its banks several inches and people are sitting on benches.", "Two park benches sitting in a flooded marina.", "People sit on benches that have water on the ground.", "People sit on a bench surrounded by water .", "People sit on benches in a flooded plain beside a marina."]
["A giraffe standing in a lush green field with lots of plants.", "A giraffe on  a large plain with herd animals in the background.", "A giraffe in a grassy field full of animals.", "The giraffe and other animals stand on the plain.", "A giraffe and other animals enjoying the sun outside. "]
["Two rows of red double decker buses on a green lawn", "rows of red double decker buses sitting on a field", "A fleet of many red double decker buses parked on a field.", "Two long rows of double-decker buses parked on the grass.", "Red double decker buses are parked in straight lines on a grassy field."]
["An empty park bench next to a small lake.", "A park bench sits empty, with water in the foreground.", "An empty bench facing a pond in a park.", "An empty park bench nestled between the trees and a body of water.", "A bench sitting on a grassy area near a pond."]
["two benches, a small statue and some street signs stand between a street curb and the brick facade of a large building. ", "A corner has a fire hydrant statue in front of the building.", "A blue street sign with the words Merton st. is next to a white piece of artwork.", "A white sculpture on a sidewalk in front of a building.", "A street corner with a brick building and a white sculpture."]
["A herd of sheep grazing on a pile of hay in a field.", "A flock of sheep are circled around some hay.", "Many sheep are eating hay in an open field. ", "A flock of sheep in a circle eating hay.", "A small flock of woolly sheep are shown eating a pile of hay."]
["Some sheep are next to a hay pile.", "There are four sheep eating the hay together. ", "Some black and white sheep are eating hay from a pile.", "A herd of sheep standing in the hay.", "Four lambs on a farm enjoy eating their hay."]
["An old fire hydrant in the middle of the woods.", "A fire hydrant in the woods among damaged trees and logs. ", "a fire hydrant attached to part of a wooden fence ", "A worn and rusted fire hydrant near a wooden fence.", "A rusty fire hydrant in an overgrown plot of land."]
["A green pasture with lots of animals in the foreground and mountains in the back.", "a bunch of sheep in a field eating", "A flock of sheep in a large field", "A large fenced field holds a large flock of sheep in a meadow area surrounded by small hills.", "There is a large flock of sheep in the field."]
["the fire hydrant is behind a rock  and flowers", "A picture of a fire hydrant surrounded by plants and rocks. ", "A fire hydrant is covered by rocks and foliage", "A fire hydrant and some bushes with flowers.", "A fire hydrant surrounded by rocks and a bush."]
["A fire hydrant sitting on the side of a street.", "a photo of a tree with a car parked under it ", "A fire hydrant in front of a blossoming tree on the side of the road", "an image of outdoor scene with fire hydrant", "A yellow fire hydrant is next to a tree."]
["A close up of a fire hydrant, near a house.", "A fire hydrant is standing in the middle of a road.", "A white fire hydrant posed by the side of a business building.", "A fireplug outside of pink house with a white fence.", "A fire hydrant that is painted white stands in front of a pink house."]
["there is a large concrete sign small buildings behind it", "A sign to a big place that's next to a fire hydrant. ", "A sign at the entrance of an establishment with cactus plants by it.", "desert plants and yellow fire hydrant in front of a monument", "A yellow fire hydrant with a small guard bar around it."]
["A giraffe eating food from a very large rock.", "A baby giraffe has its nose against a large rock.", "A giraffe drinks from a puddle on top of a boulder in its enclosure. ", "A giraffe examines a rock in its enclosure.", "A small giraffe sticks its nose on top of a large rock. "]
["A fire hydrant that has been painted many colors in a tropical area.", "A green, blue, and red fire extinguisher beside a road.", "a colorful fire hydrant sits in the bushes", "A red and blue fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.", "The colorful fire hydrant is sitting in the garden."]
["a man sitting on a green bench in a park", "there is a man sitting on a green bench", "a man with glasses sits on a park bench", "A man is sitting on a green bench in a park.", "An overexposed photograph of a man sitting on a park bench"]
["There is a red fire hydrant partially covered in ash.", "a small hydrant placed on a construction site ", "A fire hydrant sunken in to mud amid trash", "A fire hydrant near a concrete barricade with trash around it.", "A very cute little red fire hydrant by a big wall."]
["A herd of animals laying down in a lush green field.", "THERE ARE ANIMALS IN THE GRASS LYING AROUND", "a group of animals laying around in the grass ", "some black animals are laying in the grass", "Multiple animals grazing in a field of very tall grass."]
["A small lamb with a blue rope tied around its head. ", " black sheep in their stable and one its head tired", "A sheep with a blue rope tied around his head standing next to another sheep in a red cage filled with hay. ", "Some black and brown sheep are in caged pens.", "A GROUP OF SHEEP WITH MOST OF THEM IN INDIVIDUAL CAGES "]
["A flock of birds flying over a beach near the ocean.", "A large number of seagulls flying and standing on the beach", "A beach with many seagulls on the ground and many more flying over them.", "a flock of seagulls are standing on the beach", "A crowded beach with birds landing and flying"]
["Two giraffe and a zebra standing in a enclosure.", "The two giraffes are standing together, while the zebra is by itself. ", "Two giraffes walking next to a zebra outside.", "Giraffes and zebras sharing accommodations at a zoo", "There are two giraffes and a zebra walking around the dirt path."]
["three people running on a beach with waves and lots of birds in the background.", "Three people run by the ocean while birds fly overhead.", "hundreds of sea gulls flying around this family", "The family running on the beach with many birds", "People are jogging on the beach as a huge flock of birds fly over the ocean. "]
["The hitchhiker is waiting for the next available ride.", "Man sitting on a bench with a back pack and his bedroll.", "A man sitting on a park bench with blanket and bag beside him.", "a man sitting on a bench next to a fire hydrant", "The man is sitting on a bench beside a red fire hydrant with his blanket and bag. ", "Man with sleeping bag and backpack sitting on bench near fire hydrant."]
["A boat sitting next to a beach in the ocean covered with birds.", "A small wooden boat with birds using it as a perch", "Birds on a dirty boat near the shore", "Birds are standing on an old boat that is tied to the shore.", "An old canoe stranded on the coast of a beach."]
["A man with a wrench turning off a fire hydrant.", "A city worker has a hose attached to a fire hydrant as he turns a lever", "A man is bent over a yellow fire hydrant.", "A man is hooking up an Orange hydrant", "An attendant has attached a hose to a fire hydrant."]
["A flock of birds walking along a beach near water.", "Several birds walk across the shore as the sun sets.", "some birds with long necks standing in the water ", "Four birds walking behind each other in the water and a boat out to sea.", "There are cranes in the water and a boat in the distance. "]
["A large red bus on the side of a city street.", "A red bus is next to a curb and trash bag.", "A large red and white bus is sitting on the side of the road by a tree. ", "A bus stopped on the of road with a big white bag next to it.", "A red and white bus is waiting with its door open by the sidewalk."]
["a hydrant placed besides a road in the street", "A red fire hydrant next to a street across the street from a building. ", "A fire hydrant sitting on the side of the road. ", "A red fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.", "A fire hydrant on the side of the street."]
["An elephant with a man and three children on its back drinking water in the jungle.", "A man riding on and elephants neck and guiding it while children ride on a seat behind him.", "a group of people ride atop of an elephant ", "A guide and three people riding an elephant.", "A few people riding on an elephants back."]
["A white bird sitting on top of a wooden post.", "A white parrots sits on his perch near palm trees.", "A large white tropical bird perched on a palm tree", "A White Cockatoo stands on a branch with some palm trees in the background", "a white and black bird some plants and clouds"]
["A white parrot standing next to a jungle covered hillside.", "Up close shot of a some type of beautifully white tropical bird", "A white bird is standing in front of plants.", "a white bird with a black beak  and some trees and bushes", "A pure white parrot with red eyes and a black beak."]
["A view of someone in the sky parachuting to the ground.", "close up of a paper with type on it and a blue sky", "there is a kite that is being flown high in the sky", "A bird is just barely visible in the sky around a red umbrella. ", "A man is floating with a parachute high in the sky"]
["The people are eating outside of the restaurant.", "A large group of people sit at a table outside.", "A bunch of folks gathered at some ding tables out side.", "A group of people sitting around a table together.", "People gathered outside sitting around tables in front of a building."]
["a bird standing on some rocks near the ocean", "A seagull is standing in the sand on a beach.", "A bird standing on the sand at the beach. ", "A bird standing in the sand watches the water.", "A bird standing on the sand near a body of water."]
["A small bird sitting on a beach next to the ocean.", "The gull enjoys a moment of peacefulness on the beach", "an image of a bird that is headed to the water", "A small bird at the beach near ocean waters", "A close up of a seagull standing on the beach with the ocean in the background."]
["A white bus driving past a hillside covered with trees.", "A bus sits parked outside of a building with desert landscaping.", "The city bus is driving next to a cactus.", "A train on a track in front of some rocks, trees and buildings.", "a bus going past an old building surrounded by plants "]
["A sheep eats grass alone by a lake", "A sheep grazing in a field above a pond.", "A white sheep grazing in the grass on a hill.", "A sheep eating grass on a grassy hillside next to a large body of water.", "A sheep is grazing in a grassy area above a body of water."]
["A car driving through a tunnel under buildings", "Car passing through a very small tunnel in a city street. ", "A car driving through a tunnel between two buildings.", "A tunnel in the middle of a street with a car about to go down it", "A car is driving through a tunnel in a city street."]
["A couple of small birds sitting on a metal rail.", "A couple of birds sitting on the back of an iron bench.", "Two birds perch beside each other on a metal bench.", "Two birds sitting on the back of a metal bench", "two small birds on a bench with a blurry background"]
["A street sign standing on a corner in front of a building.", "A street sign outside of a building with a store front", "A set of street signs in front of a store on the corner of a busy street.", "Traffic signs are abundant on a pole by a building.", "A variety of signs on a street corner by a brick building."]
["A grop of pigeons in front of an open window", "Three pigeons lined up on a roof below a window.", "a big window that has some birds out front", "A flock of black pigeons sitting on a buildings ledge.", "Three birds sitting underneath a window, that is open."]
["A stop sign with a sign above it that reads, \"David\". ", "a close up ofa stop sin with trees in the background ", "A street sign and stop sign on the same pole at and intersection.", "Stop sign in urban intersection with trees lining sides.", "A stop sign and street signs on a road."]
["Three birds eat from a hanging bird feeder.", "Several cute little birds hanging on a bird feeder.", "A hanging bird feeder with several birds eating.", "A group of birds hanging off the side of a feeder.", "Three birds perched on a cylindrical bird feeder."]
["A crowded city filled with lots of people and traffic.", "A horse and carriage ride down a rainy city street.", "an image of a night scene walking in rain", "Sepia photograph of horse drawn carriage in a street.", "A horse drawn carriage is traveling a city street on a rainy night."]
["A chalk sign is placed outside on a wall advertising a restaurant. ", "A sign in front of a building welcoming customers.", "A chalk board sign reading \"feeling hungry come on in.\"", "a chalkboard with an a drawing on it outside a restaurant ", "A black board has some white writing on it."]
["A man is dressed in all black has on a black hat and glasses", "A man wearing glasses dressed in all black on a sidewalk.", "A man in all black standing and staring. ", "A guy in a black outfit stands at a crosswalk looking to his left. ", "A man stands in the street near some bushes. "]
["A street sign slightly knocked over next to a rural road.", "A deer crossing sign by a road is crooked.", "A street sign showing a deer crossing for miles", "A road sign warning of deer crossings on a country road.", "This is an image of a dear crossing sign which is bent."]
["Street signage on post near roadway in city environment.", "a no skate boarders sign on the side of the road ", "No skateboarding, littering, and parking street signs ", "A city street with signs stating \"no parking\" and \"no skateboards.\"", "A No Parking, No Skateboards and No Littering sign on a street side."]
["a couple of giraffes eating out of a basket", "A couple of giraffe standing next to a pole.", "Two giraffes that are eating some hay out of a basket.", "The giraffe is eating from his feeding bowl.", "A couple of giraffes eating hay from a trough."]
["Four giraffes standing behind a short wall with trees behind them. ", "There are several giraffes standing near some trees.", "Giraffes and their young stand by a wall in their zoo enclosure", "A group of giraffe standing by a tree.", "Four giraffes that are standing near each other."]
["The stop light found at a Hocken avenue intersection.", "The intersection has two red lights, a red arrow and a green street sign.", "Traffic signals on post above roadway in urban area.", "A sign that is in between two stoplights.", "a couple of red stop lights are over a street"]
["Two giraffes are standing together under the trees.", "Two giraffes stand next to each other while a person looks on.", "A couple of giraffe standing next to each other in a forest.", "There is a human head in between the two Giraffes.", "Two giraffes looking at a woman very intensively."]
["A man in an orange outfit is directing traffic to drive slowly.", "A man stands with a slow sign is shown on the corner.", "A construction worker holding a slow sign standing in the middle of the road.", "a man in orange safety clothing holding a slow sign on the side of a street", "A worker holds a slow sign on the side of the road."]
["Street sign at the corner of SW 6th and Spencer", "Two street signs sitting atop of a stop sign", "A sign indicates the corner of 6th St and Spencer Ave", "A stop sign topped with green street signs.", "Street sign at the corner of Spencer and 6th Street."]
["Two giraffe standing on a dirt road next to a jungle", "Group of giraffes leaning forward to eat out of a feeding area. ", "Two giraffes investigating something inside of an enclosure.", "Two giraffes are positioned on both sides of a much larger animal who is taking the lead.", "Two giraffes foraging for food along the wall"]
["a flock of geese are walking in a parking lot", "A group of geese are walking down the parking lot. ", "Swans gather in the middle of a parking lot. ", "A flock of ducks walking across a parking lot.", "Geese walking in a parking lot with parked cars."]
["A lane closed traffic sign sitting next to a no right turn sign.", "A group of street signs on a road.", "Several road signs are pictured in the dark.", "a group of signs sitting together in the dark", "Road signs and orange barrels lit up at night."]
["an red and white fire truck and a red truck and buildings", "Teddy bear sitting on the front of a fire truck with a hat on.", "A small teddy bear sitting on a fire truck.", "A teddy bear sits on the front of a firetruck. ", "A teddy bear sits on the front bumper of a truck."]
["a close up of a small bird on a tree branch", "A small blue bird sitting on a thin branch.", "A black and blue colored bird sitting in an exotic tree. ", "A blue bird is sitting on a branch of a tree.", "A bird that is sitting on the branch of a tree."]
["a big boat is going down a small river", "Two people in a boat on the water.", "A white pontoon-type boat is in the water with people in it.", "A white yacht going down a river. ", "A white boat sailing down a river while people in the background walk down a sidewalk."]
["A pair of fancy chickens among the daffodils.", "A chicken standing next to two other chickens.", "Some chickens stand next to a bunch of yellow flowers.", "Two chickens look at the camera over another chicken.", "Chickens play next to the pretty yellow flowers "]
["a man is standing in the woods wearing a hat and glasses", "A man in sunglasses wears a grass tie and hat.", "A man wearing a woven crown and tie.", "a man in a blue shirt with some weird crown", "a man that is standing around in a hate"]
["A laptop computer on a table in the passenger cabin of an airplane.", "A laptop computer on a table and chair", "A laptop computer that is on a table.", "a powered on laptop sitting on a desk in front of two chairs", "A laptop computer on a table in an airplane or train compartment."]
["The two white birds are flying in the clear sky.", "Two white birds flying over a beach under a blue sky.", "Two seagulls are flying through the blue sky.", "Two birds flying in the air together by the ocean.", "two black and white seagulls flying and some water"]
["Two children looking at a steam train engine", "A boy and his younger sister looking at a steam engine", "Two young children observing a train on display.", "Two children look at an old, black steam engine.", "A steam train at a park being watch by two kids. "]
["A pretty bird is sitting on a tree branch.", "A bird that is in the branches of trees.", "A black and white bird on a branch in tree.", "A black and white bird perched on a branch.", "Little bird looking out from the tree it's standing in"]
["A sleeping area of a train car with a seat belt buckle.", "A seatbelt hanging of a compartment  labelled number 31", "A hospital bed is seen from a floor's eye view.", "A berth in a train showing the number 31. ", "The side of a two train beds with black curtains."]
["A bird sitting on a branch of plants.", "A bird perched on top of a tree with lots of red flowers.", "A small tan and striped bird is sits on the branch of a red flowering bush. ", "A small brown bird sits on a green and red plant.", "A bird sits on a bush with red flowers."]
["A mirror that is on a tiled wall.", "An upclose photo of a security mirror and a reflection of someone talking a photo in the mirror. ", "a door in the reflection of a mirror ", "A mirror shows a reflection of a bathroom.", "A subway station is seen through the reflection of a mirror."]
["A large convex mirror mounted to a brick wall.", "A round mirror is on a wall with a reflection in it.", "a mirror on the wall showing a reflection of train and a wall", "A round mirror for seeing around corners is attached to the shiny tiles of the wall.", "A reflective mirror at the junction of two hallways."]
["A man standing in front of a mirror with a light around them.", "A man taking a picture of himself between two mirrors that are repeating his image.  ", "A dude is standing looking in a mirror", "A man is taking a mirror image of himself. ", "A person in a mirror in a room."]
["A small boy leaning up against a window on a train", "A child is in the window of a silver bus.", "A child and two adults watching out the window of a train.", "A boy next to some other people is looking out the window of a bus or train.", "A boy is looking outside a window on a train."]
["A black train car with a group of men standing on the back of it.", "People are standing and looking out of the caboose of a train.", "A group of people standing on the caboose of a traveling train.", "A trolley rolling down the tracks in a forest.", "People riding on the caboose of a train with a mountain in the background."]
["Empty restaurant dinning room set for dinner guests.", "A virtual dinning with with tables chairs and plates.", "A screenshot of tables rendered from a video game. ", "The digital dining car of a digital train.", "A dining room is set up with white tablecloths."]
["A blue and white street sign next to a white building.", "A large sign on the side of the street.", "A road sign with both English and Arabic directions.", "A sports utility vehicle parked by a sign giving direction.", "An information sign written in Pasto and English, probably in Afghanistan or Pakistan. "]
["A black bird sitting in grass by water", "A black bird sitting on top of  a lush green hillside.", "A crow sitting on the ground near a lake.", "A black bird sitting on a cliff side overlooking some water.", "A single bird that sits on a mossy and rocky outcrop."]
["The would is dressed up wearing a hat and tie. ", "Woman in a hat and tie posing for a picture. ", "A woman wearing a tie and a hat.", "A woman wearing a neck tie and a hat.", "A woman dressed in a hat, tie, jeans and cut off gloves."]
["A large train is coming down the track between a beautiful mountain.", "Dusty train passing through a dry mountain valley.", "A train traveling between two very large rocky mountains.", "A train exiting a tunnel goes in between two cliffs.", "An old train moving in a valley with rocks on both sides"]
["A train pulling into a train station next to a platform.", "A red commuter train pulling into a station.", "A commuter train arriving at an out door station", "A train pulling into a train station platform.", "A red train is on some tracks near an awning and a cement area."]
["Some smiling happy skiers riding on a lift.", "Three people in ski gear are posing for the camera. ", "three skiers taking a sky lift up the mountain.", "there are three people riding a trolly up a snow mountain", "Three people in ski gear are riding in the ski lift.  "]
["A green street sign mounted to a metal pole", "The street sign is in clear view for everyone to see. ", "A green street sign with white letters that read Marginal Street.  ", "A green and white street sign that reads \"marginal st.\"", "A sign is displayed against a deep blue sky."]
["A train sitting next to a loading area near a house.", "An outdoor train platform at 15:53 with one train stopped there.", "A train arriving at 3:53 in the afternoon. ", "A train sitting at a train station on a sunny day ", "Picture of train pulling up to the station with doors open"]
["A flock of birds sitting on top of a dirt ground.", "a bunch of birds are walking near a couple of trees", "A walking street in a small town with a large number of birds.", "A flock of birds on the sand near a market area.", "Many birds are sitting on the ground in a resort type area."]
["A floodway sign sitting on the side of a road in a field.", "a street sign on the side of a road with trees in the background", "A yellow and black sign that reads \"floodway.\"", "a yellow \"floodway\" sign stands erect near a road", "A yellow sign on the side of a road."]
["a train sitting on a train track at a stop.", "a red train on a train track with a mountain background", "An old red train car is sitting on the tracks.", "An old train is on rusted train tracks", "A train traveling down towards some snow covered mountains."]
["Two people standing in front of a train on the tracks.", "a train on a field of grass with mountains in the background", "A picture of two people posing in front of a train. ", "a black train traveling on a train track.", "an image of a train that is going down the tracks"]
["A stop sign with two street signs above it.", "A stop sign under street signs in front of a building.", "Street signs and a stop sign are all on one post in front of a tan building with white windows.", "The stop sign has two street signs above it.", "A stop sign with street signs on top next to a building."]
["A street sign for Jack Kerouac (Adler) Road", "A green pole with street signs next to a brick building.", "A street sign with the word Jack Kerouac on it.", "A large sign on a pole on a street.", "A blue and white street sign next to building on lamppost."]
["Group of signs on top of each other on a pole. ", "A street sign mounted to the side of a wooden pole.", "Several signs on a wooden pole with damaged homes in the background.", "A sign asking for witnesses is posted in front of a destroyed home.", "A one way sign has cluttered signs all around it."]
["A garden is surrounded by a train and phone booth. ", "A train sits at the edge of a garden.", "A raised garden bed with stone walls in front of a trailer", "a lot of plants and greenery with a train in the background.", "A green and white rain next to a phone booth."]
["Street sign for Hollywood Boulevard with a building in background.", "Hollywood Boulevard seems smaller when looking at this street sign", "A right lane must turn right sign in front of a yellow building.", "A street pole showing two street signs and a building in the background.", "A stop sign that is on a street."]
["A whole bunch of traffic stop signs huddled together.", "A group of stop signs with buildings in the background. ", "There are a lot of old stop signs stored together.", "A group of clustered stop signs in the middle of a park. ", "Many large red stop signs on metal poles."]
["A picture of a very tall stop sign.", "A shopping cart sits outside of a target by a stop sign.", "A stop sign is on the corner near a shopping cart with a large store in the background.  ", "STOP SIGN WITH A RED CART SITTING BESIDE IT ON A STREET CORNER", "a street sign with a shopping cart next to a road"]
["There is a sign with both French and English on it.", "A stop sign is in a parking garage.", "Stop sign on two yellow bars placed under a check in area.", "Stop sign pointing to two lanes to stop in", "A parking garage with a Stop Here sign at the exit area."]
["A stop sign at the intersection of Lyndon Ave and South.", "A road and stop sign at an intersection by a large tree.", "A stop sign in foreground of a tree in fall", "A stop sign on the corner of Lynden Avenue and South Street.", "a close up of a stop sign under a street sign "]
["A red stop sign and a person on a street.", "A person wearing glasses is walking away from a stop sign.", "The side of a mans face with a stop sign in the background. ", "A red stop sign sitting on the side of a tree line road.", "Man's head shown next to a stop street sign"]
["A stop sign posted in a foreign language\n", "A stop sign in Arabic by a body of water.", "Foreign stop sign, possibly in Sanskrit or Cambodian script, with nice tree and water background, off-white property wall typical of India or southeast Asia.", "A stop sign in a foreign language by a body of water.", "A stop sign has a language that is not english."]
["A train with a yellow engine car traveling down railroad tracks.", "A Union Pacific train is moving along the train tracks.", "A Union Pacific train comes down the track.", "A Union Pacific engine pulls its train around the bend.", "A close up of the front of a train on train tracks."]
["A oool lookign stop sign by a murky bog hill", "A red stop sign sitting next to a grass covered cliff.", "The stop sign is next to a big grass covered hill.", "The hills are covered with a bunch of moss.", "A stop sign at a corner in a rural area, above a storm drain."]
["A back that has a skull and two swords on it.", "A bag that is inside of a blue pole.", "The skull bag shows displeasure for the parking meter.", "A blue street sign with a pirate bag on it", "A parking meter beside a statue with a bag hung from it"]
["There is a parking meter with a graffiti stenciled in the background.", "Expired parking meter with backdrop of artistic graffiti. ", "A parking meter in front of a painted metal structure", "A parking meter in a sidewalk next to a curb.", "A coin meter and a spray painted silhouette on a wall in the background."]
["The town square is covered by many inches of snow.", "A street sign covered in snow in front of a theater. ", "A couple of parking meters baried in the snow.", "A parking meter covered in snow next to a row of stores.", "Two parking meters that are nearly covered with snow"]
["A group of people hanging out around a truck.", "There are men loading equipment onto a truck.", "A group of people outside a parked truck with a bunch of luggage inside. ", "a number of people in and a around a truck with its back open", "Men putting bags and gear into a moving van"]
["A large truck driving past a shopping center on a rain covered road.", "A truck is traveling down a wet road. ", "A colorful truck is driving on a wet road.", "A truck pulling two trailers behind it while driving down the highway.", "A colorful truck drives through the rainy street. "]
["A large green truck on a city street.", "A truck driving down a city street, a car behind it.", "A delivery truck riding down a street past a person directing traffic.", "A large truck traveling on a busy city street.", "A truck is parked on the side of a street in a city."]
["various items from the bag are on the table", "A large number of personal items atop a wooden table.", "The wooden table is covered with small bags, pouches, and keys.", "It is a good idea to lay everything out for the trip before packing the items.", "A bag with its contents laid out on a table. "]
["a track without a door near an ocean", "A white truck is parked by a tree", "a broken down truck with no door sits parked next to other cars ", "A white truck parked next to a black car.", "A white pickup trucking is lacking doors, bumpers, grill and one headlight."]
["An orange cat sitting on the ground next to a  purse.", "A big orange cat on the floor by a handbag.", "A cat is standing in the corner of the room", "A cat sits with a hand bag near a chair.", "A cat rests it's head on a purse"]
["there is a cow and people in the street", "A cow and two pass each other on a crowded street.", "A horse walking down a street next to people.", "A market place that has a donkey walking in the middle of it.", "a animal that is walking in a crowd of people"]
["Two trucks that are sitting in the street.", "A blue delivery truck driving down a street.", "People walking past buildings and trucks on a cloudy day.", "a bench near a tree near a light pole ", "A couple of delivery trucks parked next to a large building."]
["Two stuffed bears seated at a table for a meal.", "Toy bears sitting at the table with dishes on it.", "Teddy bears are sitting in chairs around a table.", "Two teddy bears having a tea party at a wooden table.", "Two teddy bears sitting at a wooden table having a meal."]
["A cat sleeping next to a large white teddy bear wearing birthday hat.", "A cat sleeping against a stuffed polar bear.", "A black and white cat sleeps next to a stuffed bear.", "giant stuffed polar bear looks down on a sleeping cat", "A white teddy bear with a cat sleeping beside it."]
["a white cat sits underneath an umbrella ", "A white cat sitting under an open umbrella ", "A pretty white cat sits patiently beneath a white parasol.", "A white cat is sitting under the umbrella.", "A white cat sitting under a white umbrella."]
["a white cat covering itself with an umbrella", "A white cat sitting on a floor under an umbrella.", "The white cat is sitting underneath an umbrella ", "A small white cat is sitting under an umbrella.", "a white cat sitting under a white umbrella"]
["A tiger cat sitting on a floor next to a piece of string.", "A brown cat on a red surface next to a silver thread.", "A kitten is staring down at a silver string.", "THERE IS A CAT SITTING ON THE FLOOR LOOKING AT SOMETHING ", "A cat sitting on the floor with a piece of ribbon in front of it."]
["A cat sitting on top of a blue piece of luggage.", "A cat is sitting on top of a suitcase. ", "A cat is laying on top of a suitcase.", "A cat on top of a blue suitcase.", "A cat with a concerned look sitting on a suit case."]
["Two kites sail high in a clear blue sky.", "Two kites in the sky, one is a kitty and the other is a shark.", "A shark design and a car design kite being flown in the blue sky.", "two kites flying one is a shark the other a tiger", "Two kites flying in a blue sky side by side."]
["Several cows laying down in a hilly area near a body of water", "A herd of cattle laying on top of a sandy beach.", "There are a herd of cows laying on the beach.", "A group of cattle are laying in the sun", "A herd of cows are sitting on the beach."]
["A black bear standing next to a metal pole fence near plants.", "a black bear standing over a purple bag.", "a bear messing with something near bushes ", "A black bear eating something tied to a rope", "A very big black bear holding an object by a rail."]
["A large orange cat laying on top of a blanket.", "An orange and white cat sleeping on a blanket", "A cat laying on a fleece blanket on a bed", "an orange cat laying on a yellow blanket sleeping.", "An orange tabby cat loves this blanket today"]
["there are many trucks that are going down the freeway", "Several large trucks traveling down a busy highway", "Many large trucks are creating a traffic jam.", "A group of trucks that are sitting in the street.", "A highway filled with large trucks driving down it."]
["Two animals grazing in a wooded area with thin trees. ", "A blurry shot of two deer in a wooded area.", "Wild animals are grazing in the sparse bare forest.", "Two animals eating grass in the forest side by side. ", "a blurry photo of deer in between trees"]
["A old truck with a busted window in the tall bushes.", "a rusty old truck sitting in an overgrown field ", "A rusted out truck parked next to some yellow flowers.", "Old pick-up with flowers growing in front of it.", "A truck is shown decaying among flowers without a window."]
["The two cats are laying on the chair together. ", "A cat viewing another cat lying in complete slumber on a couch.", "Two cats laying on a red couch next to a window.", "two cats laying on a couch with books", "One cat sleeping on sofa arm and another on sofa cushion."]
["Food truck with customers ordering them with friends.", "A group of people that are outside of a truck.", "A could people stand around a food truck to get their dinner", "People wait outside of a food truck for their dinner.", "A woman buys food from an orange food truck."]
["a couple of cows stand on some grass ", "A herd of black cows standing on top of a green field.", "Three Bovines looking standing in a field facing the pictures taker.", "a close up of a number of cows near one another ", "Three cows are standing in the grass outside."]
["Cat squints through paneled window and metal bars.", "Siamese cat sticking head out of window with bars", "A grey and white cat in a window behind bars.", "A grey cat stares through steel bars from window.", "The cat is looking out the window wanting to go outside. "]
["Cows and caves behind barbed wire fence on a pasture.", "Cows standing inside of a barbed wire fence.", "Serveral cows behind barbed wire in a field.", "There are several cows behind a fence, they are looking at the camera.", "A pasture of cows looking over a fence."]
["A cat standing on a desk with a remote.", "A cat looking to its left sitting on a desk next to a remote controller.", "there is a orange tabby sitting at a computer desk", "A cat sitting on desk near a remote control. ", "A very cute orange cat sitting on a desk."]
["A man standing in front of a hello kitty tv with a cat sleeping on top of it.", "an image of a man petting his cat", "A man petting a cat laying on a shelf", "A man petting a cat that is sleeping on a shelf.", "A kitten sleeps high up on a television shaped like a cat."]
["A convoy of dump trucks make their way past the supermarket.", "The car is stopped at an intersection with trucks.", "A white car pulling out of a driveway onto a busy street.", "A car pulling out into a street lined with dump trucks.", "Several dump trucks are going along the road."]
["A blurry cat sits on top of a bright television.", "A cat sitting on top of a television looking down. ", "Fuzzy picture of a cat sitting on top of a small Phillips television", "blurred image of a cat sitting on top of a television", "Cat sitting on top of a television with a blurry face."]
["a cat is staring at a television on a table", "A cat standing in front of a flat screen TV.", "A cat sitting in front of tv on a shelf.", "a cat that is looking into a computer screen", "The cat is watching closely watching the television."]
["A white utility vehicle park next to black van", "A white truck and a black truck parked in a lot.", "This truck is parked next to a black van.", "Several trucks are parked in a parking lot.", "Several types of trucks parked near a building."]
["a couple of boats are parked at a dock", "A canal with barges on it next to a path with people sitting alongside it", "People sitting on a bench above the water.", "Two people leaning on the edge of a bridge with boats along a quayside in the background.", "A river and boats seen from atop a bridge."]
["some outdoor tables sitting next to  some umbrellas ", "Patio furniture is set up near the water.", "A patio setting on the beach near the ocean.", "A couple of patio sets sitting outside on a beach.", "tables and chairs and closed umbrellas next to a beach."]
["A boat with ropes attached to it, sitting on pavement.", "A blue boat sitting on a beach next to a brick wall.", "A boat is docked on the ground near a stone wall.", "a boat tied to the side of a concrete cliff", "A small boat suspended by ropes tied to a post."]
["A couple of bags of luggage sitting on top of a ship.", "a couple of black bags are on a boat", "A number of suitcases on the boat in the sea", "Two suitcases sit with the handles up, on a boat.", "some black suitcases standing by a white fence "]
["Two boats filled with lots of fresh produce floating on a river.", "some people and two women in their boats with vegetables", "Two women in canoes that are full of porduce", "Some small wooden boats filled with various produce items.", "people bringing their vegetables to the market by boat"]
["A man milking a cow during the day.", "A man milking a brown and white cow in barn.", "The guy with the white shirt and baseball cap is milking the cow.", "A man on a stool milking a cow.", "a man sitting on a stool milking a cow"]
["A man sanding next to a cow in a pen.", "a boy looking over a gate at a cow.", "The boy is admiring the cow in the barn.", "A boy observing a cow in a stall of hay.", "A man leaned against a fence with a cow in it"]
["A man holding a phone up to take a selfie.", "The man wearing a green sport jacket takes his picture in a mirror.", "A man with an Ipod standing in a coat, tie and leather pants.", "A person with a tie and a cell phone.", "A man taking a self photo of himself, in a mirror. "]
["Dairy cows line up against a barber wire fence to graze the sweeter grass.", "Cows standing in grass at a barbed wire fence with ear tags.", "Herd of spotted brown and white cows line up at the fence", "Brown and white cows behind wire fencing in grassy field.", "Brown and white cows lined up against a barbed wire fence."]
["Two men taking care of an elephant near stairs.", "A person is standing on a stairway beside an elephant carrying a man. ", "an elephant eating some leaves next to a flight of steps ", "A person is getting ready to ride on top of an elephant.", "One man riding on top of an elephant "]
["A baby elephant and an adult elephant in sandy area.", "A zoo exhibit with an elephant and her baby.", "The older elephant is standing next to the younger elephant. ", "a mommy and baby elephant in a zoo setting", "An elephant in his spot at the zoo with his mother."]
["A man with his foot on the face of someone lying on the ground.", "THERE IS  A MAN THAT IS STEPPING ON SOMEONE ON THE GROUND ", "a man sticking his foot on a person on the ground ", "A child laying on the grass with a man putting his foot near the child's face.", "A man has his foot on someone laying on the ground. "]
["A girl with running mascara and a bottle of Bacardi in an easy chair", "Woman with bottle of alcohol sitting in chair wearing shirt and tie.", "A woman drinks rum while slouched in a chair.", "A woman with mascara smeared on her face with whiskey in her hand.", "A woman sitting on a couch drinking bacardi with smeared mascara"]
["A man wearing glasses while holding a banana.", "A man holding a banana in his hand.", "A man is holding a banana in his hand.", "Man with glasses holding a mini banana and making a face", "a guy in a suit holding a banana"]
["A bald man in a suit looking down at something ", "A bald young man in a black coat and bow tie.", "A man in a suit is looking down", "The man in the tuxedo is also bald headed.", "A bald headed man looking down and he is wearing a suit."]
["A man is posing with two young ladies, while holding his drink. ", "A formally dressed man with a martini poses with two women in evening gowns.", "A couple of beautiful women standing beside a bald headed man.", "Three young adults pose for a photo in fancy dress", "A man in a tuxedo with a wine glass and two women beside him."]
["A rear view mirror shows an elephant walking down the road.", "A large elephant walking behind a car on a dirt road.", "the cover of \"alternative route\" has an elephant", "a guide book with a picture of elephants reflected in a side view mirror ", "A traveler's guide features a car mirror with the reflection of elephants following."]
["A man wearing a red and black neck tie.", "A man is tying a red and black striped tie", "A man in a dress shirt puts on a tie.", "a man trying to tie his tie in a room", "a man tying a tie on a white shirt"]
["A large elephant standing in front of the capital building in Washington DC.", "This is an image of an elephant walking with a man near the capitol.", "A man walking an elephant down a street in Washington D.C. with people watching.", "An elephant and his handler walk down the street.", "a person leading an elephant on a city street"]
["A group of people and elephants on a street.", "People and elephants in a procession on a city street.", "people in red coats marching in a parade with elephants while small boy looks on", "there are many elephants that are walking on the street", "boy in plaid observes parade of elephants walking away"]
["A harbor filled with boats floating on water.", "A parade of people in boats on the river.", "Many people on boats in the water next to a city.", "A Chinese woman rowing a boat has met up with other boats on parade.", "A bunch of boats on a river with a man in another boat rowing the opposite direction."]
["Three young children who appear to be impoverished stand together in the street.", "Three little boys, one with a dirty face and sad faces.", "Three children stand huddled together with solemn expressions on their faces.", "A group of young boys standing next to each other on a beach.", "Three children standing together on top of a concrete surface."]
["a man in a red tie and hat is holding a large fish", "Man in a suit and tan jacket holding a game fish.", "a close up of a man in a suit holding a fish", "A man holding a large fish posing for a photo.", "A man dressed in a suit holds onto a fish."]
["A view of the harbor with ships moored on a very foggy day.", "Dock full of many parked boats with a duck.", "Harbor scene on a foggy day with dozens of boats side by side.", "A view of a harbor on a smoggy and hazy day,", "a boating dock with boats surrounding it "]
["A large elephant walking through a lush green field.", "an elephant in the wild coming across the grasslands", "An elephant is in the distance of a green area with many large leafy trees.", "An elephant is in a large field standing in the grass.", "An elephant stands in the distance in a field"]
["An elephant stands in the grass staring out.", "A large gray elephant stands in the grass.", "An elephant with tusks standing in the middle of a large field area with green grass and trees.", "An elephant is standing in a green field.", "A single elephant standing on the green grass on the plains."]
["There is a elephant that is standing besides a lake or river", "An elephant stands near a rivers bank outside.", "an elephant heading for the water to cool off\n", "An elephant next to water near a forest.", "An elephant standing at the edge of a river in a lushly green landscape"]
["A blue and green plaid tie with a flag pin on it.", "A pin is attached to a plaid tie.", "There is a plaid tie with a pin attached to it.", "A tie has a flag shaped tie pin.", "A man's navy shirt front with a paid tie and a flag tie clip."]
["A man with wearing glasses and a red and white tie is smiling. ", "This Asian man is very nicely dressed in a navy shirt and striped tie in red tones.", "A well-dressed man with glasses is posing for a picture.", "A man with glasses and a tie is smiling. ", "an asian man in a dress shirt and tie posing for a picture."]
["There some sort of objects on the ground in that muddy water.", "A group of object on top of a muddy river.", "I actually have no idea what this is other than something in mud.", "there are several small canoe boats in the mud", "Three bridge supports upright in a trickling creek."]
["A boy is dressed up in a tie and is holding a stick.", "Little boy in a tie holding a large stick.", "there is a small boy wearing a tie and holding a stick", "A young boy holding a tree branch while standing in a field.", "Young boy in shirt and tie holding long stick while standing outdoors."]
["A shrimp boat in dry dock with two sailboats in the water", "A boat sits on the shore of a lake.", "A body of water with two boats in the water and one boat on the shore, out of the water.", "A small boat is on shore beside a marshy inlet.", "An old ship is docked on the shore."]
["A man in a tuxedo is holding a rale.", "A man in a tuxedo and bow tie poses for a picture.", "A man holding a railing and wearing a suit and bow tie.", "A happy man wearing formal wear stands on a balcony overlooking some trees", "A man in a suit relaxing on a patio."]
["The two sumo wrestlers are facing each other with the ref between them.", "A battle between two Sumo Wrestlers in front of a small crowds.", "The large men are in the ring ready to wrestle. ", "Two sumo wrestlers and referee with people watching.", "two sumo wrestlers getting ready to wrestle in a ring"]
["A seaport with many boats near some houses.", "many small boats in a body of water", "Several boats are docked in a harbor. ", "A couple of boats sit on the dock.", "There are many boats that are at the dock"]
["Beach chairs under umbrella at populated ocean beach. ", "Two beach chairs and a white and red umbrella at a beach. ", "Two beach chairs and an umbrella sit in the sand on a beach. ", "some chairs sand umbrella flag water and people", "a couple of chairs out on a beach"]
["a cat is standing inside of a bathroom sink", "The cat is getting a drink from the faucet.", "A cat licks it's nose as it stands in front of a bathroom sink.", "A cat that is sitting near a sink.", "a brown and white cat on top of a sink"]
["Some colorful umbrellas somewhere in a shaded area during a sunny day.", "Colorful umbrellas rest on the ground at a market.", "Large, colorful paper umbrellas are propped up along the porch.", "Row of umbrellas of various colors under a pavilion.", "A row of different colored umbrellas sitting next to each other."]
["A person walking across a cross walk holding an umbrella.", "There is a person walking with an umbrella by a taxi.", "A man carrying a backpack and umbrella as he crosses the street.", "a person with an umbrella crosses a street ", "a person holding an umbrella while crossing the road "]
["This aerial shot shows a person crossing the street with an umbrella over their head.", "An overhead shot of a woman crossing the street.", "Person holding umbrella walking in cross walk across street.", "A woman with a blue umbrella crosses at a designated crosswalk.", "a woman is walking across the street in the rain"]
["A man standing in front of a white wall.", "A male in dark pants and a red tie.", "A person with a tie and a shirt.", "A man with a tie on standing against a wall.", "A boy with his back agaist the wall. "]
["A group of ties that are on a blanket.", "Several different colored ties are placed on the bed. ", "Five ties in different colors lying on blankets with sheets", "THERE ARE A LOT OF DIFFERENT TIES ON THE TABLE", "Several ties that have been laid out next to each other."]
["The ocean inlet is a favorite place for boaters.", "A cruise ship travelling out of an expansive harbor.", "Boats are traveling in the large open water.", "There is a boat going across the waterway.", "A large body of water with small boats floating on top of it."]
["People with umbrellas walking down a street on a rainy day.", "A narrow city street with two story houses on either side.", "Shoppers walking down a village street under umbrellas", "People walk down a European street as they hold umbrellas.", "Some people with some umbrellas on a wet narrow street."]
["Coast gaurs approaching a sail boat with big city behind", "a sailboat floats along the water in front of buildings", "A motor boat and a sail boat on the water in front of a big city.", "A view of a city in the distance across a river with several boats.", "A group of boats are enjoying riding on the sea."]
["A  man getting his collar fixed by another man.", "Three young men getting dressed in formal wear with flowers on their lapels.", "Two men help another man prepare for an event in matching suits.", "A man in a suit helping another with his collar.", "Man trying on suit getting ready for a wedding"]
["A man in a tie waits in a room full of people.", "A man sitting at a table with many other people seated around him.", "A man looks at the people in the building.", "A balding man sitting at a cafe looks off into the distance.", "a man wearing a tie sitting next to other people"]
["A man holding a beer next to a man in a blue shirt.", "two men one has a tie and the other has a bowtie", "Two men in dress shirts pose for a photograph.", "Two men in formal wear posing for a picture.", "A man with a beer and another man with their arms around eachother."]
["The two elephants have their trunk on the ground. ", "Two elephants pf different heights walking while gated in. ", "Two elephants are standing next to each other. ", "Two elephants in concrete area next to a fence.", "Two elephants in a dirt covered enclosure with a reenforced fence."]
["People walking down a side walk in the middle of a city.", "Three people walk down a street with lots of buildings", "Old city street with people commuting holding umbrella.", "A group of people walking down a street.", "Two person walk down a city street with a person on moped behind them"]
["A man standing in front of pile of reflective ribbons.", "a male in a tie and black shirt and a white wall", "A man in a tie smiles and pumps his fist.", "A man wearing a black shirt is dancing in front of an object.", "A man that is wearing a shiny tie and dancing."]
["Two elephants are touching trunks through a fence.", "Two elephants with intertwined trunks standing in an enclosure.", "Two elephants that are touching one another with their trunks.", "two elephants near one another behind a fence ", "Twp elephants with their trunks together within a fenced area."]
["A newspaper that has sunglasses on top of it sitting in front of books.", "an apple sunglasses books and a teddy bear", "A folded newspaper and sunglasses are on a table with an apple, books, and teddy bear behind.", "An apple sitting on a table next to sunglasses and a news paper.", "There are sunglasses laying on the folded newspaper."]
["A Star wars storm trooper holding a pink umbrella.", "A small figurine sunbathes with an umbrella for shade.", "A toy sitting under a pink umbrella on the sand.", "A Lego Stormtrooper shaded by a mini umbrella at the beach.", "A storm trooper is in the sand under an umbrella."]
["A group of travelers are about to board a bus.", "some people and their luggage waiting for a bus", "A street corner with people in line to get on a bus.", "Some people are at a bus station ", "\na double Decker bus traveling down a road with lots of traffic."]
["A group of people walking around parked buses.", "There are groups of people walking outside near parked buses.", "A scene containing several buses and a number of people walking around.", "several passengers loading onto traveling buses in a open space", "Several buses are in a courtyard area as people mill around."]
["A row of bamboo umbrellas sitting on top of a beach.", "Sun going down on a beach with umbrellas. ", "Tiki umbrellas in a line on a beach during a sunset. ", "A sunset scene of a sea shore where umbrella shades are fixed on the ground.", "A beach area with umbrellas and people by shore."]
["a big umbrella sitting on the beach ", "An umbrella is at the beach tilted over", "An umbrella sitting on top of a sandy beach near the ocean.", "A large umbrella blocks the sun at the beach.", "This is a picture of an umbrella on a beach."]
["A person standing on top of a beach holding an umbrella.", "The person is walking on the beach with her umbrella up.", "The woman with an umbrella watches many people in the ocean.", "The sand area of a beach that has water on it and a woman with an umbrella over her head standing on the sand.", "A woman standing on the beach and holding an umbrella"]
["people on the street near a sea with waters", "People are seated at an outdoor restaurant by the water", "a bunch of people that are under a umbrella", "An outdoor dining area with tables, chairs and umbrellas.", "People are sitting at outdoor tables under red umbrellas."]
["Two teddy bears sitting on top of a pile of suitcases.", "Two teddy bears wait to travel atop the suitcases.", "Two teddy bears sit on a large stack of luggage in a brick building", "There is a pile of numerous crates with different colors.", "Stack of suitcases and traveling bears shown stacked on top of each other."]
["A brown teddy bear sitting next to a blue piece of luggage.", "A teddy bear sits atop a partly open suitcase.", "A teddy bear positioned between two open suitcases.", "A stuffed teddy bear is sitting on the corner of a suitcase", "A light brown teddy bear sitting on suitcases."]
["a yellow stuffed animal a black purse and a one dollar bill in a suitcase", "A type of container with various items in it including a stuffed toy and a purse with a dollar bill laid on top of the purse.", "A suitcase is packed with a fuzzy yellow monkey and a dollar bill on top.", "A stuffed animal is packed in a suitcase.", "A yellow stuffed animal in a piece of luggage."]
["Cluttered apartment with packing being done with clothes", "A bunch of bags that are in a kitchen.", "a really messy kitchen looks like a hoarders house", "The room is very cluttered and dirty looking. ", "A small messy kitchen with clothes and suitcase on the floor."]
["A group of people standing next to lots of luggage.", "Several people look at suit cases in a market.", "A walking city street with things for sale. ", "A bunch of people are walking around at a market", "People at a market place selling mostly luggage "]
["two kayakers enjoy the clear open water ", "Two people are out on murky water with kayaks.", "Two people kyaking on a body of water. ", "A couple of kayakers paddling through the water", "A picture of a couple of people in the water."]
["A group of people that are standing together.", "A  band with a drummer, guitarists and flutist are playing at a street corner. ", "A group of people standing on a snow covered street corner.", "A band is playing on the street corner in the cold.", "The band members are playing music on the sidewalk of the city."]
["A woman and a man walking down a street carrying luggage.", "Several people are walking with luggage down a crowded city street.", "A man and woman walking down a city street with luggage. ", "People walking near a city street carrying luggage.", "People walking with suitcases on a city sidewalk."]
["A large brown dog standing next to a cat on a bed.", "A dog and cat on a bed in a bedroom. ", "A dog is peering up close while a cat lays on the bed behind him.", "Dog looking at camera with cat in background", "The cat and dog looked like they have an agreement to ignore each other."]
["A piece of luggage sitting on a hardwood floor next to a bed with items on it.", "A bag of luggage sitting in a small room.", "A few pieces of luggage are on a messy bed.", "a brown suitcase a sink a bed and a backpack", "Luggage and a backpack on a mattress in an apartment"]
["Two men are riding an elephant, a driver and a passenger.", "A big elephant with a chair and riders on top.", "A man goes for a ride on an elephant.", "A man and a tourist on top of an elephant.", "A tourist and a guide ride on an elephant."]
["a red and a black suitcase a rug  and some flowers", "Red and black luggage sits on a tile floor.", "Two small pieces of luggage sitting on an apartment floor.", "Suitcases sit on the floor in the hall. ", "A sideways picture shows two suitcases and flower pot."]
["a elephant walking in a dusty and rocky area", "An elephant walking in dirt next to water.", "A baby elephant walking out of its watering hole ", "An elephant walking away from a watering hole surrounded by rock.", "An elephant curling its trunk behind a wire fence."]
["Elephant crossing paved road near grass and trees.", "A car driving down a road with an elephant crossing a street.", "A large grey elephant crossing the street in front of a car. ", "An elephant crossing the road in front of a vehicle.", "a large elephant that is walking across the road"]
["A group of statues holding metal umbrellas near flowers.", "A sculpture featuring people walking with umbrellas down a side walk.", "four people using umbrellas walking in a small area", "Women are standing outside in the rain with umbrellas up.", "Four statues holding umbrellas in a flower bed"]
["Two people are sitting on the head of an elephant as it eats. ", "A tourist couple riding on the head of an elephant eating grass", "A couple of people riding on the back of an elephant.", "Two women sitting on top of an elephants head.", "The couple is riding the elephant by the water outside."]
["A large umbrella and some chairs by a building.", "Freshly constructed stone steps lead up to the backyard patio through the dirt.", "Steps leading down from and outdoor patio behind a building..", "An outdoor view of a home featuring a deck, walkway and a patio with an umbrella and a dining set.", "A multi-colored umbrella on a patio, with stone steps leading to it.", "A bright umbrella on a patio with stone steps leading to it."]
["A teenaged girl at a booth at an educational fair ", "Smiling woman in red top putting items in a box.", "A girl is kneeling down and packing things in a suitcase", "A woman with a suitcase distributing literature from it.", "A woman placing bags into an old suitcase"]
["There are lots of suitcases in a single room", "Two men stand in a room packed with luggage bags.", "Two people in a room with assorted luggage", "Very crowded room with many different types of luggage being stored", "A narrow room with various luggage and two men."]
["A pile of luggage on wooden floor next to dresser.", "Travel bags are piled-up on a wooden floor.", "Many bags are lumped together on the floor, including a shopping bag, a duffel bag and a black suitcase.", "Several travel bags and suitcases in a pile on a wooden floor.", "there are many bags and luggages standing next to each other"]
["A large teddybear float is on snow skis.", "A white teddy bear posed on skis with ski poles.", "a stuffed bear with goggled on wearing snow skies ", "A stuffed polar bear has goggles and skis.", "There is a giant stuffed bear wearing skis"]
["A cake that has a bear on the top of it.", "A brown teddy bear in a crib holding a blanket.cake.", "A cake with a bear and blanket icing decoration.", "a crib themed cake with a teddy bear inside the crib", "Baby shower cake decorated as a crib with teddy bear."]
["A bunch of luggage that is in front of a truck.", "A large amount of luggage next to a red truck. ", "A large amount of suitcases are parked near a red pickup truck.", "A truck with loads of garbage in front of it.", "A red truck and a huge pile of trash in the side of a road"]
["A Pooh bear is sitting in a high chair.", "A teddy bear is in a blue high chair.", "A stuffed bear sits in a high chair.", "A stuffed bear is set in a baby's high chair.", "There is a bear on a telephone book sitting in a highchair"]
["People standing on a crowded sidewalk in the evening, many holding umbrellas.", "A dark scene has some contrasting bright umbrellas.", "Several people that are outside in the nighttime.", "The people are standing under umbrellas in the rain.", "A crowd is gathered at a fence line to oversee an event on a rainy night."]
["there are three suitcases That are opened on the floor", "Several open suitcases sitting on the hotel room floor.", "Suitcases laying open on a bed with items packed inside.", "four open suitcases filled with clothes and a cabinet", "Travelors have opened five suitcases on the floor."]
["A teddy bear is staring at a laptop.", "A teddy bear seated on a chair in front of a laptop.", "A teddy bear in a chair sitting in front of a laptop.", "Brown teddy bear with glasses sitting on blue couch. ", "A teddy bear with glasses posed at a laptop."]
["Luggage moves around a carousel at an airport", "An airport baggage claim conveyor belt has some luggage.", "A baggage claim area with black suitcases on a baggage carousel.", "Two pieces of luggage on a luggage carrousel at an airport.", "Pieces of luggage on a carousel at the airport."]
["A group of travelers at the airport station.", "Several people with luggage and musical instrument cases on a cart.", "A group of band members preparing to depart a concert hall.", "A group gathers around their luggage at an airpot.", "Friends gather an at airport while holding their luggage."]
["The dog is swimming in the water with his Frisbee in his mouth. ", "A dog swimming in the water with a Frisbee.", "a dog swimming in a body of water with a frisbee", "There  is a dog that jumped in the water to get a frisbee", "A brown dog in water carrying a yellow frisbee behind a boat."]
["A person skate boarding on the top of a half pipe.", "A person riding on a half pipe at a skate park", "A skateboarder does a trick at the top of the ramp.  ", "A guy doing tricks on his skateboard in a home made ramp in his garage. ", "A guy rail grinding a skateboard on a ramp."]
["a person holding a dog sitting on a couch ", "A woman is on a couch with a black dog.", "A woman is sitting on a couch holding her black dog. ", "A woman is holding a dog while on the couch.", "a woman with a red shirt is holding a black dog"]
["Four bears standing on a fallen tree outside. ", "A group of bear cubs climbing along a branch of a tree.", "Bears in a bear pit climbing on a tree trunk.", "Four bears are walking on the elevated tree limbs.", "there are several brown bears walking along the log"]
["A bear walking through a field next to a forest.", "A bear walks through the grass near a tree line.", "a brown bear is walking through the grass ", "a black bear walking in the middle of a grass and straw field.", "A bear is shown in a grassy area in front of trees."]
["A large black bear traveling across a grass covered field.", "A bear is walking through some rolled hay", "A large black bear walking through dried grass", "A bear walks away from the camera into a wooded area. ", "An animal that is walking in the wild."]
["Two small white dogs looking out small windows of a building.", "A small dog sitting outside of a window looking in", "Two dogs looking out the opposite windows of a door frame.", "Two dogs looking out of the glass sidelights of a door", "a close up of a door with two dogs in the glass of either side of the door"]
["Outside a window of an old large house", "A dog that is looking out a window.", "a dog in an open window of a building ", "A dog looks out a window over some water", "A golden retriever dog sitting on a window sill. "]
["Three dogs are sitting looking outside of a window", "A couple of dogs that are looking out the window.", "a group of small dogs are staring out of the window", "A few dogs looking curiously out a window at something.", "Three animals look out a window intently observing the outside. "]
["Here is an image of an outdoor place. \n", "some zebras and an elephant some grass bushes and trees", "A JUNGLE WITH A VERY BIG ELEPHANT AND A HERD OF ZEBRA", "Several zebra and a large elephant out in the wild ", "Herd of zebras and an elephant in a grass and tree area."]
["A brown dog on a black couch with a laptop.", "a dog sits on a leather couch in front of a coffee table and laptop", "A small dog laying on its belly on a couch at a table.", "A dog sits on a couch near a laptop.", "A dog sitting on a couch by a laptop."]
["A dog asleep on the couch with its paw on the remote ", "A dog with its paw on a remote controller on a couch.", "Small dog sleeping on a couch with remote controls.", "A DOG SLEEPING ON A COUCH WITH HIS PAW ON A REMOTE", "A pug sleeping on two remotes for the TV."]
["A woman stands with outreached hands waiting to catch a ring.", "Older woman holding out her hands preparing to catch a frisbee. ", "a personembracing  herself to catch a frisbee", "a woman in a blue top is catching a frisbee", "A woman holds her hands out to catch a frisbee"]
["A herd of zebras stand around in the wild.", "Four zebras standing around in a green field.", "four zebra are standing in a grassy area with trees\n", "Small group of Zebras standing in an open field. ", "A group of five zebras stand in a field."]
["Herd of zebras walking single file in grass land.", "Three zebras walking in a line through the grass.", "Three zebras walk in a line together in the tall grass.", "A group of zebras that are standing in the grass.", "Three zebras walk in a row through the brush."]
["Little girl is outside ready to play with someone.", "A young standing in grass, pointing and holding a Frisbee.", "There is a little girl holding a toy.", "A cute little girl playing with a disc.", "A girl playing with a frisbee on the grass."]
["A woman is a green plate on top of her head with company in the house.", "A woman is balancing a Frisbee on her head.", "a woman in a white shirt has a green frisbee on her head", "A person standing in a kitchen with a green frisbee on their head.", "A woman is balancing a frisbee on her head."]
["Zebra standing by itself in an open field by a tree. ", "a zebra standing in a dry field looking at the camera", "A giraffe spots the camera while out and about.", "A zebra standing in the wild on a cloudy day ", "Zebra in natural savannah habitat grazing and looking at camera."]
["A field with animals grazing on top of a grass covered field.", "Several zebras grazing the grassy plains on a sunny day.", "Herd of zebras grazing in a sahara panorama.", "Zebras are grazing in the grass with a mountain in the distance.", "A panoramic photo of zebras in their natural environment"]
["A little girl holding a red frisbee while wearing a pink visor.", "a little girl wearing a pink visor holding a red Frisbee ", "A young girl holds a Frisbee at a park.", "A young girl wearing a pink hat holding a Frisbee.", "Young girl about to throw a frisbee in a park."]
["A group of people gathered at the rivers edge with their dogs.", "A group of people and many dogs on the water.", "People standing while there dogs play in the water and on the riverbank.", "some people and many dogs standing on the shore and in the water", "Several people and dogs are gathered by the water."]
["An animal biting a yellow frisbee next to another man.", "Otters investigating a frisbee thrown into their naturalistic enclosure.", "Two dark colored animals with a yellow plastic disc.", "Two otters that are playing with a Frisbee.", "Two small otters playing with a yellow frisbee."]
["A zebra and baby grazing on a grassy field.", "A mother zebra standing next to a baby zebra.", "a close up of two zebras in a field with grass", "A full grown adult zebra and a baby zebra.", "A couple of zebras are standing in a field"]
["Several zebras from behind standing on grass plain with distant trees.", "A grouping of zebras running in a open field.", "A herd of zebras in the wild near grassy terrain.", "A heard of Zebras moving with another animal group across a field.", "several zebras and other brown animals running in a grass and straw field"]
["An otter investigates two frisbees that are near it.", "An otter sitting next to two Frisbee's on a rock.", "An adorable seal laying next to a yellow and pink frisbee.", "The otter is playing with two Frisbee's. ", "The animal is on the rock with the pink and yellow discs."]
["A small animal on a rock near some Frisbee.", "An otter playing with some freebees on a rock. ", "rocks with two frisbees and an otter on it ", "A close up of a small mammal with two small frisbees.", "A couple of animals walking near a couple of colorful frisbees."]
["A dog lays in the grass panting with a Frisbee.", "A dog lying on the ground with a frisbee.", "A dog sitting on a lawn over a red frisbee.", "There is a dog that is lying on the ground with its tongue out", "A dog is sitting in the grass next to a toy."]
["zebras graze in a field with sparse grass, in front of trees.", "The zebras are eating grass in the field.", "Four zebra stand near each other looking at the ground.", "A group of four zebras grazing on grass", "A couple of zebra standing next to each other."]
["A group of young men standing around a volley ball court.", "Group of guys clash into each other trying to catch the frisbee", "A group of people collide while trying to catch a frisbee.", "A group of people are playing with a ball.", "Scrum of men playing some kind of frisbee-based game on a sports field."]
["Several people play a game with a Frisbee in a park.", "there are a few men that are playing frisbee on the field", "A group of teens playing frisbee in a park", "A group of people are playing a game on the grass.", "A group of youths play frisbee in a field."]
["A couple of people playing frisbee in the grass.", "Two teenage boys playing a game of frisbee.", "Two teenagers without shirts are playing frisbee on the grass.", "Two men without shirts playing frisbee in a field.", "Two shirtless men playing Frisbee in a grassy area"]
["A group of zebras drink from a watering hole. ", "Several zebras that are drinking from a watering hole.", "A group of zebra drinking water from a pond.", "Several zebras eating some grass on a field.", "A herd of zebra standing next to each other on sandy ground."]
["an image of a lone zebra eating grass", "A zebra eating grass out in a field.", "A zebra is eating grass among several trees and some ostriches.", "There is a zebra grazing with ostriches behind it.", "A captive zebra nuzzles in the grass as an ostrich stands in the shade beneath the trees to the left. "]
["Riding a horse through a field at dusk.", "A person riding a horse through a dry grass covered field.", "a person riding a horse though a field ", "A person riding a horse in a field with a beautiful sunset.", "A person rides a horse across a field under a sunset."]
["A large white horse walking along side the road.", "A white horse walking down a street next to a field.", "THERE IS A WHITE HORSE WALKING DOWN THE STREET ", "a horse walking on a road near water", "A horse galloping down a street past grass and water."]
["The zebra is confined within the wire fence.", "a photo of a zebra through a fence", "A lone zebra at the public zoo behind a fence.", "An adorable zebra stands behind a fence next to a tree.", "Zebra in a fenced area near some trees"]
["A zebra looks away from the camera at the zoo.", "A zebra is standing behind a chain link fence.", "a zebra standing next to a wire beside a chain link fence", "A zebra behind a chain link and electric fence.", "A zebra standing on top of a field standing next to a fence."]
["Several antelope and zebras graze while in a grassy area", "there are many animals that can be seen in the wild", "A group of gazelle's near some zebra's grazing in a field.", "Zebras and other animals grazing during the day. ", "Gazelle eating grass with zebras in the background."]
["A horse figurine sitting on a red chair on the sidewalk.", "A large statue of a chair with a smaller horse on top of it.", "On a snowy street a horse statue sits atop a large chair", "A large chair statue with a large horse statue on top of it.", "The large red chair is occupied by a tiny little horse."]
["People in a horse drawn buggy on a city street.", "two men in a horse drawn carriage going down the street", "A brown and white horse pulls a carriage down a town street.", "Some people riding in a horse drawn carriage.", "Two people in carriage being drawn by a brown and white horse."]
["A person on a horse is down by the ocean.", "A person riding a horse on top of  a sandy beach.", "A person rides a horse on the beach by the water.", "A woman on a horse on the shore of the ocean ", "A person is sitting on a horse on a beach."]
["A group of people riding horses down a beach.", "Ten people riding horses along a beach on a very cloudy day.", "a group of people riding horses on the beach", "People riding horses in a long line on a beach", "Several people are riding horses on the beach."]
["two zebras standing by a car in front of some trees", "There are two zebras here and there is a car in the back ground", "Two zebras with trees and a vehicle behind them.", "A group of zebras standing behind a car.", "two zebras a black car and some trees"]
["Munching in the grass is a daily habit.", "A zebra eats off the ground near some young plants.", "a zebra grazes on some grass next to some trees ", "a zebra some yellow flowers grass and trees", "A striped zebra grazes behind a wire fence."]
["a group of zebras all pile around a bunch of grass", "a number of zebras at a feeder ", "Several zebras are eating grass from a wooden trough. ", "A bunch of zebras gather together to eat hay.", "A family of zebra are eating grass at the same time."]
["A man sitting on a horse drawn wagon.", "a person is sitting in the back of a carriage", "A small horse pulls a person in a small cart.", "Two children and an adult ride in a horse pulled cart.", "A horse pulling a buggy on a street corner."]
["Two blonde horses standing in a field grazing on grass.", "A group of horses grazing in a field.", "Two horses grazing in a pasture, with autumn foliage in the background.", "Some animals that are eating stuff off the ground.", "two small horses eating grass with a field in the background"]
["Two large horses grazing in a large field.", "Two brown horses grazing the grass in a field. ", "A pair of horses graze in a field with trees.", "Horse greases in an open field on green grass ", "Two large brown horses grazing in a lush field of grass."]
["A large group of people sitting on the ground.", "A large group of people sitting on the grass watching people on horses.", "People gathered in a park watching a medieval competition.", "A crowd of people sitting in a field watching jousting.", "A crowd of people watching a Renaissance period jousting game."]
["Two men are riding horses down a city street.", "Two mounted police officers riding  horses in a city.", "two people riding horses on a city street ", "Two workers are heading down the road on their horses. ", "Mounted police, both officer and horse in rain gear."]
["A group of police men on horses all in a row with flags.", "A line of police offices riding horses down a street.", "a line of horses being led by one white horse ", "A group of men riding horses and carrying the American Flag and another flag.", "A large group of men on horse back carrying flags."]
["A desert with bananas and caramel on a large white plate.", "a plate with some food stacked on it ", "A pastry of sliced banana on a white plate.", "A banana dessert with caramel sauce on a white plate.", "A white plate topped with bananas and pancakes."]
["A group of people out on a boat and a man on a jet ski ", "People are enjoying the water on the lake.", "A group of people are riding boats and jet skis.", "A group of friends on a boat watch a jet ski drive passed.", "A motorist on a jet ski flies by people on a boat."]
["A man and a woman posing for a picture while on  a ski mountain.", "Two skiers are posing on a snowy slope.", "Two people holding ski poles posing for a picture.", "A couple in ski gear while on a snow covered hill.", "A couple is bundled up while on a ski slope."]
["a big bowl of different kinds of fruit inside", "A bowl of fruit that is sitting on a table.", "A bowl of raw fruit on a table by a painting", "A white bowl filled with oranges, an apple and a banana.", "a bowl of fruit on a table "]
["a person riding skis on a snowy surface", "A man riding skis across snow covered ground.", "A skier with white pants, a blue jacket and black shoes traveling on skis.", "Skiers make their way down the slopes on a snowy day.", "A woman in blue jacket skiing on a hill."]
["A grocery store filled with lots of fresh fruit stand vegetables.", "A man smiles for the camera at a farmers market.", "A man posing with a display of fruits and vegetables.", "A man smiling for camera behind a market produce stand with apples, tomatoes, oranges, with price tags.", "Apples, oranges, sweet potatoes and tomatoes for sale at a fruit stand."]
["some bananas with some stickers and red ends", "Red bananas with red painted tips next to each other. ", "A closeup picture for several bunches of bananas for sale. ", "Bunches of bananas with a label across them. ", "Several bunches of bright yellow bananas with red tips."]
["A person picking up a slice of small pizza.", "A diner holds a slice of thin crust pizza with vegetables and melted cheese.", "A man holding a slice of pizza taken from a white plate.", "Mans hand holding a slice of pizza that has the rest of the pizza below.", "the person is reaching for a slice of pizza "]
["A group of people riding skis on top of snow covered ground.", "People are standing on the slope as skiers are descending. ", "A group of men in colorful jackets skiing down a hill", "Several people skiing through a dense, snowy forest", "People standing and skiing at a ski resort."]
["A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A man is on snow skis on top of a mountain.", "A skier in an orange jacket traveling down a slope.", "A snow skier makes their way down a ski slope.", "A person on skis on the side of a mountain slope."]
["Someone going down a hill on ski's .", "A man skies down a snowy mountain slope. ", "A person in black jacket on skis with mountains in the background.", " a snow skier coming down a snowy mountain", "A person is skiing down a snow covered hill."]
["A man in ski gear skiing on snow.", "A male skiier skiing down a snow slope", "A man wearing black and white skis through the snow", "A man skiing on some hill with snow.", "A skier skis down a hill and gets hit with snow."]
["A group of people riding swings in the snow.", "Two adults and three kids are playing on the equipment. ", "Two moms and their kids playing together on a swing set. ", "Women and kids sitting on swings in the snow.", "A group of people on a swing in the snow."]
["A team is playing baseball in a field.", "The baseball players are preparing for a game on the side of the field. ", "a bunch of baseball players are in a field", "A man is swinging a baseball bat on the field.", "A baseball team is warming up before a game."]
["A man selling oranges and juice to a bunch of people.", "a bunch of people stand in front of a fruit vendor ", "Several people standing at a stall piled high with oranges with a man standing behind a counter serving drinks", "a group of girls are standing around in front of oranges ", "A group of people are gathered at the orange stand"]
["A pile of fresh produce sitting inside of a store under a scale.", "Most store produce departments are equipped with weight scales.", "this is fresh fruit sitting in crates together", "a scale and a bunch of fruit in boxes. ", "Oranges in a grocery store by a large scale."]
["A tree with a bunch of unripe bananas hanging from it.", "bunches of green bananas on a stem of tree.", "a tree that has some bananas on it", "Tropical bananas still in bunches on a tree.", "Bananas hanging on tree in their natural form."]
["A little boy in mid swing at a baseball", "A young batter swings during a Little League game.", "A person taking a swing at a  baseball on the field", "A young boy swinging a baseball bat at a baseball.", "Small boy in red uniform swinging at a baseball on a field. "]
["A stack of plates on a counter next to a pan of vegetables.", "A stack of dishes sitting on a table.", "A stack of plates sitting on a table near a knife", "A close up of a stack of plates and a cake somewhat behind it.", "an image of a cake next to a stack of plates"]
["a plate with a sandwich that has a toothpick in it.", "Two halves of a sandwich sits on a white plate.", "A nice looking sandwich loaded with lots of meat.", "Two halves of a sandwich with toothpicks in them, on a plate.", "a plate with some sandwiches sitting on top of it "]
["A plate of food that includes rice and various vegetables.", "A plate filled with a mixture of meat vegetables and rice.", "A plate of food sitting on a table next to a book.", "a close up of a plate of food with broccoli", "A paper plate filled with meat vegetables, and rice."]
["A man holds a baby in his lap while the baby eats a banana.", "A baby that is sitting with a banana.", "A person holding a baby feeds it a banana.", "A baby chewing on toys with mother holding", "A baby eating a banana while in a persons lap."]
["A baseball player holding a bat over home plate.", "some baseball players are playing baseball on a field", "A man in uniform in batting stance with the catcher and umpire in place.", "A batter with his bat raised for the pitch at home plate.", "a baseball player that is standing at home plate"]
["Plates of food placed on a colorful bed.", "A view of a bunch of plate sitting on a table, with a man setting utensils. \n.", "A table setting of colorful food.  ", "A group of plates with food on them sits on a decorative rug.", "A table of plated food on a patio."]
["A white dish filled with lots of vegetables.", "a white bowl with a vegetable mix and a black scooper", "A  bowl of vegetables sitting next to a spoon.", "A bowl full of vegetables with green beans, cauliflower, carrots and more. ", "A bowl that has vegetables inside of it."]
["A red and white plate topped with a pot pie and broccoli.", "A plate holds a meat pie, carrots and broccoli.", "Pot pie and broccoli on a plate on a table with a laptop in the background", "A small plate holds a pot pie and broccoli. ", "Lunch is in front of the laptop computer."]
["A muffin sitting on a plate with a fork while customers sit in the background. ", "A muffin and fork sits on a table in a cafe. ", "Fresh fruit muffin on a plate with a fork in a cafe", "A blueberry muffin waits on a plate to be eaten", "A picture of a muffin on a white plate"]
["a pizza with broccoli on it on the table", "A pizza with broccoli and olives on a wooden board", "A pizza sits on a table and it has cheese, olives and broccoli on it.", "A pizza topped with cheese and pieces of broccoli.", "a pizza with cheese, black olives and broccoli on it"]
["A white table with a laptop computer on it.", "A desk with a computer and other items.", "a laptop sitting on a table, with a beer and tv in background.", "A laptop sitting on a desk with other items.", "A table with an open laptop, text book, cell phone and a bottle of beer, tv on in the background."]
["Plates of steak, vegetables, potatoes and bread are on a table.", "A table with bread, beef, broccoli and a baked potato on it. ", "This is a steak dinner with soup, potatoes, bread and vegetables.", "On the table there is a plate with beef and a bowl of soup, a plate with a potato, a plate of broccoli, a basket of bread, and a drink.", "a bowl of soup a steak some broccoli bread and a baked potato  "]
["There are two people standing in the snow getting ready to ski.", "two people on a snowy ramp posing for the camera", "Two skiers pose with their equipment near a snowy fence.", "A couple of people with skis standing in the snow.", "Two people are standing in snow carrying ski poles and skis on their shoulders. "]
["a plate filled with some pasta and broccoli", "Pieces of broccoli are scattered over a plate of orange pasta.", "This is a dish of broccoli and noodles.", "A bowl with vegetable pasta and broccoli on a table.", "A plate of noodles and vegetables is seen here."]
["A crowd of people shopping at a farmers market filled with fruit and vegetables.", "People walking in a market with apples in crates.", "many fruits in baskets with buildings in the background", "A view of a farmers market being looked at by many people.", "People looking at crates of fruits and vegetables.  "]
["A piece of meat on a plate next to broccoli.", "Meat and broccoli are sitting on a plate.", "A dish with salmon, broccoli, and something yellow.", "Meat with bright green vegetables sitting on a white plate. ", "Close up of salmon and broccoli on plate."]
["A skateboarder jumping over a cone at a skate park.", "Nighttime skateboarder in mid-air performing a flip trick.", "A skateboarder is doing a jump trick over a red cone.", "A man mid trick on his skateboard at a skate park.", "A man doing tricks on a skateboard at night."]
["A fancy dish on a white plate at a restaurant.", "A fancy dinner served with brocclie on a table.", "A meal is presented nicely on a large white plate.", "A plate has a small amount of food on it.", "A white plate with food and a fork."]
["some food is on a white plate on a table", "A picture of someone's dinner of fried fish and vegetables on a white plate.", "A white plate topped with  different types of chinese food.", "A plate with a small portion of different foods on top", "a plate with some meat and veggies like carrots and broccoli"]
["A table with a glass of white wine on top of it. ", "A glass of wine is sitting on a table beside of a vase holding ornamental grass.", "A single glass of white win on a table with a vase", "A half full glass of wine sits on a table beside a vase.", "The glass of wine is sitting on a table with a vase."]
["An apple tree filled with lots of apples ", "Some apples that are ready to be picked from the tree.", "Apples hanging from the limbs of an apple tree.", "some red apples hanging on part of an apple tree ", "Three apples still growing on a tree branch with some worm holes."]
["A pasta salad with broccoli and tomatoes. ", "We see a close up of a vegetable ad pasta salad.", "A close up of stir fried noodles, broccoli and tomatoes.", "A dish of pasta, tomatoes, and broccoli in a clear sauce.  ", "A pasta salad with broccoli and tomatoes in it. "]
["A bowl of cooked noodles and broccoli in sauce", "Looking down in to a pot of broccoli spaghetti on a stove", "A big pot with broccoli and noodles in it sitting on a stove", "The broccoli was cooked in the same pot as the noodles.", "Metal pot with noodles and broccoli sitting inside of it. "]
["A skateboarder who is jumping down a flight of stairs", "A skaterboarder getting major air over some stairs during a night time shoot.", "A skate boarder jumping down some stairs at night", "A skateboarder riding down a flight of stone stairs.", "A young man skateboarding over a flight of steps"]
["Two people carrying snowboards and walking through the snow.", "two people holding snow boards on a snowy surface", "two snow boarders carrying their snow boards across the snow", "two people walking in the snow with snowboards", "Two friends walking through the snow carrying snowboards past a small cabin."]
["A little girl wearing safety gear while standing on a skate park.", "Girl in white helmet at skatepark with skateboarder in the background.", "A young girl is near a skateboarding park ramp.", "A WOMAN IS STANDNG WITH A HELEMT ON HER", "A small boy and girl skateboarding with helmets on."]
["little dude shredding the gnar on flat ground", "A young child riding a black skateboard ", "A picture of a person on his skateboard.", "A young child takes a ride on a skate ramp.", "A little boy on a skateboard on the road."]
["A photograph of a cross country skier in a greenish tint light.", "SNOW SKIER ON THE SLOPE BEING VIEWED FROM A GREEN LENS", "A mountain climber is ready to climb the snowy mountain. ", "The man skis through the snowy field with another skier in the distance.", "A man skiing in the middle of a snowy hill."]
["A plate full of food is ready to be eaten.", "A white plate topped with stew and salad.", "The meals is done and waiting to be eaten. ", "A plate of food consisting of carrots and greens.", "a white plate with a variety of meat and vegetables"]
["A jar of mustard next to a small plate of a sandwich", "a little plate that has a sandwich on top of it", "An open can of mustard sits next to a meat sandwich, with pickles and olives.", "a fork a white plate with a sandwich and some mustard", "A white plate with a cut in half sandwich."]
["A table with a plate that has food on it and a mug. ", "A cut in half sandwich sitting next to a cup of tea.", "a plate with a sandwich on it next to a cup of tea", "there is a large sandwich and a cup of soup", "a plate of sandwhiches sitting on a table next to a cup of coffee"]
["A bowl of chili and a half-eaten sandwich on a plate.", "A bowl of beans sitting on next to a sandwich.", "The receipts from a meal at a restaurant are for  a sandwich, chili, and apple.", "A half eaten sandwich next to a bowl of chili and an apple.", "Assortment of lunch items on serving plate displayed."]
["A table topped with fresh fruits and vegetables.", "Several snacks including fruit and vegetables arranged on a countertop.", "an apple, orange, carrots, broccoli, and other food", "an apple a tangerine some carrots a drink and other food items", "Various fruits and vegetables prepared and packed into small containers."]
["Plate of mixed colorful vegetables sitting on white table. ", "A plate of shredded carrots, pork and celery.", "dinner plate of stirfry with meat and vegetables", "A blue china dish is served with a stir fry.", "A blue and white plate filled with meat and vegetables"]
["A table filled with plates of food and bread.", "Plates of chicken and vegetable, a plate with bread and a bowl of soup.", "a meal at a table which contains bread, carrots, asparagus and turkey", "Several courses of food sitting on top of a dining room table. ", "A three course meal is sitting at the table in perfect formation."]
["A stuffed bear set in front of a cup of coffee.", "A brown teddy bear sitting by a blue and white cup of coffee.", "A stuffed bear sits next to a tea cup full of tea..", "A teddy bear placed behind a cup and saucer ", "A brown teddy bear sitting at a table next to a cup of coffee."]
["A coffee cup with some food and a fork in it.", "A spoon that is sitting inside of a cup.", "The cup has some brown stuff and a spoon in it.", "A cup with food and a fork sitting in it.", "There is a mug with a fork in it and an unidentifiable liquid."]
["A green white with a sandwich on top of it.", "A meal is placed on a plate with a fork and beverage.", "A close of a sandwich on a green plate.", "Two slice of cake and a fork rest on a plate", "A couple of sandwiches on a green plate"]
["There is a piece of pie on a patterned plate.", "A cake sitting on a plate with a fork next to it,", "a piece of cheesecake on a floral plate", "The cheese cake is on a plate next to a fork. ", "A plate that has a fork and piece of cake on it."]
["The little boy sits on the ground next to the skateboard.", "A child sitting on the ground next to a skateboard.", "a small child sitting on a ground with a skate board near by", "A child sits on the ground next to a skateboard.", "A young boy sits on the floor by a skateboard and skating equipment."]
["Skateboarder riding his board on a half pike.", "A man riding up the side of a skateboard ramp.", "A guy at the top of a ramp on a skateboard.", "A skateboarder practicing a trick on an indoor ramp", "A man skateboarding on an indoor skate ramp."]
["A man is trying to pull off a skateboarding trick on his ramp. ", "A person is on a skateboard on the top of a quarter pipe.", "A man riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp.", "A skateboarder is doing a trick in the dark.", "a person riding a skate board at a skate park"]
["A skater prepares to drop in from the top of a ramp.", "A kid in jeans holds the lip of his skateboard on a ledge as he stands on it.", "A skateboarder performing a trick on a skateboard ramp.", "Guy hangs on edge doing a trick with his skateboard", "A skate board rider doubled over getting ready to make a jump."]
["a man on a skate board looks like he is falling", "A man does a skateboard trick on a skateboard ramp", "Guy falling off a skateboard in a room.", "A man riding a skateboard on top of a table.", "a man skating on part of a ramp with his skateboard"]
["A person slicing up a bunt cake on top of a table.", "An individual is about to slice the cake in pieces. ", "A person is cutting the cake with a knife.", "A person making a cut into a bundt cake", "A woman is cutting a bundt cake on a platter."]
["a man cts into a small cake with his sharp knife", "a man cutting a slice of cake with the knife", "Woman slicing fruit cake on tray of table with nice hands", "A person cutting slices on a dessert cake", "a person is cutting in to a cake"]
["A man with a knife cutting into a cake. ", "A bald man with a goatee cuts a bundt cake.", "A man cuts a cake with a large knife.", "A chef slicing lemon cake at a reception.", "A man cuts a dessert with a knife on a blue table."]
["a person cutting a cake on a table ", "A man is cutting a piece of cake ", "A man that is standing in front of a cake.", "A man dressed in black and holding a knife, standing up next to a table that has a bundt cake on it.", "A man about to cut out a piece of cake"]
["A male skate boarder rides his skate board on a ramp", "A man hovering in midair while on a skateboard.", "A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "a person riding a skate board at a skate park", "A skateboarder with a black jacket and hat riding a skateboard on a ramp."]
["A man on a skateboard performing a trick.", "A man flying through the air on top of a skateboard.", "A person on a skateboard in the air at a skate park.", "A male skateboarder skateboards on a wall in an enclosed area", "A male on a skateboard performing a trick on a halfpipe. "]
["a man standing on a skate board on the top of a ramp", "A boy in blue clothing skateboarding on a ramp.", "A skateboarder rides a rail on a ramp.", "A boy is grinding his skateboard along the edge of a halfpipe.", "a man is grinding on a skateboard on a ramp"]
["A man holding a very large knife standing in a foggy alley.", "A man wearing a trenchcoat and holding a large knife stands against a smoky night background.", "A man dressed in a hat and all black is holding a butcher knife in his hand and their is fog in the background.", "A dark photo of a man in a black suit holding a knife.", "A man dressed in black is holding a large sharp knife."]
["A survival kit containing a variety of items.", "Assorted electronic devices sitting on top of a towel on green grass.", "A towel in the grass with life saving equipment. ", "A survival kit including knife, watch, lighter and cell phone.", "a camping safety pack open on the grass showing its contents"]
["The contents of a bag placed out on a blanket.", "a scarf on a deck with personal items and a cell phone", "The contents of someone's pockets laid out on a scarf", "A cloth sheet with various hiking and and travel gear items on it.", "Various pieces of survival gear spread on a piece of fabric. "]
["A young man is trying to pull off a skateboarding trick over a large rock. ", "A guy does tricks on his skateboard at night in the city. ", "A boy jumping with a skateboard over a rock at night.", "A skateboarder ollies over a boulder at night", "A skate boarder doing jumps at night on city street."]
["This smiling skateboarder performs tricks in the skateboard park.", "A boy on a skateboard rides up a ramp.", "A person on the skateboard doing a trick on a ramp.", "A boy skate boarding on a ramp at night.", "A man is doing a trick on a skateboard."]
["A man riding a skateboard through the air.", "A man in a skate park performing tricks on a skate board.", "Man in a cap doing tricks on a skateboard.", "A boy on a skateboard doing a trick on a slope.", "A skater flips his skateboard in an alley at night."]
["A boy is jumping in the air with his skateboard at the top of a skateboard ramp. ", "A skateboarder in the middle of performing a trick.", "A person does a trick on a skateboard in the air", "A man riding a skateboard on top of a ramp.", "A skate boarder with a hat is airborne."]
["A man riding a skateboard off the side of a cement ramp.", "A young man is doing a trick on a skate board.", "A person is on a skateboard trying to ride a wall.", "a skateboarder with a black shirt is doing a trick", "A man on a skateboard is grinding a ramp"]
["A person doing a skateboard trick up a bowl", "A skateboarder jumping up on a ramp at night.", "a person on a skate board does a trick on a ramp ", "A young man ridding a skateboard up a ramp at a park.", "A boy on a skateboard doing tricks in a skate park."]
["A skateboarder performing a trick on the edge of a ramp.", "A set of steps is stopping a skateboarder from jumping the curb. ", "A male performing skateboarding tricks on a skateboard ramp and stairs.", " A skateboarder performing a trick at a skate park.", "A youth on a skateboard making a jump in a skate park."]
["A man doing a trick on a skate board.", "a man on a skateboard rides his board at the park", "A skateboarder rides on a curved surface beneath a purple sky.", " Man riding a skateboard at the skate park", "A man is doing a trick on his board at dusk"]
["A young woman riding a skateboard at a skate park.", "A girl on a skateboard doing a trick jumping off a step.", "A young woman performs a trick on a skate board.", "Young lady mid jump on a skateboard at a skateboard park.", "A young girl having fun going down the stairs on her skate board"]
["A young man skateboarding while listening to music. ", "A skateboarder skates while the background blurs past him.", "A man who is riding on a skateboard.", "a teen boy riding a skateboard down the sidewalk next to some stairs ", "A young man riding a skateboard next to cement steps."]
["A man flying through the air while on a skateboard.", "A man doing a trick on a skateboard on a ramp.", "A person doing a trick on a skateboard at a skate park.", "a man flying above part of a skatepark with his skate park", "A man is doing a skateboard trick in a cement bowl."]
["A man that is riding a skateboard up a ramp.", "A boy doing a trick on a skateboard off of a ramp.", "Someone doing tricks on their skateboard in the air at a skate park. ", "A young person performing a trick on a skateboard at a park..", "A person on a skateboard riding on a ledge. "]
["A man riding a skateboard down a bunch of steps.", "The young man is practicing his tricks on the skateboard. ", "Motion capture photograph of a person doing a trick on a train.", "A time lapse photo of a man jumping a skateboard down a set of stairs.", "Young men in jeans skateboarding on concrete steps."]
["A man riding a skateboard at a skate park.", "A person is riding a skateboard in a skateboard park.", "A skateboarder is skating around a colorfully painted arena.", "someone is on a skateboard at a park", "A boy is on a skate board near some graffiti."]
["A man who is riding a skateboard down the street.", "A boy riding on a skateboard in the street.", "A person on a skate board riding the down the street.", "A boy rides a skateboard down an empty street.", "A boy with a skateboard is riding down a residential street."]
["some people are on skateboards at a skate park", "A skateboard park with many skateboarders doing different stunts ", "The young man is practicing his tricks on his skateboard.", "An edited photo showing a single boy performing various skateboard tricks in a single picture.", "A kid performs many tricks while at the skate park."]
["A young man with a skateboard on the road", "A smiling teenager posing in the road with his skateboard.", "A boy holding a skateboard on its end in the middle of the street ", "A man standing in the street with a skateboard. ", "A Man poses with his skateboard in front of a mountain."]
["A plate with rice, carrots, bacon, and a small potato. ", "A plate with rice, carrots and meat. ", "Rice, carrots, and meat on  plate at a table setting.", "A plate of food with meat, rice, and vegetables.", "A white plate topped with veggies, rice and salad."]
["a couple of people on skis ride on the snow ", "A couple of women riding skis on top of a ski covered slope.", "two ladies holding skying poles with glasses on", "Two women on skis looking down a snowy hill.", "Two woman standing on a hill of snow with ski poles. "]
["A bowl with carrots and a spoon sitting on a plate.", "A bowl full of a certain fruit with a utensil in it. ", "A bowl filled with cantaloupe and a spoon on a platter.", "The clear bowl is full of pieces of cut up carrots.", "The food is ready to be eaten on the table. "]
["A half eaten hot dog being held in a hand at a baseball game.", "A close up shot of a hot dog held by someone at a baseball game ", "a hand holding a hot dog at a baseball game", "A half-eaten hotdog with a baseball stadium backdrop.", "Person holding hotdog at a professional baseball game"]
["a hot dog stand in a city with people", "A group of people standing by a street food vendor at night.", "A street cart vendor busy at night selling food", "Food cart owner, under umbrella, serving people food.", "Very bright lights shine on the vender's cart."]
["A young man riding a skateboard down a street holding a 99 cent store bag.", "An older man is skate boarding down the street,", "A man in plaid shirt on skateboard in street.", "A man carrying a grocery bag rides a skateboard.", "An older man carrying a bag of items on a skateboard."]
["A person on a snowboard in the snow.", "A snowboarder stands with one foot in the bindings on a snowy slope.", "A woman standing next to a snow board on a snow covered slope.", "a person riding a snow boad on a snowy surface", "A person standing on the snowboard on top of the snow. "]
["Two hot dogs covered in cheese and tomatoes in a carton.", "Two subs with tomatoes and cheese in each.", "Two hot dogs with chili, cheese and tomatoes.", "There are two sandwiches with tomatoes on top.", "Two hot dogs sitting in a box covered in tomatoes and mustard."]
["A bacon wrapped hotdog on a bun with onions", "A bacon wrapped hot dog on a bun topped with purple onions.", "A bacon wrapped hotdog is sitting on a plate.", "A hot dog on a bun topped with onions.", "A bacon wraped hotdog with onion on it."]
["A man flying through while riding a skateboard.", "A young man on a skate board high in the air near some steps.", "A boy in glasses and a cap skateboarding down some stairs. ", "A man doing a jumping trick over a concrete floor and steps in the outdoors.", "a man on skateboard jumping over some stairs."]
["A man with a skate board is posing in an elevator.", "A man reacts as he holds a skate board above his head.", "A young person is holding a skateboard over their head.", "A man in a red shirt is holding a skate board up over his head.", "Man with gauges holding board over his head"]
["A grilled hot dot on a bun sitting on a plate next to corn chips.", "A hotdog on a bun with a few chips", "A hotdog is on a plate with some Doritos.", "an image of a plate with hot dog and chips", "A large hotdog is next to chips on a plate."]
["A woman that is sitting down holding a hotdog.", "A young woman holding a sandwich at a table.", "there is a woman holding food at a table", "A woman is eatting a hotdog at a wooden table", "The young woman is seated at the table for lunch, holding a hotdog."]
["A woman preparing food at a cart next to the street.", "a person behind a stand with meats and vegetables", "A food stand in an open market has trays of food.", "A variety of street food available for sale. ", "A woman at a vending booth with various food."]
["A person holding a hot dog with lots of fixings on it.", "THIS IS A PICTURE OF A LOADED HOT DOG", "a hand holding a hot dog wrapped in white paper", "A person holding a hot dog on a bun.", "Somebody took a bite out of a hot dog. "]
["A person that is holding some food in her hand.", "A hand that is holding a hotdog covered in condiments. ", "Someone holding up a hot dog sandwich with all the fixings.", "Person holding up a hot dog with toppings", "That sausage sandwich has peppers and onion on it."]
["A young man riding a skateboard down a sidewalk.", "a man is doing a trick on a skateboard", "A youth attempting skateboard tricks in an industrial lot.", "He has found an appropriate place to practice his skateboarding.", "A child is on a skateboard in a garage."]
["A group of people walking under a parking lot with skateboards.", "Many people skateboard on their skateboards underneath a bridge. ", "Boys skate boarding under a via-dock bridge that has colorful graffiti.", "several kids skate boarding under a bridge painted with graffiti ", "a ma is skateboarding at a skate park"]
["A sandwich that has a sandwich and chips on it.", "A large club sandwich with bacon, lettuce and tomato and chips.", "a plate with a sandwich and chips on it ", "A BLT sandwich on a plate along with some potato chips and a pickle.", "A plate of potato chips and sandwich, next to a glass of water."]
["A person holds a seven eleven hot dog into the air.", "A HOT DOG TOO LONG FOR ITS BUN", "a man that is holding a large hot dog", "The person is holding a hot dog wrapped in a napkin. ", "A man holding a 711 hot dog in their left hand."]
["A man riding a skateboard on a stone bench.", "A black-and-white photo of a man doing a trick on a skateboard.", "A PERSON IS SKATE BOARDING ON THE SIDE WALK", "A little boy skating at the public park.", "People walking past a boy skateboarding in a covered plaza"]
["Set of three plates sitting on a small metal display.", "A table with a filled three tier dessert plate, cups, teapots, and napkins.", "A small table set for tea and biscuits.", "Plates of food and drinks are sitting on a table.", "A small table set with pastries and tea"]
["Someone wearing a pink snow suit stands on a snowboard.", "A person getting on a snowboard while another person carries their snowboard up the slope.", " a person standing on a ski board on a snowy surface.", "A man standing on top of a snowboard on a snow surface", "Person in pink snow gear on a snowboard."]
["A skateboarder is riding along a blue pipe.", "A snow boarder grinds a pipe protruding from the ground", "A man in a blue helmet standing on a ski board.", "a snowboarder with green pants is riding on a pipe", "a man attemping a snowboard trick down a pipe"]
["A man riding a snowboard across snow covered ground.", "A man riding a snowboard down a snow slope.", "A man going snowboarding in the snow at night. ", "A guy snowboarding on a small patch of snow at night.", "A man standing on a snowboard on a small patch of snow at night."]
["A knife is sitting on a plate of food", "A giant, multi-layered sandwich cut up and partially eaten.", "Two knifes sitting on a plate with food. ", "A sharp knife sits next to a pita sandwich.", "A sandwich sitting on top of a pan next to a knife.", "a big sandwich laying on a big plate with some knives "]
["A girl sitting on a stone wall and eating.", "A young woman is posing for a camera.", "A woman holding food in a napkin and posing for a bite.", "A woman eating food and posing for a picture.", "Woman eating something while sitting on a stone tablet outside."]
["a man takes a bite of a doughnut ", "A long haired man is eating a pink doughnut", "The man is holding a pink iced doughnut.", "a man holding a partially eaten donut with pink frosting on it", "A man poses while holding a pink doughnut."]
["a young snowboarder getting air during a jump ", "The snowboarder wearing a helmet is jumping over a hill. ", "A person performs a jump on a snowboard on a snowy hill.", "A snowboarder soars several feet above a snowy hill.", "A snowboarder is performing a jump on a ski slope."]
["Doughnuts are going down the assembly line in the factory.", "A donut making machine is processing some donuts.", "A donut factory with donuts on a conveyor belt ", "A fryer that moves donuts down the fryer.  ", "An assembly line with doughnuts moving through an automated fryer on it."]
["a woman standing near glass looking at the preparation of fresh donuts", "A person that is looking at some donuts.", "a woman with her hands on the glass looking at donuts", "a person leaning on a glass looking at doughnuts being made", "A woman looks with anticipation at a rack of donuts going through the glazer at a donut making facility. "]
["A man holding a half eaten chocolate donut", "A man is eating a donut while using the computer in his bathrobe.", "A man in a robe eating a chocolate donut.", "A hairy man eating a chocolate doughnut in his house", "A man is holding a donut with a bite taken out of it."]
["A man skillfully shows off on his snowboard.", "young person on a surfboard in the dark", "A man with a helmet and gloves on standing on a surfboard in the snow. ", "a boy snow board at night by himself.", "A young person rides a snowboard at night."]
["A young man snow boarding on a fence rail.", "A snowboarder jumping on a wooden railing in the middle of some snow.", "A snowboarder is trying to do a trick. ", "A man riding a snowboard on top of a wooden rail.", "There is a man jumping on a snowboard."]
["A guy on a snow board in the dark.", "Snow boarder riding during the night over a fence.", "A man is doing a grind on a snowboard", "A young man riding a snowboard on top of a rail.", "Snowboarder riding on railing at night during winter."]
["a person that is snowboarding down a hill", "a snowboarder jumps off of a hill instead of just sliding down it", "Person on a snowboard in mid air next to snowy mountain.", "A snowboarder jumps a steep and snowy slope.", "A man performs a leap on his snowboard."]
["The man is trying to eat three hot dogs are the same time. ", "black and white image of a man holding many hot dogs in buns and eating them", "A person biting into a hot dog while holding several other hot dogs in buns.", "A man eating hot dogs two at a time.", "A man eating two hot dogs at the same time."]
["a man laying on a pile of snow next to a snowboard inside of a building.", "A store display shows a snowboarder lying in fake snow.", "A display of a snowboarder in wipeout fills an area.", "A display of a snowboarder that fas fallen", "Someone dressed in a snow suit on the groud ."]
["A man riding a snowboard on top of a snow covered slope.", "guy with white jacket against the white snow on his snow board", "A snowboarder is going down a snowy hill.", "A man is on his ski board in the snow. ", "A man who is performing a trick on a snowboard."]
["This skate boarder is leaning back on his board. ", "Smiling person on a snow board tilting to the side.", "S snowboarder is leaning on her snow board.", "A women posing for the camera on a snowboard", "A guy wearing snow gear smiling while snowboarding. "]
["A young man ridding a snowboard sliding down a railing in the snow.", "A man riding on a snowboard as he performs a stunt.", "A man on a snowboard performing a trick.", "A guy rides a snowboard on a long railing.", "a boy is doing a trick on a snowboard"]
["A guy on a snowboard doing tricks on a rail.", "A young snow boarder riding up a ramp.", "A snowboarder doing tricks on a railing in the snow.", "A man on a snow board doing a trick", "A snowboarder is doing tricks on a rail."]
["A person on a snowboard is sitting in the snow.  ", "A snowboarder sits on the snow near a net.", "A man sits in the snow while breaking from snowboarding", "Snowboarder at base of the mountain sitting in the snow", "A snowboarder sitting down with his snowboard on his feet.  "]
["A group of people standing next to a portable golf course.", "people standing around a mini gold course by a donut shop", "An older man in blue shirt looking at an object", "A little golf game is next to a donut shop.", "a person signing autographs outside of a donuts shop"]
["Two men and a woman standing in a parking lot by a doughnut shop.", "Three people are standing outside of Randy's Donuts.", "Three people standing in a parking lot outside of a donut shop that has a large donut on the top of the building.", "Three people are standing outside of Randy's Donuts which is a huge sign of a donut.", "Three people standing outside in front of a doughnut shop"]
["A white plate topped with donuts sitting on a stove top.", "The donuts on the plate have been half eaten.", "A plate with fried pastries sitting on a stove top.", "a close up of a plate of doughnuts on a table", "Some donut are on a round white plate."]
["Two pieces of bread with a leafy green on top of it.", "This finger food is topped with a green leaf", "There is a little green garnish on top of the sandwich.", "a piece of food with a green leaf on it", "A rice cake is topped with green garnish."]
["a close up of a hot dog next to a drink on a table", "A Philly cheese steak with chips and a drink.", "an image of a table setting with a hot dog", "A table holding a basket with a hotdog, chips and a drink.", "A sandwich with mustard and potato chips on wax paper and a glass."]
["A female professional tennis player engaged in competition.", "A woman tennis player prepares to hit the ball.", "A tennis player on a blue court swinging at a ball.", "A female tennis player on the court for a match.", "A woman prepares to make a backhand shot in a tennis match."]
["Sugar donuts sitting in a white paper bag.", "Two sugary donuts are in the bottom of a bag.", "Two glazed donuts sitting in a paper bag. ", "Two glazed doughnuts in a see through pastry bag.", "Two glazed donuts sitting in a white  bag."]
["a brown donut on some white paper on a red counter", "A donut sitting on top of a piece of tissue paper.", "A glazed donut sits on a wrapper on a table. \n", "A donut with icing sitting on tissue paper. ", "A donut on top of a paper sitting on a table."]
["A leveled platter filled with donuts with a plastic couple on top", "Two dolls standing on top of a pile of cronuts.", "a close up of a many pastries on display next to fake small people", "A happy wedding topping surrounded by sweet doughnuts.", "A bobble head bride and groom set are in the middle of the donut stand."]
["A man shows off a bags of treats.", "A man standing and holding his hand out with food in it.", "A man holding a pastry in his hand under an enclosure.", "A man is showing off his dessert on both of his hands.", "A man standing holding food in his hand."]
["A table with a plates of food and drink arranged on top.", "a close up of two plates of food with a drink", "Two sets of pastry sitting on white plates next to a coffee cup. ", "a glass of orange juice places next to a cup of coffee", "Table set for breakfast with a breakfast sandwich, danish, juice and a coffee."]
["A counter filled with fried donuts line up in rows.", "Rows of doughnuts are on a counter as several are on wax paper.", "a bunch of donuts on a tray and more coming out", "The donuts are being freshly made in the shop.", "Doughnuts sitting on a table in a bakery."]
["there is a surfer flying a kite at the beach", "A parasailer surfs the coast of a windy beach.", "Person standing at the water flying a huge kite.", "A person holding on to a para-sail standing in the surf.", "The person is on the beach flying a kite. "]
["A bakery with customer at the counter and various types of donuts in the display case in front of the customers.", "People are standing behind the bakery counter. ", "Ladies in a doughnut shop looking for a treat. ", "Women standing in front of bakery case with doughnuts", "A lot of donuts that are in a tray."]
["A woman and girl watching donuts being made through a window.", "a person smiling and standing before a window watching a rotating  belt of donuts.", "A group of people watching donuts moving down an assembly line.", "People are watching doughnuts get made in a doughnut shop.", "many people behind a glass watching doughnuts being made"]
["A dinner table shot of a person holding a sandwhich accompanied by fries and beverages ", " a person eating a burger and fries on his plate", "Someone holding a burger with a jar of beer. ", "A hand is holding a half eaten sandwich.", "A half eaten burger with a plate of fries next to mason jars."]
["A man holding a gigantic donut in a napkin.", "Man in sunglasses holds up large sugar doughnut", "A man with a giant glazed donut in his hand.", "there is a man holding up a very large donut", "a man is holding a large soft pretzel"]
["A cake sitting on top of a table.", "A cake designed to look like a bear on a table", "A cake is made to look like a teddy bear", "A cake decorated to look like a teddy bear.", "A teddy bear that looks like it was made out of chocolate. "]
["a teddy bear shaped cake resting on a cutting board", "The cake is shaped like a teddy bear.", "A teddy bear cake with a candle and sparklers.", "A bear shaped cake with lit candles inserted.", "A cake shaped like a bear has a sparkler and candle on it."]
["A lady is holding a pretzel with a cheese backing.", "Person holding a pretzel with cheese and a bag.", "A soft pretzel with cheese has a bite taken out of it.", "A person holding a sandwich made out of pretzels, cheese, and deli sliced meat.", "A person holds a pretzel with cheese on it. "]
["A large sandwich on a plate, with a small bowl of potato salad. ", "A pastrami sandwich with potato salad on a plate.", "A prepared sandwich, with a side of potato salad.", "A plate with a roast beef sandwich with coleslaw and a side plate of potato salad. ", "A plate that has a sandwich and some potato salad on it."]
["Two people walking towards a beach holding surfboards.", "Two surfers make their way to the water carrying surfboards.", "Four people walkint down to a beach with two of them carrying surfboards.", "A group of people with surfboards walk on the path.", "People carrying blue surf boards down a bath to the beach."]
["A display case filled with lots of different cakes.", "Many different colorful decorated cakes on the table.  ", "A bunch of very pretty nicely decorated cakes on display.", "A view of a bunch of birthday cakes through the window.", "A store front window shows a variety of decorative cakes."]
["a burger and a pickle sit on a plate", "A burger is stacked with tomatoes, onion, lettuce and a pickle on the side.", "A white plate topped with a hamburger and a pickle.", "A large sandwich has cheese, tomato and onions while a pickle sits next to it on a white plate.", "A plate holding a hamburger topped with tomatoes and onions."]
["A person dipping a sandwich into a bowl of soup.", "A hand is dipping pizza into marinara sauce", "Dipping a piece of tomato grilled cheese into tomato soup.", "A person dipping a toasted sandwich in side a bowl of tomato soup.", "His spoon was in the bowl but he dipped his pizza in the soup instead."]
["A plate topped with two grilled sandwiches and a knife.", "Two toasts in a plate with a knife and a fork.A pipe for smoking on the table.", "A pipe and a plate of food on a table.", "On a desk sits a plate with sandwiches, a book and various items.", "a close up of a plate with food"]
["A plate of food has some sesame seed bagels.", "A plate of two bagels and a stir fry  of vegetables ", "A plate is filled with a heaping mound of grilled fixings for two toasted buns.", "Meat and vegetable dish with two hamburger buns on a table.", "A plate of food with two breads on a table."]
["A fried and breaded sandwich is topped with preserves.", "A leftovers served sandwich on a blue plate.", "That does not look like something I would want to eat.", "Two slices of toast with toppings on a blue plate.", "A sandwich sits on a small blue plate."]
["A very long table full of different kinds of food, which people are lining up to eat", "A group of people eating at a buffet type setup.", "A long buffet table of food with people standing around it.", "A group of ladies enjoy a grand buffet.", "People are taking plates of food from a very long table."]
["Takeout food lies nestled in white paper with serrated edges.", "A colorful filled pastry in a white napkin.", "A hot dog bun stuffed with a number of toppings.", "A hot dog with lots of toppings in a basket with a fork.", "A hot dog bun with chili, coleslaw in a piece of wax paper with serrated edges."]
["A man bits in to food as a crowd of people mills around behind him. ", "Man biting into burger with a large festival behind him", "A man earing food from a wrapper while standing next to people.", "A man eating at a place where several people are gathered outdoors.", "A man taking a bite of food at a fair. "]
["A MAN WITH A BIRTHDAY CUPCAKE BLOWING OUT CANDLES", "A man blowing out three candles on a cupcake.", "a man blowing out some candles on a cupcake ", "A man blowing out candles on a cupcake.", "The man is holding a cupcake with 3 candles in it."]
["A birthday cake with candles in it sitting on a table. ", "A cake sitting on top of a plate in a kitchen.", "A homemade cake with white frosting and neon candles.", "A plate with a very big pile of cake with candles.", "A cake on a plate on a table "]
["A young man holding a cup cake with lit candles sticking out of it.", "a guy holding a cupcake with 2 lit up candles ", "A cupcake with two birthday candles burning on it.", "A man smiling holding a cupcake with two candles lit.", "an image of a man in the kitchen holding a cupcake"]
["People are sitting at a table drinking a beverage.", "Two people drink from cups underneath a bunk bed. ", "A couple of people below bunk bed looking at camera.", "two males a blue plate and drinks and a bed", "Two young men in the lower bunk of a train car."]
["Man laying on bed with shirt open looking into device for picture.", "A may laying in on a bed with his right breasteses hanging out.", "Man laying down on a bed with his shirt open. ", "A man with his shirt open lying in bed.", "Man lying down on bed with shirt open in bedroom"]
["A white bed topped with a book surrounded by large windows.", "A book laying on a bed with wood posts and white fabric tied to the posts, with a view of the woods outside the window.", "a book sitting on a bed with nature in back", "a book on a bed over looking some woods", "A white canopy hangs over a white bedspread with a book overlooking a woodland."]
["A man is laying in a bed next to a window.", "There is a person sleeping in a small cabin", "A room with a man laying in a bed and another bed across from him with a window in the middle of the room.", "A man relaxes on a bed in a small room. ", "A man laying down on one of two beds."]
["A large golden cake is on a cooling rack.", "A close shot of a cake on top of a cooling rack.", "A cake on a plate on a counter. ", "A cake on a cooling rack with oven mitts to the side.", "A piece of food that is on top of a shelf."]
["A TV sitting in a room at the end of a bed.", "A television in a bedroom turned on in the dark.", "A TV sitting at the end of a bed, with drapes on it.", "The television is in front of the lavish bed", "a television is at the end of a bed"]
["A tv screen with sponge bob on it's display.", "A cartoon is playing on a television at the foot of a bed.", "a bed with a tv an a cable box", "A television in a bedroom showing cartoons on", "A dark room with a tv playing spongebob squarepants"]
["A laptop computer sitting on a bed by someones feet.", "A lap top is on a bed near a flower and some pictures.", "A blurry picture of two people watching a laptop.", "A view of two people sitting and watching something on a laptop screen.", "A person in bed watching a video on a laptop."]
["A person sitting indian style on top of a bed.", "Someone is sitting Indian style in front of some books and a toy. ", "A person with their legs crossed sitting in front of a stuffed animal rabbit and several books.", "A person in jeans sits cross legged with a stuffed bunny and books in front of them.", "The stuffed animal is reading about other countries."]
["A man sleeps with his headphones in and a light on.", "A man sleeps on a bed with headphones in his ears.", "A man laying on a bed listening to his headphones", "A man laying in bed while listening to ear buds.", "A guy sleeping in bed with ear buds in his ears."]
["An individual is holding a book and reading it in its bed. ", "A person laying in bed holding a book in their hand.", "A person laying in bed holding an open book.", "A person reading a book while lying in bed.", "Person laying down reading a book at night."]
["A person is sleeping on one side of the bed.", "A small bedroom has a dresser, unmade bed and a fireplace.", "The tall dresser is between a bed and a window.", "A brown bed frame with a bed on top of it.", "a bed room with a bed a drawer and a window"]
["A California king sized bed sits under a white canopy.", "Large bed with canopy and white drapes in room with lots of windows.", "A bed with white covers and a white canopy.", "a bed room with a canopy with large windows", "A nearly made bed with a cover and shut windows. "]
["A surfer in a wetsuit riding a wave", "A surfer rides a wave in the ocean.", "A man on a surfboard riding a wave.", "A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "A man in a wet suit riding a high wave on his surfboard. "]
["A couple of pizzas baking inside of an oven.", "An open oven containing two thick crust pizzas.", "A pizza on the top rack of an oven.", "An over with the door open and two pizzas inside, one on a pizza stone and one on a wire rack.", "a couple of pizza in a overn with the door open"]
["A bed with a blanket and pillows on top of it.", "an image of a bedroom setting with a bed and bench", "A bedroom with a bed, desk, chair and lamps. ", "Bedroom with a large bed and a laptop on a desk.", "a bed room with a neatly made bed and a desk"]
["The book was laying on the unmade bed.", "A UNRAVELED BED WITH A BLUE AND WHITE BED SPREAD", "Bedroom scene with stuff on the bed and clothes piled on a chair.", "a blue bed is in a room with two lamps", "A bed with disheveled pillows and blankets in a bedroom."]
["A pizza topped with cheese and pepperoni with veggies.", "A pepperoni pizza is shown is close up view.", "A pizza with pepporoni's, peppers, cheese, sauce and herbs.", "Closeup of a cooked pepperoni, cheese and green pepper pizza.", "Hot and spicy pork sausage jalapeno pepper pizza."]
["A man holds a surfboard as others stand in the background. ", "A man walking along a seawall carrying a light red surf board.", "A man standing up and holding a surfboard in his arms.", "A man wearing a wet suit and carrying a pink surfboard.", "A man carrying a surfboard near the ocean "]
["An uncut pizza sits on a serving plate", "There is a large pizza on a plate", "A pizza and a person with a pizza cutter on a blue table.", "A delicious pizza sitting on a table next to a bottle of alcohol.", "A person getting ready to cut up a pizza on a blue table."]
["A pizza on top of a white plate covered in greens.", "A plate with a pizza next to two wine glasses.", "A plate of odd looking pizza next to two wine glasses and eye glasses case.", "A pizza with greens and cheese next to wine glasses.", "Assortment of fresh herbs with cheese o pizza served with wine."]
["A pizza on a metal pan with people sitting around a table.", "A whole pizza pie with many different toppings sitting on a pizza stand.", "A whole pizza sits on a pan on the table.", "A pizza loaded in many types of toppings.", "A pizza with several toppings served on a tray"]
["The compact workspace is well-furnished, neat and organized.", "Three computer monitors stand on a wood table with a black keyboard.", "The desk has multiple computers set up. ", "a laptop a desktop and a big computer screen showing information ", "Well organized and useful desk set up with electronics."]
["A white couch sits in the middle of a very nice looking room.", "A living room is shown with couches and lamps.", "Nicely decorated living room area that looks very comforting and inviting", "A white couch sitting in a living room next to a coffee table.", "A living room with a white couch and small coffee table"]
["The monitor is displaying a website for iTV.", "A stuffed animal sits in front of a computer.", "The teddy bear is facing toward the computer keyboard.", "There is an at home computer monitor and key board.", "A computer monitor with a teddy bear next to it"]
["With their legs up on the furniture and the tv on, they sat in a living room setting of a house.", "SOMEONE HAS THERE FOOT ON THE COFFEE TABLE WHILE WATCHING TV", "the person takes a photo of their dimmely lit living room and tv", "Someone has their feet on a table with a television on in front of them.", "A person sitting down with their foot on the coffee table."]
["There are plant and a tv on the table. ", "A table holding several plants and a television and DVD.", "A table has a television and some plants on top of it.", "A tv sits on top of a wooden table near plants.", "A short table with a on the television on top of it."]
["a television set a brown couch a table and pictures", "A tv screen, couch, books and table in a room", "An old movie being shown on a big screen TV.", "A living room with the TV on, displaying an old movie.", "a television is turned on in a living room"]
["A hotel room complete with a bed, desk and television.", "A picture of a tv that is on a shelf.", "A small hotel room with a TV and a wooden desk.", "a small room with a tv a small desk and a chair", "A television set sits on a shelf next to a desk near a hallway that is lined with a closet."]
["A tennis player wearing white is holding a racket.", "A man dressed in white is playing tennis.", "A male tennis player dressed in white and a white baseball cap, holding a tennis racket with two hands.", "there is a male tennis player that is on the court", "A man is preparing to hit a tennis ball."]
["A man swinging a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.", "Athlete in action during match play on court.", "A tennis player is holding his racket upside down.", "A man on a tennis court with a racquet.", "A close up of a man holding his Tennis racket. "]
["A young blond woman swinging a tennis racquet at a ball.", "The woman tennis player is hitting the tennis ball.", "a woman swinging to hit a tennis ball", "A women who is swinging a tennis racket.", "The woman is playing tennis on the court."]
["A photo of a man swinging a tennis racket.", "A man returns the tennis ball using his racquet.", "A man swinging at the ball in a game of tennis.", "A male tennis player swings his racket to hit an oncoming ball. ", "The man is playing tennis on the court. "]
["A man enjoying a glass of wine with his Italian dinner.", "A man is at a table with three plates of food.", "A man is sitting down, holding a glass of wine, with three plates of food. ", "A man holding a glass of wine, sitting at table filled with food.", "there is a man sitting at a table with pizza holding a glass of whine"]
["A young man holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.", "A man makes a backhand shot in a tennis match on a clay court.", "A young man playing tennis on a tennis court.", "A man plays tennis on a tennis court.", "a man is playing tennis on a court"]
["A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A professional tennis player about to make his serve", "a close up of a tennis player holding a racket and ball", "A professional tennis player getting set to make a serve", "A man holding a tennis ball and a tennis racket on a tennis court."]
["A man on a dirt tennis court is crouched in position.", "Tennis player prepares to play with racket in his hands. ", "A tennis player squats low in preparation for the serve.", "A man in a white shirt and black pants holds a tennis racket.", "Playing tennis requires crouching like a hidden tiger. "]
["A woman in a short skirt holding a tennis racquet.", "A female tennis player holding a tennis racket.", "Female tennis player holding racket in white top and skirt.", "this tennis player stands waiting for her opponents serve", "A tennis playing holding her racket with shorts"]
["A woman in a short pink skirt holding a tennis racquet.", "A woman is standing while holding a tennis racket.", "A female tennis player is positioning herself for her next move.", "A young girl is holding a tennis racket.", "A woman in a skirt is holding a tennis racket"]
["A tennis player is holding a racket with both hands.", "a tennis player holding a racket on a court", "A man in white shirt and shorts playing tennis.", "a plan in a blue hat playing tennis, waiting for ball", "A man is in position to play tennis on a court."]
["A female tennis player is on the court playing.", "A young tennis player holding her racquet during a game", "a professional female tennis player on a red clay court", "Woman holding tennis racket on red clay court.", "A woman holds a tennis racquet and waits for the ball."]
["A tennis player holding a racket and a tennis ball.", "A man has a tennis racquet and ball in hand.", "A man wearing a hat and holding a racquet.", "A man wearing a head band prepares to hit the ball.", "A man holding a tennis racket and tennis ball."]
["A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A man in green holds his tennis racket during a game.", "A tennis player holding a racket at the court", "there is a male tennis player wearing a green and red shirt", "A man in shorts is holding a tennis racket"]
["A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "The tennis player has a match on a clay court with an audience.", "An overview of a game of tennis with a crowd watching.", "a tennis player getting ready to swing a racket", "A tennis player runs towards the ball during a match."]
["a group of people siting a a table with plates of food ", "Two people  seated at a table with other people in the background.", "A man and a woman preparing to seat pizza and an outdoor restaurant.", "there is a man and a woman sitting at a table smiling", "Man and woman at an outdoor restaurant smiling for camera."]
["A crowd shot of a tennis match at night time. ", "We are looking at a tennis match in progress.", "Night time tennis match on blue and green court.", "The people are playing tennis on the court", "a crowded tennis match being played at night"]
["a slice of lasagna on a plate with a fork", "Someone was served a big piece of deep dish pizza", "THIS TO ME LOOKS LIKE A GIANT PIECE OF LASANGNA PIZZA", "A slice of deep dish pizza sitting next to a fork.", "There is some food and a fork on the plate."]
["A living room with a large fireplace and potted plants sitting on it's mantle.", "A living room with a well used stone fireplace", "A room featuring a brick fireplace and hardwood floor.", "A paneled living room with a large brick fireplace.", "An unoccupied room with wooden flooring and a fireplace."]
["a living room containing a rug a table and some sofas", "A living room with oriental rug and beige furniture", "The living room has tan furniture and a red rug.", "A living room with beige furniture set and Persian rug.", "A living room with a giant red rub with brown furniture on top of it."]
["A brown table with white plate holding a pizza.", "a salad dish with a bowl around it in a restaurant ", "A taco salad topped with sour creme dressing on a white plate with fork and knife.", "A salad that has a white dressing on it.", "There is a plate of pizza with veggies on it"]
["a tennis player swinging a racket at a ball", "A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A man in black shirt and shorts playing tennis.", "A tennis player prepares to hit the ball.", "A person on a blue tennis court playing tennis. "]
["There are people playing a game of tennis.", "Group of men playing on a tennis court with crowd watching. ", "A group of people standing on a court holding racquets.", "A view of a double tennis match of men. ", "A group of guys are playing a round of tennis."]
["a small girl with sunglasses is hitting a tennis ball", "A young girl swings a tennis racket at a ball", "A young girl hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racket", "A small girl gets ready to hit a tennis ball.", "A young child attempting to hit a tennis ball."]
["A large pizza placed on top of table next to a wineglass ", "A rectangle pizza sitting on top of a wooden cutting board.", "A rectangular pizza served on a wooden cutting board", "A pizza is on top of a cutting board on a table.", "An oblong pizza with mushrooms is on a cutting board."]
["A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A picture of a man playing tennis on a red clay court.", "A tennis player prepares to hit the ball.", "A man in tennis gear swinging for a tennis ball with his racket.", "A tennis player lines up his racket for the ball."]
["A professional tennis player waiting for the ball.", "A young woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A female tennis player is preparing for a match", "Woman in black on clay tennis court awaiting serve.", "A woman playing tennis on a clay court."]
["A pizza sitting on top of a cutting board on a counter.", "a close up of a pizza on the table surrounded by beer and plates", "A clothed table and white tray holding a pizza next to glass of soda.", "A large pizza on a square white plate sitting on a table.", "A pizza with pepperonis, sausage and other toppings on a plate."]
["A few sliced of olive pizza sitting on a white plate.", "Three wedges of black olive pizza on a tray with a stuffed animal.", "A stuffed animal sitting in a pizza box with some slices of olive and cheese pizza.", "Three slices of cheese pizza with anchovies are in a box next to a stuffed animal. ", "Pizza slices in box with stuffed animal too."]
["A man and a little girl sitting at a table eating pizza.", "A man and young girl eating pizza on plates", "Man and girl eating pizza at a table.", "A man smiles next to a young child while they eat pizza.", "a close up of a n adult and a child at a table"]
["The man stands in the bathroom with no shirt on brushing his teeth.", "A young man with red hair brushing his teeth.", "a young man brushes his teeth in the bathroom", "A person brushing their teeth in front of a bathroom mirror.", "A shirtless guy stands in a small bathroom as he brushes his teeth with an electric toothbrush. "]
["A man is brushing his teeth with a toothbrush.", "A man brushing his teeth in a bathroom.", "A man brushing his teeth with his mouth wide open holding a tube of toothpaste in the other hand.", "Man brushing his teeth in front of a lit mirror. ", "A man brushing his teeth showing off his brand of toothpaste."]
["two children on a stool brushing their teeth", "Children brushing teeth in bathroom in front of mirror", "Two children are standing on a stool to brush their teeth. ", "A pair of children brush their teeth at a sink.", "Two small children, on wearing green Christmas pajamas stand on a stool and brush their teeth in the mirror"]
["A close up of a tooth brush and a blurred background of a man in a blue jacket facing the opposite direction. ", "A toothbrush with an out-of-focus background behind it.", "Blue and white toothbrush in focus in front of a man.", "a close up of a tooth brush with a person", "A man kneels in the dirt behind a toothbrush tied to the ground."]
["A circuit board sitting on top of a map.", "Remote with exposed electrical units with wires and keyboard", "A keyboard, a remote control, and two circuit boards with wires, all on top of a map.", "A remote control, various electronic componets, and a computer keyboard sitting on a map.", "someone has an electronic device torn apart "]
["Science project to operate a red, blue and green light", "A couple of different types of electronic parts.", "An electronic device setup with red, blue, and green lights.", "A light contraption with a electric wires and circuit board.", "On this table there is three colored lights, an electronic switchboard and a remote control."]
["A man holding a tooth brush up to his face.", "Man in red shirt eating something that is green.", "A man brushing his teeth outside his car.", "This man is outside on a sunny day next to his car.", "A man with eyeglasses seated and a car behind him"]
["A man is holding a Wii controller as if it were a baseball bat.", "A man pretending to bat a ball with his remote in his hands.", "A man in black holding a video game remote", "A young man playing baseball on his Wii video game console.", "A man in black shirt holding a Nintendo Wii controller."]
["a living room with a brown couch a table and a black cabinet", "Photo of a living room with a TV on the floor  and one on a stand, a person standing outside the door way.", "The man is going to the door to let his date in.", "A man walking past an empty living room. ", "a living room with a couch and a tv near a wall"]
["An older woman playing Wii Bowling with another girl.", "Two people standing in front of a tv holding remotes.", "a couple of people play a game in a room", "a lady that is playing some kind of wii game", "People playing Wii bowling in a modern library"]
["People playing video games while someone watches in a library", "People standing on a tile floor in a library.", "Three people are playing a video game in a book store.", "Three people standing next to each other in a bookstore.", "Three women standing in a library playing with a Wii. "]
["A living room has a couch and a rustic chest for a coffee table.", "A PHOTO OF A LIVING ROOM WITH COUCHES AND A TABLE ", "The couch is tidy but empty of people.", "A living room with a wooden crate coffee table", "A white couch sitting in a living room next to a wooden table."]
["A man brushing his teeth while taking a selfie.", "A man taking a selfie of himself brushing his teeth.", "Man brushing his teeth while taking a photo of himself.", "A man is brushing his teeth while holding a camera.", "A man taking a picture of himself as he brushes his teeth."]
["A large bottle of wine next to a WII remote on a table.", "a wine bottle on a table and a remote", "Video game remote wrapped around a bottle of wine", "A bottle of wine sitting beside a Nintendo Wii controller.", "A Wii controller and cord is wrapped around a bottle of wine."]
["Two young children are playing together on a Wii. ", "Two children in a room playing video games.", "two children playing nintendo wii in a living room", "There are two children playing with a WII.", "Two young kids playing on a Nintendo Wii."]
["A young guy standing by a mirror brushing his teeth.", "A man brushing his teeth in a mirror at a sink.", "A man brushing his teeth in front of a mirror.", "A man brushing his teeth in front of a bathroom mirror.", "A young man is brushing his teeth you can see his face in the mirror."]
["Two children are near a sink and one has a red toothbrush.", "Two children are brushing their teeth at the sink", "Two children standing at the sink brushing their teeth. ", "a little kid cleaning their toothbrush in the sink ", "Two small children standing at a sink brushing their teeth."]
["A little boy sleeping on a couch holding a Wii controller.", "A sleeping child holding a Wii controller in hand.", "A toddler sleeping on a couch with a video game controller in his hand.", "a baby boy falls asleep sitting up with a wii remote in his hand", "a close up of a child sleeping with holding a nintendo wii controller"]
["A young boy is sleeping on a black couch.", "A little toddler boy sleeping on his couch with a remote in his hand", "A little boy sleeping while holding a video game controller.", "A young boy sleeps on a couch while holding a controller.", "A kid that is sleeping on a sofa with a controller in its hand. "]
["A room with some chairs and a bookshelf.", "A room with a brick wall and several chairs around a black coffee table.", "A couple of chairs in a small room.", "A sitting area with a brick wall behind it around a coffee table.", "There are chairs and a shelf in a living room."]
["A boy playing a WII game at Christmas time.", "A kid is playing the Nintendo Wii. ", "a dog laying in front of a boy playing a video game", "A child playing Wii while a dog lies on the floor.", "A boy playing a game with a remote controller."]
["A young woman standing next to another young woman.", "Two women, with one holding a remote. ", "A woman holding a Wii remote with another woman in the background.", "Two people are having fun at a party.", "A woman is playing with a Wii controller."]
["Series of photos displaying inside of ones apartment.", "One picture has a couch and a coffee table, one has a bicycle, another has a two desks with chairs, and the largest picture has a kitchen bar and shelves with various items.", "There is a bike and furniture in the different rooms .", "A view of a living room with a couple of pictures.", "A series of photographs of a bike and an office."]
["A living room with a couch sitting under a round mirror.", "A living room is fully equipped with 80's style furniture and decor.", "A living room with a couch , coffee table and flowers", "A living room includes floral patterns and live flowers.", "A living room with a couch, coffee table and a mirror on the wall."]
["A group of people playing with a Wii together. ", "A group of people play Wii while an affectionate couple snuggles on the sofa.", "A group of people playing a video game in a living room.", "A group of people in a living room playing video games.", "Several people are doing something with remote controls."]
["A group of kids playing a video game system.", "A group of kids playing a game with remote controllers.", "Three children stand before a TV playing Wii. ", "some children playing a video game and a yellow chair", "Five children stand in front of the television playing a video game together. "]
["A man holding a child next to other adults.", "A man is holding a toddler while others do various things in the background. ", "Several people in living room watching a person holding remote play video game.", "a group of people in a room with a chair and a door", "A little girl carried by a guy while the others are playing, grabbing a chair and a passerby."]
["A man standing in a room next to a metal and red pole.", "a young asian boy with a wii controller in his hand ", "A man is standing while playing a game on the Wii.", "A young man holding a Wii remote in his hand.", "A man in white shirt playing a game with Nintendo Wii controller."]
["A couple of kids holding Nintendo Wii controllers while standing in a room.", "a woman and young boy playing a video game", "A woman and a boy looking up in a room with one other seated person.", "Two people standing holding wii remotes playing wii", "Two people are playing a game on the nintendo wii"]
["a woman and a kid playing with some wii motes", "Woman and boy standing playing a video game in front of them.", "a woman and kid playing a game on the wii", "Woman and boy playing video game near group of people sitting on folding chairs.", "A mother and child holding remotes playing a video game."]
["a living room with couches and a television", "A picture of a very nice clean living room.", "A living room with two couches and a coffee table", "A living room complete with couches and television.", "A living room with two brown sofas and a large window."]
["two males and a female in a pink top playing a video game", "some people standing around looking at something in front of them", "A man standing next to a woman in a  building.", "Two men and a woman are standing in a room filled with chairs.", "Two adults standing in a room while playing a Wii"]
["Group of young adults sitting in chairs while some hold wii remotes", "A room full of young kids sitting on chairs.", "Teenagers are sitting in small chairs looking forward.", "A group of students holding remotes from a game system.", "Another day at school to learn with Nintendo Wii programs."]
["Woman standing in living room using video game controls.", "A woman standing in her living room playing Wii.", "There is a woman that is ayi g with the wii in her room", "A woman standing next to a couch holding a Wii controller.", "Young woman playing WII in a furnished living room."]
["A person standing next to a couch holding a game controller.", "A man using video game controllers in front of a sofa.", "A man is crouched down playing a WII game.", "a guy playing wii in a living room", "A bearded man plays Wii in his living room"]
["A dog walking toward the camera behind a pair of shoes near a couch.", "A dog walking through a living room with furniture.", "A dog is standing in a room filled with furniture.", "a sitting area in a house with a dog", "A cute little dog standing in a room."]
["Two men play Wii sports in their living room.", "Two men standing in a living room playing with a Wii system.", "Two men play Wii together while a baby watches.", "Two men play a sports video game in a living room.", "Two men play a video game while an infant plays with toys nearby."]
["Two students are playing games at a party", "a man and woman the man has a game controller", "A boy and a girl playing what looks like the WII.", "A man and woman sitting down playing a video game together.", "Man and woman sitting next to each other "]
["three boys are enjoying a video game at home", "three asian friends are playing games on the wii", "Three young men are playing a video game.", "A group of people play video games with controllers.", "Three young guys are playing the Wii together. "]
["Two people playing with an interactive gaming unit.", "2 guys holding controllers playing a game on the Nintendo Wii", "The two young guys are playing a video game.", "The men are playing video games together in the room.", "a couple of men are holding game controllers"]
["A modern furnished living room with large fireplace.", "Modern living room with two chairs, a three bay window and fireplace.", "A living rooms featuring furniture and a fire place.", "A living room with a fireplace and contemporary furnishings.", "A beautiful home which is left with the door open to beautiful scenery."]
["Some hands holding up some remotes to a screen.", "Someone holding a controller in each of their hands", "A person holding a Wii remote in their hands in front of the television", "A remote control in each hand pointed towards a game on the television. ", "a closeup of two hands holding different pieces of a Wii controller"]
["A living room filled with furniture and a fire place.", "A living room contains seats, a table, and a fire place.", "A den with a chair, couch, table and mirror.", "A living room with the furniture arranged to view the fireplace", "A living space with a blend of elegant vintage decor and modern style.    "]
["A living room with couch, tables, and paintings.", "A living room contains a couch, chair, tables and a rug.", "a room that is filled with furniture and has white walls", "The living room has many pillows on the couches and chair.", "A living room filled with furniture and wooden floors."]
["A man who is playing a video game.", " a man playing with a wii mote ", "A man is playing with a WII video game.", "a man with a black book bag on his back playing the wii game ", "a man in a backpack is playing video games"]
["A dog is lying on the carpet of the living room.", "A dog lies on a floral rug near a living room window. ", "Living room with a sectional couch and a coffee table.", "A living room has a couch and a coffee table with books.", "A green sofa in a well lit living room"]
["a square wooden table in a home livingroom", "A TV hanging from a ceiling in a living room next to a  window.", "a living room with a couch a table and a night stand ", "Before and after pictures of a living room.", "The dog is resting on the floor in the living room."]
["A living area with chairs, a sofa and a fireplace.", "A couch, coffee table, and stand sitting in a living room by a window.", "a living room with a lot of chairs and a rug ", "A brightly lit and empty modern living room.", "A neatly arranged living room with chairs, tables, paintings and a sofa."]
["A women smiling really big while holding a Wii remote.", "A woman makes a face as she plays a video game.", "A young woman smiling holding a video game remote", "A WOMAN HOLDING A REMOTE IN HER HANDS.", "A girl is showing a goofy smile while holding a video game remote."]
["A living room with a brown leather couch and wood flooring", "A nice room with two windows, black and brown furniture and a white table.", "A picture of someone's living room with furniture and appliances.", "An apartment living room with black leather couch.", "A living room with two windows filled with furniture."]
["A person holding a Nintendo Wii controller in front of a small TV screen.", "A man playing video games in a carpeted area", "Man playing game on screen with a Nintendo Wii controller.", "a person playing nintendo wii at a convention", "A man playing a video game at a trade show."]
["A man holding a Wii game controller in his hands.", "A boy watching a person play with a wii remote.", "A couple of people are playing video games.", "two people one is holding a television game controller", "A man holds a Wii controller as a boy looks on."]
["A small living room with couches and an old tv", "a photo of a living room with a couch and a tv", "Decorated living room area with couches and plenty of large windows.", "A room with a couch, love seat, a chair, a television and several windows in it. ", "A living room with two couches and an old TV."]
["A computer sits on a small wooden desk.", "A home computer and chair at a desk.", "The computer desk has many CDs on it.", "a desk and chair with a PC keyboard and  computer screen", "A desk cluttered with compute equipment and office supplies and a a chair."]
["a computer monitor is on top of a glass desk", "A modern glass and metal desk with multiple computers on it.", "A metal and glass computer desk by a window.", "A computer monitor sitting on top of a computer desk.", "A computer atop a glass table near a window."]
["a chair and a couch in a room with art on the wall", "a living room with grey walls and some photos on the wall ", "A nicely decorated living room with a lot of pictures on the wall.", "A leather chair sitting next to a couch in a den.", "A living area with chair, sofa and pictures on wall."]
["A few bags laying around in a living room.", "A living room with a couch, two tables and a painting. ", "a living room with a couch and a bottle of wine", "a white couch a brown table with a bottle and glass", "Black bags sitting on top of a white couch in a living room. "]
["a living room that has some chairs and pillows in it", "a living room with a large sofa and chair with windows", "The interior of a living room is shown in modern style.", "A room with a glass coffe table and a couch and chair.", "Corner couch and ottoman near coffee table with vase of flowers."]
["A desktop computer on top of a wooden desks.", "A computer sitting on a fancy antique wooden desk next to a packed shelf.", "A room containing a computer, lamps, chair, books, and a desk.", "Computer sitting on a desk next to a book case and chair.", "The cluttered but organized room has a computer on an antique desk.  "]
["A silver computer mouse on a table next to a keyboard.", "A computer mouse is sitting next to a key board.", "An aerodynamic shaped computer mouse with a flash reflection in it.", "A computer mouse sitting next to a keyboard.", "A black computer mouse sitting next to a keyboard"]
["A living room with a blue couch with a red area rug and a fire place in the corner. ", "A gray couch sitting on top of a rug in a living room.", "A very nice looking living room with a fire place.", "this living room has a couch and a fire place", "This living room has a fancy rug, a couch, and a wood burning stove."]
["A computer monitor is facing away from a keyboard and mouse and a coffee cup and blue ball also are sitting on a table.", "The computer on the test was left turned on.", "a computer that has a keyboard and a mouse", "A keyboard, mouse and monitor screen on the table", "A keyboard, monitor and mouse with red light on a desk."]
["A group of people walking down a busy city street.", "A crowd in a city on a sunny day", "A crowd of people walking around a city", "A large crowd of people gathered outside an old building.", "A crowd of people are in front of a rock building with a man talking on his phone."]
["A man sitting at a table holding a baby.", "a man wearing a black jacket is holding a child and a cellphone", "A man using his phone while a little girl sleeps on his shoulder. ", "A man holding a child and a cell phone at a coffee shop.", "A man holding an infant while checking his cell phone."]
["A modern living room with a couch and tv.", "A living area with a couch, table and television unit.", "A living room with a backpack and handbag on the sofa.", "living room with blue walls and a sectional.", "A living room with baggage on the sofa."]
["A living room filled with furniture and a TV.", "There is furniture in the middle of a living room.", "a room that has a flat screen t.v. in it", "A living room with a small flat screen tv ", "Decorated living area with desk and cabinets with television."]
["A little girl sitting on top of a bed holding an object.", "The girl is sitting on the bed while reading a book.", "A little girl is sitting on a bed with pillows.", "Girl reading a tablet sitting towards edge of bed", "A child looks at an electronic device while sitting on a bed."]
["A woman holding a tennis racquet while wearing a straw hat.", "A woman wearing a mask holding a racquet", "The person wearing a mask is holding a tennis racket.", "a woman wearing a mask standing and holding a tennis racket", "A woman in a bamboo hat holding a tennis racquet.  "]
["A tennis player is preparing to serve the ball.", "A man wearing black and white reaches to hit a tennis ball.", "Male tennis player, in mid stroke, on a tennis court.", " a tennis player reaching up to deliver a serve ", "A man playing tennis about to serve the ball."]
["A man holding a tennis racquet and a ball on top of a court.", "A tennis player is holding a ball on the court", "a man with a tennis racket bounces a tennis ball ", "A male tennis player, holding a racket while bouncing a tennis ball on the court.", "A young man getting ready to serve a tennis ball to his opponent. "]
["a small living room with chairs and a foot stool", "A glass roofed sitting room overlooking a pool", "A living room filled with furniture beneath a window.", "A living area with some wooden chairs in the room", "A sitting area is located in a corner of the room."]
["a wooden weaving machine a window and some books and cds", "A window in a room with different shelves nearby.", "A living area with a red dresser, shelves and a window.", "A window and furniture in a small room.", "A room with a very large wooden item near a window."]
["A blue room connected to a room with a table in it. ", "A person is putting away groceries in the kitchen.", "A man looks out his dining room window.", "A man standing near a window in a home featuring blue and white walls.", "A man is in the ktichen and the living room is painted blue."]
["A kite is being flown in the blue sky. ", "A kit that is flying in the sky.", "A kite flying in the air with the blue sky in the background. ", "A kite flying through a cloudy light blue sky.", "A kite is flying beneath the blue sky."]
["A person windsurfing with a grey sky in the background.", "a man parasailing in the ocean all by himself", "A person parasailing in the middle of the ocean.", "a person riding a parachute surf board ", "A man surfing alone on the ocean waters"]
["A crowd of people at the beach flying kites.", "A beach gets crowded on a sunny day.", "Kites flying over a beach full of people.", "Many kites fly above a crowded beach. ", "Several people on the ocean shore are flying kites."]
["A man holding a bob marley kite in the air", "A person flys a large green and black kite.", "A man is flying a kite with a large image of a man printed on it.", "A male is flying a one love kite in the park.", "A kite with the words \"one love\" on it."]
["A person flying a kite near a basketball hoop", "A man is flying a kite that flies above a portable basketball goal.", "A man flying a kite over a basketball hoop.", "a  man watching a kite fly through the air", "A person flying a kite near a basketball hoop. \n"]
["Cars parked on a beach with people watching hot air balloons.", "Cars parked on a beach at the ocean.", "A group of cars that are parked on a beach. ", "Cars parked on the sand close to the beach. ", "Some cars and people sit on a mostly empty beach. "]
["A bunch of kites flying around a park.", "Several kites flying in the sky over a group of people.", "SPECTATORS WATCHING LARGE KITES BEING FLOWN IN A FIELD", "Aerial view of a group of people flying heart shaped kites", "a number of people in a field with many kites flying above "]
["A woman flying a kite with American flags in the background.", "A woman sticks her arm out as she flies her kite while walking through the park. ", "A lady walking in a grassy area holding a kite. ", "A woman with a kite near a lot of flags.", "A girl prepares a plane shaped kite on a field. "]
["many people watch a person fly a kite with a young person", "The father and son are looking at the kites flying overhead.", "A man and his son fly kits in a field as a crowd watches.", "A father helps his son fly his kite.", "a group of people playing with kites in the park on a sunny day"]
["The boy is playing with his colorful kite.", "A young boy is playing with his kite as the sun rises. ", "A child runs with a kite behind him.", "A boy with baseball cap running in a field with kite.", "a small child in a black top a kite and some grass"]
["A large crowd of people around a very large illustration.", "A large poster next to a large crowd of people.", "A group of people at a kite festival.", "A large group of people standing outside a building with a picture.", "A rally of some sort outside a stadium"]
