["Pizza sitting on a paper plate with a can of pop.", "A paper plate with two slices of pizza one half eaten.", "A paper plate with one uneaten slice of pizza and one pizza crust", "A half eaten plate of pizza and a can of soda.", "One slice of pizza and a half eaten slice are on a paper plate."]
["a child in a bed with a striped sweater and colorful blanket", "A young girl laying on a bed holding onto a stuffed animal.", "A little girl wraps up in a blanket to take a nap.", "Little girl laying in bed snuggling with her blankets", "A small child is lying on a bed."]
["A beautiful little girl laying on top of a bed.", "A young girl in her bed cuddling a stuffed animal.", "The girl in the green sweater is lying in bed. ", "A child smiles at the camera while laying on a bed.", "A little girl in bed holding a stuffed animal."]
["A man holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.", "Player returning volley during tennis match on court.", "a person swinging a racket at a ball", "A male tennis player warming up on the court", "A tennis player getting ready to hit a tennis ball on a court."]
["A man laying in a bed next to a woman.", "A happy young couple fast asleep in their comfortable bed. ", "Two people lying together and facing each other in a bed.", "two people layin in a bed under the blankets ", "A shirtless man laying next to a woman and looking at her."]
["A woman with a concerned look talking on a cell phone.", "A woman sitting on a bed talking on the phone.", "Older woman talking on the phone while sitting on the bed's edge", "A woman is talking on a cell phone while sitting on a bed", "Black and white photograph of elderly woman talking on phone."]
["A man in a striped shirt hitting a tennis ball", "A young man walking across a court holding a racquet.", "A boy playing tennis at a tennis court. ", "A guy bouncing a tennis ball on the pavement", "A man in a striped shirt hits a ball on a city tennis court."]
["A boy holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A boy at an apartment complex lot is in motion.", "a boy close to a fenchh looking like is is going to throw something ", "A man taking a swing at  a tennis ball", "Boy in a striped shirt playing on a tennis court."]
["Young baby sleeping in innocent white drapes around him", "A baby sleeping with a pacifier in its mouth.", "A baby sleeps on a bed with a pacifier.", "Small baby sleeping in plush blankets with a pacifier in his or her mouth.", "a baby with a pacifier sleeping in bed "]
["The woman is playing tennis on the court. ", "A woman with a racquet swinging at a ball.", "The girl is practicing tennis and is in an awkward midswing.", "A woman wearing an ARMY shirt holding a tennis racquet.", "A woman hitting a tennis ball with a racquet on a court."]
["A wooden desk topped with a monitor and a laptop.", "Wooden desk and cabinet unit and electronics in an occupied hotel room.", "A computer and television sit on a hotel desk.", "A tv and laptop sit on a desk in a hotel room.", "A desk has a large cabinet and computers on it."]
["The view of an entertainment center and desk in a hotel room.", "A hotel room filled with two beds, a desk and a TV.", "A bedroom scene with focus on a desk with a laptop.", "Large wooden cabinets sitting inside a bedroom. ", "an image of a big cabinet in a living room"]
["TWO YOUNG MEN ARE ON THE COURT PLAYING TENNIS", "People are doing something at this time that is bolting. \n", "A man on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "a man wearing orange and white attire on a tennis court ", "A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court."]
["A man standing on a tennis court holding a tennis racquet.", "A lone man is holding  a tennis racket", "Boy on tennis court walking for a ball to come his way.", "A tennis player stands still on a court.", "Tennis enthusiast is awaiting serve on the dirt court."]
["A group of children holding racquets and tennis balls.", "a bunch of children pose with tennis rackets ", "A group of kids who play tennis taking a picture.", "A group of kids posing for a photo on a tennis court.", "Group photograph of young boys and girls with tennis equipment."]
["A pizza is shown on a plate on a table. ", "The pizza on the plate is covered in macaroni.", "A cheese pizza made with mac and cheese and flat bread.", "Large personal pizza with macaroni and cheese as a topping.", "A pizza adorned with macaroni and cheese sits on a plate."]
["A man about to hit a tennis ball on a concrete court.", "A man about to return a serve with his tennis racket", "Man playing tennis getting ready to hit the ball.", "A person on a tennis court about to hit the ball with the racquet.", "A man preparing to hit a tennis ball with his racket."]
["a person swinging a tennis racket hitting a tennis ball", "Girl playing recreational tennis with a new racquet ", "A female tennis player returning the ball to her opponent .", "A beautiful young woman hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racquet.", "A woman is hitting a tennis ball with her racket."]
["A laptop that is sitting near a desktop.", "A laptop computer and large monitor hooked up on a desk.", "A laptop computer is seen sitting next to a television.", "a PC monitor and a laptop on a desk", "a black desk a laptop a monitor a pen and a book"]
["A desk chair sitting up against a desk.", " an office chair with a pillow on the seat", "The sign says London in front of the keyboard", "L-shaped black desk with a swivel chair and electronic components on the desk", "An office space that is dark in color and has a keyboard and two computer screens along with two telephones and a headset."]
["An older man sitting at a desk looking at a laptop.", "The man is sitting at the desk on his laptop.", "A man in orange shorts sitting on a chair. ", "a man sitting at a desk with a laptop computer on it", "A man sitting at a table while looking at a computer."]
["A lady staring lovingly into her pizza. ", "A woman sitting at a table with two plates of pizza.", "A woman looking at one of two pizzas on the table.", "A woman sitting at a table with two pizzas and beer.", "Woman sitting at the table in front of her pizza and glass of beer"]
["A pizza topped with fresh tomatoes greens and cheese", "A pizza siting on top of a white plate on a wooden table.", "A food entree is shown on a plate.", "A plate of pizza has fresh salad toppings on a wooden table.", "A simple Sicilian-style pizza with tomato, spinach, and cheese shavings"]
["A girl is hitting the tennis ball during a match.", "A woman wearing blue pants and an orange shirt plays tennis", "A woman in red shirt and blue pants playing tennis.", "A woman on a court with a tennis racket.", "A girl wearing a red tank top and blue pants playing tennis."]
["A woman tennis player swinging a tennis racket with both hands, on a hard surface court.", "Woman returning volley during tennis match on court.", "A woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A woman swinging a tennis racquet at a ball.", "a tennis player swinging a racket at a ball"]
["A man is looking at a sliced pizza.", "A man bending over a table looking at a pepperoni pizza.", "A man is very excited looking at pizza", "A man hovers intently over the remains of a pepperoni pizza.", "A man is smiling above a pizza on a tray."]
["The pizza is full of chopped tomatoes and there is a salad on the side. ", "A pizza with lettuce on the side on a table. ", "There is a platter of pizza and salad on a table.", "A pizza on a table with garnish behind it ", "Baked pizza with meats and vegetables displayed on table."]
["A pizza topped with large tomatoes and cheese with ham.", "A pizza with cheese, lunch meat and tomatoes as toppings.", "This pizza with fresh cherry tomatoes, and 2 kinds of cheese, is ready for the oven.", "Close up photo of an uncooked pizza topped with ham, shredded cheese, and cherry tomatoes ", "a pizza covered with tomatoes, hame and tomatoes"]
["A cook preparing fresh pizza in a kitchen.", "Man dishing out pizza onto a plate held by another person.", "A man placing pizza on a plate through an opening.", "A man is serving pizza to a customer.", "a man is serving some food to a customer"]
["A couple pieces of pizza sitting on a plate.", "Two slices of pepperoni pizza with a jar of red pepper and a red glass with a straw.", "Pizza on a tray with a knife,a fork, and a cup.", "Two slices of pizza and a drink are on a table.", "Two large slices of pepperoni pizza on a table."]
["A collection of products displayed on a bed.", "many different items are on a bed ", "A bed topped with persona items and cosmetic items.", "An assortment of women's toiletries layed out on a bed. ", "An unmade be with two toothbrushes, a book and a manicure kit on it. "]
["A tooth brush sitting on the side of a sink.", "A toothbrush with a smiley face on it standing upright on a sink.", "Toothbrush with a smiley face sitting on a sink.", "BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO OF A SINK WITH A SMILING FACE TOOTHBRUSH", "A tooth brush with a smiley face on it next to a sink."]
["A tv remote control sits on a table.", "The remote is left on the table for anyone who needs it.", "A gray television remote control on a wood surface.", "A black remote laying on a wooden surface.", "A television remote control laying on a wood piece of furniture."]
["A living room with furniture and a wall hanging", "A hanging wall sculpture in a room decorated in black, white and red", "A piece of artwork next to a red painting on a wall.", "A room that has a tapestry hanging in it.", "A black and white curtain hanging in a room that is decorated in black, white and red."]
["A house being built with lots of wood.", "A big pile of building material is placed on the floor in the wooden structure.", "A partially-built house with wooden studs and staircase in view.", "A house full of wood getting built at the moment.", "The beginning stages of a home still being made. "]
["People play Wii while wearing colorful clothing and posing for the camera.", "A woman sanding next to two other women playing games.", "A woman holding up the peace sign and remote controllers.", "Three women smiling and giving the peace sign.", "Three women in a room with a Nintendo Wii controller."]
["A bedroom with a blue bed surrounded by metal stools.", "A living room with funky blue furniture in it", "a blue table with some stuff on top of it", "A room with all blue and white furnitures.", "There are many different types of furniture in the room."]
["People are walking around at a technology convention.", "A group of young men standing in front of a TV screen.", "Crowds gather at a convention to look at the Wii.", "A group of kids playing games at a convention.", "Children enjoying the Wii display at a convention."]
["A living room filled with furniture and a lamp.", "A blue couch is facing towards two chairs.", "a white chair a table a gray couch and two lights", "A room with striped floor has a couch, pair of chairs, and wooden coffee table.", "A clean living room is shown with different colored furniture."]
["A man playing Wii bowling in a living room.", "Man standing holding a remote control towards a component.", "A man pointing a Wii remote at his console. ", "A man playing wii bowling in front of the television", "A young man pointing a remote at the tv."]
["A living room and kitchen with a mattress in the hall.", "A twin mattress sits in the corner of an apartment.", "A mattress is laying on the floor of a kitchen.", "White apartment building with various out of place furniture.", "a white couch  and a mattress on the ground and some cupboards"]
["a man that is standing up with a wii remote", "a couple of people sitting and standing in a living room.", "a man is playing video games on a television ", "A young man playing a video game while another man watches.", "A man playing a video game does a big backswing with the remote."]
["A woman holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.", "a man and woman walking in a room", "Something has caught the attention of the man and the woman, and they turn to the left.", "A man and woman standing near a file cabinet with boxes on top of it.", "A women and a man standing up looking the same direction . "]
["Some people are hanging out and playing the nintendo Wii.", "A group of people hanging out with two people playing the Wii.", "several people sitting and standing around at a party.", "Group of young adults hanging out with snacks on the table.", "A group of people lounging around in a room "]
["a person in a living room playing nintendo wii near a window ", "a person standing in front of the curtains of a window and a television and holding a game controller", "a man that is standing up with a wii remote", "A man smiles in front of floral print drapes with his Wii. ", "The man is holding a remote control in his hand."]
["Man in blue striped shirt playing Nintendo Wii.", "A man with a remote control looking at a television.", "A man is playing Wii Bowling on a small television.", "The man with the Wii controller is smiling.", "A man with a blue and white striped shirt playing with a Wii in front of his TV set. "]
["A woman standing in a living room holding a Wii controller.", "people standing in a living room holding a remote", "Three friends enjoying video games in a living room.", "Three people smile as one of them holds a video game remote. ", "A family is in a living room playing the Wii."]
["An attic bedroom with a bed and a couch.", "A bedroom filled with two beds and lots of furniture.", "A large living room with several items in it.", "An attic bedroom for two is well lit.", "A bedroom with slanted ceilings is illuminated by sunlight."]
["A desk with a computer, a keyboard, a mouse, a bobble head, speakers and a lava lamp on it.", "A picture of a computer desk with various personal objects.", "the computer is on a wooden computer desk.", "A computer desk with a monitor, a keyboard and mouse, and several other computer accessories.", "A computer desk with various items around it."]
["A computer desk topped with a large monitor.", "A computer on a small wooden desk cluttered with many items.", "A desk with a computer, office items, and CDs on it.", "Home desk with computer and other assorted electronics.", "A home office of someone making lots of CDs"]
["A computer desk has two monitors, mice, keyboards, cell phone, speakers, and webcam.", "A couple of home computers on a desk.", "A desk with a cellphone, keyboard and two computer monitors.", "an image of a laptop with a clock next to it", "Two computer monitors are on a brown table."]
["A desk with a small white computer set up on it.", "A desk with a laptop, alarm clock, and office supplies.", "A desk with a laptop and various other items on top of it.", "A laptop and keyboard sit on a desk.  ", "Computer and other office supplies on a neatly organized work space."]
["A group of lego men standing on top of a computer keyboard.", "Several Lego people appear to be pressing keyboard keys.", " bunch of toy men near a computer keyboard and a book", "Lego figures are place to climb up a keyboard.", "a keyboard that has some lego men on  it"]
["A living area with chairs, shelves and a fireplace.", "A modern living room with a marble fireplace.", "A lounge with chairs, shelves, and a fireplace", "A room with a fireplace in a wood wall area and four chairs in front of the fireplace.", "A couple of chair sitting underneath a lamp hanging from the ceiling."]
["A pair of computer monitors display contrasting sets of angel wings.", "Two computer screens showing black wings on a white screen and white wings on a black screen.", "two computer monitors each with a different colored pair of angel wings", "Two monitors with art from Akon albums on them. ", "Two screens show two unique pairs of wings."]
["A television sits in an empty studio apartment.  ", "A living room, with a television, chairs, and computer desk in it.", "A room with a desk, chairs, television, and mini-fridge. ", "A room with chairs, a desk, a small refrigerator and microwave, and a television.", "A room is filled with someones furniture and belongings."]
["A woman is driving along and smiling as she passes through a tree lined area.", "Lady behind the wheel of a vehicle with grey interior.", "a young woman is driving through a lot of trees ", "The girl is smiling and driving the truck.", "A pretty woman driving a truck with a smart phone sitting next to her."]
["A woman is putting her seat belt on in the car.", "A beautiful young woman buckling her seat belt.", "There is a woman sitting behind the wheel of the car.", "a person in a car wearing a seat belt", "Here is a soul in the image alone. \n"]
["A living room filled with furniture and a white table.", "A table and a television in a room.", "a living room with a bunch of appliances inside of it ", "A stroller sits in a cluttered living room.", "Light is shining in a window to a cluttered living space."]
["A man standing on a tennis court next to a young boy.", "a tennis player in a black shirt is wiping his face", "Tennis player and kid standing on a pro tennis court.", "A crowd is sitting and watching a tennis match.", "a tennis player wiping his face off with a towel"]
["A man running with tennis racquet in hand trying to hit the tennis ball.", "A tennis player is hitting the ball on the court.", "a man that is on a tennis court with a racket", "A tennis player in action on the court.", "man swinging a tennis racket on tennis court"]
["A person hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.", "A person is jumping and stretching holding a tennis racket.", "a person playing tennis and stretching to reach the ball", "tennis playing reaching to get the ball on the court", "Man in blue shorts and grey shirt swinging at a tennis ball. "]
["a young man on a tennis court swinging a racket", "A person on a tennis court in the middle of the play.", "a tennis players runs to hit the ball", "A tennis player hitting a ball in a tennis court", "A woman has just hit a tennis ball with her racket."]
["A young boy getting ready to swing at a tennis ball.", "A boy about to hit a tennis ball.", "Young boy playing tennis gets ready to hit the ball. ", "A young boy on a tennis court with a racket. ", "Boy poised about to forehand smash a tennis ball"]
["This living room features clashing colors between the couch and the door.", "Jackets hanging on a rack in a room with a sofa.", "A small living room has a couch and tv", "A living room with a couch, table, tv, door, and coat holder.", "A living room in a small apartment complex."]
["A room filled with furniture and hardwood floors.", "The house appears to be clean and beautifully decorated.", "View of a partial kitchen and living room.", "A neat living room and clean kitchen with a hardwood floor.", "An interior shot of a living area with wooden accent modern decor."]
["A living room filled with furniture next to a fire place.", "A modern living room has large bright windows.", "A clean, organized room with a fireplace and TV.", "The living room of a modern house with large windows.", "A spacious and airy room with sofa, table, chairs and LED."]
["a little girl that is running around with a kite", "A young girl holds the string of a kite over her head.", "A little girl playing with a kite in the grass.", "A young girl playing with a kite, in a football field.", "A little girl flying a white kite on a green field."]
["a bunch of tents set up on a beach", "Several kites sitting on a sandy beach during the day.", "Kites laying on the beach on a sunny day ", "Several kites of different colors laying on the sand on the beach.", "Some personal tents are in the dirt outside"]
["A young girl flying a kite in a field.", "A girl on a field pulling an orange kite.", "A girl flying a yellow kite on a field. ", "A barefoot girl with braids flies a kite. ", "A girl flying a kite near some trees."]
["A kite flying over the ocean in a blue sky.", "A large flamingo kite is flying high in the sky.", "The people are flying the large kite on the beach by the water. ", "A beach with people and a kite that looks like a bird in the sky.", "A flamingo shaped kite flying over the ocean."]
["A crowd of people flying kites on top of a field.", "A group of people fly kites in the field of a city. ", "Many people enjoying flying kites in a city park", "Several people in a park sitting and standing flying kites. ", "A park with a lot of people flying kites "]
["A person kiteboarding over waves in the ocean.", "a guy on a surfboard with a kite attached to it.", "A person parasailing near the beach with a black and white sail.", "A kite surfer moving with a strong wind", "Someone is wind sailing cross the ocean in a wet suit."]
["People sitting and some standing on the grass with a kite flying and palm trees in the background near buildings.", "People are watching other people fly a kite.", "some people are on some grass flying a kite", "A park with not much shade and a kite flying", "A group of people flying kites on top of a sandy beach."]
["A man flying a kite above in a blue sky.", "A man flying an airplane kite in the sky.", "A man is looking up at a kite in the sky.", "A man flying a kit shaped like a jet.", "a close up of a person looking up at a kite flying in the sky"]
["A group of people flying kites on top of a sandy beach.", "People are flying kites on a beach by the ocean.", "Several people on a beach flying kites on a gray looking day.", "Lots of people at the beach flying kites.", "A group of people are flying kites on a beach on a cold day.  "]
["An American flag is waving in the air", "American flag flying in foreground of beautiful landscape.", "People para sailing on a windy day with an American flag blowing.", "A flag flying with kites all around it.", "A tilted American flag is jutting into the foreground and flapping in a sky that also holds, what  appears to be para-sails, while a bridge marks the distance between a flat expanse of ground and rolling hills fronted by water. "]
["An individual is in the open view in the image.\n", "Children learning to make their own kites. ", "A little girl is sitting at a table", "Children are making kites at a table. ", "A couple kids sitting at a table making arts and crafts."]
["A little girl with a baseball bat is waiting for the pitch.", "A pitcher and batter playing in a softball game.", "A girl throwing a softball to a girl with a bat.", "A girl is up to bat and she has her bat back while the pitcher has his met out and his hand with the ball is ready to pitch.", "Several children playing softball in a clay field."]
["a small girl chasing a white kite in the air", "A man and a young child fly a kite in a park.", "People sitting at picnic tables and flying kites at a park.", "A man and a child in a park area playing with a kite.", "A man and a young boy playing with a kite."]
["A baby sitting in the grass watching kites fly in the sky.", "A little baby at the park during a nice day.", "A toddler sits in the grass as kites fly above.", "A baby sitting in the grass looking at the kites in the sky.", "The child is sitting down while watching kites go by."]
["a toddler wearing a hat sitting in the dry grass ", "A boy wearing a hat is laying on a grass field", "A young child in a sun hat crawling in hay at a kite fair", "A boy plays in the grass with kites flying in the sky. ", "A young boy in a blue hat crawling in a field."]
["A large clock shadow on the side of a building.", "A clock that is in front of a building.", "An interesting clock is projected onto the side of a building.", "An image of a large clock reflecting on a large building.", "That looks to be an image of a clock from a projector on the building."]
["A tall building with a large clock tower projected onto it's side.", "A very large black clock on the side of a building.", "A gigantic clock is displayed on the side of a building.", "A big clock projected on the side of a building", "a large clock covering the entire side of a building."]
["A man is among a crowd and holding his ear to hear on a cellphone.", "A man listens on his cellphone with his free hand in his ear.", "Middle aged man talking on his phone in a crowd", "Man in white shirt holding up a cellphone in a crowd. ", "The man is trying to hear what is being said on his phone."]
["A small boat sits on the water next to a city.", "A city scape that is seen from the other side of the river.", "A city scene that was seen from the other side of a river.", "A metropolitan city as viewed from the water. ", "A small boat is in the water in front of an elaborate looking city."]
["Young boy with T-ball and bat pointing at ball.", "A his holding a baseball bat by a t ball", "Child with bat and a ball on a tee.", "A small child using a baseball bat and a pole to practice hitting a ball.", "A child points to ball waiting on the tee ball stand."]
["a black and white baseball player card the player has a bat", "An old picture of a baseball player holding a bat.", "An old fashioned picture of a baseball player and bat.", "A man on a card hitting a ball as a baseball player.\n", "An old picture of a baseball player on a card."]
["A young boy in the grass throws a ball.", "a kid throwing a tennis ball in the field", "A little kid throwing a ball while holding a bat", "A CHILD IS PRACTICING HIS WIFFLE BALL SKILLS", "A boy playing baseball in his backyard area."]
["A young child in the yard holding up a bat.", "A boy raring back with a baseball bat in a yard.", "A little boy has a baseball bat in a yard.", "A boy in black clothes holds a baseball bat over his shoulder near a fence and a tree.", "a little boy playing in his yard with a baseball bat"]
["A guy holding a bat and some trees. ", "A man holding a bat with a divided picture and trees in the next", "A young man has a baseball bat over his shoulder.", "two images next to each other, one of a guy with a baseball bat over his shoulder and the other of tree branches", "Man with bath on his should on left and tree scene on right."]
["A baseball player holding a bat on a field.", "A baseball player prepares to hit a baseball.", "A baseball player at bat waiting for a pitch.", "A man holding a bat next to a man with a glove on.", "A baseball player waiting for the pitch at home plate."]
["A batter swings hard at a low ball as the catcher reaches out his glove.", "A baseball batter swinging his bat and poised to run.", "A baseball player swinging a baseball bat during a game.", "A man swinging at a baseball with an umpire behind him", "a batter at home plate swinging his baseball bat"]
["A baseball player in uniform holding a baseball bat.", "An old picture of a baseball player from the Coast League.", "A picture of a baseball player from a long time ago.", "A baseball player in a black and white photograph is holding a bat.", "An old time baseball card of a player swinging. "]
["a baseball playing is holding his bat and ready for the hit. ", "Baseball man ready to swing bat on baseball field with onlookers", "A baseball player holding bat straight up in a wide leg stance.", "A man rared back with his baseball bat on a field.", "A baseball player is in his hitting stance as a few people watch. "]
["A batter standing behind the catcher is taking a swing. ", "A man is playing baseball as an audience watches.", "A baseball player is swinging at the ball.", "A batter is swinging at a pitch in a baseball game.", "A batter and catcher during a baseball game with people watching."]
["A catcher in baseball with his arm extended.", "A man pitches a ball at a baseball game.", "A baseball player that just threw out a pitch", "Baseball players playing a game of baseball on a field.", "The catcher at a baseball game throws ball back to pitcher."]
["this is a man swing a bat at a ball", "The baseball player powers his bat into the hit. ", "A man on a field swinging a baseball bat.", "A sporting event is taking place in a sporting field.", "A baseball player in the middle of a swing"]
["Man playing tennis ball in mid air hit.", "Male tennis player attempts to send ball over net.", "A guy tries to hit the tennis ball ", "Man on tennis court about to hit ball with racquet.", "A tennis player moves in to hit a forehand volley."]
["A man hits a tennis ball with a racket.", "A man that is playing in a tennis game.", "man is about to hit a tennis ball", "A male Tennis player is just about to hit the ball. ", "A tennis player swings the racquet during a game of tennis.  "]
["Men holding tennis rackets are shaking hands above a net.", "Three tennis players are talking over the net.", "A group of men standing on top of a tennis court.", "Tennis players shake hands over a tennis net. ", "Three men stand around a tennis net while holding tennis rackets, attempting to shake hands with each other."]
["A pizza sitting on top of a metal pan with a spatula.", "A very big tasty looking pizza with some toppings.", "three fourths of a pizza with meats and vegetables on a pizza pan", "A pizza is on a pizza tin with a silver spatula.", "A pizza on a pizza pan with two pieces removed by a serving ladle."]
["Two slices of pepperoni and cheese pizza with crushed red pepper flakes. ", "A couple of slices of pizza with pepper sprinkled on it.", "Pieces of pizza on trays with stuffed toy and shaker of crushed red pepper.", "two slices of pepperoni pizza sit on a tray", "a close up of two slices of pizza on a plate "]
["A young boy dressed in costume eating a white cookie.", "A young man wearing goggles with spiky hair dressed up like Robbin.", "A child wearing a costume is taking a bite of food.", "A little kid dressed in a costume,eating some food.", "A boy wearing a black, red and yellow superhero costume and wearing a painted-on black-and-white \"eye mask\" eats something from a sheet of white wax paper."]
["A woman bounces a tennis ball on a tennis racket.", "A woman is hitting a tennis ball with her racket.", "A woman bouncing a ball off her tennis racket.", "The tennis player with the green ribbon bounces the ball on her racket.", "a person with a tennis racket and a ball"]
["a person is holding a tennis racket on a court", "a man playing tennis in front of a crowd of people", "A young man playing a game of tennis against an opponent.", "A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A man on the court is holding the Tennis racket. "]
["A man serving a tennis ball on top of a tennis court.", "A tennis player at a match getting ready to hit a ball.", "A man swings to hit a tennis ball on a court. ", "a man getting ready to serve a tennis ball on a court in  front of an audience", "A tennis player is in the process of serving the ball."]
["Two children sit at the kitchen bar waiting for their meal.", "Kids in the kitchen being served some food by their mom.", "A young girl enjoys a slice of fresh baked pizza.", "A family eating pizza at the kitchen bar.", "a group of people eating food in a kitchen"]
["A pizza sitting on top of a wooden cutting board.", "a pizza prepared to be cooked on a wooden spoon", "A pizza laying on a wooden pizza board with a sign below it that says \"Vegan Pizza\".", "A pizza that is sitting on a table.", "THERE IS A VEGAN PIZZA ON THE TABLE "]
["A female tennis player standing with racquet in hand", "A woman is holding a tennis racket outside", "a woman holding a tennis racket in front of a crowd ", "tennis player holding a racket during a match", "A female tennis-player with her racket in-hand in front of a crowd of onlookers.  "]
["a group of people that are standing up on a tennis court", "A group of three men standing next to each other.", "a group of friends are all out on a tennis court", "Three men pose for a picture on a tennis court.", "Three guys in tennis white shorts on a clay tennis court."]
["The room with the yellow walls is empty.", "a desk with a monitor near a mirror", "A livign area with music mixing equipment and a desk.", "An office area decorated with pictures and a mantle.", "A laptop on a special stand near a desk in a yellow room."]
["A tall building with a clock mounted to the front of it.", "A large clock is underneath the sign of a spacious station.", "A walkway and stairs below a clock at an entrance.", "Entrance of a large building with a clock on the front. ", "a clock attached to a building over a door walkway"]
["a piece of art depicting a clock-like structure with numbers in a circle", "A picture of a building in the background and the numbers one to 10 in the foreground.", "A figure with several different numbers hanging from it.", "A building with numbers hanging next to it", "A modern style clock has floating card numbers."]
["A vase of flowers is sitting by a window.", "A vase of roses dwarfed between two large planters sits in a window.", "A vase with flowers sitting in front of a window.", "A small pot of flowers between two larger potted plants.", "Small vase with flowers sits between two large potted plants."]
["An office scene with laptops, printers and chairs.", "A young man looking through papers no a desk.", "A man pulls a piece of paper from a printer in an small office.", "A person is grabbing a piece of paper from a printer.", "A man sitting on a chair by a printer "]
["There is a lot of expensive recording equipment on the table.", "A person who is sitting in an auditorium across from some electrical equipment.", "Several electronics, including a laptop, are placed on the table. ", "There is a laptop and other electronic equipment on the table.", "A table with sound mixing equipment in an auditorium."]
["A woman sitting in front of a laptop computer holding a bag.", "A woman holding a cat is working on her computer.", "A woman typing on her laptop with a cat on her lap", "a person with a small table and a laptop", "A woman using her laptop with a cat in her lap."]
["A city plaza with people walking through it.", "City street shopping area with pedestrians walking about.", "A street view of a tourist area in an older town.", "Pedestrians stroll down the street of a European city.", "A great amount of people walking in a downtown area. "]
["a large building with a large clock on the front", "A large domed building has a clock on top.", "A night shot of a clock on a stone building that looks like a station of some kind ", "Two vehicles are parked outside of a large building.", "Cars are parked outside of a large building with a clock."]
["A crowd of people sitting next to each other at a meeting.", "A business seminar with several people in the audience using mobile devices.", "A view of an open laptop being used in and auditorium.", "A person using a laptop while in a conference room.", "Someone is taking notes on their laptop in an auditorium."]
["a cat sitting on a counter top next to a stove below an oven mitt with a cat design on it.", "A small black cat is sitting next to a stove. ", "A black cat sits on a stove counter.", "A black cat sitting on top of a stove top next to a tiled wall.", "A can sitting on a kitchen counter under a cat oven mitt."]
["a teddy bear sitting inside a toilet bowl", "A teddy bear sitting on top of a small white toilet.", "A small teddy bear sitting on top of a toy toilet.", "teddy bear sitting on a tiny toilet in a cube shape space", "A teddy bear sitting on a toilet in an enclosed stage."]
["A group of students sitting in front of laptop computers.", "a group of people working on lap tops in an auditorium", "A picture of students with laptops attending a training seminar with a speaker by the podium.", "A group of people sitting in front of computers.", "a person on the stage addressing very many people"]
["Teddy bears are dressed in clothing and stand in a window sill", "Four stuffed teddy bears dressed in pink and posed together. ", "A display of teddy bears dressed in clothing.", "A group of teddy bears standing next to a palm tree.", "Some teddy bears, cutely arranged on a flat surface."]
["There is a little girl crying next to her stuffed animals", "a mother and little girl standing next to a bench with two bears sitting on it", "A women and girl standing next to a bench that has two teddy bears sitting in it.", "A mother comforts her child at the side of the road next to 2 teddy bears", "A couple of people and some stuffed bears in a yard."]
["a man is standing in front of a table", "Man holding a box in front of a panel with various cups.", "A man holding a autographed laptop computer in his hands.", "A man stands up to display his autographed laptop.", "A man with an autographed laptop standing by a microphone."]
["a  chair with many things for a child", "A purse on a chair with all of its contents displayed.", "A purse with various items sitting next to it.", "All the contents that was in the bag that's at the top.", "Some supplies sitting outside of a large bag"]
["Man playing with a lighter, over his cellphone, in a local bar.", "A hand on top of a table holding a lit lighter.", "The man's cellphone is on the table while he is talking.", "A man is lighting something at the bar table next to his phone. ", "A cellphone rests on a bar counter beside a hand holding a lit match"]
["The view of a crowd of shoppers and vendors at a market.", "A farmer in jean overalls sells roasted peanuts at a country fair. ", "A guy is standing outdoors at some kind of booth.", "A man standing under a blue tent preparing food.", "A man standing at a table behind a rope"]
["A man looks surprised while taking a photo in the mirror.", "a male in a white shirt a mirror and a camera", "The guy with crazy here is taking a picture in the mirror.", "A man taking a selfie in a  bathroom mirror.", "A man in glasses taking a picture with his cellphone "]
["The colorful roses are in a clear glass jar. ", "A recycled jar of flowers on a desk with tins and toys.", "Several Tim's of mints are stacked up with a bottle that has several  clipped roses inside", "A bunch of flowers that are sitting in a glass jar.", "Multi-colored roses in a mason jar with small tins."]
["A kitchen scene with a microwave, window, and decorations.", "A small kitchen with some quirky art decorations.", "A small modern kitchen with a large window.", "A nice kitchen is lit by overhead pendulum lights", "A colorful kitchen is displayed under overhead lighting."]
["A laptop computer with pictures of giraffes on the homescreen.", "THIS IS A PICTURE OF SOMEONES ELECTRONIC COLLECTION", "a laptop computer open with a cell phone and camera sitting on it", "A laptop computer sitting on top of a purple table.", "There is a digital camera, flash drive, and cellphone on top of a laptop computer. "]
["A woman sitting at a table while using a smartphone.", "The woman is sitting at the table using her cell phone.", "a woman sits as a table as a person watches her ", "A woman that is sitting down behind a glass.", "A woman sitting at a table in a restaurant, by the window, and looking at her phone."]
["A woman scanning a tour map with her smartphone.", "A woman uses her cell phone to take a picture of the sign.", "a woman is looking a tor stop big green sign", "A lady is standing near the Tour sign on her phone. ", "A woman that is standing in front of a green sign."]
["An empty kitchen and half wall in a living space", "A kitchen with white cabinets, stove, and refrigerator", "An empty apartment kitchen with white appliances and light cabinets.", "there is a kitchen with white and brown cabinets and a breakfast nook", "A view of an empty kitchen with white and wood lined cabinets."]
["A person opening an oven door filled with baking cookies.", "A hand opens an oven door to show cookies baking on a tin.", "there is fresh food being made in the oven", "A person is baking cookies in a kitchen.", "An open stove shows a pan full of a food. "]
["A baker checks on a rack of muffins pulled from an oven.", "A man takes freshly baked muffins out of the oven.", "A man pulls muffins out of the industrial oven.", "A man inserting a cupcake tray into the oven.", "Man pulling out baked goods from a large oven with a mitten."]
["A woman with a coffee cup talking on the phone.", "A woman talks on a cellphone while holding a drink. ", "a woman talking on a cell phone while holding a starbucks drink in the other hand", "Woman talking on the phone with a starbucks coffee in her hand.", "A lady talking on a cellphone walking down a street holding a \nStarbucks cup."]
["A person who is taking a picture of something with his phone. ", "a couple of men in white are in a kitchen", "A man in military uniform looking at his phone.", "A man in a uniform is using a mobile device.", "some people and a male in a white jacket and his cellphone"]
["Two men, one dressed as a Roman warrior and using the phone, standing outside.", "A man in armor smokes and talks on a phone.", "Man in medevil cosplay smoking a cigarette and talking on the phone next to an old man.", "An elderly man stands next to a large armor clad youth.", "A man in a gladiator costume talking on a cell phone and another man without a costume."]
["a cell phone sits next to a plastic toy ", "Small yellow container attached to a digital camera. ", "An object laying on a table next to a small electronic device.", "A yellow key chain is attached to a cell phone.", "An orange keychain is next to a red camera."]
["A small digital camera and a pineapple keychain.", "Pineapple keychain sitting next to a digital camera. ", "Pineapple slice, cord and simple red digital camera.", "A piece of pineapple and a phone on a table.", "A keychain sits next to a small cell phone."]
["A cell phone has a ritz cracker like keychain.", "A smart phone on top of a table with a cookie attached to it.", "a big round yellow thing hooked on a cell phone", "The mobile phone has a trinket attached to it by a cord.", "A rubber cookie key ring attached to a cell phone"]
["Two women on a park bench while a man on a cell phone walks down the sidewalk.", "A person walking while using a cellular phone.", "The man is walking down the concrete on his phone.", "A man is walking on a sidewalk as people sit.", "A man on his cell phone walking past benches in a city"]
["Woman wearing a black coat holding up a red cellphone. ", "A dark haired woman is looking at her phone", "A woman holding a drink in her right hand.", "A woman is on her cell phone at a restaurant.", "A woman looking down on her phone in a shopping area."]
["woman studies a map while standing on street", "a person that is standing up outside looking at a map", "a woman is on the sidewalk with a map", "A tourist looking at a map to find directions.", "a woman opening up a travel map "]
["A smart phone sitting on a table next to a yellow donut.", "A phone and a food item sit on a table.", "A cellphone is sitting beside a pastry pinwheel.", "A camera and a cookie sitting on a table next to each other .", "A red and gray cell phone with a charm. "]
["A man sitting in a chair with his nipples hanging out.", "A man asleep in a chair with his cell phone.", "A man at his desk asleep with cell phone in his hand", "A male with his cell phone in his hand sitting in a chair unconscience.", "The man is asleep while he waits for a call."]
["A young man is posing in front of a camera. ", "A woman standing in the dark holding up a cell phone.", "A woman with a happy look holding up a cell phone.", "A woman on a cell phone with a bag.", "A woman holding a cell phone while a purse is over her shoulder."]
["Little girl stands in the room looking at a cell phone", "A little girl standing playing with a cellular phone.", "A small girl is looking down at a toy.", "A small girl is playing with a phone.", "A LITTLE GIRL IN A RED AND WHITE DRESS ON A CELLPHONE."]
["A beautiful little blond girl using a smart phone.", "A young girl in a  dress holding something", "A young girl in a dress plays with an iPhone.", "A young girl is playing with an object while standing up.", "Girl in red and white dress holding a mobile device."]
["A child standing in a room with a remote.", "A girl is in a living room in a party dress.", "A girl standing in a dress holding a remote controller.", "A little girl is wearing a red and white dress as she looks toward the camera.", "Young girl in dress standing on wooden floor in residential home."]
["A young girl in a red dress is smiling. ", "A cute little girl smiles for the camera", "A little girl that are standing near a chair.", "a small child in a kitchen on a wooden floor", "Girl in dress smiling on wood floor with chair"]
["A kitchen with a microwave, a refrigerator, and a dishwasher.", "A drab colored kitchen with a metal shelf and white cabinets.", "Appliances and counters in small kitchen area with metal shelving.", "The kitchen is clean and the light was left on. ", "a kitchen with a microwave and a sink and cupboards"]
["A man is poking at something in a pizza oven.", "A man placing baked goods into an oven.", "A man putting dough into an oven with a rack of pastries", "A man working in a restaurant removes food from the oven ", "A man putting something into a large brick oven"]
["A full view of a kitchen with stove and counters. ", "A kitchen with a stove and a kettle on it, a drawer with a towel hanging from it and a toaster over sitting on the counter. ", "A kitchen has a gold oven and white dishwasher.", "a kitchen with a stove a dish washer and a toaster oven", "A kitchen stove that has a kettle on top of it."]
["A great shot of a full kitchen and partially a table. ", "a clean white kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture", "A kitchen with both white colored and wooden cupboards.", "An oven and a microwave in a kitchen with dining room table and chairs.", "A plain, empty kitchen with white cabinets. "]
["A small room with wooden cabinets and two beds.", "A motor home has a refrigerator, stove, and two beds.", "A refrigerator and bed in a small room.", "A motor home that has a small refrigerator and beds on both sides", "A refrigerator surrounded by wood cabinets and single beds in a trailer."]
["A shiny vintage refrigerator inside of a camper.", "a retro style refrigeratior is mounted into a kitchen cabinet area. ", "an rv with a fridge and a bed in it. ", "A view inside an RV, including bed and refrigerator. ", "The door, fridge, and bed inside of a recreational vehicle. "]
["An advertisement from A Christmas Wonderland store with several GE products.", "A page in a General Electric's catalog advertising Christmas ideas.", "Electronics advertised on a paper for Christmas. ", "an ad for General Electric with clocks and appliances on it", "A various items such clocks and kitchen appliances are advertized. "]
["a red icebox that has some fans beside it", "A red refrigerator is standing next to two boxes that have fans in them.", "The refrigerator is on display in the window of the store.", "A red refrigerator in a window along with two fans in red boxes.", "The red refrigerator is next to a couple of fans in boxes. "]
["A row of clocks display the time for international travelers. ", "Clock with the time to various cities above a door way.", "An old fashioned elevator with clocks stating world time.", "A light shines on five clocks showing times in different zones.", "A dark image of multiple clocks set to different time zones."]
["A man is crouching in front of an open refrigerator.", "The man is cleaning out his refrigerator in his kitchen. ", "A man kneels down to take something out of a fridge. ", "A man kneels to put something into a refrigerator in a messy kitchen.", "Man leaning down in kitchen preparing to grab something out of a fridgerater."]
["A blender glass with several green vegetables in it.", "Many green vegetables are in the top of a blender.", "The blender pitcher is full of chopped vegetables.", "a blender filled with a lot of sliced cucumber ", "Some green vegetables that are in a blender."]
["A vase with a dozen tie-dye flowers in it", "a man in a red shirt standing in front of a vase filled with multi-colored roses sitting on a counter", "multi-color boutique of rose sitting on a granite counter top.", "a vase full of many multi colored flowers sitting on a counter ", "Assortment of colorful flowers in glass vase on table. "]
["a young man in a grey shirt is going to cut his hair ", "A young man is holding scissors near his hair.", "a man is shown holding some scissors to his head ", "A man is holding a pair of scissors to his hair.  ", "A young man is in the middle of cutting his hair while posing. "]
["A group of vintage metal trinkets with tags.", "a letter opener a box some books and some tags", "Antiques with labels laid out on a table.", "Silver items on a table with catelog notes.", "Several antiques are sitting on a table with white labels attached to them "]
["A photo of a street with a fountain and a clock tower.", "A tall brick tower with a clock at the top.", "A very tall block tower towering over a city under a cloudy blue sky.", "A picture of a large stand alone stone clock tower next to a fountain.", "A beautiful clock tower rises high about the water fountains in the plaza."]
["Food sitting on a table in yellow containers.", "a home made breakfast that looks super awful ", "Packed lunch of soup, sandwich, cheese, and olives.", "A selection of food, including soup, and sandwich, eggs, and cheese.", "Three bowls sit near a mouse and a bag."]
["Man is holding up a photograph and smiling ", "A man from a clock shop is holding up a photo of an enormous ribbon clock.", "A man in a shop holding a picture of two men.", "A man holding a photograph up in front of him with both hands.", "An older gentleman is holding up an antique at a clock store."]
["A large teddy bear sits in a chair outside of a shop selling hats", "A bear in a striped sweater stting in a chair next to an open door with hats hanging outside it ", "A teddy bear in a chair sits in front of a toy house.  ", "A teddy bear is sitting slumped in a chair.", "A teddy bear sitting in a rocking chair next to a display of hats."]
["A stuffed Christmas bear is laying on the floor next to its arm that has fallen off. ", "A broken teddy bear underneath a Christmas tree. ", "A teddy bear that has its arm ripped off. ", "A stuffed teddy bear sitting next to a tree.", "A teddy bear's arm laying next to a teddy bear. "]
["A white building with a clock on the front and side of it", "This a small building with a clock at the top. ", "A white tower surrounded by a fence in Greece. ", "A large building with a clock at the very top.", "A white clock tower with a clear blue sky."]
["A red rose sticking out of a glass vase.", "THERE IS A VASE WITH A ROSE INSIDE OF IT ", "there is a tall slim vase with a rose in it", "a glass vase sitting on a dresser with a rose in it", "A table with two jars and a vase with a single flower in it."]
["A large black vase under a hanging light in a room.", "A large vase is  in the center of a hotel lobby with a large chandelier above it.", "A large vase stand in the middle of an elegant lobby.", "Large ornate vase displayed on custom floor beneath hanging chandelier.", "A  vase and a chandelier in  the lobby. "]
["Two flowers sitting in a round vase near a window. ", "A table topped with a weird looking sculpture covered inf lowers.", "Two orange and yellow flowers decorate the ancient wood.", "A couple of flowers that are on a desk.", "A small black round vase with a couple flowers."]
["A green vase filed with red roses sitting on top of table.", "A bouquet of roses in a red walled road.", "a close up of a vase with flowers with a dark background", "The flowers are inside a colorful green vase.", "A green vase with several red roses in it."]
["Various bouquet of flowers in a vase outside.", "Arrangement of flowers in foreground with garden behind them.", "A vase that has some white and some pink flowers in it.", "Daisies and other bright flowers are in the vase.", "A bunch of flowers, in front of a forest."]
["A teapot can be used a vase for fresh flowers.", "A coffee like mug is holding real flowers on a table. ", "Fresh flowers and leaves in a porcelain jug", "A lot of flowers that are on a table.", "A vase filled with purple flowers and green plants."]
["A flower arrangement is standing on a table in a very ornately decorated area.", "Multi-color flowers in a pearl vase sitting on a table draped with a gold cloth.", "A bouquet of flowers decorates a gilded room with a tapestry.", "A shiny, silver vase holds a colorful bouquet of flowers beside an elegant looking chair, in front of a floral print design, behind a gold colored rail.", "A bouquet of flowers on a table next to a chair."]
["a pair of yellow scissors a ladle and some oven mitts", "An organization rack holds a ladle, some oven mitts, and a pair of scissors.", "Some hooks that are holding hot pads, a ladle, and a pair of scissors. ", "a couple of kitchen mitts are hanging up", "The kitchen supplies was hanging on the wall"]
["A pile of hair, scissors, razor, hand mirror and larger mirror.", "Someone has cut off their hair and left the evidence laying on the dresser.", "A pile of cut hair sitting next to a pair of scissors.", "a wooden table with a mirror and a mass of cut hair on white papers next to a pair of blue handled scissors.", "A pile of fresh hair clippings sitting on a dresser top."]
["A young boy holding a teddy bear by it's ears.", "A child is holding up a large teddy bear.", "A young child holding a teddy bear around his friends. ", "A child with his teddy bear that is carrying a backpack.", "A boy plays with the ears of a teddy bear."]
["A teddy bear sitting on a laptop computer.", "A teddy bear sitting at a desk in front of a laptop.", "A smiling brown and tan stuffed animal beside a computer.", "A brown teddy bear sits on a desk next to a computer", "The brown teddy bear is sitting on the table"]
["Stuffed bears are gathered together in a display for christmas.", "A bunch of stuffed bears altogether during Christmas.", "Many teddy bears are displayed in front of the trees.", "a couple of Christmas trees with some bears next by.", "A Christmas decorated area with many teddy bears. "]
["People are sitting at a counter in a busy restaurant.", "Group of people sitting down in a countertop restaurant together. ", "A busy diner serves many customers breakfast and drinks.", "A crowd of customers sitting inside of a diner as cooks prepare food.", "Three chefs are behind the counter of a grill full of customers. "]
["A couple of young men standing next to each other.", "Two young men sit at a kitchen bar covered with many things.", "Two young men sitting at a cluttered counter together", "One guy in a hat sits with arms folded while another checks his phone.", "A couple of guys standing at a counter."]
["a person standing next to a barrel of food", "A woman standing near a cart with buckets of food on it", "An old woman getting vegetables from a heavy loaded cart.", "A woman is standing in front of a cart which has buckets of mash potatoes, onions, peas, and gravy. ", "A lady stand in front of buckets with various ingredients. "]
["Naan bread, soup, and a drink are served on a cafeteria tray.", "A tray with soup, drink and food on it ", "a tray that has a bowl of soup, a sandwich, and a drink on it", "A red tray topped with pancakes next to a cup of soup and a can of soda.", "A bowl of soup with a drink and a plate of bread."]
["Two plastic containers have a soup and a salad in them.", "Two containers, one with a salad, and another with some sort of other food in it.", "Two containers with two different salads containing lettuce.", "The salad is ready to eat for lunch. ", "A tray of salad and a tray of salad toppings to the side."]
["Several people sit around a table in front of a large window and many bowls are filled with food.", "Three woman and a man all sitting together at a table enjoying a group meal.", "People having lunch together at a table in a restaurant. ", "A group of people are gathered around a tale of food.", "A group of women are sitting at a table eating lunch."]
["Smiling friends sharing a casual meal on a cool afternoon", "Two females sitting at a table in a restaurant.", "Two women sitting at a table at a restaurant together. ", "Two pretty young ladies sitting at a table together.", "Women at a lunch table with food and drinks."]
["A table with bread and cheese and plates and knife.", "Friends sharing a bread and cheese snack at home", "A wooden table with plates of food and bread.", "A brown table has plates of food and drink.", "there is a bowl of bread and a plate with spread on it"]
["A group of people sitting on top of a white blanket next to a bar of chocolate.", "A couple people sitting on the ground with various food items, including chocolate, between them. ", "People sitting with camping gear and food with a chocolate bar in the middle.", "people seated in a picnic setting with various types of food in the middle of them, including a chocolate bar.", "Some food and other items sitting on the ground."]
["two men in a kitchen making stuffed potatoes ", "A couple of men standing next to a  table with food on it.", "Two men stand at a kitchen island cooking.", "Two men preparing food in a kitchen. ", "Two men standing in a kitchen cooking food."]
["Two people served steak , potatoes, and green beans.", "A close up of a steak, mushrooms, and some green beans. ", "A steak dinner with mushrooms, green beans and potatoes with a woman about to eat her own steak in the background.", "Two plates of steak, mushrooms, roasted potatoes and green beans.", "A woman with a plate of meat and potatoes eating dinner"]
["a lady eating at a table holding up the peace sign", "A woman makes a peace sign in front of a fully set table.", "A lady sitting at a table with food and drink, holding up two fingers.", "A woman gives the peace sign at lunch with her friend", "A woman giving a peace sign at a table."]
["A group of people sitting and standing around a pot of food.", "A group of people sampling food at an outdoor event.", "people at an informal gathering eating under a tent", "A group of people have dinner together inside of a tent. ", "A large group of people eating under a tent."]
["A group of men sitting around a table eating food.", "Men sitting at a table smiling while eating food.", "A group of people enjoying a pot-luck dinner.", "A person at a table with some food.", "Two men sampling chili and beer in a tent."]
["A table topped with six glasses of booze.", "THERE ARE A LOT OF WINE GLASSES ON THE TABLE ", "Several glasses of wine are presented on a red mat.", "A table is full of wine glasses that have some wine poured into them. ", "Several wine glasses placed on a glass table filled with different wines."]
["A woman pouring glasses of wine sitting on top of a table.", "A woman is filling up glasses with wine", "A woman is pouring a large amount a wine into glasses.", "A lady pours wine into a long line of glasses at a serving table.", "A woman pouring wine into glasses on a table"]
["A man sitting at a table with a bunch of wine glasses.", "A table with many glasses of wine and a person sitting at table.", "The red wine on the bar intrigues the onlooking man.", "A man is sitting near three half full wine glasses.", "A close up of wine glasses filled with red wine. "]
["A person sits at an outdoor bar with a piece of paper.", "A person sitting at a counter that has a bottle on it.", "A boy looking at the camera while sitting at a wooden table.", "A young person seated at a wooden table with paper, a pen, and pineapple drink.", "A person sitting with a pen and paper in front of them."]
["People sitting at a bar looking at a map ", "three guys standing at a bar looking at a menu ", "Three men and a woman are at a table looking at a menu.", "People looking at a menu at a bar.", "A group of people sitting at a bar looking at a menu. "]
["A man on a bicycle passing by a taxi.", " a person riding a bicycle along a city street.", "A man on a bicycle pedaling down a city street.", "A person riding a bike near a car and building.", "A man riding a bike past a car."]
["A group of people that are sitting on bikes in the street.", "Careful bicycle riders add florescents to their clothes for safety in the dark.", "some people driving down the road with their bikes ", "At night on a street with a group of a bicycle riders riding down the road together.", "A group of young bicyclists on a city street at night."]
["three people holding wine glasses in the air before them while seated at a dining table.", "some people standing at a table holding onto bowls with desserts in them ", "three people sitting at a table with drinks", "Three people posing with sundaes in glass bowls.", "A man in a restaurant is smiling and holding two mugs with dessert in them while two men next to him are sticking out their tongues and one is holding up a spoon."]
["A parked silver Nissan Titan four door pickup truck.", "A grey truck drives down a street with a solid yellow line.", "A silver truck driving down a road next to a center divider.", "A silver Nissan truck is parked on the side of a road.", "The silver pick up truck is parked off to the side."]
["a couple of people are sitting on a wood bench", "Two men sitting on a street bench watching people walk by.", "Two old men sitting on a bench on the pathway. ", "Two elderly men sitting on a bench on a busy sidewalk.", "Two older men are sitting on a park bench."]
["Person on a motorcycle coming up to a stop sign on the street.", "A motorcycle drives down a street near a couple of cars.", "a person is riding a motorcycle and a few parked cars", "a person riding a bike on the street in traffic.", "A street scene with a man on a motorcycle next to a parking lot."]
["A picture of a man playing a violin in a kitchen.", "A man is playing violin in his kitchen", "A man is playing a fiddle in his kitchen.", "A man plays the violin in a home.", "An old man playing violin in a kitchen."]
["A man in a gray jacket standing in a kitchen next to a black dog.", "The dog is looking at the man holding something.", "A man standing in a kitchen with a dog watching him.", "A man with food in his hand and a black dog sitting nearby.", "a man standing in a kitchen with a black dog staring at him "]
["A kitchen with a piano and an automatic dishwasher.", "A woman standing in a kitchen near a piano.", "a piano next to a kitchen with a dishwasher and chair", "A piano is standing near several kitchen appliances. ", "A far away shot of a kitchen with a piano in the foreground "]
["A man holding two cups filled with dessert.", "A man in a restaurant holding ice cream sundaes. ", "A man in blue shirt holding two bowls full of ice cream.", "A man holding two desserts and making a face.", "a man holding two desserts in his hand near his mouth."]
["A woman siting at a table in front of a coffee cup in a a kitchen.", "A woman sits at the kitchen table with a cup of coffee.", "A lady sits at a table surrounded by many objects.", "A woman sitting at a kitchen table next to a mug and decorations.", "A woman sitting at a table with a coffee cup and a Halloween Decoration."]
["A modern kitchen with a fridge, island counter, hardwood floor, and deco ceiling artwork.", "A kitchen with lots of wooden cabinets and cupboards.", "Modern kitchen with stainless steel appliances and hardwood flooring. ", "A kitchen with wooden cabinets and an ornate chadelier", "A kitchen area with a counter, silver refrigerator and microwave."]
["Cooks standing in a kitchen preparing food for a restaurant.", "A waiter talking to kitchen staff at a restaurant. ", "A black and white image of a restaurant kitchen.", "a kitchen area with plates and people with a dark background", "A commercial kitchen bus line with men standing around it."]
["The kitchen features a table in the middle of the room.", "An empty kitchen with cook books propped up on table.", "A kitchen with narrow paneling on the walls and cupboards and a dining table in the middle.", "A kitchen table with chairs sticking out of it.", "A kitchen has a table and chairs, dishwasher, and stove in it."]
["Add you own paint or woodstain to these unfinished cabinets.", "many brown cabinets and two stoves inside a warehouse", "A line of unfinished cabinents in a warehouse.", "Uninstalled light wood cabinetry at an appliance store.", "a collection of light wood cabinets sit in a warehouse"]
["A desk with a book, computer and other electronic devices. ", "a desk with various electronic devices, including a pc", "A computer desk topped with a computer and a keyboard.", "Multiple electronics on a desk with a computer.", "A desk with a phone, remote and computer keyboard and screen."]
["A man sleeping on a navy blue pillow with a TV monitor in place of his head. ", " A young man sleeping on his side with some time of tv device over his face.", "A young man seems to be laying on a blue pillow with an alarm on his head. ", "A man with his head on pillow and small tv in front of his face.", "you can see a mans face in a small screen"]
["A grandmother standing next to a child in a kitchen.", "An older woman is standing in the kitchen with a child.", "Baby trying to open wooden cabinets under the sink.", "The little girl is trying hard to open the cabinets", "A woman and child stand in the kitchen. "]
["two women stand on a train platform waiting to board.", "Two people with a Pullman bag wait on the platform for a commuter train.", "A woman with a suitcase and a woman with a purse wait for a train at a station.", "A beautiful young woman standing next to a red piece of luggage.", "A couple of ladies standing with a luggage back waiting on a subway."]
["A lighted kitchen looks shiny clean and nice.", "A kitchen that is very nice and clean.", "The kitchen has been cleaned by the owner of the house.", "This kitchen is small but has a nice stainless steel refrigerator. ", "A kitchen scene complete with a refrigerator, sink and oven."]
["A kitchen counter with pots hanging above it and several objects in the corner.", "A small kitchen shows hanging pots and pans above a counter.", "A kitchen with pots and pans hanging on the ceiling.", "There is a small kitchen with pots hanging near the counters", "The interior of a kitchen with cookware hanging above a counter."]
["a girl sitting at a kitchen table in a home", "A little girl sitting at a dining room table in a house.", "A child sits at her kitchen table at home.", "a small girl sitting at a round table next to a kitchen", "Small child sits on a kitchen table in front of a kitchen. "]
["a cat resting on the ground next to some beer bottles and a table", "A cat sitting in a closet looking out ", "A smaller black cat is hiding under the table. ", "A black and white cat sitting between bottles and a furniture leg", "A cat us peeking out under a stool with bottles on the floor."]
["A group of women that are standing near each other.", "Three women standing in a kitchen next to each other.", "Three women who are standing in a kitchen.", "A picture three woman standing together in a kitchen.", "A young girl stands with two older women by a stove."]
["A group of people looking at an elephant.", "A family touching the trunk of an elephant ", "A man is at a zoo touching an elephant trunk.", "Elephant and it trainer stand in front of a crowd of people. ", "People pet an elephant at an outdoor zoo exhibit."]
["a female in a gray top is holding a cellphone", "A photo of a woman standing looking at her phone.", "A woman is standing in the kitchen using her phone.", "A woman standing in a room with a cell phone.", "a person in a kitchen with a cell phone"]
["A stuffed toy sitting at a dining table with a frosted cake and cups.", "Doll sitting in chair at the table in front of two wine glasses", "The table  in the apartment is set for two to have cake, and a doll is seated in one chair.", "A doll sitting at a table with plates on it", "a stuffed doll sits at a set table"]
["A white table topped with a laptop computer next to bowls of food.", "A laptop next to a host of bowls with vegetables and a loaf of bread.", "A small loaf of bread by some bowls of ingredients next to a laptop. ", "A laptop and some food on a dining table.", "a table that has food and a laptop on it"]
["A simple white residential kitchen with breakfast bar", "a large pretty white kitchen with a lot of items on the tops", "A kitchen filled with clutter and appliances and a flight of stars.", "A small white kitchen with brown wood floor.", "A kitchen has been organized with many appliances."]
["A woman standing in a kitchen with her hands clasp together. ", "An old woman in a kitchen clasping her hands and smiling.", "A woman is in a kitchen with her hands clasped.", "a person standing in the kitchen near the sink", "an old woman smiling in the corner of a kitchen"]
["Two people are standing in a kitchen talking about a phone", "And older man and older woman look at each other.", "Man and woman standing with man holding cell phone in kitchen", "a man and a woman and the man is holding a cellphone", "A couple is talking in the kitchen with a phone."]
["An old fashioned stove top oven with pots sitting on top of it.", "The old stove has three pots on it's burners. ", "A stove that has pots on top of it.", "An old fashioned stove with some pots on it.", "an old stove with some pots on top of it "]
["A sink sitting under a large bathroom mirror.", "a bathroom vanity and shower door with towels hanging on a towel rack", "A bright light in a clean fancy bathroom.", "The view of a restroom vanity with a small round sink.", "A bathroom with a sink, vanity and shower stall."]
["A public bathroom with a white sink and sign regarding dirty hands.", "items in a bathroom in a collection of pictures ", "Split image showing views of bathroom and sanitation warning sign.", "Multiple images of different areas of a public bathroom.", "A compilation of pictures of old bathroom fixtures."]
["This men's bathroom has two urinals and a sinks.", "a public males restroom with two urinals that are based on the floor", "An empty restroom with two urinals and a sink. ", "A public bathroom with a sink and two urinals.", "The public rest rooms are clean and ready for customers to use. "]
["A public bathroom sink and hand drying area.", "Two sinks side by side inside a clean public bathroom", "A view of two mirrors inside of a bathroom. ", "A clean store bathroom set of hand washing sinks. ", "A public restroom with two sinks and a paper towel and soap dispenser."]
["Decorated elephant statue near many bicycles in racks.", "an elephant statue that is raring up and a lot of bicycles behind it ", "An elephant statue in front of a rack of bikes.", "A giant elephant statue standing next to a row of yellow bikes.", "The statue of the elephant is next to the bikes in the city."]
["A bathroom sink with toothbrush holder and soap dispenser", "a close up of a bathroom sink with soap and tooth brushes in a cup", "A sink that has a container for toothbrushes on it's edge.", "A bathroom sink has soap and toothbrushes on it.", "A bathroom sink with a soap dispenser and toothbrush holder."]
["A black and white photo of a bicyclist.", "BICYCLIST WITH WHITE HAT AND BACKPACK CROSSING THE STREET", "A man riding a bike down a  street next to tall buildings.", "A man with a helmet on rides a bicycle.", "A man riding his bicycle down a street in the city. "]
["A walk in shower next to a tub in a bathroom.", "a white bathroom with a shower a tub a mirror and sink", "A wide shot of a bathroom with shower, sink, and bath.", "A very large bathroom with a shower, bath and two sinks.", "A bathroom with a sink, standup shower and tub."]
["A bike sitting next to a cup filled with coffee.", "Decorated coffee cup with spoon next to miniature bicycle.", "a coffee cup with a spoon and a small bike next to it", "A miniature bicycle that has been placed next to a drink.", "There is a mug decorated with birds and clouds next to a black toy bicycle of about the same size."]
["A bathroom with a large white sink and a door.", "A bathroom has a bathtub with pipes above it.", "a public male bathroom with a long white sink and tiled walls.", "an image of  a bathroom setting with a tub", "This is a large white sink located in the men's room."]
["Photo of bathroom with tank less toilet and beige and brown walls.", "A small toilet area that is gracefully decorated.", "A narrow bathroom has gold paint and a brown wall.", "A small bathroom with just a toilet and pictures on the wall.", "A small bathroom with a tiled back wall "]
["The man on the toilet is reading the paper.", "a young man sitting on the toilet and reading the newappaer", "A man sitting on the toilet and reading a newspaper. ", "A young man sitting on the toilet reading a newspaper.", "A man reading a paper on a toilet, in a bathroom."]
["an unattached toilet in the middle of a room with red tiled floors.", "A toilet sits in the middle of a brick living area.", "An uninstalled toilet and an uninstalled bath tub in a room with a grill, table and sink cabinet.", "a toilet on the ground outdoors near a bath tub", "A tiled outdoor area with toilet, grill and tub."]
["A bike leans on a wooden fence on a hill.", "A bike sitting in a field of wild flowers.", "A colorful photo of a bike against a fence with mountains in the back.", "A bicycle sits in a meadow of yellow flowers next to a mountain view.", "A bike parked by a railing in a field of flowers"]
["A white tiled bathroom with black counter top.", "A bathroom with white walls and a small shower.", "A bathroom with a sink, towels, and a shower.", "The bathroom has white tile walls and a large mirror.", "A white sink under a bathroom mirror on a bathroom counter."]
["A bus stopped on the side of the road while people board it.", "there is a bus that has a bike attached to the front", "People getting on a bus in the city", "People standing next to a bus that's on the street. ", "A city bus with a bicycle on the front makes a stop for people to board."]
["A huge crowd is walking down one side of a street.", "There is a large group of people on the road behind the police car.", "A street jam packed with cyclists being escorted", "a car leads a bunch of people down a street ", "A cop car driving down a street with a crowd walking behind it."]
["a washroom with a toilet basin, sink, sanitizers and bath tub", "a toilet a shower a tub a sink cabinets and a mirror", "A bathroom showing sink, toilet, and shower ", "A white toilet sitting next to a bath tub in a bathroom.", "A completely white bathroom with no shower curtain"]
["an image of two bikers at a cross walk", "The people on bikes are waiting to cross the road. ", "An Asian city with people wearing ventilation masks.", "Two people on bicycles waiting on a passing train.", "People stop in a city street to make way for a train."]
["A blue and white tooth brush sitting on a sink.", "A closeup of the bristles on a toothbrush.", "A worn out toothbrush is blue and white.", "Close up of the over-used bristles of a tooth brush", "A worn, blue toothbrush sits upon a sink."]
["A man on a bike looking at a line of semi-trucks in the street. ", "A person on a bike is standing next to tractor trailers. ", "A MAN ON HIS BICYCLE ON THE ROAD WITH SEMI TRUCKS", "Cyclist riding dressed for cold weather in down jacket and long pants next to shipping and receiving yard with 10-foot fence and line of delivery rigs under street lamps lit for evening.", "A man on a bicycle is looking at a semi truck."]
["A small bathroom with a striped tile floor.", "A quaint bathroom radiates in the morning light.", "A bathroom with white and brown for the colors", "A bathroom with a small vanity and a plaid rug.", "A bathroom with sink, toilet, and shower in it."]
["a group of vehicles parked next to a firehydrant", "a couple of vehicles are parked in a lot", "A car is illegally parked near a fire hydrant.", "A truck traveling down the street near a fire hydrant.", "A truck driving on a crowded street past several parked cars."]
["A sign posted on the side of a highway.", "An empty freeway has very dark clouds overhead.", "two signs on a pole a car a street and some buildings", "Black and white of highway with a gas pump sign and arrow on a pole and shopping buildings behind.", "A long road surrounded by tall buildings and street signs."]
["a cat sitting in a sink with its eyes open", "A black and whit cat sitting in a sink.", "a black cat that is sitting in a sink", "The black and white cat is sitting in a bathroom sink.", "A small cute cat sitting in the bathroom sink."]
["A black and white cat sits in a white sink.", "A black and white cat in a bathroom sink.", "A black and white cat is lounging in a bathroom sink.", "A black and white cat laying in the bathroom sink.", "A black and white cat sitting in a bathroom sink."]
["A car that seems to be parked illegally behind a legally parked car", "two cars parked on the sidewalk on the street", "City street with parked cars and a bench.", "Cars try to maneuver into parking spaces along a densely packed city street. ", "A couple of cars parked in a busy street sidewalk."]
["A cat sitting on top of a a black car.", "A cat is lying on the hood of a black car.", "An orange cat laying on top of a black car.", "A white and tan cat laying on top of a black BMW", "A cat sitting on top of a car and resting."]
["A trio of dogs sitting in their owner's lap in a red convertible.", "Three little dogs looking out a car window while sitting on a woman's lap. ", "A woman driver has three dogs in the seat with her.", "A woman and her three dogs in a car.", "Three dogs on the lap of a woman in the driver's seat of a convertible."]
["A highway filled with lots of traffic next to buildings.", "A large highway back up with rush hour traffic.", "There is a lot of traffic during this time of day. ", "a long pile up of cars lined through the city and around the buildings", "THERE IS AN IMAGE OF A BUSY STRET WITH THREE LANES OF HEAVY TRAFFIC"]
["A busy street is full of cars and a bus. ", "A VERY BUSY STREET WITH CARS AND A BUS", "Cars moving down street with bus moving past on one side", "Crowded city street with cars and buses on sunny day.", "A bus driving down a street next to a building."]
["A large white bush driving down a city street.", "White passenger bus passing through a city street. ", "a street with some cars a bus and a person on a bicycle", "Two white vehicles, one a car the other a bus, on a crowded street.", "Several cars are traveling on a city street while a bicyclist waits to cross the street."]
["A busy intersection with many cars and traffic lanes lies beneath an overpass.", "Traffic on a highway during the daytime. ", "There are many cars and buses on the busy highway.", "Tons of traffic are scattered down the busy highway. ", " A highway filled with heavy traffic near a cement bridge."]
["A bus turning a corner at an intersection.", "A bus in the city making a left turn.", "A passenger bus turning the corner on a city street. ", "A commuter bus driving down a busy city street.", "The bus has the lights on as it travels down the road."]
["A bus driving down a street next to a car.", "A picture of some cars stopped at a red light.", "A car passing a bus on in the evening traffic.", "A car and a red tour bus seemed to be stopped in traffic. ", "It is night time, and the city's  traffic lights are controlling the flow of traffic."]
["A green car on display next to a busy street.", "A sculpture of a green hot rod on a city sidewalk", "A sculpture of a hot rod sitting on a sidewalk.", "This is a city art piece of a small car.", "A small green vehicle model is on display next to a busy city street."]
["An old toilet with a hello kitty cover top. ", "A toilet with a Hello Kitty symbol on it.", "A toilette with a pink hello kitty toilette seat cover.", "A toilet with a Hello Kitty seat sitting in a room.", "A broken toilet bowl with  a Hello Kitty toilet seat cover."]
["A white compact car parked on a sandy dirt road.", "A car being driven onto two white flat things", "A man getting in a sport utility vehicle with surf boards on the roof.", "Man standing in open door of car on a desert road. ", "A man gets back into his car in the desert."]
["A couple of boats and car on a street.", "two small boats in a small body of water ", "A couple of small boats parked next to a red car.", "A car parked in front of building near boats.", "a couple of boats and a red car"]
["A couple of wooden benches sitting across from each other.", "a couple of benches that are next to a building", "a couple of wood benches are near a building", "Two empty benches in front of a building.", "Wooden benches on cement outside of commercial building."]
["A cat is sitting on a motorcycle looking in the mirror.", "there is a cat that is sitting on a bike", "A cat sitting on a motor scooter seat scratching its neck", "A cat sitting on a motorcycle looking at the mirror.", "A cat sitting on top of a parked motorcycle."]
["A dog  attached to a motor cycle by a leash.", "A dog attache by his leash to the side car of a motorcycle parked in a parking lot.", "A dog is tied to a cart on the side of a motorcycle", "a dog tied to a motorcycle with a side car in a parking lot ", "A dog waits as it is tied up to a motorcycle sidecar."]
["A beautiful woman with a blue fro brushing her teeth with a giant toothbrush.", "an image of a girl with a blue wig and a tootbrush", "A young woman with blue hair uses an oversized toothbrush.", "A woman with blue hair and a giant toothbrush", "A woman with a blue wig brushes her teeth. "]
["A couple of motorcycles parked next to each other.", "Two motorcycles parked near each other by a sewer", "2 different motor bikes parked next to each other ", "Two motorcycles are parked next to each other.", "a red motorcycle is parked by a sidewalk"]
["A couple of men herding sheep down a road.", "A rural wide street has sheep, bicycles and busses.", "Two people standing beside a flock of sheep on a busy road.", "A large group of sheep near two men", "As pedestrians move through a crowded town a herder moves his sheep."]
["A cat perched on top of  a white toilet seat.", "A cute little cat sticking its head in a toilet.", "a cat in a bath room looking inside of a toilet bowl", "A cat stands at the seat of a toilet.", "A grey and white cat sticking its head into a toilet."]
["a bunch of toilets that are next to each other", "A row of clean-looking, non-operational toilets with their lids down next to several lidless ones.", "A row of white toilets sitting on top of a floor.", "A bunch of white toilets with closed lids.", "Commodes displayed on cement floor side by side."]
["A bunch of garbage sitting in a cluttered area.", "a black and white photo of a toilet in a shack", "A toilet and a bush in a building.", "A black and white picture of a toilet beside a bunch of garbage. ", "Toilet, ladder, and potted plant among outdoor garden supplies."]
["A white toilet with a black lid and red painting on it. ", "a close up of a toilet with graffiti on the lid", "A bathroom with a black and white toilet and grey pipes.", "A dirty broken spray painted toilet in  a bathroom", "There is a very dirty public toilet stall"]
["a view of a bathroom area with a white long flusher and window behind it ", "Through a peephole there is a window, a toilet and a trash can.", "A peak into a long bathroom with a toilet, but no shower.", "A small narrow bathroom with white and black flooring", "A restroom with a window and a toilet sitting underneath it."]
["There is a older man on a motorized chair riding on the grass", "An older gentleman is riding a scooter as two people watch from the sidewalk.", "The man drives his motorized scooter while two women stand and watch.", "a woman and a girl are watching an old man riding on the grass", "Elderly man using electric wheel chair on grassy area with girl and woman looking on."]
["A woman hovering over food on a wooden table.", "an older Asian woman fixing food on a table", "A lady is preparing a table with dishes of food.", "A woman standing over a table of food. ", "A woman puts the finishing touches on several plates of food. "]
["A large yellow building has a clock on it.", "The tower of a building near a park with snow on the ground.", "A very large building, that appears to be a truck. ", "a building with a tower that contains a clock ", "A tall large building with a tower with a clock."]
["a couple of cats that are sitting on a fence", "A cat eating out of a bowl beside another cat.", " couple of cats are standing on a ledge", "two gray and white cats on a fence and plants", "Two grey and white cats sitting on a deck rail and one cat is eating out of a bowl."]
["An old brick city has water and a clock tower.", "Here is an image of an outside city with a clock.\n", "European architecture next to the water during the day time. ", "A cobble stone courtyard surrounded by buildings and a clock tower.", "A landscape photograph of an intricate and detailed architectural structure."]
["A cat and a metal bowl on a wooden platform.", "a black and white cat a fence and some silver bowls", "A cat is looking in the bowl on the ledge", "A gray and white cat peers into a pot left on the fence.", "Cat drinking from metal bowl on top of wood fence."]
["A library or store is full of books.", "some books in a store about motorcycles ", "A book shelf filled with different kinds of books.", "Books about motorcycles sit on a shelf near books about trains.", "a person holding a book in a book store"]
["a room with a computer monitor and a black cat on a chair", "A cat laying on top of a blue chair.", "A computer desk with an old pc and lots of clutter.", "Computer stand with large monitor in cluttered room.", "A cluttered home office with a cat sitting on the chair."]
["A motor bike stationary in a parking lot.", "a close up of a motorcycle parked in a parking lot", "A motorcycle parked in a parking lot near a car.", "A black motorcycle in a parking space next to a vehicle", "A black motorcycle parked in a parking spot."]
["A motorcycle parked in a courtyard in front of a small restaurant. ", "A red motorcycle parked in front of a store.", "A motorcycle is parked outside of a nice restaurant.", "A motorcycle with a helmet on it sitting outside a restaurant.", "The motorcycle is parked outside of a restaurant at night."]
["A television sits on a cabinet in a room.", "A bedroom with dresser and television on it.", "A room containing a TV, closet, and exit to the hallway.", "a living room with a television and dresser inside of it ", "An empty bedroom with a flat screen tv sitting on a dresser."]
["A man on a motorcycle with a passenger car attached, parked on the side of the street.", "A man riding a motorcycle next to a little car.", "The young man on the bike is parked at the edge of the street.", "A street scene with a man on a motorcycle and people in the background.", "Man driving a sidecar scooter in an alley."]
["A hot dog sitting on top of a white paper in a  bun.", "Two hotdogs with toppings sitting on table next to a cup of drink", "Two hotdogs and a drink sitting on an orange table.", "Two hot dogs with mustard, relish, ketchup, and onions.", "A couple of hotdogs that are on a table."]
["Empty bar or lounge before or after business hours.", "A restaurant that has many tables set up.", "An empty bar looks empty with all of it's clean tables. ", "Dining tables and chairs in a restaurant with dim lighting.", "A dinning hall with dark wooden furniture and circular light fixtures. "]
["Two adorable birds perched on a piece of bamboo.", "Two birds are sitting perched on a tree limb", "Two, small, colorful birds perched on a bamboo pole dotted with guano.", "two colorful birds siting on a tree branch next to each other", "Two small birds sitting on a piece of wood"]
["A couple of motor bikes and cars on a street.", "A pair of motorcycles parked in a bike slot.", "A busy day on the street including cars and motorcycles.", "Motorcycles parked in designated spaces in a parking lot.", "A parking lot scene with cars and motorcycles."]
["A lot of motorcycles parked next to each other.", "Several motorcycles parked in a garage along the street", "A orange and white motorcycle parked by several other motorcycles near a street.", "a group of dirt bikes parked next to each other under a covered area", "Several motorcycles stand in a row facing an open street."]
["A cat laying bed in a small room.", "A black and white cat is in a black bag.", "a close up of a cat laying on a bed", "a cat goes through a bag as it lays on a bed", "A cat on a bed partially inside a canvas bag"]
["A group of people riding on the backs of motorcycles.", "A motorcycle and another motorcycle with a sales stand stand parked in a square.", "People are standing around a street vendor's motorcycle.", "A group of people in next to motor scooters, in front of a store with Asian character writing on the awnings.", "people gather around a small motorcycle cart selling something"]
["A blue bench covered in different style bags.", "Purses are lined up on a bench outside.", "Several totes sitting on a bench outside. ", "Several shopping bags are sitting on a blue bench.", "A picture of an outside region that appears incredible. \n"]
["A dog on a leash in front of a closed door", "A dog on a leash is standing at the door", "A Scottie dog on a leash getting ready to board the elevator.", "Black and white photograph of a dog next to a door.", "A black and white terrier looks up at the camera. "]
["A long row of motorcycles parked side by side next to a garage.", "Motorcycles parked in front of a repair shop.", "Motorcycles are lined up in a row outside.", "Motorcycles for sale parking in a parking lot.", "6 motorcycles are sitting outside a shop in the grass."]
["Inside a tram waiting to go out the door. ", "A subway train with doors and circular rails.", "White windows and doors with signs on the walls. ", "The inside of a train is shown near the doors and window. ", "a tram car door as seen from the inside"]
["A service vehicle sits on a tarmac in front of a jet. ", "A white vehicle driving past an airport with an airplane in the background. ", "A van is traveling down the road with a plane in the background.", "An airliner is preparing to take off at the tarmac.", "An airplane and suv sitting on runways next to each other."]
["A big commercial plane flying high in the sky.", "A jet flying at a very high altitude with a very blue sky", "you can see there is a plane flying very high in the sky", "An airplane flies through the sky at some distance.", "View of airliner at great altitude in a cloudless sky."]
["a red and white plane is fling in the sky", "A plane with twin propellers flies through the air.", "A huge airplane with propellers flies across the blue sky.", "a very large airplane that is flying in the sky", "A red and white, two-propeller airplane in flight."]
["A shaggy haired sheep with its lambs next to it.", "three sheep grazing on an open field side by side", "A ewe and two lambs graze in a green field.", "Two newborn lambs are standing behind their mother. ", "two lambs standing in some grass next to a bigger sheep "]
["A large jetliner sitting on top of an airport runway.", "A plane riding down a runway of an airport.", "A airplane sitting on a runway at a small airport.", "An airplane on the runway of an airport.", "a airplane that is on a runway by some grass"]
["Lone giraffe standing in shade of tree in outdoor natural area.", "A zebra is standing beside a tree in the wild. ", "A giraffe is in the wild standing next to a tree. ", "A giraffe stands next to a tree on savannah.", "A giraffe standing in front of a tree with more trees in the background."]
["A giraffe standing in a lot filled with cars.", "A giraffe curiously looking in to a minivan at a wildlife park", "A giraffe lowers his head to look in the window of a minivan", "A large giraffe standing in the middle of traffic.", "The giraffe is walking by the vehicles that are parked."]
["A street scene with several cars and a bus.", "a busy city street with cars and a bus", "Vehicles traveling on a very busy street, in both directions.", "a bus and two cars are going down a two way street", "A gray car driving by a city bus on the opposite side of the street."]
["People walking and bicycling in a city street.", "bicycles riding in a crowded downtown city street", "Bicyclists taking up a lane at a traffic signal.", "there are many people walking across this street", "People ride their bikes through a busy city intersection."]
["bench located near the side of a ship", "A bench that is overlooking the ocean with life rings behind it.", "A boat floating on water next to another boat.", "A bench on a boat in the water.", "a long wooden bench on a boat on the ocean water"]
["People on the shore as boats sit in the water.", "A man walking next to a large blue round bench.", "A bench that is shaped like a semi circle, with a man sitting in it.", "a blue bike rack is by the grass", "some people some benches grass water boats and trees"]
["A power line with lots of different components.", "There are nine satelite dishes hanging off of a wire overlooking cloudy skies.", "Four lights are suspended from the traffic signal.", "Those look like they are oil lamps in the air.", "Several brackets hold up a large sign outside."]
["two people standing near a pole outside of a building ", "Some people on a street with some tables and chairs.", "A couple of people standing on the side of the street.", "Two people stand on the street in front of a restaurant.", "people stand outside of a shop where there are tables and chairs"]
["A road sign is next to a red traffic light. ", "Street lights with another large sign sitting next to it. ", "Traffic signs stand on city street that has a pink sky.", "A streetlight and sign in front of a purple sky.", "A traffic light located on a city street corner."]
["A giraffe grazing from feeder in dirt area next to trees.", "a giraffe standing with trees in the background", "A giraffe standing in a open rocky field.", "A giraffe standing next to a lush green forest.", "A giraffe is eating out of a feeder"]
["A lot of traffic on the road in the city.", "A small sign in the middle of a street by a traffic signal.", "an intersection filled with cars passing by signs", "A group of cars are driving in traffic. ", "A grey car is turned right at a stop light and a hazard sign was in his lane."]
["Woman eating on park bench pigeons around her", "A woman sitting on top of a wooden bench.", "A woman in a colorful headscarf sits eating on a bench surrounded by pigeons. ", "The woman sits on a wooden bench near a large flock of pigeons. ", "A woman with a blue head wrap sitting on a bench. "]
["A busy city street with many different vehicles.", "A city street filled with lots of traffic and lights.", "very many vehicle moving on the road with traffic lights", "Cars are crossing paths in an intersection, nearing accident.", "car traveling down a city street next to a gas station"]
["A city scene is shown with stop lights is shown.", "People standing by and taking pics of statues of two cats ", "A group of people stand in a dimly lit area between roads.", "In the city there are two animal statues.", "A street with traffic lights and cat sculptures."]
["Giraffes eating the branches of the trees in the field.", "Three giraffes grazing on leaves on a plain.", "A group of giraffe eating in a grassy wooded area.", "Three giraffes eating leaves off trees in the tundra.", "A herd of giraffes eating from trees on a plain."]
["A cat is perched upon a wooden bench that sits on a stone patio.", "A cat is sitting on a park bench.", "A cat sitting on a wooden bench on a sidewalk. ", "There's a black and brown cat sitting on a bench.", "A brown and black cat is sitting on a park bench."]
["A yellow taxi cab driving down a street near a bridge.", "Two cars are traveling on the road and wait at the traffic light.", "Traffic lights surmount the entry to a tunnel in a city.", "Two cars driving down the road under traffic lights.", "Two cars and out on the street going through a tunnel."]
["A cat that is sitting down on a wooden seat.", "a cat sitting on a wooden top over some vegetation ", "A cat sitting on a wooden bench outside in a garden area.", "The cat is grey and white in color", "A cat is sitting on a chair in a garden."]
["A man and two cats sit on a bench beside a body of water.", "a long bench with two cats and a person sitting on it", "A man sitting on a bench with two cats.", "a man sitting on a green bench next to two cats in front of the ocean.", "A man sitting on a bench next to the water."]
["A bus at a traffic intersection in a city. ", "A bus and cars sit on a street. ", "A bus parked on the side of the road", "A large passenger bus traveling down a paved road.", "A  big white city bus and some cars on a wide city street."]
["A yellow and red van that reads \" Foot Stinks \" on it's right passenger door.", "The creatively painted Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles van", "a yellow red and green van and a person", "A bus that is sitting on a street.", "A teenage mutant ninja turtle van parked on the side walk."]
["A traffic light surrounded by trees near a tall building.", "A traffic light hanging attached to a line.", "A sideways stoplight hangs next to some wires.  ", "A green traffic light next to a street sign.", "A traffic light showing green signal.Street sign board is there."]
["Traffic sign on W 28 St with photo of bicycle in the top.", "A street sign that has a no bicycle sign.", "A traffic light with a bike signal on a pole.", "a yellow colored traffic light and a street sign", "A stop sign is next to a tall apartment building."]
["A tour bus is parked on the curb waiting", "City bus parked on side of hotel in the rain.", "bus parked under an awning next to brick sidewalk", "A bus is parked on the curb in front of a building. ", "a double decked bus sits parked under an awning "]
["An umbrella is standing behind a red rectangular seat.", "A red bench sitting next to a  white umbrella.", "The bench near the umbrella is covered with red cloth.", "The bench is in front of a tower with foreign characters. ", "a bench with a red cover sitting next to a tower with writing on it "]
["A bus turning a corner on a city street.", "A transit bus making a turn at the corner of a downtown area.", "a city public transportation bus making a right hand turn", "A white passenger bus rounds the corner at an intersection in town.", "A bus making a right turn at an intersection."]
["a truck on a city street near a light pole", "a couple of cars that are out front of a buliding", "People walking in an area next to trucks and a building.", "A couple of people who are standing on a sidewalk.", "A couple walking down a street together at night."]
["An adorable brown and white dog sitting between two legs.", "A beagle-like dog looking up from where dog is laying under a person's legs.", "A dog looks up while sitting at the feet of a person.", "The dog is sitting on the floor in between two legs.  ", "A dog sitting on the floor between a person legs "]
["A red double decker bus parked next to a tall building.", "A red double decker bus waits for passengers.", "A red double decker bus is parked near the curb.", "A red, two level bus with it;s doors open on the street and passengers inside the bus.", "A red double-decker bus stopped on the street."]
["Cows walking down a street near a tour bus. ", "A couple of brown cows standing next to a bus.", "Cows walking in traffic down a city street. ", "Two cows are walking down a busy city street.", "Cows loose in traffic on a city street "]
["a group of people next to a train with a sky background", "A large group of commuters gathered at a transit station.", "A black and white photo of a busy urban street.", "a blakc and white photo of some old cable cars", "Some people that are standing out in the snow."]
["A family of sheep standing next to each other on a lush green field.", "Five sheep resting in the grass near a tree.", "A small group of sheep laying next to a guarded tree", "Sheep in the middle of a field with lots of green grass.", "Five sheep resting in meadow near fence-enclosed tree."]
["An intersection of wires and cables stretching over a traffic light.", "some electric wires a red traffic light and a yellow sign", "Electric tram wires and a traffic signal against blue sky", "a traffic light with a sky in the background", "A picture of a stoplight in the air."]
["An open window with a bench next to it", "A very steep stair case over a big bright window.", "A set of stairs has a window underneath it.", "a little window and a bench underneath a staircase\n", "A window with a bench is under a staircase."]
["Sheep out grazing in green grass on a farm ", "A herd of sheep are grazing in a field.", "There is a group of sheep standing on a grassy field.", "a number of sheep in a field of grass ", "Sheep grazing in a lush, green field on a lavish farm estate"]
["A man walks while a large number of sheep follow. ", "A man leads a large herd of sheep through town.", "A man leading a herd of sheep down the sheep", "The man is walking a herd of sheep on the road through a town. ", "A man is walking a herd of sheep down a street."]
["A bus loading and unloading passengers in front of a Pizza Hut", "A white bus parked near a Pizza Hut.", "a public transit bus on the side of a city street", "A bus parks along a city street next to a parking garage. ", "A tour bus waiting outside a hotel for pick up of tourists"]
["a transit bus on a street under a bridge", "A bus driving under an overpass next to buildings.", "A long bus that reads \"Bieber\" is parked on a street.", "A tour bus is driving under a bridge on the road.", "a big bus parked by the side of a building "]
["A picture of a stone bench in a park.", "A grouping of a cement bench, trash can, and news paper box in park.", "A park bench next to a trash can and newspaper rack in a park.", "a cement bench and garbage can next to a field with a cement sculpture", "A cement bench sitting next to trash cans."]
["A young man sitting on a bus up against a window.", "Young adult male sitting alone inside a bus.", "an image of a guy riding the bus", "A young man riding a transit bus looking at something.", "A man who is sitting in a bus looking away from the window."]
["a number of benches next to a tree", "A row of wooden park benches sitting near a tree.", "A park with four benches near the grass. ", "four wooden benches under the shade of a tree in the park", "there are four benches in this park and a tree in the middle. "]
["Two lambs that are standing in the grass.", "The sheep are grazing on the grassy field. ", "There are two sheep grazing on tall grass.", "Two shorn sheep graze on tall green grass in a sunny pasture.", "Two sheep grazing in a field of green."]
["A flock of sheep grazing in a field of grass.", "a herd of sheep stand and graze on some grass ", "A herd of sheep standing on top of a lush green field.", "many sheep on the field feeding on the grass", "Four white sheep grazing in a green pasture."]
["An orange traffic cone sitting in the middle of traffic.", "There does not seem to be a lot of traffic.", "Several vehicles are stopped at an intersection behind a red light.", "A street scene looking at cars and an intersection in the background.", "some cars a traffic light and some trees"]
["A group of people walking on a street by some cars.", "a black and white photo of a crowded street somewhere in an Asian country.", "A city street has a bus and a car.", "People walk on the sidewalk near a city bus.", "Black and white photograph of people walking on a sidewalk."]
["A bench overlooks a harbour with a lighthouse.", "A park bench sitting on top of a green hillside.", "Park benches facing out towards a lighthouse and harbor.", "The bench is on a hill over looking the light house.", "A picture of some grass and some water."]
["A bus on a divided street near a stop light.", "a public transit bus on a city street", "A bus is parked beside a street with several signs.", "A bus that is riding in the street underneath wires.", "A white and red bus driving down a busy street."]
["A white and blue city bus traveling down a city street.", "A bus is stopped and people are walking nearby.", "A public hybrid electric bus on the street with it's doors open, and people next to the bus.", "a red white and blue bus some people and buildings", "A hybrid electric commuter bus in a concrete city"]
["People are walking in front of a line of parked buses.", "A bunch of people cross a street as a bunch of buses wait for them to cross.", "A parking lot that has passenger buses parked there.", "Buses line up in a parking lot as pedestrians walk by.", "A bus station with many buses and people "]
["A red and white bus traveling down a street.", "A bus with a bike rack on the front of it", "A big bus parked on the side of the road ready to go. ", "There is a bus parked in a parking lot", "A silver bus is parked on the pavement. "]
["A large white bus driving down a street next to a sign.", "a bus is passing a gas station by the road", "Cars and bus on road near gas station. ", "city traffic including a white bus and two cars", "a bunch of cars that are on a street"]
["A bus that is sitting in the street.", "The extra long passenger bus is entering the intersection.", "City bus going through a busy city intersection.", "The city bus is driving through the intersection traffic. ", "A bus on the street with a lot of cars."]
["Three red double decker buses parked side by side.", "A series of double decker buses parked next to each other. ", "There are four buses parked in a row next to each other.", "Three red double decker buses that are parked and one green bus.", "three double deckered busses parked near a green truck"]
["A bench in the woods surrounded by leaves. ", "A rustic wooden bench is sitting in a heavily wooded area all alone.", "A wooden bench nestled in front of sparse woods.", "Wooden bench located in a lush wooded area.", "A lone wooden bench sitting in a wooded forest."]
["A bench sitting in a grassy area. ", "A park bench sitting in the woods ", "a bench near many different plant life near a path", "A wooden bench sitting next to a forest.", "A couple of old benches that are sitting in a grassy spot. "]
["An opened fire hydrant spills water onto a busy street.", "the fire hydrant is letting water out ", "A fire hydrant spilling water into a street near a fire truck.", "Flowing fire hydrant on a street in front of a fire truck", "A fire truck and ambulance parked next to a fire hydrant shooting water into the street."]
["The back of a bus riding on the street in traffic ", "Car's and buses going down a busy highway.", "the back of a bus from the San Mateo County Transit District on a highway", "Buses, cars and trucks are on a highway.", "A bus is driving on the highway near other vehicles."]
["a man assisting a woman shearing a sheep with several children watching", "A child sheering a sheep while others watch.", "A man and woman cutting some fur using scissors as a group of kids watches", "A family shearing a sheep at a festival.", "A man shaving the wool off of a sheep."]
["A white city bus traveling down a street with traffic.", "a white blue and orange bus and a traffic light", "A large white and yellow bus riding on a road.", "A large city bus driving through an intersection.", "A bus with bicycles attached to the front passing through an intersection."]
["A green mailbox with graffiti on the side", "A green mail box sitting next to a white brick building.", "A mailbox covered in graphitti next to a fire hydrant.", "Green mailbox sitting in front of a red fire hydrant. ", "A green box to drop mail into covered with graffiti "]
["A fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road near a building.", "a red fire hydrant is next to a yellow wall", "A very cute looking fire hydrant by a yellow wall.", "A fire hydrant in front of a building with two windows. ", "A fire hydrant stands out on the bright yellow wall. "]
["a bench surrounded by different types of plant life ", "A bench in a garden with gravel walkway", "A wooden bench sitting in the woods off a path.", "There is a wood bench in the garden.", "A wooden bench is out in nature on a nice day."]
["A fire hydrant by a sidewalk marked with paint.", "A fire hydrant in the grass next to a sidewalk with paint on it.", "a red fire hydrant at the corner of a street", "A red fire hydrant near a sidewalk that has been painted on.", "A red fire hydrant on the corner of a sidewalk"]
["A bus that is sitting in the street.", "A long white bus driving down a street.", "A large passenger bus going down a city street. ", "a bus moving down a road next to a street corner. ", "there is a large bus that is coming up the street"]
["A close up of a red fire hydrant next to a light pole.", "A fire hydrant next to a light pole.", "A red fire hydrant next to lampposts on a street.", "A red fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.", "Someone on a bike rides pass a a dual street light and a fire hydrant"]
["a red bus with an open upper deck", "A double deck tour bus riding through a city.", "A double decker bus tour of the city.", "A red double-decker bus on the street with tall buildings in the background. ", "A double decker bus is driving past some skyscrapers."]
["a black and white double decker bus and some cars", "A black and white double decker bus is on the road.", "A black double decker bus that gives ghost tours", "A double decked bus is stopped in traffic.", "A black double decker bus drives down the street with an advertisement on it."]
["a fire hydrant in a field with trees in the background", "A red fire hydrant that's out in the middle of nowhere. ", "A fire hydrant is at the top of a hill. ", "A fire hydrant in the grass near the woods.", "A red fire hydrant is set up in a grassy clearing."]
["View of a snow capped mountain above trees and a bench.", "A bench in a clearing at the foot of a mountain.", "A bench in some grass near some trees.", "A large mountain overlooks a bench and trees.", "A bench with a view of the mountains."]
["a big blue bus that is parked next to some cars", "A city bus parked at the curb ", "This silver and blue bus has a face painted on the front of it.", "A bus driving down a street with a bears face on it's front.", "A smiling dog painted on the front of a large blue bus."]
["Two men and a woman sit on a park bench", "A black and white photo of two men and a woman on a bench.", "Service man sitting on park bench with two other people.", "A woman is flanked by two men sitting on a bench in an outdoor area.", "A 1950's photo showing a two young men, one in military uniform, flanking a young woman on a bench"]
["A bench sitting on the side of an empty walking path.", "A wooden park bench next to an empty road.", "An empty road in a park with one bench. ", "A wooden bench, on the side of a road.", "A wooden park bench next to a country road."]
["a bench  sitting by a wall and surrounded by purple flowers ", "A bench and flowers sitting in front of a stone wall.", "a wood bench with some flowers next to it.", "The flowers are next to the open  bench", "A bench that is sitting against a wall."]
["A bus and car wait at an intersection on a city street.", "A city bus stopped at a crosswalk on a street.", "A bus driving down a street next to buildings.", "This is a bus traveling down a street. ", "White bus with red and blue marking at street intersection in urban setting."]
["A empty park bench that is near some flowers.", "A bench and seat in the middle of a park", "A row of park benches sitting next to a park.", "The park benches are put next to the planters.", "there are many black benches on the side of the grass"]
["Firetruck driving through city with lights on, fast.", "A red fire truck driving down the middle of a street.", "a red fire truck driving down a road. ", "A firetruck that is sitting in the street.", "The fire truck is moving through the streets. "]
["A group of giraffes hang around in the zoo.", "Several giraffes eating and moving around their habitat.", "Two giraffes nuzzle each other in a zoo as the others search the ground.", "A herd of giraffe standing on a dirt hill at a zoo.", "Two giraffes snuggling among a group of giraffes."]
["Four giraffes huddling around a tree inside a fenced area.", "A lot of animals that are walking around the dirt.", "Several giraffes stand around a tree in the zoo.", "Four giraffes encircle the palm tree within the fence.", "A group of giraffe standing next to a wooden tree."]
["There is a bus and a car on the road.", "A multi colored bus with a silver sedan on the side of it.", "A car next to a bus on a city street", "A bus being passed by a car on the road.", "A car and a city bus sit side by side on the street. "]
["A grey discolored fire hydrants stands on the street.", "A fire hydrant on a city street sidewalk.", "A rusty hydrant has some graffiti on it.", "A fire hydrant with an open outlet sitting on a sidewalk.", "An old fire hydrant on an empty sidewalk."]
["A white fire hydrant next to a red newspaper dispenser.", "A white fire hydrant next to a newspaper dispenser.  ", "The white fire hydrant is on the side of the road. ", "A water hydrant near a booth with some vehicles in the background.", "A fire hydrant next to a paper box on a city street."]
["a yellow and white fire hydrant near a building", "A yellow and white fire hydrant sitting next to train tracks.", "a yellow and white fire hydrant near railroad tracks. ", "A fire hydrant in front of a railroad track.", "a yellow and white fire hydrant sitting close to some tracks "]
["a group of giraffes standing near one another with trees in the background", "A close up of several giraffes standing around under a tree.", "Colorful giraffes are grazing by some green trees.", "three giraffes standing next to trees and shrubbery.", "Several giraffes are standing near some trees, one is eating."]
["A large bus is parked outside a building.", "A city bus is parked along side the street.", "A bus on the side of the street. ", "a public transit bus on a city street", "A double decker transit bus parks by a blue on the side of the street in front of a brick building in the city."]
["A tropical bird perches on a rope surrounded by greenery. ", "A bird in the rainforest that looks like it has two beaks. ", "A large black bird with a large orange  beak sitting on a rope.", "This is an exotic bird standing on a rope in a jungle.", "A bird that is sitting on a rope by some trees."]
["A red bus on street next to buildings.", "a public transit bus on a city street", "A large red bus on a city street.", "A red bus crossing a street next to tall buildings.", "A red bus is parked along the side of a street"]
["a yellow bus that is next to a curb", "there is a green bus that is stopped at the bus stop", "a green bus is sitting by a curb", "A lime green bus parked in front of parking meters.", "A green bus at a street with a tree by it."]
["a white bus is on a city street", "A street shot centers mainly on a bus alongside a sidewalk with a sign and bus stop conveyance, that is also right behind the rear part of a second bus, though a periphery section past the bus shows trees and a turning truck. ", "Several vehicles are moving along a city street.", "a couple of city buses drive down a street ", "A bus getting ready to make a stop in a city."]
["A yellow bus driving down a road under a tall structure.", "A yellow bus is parked alongside a curb", "a yellow bus going under an underpass ", "Bright yellow bus on street in large city.", "a big yellow bus that is parked by a building"]
["a fire hydrant on a sidewalk near a street", "There is a fire hydrant on the side of the road. ", "A fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.", "a green fire hydrant siting by a yellow pole ", "A fire hydrant that is on a sidewalk."]
["A city bus is parked along the side of a street.", "A city bus is traveling down a city street.", "A large passenger bus traveling on a road.", "A bus that is driving down the road.", "A street scene with the city bus going by."]
["A photo of a bus driving down the road.", "A bus driving down a street past a jack in the box.", "A transit bus driving down a highway by some fast food restaurants.", "A white and red bus on street next to buildings.", "A colorful bus is in traffic near a Jack in the Box and Church's Chicken."]
["Two roosters standing next to a wooden fence.", "A group of chickens standing next to a red fire hydrant.", "A red fire hydrant with some chickens near it.", "Two roosters on the ground by a fence ", "Two roosters walking next to a fence, near a fire hydrant."]
["A small brown bird is sitting inside by a window.", "A little brown bird sits on a white ledge near a window.", "A little brown bird sitting by a window.", "The orange legs are striking on this drab brown bird.", "A bird near a window during the day."]
["An orange and grey trolley on street next to a building.", "A trolley is traveling down the street along a cable. ", "a big empty yellow bus in front of a store", "A large trolley going down a city street.", "An orange trolley is on the street next to a building with a lot of windows."]
["A blue, white and red fire hydrant sitting on a sidewalk.", "A red white and blue fire hydrant next to a street filled with vehicles at night.", "An old fire hydrant is painted red, white and blue.", "RED WHITE AND BLUE FIRE HYDRANT NEAR A BUSY STREET AT NIGHT", "a patriotic red white and blue fire hydrant"]
["Giraffes have a very long tongue to go with their long neck.", "Some people standing by a small pen with three giraffes in it. ", "a couple of people stand in front of some giraffes ", "A person standing by a fence and some giraffe.", "A man feeding giraffes with pellets as others watch"]
["a city bus drives down a street next to a building ", "A bus driving down a street past some buildings.", "Street with townhouses along it and a bus driving up it.", "a public transit bus on a city street ", "A bus pulls up to a village on a near empty road."]
["A fire hydrant with a blue jacket on top of it.", "A blue jacket laying on top of a fire hydrant", "a coat sitting on top of a metal pipe in the corner of the yard", "A fire hydrant covered in a blue rainbow jacket.", "Blue jacket sitting on top of a fire hydrant. "]
["A bus traveling past a traffic light next to a tree.", "A bus sitting on the side of the road, during the day.", "the town bus is driving down the track", "A city bus is stopped at a light on a sunny day.", "A bus that is pulled over to the side of the road."]
["A red and white fire hydrant is on the lawn.", "Red and silver fire hydrant at the edge of grass near street.", "A red and white fire hydrant at the corner of a street.", "A fire hydrant sits near the curb along a road. ", "A red fire hydrant with silver top on side of street."]
["A red and white painted fire plug on the sidewalk.", "Fire hydrant on side of the sidewalk next to a crosswalk", "a red and white fire hydrogen that is by a curb", "A fire hydrant that is sitting on a sidewalk.", "Red and white fire hydrant sitting on the side of the road. "]
["A man and two sheep stand on green grass with a castle in the background.", "a man standing next to a sheep and horse on a little hill ", "A man walking with two animals following him with a big building behind him.", "a person with a few sheep at a grassy hill", "A person standing with a cane in grass, in front of two sheep, with a castle in the far distance, and cloudy blue sky above."]
["An oxen looking at a giraffe near some trees.", "A giraffe and animal with large horns in grassy area.", "A big horned cow and a giraffe together in a field.", "A giraffe and a cow are in a fenced enclosure.", "A smaller bull is staring at the much bigger giraffe. "]
["A flock of birds gathered on and around some people in the rain.", "A boy in a raincoat is standing among pigeons while a person with umbrella looks on.", "The child is entertaining the pigeons in the rain.", "Child in yellow raincoat with birds sitting on top of her. ", "A child in a rain coat with birds surrounding them."]
["a white and yellow bus and its driver", "A bus with an advertisement  in a foreign language. ", "A bus in Japan has anime characters painted on its sides", "A brightly colored handicap accessible bus pulls away from the roadside. ", "a yellow and white bus is driving down the street"]
["A group of giraffe standing on top of a lush green field.", "Three giraffes standing in the sun in the woods. ", "A group of giraffes that are standing in the grass.", "a bunch of giraffes walk around in a vegetation area ", "A group of giraffes standing and grazing in a forest."]
["A man that is standing in the street near a bus.", "A man in a suit walking through a cross walk on a street filled with traffic. ", "A person crossing a street by a large bus.", "A man is walking across a street by a bus.", "A man walks across the street at a city intersection."]
["a man standing on a sidewalk outside a parkded bus", "Adults standing on sidewalk at intersection with commuter bus.", "A man walking towards a curb when a bus is passing by. ", "A bus parked by the curb in a city ", "There is a picture of an outside area.\n"]
["A large bus is stopped at a red stoplight.", "A passenger bus is travelling on the street.", "A bus driving down a street past traffic lights.", "A bus driving through a street intersection behind a car.", "A bus going through an intersection with trees and parked cars near the sidewalks"]
["A bus driving down a street past tall houses.", "A city transit bus pulled up to a curb across from a car.", "a bus with an advertisement on a street.", "A bus with a fast food ad showing a great deal. ", "a bus stopped to pick up passengers and a red truck"]
["A busy street at night with parked cars on the side.", "Automobiles and motorcycles are parked on the side of a busy street in the evening. ", "A crowd of motorbikes parked along a busy street in a small city.", "a busy city with cares and mopeds everywhere", "BUSY CITY STREET AT DUSK WITH SUN SETTING IN BACKGROUND"]
["Two long buses parked on the side of a road.", "A few buses are parked outside in a line. ", "two blue and yellow buses lined up on a street", "Several buses line up in a town, outside a building", "Three buses parked in row on a street."]
["People walking down a residential street where cars are parked.", "Pedestrians and parked cars on a small village street", "Cars parked in the street of a town.", "Cars are parked on a street near people walking.", "A street filled with traffic next to tall buildings."]
["a purple bus standing outside the building and a woman coming out", "A purple triple decker passenger bus waits for riders.", "A very large purple triple decker bus with a person standing on it.", "A triple decker purple bus is fenced in.", "A large triple deck bus parked on a street."]
["A giraffe that is laying on the ground.", "A giraffe lays down in an enclosure. ", "some giraffes dirt trees fence and a building", "A giraffe sitting down while another giraffes eats on branches. ", "Three giraffes, one seated on some dirt, the other two standing."]
["A large group of chickens stand together in a building. ", "THERE ARE A LOT OF WHITE CHICKENS IN A ROOM", "One chicken is hurt in this large chicken farm.", "A very big building with a bunch of chickens.", "A large building of chickens with one lying down."]
["A flock of birds standing on top of a metal set of bars.", "Birds walking along the edge of metal structure below a clock.", "Eight birds sit on a metal arch way over a street. ", "a group of birds sitting on a structure all together  ", "Birds perched on green iron rails with a clock."]
["A duck and baby ducks are in the blue water.", "A mother swan watches over her young babies", "a goose and baby geese in a body of water", "A swan and her babies floating on a lake together.", "A few baby birds are swimming next to their mother."]
["A blue street sign attached to a pole.", "A street sign with some writing on it in white.", "a close up of a street sign on a pole ", "A blue street sign on a pole, on a clear day.", "A blue street sign that reads Prof. Verbernelaan."]
["A group of giraffes near a dirt road.", "a number of giraffes on a road ", "Several giraffes that are next to a dirt road.", "A group of giraffes stand on the side of a road", "Four giraffes are standing close together by a dirt road."]
["Two birds on a parking bay with cars", "A parking lot with two seagulls next to the cars.", "A goose and another type bird in a parking lot ", "Two geese walking in a parking lot. ", "Two ducks walk across a parking lot in front of some cars."]
["A seagull sitting on the pier with the light house behind him.", "A bird is sitting on the rail next to the lake and a light house. ", "White bird sitting in front of a lighthouse with a red roof. ", "A seagull rests on a concrete wall, with the ocean and a lighthouse in the background.", "A seagull sitting on a cement ledge across from a lighthouse port."]
["A group of small exotic birds standing on a large bamboo stick.", "A group of colorful birds huddled together. ", "Colorful birds resting on a hollow log together.", "A family of parakeets in a number of different colors.", "Colorful birds huddled together on a large branch."]
["A street sign with the name of a street on it, and next to it is a post with various names up and down the post.", "A street sign has a long row of peoples names on it.", "A street sign stands besides a wooden post with many signs, both at the side of the road.", "A family name sign post next to a street sign", "a metal pole with a single sign is next to a wood pole with many signs"]
["A small white bard with  a long beak on a branch.", "A small bird standing on some tree branches", "The beak of the hummingbird enables it to suck nectar easily from many flower varieties.", "a closeup of a small bird in trees", "A bird perched on a branch in a forest."]
["Some signs on a street corner near some buildings.", "Multiple signs in the middle of a small town area.", "A strew with street signs next to a brick building.", "a building with some blue street signs next to it ", "A nice neighborhood in the country of Belgium."]
["A train caboose is sitting beside train tracks.", "An abandoned train cart is next to a house.", "This is a train that is parked near a building. ", "A train that is stationary off of the track. ", "A trailer that is near railing under a cloudy sky. "]
["A train travels down the tracks of a covered bridge.", "a train is in a tunnel by a station", "A gray train is on a train track near a long tunnel.", "a silver and blue train is on its track", "A passenger train that is pulling into a station."]
["A train in a trainstation with many people nearby. ", "People looking at a train carriage behind a barrier in a warehouse", "Commuter train at station with passengers on nearby platform.", "a parked train sitting in a garage ", "A train is at rest as passengers view it at the station"]
["A truck crosses train tracks near an oncoming train. ", "A truck stopped at the tracks while a train is approaching.", "a truck on a train track with an oncoming train", "The truck is crossing the train tracks as the train approaches.", "A train on a train track running through a city."]
["A cat looks tired while wearing a small plastic hat.", "a cat with a plastic baseball hat laying on a pillow ", "A yellow cat wears a blue plastic sports hat.", "A PICTURE OF A ORANGE CAT WITH A BASEBALL CAP ON ", "A cat laying on its stomach wearing a hat."]
["An unhappy cat wearing a puffy pink beanie", "The black and white cat is wearing a pink hat. ", "A black and white cat with a pink hat on.", "A tuxedo cat is wearing a pink knitted hat.", "A black and white cat wearing a pink hat"]
["A cat is wearing a pink wool hat.", "Brown cat with a pink knit had sitting on top of its head. ", "Brown tabby cat wearing a purple knit hat.", "a orange cat with a purple hat on its head", "A cat sitting down with a purple hat on its head."]
["A lake filled with ducks floating on top of it.", "A group of mallards swimming in a lake, with trees in the background.", "Several ducks are out in the middle of a lake.", "Ducks are floating on the water at the park", "a bunch of ducks are swimming in a big lake."]
["This is a picture of a post with several street signs attached. ", "a number of street signs on a pole on a city street", "A group of street signs hanging from a metal pole.", "A pole with several street and traffic signs on it. ", "A street sign on the corner of Wall Street and William Street."]
["Ducks are gathered on rocks beside a body of water.", "a bunch of ducks new to a pond of water", "A bunch of birds are gathered around the waters edge near some rocks. ", "A group of ducks sitting on the rocks next to a lake.", "Ducks are sitting on a rocky edge of the water."]
["A road that has a car driving down it.", "A car is coming down a winding road. ", "a red soda machine on a long road", "A lot of building on each side of the road, with a very curvy road in the middle.", "A car that is sitting int he street near a building."]
["A group of elephants are standing under a roof cover.", "Four elephants, two babies, and two that are adults standing together.", "Four elephants that are wandering around in their enclosure.", "A group of elephants under a pavilion next to trees.", "A group of elephants taking cover from the sun under an area with a canopy."]
["a close up of a dog sitting wearing a hat", "A dog wearing a striped elf hat sits in the snow.", "A dog is wearing an elf hat in the snow.", "A dog wearing an elf hat sits in the snow.", "Brown and white dog in Christmas hat standing in the snow."]
["A young boy holding a baseball bat and a  stick.", "A boy is on a baseball field holding a broken bat.", "Young boy carrying a broken baseball bat across baseball field.", "A little boy with a broken base ball bat walking on the field.", "a boy walking with his broke bat in hand."]
["A small train ride carrying people around a park", "A small open air passenger train with people aboard is giving off a cloud of steam or smoke.", "A train is traveling down a rail in a beautiful park full of people. ", "A small sight-seeing train, running on tracks through a park.", "A train carrying a green cart with people on it."]
["An adult sheep leaning towards a newborn sheep in a hay filled area.", "A sheep and lamb standing perpendicular to one another.", "The vicious sheep bends down to bite the small black lamb.", "A sheep and a baby sheep in some hay.", "A mother sheep and a baby lamb are standing in hay."]
["A person standing by a fence with a sheep.", "a woman is standing next to a goat", "A woman smiles while standing near a sheep.", "A lady is smiling for the camera in front of a sheep.", "A young woman smiles in front of a sheep.", "A woman smiles while standing in front of a sheep. "]
["A women who is standing by a barb wire fence.", "A woman walking past a fence with animals on it.", "The woman wearing a coat stands near sheep behind a fence.", "a little kid walks next to a fence and sheep ", "A woman stands in the forefront with some livestock behind her in a field near a house on the ocean."]
["A lone woman stands at an empty train station.", "A person in a deserted subway station waits for the train to pass. ", "A man standing on a subway platform next to a train.", "We see a woman waiting on a subway platform.", "A person that is walking for a train."]
["a small toys with so many people in it", "People riding a small train on a mini track . ", "kids riding around on a little colorful train ", "A small child's train traveling down train tracks near a field.", "A small train being ridden by a few people."]
["A large body of water in front of a shoreline with a long train bridge.", "A train crossing a bridge that is going over a body of water.", "A train travels over a body of water.", "Passenger train passing over an ocean on a bridge. ", "A far off view of a mono rail and piers"]
["A railroad train passing a field of cows", "A train passes the countryside with cows grazing.", "An field with cows and a train passing by.", "Animals graze on grass in the green pasture.", "A train on a track going near some cows."]
["a blue and white passenger train coming to a stop", "An MTA train next to a platform with an awning.", "A train is heading down the railroad tracks. ", "A train that is on it's tracks next to a station.", "A commuter train passes a stop in front of a large building."]
["A platform at a train station with a train on either side.", "There is a train parked at a station", "There are some trains on two tracks on each side.", "Two trains pulled into a train station next to each other.", "Two trains are pulled up to a passenger zone."]
["A city train as it travels down the tracks.", "Train riding the tracks coming to the station", "A train passing under a series of metal girders", "A train driving over a bridge on the tracks.", "A white and green train traveling along train tracks."]
["a train moving along the track on a hillside near a mountain", "A train winds its way down a mountain track.", "A train ridding on a rail with a large view of a mountain range.", "A train is moving along on a track that appears to lead right into the snowy mountains.", "a train on a train track with mountains in the background"]
["A small train is going through a garden with people watching. ", "People waiting on a train platform in a wooded area ", "a train being operated on train tracks with trees in the background", "There is a train stopped at a station.", "Small red and white train passing while people take pictures."]
["A green and white street sign that reads \"lincoln av e.\"", "A street sign reads \"Lincoln\" ave below the trees.", "The street sign is near a very large tree.", "A green street sign next to some trees.", "The name of the street is Lincoln Ave "]
["This is the side of an intersection with a red sign", "A side of a building with a variety of signs.", "a building with some street signs and bars on the windows ", "Red and white stop sign sitting on the front of the building. ", "A building set with wrought iron bars on the windows."]
["A green street sign hanging from a metal pole.", "A street sign on the corner of Brad Street", "A street sign on a corner with two signs ", "An intersection street sign with one sign reading Brad St.", "A double street sign atop a pole with a stop sign."]
["There are very few people inside of the large train station.", "People walking in a building that has columns.", "A large lobby with a train on the wall", "two people walking in a building with a train painting on the wall", "People walking through a lobby filled with large white pillars."]
["The train image on the wall is beautiful.", "a painted mural on the wall of people waiting at the train station", "A painting on the side of a wall of two different trains", "A mural of people at a train station.", "Mural of past passengers and trains on a station wall"]
["Cars riding on the street across a train on the tracks", "A train moves through the city on its tracks.", "there is a train that is coming up the tracks", "A train travels along the side of a road.", "A passenger trains speeding through the city on a train track."]
["A humorous street sign is pictured in this image.", "A sign in a city street that says, \"Smile between the hours of 5pm and 9am\".", "A sign on a street post advises smiling.", "A sign ordering viewers to smile at a certain time.", "A smile sign on a street corner, in a city."]
["A silver and black train passing under a bridge.", "A subway train passing beneath an underground tunnel", "A large long train on a steel track.", "A train is coming through a tunnel in a quiet city.", "An electric commuter train emerging from a tunnel"]
["A red sign posted to a pole in front of a tall building.", "There is a red sign attached to a street pole", "A red sign posted on a steel pole", "The maroon sign has been written in white words.", "A street sign that references a brick on it"]
["A blurred train is going under a bridge.", "An urban train passes swiftly by under a bridge", "A train traveling on a train track next to railway platform.", "a white and orange train is going down the track", "a train speeding down a track in the city"]
["Street signs on an empty city street intersection. ", "close up of a street sign with a sky background", "A street sign at the crosswalk of a road.", "Retail store as seen from the corner of Broadway and Seventh", "A street corner has a sign, and across the street is a store."]
["This is an image of an elevated train in the city.", "a train bridge going through the middle of a city.", "Several buildings are standing behind a bridge. ", "Two trains going in opposite directions on tracks over busy streets.", "Urban scene of elevated train going  over a busy street."]
["an amtrak train going down a track underneath a bridge", "an Amtrak train moving long train tracks in a city", "there is a amtrak train that can be seen on the tracks", "An Amtrak train is going under a bridge.", "thi8s blue train is riding on the tacks", "A silver and blue train traveling down tracks."]
["A silver and blue Amtrak train sitting below tall buildings.", "An Amtrak train engine at the station on a sunny day", "An Amtrak train rolling down the tracks of a city.", "Train at a train station on a clear day in a city.", "A silver blue train parked in a train station."]
["A train traveling down train tracks next to traffic signals.", "A train is on the track with buildings in the background.", "There is a silver train passing by on the railroad", "A train travels down the tracks towards a group of buildings. ", "A grey and white train passing under a bridge."]
["Two people walking a way from a train waiting at a train station", "A train stopped at a train station next to orange cones.", "a white and blue train is at a train stop", "A train is arriving to the virtually empty platform.", "An engine train sitting idly on the tracks. "]
["A white and blue train heading towards a sign in the foreground.", "a train on a train track with a sky background", "A train travelling on some train tracks on the edge of a town.", "A train is shown coming from trees on a track.", "a yellow train approaching along the train tracks"]
["TWO ELECTRIC TRAIN COMPARTMENTS STANDING NEAR TO A BUILDING.", "Two train cars on separate tracks parked next to each other.", "A train is sitting on the train station ", "Two blue and yellow trains parked next to each other on train tracks.", "an image two blue and yellow shuttles next to each other"]
["A train with a green and orange stripe is sitting on the tracks.", "A very long pretty train in a big terminal.", "Two train side by side at a train station. ", "A passenger train on the tracks in a station.", "A passenger train that is pulling into the station."]
["A green, orange and white train in a train station.", "There is a train that has pulled into the station", "Two passengers sit on separate tracks inside a train station. ", "A large long train on a steel track.", "A subway bus traveling along through a terminal."]
["A white street sign sitting on the side of a road.", "A sign located on the street stating no peddling.", "A sign in a city street is stating no peddling.", "A street sign indicating no peddling is allowed.", "A \"No Peddling\" sign stands on the side of a road."]
["A silver and red train traveling down a busy city street.", "A grey train passes on a city street.", "Electric rail cars move along a track between automobile traffic lanes. ", "A silver and orange bus is on a city street.", "The trolley for the San Francisco Zoo is on its tracks."]
["A blue and white train engine pulling lots of brown train cars through a rural area.", "a train on a train track next to some wind mills", "A train with a blue engine traveling down a railroad track.", "Here is an image of an outside district.\n", "A passenger train that is traveling on railroad tracks. "]
["The freight train is speeding through the crossing.", "a train that is on a train track by a station", "A person standing on the side of a train traveling down tracks.", "a person in a red shirt and a train and some wires", "a train going down the tracks full speed."]
["An electric  tower in front of buildings on the road.", "An passenger train travels down the track under power lines.", "A train riding pass a tower and a street with cars on it. ", "A passenger train moves on tracks beside a freeway.", "a white car is driving down the street"]
["There is a stop sign and two street name signs on one poll", "A stop sign in front of an intersection.", "A stop sign is shown on the corner of the street.", "A stop sign at the intersection of an off ramp.", "Be sure to stop before entering Central or Jackson."]
["A large long train on a steel track.", "There is a train moving past a crossing gate", "Intersection gates are lowered while train speeds by", "A grey and blue train speeds through a rail road crossing.", "A train moving in a city near traffic lights. "]
["A green an White train car traveling past a road filled with heavy traffic.", "A green bus pulled up to a bus stop", "a green bus parked on the side of the road waiting for passengers", "A trolley train stopped with its doors open.", "A passanger train waiting to load more passangers."]
["A man walks across a street with a stop sign in the foreground.", "A man in a striped shirt walking between a stop sign and a blue wall.", "A man walking past a stop sign on the street.", "A man walking on a street next to a stop sign. ", "a man walking in front of a cinder block building near a stop sign"]
["A red stop sign sitting on the side of a street.", "Car whizzing by with headlights on behind the stop sign", "a stop sign with some arabic writing on the bottom of it ", "A stop sign has some foreign writing under it.", "A stop sign in front of a yellow building at night."]
["A red stop sign mounted to the top of a metal pole.", "A stop sign on a city street corner.", "A four way stop sign written in two languages.", "A four way stop sign written in English and Arabic.\n", "Arabic writing is on a stop sign at an intersection."]
["The bedroom has stuffed animals and a stop sign on the wall.", "A child's clean bedroom with a stop sign on the wall.", "The child's bedroom is clean and ready to be played in. ", "A blue room with a stop sign mounted on the wall and large windows.", "an image of a bedroom setting that is decorated "]
["A blue and white train parked next to a loading platform.", "A city train stopped at the train station.", "a parked train sitting at a station with a person alongside of it", "A blue and white train on tracks near buildings.", "A train is stopped at the station to pick up passengers"]
["A passanger train moves on the rails of the city.", "A train in a city with tall buildings.", "A train going down a track beside many skyscrapers", "A commuter train speeding through the heart of the city.", "A commuter train on tracks between tall buildings."]
["A train is going through a big city.", "A small city street stands next to a train track with a gray and orange train on it.", "An above-ground subway car on a city street.", "A fast moving commuter train travels through the city.", "A silver passenger train traveling down tracks next to a tall building."]
["A train caravan passes by a small town.", "Large black train car pulling a few other cars behind it. ", "A train traveling down train tracks past tall buildings.", "an old looking train going down the road", "A train on the tracks, passing a buildling"]
["A red stop sign hanging from a pole with \" Never \" and \" Loving \" painted on it.", "a stop sign with some graffiti written on it ", "A stop sign that has been graffitied to say never stop loving.", "a stop sign graffiti written on the front", "Stop sign with graffiti on it that adds the words never and loving on the sign. "]
["A silver train traveling past a train stations.", "A passenger train that is traveling down some tracks.", "a train is driving across the rails during daytime hours", "A train is traveling on the train tracks.", "subway sitting on metal tracks next to walls"]
["A train sitting on a track in a field near a bridge.", "There is a train with two cars moving along a track", "There is an old train with broken windows on the tracks", "A red and white train sitting on a track by a hill.", "a short passenger train on a track by a grassy hill"]
["An locomotive blowing out a cloud of steam.", "A steam train is traveling down the tracks. ", "A picture of a train passing by a apartment complex.", "A steam engine on a railway turntable with houses in the background.", "A train passing by some houses on the street"]
["Train conductor standing on a moving train next to some trees.", "A man riding on a small red train near trees.", "a man standing inside of a red train", "A man inside a small park themed train with an open top.", "A man in plaid shirt on a small train engine."]
["A long white train traveling through a lush green hillside.", "A long railroad train going down the tracks", "A green and white train on the tracks next to row of trees.", "A train going across the tracks in an area.", "A passenger train that is traveling down railroad tracks."]
["A young boy leaning up against an iron fence.", "A boy standing next to a fence in front of a vintage train.", "A kid standing by a metal fence and a train.", "Little kid leans against the gate in front of train", "The young child is standing by the fence outside."]
["People on a platform watch a train go by", "A train traveling under a pedestrian bridge at a station.", "A train driving under a bridge and beside a platform with people waiting.", "People are standing near a train heading down the tracks. ", "A train is parked on the train tracks at the station."]
["a long double decker passenger train going along a track ", "A silver train crossing the road on tracks.", "An Amtrack California train running on the track", "A long train traveling across a road on train tracks.", "The train is travelling down the tracks of the road."]
["a red stop sign is by a road outside", "A stop sign with graffiti written on it.", "It says don't Stop and then it loses it's meaning.", "A stop sign that had graffiti written on it", "A stop sign along a road is vandalized with graffiti."]
["A fish-eye view of a stop sigh in front of a trailer", "A red stop sign sitting on the side or a road.", "a close up of an old wooden stop sign", "An old stop sign that has been painted over.", "The paint is almost all chipped away from the Stop sign."]
["A red sign sitting on the side of a road.", "a stop sign with Arabic writing at an intersection", "A street corner with a stop sign written in Arabic", "The stop sign is posted at the corner of an intersection.", "A stop sign with another language printed on it."]
["a stop sign sits under neath some power lines ", "a stop sign underneath some telephone wiring ", "A red stop sign against some cables in a blue sky", "A red stop sign sitting below a cloudy blue sky.", "A stop sign that has a sticker on it."]
["A brown horse standing next to a blue car.", "a horse that is attached to a meter", "The officer is off of his horse to write tickets.", "Horse standing on the sidewalk next to a road.", "a police horse tied to a parking meter as the cop writes a ticket"]
["The long passenger train rides beside a chain link fence.", "A train moving through the tracks in the country. ", "Long sized personal riding train running down large field area.", "A train is riding along the train tracks in the valley.", "A train is coming down the tracks in a grassy area."]
["a building sits in front of a parking meter ", "A wet city street in evening with brick building and street lamps.", "A town with a building, street lights, and a bridge. ", "A tall brick building sitting next to a wet street.", "A multistory city building with a garage door"]
["A train moving overhead at a train station behind a tree.", "A flowering tree below an elevated train platform.", "Trees with white blossoms and a string of lanterns.", "An elevated train passing over a blossoming tree.", "A train is going overhead with a tree and banners down below it."]
["The passenger train is moving in front of buildings.", "A silver train traveling down tracks next to tall buildings.", "Commuter train running parallel to a street with apartments and office buildings near by.", "A passenger train travels over train tracks through a town.", "A passenger train going by on the tracks."]
["The railroad crossing is protected by lights and barriers.", "A light rail moves through a Japanese city.", "a white train is coming down some tracks", "A long white bus is heading through the station.", "a train that is on a road next to some buildings"]
["Children cover a parking meter in a red knitted garment.", "A woman putting a sweater over a white parking meter.", "A woman dressing a parking meter with a knit squid covering.", "A girl raises her arm to touch a parking meter, which is wearing a hat.", "a young person decorating a parking meter with knitted fabric"]
["Black and white photograph of dogs riding in bed of truck.", "Dogs sit with lumber in the back of a pickup truck on a country road", "Dogs looking out of bed of small truck.", "Two dogs ride in the back of a pickup truck.", "Black and white Toyota truck with two dogs on back."]
["The cars are traveling in opposite directions down the two way road.", "A large building standing next to a busy highway.", "A large building set against the sky with roads", "traffic going down a freeway close to some tall buildings", "Cars drive down a multi-lane road and pass businesses."]
["An old pickup truck sitting in a field falling apart. ", "Old brocken down truck sitting near large open field.", "a rusty old truck sitting in the shade ", "An old truck that is rusting in a field.", "A rusted old truck sits by a field.  "]
["A parking lot filled with cars parked next to each other.", "A sedan is badly parked next to a truck in front of a building.  ", "Cars and trucks parked in a lot outside a garage door.", "A car illegally parked next to a building.", "Automobiles parked on the street near a store. "]
["A long haired cat sitting next to an open door.", "Grey long-haired cat sitting on a small stereo speaker.", "A gray cat sitting on a drawer looking toward a window.", "A grey cat sitting on wooden box in sunlight of window.", "A cat that is sitting on top of a speaker."]
["A gray cat eating a treat from a humans hand.", "A cat is sniffing a piece of food that someone is holding.", "A grey cat sniffing an item that is put in front of him by a person.  ", "It pays a cat to be suspicious of what your owner tries to feed you.", "A cat sitting down smelling a piece of food a person is holding out to it."]
["A grey cat starring at a hand with a donut.", "a close up of a person holding food to a cat", "A person eating a donut while a cat watches.", "A person holding a donut close to a black cat", "A person trying to feed bread to a kitty cat."]
["A cat that is laying down on a carpet.", "A fluffy black cat lying down on a quilt on a bed", "A gray cat resting on a carpet on the floor ", "A cat laying on top of a bed on blanket.", "a cat lays down on a rug "]
["Front end of a white vehicle in a parking lot", "A white truck sitting in a parking space in a parking lot.", "A truck that is parked in a parking spot.", "a parking lot with all white cars parked there", "white truck in parking lot other white cars in background"]
["a black and white cat hugging a handbag", "A cat sitting on a bed beside a black purse. ", "Cat laying on bed next to a purse with paw over it", "A cat laying on a handbag on a bed.", "A black cat is sitting on a purse on a bed."]
["A dog and a cat standing side by side.", "Two side by side pictures show a dog and a cat.", "a small cat and small dog looking in the opposite direction.", "a close up of a cat and a dog both looking upward", "Split picture with a multi-color cat on the left and a brownish colored dog on the right"]
["A siamese cat sleeping next to a brown teddy bear.", "an image of a cat sleeping by a teddy bear", "A cat laying in bed with a teddy bear", "a kitten cuddling next to a teddy bear", "A cat is curled up next to a light teddy bear."]
["A truck parked in a forest surrounded by trees.", "A green truck with an orange extension cord.", "an image of a an older model truck outside", "An extension cord runs from the bed of a pickup truck.", "a pick up truck in the woods with an electrical cord"]
["A cat sitting on top of a backpack on the ground.", "A cat lying down on top of a backpack.", "The small orange cat is sitting in a backpack.", "A cat sitting on a backpack that's on the floor.", "An orange tabby cat is curled on top of a black bag."]
["THERE IS AN ADULT CAT THAT IS LOOKING AT SOMETHING ", "A cat laying on top of a blanket on a bed.", "A black and white cat lays it's head on a black bag.", "a close up of a cat laying down on a bag ", "A black and white cat rests her head on a tote bag."]
["there is a bus going down the street and many cars going behind it", "A group of cars that are parked on the side of the street.", "Three vehicles are approaching the stop sign by the gate. ", "a number of cars behind a city bus", "Traffic stopped at a stop sign, waiting for a train to pass through."]
["a bunch of cows walking down the road", "A large herd of cows are walking down the street.", "A herd of cows traveling down the street.", "A herd of cattle walking down a street near a grass field.", "A bunch of cows and some people by a building."]
["A grey tabby kitten inside a black suit case.", "A small kitten sitting inside of a bag.", "A cat on a suitcase is reaching for a pillow. ", "A cat laying in a suitcase next to a pillow.", "a kitten in a suitcase pawing at a pillow"]
["A large cow laying on the ground in the woods.", "there is a white goat that is sitting next to a tree", "a little goat laying in the shade by a tree", "A cow lying in a field in the shade.", "A white cow rests in a forest by a large rock and trees."]
["a blue truck and a male in a purple shirt and a tree", "Blue pickup truck filled with scrap pieces of household items.", "A man has filled his truck with wheelchairs. ", "A blue truck parked next to a tree and a man.", "a man standing next to a truck full of bikes and a wheel chair"]
["An old rusty truck is parked on a grass field.", "A rusted vintage pickup truck sits in a field with a windmill in the background", "A stylized photograph of a vintage truck parked in a dry field. ", "An old truck with red and blue paint is in a field.", "an old truck sitting in the desert all painted "]
["A white cat wearing a helmet made of melon rind.", "A cat wearing a lime helmet looking angry.", "A cat has a lime in the shape of a helmet on its head.", "A cat looking annoyed with fruit on its head", "A cat with a fruit on it's head."]
["A yellow cat standing inside a box with tissue paper.", "The small orange cat has a paper towel near it.", "A cat that is resting its head on a napkin.", "An orange cat laying on top of a wooden table.", "A cat in a box stares off into the abyss."]
["a cat playing with a toy on a sofa", "A cat being playful with a toy banana on a couch.", "A cat is playing with its toy while lying down.", "A cat plays with a toy while lying on a bed.", "A cat playing with a stuffed banana on a couch "]
["A cat laying on it's back playing with a yellow toy.", "A cat leans upside down and chews on a toy.", "A white and black cat is chewing a toy banana.", "A cat laying upside down on a couch with a banana toy", "a cat laying on a couch with a banana toy"]
["a close up of a cat laying on a napkin", "An orange cat with green eyes is laying over a paper.", "An orange cat laying on top of a white piece of paper.", "there is a cat that is laying on a napkin", "A cat is peeking from behind some tissue paper."]
["A brown cat is sitting on a plastic bag.", "A cat is sitting in a box of tissue.", "A orange cat resting on a piece of tissue paper.", "An orange cat sits in a basket with tissue paper.", "A cat is sitting on top of a crumpled piece of paper."]
["Cat laying on wooden floor with toy banana", "A kitten paws at a toy on the floor", "a cat that is playing with a fake banana", "A cat laying on top of a wooden floor holding a banana.", "a cat laying on the floor while looking at a toy"]
["The cat is resting on the chair on the porch of the house. ", "A big cat laying down in a chair on a porch.", "A cat sits in a blue patterned folding chair outdoors.", "A cat is sitting outside on a lawn chair.", "A cat sitting comfortably in a camping chair."]
["A cat curls up with a purple blanket on a chair.", "Cat snuggled under blanket laying on a couch.", "A cat laying on top of a leather chair under a purple blanket.", "The kitten is cuddling along with the purple blanket.", "A cat sleeps on a leather couch with a blanket."]
["A black cat and an orange cat are sitting on the floor.", "A black and white cat giving a dirty look to another cat.", "a black  and brown cat seated on the carpet", "A couple of cats sitting and laying next to each other.", "a brown and black are sitting on the floor."]
["A cat sitting on top of a kitchen floor.", "Two cats are sitting on a colorful rug.", "A couple of cats facing in opposite directions on a floor.", "A cat on the carpet next to a chair and drawer", "A cat sitting in a room near a chair."]
["Two very pretty cats on the floor near each other.", "An orange cate and a black and white cat sitting on a floor.", "A couple of cats sitting down on the floor.", "One orange tabby cat and one black cat sitting on a rug. \n", "Cats sitting near other on a modern carpet"]
["Two cats are laying in the chair sleeping.", "Two cats are lounging on a chair in the sunlight.", "two cats sleeping next to each other in a chair ", "Two cat nap together in a whicker chair.", "To cats, one white and one black and white, sleeping on a chair. "]
["A cat lays on top of a couch. ", "The brown cat sits atop of the dark blue couch next to the window.", "A cat with glowing eyes sitting on the back of a couch.", "A cat sits on the back of a chair. ", "A tabby cat is lounging on the back of a chair with paw extended over."]
["A man lies down next a cow while facing another.", "A man and his cows are laying in the hay", "Man in baseball hat lying in straw with head on a cow.", "A man is lying down in the hay by the cows.", "A man is lying down with cows in a bed of straw."]
["A black and white cow standing next to a wire fence.", "A black and white cow standing by a fence at a dairy farm.", "A cow looking at a fence in a large field", "a cow is in a enclosed area with some grass", "A black and white cow next to a wire fence."]
["A cat rests on a sofa next to the remote in front of a laptop in a living area.", "A large orange cat laying on top of a brown couch.", "A cat sitting on the couch next to a remote and across from a laptop computer.", "A cat and a remote on a couch in front of a laptop.", "A cat is curled up on a brown couch in this living room."]
["A dump truck is sitting on the side of the road. ", "A trash truck parked on the side of a residential street.", "A green, white and yellow garbage truck making it's rounds.", "A large green truck is parked on the side of the road.", "A garbage truck parked on the right side of a street"]
["a couple of cats that are standing next to a building", "A couple of black and white cats sitting on the ground.", "Two cats sitting on an empty tile floor ", "A cat standing on tile next to another cat.", "Two black and white cats are sitting on a tile floor."]
["An old red truck sits in a driveway.", "Old worn red truck parked in a driveway near a cactus.", "The old truck is parked in the driveway of a house.", "An old red pickup truck parked in a driveway next to a cactus.", "a red truck in the drive way of a home"]
["A cow standing between two cars on a dirt lot.", "There is a very large animal outside a car window.", "Watching a bull in a parking lot through a car window.", "A picture of a cow standing outside of someone's car window.", "A horned animal grazes outside of a car."]
["A man on motorcycle driving past cows on the street", "Two brown cows passing between a car and a motorcycle rider on a city street. ", "Several different modes of transportation on a street.", "A man is on a motorcycle with a anaimal in the street ", "Two cows on a city street amongst cars and a motor bike."]
["Two big trucks are parked in a parking lot.", "The hood ornament of a swan on a big semi truck.", "This is the grill of a large truck.", "Two diesel trucks parked in a parking lot.", "The front of a semi truck with a swan hood ornament, parked in a parking lot."]
["A cat laying on a bed next to a remote control.", "A black cat with sleepy eyes lying on a bed next to a remote.", "A cat laying on top of a couch with a blanket.", "A black cat is laying down on a bed.", "The black cat is sitting on the arm of the chair."]
["Dog lying on bottom of enclosed area with people.", "A BROWN DOG IS LAYING UN THE FLOOR UNDER PEOPLES FEET", "The dog is lying down at the feet of two people. ", "A dog sit between the legs of several people.", "Three people sitting down with a dog laying at their feet."]
["The dog is standing on the boat staring at something.", "A brown and white dog stands next to a life-saver ", "A skinny brown and white dog is on the deck of a boat near an orange life saver.", "a dog stands inside of a boat as it stares at a camera ", "A picture of a dog standing on a boat."]
["A little alien toy sitting on top of a slice of lemon.", "A small martian statue in a lime with a drink umbrella in a lime.", "Is that a little green alien who got stuck with a paper umbrella in a lemon?", "An alien toy with gloves on sitting in a lime with an umbrella.", "A lime wedge with an umbrella holding toy alien on it."]
["A small boat and chair on the beach.", "A beached sailboat in the sand with a chair next to it.", "Sailing boat tied up to a deck chair on the beach", "A white boat that is by the water.", "A demasted and beached sailboat with a lawnchair next to it"]
["A small cow is walking down a path with an adult cow while a man in a red shirt watches.", "a few animals that are walking down a path", "A cow and calf walking on a dirt road ", "There is a cow walking next to a calf.", "There are cows walking by a person on the sand."]
["A cat laying on a couch with a remote.", "a cat is on the coach staring at a remote control", "there is a orange tabby sitting on a couch next to a remote", "A cat that is laying down on a couch next to a remote.", "A house cat laying on a couch beside a remote"]
["a cabin cruiser going down the canal toward a bridge", "A boat is floating on water and about to go under a bridge.", "A small boat is going down a water channel.", "A boat in the water with people on it about to go under a bridge near a city. ", "The boat is sailing in the water by the bridge."]
["A boat floating on a river next to a city.", "a red and white boat and some buildings ", "A photo of a waterway with boats and a city in the background.", "A boat is in the water near a city.", "A city bay with skyrise buildings and a ferry."]
["A man looks straight ahead sitting at a desk.", "A man with long hair sits at a desk.", "A man with long hair and a blue shirt sitting in front of a computer.", "A long haired technology professional is posing for a picture.", "A person sitting a desk inside of a office"]
["A large sign on the front of a building.", "A sign on a red tiled wall with marquee above it.", "A sign for a place of business outside a building.", "An Asian storefront shows a colorful sign and the words, \"DOM DOM\".", "A sign on a red building has words in English and another kind of lettering."]
["a statue of a golden elephant and another sculpture behind it", "A statue of an elephant standing on top of a stand.", "A gold elephant statue sitting on a sidewalk with people near it.", "Two statutes outside with people near them. ", "Elephant sculptures on display down the sidewalk of a city street."]
["A statue of a person and a elephant on a street.", "A statue of a man next to a statue of an elephant.", "A statue of a man and one of an elephant sitting on the side of the street. ", "Statues of a man with a top hat and cane and an elephant line an English street.", "a street with some statues and buildings around"]
["A man and woman sitting on the grass outside talking.", "A man sitting next to a  woman while wearing a pink neck tie.", "The  girl is talking to the boy wearing the pink tie.", "Two people talking to each other while sitting in the grass. ", "there are two people sitting in the grass and talking"]
["A single elephant standing in a large grassy field", "An elephant is alone in a field of grass.", "this is an elephant eating in the grass", "An elephant standing alone in a large grassy field.", "An elephant standing in the grass by itself."]
["A man with glowing shine has a violin.", "A bald man playing a violin while sitting down in a dark room.", "A man holding a violin to his cheek at a performance.", "A musician with a smile on his face prepares to play the violin.", "A man dressed in a tux holds a violin."]
["A man standing in front of a large flat screen TV.", "A man standing in front of a large white board giving a talk.", "There is a man standing at a smart board giving a presentation", "A speaker opens his mouth in front of a large screen.", "A man is talking in front of a television"]
["A crowd of people sitting in a room on to of a wooden floor.", "The guest of the wedding are gathered in a house.", "a family event where she is getting married", "A woman holding a bouquet walking down the aisle.", "A wedding that is inside of a house"]
["a close up of two people wearing ties ", "Two men wearing ties pose for a picture", "A couple of men standing next to each other.", "A couple of men with ties and suits.", "Two persons in formal dress posing for a photograph."]
["A man in a top hat and a woman with glasses.", "A man and a women who are smiling.", "A young woman and a man posing together.", "A woman with her chin on a man's shoulder. ", "A couple is dressed formally and smiling for the camera."]
["A young man standing near a picture frame. ", "This young man is stylish in his striped shirt and gaily printed, contrasting tie.", "a ,man with a tie standing next to a tiny picture on the wall ", "A man wearing a stripe shirt and a neck tie.", "A man who is wearing an orange and red tie."]
["A man in a black shirt and orange bow tie.", "A close up photo of a man with an orange bow tie.", "A man wearing an orange bow tie sitting in a living room.", "A man taking a picture of himself wearing an orange bow tie. ", "A man with an orange bow tie sits on a bed."]
["A man with a green tie and eyes.", "The man is posing with a neon green tie that matches his eyes.", "A close up picture of a man dressed in a suit and green tie.", "A close-up facial shot of man wearing a bright green tie.", "The right side of a man with a neon green tie and an unusual color of green eyes facing a camera."]
["Two air boats driving next to each other on the water", "A fan boat docked next to another fan boat.", "A group of people have boarded a fan boat leaving the dock.", "Some boats in the water near a bunch of trees", "Two people in a boat with a big fan on the back."]
["A close up of an elephant's orange eye. ", "A eye of an elephant that is looking forward. ", "Close up of an animal's eye against its large leather worn face.", "Elephant with a brown eye hyper focused in the camera.", "A close up view of a pretty brown eye of an elephant."]
["a number of people at a market with umbrellas", "A group of food sellers at the edge of a waterway. ", "People on their canoe selling food by the river.", "A market area with food and umbrellas next to water.", "A bunch of black umbrellas over some boats"]
["A man splashing in the water with a giant umbrella.", "A man sitting in the water with a umbrella being severally splashed . ", "Man sitting on top of water with a large green umbrella.", "A man being flooded with water sitting under a white and green umbrella.", "A man rides a an inflatable chair as he rides down a river."]
["Two men in suits talking to a group of young people.", "A group of people standing around talking to two men in suites. ", "A politician shakes hands with a group of school children.", " a group of kids standing in front of a man in a buisness suit", "Two men in suits shake hands with a group of children."]
["Two men in suits and ties shaking hands.", "A picture of two people that are shaking hands.", "Two  men in business suits shake hands.", "Two dignitaries shake hands in front of saluting soldiers.", "Two men shake hands with a guard in a red uniform stands in the background."]
["A man in a shirt and tie making a creepy face.", "The boy is a mirror image in this setting.", "Two pictures of a man facing each other.", "A reverse image of a man wearing a tie", "a double image of the same man, left side in black and white"]
["A couple of white sculptures sitting under a red umbrella.", "I am unable to see the image above.", "An umbrella set up over a table on a sidewalk.", "A red umbrella on a table in the city", "A seating area with an umbrella and some ball shaped decor."]
["A deck with two chairs, glass table and umbrella", "A couple of white chairs sitting on either side of a white glass table.", "Empty furniture on an outdoor deck overlooking forested area.", "A white table with umbrella and two chairs on a deck near a railing.", "The two patio chairs are empty so we can sit down. "]
["A man is standing in front of a book shelf filled with books.", "A bearded man standing in front of bookcases", "There is a man posing and showing off his tie", "A man in a red and gold tie looking playfully ahead.", "A mean wearing a tie standing near a bookshelf."]
["An elephant standing in the middle of a tent.", "workers sitting on elephants under a tent in a field.", "People are riding on the back of elephants.", "Two individuals sitting on elephants - one large and one small.", "A group of employees are working with a pair of elephants."]
["A white fishing boat goes under a bridge.", "A fishing boat sailing under a very tall bridge with a road behind it.", "A white boat traveling across a body of water.", "a small boat in a body of water ", "A fishing boat moving through the water of a harbor."]
["a close up of three older men standing near one another", "Three middle aged men having picture taken together.", "Three men are in a restaurant posing for a photograph", "Three men are stand next to each other.", "Three men stand posing together for a photograph."]
["A cat that is on top of a microwave.", "A cat sitting on top of a microwave.", "A brown cat is sitting on top of a microwave.", "A cat laying on top of a microwave.", "A tabby cat is sitting on top of a microwave."]
["A black stove top oven sitting inside of a kitchen.", "Cat sitting on top of a vent in a kitchen over a stove. ", "A cat sitting on the awning above a stove", "A cat sitting on top of the stove cover", "A black and brown cat standing on air vent above a stove."]
["A baby holding a blue umbrella inside the house.", "a child on the ground holding an open umbrella ", "A child is under an open blue umbrella.", "A young boy sitting on the ground while holding an umbrella.", "A young boy that is sitting under a blue umbrella. "]
["Several people walking in the rain with umbrellas. ", "A group of people crossing a street while holding umbrellas.", "Many people in a hurry with umbrellas to get out of rain.", "People walking under umbrellas in the rain on a street ", "A group of people holding umbrellas, in the day."]
["A family riding on the back of raft.", "a group of people riding a raft in a body of water ", "Two men paddle a raft with three children with them.", "A bunch of people that are sitting in a raft.", "two adults and four children white water rafting"]
["THERE ARE PEOPLE THAT ARE TAKING A WATER RAFT ", "A group of people in a kayak rowing together", "A man is sitting in a raft with friends", "A group of men riding on top of a red boat.", "A group of people rafting on a raft boat with their paddles. "]
["A man and woman riding on the back of a blue boat.", "Two people on a raft with white water behind them.", "A smiling lady and a man in a boat with oars.", "A man and a woman holding oars to a boat and sitting in a raft with rapid water behind them.", "A man and a woman paddle a boat down a river."]
["a couple of people on a boat on a river", "A group of three riding on a raft while white water rafting. ", "Three people on a raft going over a small waterfall.", "A group of people on a boat in the water.", "These three people are traveling down the river in a raft. "]
["Four adults and a child are rafting through river rapids.", "A group of people riding in a black raft.", "A group of people are in an inner tube looking boat.", "A group of five people enjoying a white water rafting experience", "Some people are rafting together on a river"]
["A man and woman that is sitting down in a raft.", "A man and a woman are white water rafting", "A couple paddling through the rapids in a blue raft.", "A man and a woman are kayaking on the river.", "A couple are riding together on their raft."]
["A group of five people steering a raft down a river.", "a raft full of people paddle their way through some water ", "A family of five goes white water rafting.", "Several people are in an inflatable blue boat.", "A group of people in a small boat in the water."]
["Four elephants standing in an open area surrounded by brush.", "some elephants standing near one another in a field ", "Elephants standing on a dirt ground behind a fence.", "A group of elephants stand together by a fence.", "Some elephants in a field  with some trees."]
["Two elephants with their trunks tied together with a third elephant in the background.", "Two elephants twisting trunks together next to trees.", "Two elephants raise their trunks to each other.", "a pair of elephants with their trunks entwined", "A couple of animals that are playing with each other."]
["Two tall elephants standing behind a fenced in area", "Two elephants who are walking towards each other.", "Two elephants looking at each other in a fence.", "A pair of elephants standing in the middle of an open area.", "A couple of elephants walking along a dirt road."]
["An orange and white cat chasing a feather", "A cat stands up to play with small, yellow feathers.", "A brown cat is reaching for a feather toy.", "A cat reaching up to grab a feather on a string.", "a cat chasing its toy in an awkward position"]
["Umbrellas made and woven items on beach near waterway.", "Four beach umbrellas on the beach on a clear day. ", "Several brown thatched umbrellas against an ocean view.", "A row of umbrellas in front of the ocean. ", "a couple of umbrellas that are next to some water"]
["An elephant walking in a dirt area next to a fence.", "The elephant is walking on the sandy trail in the zoo.", "An elephant stands in an area next to a fence.", "a small elephant walks by some fences ", "An elephant walking in the dirt in a zoo. "]
["A boat is traveling in a body of water.", "A boat floating across a large body of water.", "A boat drives in a large body of water. ", "Small boat moving along water with orange objects hanging off end", "a lone fishing boat accelerates into open water"]
["A group of people sitting on a bench in front of a restaurant.", "Some people are sitting on a wooden bench.", "two men and two women sitting on a bench", "Four people sitting on a wooden bench outside of a building.", "Four people are on a bench next to a store."]
["A small white rusted boat floating across a body of water.", "A white boat out in the middle of the ocean.", "A rusty old boat on a large body of water.", "A small older boat by itself on the open water.", "A white boat on ocean with trees in the background."]
["A beautiful young woman in a bikini riding a paddle boat.", "A woman in a blue life jacket white water rafting. ", "A pretty young girl in a kayak on the river.", "A Young woman is seen riding in a small blue canoe", "A person that is in the water having some fun."]
["A large red umbrella on a metal pole.", "Large colorful red umbrella sitting underneath a tree. ", "A large red umbrella with other colors around the center pole.", "a bright red, yellow, pink and and green umbrella", "An umbrella is shown open under the trees."]
["People ride an elephant through a path in the forest.", "Three people are riding on a brown elephant.", "A large elephant with a couple people on the top.", "Tourists under an umbrella on the back of an elephant", "A group of people riding on the back of an elephant."]
["An elephant is standing and raising it's trunk on a raised wooden floor as people watch in the background. ", "An elephant with decorations in captivity with people.", "An elephant wearing jewelry is standing near a street.", "Several people looking at a decorated elephant on a platform.", "A decorated elephant on display in a town plaza."]
["A large gray elephant standing under a blue covering.", "A group of people watch an elephant that is wearing bells.", "A large elephant wearing bells and necklaces under a blue pavillion.\n", "An elephant with necklaces under a columned awning with people.", "An elephant in the temple where people are looking at it."]
["A woman sitting on top of a cement bench near a lake.", "a woman sitting on a concrete table next to a pond of water", "A lady sits at a fountain with her bag. ", "A woman sitting near a lake with a suitcase in front of her. ", "A woman sitting on a cement ledge with a suit case."]
["A man scrubs down an elephant in a water hole.", "A man and elephant inside of muggy water.", "A person stands next to an elephant in the water.", "Large sized elephant standing in the middle of a body of water.", "a man washing an elephant in the river"]
["The elephants and the young children are playing in the river.", "an elephant standing by the water with some people", "A group of people join elephants in and near a water hole.", "A group of tourists are feeding some elephants.", "A group of people that are by and elephant."]
["Two dogs in a living room watching outside through a glass door.", "Two dogs are sitting in a living room looking out a window. ", "Two dogs laying down on the floor in the living room while looking outside.", "Two adult dogs looking out sliding glass doors of a den room with curtains, TV, and chair.", "Two dogs are lying on the floor looking out of a window."]
["A woman is standing on the sidewalk with an umbrella.", "A picture of a young lady stand by the street holding an umbrella.", "a lady o a urban street holding a see through umbrella with two men standing behind her.", "Woman standing under clear umbrella on urban sidewalk.", "a lady that has a  umbrella in her hand"]
["Large special saddles are used while riding elephants.", "A group of people riding on the backs of elephants.", "a line of men riding elephants through a field", "there are three men riding elephants in the field", "A group of people ride elephants through a dry grassland."]
["A couple of people riding on the back of a horse carriage.", "there are two men that are riding a horse and carriage", "Two people and a dog are riding in a horse drawn cart.", "Two men in an automobile with a dog standing on the back of it.", "a dog standing on a carriage behind two men"]
["A man wearing glasses while holding a piece of luggage.", "A man who is holding on a piece of luggage. ", "THIS IS A PICTURE OF A MAN POSING WITH HIS SUITCASE", "A man leaning his arm on a suitcase.", "A man smiling at the camera with a large case in front of him "]
["a couple of people holding a umbrella on a bridge", "A group of people with umbrellas standing on a bridge.", "Some people with umbrellas on a bridge near some pretty trees.", "Four people are standing on a bridge are holding umbrellas.", "People with umbrellas are walking over a bride in an Asian style garden."]
["A group of people walking down a small road under a large white tree.", "A group of people with umbrellas are walking on a path.", "a number of people walking near a tree with open umbrellas ", "Giant flowered tree on grass with people with umbrellas", "People walking in the rain in a park with umbrellas looking a the blossoms on the trees."]
["A black and white picture of three boys and two holding an umbrella", "three males and two are holding umbrellas and bicycles", "A black and white photo of people walking by some bicycles.", "A group of people that are walking under umbrellas.", "three people in Japanese clothing, two are carrying umbrellas and all are wearing sandals and they are walking past parked bikes. "]
["Two people riding a scooter on the road while holding an umbrella.", "there are two people on a motorbike holding an umbrella.", "Two people, one of which is holding an umbrella, on a motorcycle.", "two people sitting on a scooter while one holds onto an umbrella ", "A couple of people riding a motorcycle down a street."]
["A statue standing on a sidewalk while holding a black umbrella.", "A statue of a man is holding an umbrella", "A man wearing an tie holding an umbrella", "A statue of a man holding an umbrella.", "A statue of a man in a suit with an umbrella."]
["Dog jumping in air to catch flying disc with adult sitting in background.", "A dog jumping in the air is holding a frisbee.", "A dog jumping up in the air with a Frisbee.", "An Australian Shepherd dog catches a pink Frisbee in the park.", "A dog with a kerchief has jumped in the air catching a pink frisbee."]
["Luggage on the curb waiting to be picked up.", "Group of mixed luggage sitting at a curb together. ", "Three suitcases on the side of a street. ", "a bag of luggage and other bags on the sidewalk", "There are three suitcases on the side of the road. "]
["A few pieces of luggage sitting on top of a chair in an airport.", "Pieces of luggage near a waiting area of an airport.", "A pile of luggage left unattended at the airport.", "A seat with bags on top and suitcases standing beside.", "There are some suitcases on a bench in an airport"]
["A man at a podium with another holding an umbrella over him.", "A couple of men standing under a umbrella.", "The men are speaking in the rain with their umbrella up. ", "Two men with an umbrella and music stand", "A couple of men standing next to each other holding a blue umbrella."]
["a festival with entertainers on stilts walking around", "A man on stiltz is standing under a pink umbrella. ", "A man on stilts is holding a pink, polka dot unbrella over a woman in colorful clothes in a park setting and there is a crowd milling about.", "a man on stilts holding a polka dot pink umbrella on a stage", "A large man in stilts holding a pink umbrella. "]
["A large brown dog laying on a beach under a surfboard.", "A large brown dog laying in the sand at the beach under the shade of a surf board.", "A dog lies under a surfboard in the sand. ", "A dog laying underneath a surfboard in the sand.", "A dog laying underneath a surfboard at the beach"]
[" A woman with an umbrella on a bicycle", "Eccentric woman riding her bike under a colorful umbrella on a bridge", "A lady riding a bike with an umbrella on it.", "A woman riding a bicycle with an umbrella.", "a lady with a umbrella riding down the street "]
["Clothes hanging on a rope over an unfinished patio.", "A rooftop patio with clothes hanging on a line.", "A city type deck with umbrella, clothes line, table and chair, and planters as well as other random items.", "Out door area with clothes line, table and chair, may potted plants and a pink umbrella.", "Clothes hanging on the line and an umbrella on a pole on a patio. "]
["A child, wearing a cat costume and umbrella, stands before a brick building.", "A small child wearing a cat style hat and carrying an open umbrella over her shoulder.", "A girl with a hat shape like a cats head and an umbrella.", "A little girl is holding an umbrella while wearing an animal hood.", "Cute little girl dressed for rain and holding an opened umbrella"]
["an athletic dog playing with a frisbee in a grassy field", "A black dog catching a frisbee in a park.", "The dog is running through the grass to catch the Frisbee.", "a black dog standing up to grab a frisbee in the air ", "a dog chasing a frisbee on the grass"]
["A pair of shoes sitting on top of a skateboard.", "A pair of black shoes is on a skateboard pulling a wheelie.", "a pair of shoes on a skate board on the ground", "A pair of sneakers are lying on top of a skateboard.", "Tennis shoes laid on top of a skateboard."]
["A dog has made a bed on a stack of plastic chairs.", "A do is sitting on a stack of three chairs", "A large brown dog sitting on top of a white chair.", "A dog is laying in three chairs stacked together.", "A yellow dog lays on a stack of white chairs."]
["A guitar and a frisbee laying on a bed. ", "a brown and black acoustic guitar and an orange frisbee", "A frisbee propped up on a guitar on a bed ", "A frisbee and guitar are laying on the bed.", "A frisbee and a guitar lay on a bed."]
["A dog laying down on top of a couch cushion.", "A dog with its eyes closed on a cushion.", "A dog sleeping next to a person on a couch. ", "A dog laying on a sofa, sleeping next to a blanket.", "A dog is sleeping on a couch next to a person"]
["A ADULT BROWN BEAR IS IN THE GRASS", "A large brown bear with it's mouth open.", "a brown bear with its mouth open on some green grass", "A brown bear standing in a meadow observing the photo taker.", "A large bear on an outing on a pretty day."]
["there are two dogs laying in a doggy bed together", "two dogs on a couch on the floor", "a couple of small dogs are laying in a bed", "two pug dogs laying in a dog bed", "two dogs laying down in a pillow on a wooden floor"]
["a gray and black cat and a male sleeping and pillows", "A man laying in bed with a gray cat laying on top of him.", "A MAN ON HIS BED IS SLEEPING WITH HIS CAT", "A picture of a black cat sitting on a young man. ", "a man sleeping in bed with a cat lying on him."]
["A zebra grazing on grass on top of a dry field.", "A zebra in a fence enclosed exhibit next to a tree.", "The zebra is drinking from the water inside the zoo enclosure.", "a zebra next to a tree behind a fence", "A zebra under a tree in an eclosed area in a zoo."]
["Two small brown and black dogs standing next to each other.", "THERE ARE TWO DOGS IN THE PARK LOOKING ", "Two dogs sniffing each others noses on grass", "Two dogs playing at the park on a grassy field.", "Two small dogs with collars face each other."]
["Two zebras pushing against each other in a field. ", "A zebra rests its head on the back of another zebra.", "Two zebras fighting out in an open field.", "Two zebras are playing outside with each other.", "A couple of zebra standing on top of a dry grass field."]
["Two zebras in the standing next to each other rubbing noses.", "Two zebras are standing next to each other with their noses touching.", "A pair of zebra's being affectionate with each other.", "THIS IS A PICTURE OF TWO ZEBRAS PLAYING TOGETHER", "A photo of an outdoor with many things in the scene.\n"]
["A case filled with different colored Frisbee on top of a table.", "a tan bag of what looks like frisbees", "A bag filled with frisbees is sitting on a a metal table.", "A green back is divided into slots with frisbees in them.", "A large bag with several colored Frisbee inside."]
["Three zebras eating hay from a trough at the zoo.", "Three zebras feed at a trough in a zoo exhibit.", "Zebras grazing on a dirt lot next to a fence.", "Three zebras drink water from a trough in their enclosure.", "Three zebra who are standing next to a wooden trough. "]
["A zebra standing on a dirt road next to a fence.", "A single zebra in an enclosure at the zoo.", "A zebra stands with its behind to a camera, looking towards a fence. ", "a picture of a zebra standing inside a fence.", "a zebra in its pen at the zoo and a fence"]
["a carriage and a horse in front of a building", "a drawing of a large buidling with smoke coming out of the chimneys ", "An old picture of a factory with some people walking by it.", "A picture depicts an old factory with carriages on the street in front of it.", "A painted picture of a  old fashion factory.."]
["A lady in a shop with a piece of cake with lit candles.", "A girl in a shop holding a plate with a dessert and candles.", "A woman sitting in a store holding a cake with lit candles.", "Smiling lady appears to be staying stop while holding a cake with candles.", "A cute girl holding a plate with a cake and lit candles."]
["A horse's head poking through a window in a barn", "A horse peeking its head through a window, during the day.", "a white horse looking out of a window of a barn", "a white horse is sticking its head out of a window", "a white and black horse looking out a window"]
["An adult zebra and a child zebra walking through a lake. ", "A baby zebra following it's parent alongside of a river.", "This is a image of an zoo outdoor.\n", "Zebras grazing in the grass along a river.", "A zebra and its foal stand in a small pond."]
["A single zebra bends down to eat some grass.", "THIS IS A PICTURE OF A REAR VIEW OF A ZEBRA", "A black and white zebra grazing on grass. ", "An adult zebra eating grass in a field.", "A single zebra grazing in a large open field."]
["Two zebras stand side-by-side grazing in a green pasture.", "A couple of zebra standing next to each other.", "Three zebra are standing close together grazing in a field.", "Two zebras bent over eating green grass together", "Two zebras that are grazing on some grass."]
["Two individuals, each on a horse, leading four other horses.", "A group of horses and two riders are walking in a field.", "Two men leading a pack of horses in the sand.", "Two men walking with a row of horses on sand.", "two men are riding horses while four others are present. "]
["A group of people horse back riding on a sandy beach.", "Group of people riding horses on the side of the beach. ", "A group of people riding on horses on a beach ", "Four people riding horses next to the water on a beach", "A group of people on horses walk along the beach."]
["people riding horseback on a mountain during a beautiful day", "Three people riding horses and mules over rocks", "Two people riding horses on a rocky hillside.", "People are riding horses in a mountain landscape.", "A group of people venturing out on a horseback ride."]
["Two horses standing behind fence with grassy leaves", "Two ponies stand in a field on large leaves.", "Long haired horses are in a garden by a fence. ", "Two ponies are standing among leaves and a wire fence.", "2 ponies stand amongst many plants, behind a fence."]
["A horse grazes while standing next to a fence. ", "A horse grazes on a beautiful day, and brushes its tail in the wind", "The horse is eating the grass near the fence. ", "a large horse eating grass in front of a wooden fence", "A white horse grazing on grass near a fence. "]
["The  man is driving the horse fast", "a man is riding in a horse drawn carriage", "a man on a cart racing on a back of a horse", "A black and white photo of a horse running on a track with a man being pulled.", "A man rides behind a horse during a race."]
["Four people on horses race inside an enclosed area", "Horses racing on the turf by a white rail with the grand stand in the distance.", "Jockeys guide their racehorses along the rail of the race track.", "A group of men riding horses on a field.", "Several jockeys are riding horses on the grass."]
["Person wearing helmet and sunglasses sitting on a stationary horse.", "A lady riding a horse and others horse standing next to it", "A girl sitting on one horse talking to a lady.", "A man riding on the back of a brown horse with dark brown hair.", "A person sitting on top of a horse "]
["Plate of food, including hot dog, ribs, beans, and corn.", "Several food items like meat and vegetables on a white plate.", "A plate of food on a dining room table.", "a bar-b-que meal with ribs, corn and vegetables", "Meat and vegetables are sitting on a plate."]
["A group of people standing on top of a field playing baseball.", "THERE IS A MAN THAT IS PLAYING MLB BASE BALL ", "baseball players at a diamond waiting for the pitcher to pitch", "A group of baseball players on the field during a game", "A group of baseball players standing on a field."]
["a couple of people skiing down a hill ", "Two people in ski gear skiing down a ski slope.", "A person riding ski's down a snow covered hill.", "Two people on skis on slope with trees next to them.", "Two people out skiing on the ski slope"]
["A fruit stand with many varieties of fruit.", "Fruit neatly displayed in bins and baskets at a stall", "Oranges and other fruit on display at a fruit stand.", "A fruit stand complete with apples, oranges and bananas.", "A fruit stand with a variety of fruit in boxes and hanging baskets."]
["A baseball game is being played on a bright day.", "A baseball player holding out his gloved hand.", "The Third Baseman opens his glove to catch the ball.", "An outfielder waiting to catch a ball on the field", "A group of baseball players playing a game of baseball in a field."]
["A squash sits on top of three bananas to form a claw.", "there are three bananas with another fruit on top of it on the counter", "A butternut squash on top of three bananas on a counter top.", "Some type of fruit is placed on some bananas. ", "A gourd that has been placed on three bananas."]
["A baseball player wearing a leather glove standing in the dirt.", "A man standing on a baseball field wearing a catchers mitt.", "A baseball player crouches down as he waits for the ball.", "Two men playing baseball on a baseball diamond.", "A male is playing baseball on a team."]
["Baseball team attempting to catch ball and tag player out.", "Baseball players throw the ball back and forth to get the runner out", "a couple of men running around a baseball field", "Several men playing baseball try to keep the runner from scoring.", "A basebakl player runs around the bases as a ball is thrown to a fielder."]
["lemons and limes in baskets in the produce section", "Large grouping of yellow and green limes and lemons. ", "A display in a store filled with limes lemons and oranges.", "A LOT OF VEGETABLES AND FRUITS INT HE STAND", "Various citrus fruits are being sold in baskets. "]
["A pitcher getting ready to release a pitch", "A baseball pitcher during a game abou tot throw the ball", "a pitcher with a wide stance getting ready to throw a ball", "a baseball player is on a green field", "A man that is standing in the dirt with a glove."]
["A pile of green bananas sitting on top of a table.", "A large number of bananas for sale on a table", "A table covered in a colorful table cloth stacked with bananas for sale. ", "The bananas are being sold for cheap at a farmers market ", "A table full of fresh green bananas for sale."]
["A bunch of fruit that is sitting inside of a flower.", "A cluster of orange clumps sitting in a dead flower.", "A flower opening up to four buds inside.", "A flower with four fruits put inside it.", "THIS IS A PHOTO OF SOME SORT OF FRESH FRUIT"]
["a woman stands with a small child ", "The woman is talking to the girl with the baseball mitt.", "Two girls in red shirts playing in a grassy field", "A woman and child with a glove at the field", "A girl softball player talks with a woman in a field."]
["A girl with a baseball glove is standing in the grass.", "Adults and children in a green field playing baseball.", "A little girl with a baseball glove next to an older woman", "a little girl has on a catchers mitt while a woman in the same red jersey as her walks by her on a sunny day.", "The woman is wearing a t-shirt of the same color as the softball team."]
["Mom gives her daughter a lesson in using her baseball glove.", "Mother and her son playing in a few", "two girls in red shirts grass and a baseball glove", "A woman playing catch with her young child.", "The mom is teaching her daughter to play baseball"]
["A baseball player holding a bat during a game.", "People closely watching the action in a professional baseball game", "A batter standing at plate ready to swing", "A large crowd at a baseball stadium watches the game.", "A baseball batter is posed in a swinging position."]
["A young child swinging a baseball bat during a baseball game.", "The young player is in motion at the plate, astride and swinging at a pitch", "A young baseball player swinging the bat to hit the ball", "A child swinging a bat at a baseball game.", "A batter has attempted a hit while the catcher is ready."]
["Professional baseball game with bat swung and ball in the air.", "A baseball player tries to hit the ball during a game.", "some baseball players are playing baseball on a field", "A group of baseball players playing a game of baseball.", "A batter with the number 24 hitting the ball thrown by the pitcher."]
["Assorted chinese food in a Styrofoam container on a table.", "A open tray of rice and vegetables on a table.", "A box of take-out food includes mixed vegetables, rice, and shrimp. ", "TAKE OUT LUNCH OR DINNER IN A STYROFOAM CONTAINER", "A takeaway lunch rests in a styrofoam box."]
["A kid with a baseball glove in a field.", "A little boy is playing in a park with a baseball mitt. ", "The boy near the swingset is holding a baseball glove.", "Small boy standing in front of large playground for small children.", "A smiling child holding a baseball glove while two other children look on."]
["Some food that is laying on a white plate.", "A steak with sauce, brocolli and mashed potatoes on a plate.", "A plate filled with steak, potatoes and broccoli.", "Plated meat and vegetables with sauce served on table.", "Piece of cooked meat with mushrooms with a side of mashed potatoes and broccoli."]
["An image stacked with much brilliant sustenance on plate.\n", "A bunch of different cupcakes that are going into the oven.", "Freshly baked muffins are coming out of an oven. ", "A bunch of the same food in small dishes in the oven", "A tray of small pies in cruets on a tray in an oven. "]
["A bunch of bananas hanging above somewhere on a ceiling.", "Several bunches of hanging bananas in various stages of ripeness.", "Several groups of bananas hanging out in the open.", "several bunches of ripe bananas int the front and green bananas behind them", "A group of bananas hanging up to ripen."]
["A blue plate topped with food next to a  fork and knife.", "A plate of meat and vegetables and a glass of wine on a wooden dining table.", "A dinner plate, knife and fork with carrots, potatoes and meat on the plate.", "A plate of food and a glass of wine.", "A plate of food sits next to a glass of wine, a knife, and a fork. "]
["A baseball player holding a baseball bat at home base.", "A batter is about to bat in the wide open area. ", "A baseball player swinging at a ball on the field", "A baseball game is in action as a batter prepares to swing.", "A baseball player prepares to swing in front of spectators."]
["Blue plate holding a mound of chocolate deserts. ", "A bowl of cookies topped with multi-colored candies with candles placed in it.", "Donuts on a plate with candles and decorations", "The plate has many small donuts with candles on them.", "A number of frosted cookies with candles on a blue plate."]
["A man taking a swing at a  baseball", "A guy up to bat getting ready to swing at the baseball. ", "Two baseball players, one with bat and the other with gloves ", "A vintage picture shows a man swinging a bat. ", "A man in a yellow uniform swinging a bat."]
["A banana sundae sits in a dessert glass.", "Two desserts, one a banana split sundae, sitting on a table.", "A hot fudge sundae with a red cherry on top. ", "The ice cream sundaes are in glasses on the table.", "On the table are a banana split, yet untouched, and another chocolate soda fountain treat."]
["a basket with a few things of fruit in it", "A brown basket filled with fruits and coconuts.", "A view of a few cocunuts in a basket.", "a basket with a bunch of fruit inside of it ", "A basket containing bananas and coconuts and greens."]
["Crepes on a plate, topped with bananas and powdered sugar.", "A plate with food on it topped with banana slices. ", "Two crepes with bananas on top of them sitting on a plate.", "Bananas are on top of a dessert with sugar.", "The dessert has slices of banana and powdered sugar on it."]
["A batter is swinging his bat while a catcher squats behind him.", "A baseball player that just smacked the tar out of a pitch.", "A baseball player follows through after he makes a swing.", "some baseball players a batter a catcher and some fans", "A baseball player and a catcher at a baseball game."]
["A couple pieces of bacon and banana on a plate.", "A plate that consist of bacon, eggs, and french  toast.", "Pancakes with bananas and bacon sit on an orange plate.", "A plate of french toast, bananas, and bacon. ", "French toast with bacon, bananas and syrup on a plate."]
["A pile of bananas for sale in a local market. ", "A store selling lots of ripe bananas and other produce.", "A merchant is selling fruit in a marketplace.", "Bunches of bananas hang on a wall and arranged for sale.", "a market with so many ripe bananas and people buying"]
["A great picture of a person in the stillness motion.\n", " A baseball player standing on top of a field.", "A baseball player standing in a field with his glove", "A player is standing alone in a ground.", "a baseball player standing in the outfield "]
["a close up of a plate of food with broccoli ", "close up of chicken, broccoli and onions on a white plate", "Chicken and broccoli stir-fry with a soy sauce glaze.", "A bunch of different foods that are on a plate.", "A white plate topped with broccoli chicken  covered in sauce."]
["A black pan filled with mushrooms and vegetables.", "Vegetables and meat are cooking in the large wok.", "A cooking wok that has stir fry cooking in it, consisting of broccoli, mushrooms and other food  items.", "a wok type skillet with various vegetables in it.", "A bowl full of broccoli and chicken stew."]
["A man flying through the air while riding skis.", "A skier crosses her skies as she gets air during a trick.", "A person who is performing a trick on snow skis.", "A man jumps in the air while skiing.", "A person in winter clothing, a helmet and skis, doing a trick i the air with jos skis crossed."]
["A man holding a skateboard while wearing a yellow shirt.", "A snow covered mountain with more mountains in the background and people on top of the mountain.", "People are standing at the top of Mammoth Mountain. ", "A person wearing shorts examines skis on Mammoth Mountain.", "People stand around on a ski resort near the mountains."]
["A half eaten piece of fruit sitting on top of a table.", "It seems here something is really amazing with many things to see. \n", "A knife and a piece of fruit sits on a gorge black table.", "An apple being peeled by a sharp knife.", "A cut apple with a knife laying on top of it."]
["A plate filled with broccoli chicken and fried rice.", "There is chicken and broccoli, along with fried rice, on a plate.", "A close up of rice and chicken with broccoli dinner.", "Beef and broccoli dinner with fried rice and brown sauce.", "A plate with asian quisine topped with rice and sauce"]
["A picture of an Apple computer with a black background.", "A gray laptop with an apple in the center of the lid sits on a dark surface.", "The silver cover of an Apple laptop computer ", "Top of an apple laptop against a black background.", "A closed, white Apple laptop lies on a wrinkled surface."]
["Snowboarder in a red jacket moving near a row of trees. ", "A person on a snowboard in the snow.", "A person riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.", "Four frames show a person riding on a snowboard.", "A few different shots of a man on his ski board. "]
["A group of young people riding snow boards down a snow covered hillside.", "Three people are snowboarding down a snow covered mountain.", "A few snow boarders taking off down a snow covered hill.", "A group of snowboarders coming down a slope.", "some snow boarders in blue jackets snow and trees"]
["A man with a medical mask is crossing the street.", "People are crossing a crosswalk while traffic waits.", "People crossing the street at an intersection near buildings. ", "A big city with people and buildings with traffic.", "People are crossing the cross walk in a city."]
["A man holding onto a bin full of lemons", "a man in a blue shirt and red hat and a crate of yellow apples", "A man carrying a plastic crate of apples.", "A man holding a yellow crate filled with yellow apples", "A man carrying a yellow container filled with lemons."]
["A person in blue jacket falling on hill with a snowboard.", "the person is laying down with a snowboard on there foot ", "A man is skiing in the snow and is on his back. ", "A man falls on the snow while skating on a snow covered mountain", "A snowboarder that has fallen down on the slope."]
["A young male skateboarder practicing a ramp stunt.", "A skateboarder performs a trick on a half pipe.", "A guy does a skate board trick while people watch. ", "Hey kid that is doing a Bircher in the air.", "GUY REACHING THE TOP OF RAMP ON A SKATEBOARD"]
["Woman with a backpack on sits on the curb moving her skateboard", "A woman sits on the curb with her feet on a skateboard.", "A woman sitting on a curb with her feet on top of a skateboard.", "A girl sitting on the ground with her feet on a skateboard.", "a young female wearing shorts on a skateboard"]
["A skateboarder riding down the concrete handrail of stairs ", "A man at a show grinding a rail", "Skateboarder going down the side of Vrieling on top of his board. ", "A young man ridding a skateboard down the handrail of some steps as people watch.", "skateboarder grinding down the retaining wall of a park"]
["a group of people riding skis on a snowy surface ", "Three skiers are posing for a picture. One guy is in the background.", "Three skiers smile as they poses in the snow with ski poles. ", "Three skiers wearing helmets pose for the camera.", "A group of three people riding skis on top of snow covered ground."]
["A group of people playing with snowboards in the snow.", "a man doing a trick with a snowboard that is just on one foot ", "A man who is jumping up while in the snow.", "A snowboarder does a trick in front of a building.", "a snowboarder in a gray jacket is doing a trick"]
["A group of green vegetables with some radishes and cauliflower.", "A collection of fresh vegetables sits in bowls on a table.", "A bowl of spinach, romaine lettuce, radishes, snap peas and broccoli.", "A grey table holding various vegetables and herbs.", "Salad greens in white bowls surrounded by fresh veggies and herbs. "]
["A little girl with bows in her hair eating a plate full of broccoli.", "A little girl bits into a piece of broccoli", "A girl with a red bow in her hair eats a piece of broccoli. ", "A young girl taking a bite of a piece of broccoli.", "A little girl with a pink bow in her hair eating broccoli. "]
["A plate of food that is on a table.", "A plate filled with food on top of a wooden table.", "A blue and white plate with servings of food on it", "Ham and potatoes are in blue dishes on the table.", "some gainz for a meal with lots of meat and potatoes "]
["A man riding a skateboard down a set of steps.", "A boy skateboarding on the street with concrete structures behind him.", "A person on a skateboard rides on the pavement.", "A young man that is riding his skateboard on a sidewalk. ", "A man in a purple hat skateboards on the street."]
["a food platter with white rice carrots and some pieces of pork", "A plate of food containing rice, meat, and vegetables.", "An oblong plate contains seafood, rice and carrot.", "Chicken with chies and red peppers, rice, carrots and broccoli.", "White rice with vegetables and meat on a white plate with silverware. "]
["Small child in black outfit riding on the back of a skateboard. ", "A young man riding on top of a skateboard.", "A small child wears a helmet while riding a skateboard.", "A young child wearing a helmet riding a skateboard.", "a young child riding a skate board "]
["Sandwich and loaded french fries on a diner bar.", "A club sandwich with a pickle next to bacon and cheese fries.", "A plate that has a sandwich and some fries on it.", "a close up ofa plate with french fries ", "A fattening sandwich is stacked one half on top of the other next to a pile of greasy fries."]
["Large barrels of vegetables are in an open market.", "Barrels of carrots, cabbages and asparagus in a market with people walking around. ", "A produce stand with barrels of vegetables including carrots.", "Huge barrels of vegetables with people near them.", "Bushel baskets full of vegetables at a market as shoppers walk by."]
["A person in a ski gear standing on a snowy mountain.", "A woman standing on a snowy hill on skis.", "a number of people riding skis on a snowy slope", "The people are all skiing around each other.", "a person walking on skis on a snow bank."]
["A person in snow gear skiing down a snowy slope.", "A man riding skis down a snow covered hillside.", "A cross country skier on the snow with trees behind him.", "A man stands on skis on a snowy hill.", "A person who is in the snow skiing."]
["Two people skiing down a snow covered hillside.", "People skiing down a gentle slope on a dark day", "a couple of people on snow boards make their way through the snow", "two people snowboarding on a hill by some trees ", "Two people who are on snow hill wearing snowboards."]
["Someone putting a fork into food sitting on a towel.", "A person with a fork poking holes into a baked cake.", "A hand is sticking a fork into a custard looking dish.", "A person holding a fork in a piece of food.", "A person pierces the top of a cake with a fork"]
["A couple of men standing next to each other.", "Black and white photograph of three snowboarders talking", "Some men with snowboards standing on a hill", "Three snowboarders are standing on a snowy hillside.", "Three skiers are standing on a ski slope."]
["A man riding a skateboard down a street.", "this is a blurry picture of a person riding a skateboard", "A BLURRED PHOTO OF SOMEONE MAYBE SKATE BOARDING", "A blurred photograph of a person skateboarding at night.", "a blurry photo of a person riding a skate board"]
["A dessert with vanilla ice cream and chocolate fudge.", "a plate of a chocolate cake besides a glass", "A dessert is pictured on a plate next to a beverage.", "there is a large plate of chocolate cake and icecream", "a desert on a plate on a table next to a glass"]
["A person doing a trick on a snowboard off of a hill.", "A snowboarder flying up in the air with the sun behind him.", "A person in the air on a snowboard doing a jumping trick and clouds covering the sun in the sky.", "A artistic photo of a snowboarder jumping a mogul. ", "A person jumping over a hill on a snowboard."]
["A person that is on ski's standing in the snow.", "A young man riding skis through a snow covered forest.", "a person walking along some path while wearing some skiis ", "a person that is on some skiies in some snow", "A person cross country skiing on a winters day."]
["a guy falling backwards during a jump on a skateboard", "A person doing a trick with a skateboard in the air.", "a person on a skate board doing a trick in the air ", "A black and white photo of a boy riding a skateboard.", "A man on a skateboard coming down from a jump."]
["A skateboarder flips his skateboard as he flies through the air.", "He is in the air and his skateboard is also.", "a person jumping a skate board in the air", "A man performs a high flying maneuver on a skateboard", "The man is practicing his tricks on his skateboard. "]
["A white container filled with rice, meat and veggies.", "A rice, meat and vegetables in a paper container", "Rice, meat and vegetables inside a plastic container.", "there is a white bowl with rice and meat in it", "A tray with white rice, pork, and steamed broccoli, cauliflower and broccoli."]
["A young man riding his skateboard on a ramp.", "A man in a blue and white check shirt doing tricks on a skateboard. ", "A man skating a ramp at a competition.", "A skateboarder doing a trick in the air.", "A man skateboarding on a half pipe in front of judges."]
["a male skateboarder in a white shirt is doing a trick", "A man rides a skateboard down a thin rail.", "Someone riding their skateboard at the skate park", "The young skateboarder is balancing on the pink wall. ", "A man on a skateboard near a ramp. "]
["a person riding a snowboard down a hill ", "a group of people snow boarding down a slope.", "There are two people snowboarding in the snow.", "A woman carving snow on her snow board", "Snow boarders going down a snowy slope during a snow storm."]
["A large raw carrot and cut up garlic on a cutting board with a knife.", "A large thick carrot sits beside tiny chopped onions.", "A carrot and some onion next to a knife on a cutting board.", "A chopping board that has a carrot and a knife on it.", "A carrot sitting on a cutting board next to a knife."]
["A little boy carrying a skateboard that is the same size as he is.", "Child is carrying a skateboard on a sidewalk.", "a boy wearing red is carrying a large skateboard", "Small child holding up a skateboard as big as him. ", "A child is carrying a skateboard on the sidewalk."]
["A man eating a hotdog in a crowded stadium.", "A man eating a hot dog in a large group of people.", "Man eating a hotdog at a crowded event with lots of other people", "A man wearing a hat eating a hotdog at a sporting event.", "A man sitting in a stadium eating a hot dog."]
["two sandwiches with marinara sauce and vegetables on a long white plate", "Some large sandwiches and a bowl of carbs are placed on the large plate as someone looks on. ", "Bread smothered in cheese and onions sits on a white plate.", "A plate with two sandwiches and a side.", "Several food items are sitting on a white plate."]
["A hot dog on a bun with pickles and tomatoes is displayed.", "A hot dog packed with toppings sits in front of the bag from the hot dog shop.", "a hot dog in a bun with pickles on it laying next to a bag", "a hot dog with green peppers and tomatoes on a bun", "A hotdog with jalepenos, ketchup, and a pickle. "]
["A hotdog wrapped in tinfoil, with toppings all over it.", "a hot dog some white topping tinfoil and a table", "A hot dog covered in sour kraut in tin foil. ", "A hotdog with onions on it is sitting on tinfoil.", "A hot dog smothered in sauerkraut on aluminum foil."]
["A young man is about to ride the ramp on his skateboard. ", "a young boy wearing a helmet and skate boarding in the air", "A skateboarder crests at the top of a ramp.", "A guy on a skate board on a ramp.", "A boy performing tricks on a ramp with his skateboard."]
["A man riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp.", "A young man skateboarding on a an outside ramp.", "A person on a skateboard is riding on a ramp.", "Boy on skate board going up a ramp about to turn around.", "A man on a skate board at the top of a pike."]
["A guy on a skateboard performs a trick on a half pipe.", "A young man riding a skateboard up a skateboard ramp.", "Man riding his skateboard down a ramp way.", "A young man rides his skateboard up a ramp.", "Helmeted boy skateboarding on a half pipe ramp"]
["The young man is practicing his tricks on his skateboard. ", "there is a male skateboarder doing tricks in the street", "A young man jumps into the air while his skateboard twirls.", "A skateboarder is airborne in front of a corrugated door.", "A skaterboader flipping his skateboard in the air."]
["A man with hoodie skateboarding on a lonely road.", "A man is skateboarding down a paved path.", "A young man rides a skateboard down a paved path as the sun sets.", "A young man warmly dressed rides a skateboard at sunset.", "The boy rides his skateboard down the paved path into a blurry background."]
["A man does a jump on a skateboard.", "a boy is performing a skateboard trick in the air", "A skateboarder is in mid air with arms outstretched.", "A man on a skateboard looks down while in midair.", "A skate boarder takes flight on a high jump."]
["Kids enjoying the skateboard park on a sunny day", "Young men riding their skate boards in a public skate park.", "Teenagers riding their skateboards at a skate park.", "The boys are outside doing skate boarding tricks.", "A group of people doing tricks on skateboards."]
["The skateboarder makes a jump above a rail and stairs.", "A man riding a skateboard over some steps.", "A person does a skateboard trick in the air", "A young man skateboarding over a set of cement steps.  ", "A person jumping over a set of stairs with a skateboard. "]
["Skateboarder performing trick on cement with audience in daylight", "A young man skateboarding on a ramp with three other boys watching him.", "The boy is playing on a skateboard ramp.", "Young man at the peak of a stunt on a skateboard structure.", "a man that is skateboarding on a big ramp"]
["A cut in half sandwich and fries on a plate.", "A beef sandwich is cut in half next to fries.", "A toasted sandwich and fries on a plate.", "There is a sandwich cut in half on a plate", "A sandwich cut in half and an order of fries."]
["a plate with a sandwich, salad, and some soup sitting on a table ", "A sandwich and salad on a plate on a table.", "A white plate sitting on top of a wooden table topped with food.", "A plate filled with food sits on the table with empty dishes.  ", "A restaurant prepared sandwich with a side of soup and a garden salad."]
["a close up of a hot dog on a plate near french fries", "Hot dog with ketchup on a bin with french fries.", "a plate with a hot dog and some fries on it ", "a hot dog in a bun with ketchup on a plate with french fries", "A hotdog topped with ketchup with fries and a side of fresh fruit."]
["A person jumping over a skateboard while doing a trick.", "A guy is performing a trick on a skateboard.", "a man that is skateboard on some concrete", "A guy is poised mid-air doing a skateboard trick.", "A boy is doing a skateboard trick outside"]
["A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "a man doing a jump in the air with a skateboard ", "A person jumping on a skateboard with a high-rise and trees behind.", "a person in the air while on a skateboard", "Shirtless man in air doing trick on skateboard"]
["A crab cake on a sandwich with dressing and tomatoes.", "A tray of food has sliced tomatoes on a sandwich.", "A plate of food and a bottle on a table.", "A hamburger on a bun sitting on top of a paper.", "a patty on a bed of lettuce with tomatoes and fruit an a bottle of drink"]
["A hand holding a sandwich wrapped in black and white checkered wrapping.", "A hand holding a sandwich wrapped in paper.", "Someone holding a very large sub rapped in checkerboard paper.", "A person holding a large baguette sandwich on a sidewalk near a trolly. ", "Sandwich being held up in front of a parked bus on a city street. "]
["A woman cooking on a stove on the side of a building.", "A woman standing at a counter cooking food.", "a woman cooks some food outside by a wall ", "a women that is frying up some doughntus", "An Amish woman sugaring freshly cooked donuts "]
["A machine that is making glazed donuts that are falling into a pan.", "A person holding a glob of dough over a pile of donuts.", "Freshly cooked doughnuts roll down into a circular machine to be sugared. ", "A photograph of an individual being taken in this picture. \n", "A donut making machine rolling out donuts into a round pan/bowl."]
["A woman holding two halves of a donut, one in each hand.", "A woman at a baking rack with doughnuts in her hands.", "So this is how they make donuts in a bakery.", "a woman wearing a yellow top and some donuts", "A woman holding out her hands with some doughnuts."]
["A man standing next to a woman inside of a donut shop.", "A man and woman displaying a box of doughnuts.", "A woman is holding a box of sprinkled doughnuts.", "A woman is holding a box of doughnuts next to a man in glasses and a hat.", "A man and woman in a bakery kitchen holding some donuts"]
["A woman eating something wrapped up in a bun. ", "A woman is biting into a hot dog with ketchup.", "A woman is eating a hotdog with ketchup on it.", "A woman is taking a bite out of a hotdog.", "a person biting into a hot dog with ketchup."]
["a person riding a snow board on a snowy surface ", "A young man is getting ready to take off on his snowboard, while another one waits.", "A person moves forward on a skateboard on snow", "A man riding a snowboard on top of  snow covered ground.", "A person performs snowboard tricks while a crowd looks on."]
["Deli sandwich with beverage on table at eatery.", "A steak sub sandwich and drink sitting on a table.", "a close up of a sandwich near a drink", "A steak sandwich sitting next to a cup of drink.", "A photo of a steak sandwich and drink from Geno's Steaks restaurant."]
["A bunch of donuts sitting on top of metal rack covered in glaze.", "Glazed donuts, one with a bite taken out of it.", "The many donuts are all different shapes and sizes.", "Glazed donuts on a cooling rack have been bitten into.", "A group of doughnuts sits on the cooling rack."]
["a couple of doughnuts sit next to a glass of milk ", "A small glass of milk sitting next to a platter full of doughnuts.", "A cloth covered plate of donuts next to a glass of milk.", "The doughnuts are next to the glass of milk on the table.", " A savory snack of Dounts with a glass of milk"]
["A girl sitting down with a donut in her hand.", "The girl in the leopard jacket is eating a donut.", "a baby sitting in a on a chair in a restaurant holding a doughnut", "a small child sitting at a table with a piece of food in her hand", "A PICTURE OF A LITTLE GIRL EATING A DOUGHNUT "]
["A table of food that includes pizza and a cake.", "a three layered cake sits next to some pizza ", "Several trays of pizza surrounding a large cake.", "A table with four pizzas on stands and a cake in the middle.  ", "Ornate dessert item on display surrounded by pans of pizza."]
["a time lapse image of a snowboarder jumping off a ramp onto a snowy mountain", "A time lapse photo of a snowboarder performing a jump.", "People who are on skis and snowboards in the snow. ", "An action sequence of a person shows them snowboarding onto a hill.", "a man is riding a snowboard on a hill"]
["A sandwich with meat, vegetables and dressing is sitting on a plate.", "A plate with two halves of a sandwich with chips.", "Two sandwiches on a plate with chips and a drink.", "A plate with two sandwiches, cup and knife on the table", "A white plat topped with two sandwiches and chips."]
["two people eating food off of a paper plate", "A couple at an outdoor restaurant eating donuts.", "A couple is eating doughnuts at a doughnut stand.", "A couple getting ready to eat two different doughnuts from a vendor.", "Young man and woman eating at a food court counter."]
["A baseball game in progress with the batter about to swing.", "A baseball player holding a baseball bat on a  field.", "A man prepares to hit a baseball in front of a large audience.", "an image of a professional baseball game being played", "People at a baseball stadium watching a game."]
["A man is in a kayak in a pool with a ball.", "A man riding a boat under an orange soccer ball.", "A man in a kayak in a swimming pool reaching to hit a volley ball.", "Someone is in a kayak in the water.", "A person in a kayak is throwing a ball."]
["A man riding a boat on top of a swimming pool.", "A person in a kayak in a pool, playing volleyball.", "A guy in a kayak in a pool playing with a ball.", "A man in a kayak hitting a ball in the water ", "a person in a small boat in a pool "]
["Some people that are picking out from a large variety of doughnuts.", "A man standing over many doughnuts on display.", "People gathered around and selecting from two large boxes of donuts.", "an image of a tray of donuts being handed out", "Several people standing over two trays of donuts and cannolis. "]
["A man wearing glasses eating a sprinkle covered doughnut.", "a man is eating a frosted donut with sprinkles outside", "The person is eating a doughnut with sprinkles on it.", "A man is eating a sprinkle covered donut. ", "a close up of a man taking a bite out of a chocolate glazed sprinkled donut"]
["a man holding up a picture of a shark", "A man holding a surfboard while standing in a room.", "A man in black shirt holding up a boogie board with a shark on it.", "A man holding up his surf board with a shark on it .", "There is a man who is holding a boogie board."]
["A female toddler in a flowered dress feeding herself some pastry", "A young girl eating food while sitting in front of a window with mini blinds.", "A kid is biting into a piece of food.", "A young child eating a handful of something", "an image of a child putting food in its mouth"]
["A display of donuts with various toppings and varieties.", "Gaily-decorated doughuts are on paper on a table", "A table topped with different types of donuts and cakes.", "Window display of many types of donuts ", "A variety of donuts inside a glass display case."]
["Various kinds of donuts displayed on a table.", "There are plenty of doughnuts on the table. ", "A spread of several pastries that are covered in frosting. ", "A table with several kinds of donuts on top ", "Many different donuts and pastries are inside of a display case."]
["A box with four decorated donuts in it. ", "An assortment of donuts in a box on a table.", "A box filled with donuts on top of a table.", "A box with decorative tissue paper with donuts inside.", "A package of four donuts sits on a table."]
["A baseball player wearing a catchers mitt while catching a baseball.", "A baseball player running to catch a baseball", "A baseball player falls trying to catch a ball", "Kent State outfielder diving for a fly ball.", "a baseball player reaching for a baseball in the outfield"]
["a person at a table with a sandwich and a drink", "a man is getting ready to eat a small meal", "a plate with the stuff to make a meatloaf sandwich on it", "A person sits before a plate of food and a glass of beer.", "A man setting at a table looking at a large sandwich with vegetables on the side a glass of beer next to it."]
["One slice is taken from the thick crust pizza. ", "An apple pie missing one slice with a plate of spices.", "an apple pie with some forks beside it ", "A pie with a slice missing sitting on top of a table.", "a home made pizza sits on a trey "]
["A group of young people playing a game of soccer.", "A group of female soccer players at the pitch playing", "Soccer players are on the field kicking the ball.", "Opposing teammates playing a game of soccer on the field.", "A group of women are playing soccer on the field."]
["A small group on the bleachers has an umbrella.", "Spectators on bleachers watch a girls' soccer game", "A couple of soccer players playing a game.", "Three girls are playing a soccer game in front of people watching in the stands.", "Girls playing soccer on a soccer field with people watching from a set of bleachers."]
["Some girls who are playing soccer against each other.", "A women's soccer game in a field. ", "a number of people in a group playing soccer ", "A sports team is playing a game of soccer.", "A group of young women play soccer on a field."]
["A group of girls is playing soccer as the goalie tries to catch the ball.", "A group of girls in a field playing soccer.", "A group of women on a green field in the middle of a soccer game.", "A ALL GIRLS SOCCER TEAM ON A FIELD PLAYING SOCCER", "A group of girls on a field playing soccer"]
["A surfer is depicted riding a wave on a surf board.", "A man carves a wave on his surf board", "a man that is surfing on some body of water", "A surfer is surfing the waves in the ocean. ", "a person riding a surf board on a wave "]
["A person standing on a surfboard while riding a wave.", "A man water surfing nearly obscured by water spray.", "A surfer rides a bright yellow surfboard in the waves.", "A surfer is riding a yellow surf board as he hits the waves.", "A man on a surfboard in the ocean."]
["A man and woman holding surfboards close to the sea", "A couple of people with surfboards walking towards the water.", "a body of water that has some surfers on it", "a man and woman in wet suits carrying surf boards", "two people in wet suits walking towards the water "]
["Women run on a soccer pitch during a game.", "Three girls running after a soccer ball on the field.", "A group of girls on a field playing soccer.", "some women on a field running after a soccer ball", "A group of people playing a game of soccer."]
["Many young plays are playing soccer in the sand. ", "A few friends having fun playing soccer on the beach.", "there are many people playing soccer on the beach", "A group of children playing volley ball in the sand. ", "A group of girls who are playing a game in the sand."]
["A woman smiles while eating a pita sandwich.", "A blonde girl wearing sunglasses and a big smile eats a sandwich.", "a very smiley lady eating a sandwich in the street", "A blonde woman wearing sunglasses is eating outdoors near some other people.", "A woman is eating some food and smiling."]
["Two men check a white surfboard on a bench.", "Two men work on a surfboard while in a garage.", "Two men in a garage working on a surfboard .", "Two men in a parking garage work on a surf board.", "Two men work on a surfboard as it sits on a table. "]
["a man holding a surf board at the beach", "The surfer in black suit hold surfboard standing at the entrance to the water.", "A man with a surfboard about to go surfing.", "A surfer dressed in black carrying his board toward the water.", "a surf boarder stands by rocks holding his surfboard"]
["A man standing on top of a sandy beach near an upright surfboard.", "A surf board can be seen in the foreground and a man standing at the water can be seen in the background.", "A man is looking at the ocean water and a surfboard is behind a rope. ", "a young man is looking out at the distance at the ocean. ", "A man who is standing on a beach."]
["A young boy getting ready to blow out candles for his birthday.", "A little boy wearing a bright orange shirt prepares to blow out the candles on his birthday cake.", "A boy and a birthday cake with lit candles.", "A young boy sitting in front of a birthday cake with lit candles.", "A child is in front of a birthday cake with candles."]
["A man kicks a soccer ball on a soccer field.", "A man kicking a soccer ball on top of a field.", "A soccer player is kicking the ball during a game.", "a group of people playing soccer on a field ", "A group playing a game of soccer on a field in a park area."]
["A golden plate topped with strawberries covered in sauce.", "A number of strawberries on a green plate with sparklers.", "A plate with plates, candles, forks, scissors and knives", "Some strawberries floating in a bowl of pudding with sparklers added.", "A strawberry dish with two sparklers in it."]
["A cake sitting in a green bowl filled with fruit.", "A chocolate strawberry dessert on a blue table.", "A chocolate pudding in a dish with strawberries arranged on top.", "A gelatin dessert with strawberries in a green bowl.", "Chocolate and strawberry dessert in a bowl sitting on a table near some silverware."]
["A couple pieces of cake sitting on a plate.", "a plate with a cake on it ", "Chocolate cake on a white plate and tray, on mice table", "A cake sitting on top of a plate on a table.", " cake with several slices removed and placed on two plates. "]
["A third of the chocolate cake has been eaten.", "a cake with slices cut out of it", "A mini chocolate cake with pieces missing from it.", "A chocolate cake with several slices already gone.", "Small chocolate cake which is missing two slices"]
["A chocolate cake with a ring on it is on a white plate.", "A chocolate cake is on a white dish.", "A chocolate cake sitting on a white plat that is sitting on a wooden table.", " A chocolate ganache cake with a hotel stamp on it.", "A chocolate cake with a label on the top of it."]
["A boy lying a cross his bed with the lap top ", "A boy in a green shirt laying on a bed with red sheets. ", "Young man laying on a bed staring at a laptop.", "an image of a boy sitting on his bed playing on his laptop", "A young man on a bed with a laptop"]
["A chocolate cake is next to a bottle of beer.", "A slice of chocolate cake on a plate near a beer", "a stock photo of some dessert and a beer.", "A peace of cake on a plate in front of a beer.", "A slice of cake on top of a square plate."]
["A man on a surfboard riding a wave.", "A man rides a surfboard on a large wave.", "A person riding waves through the ocean on their surfboard.", "A person rides a surf board in the water.", "Surfer riding on decent sized wave as it breaks in ocean."]
["A surfer is on his board in the middle of an ocean spraying wave.", "A man on a surfboard riding a wave", "A man is surfing a small wave in the ocean.", "A man riding on a wave on a surf board.", "a person riding a surf board on a wave"]
["a bunch of people are in the water at the beach", "Several surfers out in the ocean waiting for waves. ", "Bunch of people out in the ocean riding surfboards", "A group of people standing at the beach riding waves.", "A large group of surfers scattered about the wavy shore."]
["The young girls are playing a game of soccer on the field. ", "A couple of girls are playing soccer with a green ball.", "young girls on a grassy field playing soccer with a bright green soccer ball", "Two woman soccer players are playing soccer on a field", "Two young girls on the same team playing soccer."]
["A group of young girls playing a game of soccer.", "Some girls playing soccer together on a soccer field.", "A girl lunges as she kicks a soccer ball.", "A girl in a green shirt going after a soccer ball.", "A group of girls chase after a soccer ball."]
["A group of young girls kicking around a soccer ball.", "there are many girls playing soccer on the field", "A soccer field with girls kicking a ball.", "A girl getting ready to kick the ball", "Girls running after a soccer ball on a soccer field."]
["A group of young ladies playing a game of soccer.", "Four girls are playing soccer in the field. ", "A few women on a field playing soccer", "Girls kicking the ball and running playing competitive soccer.", "A group of girls playing soccer against each other."]
["A surfer hangs ten while other surfers and swimmer look on.", "A group of surfers are in the ocean catching waves.", "Surfers are in the ocean and one is catching a wave.", "A man is surfing in the ocean next to other surfers who are sitting on their boards. ", "A man riding a wave on a surfboard in the ocean."]
["Man riding a surf board in a breaking wave.", "A man in a wetsuit surfing in a rough sea", "a man on a surfboard riding a big wave", "A surfer racing in front the a curling wave.", "A man rides the wave of a surfboard."]
["A baby in high chair with bib and cake.", "Two babies with a birthday cake with one candle.", "a close up of two children at a table with a cake", "a little boy looking at a birthday cake with white frosting ", "The children are getting ready to enjoy a piece of cake."]
["Children eating at a birthday party with party hats on", "Three small children wearing birthday next to a table.", "A group of small children having a birthday party.", "Three children have cake at a birthday party.", "three children wearing party hats are at a table"]
["Two men on surfboards riding on a small wave.", "two men in the ocean one up on a surfboard the other in the water", "The surfers are riding the ocean waves on their surfboards.", "A surfer is on top of the wave and another is near it.", "Two people on surfboards, one standing and the other lying down to paddle."]
["Two teams of girls playing soccer in a field.", "A girls soccer match is being played during the day.", "Girls of opposing teams playing a game of soccer.", "A group of young women playing each other in soccer. ", "a group of girls playing a game of soccer"]
["the bedroom looks neat and clean though it is a small area", "A bedroom with a picture window displays the owner's possessions.", "A IMAGE OF A BED ROOM WITH CHAIRS AND BOOK PACK", "A room with a bed, chairs and various boxes.", "A photograph of a bedroom inside a home."]
["A man surfing along a small wave in the ocean.", "A surfer in a yellow shirt catching a wave.", "A person on a surfboard rides a wave.", "A surfer riding the crest of a wave.", "A man riding a successfully riding a wave in the ocean."]
["A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.", "a person riding a wave on a surf board", "A young person ridding the waves on a surf board.", "A surfer that is riding a really big wave in the ocean.", "A man that is on a surfboard in the water."]
["A man on a surf board riding the waves in the ocean.", "A man in red shirt surfing on a white surfboard.", "a person riding a surf board on a wave", "The surfer is riding the big waves on the water. ", "A surfer is on top of an ocean wave."]
["A man on a surfboard riding an ocean wave.", "A person rides low on a surfboard over waves.", "A man riding a wave on a surfboard in the ocean.", "A man on a surfboard that just caught a wave", "Man surfing on blue surfboard during low tide."]
["a group of people playing soccer on a field", "A female soccer player sprints through the air for the ball while the opposing team follows.", "A group of female soccer players in white and orange uniforms.", "The girl kicks the soccer ball as the other girls pursue her.", "A group of young girls playing a game of soccer."]
["a group of females playing soccer in a field", "Athletic teams are playing a game of soccer.", "girl's soccer game showing competing girls in foreground with ball in mid air", "A group of women playing soccer in a grassy field.", "A group of young women playing a game of soccer."]
["A wedge of crumb cake on a white plate with a fork.", "Blueberry breakfast cake and fork on white plate.", "A slice of berry crumble cake on a plate with a fork", "A piece of cakes with fruit in it on a plate", "A slice of pie with topping and a fork sits on a serving plate."]
["A plate with a cake on top of it next to a fork.", "A piece of cake that is next to a fork.", "a white plate a fork and some berry pie", "A piece of blueberry crumb pie sitting to the rest of the pie.", "A pie with a slice cut out of it, and that slice placed in the front of it."]
["A slice of pizza is on this plate.", "A white plate topped with a slice of pizza next to eating utensils.", "A plate of cheese pizza with meat and vegetable toppings.", "A white plate holding a piece of pizza with a knife and fork.", "A slice of pizza on a plate on a table."]
["A gentleman putting something into a pizza box in a restaurant.", "The man is putting ingredients on the pizza.", "A guy is putting veggies onto a pizza while others watch.", "A person that is wearing a hat and glasses putting something on a pizza. ", "a picture of a group of pizza eating pizza"]
["A man wears a wrap towel in a hospital room.", "Man stands in front of hospital bed with a sheet wrapped around him.", "A man standing in a hospital room by a bed.", "A man is standing in a hospital room with a sheet wrapped around him. ", "A man in a hospital standing by the bed "]
["Yellow bowl filled with white powder topped in red jelly.", "A yellow bowl with red and white food in it.", "I do not know what this image is.", "A red gel added to a  mixing bowl of flour", "A bowl containing powdered sugar topped with a fruit syrup."]
["a close up of a piece of cake on a plate", "A chocolate and strawberry cake with a chocolate covered strawberry on top.", "A white plate with a desert that includes a strawberry.", "A cake with a large strawberry decoration on it.", "A piece of chocolate cake is decorated with strawberry."]
["a checkers board sits in a jail cell", "A prison cell that has become home is decorated with photographs and knick-knacks; also has some books and a checkers table set up. ", "There is a cot sitting beside a checkers board.", "The jail cell is arranged neatly with striped wall, made-up beg and checkerboard.", "A small jail cell filled with personal artifacts."]
["black and white image of a bedroom with bars on the windows", "In a rundown hospital setting beds are empty.", "Prison cell with two beds and paint peeling from walls.", "Black and white photograph of a bedroom with multiple pullout cots.", "Beds in an old hosipital and barred windows"]
["A cheesy pizza sitting on top of a table.", "A pizza pie, with two people preparing to take a slice.", "Pizza with bright green vegetables on it on a table. ", "A pizza with leafy greens on it is on a table.", "A freshly cut pizza about to be consumed"]
["Food on a plate on a table ", "A large piece of flatbread with olive oil that is sitting on a round plate.", "Freshly baked bread item, lightly seasoned, on a white plate", "A flat bread pizza is placed on a plate.", "A pizza that is sitting on a plate."]
["A bed with a purple blanket is pictured in this image.", "a room with a bed with a purple sheet", "A bed made with drawers underneath it ", "A bed with a purple comforter in a bedroom.", "A bed covered in a purple blanket covered mattress."]
["A man and woman eating slices of pizza at a pizzaria", "A man and a woman eating pizza off paper plates.", "A man and woman sitting at a table eating pizza.", "Two people sitting and eating cheese pizza on paper plates.", "A man and a woman eat pizza in a restaurant."]
["A plate with a pizza sitting on top of a wooden table.", "A pizza with mozzarella, tomato, and basil on a table with silverware. ", "A thin crust pizza served on a plate.", "A dinner plate with a flat pizza crust garnished with sauce and vegetables", "A plate with pizza set on a table with silver wear "]
["a man holding two fingers up with both hands", "A man sits at a table and he is holding two fingers up on each hand.", "Man posed behind a big salad bowl in a restaurant.", "Amanda continues was holding up the peace sign.", "A man in a restaurant makes the V sign with both hands."]
["A dog sleeping on bed against the wall. ", "A black and white dog laying on top of a bed.", "The black dog lies on the bed near the wall.", "A dog is laying on the bed like a person.", "a dog laying in a bed in a bed room"]
["A young man sitting next to a little girl on a bed.", "Two young kids in bed, one reading a book.", "A girl reads a book to her brother while they sit on a bed.", "Two young children are reading a book in bed.", "A boy and a girl sitting in bed looking at a book."]
["A person swinging a tennis racket on a tennis court. ", "A tennis player dressed in tennis whites playing tennis.", "A tennis player that just hit a tennis ball on the court ", "A man swinging a tennis racquet on a court.", "A person holding a tennis racquet on top of a court."]
["A white plate topped with pieces of pizza.", "A picture has text describing the food shown", "Pieces of a pizza with goat cheese, bacon, fig jam and kale.", "Two plates with several pieces of pizza on each plate, and on the pizza is cheese, bacon and kale.", "A graphic advertises savory fig jam, goat cheese, bacon and kale."]
["a man holding onto a roll of film in one hand and a tennis racket in the other ", "A man holding a racket on a field.", "A man on the tennis court holding a racquet.", "a man in black shirt playing serving at badmitten.", "a man with a tennis racket gets ready to hit a bad mitton "]
["A formally set dining table is adorned with fresh tulips. ", "a large table with many chairs and plates ", "A dinner table with a bunch of flowers on it in vases. ", "A table and chairs all set of with dishes.", "the table is set in the formal dining room."]
["A man holding a tennis racket in one hand and bouncing a tennis ball wit the other.", "A picture of a man on a tennis court taken from behind a chain link fence.", "A guy is photographed as he is playing tennis.", "A black and white picture of a person on a tennis court through the fence", "A man with a hat walking behind a gate. "]
["A large cheesy pizza sitting on top of a white plate.", "A pizza that is on a platter on a table.", "A large pizza with toppings on it sitting on a pan. ", "there is a very large pizza pie on this table", "A large pizza and a cell phone on a wooden table."]
["A large television and some chairs in a room.", "some tables chairs a yellow rug and some monitors ", "Two tall television monitors are next to chairs and desk.", "A room with large desks and chairs with two television monitors.", "A table is shown with chairs and televisions."]
["A man holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.", "A man taking a swing at a tennis ball", "A man hitting a tennis ball on a tennis court.", "A man hitting a tennis ball with his racket. ", "THERE IS A TENNIS PLAYER PLAYING TENNIS "]
["A close up of a house phone showing only the numbers in focus.", "A television remote with several buttons and a blurry background. ", "Picture of what might be a TV remote control and a distorted picture in the front.", "There is a close up photo of a phone dial pad", "The keys 1, 4, 7, and 8 are clearly visible on the remote."]
["A pizza sitting on top of a white plate.", "A pizza that is sitting on a plate.", "there is a freshly made pizza being put on a white plate", "A freshly made pizza that is being served for a meal.", "A pizza, with a saucy and leafy topping, on a plate on a dark brown table."]
["Young people open up many pizza boxes lined up on tables.", "An assembly line of people boxing a variety of pizzas.", "Long tables full of boxed pizza's and people helping themselves.", "there are people processing pizza on the table", "School lunch room with dozens and dozens of pizzas on tables."]
["There is a freshly made pizza out of the oven", "A man holding a square shaped pizza pie.", "A freshly made pizza, hot from the oven.", "A homemade square pizza fresh from the oven.", "A piece of food that is on a table."]
["a man stands on a chair looking at a computer ", "A man is standing on a chair using his laptop that is on top of a scaffolding.", "Man standing on a chair looking at a computer.", "A man stands atop a chair and peers at a laptop on a scaffold.", "a person standing on a chair using a computer"]
["Two pizzas sitting on pizza pans on a oven.", "Two pizzas that are sitting on pans on a stove.", "Two large pizza's in pizza pans on an oven.", "Two pepperoni pizzas rest on the counter after coming out of the oven.", "Two pepperoni pizzas cooling on the stove top"]
["A pizza that is on a wooden platter.", "Partially eaten pizza near other upper class menu items on table.", "A mushroom pizza sitting on a board with a plate of salad and glass of wine in the background.", "A pizza that has been cut sitting on a cutting board", "A half eaten pizza that is on a table."]
["The backside of a tennis player who just hit a ball.", "A woman standing on a tennis court holding a tennis racquet.", "A woman jumps to serve a tennis ball.", "A tennis player taking aim for a hit at the ball.", "A woman has just hit a tennis ball at an Olympic game."]
["A tennis player is holding his tennis racquet up.", "A male tennis player dressed in white, playing tennis on a grass surface tennis court.", "A man with his tennis racket is on the field. ", "A man holding a tennis racquet on a court.", "The man is playing a game of tennis on the court."]
["A player runs for the ball during a tennis match.", "A woman reaching with her tennis racquet on a court.", "A woman standing on a tennis court with a racket in her hand.", "A lady wearing white sneakers playing tennis on a tennis court.", "A woman vigorously plays tennis by running off the court."]
["The tennis player is ready to return the ball.", "a tennis player getting ready to hit the ball", "A person on a tennis court swinging to hit a tennis ball, with a crowd looking.", "The woman is swinging a tennis racket at an approaching ball.", "A tennis player wearing an orange skirt holds her racket back as a yellow ball is in the air near her."]
["Two women walking on top of a tennis court holding tennis racquets.", "two women tennis players are talking on the court", "Two women tennis players are talking in front of a crowd.", "Two women walking on a tennis court holding tennis rackets.", "Two women with tennis rackets talk while fans watch."]
["a couple of people play a game of tennis on a grass surface ", "people playing tennis ball and others watching the game", "Two people in the midst of a tennis match on a grass court.", "a man is playing tennis with another guy and is swinging the racket\n", "Two men playing tennis on a grass field."]
["a woman hitting a tennis ball with her racket", "A woman hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racket", "An athletic woman is playing tennis near a sport official.", "A WOMAN PLAYING A SHOT IN A GAME OF TENNIS.", "A woman taking a swing at a tennis ball"]
["A lady posed to hit a tennis ball on a tennis court.", "A tennis game being played on a clay court", "A girl hitting a tennis ball during a tennis match.", "A woman playing tennis on a clay court.", "A woman hitting a tennis ball on the court"]
["A view of a a pizza sitting on a table, with a person taking it off the tray.", "A person grabbing a piece of pizza from a pan.", "a trey with some pizza sitting inside of it ", "Someone is getting a slice of the pizza that is half eaten.", "some pizza is laying on a black pan"]
["A piece of pizza sitting on top of a plate.", "A person is holding up a slice of pizza as others visit a trolley shop.", "A person that is holding a slice of pizza.", "A piece of pizza on a paper plate.", "The person hold up the piece of pizza on the plate while on a busy road."]
["A beautiful woman standing next to two men with a beautiful blonde woman behind them.", "A smiling group of dressed up people are eating pizza.", "some people standing together while eating and holding some pizza ", "A couple of people eating a slice of pizza.", "A group of people dressed up while eating pizza."]
["Vegetable and cheese slice of pizza on white plate.", "A large slice of pizza sitting on top of a white plate.", "a piece of pizza sitting on a white plate", "A white piece of pizza served on a plate", "A slice of pizza that does not have red sauce is on a white plate.  "]
["A tennis player gets prepared to hit the ball.", "A fit young woman sees the tennis ball right in front of her, as she stands poised to swing.", "A woman gets ready to hit a ball.", "A female tennis player is trying to hit the ball. ", "A woman tennis player is outstretched on the court."]
["A woman is playing tennis on a brown dirt court.", "A tennis playing woman swinging to hit a tennis ball on the court.", "A lady is holding her arm forward for precision on a tennis swing.", "A lady is trying to keep the Tennis ball moving. ", "a woman getting ready to hit a tennis with her racket"]
["A woman sharing a meal of cheese pizza with a friend at a cafe", "A slice of cheese pizza laying on a paper plate at a restaurant and a woman eating a slice of pizza on a blue tray in front.", "A woman sitting in a restaurant with a slice of pizza in her hand. ", "A tray with a piece of pizza on it while a woman sits across the table eating. ", "a table that has a very large piece of pizza on it"]
["A fresh homemade pizza sitting on the stove.", "A pizza topped with tomatoes sits atop a stove.", "A pizza covered in cheese and tomatoes with basil.", "Pizza made with spice and tomatoes on wooden pan.", "A large uneaten pizza topped with tomatoes and basil."]
["Flatbread pizzas baking over an open flame on a grill. ", "Homemade pizzas with multiple vegetables cooking on a BBQ grill", "a couple of pizzas sit on a grill ", "Two very large pizzas sitting on top of a BBQ grill.", "Two pizzas being cooked on top of an outdoor grill. "]
["a flat bread pizza topped with vegetables on a grill", "A pizza on bread with vegetables grilling on a grill.", "A grill with a pizza with peppers on the top.", "A vegetable pizza is being cooked on a grill.", "a close up of a pizza being cooked on a grill"]
["a half eaten pizza on a tray  ", "half of the thin crust pizza has been eaten by the diner.", "a half of cut cheese pizza on a silver tray ", "A half eaten pizza is on a pizza pan. ", "A metal tray holding a pizza covered in cheese."]
["people gathered around a table getting slices of pizza.", "A group of gentlemen are eating from several boxes of pizzas.", "Men serve themselves pizza out of boxes laid out on a table.", "Diners help themselves to slices of pizza, served buffet style.", "Several people grabbing pizza from several pizza boxes on a table."]
["A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A man hitting a tennis ball with his racket", "A man in a red shirt hitting a tennis ball.", "A man on a tennis court holding a racket playing tennis.", "A man hitting a tennis ball with a racquet."]
["A man standing on top of a tennis court holding a racquet.", "Tennis player in red shirt and white shorts serves ball.", "A tennis player in action on the court.", "A man is playing tennis and watching the ball.", "I tennis player in a red shirt just served the ball."]
["a tennis player wearing red and white swinging at the ball", "A young man swinging a tennis racquet at a tennis ball.", "The man has a tennis racket in his hand. ", "a man with a racket hits a tennis ball ", "A tennis player is hitting the ball with his racquet."]
["A table topped with a cup full of toothbrushes.", "A bunch of toothbrushes in a cup on a bathroom sink. ", "Several different toothbrushes sitting in a cup beside toothpaste.", "A closeup of a container with a bunch of toothbrushes", "A cup that is holding several toothbrushes in it."]
["People with a camera have toothbrushes in their mouths.", "Two punks brush their teeth in a mirror while taking a selfie", "Two hipsters standing next to each other in front of a bathroom mirror.", "Couple with odd expressions with object in their mouths possibly toothbrushes.", "Man woman in their bathroom brushing their teeth."]
["The dog standing by the table is really skinny.", "A simple and vintage inspired living room and sitting area.", "The living room has two chairs and a table with a typewriter on it.", "A living room with furniture on top of a hard wood floor.", "A nice looking living room with some nice chairs."]
["Oriental woman preparing to put a toothbrush into her mouth.", "An Asian woman wearing a black top uses an electric toothbrush.", "The woman is brushing her teeth with a round brush.", "A woman brushing her teeth with a electric toothbrush.", "a lady is about to put an automatic tooth brush in her mouth"]
["A bald man in a bathroom brushing his teeth. ", "A man brushing his teeth while standing next to a  window.", "an old man brushing his teeth in his house", "A man is brushing his teeth near a window. ", "a nude man brushing his teeth with the window shades open"]
["Two cellphones have cute homemade cellphone covers. ", "Some cartoon character phones are featured in this photo.", "Sesame Street themed nintendo wiimote covers and a Nintendo DS", "THERE ARE TELEPHONES THAT ARE ON DISPLAY ", "Two Wii motes are decorated to look more like Sesame Street Characters. "]
["A group of young women playing a game of soccer.", "Two teams of female soccer players are vying for the ball.", "Young people are in action playing soccer on grass.", "Soccer players head butt the ball during a match.", "Two girls soccer teams are playing a game of soccer."]
["A chubby toddler is chewing on a toothbrush.", "A teary eyed baby is holding a toothbrush.", "A baby boy brushing his teeth with a tooth brush.", "A very young child chewing on a toothbrush.", "A baby sitting chewing on a toothbrush  to soothe his gumns"]
["A baby girl brushing her teeth in a bathroom sink.", "A girl brushing her teeth at the bathroom sink. ", "A young girl is brushing her teeth in a bathroom.", "A toddler in the bathroom with a toothbrush in her mouth. ", "A little girl with a toothbrush in her mouth bending over a sink."]
["A substance on a pair of q-tips in a persons hand.", "a close up of a person holding a pair of cotton swab", "Some one holding two Q-tips with some type of cream on them.", "a person is holding a couple of q-tips ", "Two white q-tips with cream on the tip"]
["A living room next to a kitchen and a dinning room.", "Interior view of a kitchen with a small bar area, wood floors and stairs to an upstairs area.", "an open concept of a  living room and kitchen combined", "a kitchen with a stove a counter and cupboards", "There is a huge room with furniture and things inside.\n"]
["An older man standing next to a woman.", "an older man and woman are holding their controllers", "A man and a woman holding remote controllers in front of a television.", "A couple of people standing with remotes controls.", "A man and woman holding Nintendo Wii controllers."]
["A young girl with a nice booty standing in a living room.", "4 PEOPLE IN A ROOM, THREE SITTING AND ONE STANDING ", "A person stands up to play wii while others watch.", "a person playing nintendo wii while people watch", "People watching TV while the one standing is operating the remote."]
["Two kids on a couch playing video games.", "A couple of people with remotes on a couch.", "Two men sitting on a couch are playing a game.", "A group of people in chairs with two young men playing video games.", "Two men playing Wii with other people behind them on computers."]
["Two boys play Wii while seated on a couch in a crowded room.", "Two young men in chairs playing game with Nintendo Wii controllers.", "Some people sitting on a couch with remotes.", "Two people sitting on a couch and playing a Wii game.", "Two people on a couch holding Wii controllers."]
["A living room filled with furniture and a library.", "A living room containing books, beanbag chairs and a fireplace.", "A living room has a fireplace and bookcases in it.", "The books are helpful for me to read.", "A room with bookshelves, a wood floor, and bean bag chairs."]
["A man holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.", "A man raises a Wii remote above his head, pointing it at something.", "A heavy set man showing his teeth in a funny manner.", "A man plays a game with a Wii controller. ", "A man holding a controller playing a video game."]
["An older man sitting next to an older woman, both of them are holding Wii controllers.", "A older man and women sitting on a couch.", "The elderly couple is sitting on the couch with the remotes.", "An elderly man and woman hold remote controllers on a couch.", "An older couple is playing a video game."]
["a person in a living room playing nintendo wii while people watch", "a man is standing up holding a controller", "Couple people sleeping on the couch while dud plays the Wii", "A man is playing Wii in a living room while other people sleep or watch him play.", "Young man standing and playing a computer game on a big screen."]
["A neat living room in a wood cabin.", "A living room filled with furniture and windows.", "A cabin's den with hardwood walls and entertainment system", "A living room with wooden walls and a tv.", "A living room of a cabin-style house features furniture and some antique items. "]
["A man with spiked hair looks at a laptop computer.", "a man playing a computer game with a video game remote", "A man holding tie devices in his hands while he looks at his laptop.", "A man holding remotes in his hands standing next to a desk with a laptop on it.", "A man with video game remotes in his hand and a neon necklace around his neck. "]
["Two men looking at a computer screen with Wii remotes.", "an image of two couples of playing a video game", "Two men are using video game remote controls.", "These two friends are playing a game of Wii.", "Two men playing video games together in a room"]
["A beautiful blonde girl holding a Nintendo Wii controller next to a man .", "A couple enjoying playing Wii on a computer screen", "Two people are playing a computer video game.", "Two people are playing a video game together.", "Two people play a game with a game console and a monitor. "]
["two people standing near each other playing nintendo wii", "A man and a woman in front of a TV playing Wii.", "A man and woman are playing a game with Wii controllers.", "A man and a woman playing the Nintendo Wii.", "A woman standing next to a man holding game controllers."]
["two men playing a video game with controllers ", "Two guys holding up the Wii remote controls.", "A couple of men playing a game with remote controllers.", "Two men holding the remotes for a video game. ", "A couple of young men holding Wii controllers."]
["This is a living room with a gray couch and yellow chair.", "Living room with sectional couch and modern decor.", "A living room with a large couch and a brick wall.", "The pillow is sitting on the grey couch.", "A spacious living room with a large gray sectional sofa."]
["A room filled with furniture and beautiful decor. ", "A full view of a room with many things. ", "A dining table sits next to a book shelf and cabinet.", "Vase and flower center piece on table next to window and china case", "The dining room table is clean and ready for us to use."]
["Several pillows are lined up down the length of a bed. ", "A bed with several pillows lined up on it.", "this bed has many pillows on top of it", "There is a bed with several pillows on it.", "A bed with a row of red and blue stripped pillows with a lamp on a table next to it."]
["A desktop computer sitting next to a keyboard.", "An apple computer has a black checkered keyboard.", "A small white computer and keyboard on a desk.", "Black and white keys on a computer keyboard", "a computer with a keyboard that has black and white keys "]
["A wooden table topped with two monitors and a laptop computer.", "A computer and two monitors sitting on a desk.", "one laptop two monitors two keyboards and two mice", "someone has to do their work on three computers", "Three computer monitors are sitting on the desk."]
["There are keyboard keys on a wooden table.", "The keys of an Apple keyboard displayed on a table.", "Buttons from a keyboard all arranged together on a desk.", "A table holding various keys to a keyboard.", "The letters of a laptop keyboard are sitting on a wooden table."]
["A man sitting next to two large dogs wearing bandannas.", "Man sitting down with both his dogs with a blurry hand and cell phone in the foreground.", "A man sits as two dogs interact with him.", "People standing near two furry dogs close to a rail.", "A husky dog sits in front of his owner."]
["Woman holding a cell phone covered with a crochet pounch", "A woman holding a cell phone in a crocheted case.", "A woman holding a cell phone in a crochet cell phone holder. ", "a person holding a cell phone in a knit case", "a person holding a cell phone in a knit sleeve"]
["a man in a room watching television and a wooden table", "a man sitting on a chair on a tiled floor", "A living room area with tile flooring and a man sitting int he middle of the room on a chair with a remote control in his hand, while looking at a television.", "The man sits in a chair as another sits on the couch watching television. ", "People sitting in a room and watching a small television."]
["A living room filled with blue furniture in front of a TV.", "Room with a television, blue chairs and a bed.", "A living room with an attached bedroom divide by a gate.", "A bedroom is split by a gate to join two chairs and a tv.", "a living room with two blue chairs and a television."]
["A well lit living room with sofas and coffee table.", "A living room is set up in a dainty manner with sofas and loveseats", "A living room with a couch, chairs, and a table.", "A living room with a end table, three chairs and a couch.", "A nice living room has chairs and a love seat."]
["A very large building with a large clock on it .", "A huge clock hanging from the side of the building. ", "A large clock on the side of a building with trees below.", "a clock attached to a building with a sky background", "There is a clock on the side of a building"]
["People flying and watching kites at a park", "A group of people standing on a field flying kites.", "Several kites being flown in a city park.", "some people on some grass are flying kites and buildings", "A kite flying through the air in the middle of a park."]
["Many of the kites ascend high into the clouds.", "A group of kites flying in the blue sky on a nice day. ", "a blue sky that has a kite in it", "a couple of kites are flying in the sky\n", "Two views of bright objects floating through the blue sky."]
["Kites flying over a large park in the middle of a city.", "People in a park flying kites near a river. ", "People flying kites and having a picnic at the park.", "A group of people sitting in the grass watching kites fly by.", "People having a picnic in the park while others fly kites."]
["A girl in a park area flies a multi-colored kite.", "A girl flying a kit in the sky. ", "A young woman flying a rainbow colored kite.", "a person in a large field flying a kite in the sky", "A woman looks up at her colorful sailing kite."]
["some people on a green hill are flying kites", "a bunch of people stand atop of a green hill", "A kite flying in the sky over a grassy hill.", "Nothing is more pleasant than standing on a grassy knoll and flying a kite.", "There are many people standing at the top of this hill"]
["A group of people flying a kite in a field.", "two people in a field are flying a kite", "People are standing in the grass flying a kite.", "Several people standing around with kites flying overhead.", "An image of a kite being flown in a park."]
["A couple of young men standing next to each other on a street.", "Two children on a street in a developing nation.", "Two young boys standing in brick paved street.", "Two kids standing in the street next to the curb", "Two boys stand on a city street next to a curb."]
["A man kiteboarding over waves in the ocean.", "A man that is in the air on a surfboard.", "Kite surfer on board jumping out of water.", "A man parasails in the ocean on a nice day.", "A man with feet connected to board being carried across water."]
["A youngster is flying a kite on the beach. ", "A person flying a kite on the shore of a beach.", "Person running after red bag high in the air with clouds on beach", "a person in blue pants is flying a kite on the beach and clouds", "A boy flying a kite in the cloudy sky."]
["Two beautiful women standing next to a black umbrella.", "Two young girls pose with a kite near a painted wall.", "Two girls holding a homemade kite between them.", "Two schoolgirls with a homemade kite featuring the flag of Jordan.", "These girls are showing the art they made."]
["A surf sailer gathers his gear and walks along grass.", "A person carrying something used for para-sailing walks across the sandy field.", "a ,man holding on to a surfboard and a large kite", "The person is carrying a very large kite.", "a person is preparing to hang glide in the sky"]
["A white stove top oven sitting between two counters.", "Shot of a kitchen stove next to a sink.", "A white gas stove in between wooden cabinets.", "An earth tone kitchen has a gas range, tan countertops and oak cabinets.", "a kitchen with a  white stove, patterned wall paper and wooden cabinets."]
["A blue vase holding a bunch of white and yellow flowers.", "A blue ceramic vase filled with yellow and white flowers.", "There is a vase with sunflowers in it", "Bouquet of yellow and white flowers in a blue vase.", "An arrangement of yellow flowers with one white flower."]
["A bucket full of red flowers and leaves put on a decorative area", "A vase with pink flowers and a cloth at the bottom.", "A vase of lilies sits on a table.", "There is a vase with many beautiful pink flowers in it", "Bright red flowers are in a brown vase."]
["a teddy bear laying on a turned down hotel bed with chocolates", "A teddy bear laying in an empty bed.", "A teddy bear on a hotel bed that is made.", "Bear laying on a pillow with covers folded down and two candies.", "A teddy bear lays in a bed resting it's head against a pillow."]
["A brown stuffed teddy bear sitting on top of a couch.", "a stuffed animal on a bed wearing headphones", "A stuffed toy wearing headphones leans up against a pair of pillows.", "A stuffed rabbit wearing a set of headphones ", "A stuffed rabbit with a headset on his ears. "]
["a little teddy bear sitting by a pillow ", "A stuffed teddy bear sitting amongst pillows on a bed", "A teddy bear lies softly on a bed amongst the pillows.", "A small teddy bear is sitting by the pillow on the bed.", "A vintage teddy bear cuddles in the midst of pillows."]
["a room with laptops and headphones resting on tables.", "A classroom with desks and laptops with headphones on them.", "A vacant classroom with tables covered by laptops with headphones", "This classroom has several places to seat with laptops and headphones.", "A room with many tables, with multiple laptops with headphones on each."]
["a baseball player with a bat on the field ", "A baseball player is on the field warming up.", "A baseball player warms up beside home plate.", "A man in a baseball uniform warming up preparing to bat at a baseball stadium.", "a man holding a baseball b at on the ball field"]
["A man standing on a baseball field holding a bat.", "A baseball game in progress with the next player up warming up with his bat.", "The men are playing a game of baseball on the field. ", "A group of people on a field playing baseball.", "some baseball players are playing baseball on a field"]
["a girl in a white dress and a big yellow animal", "Giant yellow teddy bear with light above and woman standing in front. ", "This is a woman standing in front of an enormous stuffed animal.", "She was standing outside in front of the giant Teddy Bear.", "A woman in a dress posing by a large yellow stuffed animal."]
["A group of men on a field playing baseball.", "An umpire stands behind a catcher who stands in front of a baseball player holding a bat to his shoulder on a field.", "A batter, catcher and umpire in a baseball game.", "A man holding a baseball bat ready to swing with a catcher and umpire behind him.", "a better at the plate with the catcher and umpire behind him"]
["A baseball player at bat in a stadium", "a baseball game with the batter swinging his bat", "A baseball player in the batting box with the umpire and catcher.", "A batter swinging a bat on a baseball field.", "A baseball player about to swing at a pitch. "]
["The young girl is posing with a softball bat.", "A girl with a bat standing in a field.", "a little girl that has a baseball bat in her hand", "A softball player holding the bat on first base.", "A softball girl is posing with a bat on home base. "]
["A child in baseball uniform prepares to pitch a ball. ", "A boy pitches a ball to a batter.", "The young ball player preparing to pitch the ball.", "The boy throws a baseball to another boy who is ready to hit it.", "A young man prepare to pitch in a game of baseball."]
["A view of a baseball game during the day.", "A baseball game is in progress with a crowd.", "Pitcher throws ball to the batter who is ready to swing", "some baseball players are playing on a field and fans", "A pitcher throwing a ball at a game."]
["A batter waiting for a pitch to be thrown.", "A baseball field with a guy standing at home plate batting. ", "A softball game is being played on a dirt field.", "A baseball player is getting ready to hit the ball.", "A batter waits for the pitch to be thrown"]
["An advertisement on a trailer of baseball player", "A sign featuring a famous player claims allegiance to the Mets.", "A truck trailer with a vintage baseball sign.", "A truck advertising a baseball team on it.", "A trailer has a big baseball advertisement on it's side."]
["A baseball player swinging a bat at a ball.", "a batter hitting a baseball with a at home plate ", "A batter swings at an incoming fastball pitch.", "A batter on a baseball field in mid-swing with a catcher and an umpire behind him.", "A baseball player prepares to hit the baseball with his bat. "]
["The baseball player has connected with the ball.", "three people are playing baseball a batter a catcher and an umpire", "A baseball player swing a baseball bat on a baseball field.", "A batter has just hit the ball but has not dropped the bat yet to run.", "A baseball game is being played in a shadowy ballpark."]
["A baseball player holding a bat next to a ball.", "The man is trying to hit the baseball during his game. ", "An adult baseball hitter reacts to a pitched ball.", "A batter at home plate just about to swing at a baseball", "A man on a field swinging a baseball bat at a ball."]
["Baseball players fielding a hit in the infield.", "A couple of baseball players running a play during the game. ", "an action shot of some baseball players on a field", "A baseball game where a player has fallen on the ground.", "Baseball players catching a ball in the field."]
["A couple of young men standing on top of a baseball field.", "Two men are running and playing some baseball.", "The runner tries to reach a plate before the baseman catches the ball.", "Two players from opposing teams in mid play ", "Two men running and playing baseball with plate and grass"]
["An umpire, a guy in a red uniform and a guy in a green uniform", "A batter swings at the ball while the catcher and umpire watch.", "A man that is standing in the dirt with a baseball bat.", "A baseball player is swinging a baseball bat.", "A batter, catcher, and umpire in a baseball game. "]
["a baseball player getting ready to run to first base", "A person playing baseball with legs ready to run.", "Man in baseball uniform holding a bat and moving away front he plate. ", "Baseball player about to run from home base while dropping the bat.", "A baseball player running to another base with a baseball bat."]
["Many people playing a type of sport on a field. ", "A group of men on a field playing baseball.", "A baseball game is being played before a handful of people.", "People playing baseball on a sandy sports field", "A man swinging a baseball bat as another looks on."]
["Young man batting during a sunny baseball game.", "A man swinging a bat while playing baseball.", "A baseball player swinging the bat at a ball.", "The young baseball player in the red helmet is swinging his bat. ", "A man that is standing with a baseball bat."]
["A woman in a white shirt and pink skirt playing tennis.", "A female tennis player playing at the US Open.", "A woman on a tennis court poses her racquet as a ball comes towards her.", "A lady in a white top and pink skirt serving up a tennis ball.", "an image of a professional tennis player that is returning a serve"]
["A tennis player jumps and hits a ball.", "A man is playing tennis on a tennis court.", "a man is playing tennis on a court", "A man with a tennis racket with a tennis ball in the air.", "The tennis player is returning a difficult serve."]
["A man swinging a tennis racket at a tennis ball.", "a man on a blue tennis court waiting for a tennis ball ", "a tennis player has just hit the tennis ball ", "A man in white shirt and shorts playing tennis.", "A person swinging at a tennis ball on a court."]
["A person smiling next to a whole pizza.", "The man is smiling near a pizza at a restaurant.", "A man that is sitting in front of a pizza.", "A man sitting at a table that has a pizza on it.", "a man smiles as he sits in front of a big pizza "]
["Woman tennis player delivering hit of tennis ball during a match.", "A tall girl hitting a tennis ball and smiling", "Tennis player hitting a ball during a game.", "A woman taking a swing at a tennis ball", "A woman is forcefully hitting a tennis ball."]
["A female tennis player in white serves the ball.", "A beatiful young woman playing a game of tennis.", "A girl with a racket in one hand.", "The professional tennis player readies for that moment  to serve the ball.", "A woman serves the ball during a tennis match."]
["A young girl standing on top of a tennis court.", "A hard surface tennis court with two girls on the first court together, holding tennis rackets in their hands.", "a girl is standing on a court with a tennis racket", "The two girls are practicing the sport tennis. ", "The kids are playing tennis on the courts for physical education"]
["this is a woman on a tennis court", "a person walking on a tennis court holding a racket club", "a girl that is just swung a tennis racket. ", "A woman walking off the tennis court holding a racket.", "A woman in a red jacket is playing tennis."]
["A person is taking a slice of pizza inside.", "A large pizza sitting on top of a white plate.", "A thick crust pizza being eaten by someone.", "this person is eating a slice of pizza", "A child is ready to break apart the pizza. "]
["A man sitting at a laptop computer sitting in front of a mirror.", "An image if a boy typing is reflected in a mirror.", "a mirror with a reflection of a young man using a laptop ", "A teenage boy on his computer in a bedroom.", "Young teen reflected in wooden framed mirror using laptop."]
["A black and silver computer mouse with a black background.", "A Microsoft mouse is displayed on a table.", "A sleek black and silver wireless mouse is on this table", " The computer mouse will get a lot of use by its owner.", "Miicrosoft  manufactures the latest electronic devices in the market\n"]
["Computer desk with destop and open mac laptop", "a white laptop and a computer on a wood desk", "a table top with some computers on top of it ", "A laptop and a desktop sitting next to each other.", "a keyboard a laptop a monitor a phone on a desk"]
["These are two very red sporty cars that are parked in the lot.", "two cars parked in parking lot with a clock tower in the backgroound", "Two cars that are parked in a parking lot.", "two red cars parked in a parking lot near a clock tower", "Two red cars are parked next to each other."]
["A table topped with lots of flowers in gold vases.", "A large table with many vases of flowers.", "A bunch of flowers set out on a table", "Vases of amaryllis, lilies, and other flowers arranged in silver vases on a tablecloth.", "Several vases on a table with different flowers in them. "]
["A work desk with a silver laptop propped up on top of the desk.", "The laptop is propped up above another keyboard and mouse.", "a laptop sitting on a special rack on top of a desk", "A computer work station in a business environment.", "A computer sitting on a desk with a mouse and keyboard"]
["A man sitting at a desk with a computer holding a cell phone.", "A young man sitting with a serious look on his face.", "a man using a remote control while playing a video game", "A guy in a black shirt charging his cell phone.", "A man sitting in front of a computer desk in front of a keyboard."]
["A man hugging a teddy bear while laying on a couch.", "A man asleep on a couch holding a teddy bear.", "A man holding a teddy bear sleeping on a green plaid couch.", "A man in a red shirt sleeps on a couch holding a teddy bear.", "a man with eye glasses laying on a coach and holding a teddy bear"]
["A stuffed teddy bear sits on a tree branch.", "A teddy bear is sitting in a tree.", "A stuffed bear is on a branch of a tree.", "The orange stuffed teddy bear is on a tree limb. ", "A brown teddy bear sitting up in a tree."]
["A brown teddy bear laying on a carpet with the sun shining on it.", "A toy stuffed animal lying on the ground.", "A teddy bear dressed in denim is laying on a floor.", "A teddy bear wearing a blue jumpsuit lays on a gray carpet.", "A homemade teddy bear laying on a rug. "]
["a stuffed animal is on the table nest to some leafs", "A brown teddy bear sitting on top of an answering machine.", "There's a stuffed bear sitting on a table", "A brown teddy bear sitting on top of a phone.", "A stuffed bear on a clear glass table."]
["A woman with bright red hair siting in front of a table.", "Two women sitting at a table looking at a laptop.", "The woman are sitting at the restaurant table on the laptop.", "Woman in red hair sitting at a white table.", "Two women watch a laptop over a glass of wine."]
["A small cell phone sitting next to a glass of Pepsi.", "A cell phone resting on a glass of Pepsi.", "A cup of soda with a cell phone propped against it.", "Cell phone laying on the side of a glass of soda.", "a cell phone leaning against a tall cup"]
["A man is talking on his cell phone.", "A man has an intense cell phone conversation while making a gesture.", "A man talks on a cellphone near a building.", "a man with a tattoed arm talking on his cell phone", "The man also talks with his hands while conversing on the phone."]
["A pair of scissors next to some butter knives.", "A pair of orange scissors and eating utensils on a yellow surface.", "A pair of scissors placed on a table.", "A tray with scissors, dice and various other tools.", "a pair of scissors sit next to other tools "]
["Some people sitting around at various tables, with a railing dividing them", "A group of guys sitting around at a table", "There is a group of people gathered together", "Several people sitting in a room in groups.", "Group of people sitting in a room with a railing in the middle"]
["A girl looking out her window in her room. ", "A girl sitting in a bedroom, on a table, looking out the window.", "A girl sitting on a table in a bedroom looking out of a window.", "The young girl is sitting on a table in front of a bedroom window.", "there is a woman that is sitting in front of a bedroom window"]
["There are a lot of appliances stacked in the room.", "a refrigerator near an oven on a table ", "a large metallic fridge is next to a desk", "Fridge and large appliances in industrial looking kitchen.", "A warehouse with a refrigerator, oven and a desk.  "]
["Man putting laptop in bag while another Man is sleeping.", "Man putting away his laptop in a case with another man sleeping at his PC.", "Two men at a desk, one packing bag, one sleeping.", "One worker is taking a nap, while the other worker is packing up a laptop.", "two college graduates pack up after a long day"]
["A steel oven is pictured in this image.", "A new stainless steel stove ready for installation.", "a close up of an oven in a kitchen ", "a nice stove that is inside of a kitchen", "A silver state of the art oven being installed."]
["A woman using a laptop computer at night.", "A woman in a black dress is using a laptop.", "A woman standing up with a open laptop.", "A woman in black dress using a laptop by a park bench.", "The woman is outside using her laptop. "]
["A mouse sitting on book, with a Microsoft logo on it.", "THIS IS A PHOTO OF A MOUSE ON TOP OF A BOOK", "A computer mouse is sitting on the page of a book.", "this is a mouse on a page on a table", "A mouse sitting on a book under an illustration of a tree."]
["A woman sitting at a table while holding a cell phone.", "A woman in a bonnet looking at a cellphone.", "A woman is looking at a cellphone that she's holding.", "A lady wearing some white head covering using her phone at a restaurant.", "An amish woman looks at her flip phone in a restaurant."]
["A man checking his phone while a woman takes a photo of the water.", "A man and a lady playing with a wireless device of some sort.", "A man and woman sitting on a dock reading their cellphones.", "A guy and a girl standing by the water on cellphones.", "Two people sitting on a dock working on their cell phones."]
["A row of ovens sitting inside of a warehouse.", "Several ovens lined up together in a room.", "A number of models and colors of stoves. ", "A row of different kind of kitchen stoves with different styles and colors.", "A warehouse lined with many different colored stoves."]
["An old clock tower showing one forty-five during the day.", "A very large tower with a white clock on it's face.", "a clock on a tall tower with a sky background", "A smog darkened store clock tower providing a roost for pigeons. ", "A clock tower with the time at one forty-five."]
["a close up of a child holding a cell phone", "A little girl is holding up a cell phone to the camera.", "A young child holding a cell phone in her hand", "A little girl holding a cell phone in her hands.", "A little girl holding up a smart phone."]
["Three woman and a man all sitting at a table on their cell phones.", "a family sitting at a table in a restaurant looking at their phones", "Women sitting at a table in a restaurant all looking at their phones ", "A table with people at it all on their cell phones.", "A family sitting a restaurant's dining table on their cellphones."]
["A woman is sitting using a cell phone.", "a woman talking on a cell phone in a resturant", "A woman sitting down talking on her cell phone.", "A woman is talking on her cell phone in the middle of a restaurant.", "A gray haired woman talking on a cell phone."]
["Three people walking on a hike in the outdoors.", "Three people standing next to each other on a country road in a forest.", "Three people stand on a curved road edged by pine trees and fog.", "Three people are on a tree lined road.", "Three men wearing specialty clothing with machines strapped to their backs."]
["A smart device sitting on top of a brick counter.", "A cell phone flipped open near a lamp.", "A flip up cell phone with keypad on top of a book", "A grey flip phone on a table next to a lamp.", "An electronic device on a table next to a lamp. "]
["An old style portable phone and the bag it sets in.", "a cellphone a white bag and some cords", "A wireless phone laying on a case next to a charger.", "A phone is sitting on its case with a charger next to that.", "A mobile phone sitting on top of a bag and some cords."]
["A man holding a phone up to his ear near a tall brick building.", "A person on a phone in a jacket next to a building.", "A man in a suit talking on a cell phone next to a wall.", "A man in a suit stands outside and talks on a phone next to a large window.", "A person is talking on a phone next to a wall."]
["a work desk with display with graphs, notebooks, and keyboard", "a table top with a giant remote control on it ", "A glass desk with a variety of electronic equipment on it.", "a black keyboard and other things under a case", "A computer keyboard and book on a table."]
["Group of people outside and one pointing up to the sky.", "A group of people standing around talking happily.", "A man taking a photo of the sky amongst his happy family", "A man did something funny that the women laugh about it.", "A group of people smile and laugh together."]
["A older woman is on the phone in a kitchen.", "An older woman on a cell phone in her kitchen.", "Older woman talking on her personal flip phone.", "A woman is standing in a kitchen talking on her cell phone.", "An elderly woman talking on her flip phone"]
["A small object that has two antennas coming out of it.", "A wooden table with books brochures and pencils.", "a case with some markers sitting on a wooden table ", "Many items are sitting on top of a wood table.", "The two markers are sitting on the holder on the table."]
["A hand pressing buttons to play a game on a flip phone.", "A hand holds a phone and presses a button. ", "A flip style cell phone in a hand.", "A close up view of a person holding out an open cell phone.", "A hand holds an old-style flip phone in the open position.  "]
["a close up of a person talking on a very old cell phone ", "The man is talking on the phone which is a older style phone.", "a man that is talking on a cell phone", "two males in black shirts and one has a phone", "A man is yelling into a mobile device in a room."]
["A man talking on an old ass cell phone from the 80s.", "A smiling man wearing glasses talks on an older style cell phone.", "A man talking on an old style cell phone.", "A man is talking on an old cellular phone.", "The man is talking on an old school cellular phone."]
["A clock mounted on a stove top oven.", "A stainless steel Maytag clock radio with a rock on it.", "This is the clock and oven controls for the stove.", "The electronic display of an oven displays \"350\".", "The dash of a stove showing the oven temperature and pans on the stove top."]
["Kitchen area of home with food in oven or consumption.", "A kitchen counter top with built-in oven and stone flooring.", "A cluttered kitchen with the light turned on in the oven.", "a stove has its light on in the kitchen", "A kitchen with a few cabinets and a small oven."]
["A container is standing on a loading dock.", "A white refrigerator with two doors and a basket sitting on top of it.", "some kind of cabinet that is in a building", "a weird looking appliance that could be a cabinet or a fridge ", "a white fridge with stuff piled on top"]
["Two buildings standing tall but the tallest one has a clock on it.", "A clock tower next to a building in a city.", "A large clock tower in the center of a town .", "A clock tower beside a building in the sun ", "A large tower with a clock beside a building."]
["A tall clock tower sticking out of the roof of a building.", "A view over the slate roofs of a seaside town.", "There is a beautiful view from the rooftops.", "Many building roofs with a view of the ocean in the background.", "A red and grey clock tower above buildings by water."]
["A floor covered in food and office supplies.", "Various supplies and food on a carpet that include water bottles and pens.", "School supplies laid out on a carpet before the school year.", "School supplies, food, and hygiene products are laid out on carpet.", "a pile of school supplies and water bottle sitting together"]
["A boy hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.", "a large vase with a big colorful boquet sitting on a table ", "A vase full of flowers of different colors.", "A large vase of flowers in front of a wall.", "a close up of a vase with many different flowers in it"]
["There are a lot of people sitting by the fountain.", "A clock that is on the side of a tower.", "A gathering of people sit outside by the big clock.", "People are sitting near a fountain in a courtyard.", "A person on a field near a large tall tower with a clock."]
["Big clock decorates the outside of a brick wall", "gauge or dial on brick wall in britain yard", "The clock is sitting at the entrance of the parking lot.", "A brick wall with a white and black clock on it.", "The face of a clock is in a brick pillar."]
["A city that has many large and tall buildings. ", "A city with very tall and pointy buildings.", "a clock in a clock tower and some buildings and clouds", "The rooftops and clock towers in a European cityscape", "The roofs of many buildings can be seen in the city. "]
["a tower with some clocks on the top of it", "A clock that is on top of a building.", "The tower clock is architecturally sound in purpose and appearance.", "A tall clock tower with a clock on each of it's sides.", "A large brick clock tower attached to a building."]
["Tall tower with a clock on top on an overcast day.", "Big Been clock tower in London, England on an overcast day.", "the building has a clock on the top of it", "An old clock tower showing two clocks outlined in gold.", "A very tall building with a clock at the top of it."]
["A very tall tower has clocks all around the top of it", "The tower on the building has a clock displayed. ", "Two clocks on the sides of a clock tower.", "A clock tower rises high into a gray colored sky.", "A tall, ornate tower features clocks on its front and side."]
["A golden clock in a case on display.", "A golden clock with figures of children in a glass case on display.", "A very ornate and very pretty gold clock.", "A gold clock wit two cherubs under glass. ", "A clock with two statues on the table"]
["A plate of breakfast foods sitting on a table.", "A tray filled with a plate of food and cups of coffee and orange juice.", "Breakfast plate on placemat next to coffee and orange juice.", "A meal set out on a plate with a glass of orange juice and a cup of coffee.", "A bacon, eggs, and toast breakfast complete with coffee and orange juice."]
["Black and white photograph of houses and a clock tower.", "A tall clock tower with a weather vane on top.  ", "A building has a tower with a clock on it.", "The tower in town has a clock displayed. ", "a tall stone structure with a steeple holding a compass and a clock."]
["A man sits with a teddy bear on his shoulders. ", "A man has a teddy bear around his neck.", "A man sitting down with a brown teddy bear on his shoulders.", "A man smiling with a teddy bear behind his head. ", "A man with a small brown stuffed animal on his shoulder."]
["A person laying down holding a teddy bear", "A person is laying in bed with a stuffed bear", "A man lying in bed holding a brown teddy bear.", "A man in black shirt laying on bed with a teddy bear.", "A guy holds a stuffed bear in front of the camera. "]
["A baby and a teddy bear in a playpen.", "Small baby in a hello kitty sweater smiling for the camera.", "A baby is smiling while holding a teddy bear.", "A smiling baby sitting and holding a stuffed animal.", "a small child in a gray shirt and a teddy bear"]
["A young girl, holding  a teddy bear at an outdoor event.", "a girl with a captain america shirt holding onto a teddy bear. ", "A girl in blue shirt holding a teddy bear in a room.", "A woman holding a teddy bear in a costume while wearing a really tight shirt.", "A woman in a captain america suit with a teddy bear"]
["A kitchen counter with a clock and notepad on it.", "A small wooden clock sitting on a counter next to a note pad and pen.", "A clock, notepad, and bottle on a marble countertop.", "A clock, notepad, pen and something in a plastic bag on a table.", "A clock is sitting next to a list."]
["An old clock with Roman numerals in a tower.", "The Big Ben clock tower towering over the city of London.", "A large clock tower under a grey cloudy sky.", "A cloudy picture of a golden clock tower.", "A high tower with a point on top has a clock near the top."]
["A clock tower next to a street and a body of water.", "A clock tower lit up by the bay", "A round clock on a colorful tower near a harbor.", "A large clock tower is lit up on a shore.", "A tall clock tower stands near a body of water and a light post."]
["The two figurines and bells are under the clock.", "A stone building with a large clock on it's face.", "A clock with German figures beneath it is on the side of the building.", "An ancient-looking clock on a building has two bells with a soldier stationed at each end.", "A clock, bells and wall sculpture on a building."]
["A large brick church with a clock mounted on it's side.", "A church made of red brick with a white steeple.", "A weather vane sits on top of a building.", "A building with a small tower and a wind indicator on top.", "Roof of a brick building with a chimney and a steeple with a weather vane on top."]
["A tall castle like building has a clock over the window", "A very tall building that has a clock.", "A large brick building with a clock at the top.", "A large brick bulding with a massive clock on the face of the building.", "A clock and tower atop a brick structure."]
["The vanity looks like it belongs in a Victorian house.", "Some very old and antique looking objects. ", "Some vases that are in a glass container.", "Ornate table with cased vases and elaborate wall", "A desk with a mirror in a room."]
["a silver vase and some silver leaves and a green plant", "A slender silver vase holds a simple arrangement of branches with silver leaves.", "A metal vase sitting on top of a  wooden desk.", "Artificial decoration in a silver vase sitting by a plant.", "A silver vase sits on a wood surface with sprigs of silver leaves in it next to a leafy green plant."]
["A flower vase that is very colorful. ", "a vase covered in mosaic tiles holding three flowers", "A picture of a vase with three flowers in it.", "There are three individual flowers in a vase.", "A vase filled with red and white flowers."]
["a cup that has a pair of scissors pens and markers in it", "Pens, markers, pencils and scissors in a cup on a desk next to a cellphone.", "A cup with some scissors and some pens on a desk.", "a cup containing scissors, a pen, and a few eyeliner pencils", "A view of a cup holding scissors and writing utensils. "]
["A little girl holding a dog on a leash.", "A person and a child standing outside holding dogs.", "A girl is smiling while holding a dog.", "a child holding a dog standing next to an adult.", "A girl holding a small dog poses for a photograph at a park."]
["a stuffed animal tied to something with a chain on the ground", "The plush toy is being suspended on the hook.", "a stuffed bear with beads in a field", "A stuffed animal hanging from a post in a field.", "The stuffed bear is suspended from a plant hook by a  long strand of gray pearls."]
["A man sitting on a couch next to a white stuffed teddy bear.", "A man sitting on a couch with his shirt over his face.", "A bald man with a red shirt pulled over his face sitting on a sofa.", "A MAN IS SITTING ON THE COUCH WITH A MAGAZINE ", "A man sitting on a love seat holding a newspaper and covering his face with the shirt he is wearing "]
["The table has a sandwich, a mug of coffee and custard cream on it.", "A warm mug and toast for a meal.", "a grilled sandwich and a coffee drink on a table", "a white plate with some toast and a cup of coffee", "a cup of coffee sits next to a panini sandwich on a counter"]
["A breakfast of croissant and coffee sits on a table.", "A table with baked goods and coffee on it", "Half a cup of coffee are next to a couple pieces of bread.", "A half-filled cup of coffee on a table with pastries and bread.", "A cup of coffee is sitting next to a pastry."]
["Some pancakes with icecream and bananas and a coffee", "An ice cream and banana crepe dessert on a plate next to a Cappucino in a restaurant.. ", "Two small dining tables with food and drink on them.", "a table filled with plates of food and cups of water and coffee", "Two small tables with banana pancakes and coffee."]
["People are sitting at a table and eating dinner. ", "A man and a woman eating food at a table.", "The people are enjoying their ethnic meal together.", "A group eats dinner at a table with red and white plates.", "a man and a woman sitting at a table eating food"]
["Two children are eating while sitting at a table.", "Two children play while eating in a restaurant.", "A boy and a girl sitting in highchairs at a table.", "Girl in high chair reaching for something while Brother watches.", "The little girl doesn't want to keep sitting in her seat."]
["A large group of women are at a dining table.", "A group of people around a table at a crowded restaurant.", "A huge crowd of people are posing for the camera. ", "A group of women hanging around a long table", "A group of people that are sitting at a table."]
["A group of people sitting around a wooden table with food.", "The nine people smile as they sit at a dinner table.", "A table full of people that are eating at a restaurant.", "Co-workers often get together after a long day at work.", "A group of people that are sitting around a table."]
["a bunch of people sit around a wooden table ", "Many people at the table are smiling for the camera. ", "A group of people are sitting together at a table.", "A group of people crowd around a table on a balcony. ", "A group of people that are sitting around a table."]
["A group of people at a party, listening to a man talk.", "Four people convesate around a table covered with wine bottles.", "Two men and two women are drinking and engaged in conversation.", "A group of people sitting at some tables.", "A man expressing something as others listen and hold wine glasses."]
["Two women wearing sunglasses enjoying a glass of alcohol.", "a couple of women that have a glass of wine", "a close up of two people with wine glasses ", "Two woman enjoy a toast with glasses of champagne.", "A couple of beautiful ladies holding champagne glasses."]
["Two female friends posing with a bottle of wine.", "Two women drinking wine and holding a bottle.", "One woman holds a bottle of wine and another woman holds a glass", "Two young women are sharing a bottle of wine.", "Two women posing for a photo with drinks in hand."]
["a man that is drinking something out of a glass", "A man poses for a picture while holding a glass", "A man in a suit is sitting with a glass of wine.", "A man is posing at a table with a wine glass. ", "a man is sitting at a table with a wine glass"]
["A person serving putting red wine to a glass", "A couple of people pouring a glass of wine.", "A person is pouring wine into a wine glass.", "Red wine is being poured into a glass.", "A lit candle is on a table where red wine is being poured into a glass."]
["Two people eating a variety of food together.", "pepole eating at a restaurannt meat and veggies", "A couple enjoying a colorful and diverse meal.", "A table full of Greek food lunch at a small cafe", "A table full of an assortment of foods and glasses."]
["a lady that is i a blue towel laying down", "A woman covering her face while sleeping on the bed", "A woman covers her head with a blanket. ", "A lady laying down with a bright blue thing on her face.", "A woman with a purple cloth over her eyes and head. "]
["A man wearing a hat riding a motorcycle.", "Old black and white image of a man on a motorcycle", "The man is posing for a picture on his motorcycle. ", "A man in a hat on a motorcycle.", "A black and white photo of a man riding his motorcycle."]
["The woman is working on her laptop while the man is on the cell phone.", "a couple of people that has hard hats on", "A man and woman standing next to each other.", "Woman with laptop near man on cell phone dressed in construction worker gear.", "Two people are standing together in bright yellow vests."]
["A person holding a black cat next to their face.", "A teenager with acne, holding up a black cat.", "A person looks at the camera while holding a black cat.", "a person is holding up a black cat", "A man with a black kitten is staring at the viewer."]
["A man thinks as he stands in front of a sign.", "A man standing in front of a board that says \"Who do you think you are?\"", "Man looking up near words Who do you think you are?", "Man in front of a sign about \"Who do you think you are?\"", "A man rolls his eyes next to a sign that says Who do you think you are?"]
["A guy posing with a guitar while making a song.", "A man by a book case has a guitar.", "a person that is playing his guitar in a room", "a man playing guitar smies into the camera", "A man posing for his photo with a guitar in front of his computer."]
["A long counter holding an assortment of coffee related items.", "The drink area of the store is clean and ready to use.", "A coffee shop is equipped with pots of coffee, paper cups and other supplies.", "A counter in a coffee house with choices of coffee and syrup flavors.", "A counter in a large room in a building."]
["a compact kitchen with stainless-steel cabinets behind glass blocks", "A very small galley style kitchen with glass blocks in the wall.", "A small kitchen with a sink and an oven.", "a kitchen with a wooden counter, sink, and oven.", "a kitchen with a sink a stove and cupboards"]
["A patch of grass with lots of bikes parked on it.", "A couple of people playing Frisbee in a park.", "Adults playing with flying disc on grassy area near bicycles.", "Bikes are lying on the ground and people are playing Frisbee.", "Several bikes laying on the grass and a person holding a frisbee."]
["A kitchen with a white stove top oven.", "A kitchen with a stove, microwave, counters, cabinets and an opened pantry", "A stove and a microwave in a kitchen.", "A newly remodeled kitchen in a new home.", "a white kitchen with a white stove and microwave"]
["A table set for a traditional Thanksgiving dinner.", "A Thanksgiving turkey with stuffing rolls and pumpkin pie sitting on a small white table.", "the table is set with many things to eat. ", "A Thanksgiving Day meal is prepped on the table.", "The table has a turkey, rolls, and a pumpkin pie on it."]
["A person flying a kite high in the sky.", "People out flying kites on a sunny day", "Three people stand on a grassy hill flying kites.", "Some people on  a hill flying a kite.", "There are people on top of a hill flying kites"]
["A man sitting on a top of a green couch.", "A mand sitting on a green couch with glasses on.", "A man that is sitting on a couch.", "An elderly man is sitting on a couch.", "this is a man sitting on a green couch"]
["a close up of a person cutting plants ", "A person cuts green leaves into smaller pieces with scissors.", "a persons hands are next to some green leaves", "Person taking green vegetables over sink and clean them. ", "There is green vegetable chopped up on a table"]
["A man and boy ride horse and stir up dust.", "One  horseback rider trailing a younger horseback rider\n\n\n\n\n\n\n", "A man in a red shirt and jeans riding on the back of a horse.", "A father and son riding horses though a field.", "a close up of a person on a horse with a child on a horse "]
["A counter filled with lots of clutter in a  kitchen.", "A kitchen sink full of clutter is seen.", "A KITCHEN AREA NEAR THE SINK AND STOVE AND OVEN ", "A kitchen sink with a flower pot, pans and utensils.", "There is a pot of flowers sitting near the sink."]
["A refrigerator that has a microwave above it in the kitchen.", "A kitchen with wood cabinets, white refrigerator, white stove and a microwave above the refrigerator.", "Microwave sitting inside a wall with a refrigerator. ", "The kitchen includes a microwave on a refrigerator.", "This is the kitchen of a smaller apartment."]
["A black and white photo of a woman standing next to a cows rear", "A woman standing in a  field next to a cow.", "A woman is standing in a fenced field near a cow. ", "A woman standing in a pasture behind a cow.", "a woman standing behind a cow in a field"]
["A  young boy standing next to a kitchen sink next to a dish rack.", "A young boy standing on a chair at the kitchen sink.", "A boy in yellow shorts on chair at kitchen sink.", "a little boy standing on a chair by the sink ", "A boy pouring some drink into a cup at a counter."]
["A toddler in his underwear stands in front of a sink.", "A toddler in underwear plays in a kitchen sink.", "A toddler standing on a chair in front of a sink.", "A boy is standing on a chair using the kitchen sink.", "a child in a kitchen on a chair at the sink"]
["A small white boat in the open water.", "Man driving a white speed boat through the ocean", "A very nice looking white boat in the water.", "Speedboat making turn on open ocean water with one passenger", "a man driving a little boat in the water "]
["Black and white photo of a boat full of rowers.", "A team of row boat racers being instructed by their captain.", "A rowing team in a boat on the water.", "A row team with a lead woman shouting.", "Coxswain motivating the crew during a sculling race"]
["A lego style kitchen with appliances and cabinets along with a checkered tile floor.", "A model of a kitchen with a sink dishwasher stove refrigerator. ", "A miniature kitchen with a large electronic device.", "A toy kitchen that has a pot on the stove.", "this is a toy that looks like a kitchen"]
["Friends having a drink together in the kitchen", "Three men and one woman stand around a green table as one man holds a silver bowl.", "The friends are standing around a kitchen table.", "A group of people gather in a kitchen with wine.", "Man holding a metal bowl at the table."]
["some kind of room with some weird things in it", "An aerial shot of a kitchen and living room model of hosue", "An overlooking view of a small house made out of legos. ", "A small room built from legos with a tiled floor.", "A colorful cute filled with furniture and flooring."]
["A cat laying on a cushion on top of a table.", "A cat on a table in a fancy basket with fringe beside a parked bicycle.", "Altered photograph of a cat sitting on a stool bench by a bicycle", "A cat sitting on top of a bed next to a  wall.", "a cat that is sitting on a pillow"]
["A bathroom with a large bathtub and sink under a large mirror.", "An empty bathroom has a tub and a sink in the background", "A bathroom is shown with a tub and mirrors.", "A bathtub in front of a large mirror.", "Well lit bathroom with a jacuzzi style bath tub and small sink. "]
["a close up of a cat laying on a bench", "a long hair cat sitting on a bench with a bicycle behind it", "A brown cat sitting on the bench next to a bicycle. ", "a car stands on a small bench in the city", "A cat sitting on a bench with a bike behind it."]
["An orange cat sitting on top of a white bench next to a bike.", "The large cat is sitting on the bench on the side of the house where the bike is parked. ", "A big orange cat sitting on a wooden bench.", "a cat sitting on a white bench next to a building", "A golden cat sitting on a bench in front of a bicycle."]
["A small black dog on a leash next to a bike.", "Dog standing next to bike while tied to the bike rack.", "A dog is chained to a bike post locked up.", "A dog with a rope attached to its neck is standing on a sidewalk next to a bicycle.", "A dog on a leash is next to a bicycle."]
["A crowded city street with lots of people walking around.", "people on a city street with buildings in the background", "A man stands outside a shop on the city street.", "A street in a down town area of an asian city.", "A narrow city street is full of shops and people."]
["A bath tub sitting next to a toilet under a window.", "A BRIGHT GREEN COLORED BATHROOM WITH BABYTUB ", "A baby bath tub is inside the regular bathtub. ", "A bathroom is painted a bright lime green.", "A lime green bathroom that is very messy"]
["Cute little cat sitting inside of a bidet", "A cat sitting inside a toilet bowl looking alert.", "there is a small kitten inside of a sink", "A brown cat crouches and arches its back in a white sink.", "A cat sitting inside a sink in a bathroom "]
["A toilet with a light blue cover next to a shower.", "a bathroom toilet with a carpteted seat cover and floor rug.", "A toilet in a bathroom with several accents upon it.", "The bathroom is decorated in blue and green.", "A bathroom is nicely decorated with calming colors."]
["two people riding bicycles next to each other in a parking lot ", "two people riding bikes in a parking lot", "Two men on bikes are riding through a parking lot.", "Two men that are sitting on bikes in the street.", "Two people in jackets and helmets ride bicycles on a city street."]
["A group of bicycles on a subway train.", "Bikes are sitting against seats in a train car.", "A couple of bikes parked inside of a train.", "Bicycles sit solidarity on a train car against the window", "A bike parked on a subway bus car."]
["Multiple vehicles on a city street near a light.", "A street with cars and traffic lights on it during day.", "Cars at intersection waiting on a red light.", "Cars in the city are stopped at a red light.", "A busy street with cars at an intersection"]
["A restroom with toilet basins and a mirror", "A lego set shows a fo bathroom setting.", "White toilets in a blue and white bathroom.", "Miniature bathroom area made from white and blue toy blocks.", "A toy bath room with a tolit and a sink. "]
["a white sink and cabinet in a home bathroom", "a sink a mirror a cabinet a heater and some bottles", "A white sink sitting next to a washing machine.", "A small well designed bathroom with a washing machine in it.", "a bathroom with various bathroom items, including a cabinet, sink, and towels, and a washing machine"]
["a bathroom with towels , lights, and a sink that is clean ", "A clean and modern looking bathroom with an unique light.", "Modern bathroom sink and mirror in a hotel", "A bathroom looks dark with a big light on.", "A modern hotel bathroom is shown in dim lighting."]
["A stop sign with a sticker that says \"worrying\" fastened to it.", "a stop sign with a sticker attached to it", "Stop sign with sarcastic comment placed underneath it", "A red stop sign sitting under lush green trees.", "A stop sign with the word 'worrying' added to it. "]
["A small grey rat floating in the bowl of a toilet.", "A mouse cruelly placed into the toilet bowl for disposal.", "A mouse sitting in side of a toilet trying to get out. ", "A small mouse swimming inside of a white toilet.", "a little mouse swimming in a white toilet "]
["A dog rides in a cart pulled by a man on a bike.", "A man on a bike pulling a cart with a dog inside.", "A dog in a basket being carried by its owner.", "A man riding a bike with a wooden trainer attached and a dog riding in it.", "A man on a bike pulling a dog in a cart."]
["A furry long haired dog standing near a car", "An adult golden retriever standing next to a car.", "A dog standing up near a car looking ahead.", "A dog standing outside next to a car.", "A large brown dog standing next to a parked car."]
["A dog  seated on a car parked near the road", "A small adorable dog riding inside of a car.", "A very cute small dog in a car wearing a vest.", "A dog is in a car and wearing a harness and leash is looking at us.", "A small dog with a leash in a vehicle."]
["A blue vehicle with a dog sitting in the driver's seat.", "A dog that is sitting in a car.", "The dog is sitting behind the driver's seat of a blue car. ", "A dog driving a blue vehicle down a street.", "A dog sits in the driver's seat of a parked car."]
["A cat sitting on a pile of books.", "A cat that is sitting on some books.", "The cat stands on top of the stack of books at the newsstand.", "A cat sits on top of a stack of magazines. ", "A cat sitting on top of a pile of books in a city."]
["A black and white clock on a street with people walking by.", "A clock on a pedestal in a parking lot with people walking with bags.", "two people walking toward a large clock with roman numeral ", "A very big pretty clock on a pole near the street.", "A black clock with Roman numerals on a street."]
["A single pillar with a clock is near approaching traffic, including a police car. ", "An outdoor clock across the street from a building.", "A clock on a sidewalk with cars passing by on a street.", "A clock stands on the sidewalk while a police car turns the intersection in front of an old looking building.", "a clock on a pole next to a city street"]
["Several different pots place on a stone floor.", "A blue tiolet sits low on the ground.", "There have been many different pieces of art created.", "Port a potty displayed in basement near maintenance belongings.", "A few containers sitting on top of a table next to a blue wall."]
["An old car sitting on top of a lush green field.", "An old brown car is parked on the grass.", "People gathering around to look at vintage cars.", "Their are men around the car talking about things", "A vintage car with surfboards fastened on top sits parked on the grass."]
["The bathroom has white and green tiles on the wall, and green tiles on the floor, along with a white porcelain toilette, and a white garden style tub with a shower hook up.", "A clean bathroom with white and green tiles.", "A tiled bathroom with a bath and shower.", "a green and white tiled bathroom a shower and a toilet", "A walk in shower next to a white toilet."]
["A person with a moped is waiting for the rain to stop.", "A woman gets ready to start her parked moped.", "A woman standing next to a motor scooter.", "Outside back of a building person is by a parked motorcycle.", "A woman next to a black moped near wet pavement."]
["A photograph of a cat and mouse on top of a dog.", "A mouse and cat sit on top of a dog.", "Small dog with both a cat and a mouse riding on its back.", "Cat and mouse riding on a dog on a busy city street.", "a close up of a dog with a cat and a mouse on its back"]
["A person near a bike and a car on a street.", "A parked motorcycle with a cat and a person leaning on top of it.", "A woman is next to a scooter and cat.", "a woman is looking at a cat on a bike", "A cat sitting on a motorcycle that is parked in a driveway."]
["Black and white photograph of a woman using a sewing machine.", "A woman sitting at a sewing machine cutting fabric.", "A woman sitting in front of a sewing machine cutting fabric.", "The older woman with the glasses is sewing the material. ", "A black and white picture of an elderly woman sitting at a sewing machine."]
["A toilet sitting on its side beside a bunch of old stuff. ", "A white busted up toilet sitting on it's side.", "Commode and computer monitor next to junk pile.", "A tipped over and broken toilet outside, surrounded by other thrown out items.", "a broken toilet is laying on the ground with other junk"]
["An orange and blue bus parked on the side of a road.", "This is the front of a mobile library. ", "The front of a bus on top of the road.", "A mobile library bus drives on the road.", "A bus that is sitting in the street near grass."]
["A cat puking into a white toilet on top of a bathroom floor.", "The black and white cat is looking into the bowl of a toilet. ", "A black and white cat standing on its back legs with its head looking into a toilet", "A black and white cat is staring into a toilet with the words \"barf\" on the picture.", "there is a cat that is drinking from a toilet "]
["A bathroom with a stained glass and stone wall and tile of different shapes, sizes, and colors decorating the floor and walls with a toilet visible.", "A bathroom has a toilet and a window made of glass bottles.", "A toilet inside a bathroom with lots of tiles and some brightly colored glass", "The bathroom tiles are eccentrically, stylishly mishapen and uneven.", "some black and white tile a toilet and a hallway"]
["a man sits on a toilet as he plays on a computer ", "A man sits on the toilet playing on a desktop computer in front of him.", "A man using the toilet while on the computer", "A young man working multi-tasks at a computer.", "Man toilet seat while playing a game on computer."]
["The cat is standing up next to the toilet.", "A cat with paws on the toilet seat intrigued", "A cat with its front paws on a toilet seat.", "A striped cat standing next to an open toilet.", "a cat that is next to a toilet"]
["A woman kisses a man as they sit on a motorcycle.", "Two women riding a motorcycle at night holding a shopping bag.", "A couple riding a motorcycle with bags in hand.", "A girl on a motorcycle holding a DSW bag and kissing a guy who is driving the bike.", "A man and woman are riding a motorcycle and the woman is carrying a DSW bag."]
["People passed out on the floor of a bathroom with urinals and a toilet.", "People passed out in a public bathroom with drinks all around them.", "A person is passed out on the floor between two urinals.  ", "Two people are sleeping on the floor of a bathroom.", "some people laying on the ground in a bath room"]
["The motorcycle has a large cargo box attached to the seat.", "A blue motorcycle with a luggage compartment parked at a driveway.", "A motorcycle is parked on a sidewalk in front of a yard.", "The motorcycle has a compartment attached on the back to hold items for the rider.", "A motorcycle with a storage compartment on back."]
["a bird on top of a cross on top of a building ", "A facade to the front on an old church.", "A bird sits on the top of a cross in an old church.", "A pigeon balances precariously at the highest point of the tower.", "A bird sitting on top of a tall metal weather vein."]
["A blue new motorcycle being shown off in a lot", "Motorcycle parked on pavement near outdoor covered area.", "Blue and silver motorcycle parked on pavement under plastic awning.", "A black and silver motorcycle parked on the pavement", "A motorcycle stands in an exhibits beneath some roofing."]
["A bathroom with a sink, toilet and safety rails.", "A toilet with the lid up and a sink in a tiled public bathroom ", "A small bathroom with a toilet and sink and handrails.", "There is a toilet and bathroom sink in the bathroom", "A toilet that has a roll of toilet paper on top of it."]
["A young boy stands next to a row of parked motorcycles.", "A boy stands next to some motorcycles while adults ride down the street behind him.", "A boy stands among a row of red mopeds.", "A kid standing next to a motor scooter with a crowd of people walking by.", "A young boy stands in the middle of a pack of motorbikes."]
["We are looking at the floor between the toilet and the wall.", "A white toilet sitting next to a toilet paper roller.", "THERE IS A TOILET IN THE BATH ROOM ", "A bathroom toilet and chrome toilet paper dispenser. ", "a white bathroom with a silver toilet paper holder and a toilet"]
["A tall church sitting next to a lush green field.", "A horse in a grassy field in front of a historic looking building with a steeple.", "A horse is on the grass by a tall building.", "BROWN HORSE OUT ON THE LAWN, IN FRONT OF A CHURCH", "horse grazing in field next to old church"]
["This bathroom looks like a very compact one.", "Closed toilet in small yellow bathroom bathed in sunlight from a window.", "A toilet siting in a bathroom next to a toilet paper roller.", "A yellow pained toilet next to trash can in the bathroom. ", "A toilet is shown with a basket and toilet paper."]
["a bowl with some noodles inside of it ", "A bowl filled with pasta, vegetables, and a utensil.", "A pasta salad and a fork in a bowl. ", "Waffle-textured red linen holds a white plant with a dish, featuring tri-colored spiral pasta, and broccoli. ", "A bowl full of multi colored pasta and brocolli"]
["A stoic looking cat sits in a green bowl.", "A black and white cat sitting in a green bowl.", "A cat laying on a bowl on a table in front of a fish tank.", "A black and white cat curls up in a large mixing bowl.", "A cat resting inside a bowl next to different household items. "]
["Toilet in a bathroom in an international location with a basket.", "A clean odd little bathroom with a white porcelain toilet.", "a small little toilet that is in a corner", "A white toilet sitting in the corner of a room.", "A small toilet lies in a narrow lavatory."]
["A motorcycle parked in front of a graffiti covered building.", "The sport motorcycle sits in front of the graffiti filled wall.", "Motorcycle parked in front of a building with graffiti on it. ", "A motorcycle parked outside a building with graffiti. ", "a motorcycle parked next to a building with graffiti "]
["A car, a moped, and a bike rider are stopped at an intersection.", "One man is riding a bike while another rides a motorcycle while some people are gathering around  to talk.", "A cyclist, a car, and a man on a scooter wait at an intersection. ", "an intersection with a red light where a bicyclist, scooter, and car wait.", "A group of drivers and bikers waiting at a stoplight."]
["a man in a blue shirt riding a blue motorcycle and some people", "A man seated on a blue motorcycle in the middle of the street.", "A picture of an guy on a motorcycle.", "A man riding a blue motorcycle on the road.", "People staring at a man on a fancy motorcycle."]
["A man on a motorcycle waits at the traffic light", "The man waits at the traffic light on a large motorcycle.", "A man with a backpack on a motorcycle.", "a man that is sitting on a motorcycyle", "a young man riding on a motorcycle wearing dark sunglasses and a black messenger bag."]
["A motorcycle parked on a lush green field.", "a close up of a motorcycle parked on a field", "A motorcycle parked on the grass with people in back.", "A motorcycle being used as a display at an outdoor event.", "people standing around by some old motorcycles "]
["A person sitting on a motor bike on a street.", "Motorcycle police officer riding through the city  ", "a man with a helmet riding on a motorcycle", "A police motorcyclist in motion on the road.", "A cop on a motorcycle speeds down the street."]
["Person lying on brown leather couch in sparsely fille room.", "The woman is laying down sleeping on the couch. ", "A woman lying down on a couch with newspapers near her feet.", "a person laying down on a brown coach", "A girl asleep on a couch in a wood paneled room"]
["A white dish with a tomato based casserole", "A serving of prepared food sits on a modern plate.", "a square white plate with some colorful food in it", "a close up of a white plate of food on a table", "A picture of a plate of food that looks to be a soup."]
["A bowl of prepared food including rice, meat and broccoli.", "Plate of food with rice, meat and vegetables.", "A plate of food with rice, meat and vegetables.", "A seafood dish served over a bowl of white rice", "a bowl of rice with carrots and broccoli"]
["A microwave with a bowl of food inside it.", "A picture of microwave with a glass dish full of rice and mushrooms. ", "A microwave with a glass dish full of rice and mushroom food.", "Glass cooking dish with food inside a microwave oven.", "A microwave has a dish of food covered inside it. ", "The dish of rice and mushrooms is inside of a microwave."]
["A messy home office space with no one working.", "A multiple shelf computer desk with two monitors.", "Two monitors sitting on a desk by a chair and a window.", "A desk with two computer monitors and a keyboard.", "A desk with two computer monitors, keyboard and mouse."]
["All of the bunches of bananas are yellow and ripe.", "A table filled with bunches on yellow and green bananas.", "There are bunches of bananas grouped together with stickers on each.", "Several bunches of bananas with a white vignette and border.", "A framed picture of a bunch of bananas."]
["A large clock mounted to the face of a buildings entrance.", "a clock in the wall of a building above a doorway", "An old clock above a door in an archway.", "a clock in the wall above a big window", "A rusted old clock is inset over a set of exterior doors.  "]
["a glass building with a plane coming out of it ", "A building with an airplane sitting in the middle of it.", "A building with a plane sticking out the front", "The restaurant is made from an old airplane.", "An airplane cockpit is sticking out of the front of a building."]
["A man sits on top of a motorbike.", "A man riding on his motorcycle down the road. ", "A man is sitting on his motorcycle. ", "A man driving a motorcycle in a parking lot.", "A man sits on a motorcycle in a parking lot. "]
["Artistic black and white photo of man on a motorcycle.", "A man sits on his motorcycle beside a leafless tree.", "A black and white photo of a man on a motorcycle", "Black and white photograph of a man on a motorcycle.", "A young man sits y a tree on a motorcycle."]
["A person on a motorcycle passing a mountain on a road.", "a fast bike driven on curb next to a mountain", "A motorcycle taking a sharp turn around a mountain corner.", "a man is riding a red motorcycle on the street", "some motorcycle riders on a road and some trees"]
["A cat laying on a rug next to a sliding glass door.", "The cat is laying down on the floor by the glass doors. ", "a table rug black and brown cat television and cabinet", "A room with a cat on the carpet and books", "A cat is look out the window through blinds. "]
["A man in an ATV is moving the cows along.", "A man is riding a tractor following some cows.", "A man herds cows down a road. ", "A person driving a 4 wheeler after a herd of cows.", "A man wrangling some cows with a four wheeler."]
["A train with it's doors open sitting next to a platform.", "A subway car is stopped with its door open.", "Blue and black subway train at a stop.", "Looking in the door of a commuter train from the platform", "A large long train on a steel track."]
["A dog wearing a protective cone around it's head watching TV.", "A dog has a plastic protector around his neck.", "A dog wearing a protective head piece looking at a TV.", "A dog with a clear cone on its head is watching television.", "The dog with a flee collar watches television."]
["A couple of doctors sitting in front of a sound board.", "A group of doctors sitting in a room.", "people in scrubs sit in front of large equipment in a hallway", "A group of medical personal looking and listening to equipment.", "several hospital staff watching monitors with soundboard and headphones"]
["A large passenger jet sitting on top of a runway.", "There are many people climbing the stairs into the airplane.", "The people are getting off of the plane.", "A line of people line up stairs toward an airplane.", "People line up with their luggage to board the small jet."]
["a blue yellow and white jet parked and some grass", "Small jet sits on tarmac of airport on sunny day.", "A small white passenger jet parked on a runway.", "a white private jet blue stripes sitting in a air field ", "A jet is sitting on the tarmac with blue sky's around "]
["A group of people boarding a passenger jet up stairs.", "The passengers are going up the step in to the plane.", "Several people climbing a mobile staircase to board an airplane.", "People are outside starting to board an airplane.", "A group of people walking up steps into an airplane."]
["A airplane in the overcast gray sky over tarmac ", "A large jumbo jet is ascending from an airport runway.", "A black and white photo of a plane above a runway.", "A large jet liner flying through a cloudy sky.", "airplane taking off from airport on cloudy day"]
["A commercial airplane either landing or preparing for take off.", "A jet sits on the runway at an airport.", "A Singapore Airlines jetliner sits on a runway with baggage carts nearby.", "An airplane sitting on the runway on a cloudy day", "A Singapore Airliner is parked on the tarmac."]
["A formation of birds in a sky at sunset.", "A airplane followed by birds flying in \"v-formation.\"", "AIRPLANE IN THE SKY WITH A FOLLOWING OF GEESE BEHIND", "A flock of birds below an airplane in the sunset", "A plane flying in the sky, as birds fly behind it."]
["A statue sitting on top of an old stone hill.", "A statue of a man riding a horse on top of a brick wall.", "Statute of a horse and rider on top of a block wall. ", "A statue of a man riding a horse on a tower of rocks.", "A statue of a man sitting on a horse is siting on top of a rock."]
["An airplane flying in the sky above a mountain.", "A landscape of some mountains with a plane flying above them.", "some tree and mountains and a white airplane ", "An airplane can be seen flying over a mountain.", "A small plane flying high above a mountain on a clear day."]
["A airplane mirror where clouds can be seen.", "The view taken from the window seat of an airplane.", "The view of clouds from an airplane window.", "View of clouds and the edge of a wing, from the interior of an airplane.", "A view of the sky and clouds through an airplane window."]
["A window shot of a plane in the air with another plane present. ", "A window view form a plane of its wing and clouds.", "A wing outside of an airplane window high above clouds.", "A window of the view of the clouds in the sky .", "Plane window with plane wing and dense clouds"]
["A group of scattered sheep move down a country path.", "A couple of sheep on top of trail near a pasture.", "A group of sheep grazing in a large open field.", "this is some animals sitting in the dirt", "Some sheep in the middle of a field with some trees in it."]
["a couple of people in uniforms are sitting together", "A group of people are sitting in a chair and one person is wearing a watch and another one is bitting his nails.", "A group of people who are sitting together.", "A group of young people sitting around each other.", "A group of athletes sitting in chairs looking disappointed."]
["Benches line the sidewalk of a city park in autumn.", "A park is full of patrons on a fall day.", "Many people walking in a park in autumn.", "A central park area with benches and trees in the middle of a city.", "Leaves are falling from trees in a park type setting."]
["A small jet plane getting ready to be fueled at the airport.", "A small jet sitting on top of an airport tarmac.", "two planes at the airport and a man between them", "An airplane is preparing to get gas so it can fly.", "A private jet on the tarmac being refueled."]
["A tall giraffe studding next to a  parked truck.", "a giraffe looking at a safari truck driving past", "A giraffe is standing alongside the road staring at an oncoming vehicle.", "A giraffe in a grassy area next to a jeep. ", "a giraffe standing next to a tour jeep"]
["A red car driving down a mountain road next to a herd of sheep.", "The car is driving down the road and the sheep is in the road", "a car parked in the road waiting for sheep to cross", "Cars stopped on a road blocked by a herd of sheep.", "Car driving down a road behind a lot of sheep."]
["An older person sitting on a wooden bench.", "A man and a dog sit in the park.", "A man sitting on a park bench reading while a dog lays on the ground in front of him.", "A man reading a book in the park", "Elderly man with dog enjoying quiet time on park bench reading."]
["A black and white image of a plane flying over treetops.", "A cloud covered mountain sitting above a forest.", "A plane that is flying in the air.", "A plane flies lowly over a tree covered hill in the fog. ", "a black and white photo of a flying airplane"]
["there's and airplane in the sky flying over some trees", "a large plane is flying over a crowd of trees", "A aeroplane soaring high in the sky above the trees.", "A passenger plane flies in the sky over a forest. ", "An airplane is seen flying over several trees."]
["There are a lot of trees and plants beside the house.", "A small building surrounded by a fence with yard furniture and houseplants.", "a garden with a green chair and tables in it", "Lawn chairs and table in a backyard garden.", "A flagstone patio with potted plants and metal lawn furniture."]
["Two red benches sitting in front of windows.", "A red bench next to a set of windows inside a building.", "a couple of red benches are by the windows", "A pair of red and white benches on a stone floor.", "Two red benches in a room with windows in it."]
["a black and white photo of a long bench for sitting near a building", "A long bench on the side of the building.", "A bench is shown on a sidewalk by a building.", "This is a black and white picture of a chester bench", "A black-and-white photo of a large bench on the sidewalk."]
["A herd of sheep walking on a cluster of dry grass.", "AS herd of wooly sheep by a  fence", "Rams standing on straw in a pasture looking around.", "Sheep huddle together in a pile of hay next to a fence.", "The herd of sheep stand close to a wooden fence."]
["Lots of sheep graze on a grass field.", "A herd of sheep that are grazing on some grass.", "A group of sheep on a grass field.", "A herd of sheep standing on top of a lush green field.", "A group of sheep graze in a lush grass field."]
["A plane parked on the runway in the distance", "the sun is shining brightly on the plane in the distance", "A commercial plane on a runway just underneath the bright sun.", "The sun shines brightly as an airliner drives down a runway.", "Airplane on the runway with the sun reflecting down."]
["a plane on an air port run way", "A small airliner proceeds down the runway on takeoff.", "A commercial Jet is on the runway of an airfield.", "A large airplane is taking off on the runway. ", "A plane taxis down the runway for takeoff."]
["a giraffe is standing by a tree line", "A large giraffe standing next to a forest.", "An adult giraffe is staring at the camera.", "A close up view of a giraffe's face.", "A giraffe that is standing near the trees."]
["A large jetliner flying over a small farm near a forest.", "An airplane flying low over a rural area.", "A commercial jet flying low over a residential house", "An airplane is descending in the air to land.", "A low flying commercial plane descends over some homes."]
["A black and white cat laying on top of a bench.", "A cat sits on a wooden park bench.", "A black and white cat sitting on a park bench.", "A black and white cat sits on a park bench", "A black and white colored cat on top of a wooden bench."]
["A city street filled with lots of traffic.", "A view of a busy city scene through the tree tops.", "There is a picture of an outside town.\n", "The view of a city and a tower with a clock.", "A view of a city with many old cathedrals."]
["A red stop light across from a brick building", "A stop light that is sitting in front of a house.", "A stop light on a street in front of a red brick building and a tall green building.", "the light is on read and the house behind the light is also red. ", "View of copper-blue round building in an old city district."]
["Two men are sitting on a wooden crate with a cow next to them.", "a couple of guys that are sitting on a bench", "Two men read off a paper next to a cow", "Two men are sitting on a wooden crate near a cow.", "A black and white photo of two men with a cow"]
["A man sitting on green bench on top of a stone walkway.", "An old man sits on a bench covered in graffiti.", "Man with cowboy hat and cane sitting on park bench.", "A solo man with a hat and cane sitting on a graffiti filled bench on a cobbled path.", "Man with white hat and cane sitting on green bench."]
["Many potted plants sit on the side of a road with a no parking sign.", "A couple of white umbrellas on a city street.", "A sign with plants and shade umbrellas sitting on the side of the road. ", "People are sitting at tables on the sidewalk near potted plants.", "A curbside parklet with tables, potted plants, and umbrellas."]
["A woman sitting on a bench next to a child in a stroller.", "A woman wearing a large black hat interacts with a little girl as she played with her stroller, which also has an umbrella over it. ", "Women sitting on a white bench in the park while a baby is playing with the red stroller.", "A WOMAN IS SITTING ON A BENCH WITH A CHILD", "a person sitting on a bench near a child playing"]
["A traffic light is lit up red near a street light.", "A stop light that indicates a red light.", "An unusual street light with its red light shining. ", "a street light and a white pole against a blue background", "Red traffic light in sky over a road way."]
["This intersection has more pedestrians than vehicles near it.", "a number of people on a city street near a traffic light ", "a couple of people that is walking around", "Many people walking on the side walks in a city", "A group of people standing next to a traffic signal."]
["A picture of two stop lights that are red at a busy intersection. ", "Two signal lights displaying the 'red' stop light. ", "Two red lights hanging from poles near a building", "Two traffic lights showing the stop signal in front of buildings and trees.", "Two traffic lights displaying red in front of an office building."]
["A bus arrives to the bus stop at two twenty p.m. ", "A man is waiting for a bus at a bus stop.", "A bus sits at a bus terminal in the early afternoon.", "A bus is driving away from a bus stop.", "A large bus driving down a open street"]
["A man sitting on a bench reading in a city.", "Black and white photo of a man sitting on a bench.", "a man sitting on a bench reading a book", "A man sitting on a bench near a busy street.", "A man sitting on a bench in a busy city."]
["There is a blue and yellow transit bus stopped to pick up passengers.", "THERE IS A CITY BUS THAT IS PARKED ON THE STREET ", "A city bus dropping off and picking up passengers at a bus stop.", "A trolly bus is sitting in front of a bus stop as a man and women walk by.", "A bus parked on the side of the road letting passengers on. "]
["A zoo keeper on a scale holding a giraffe with a \"me gusta face\" ", "The man is carrying a young giraffe in his arms.", "A photo of a man holding a giraffe to find out how much it weighs.", "Someone put a face over a baby giraffe that a man is trying to weigh.", "A man lifts a giraffe, which seems to have been altered"]
["A couple of people sitting on top of a wooden bench.", "A couple sitting on a bench by a tree in front of a building.", "A man and woman sitting on a park bench under a huge tree", "There are a man and woman sitting on a bench under a tree", "Two people sitting on a bench by a tree outside a building."]
["A zebra grazes on trees as deer graze on grass in the background.", "A giraffe and some antelopes in an open field. ", "A giraffe looks at a tree for leaves. ", "A giraffe walking in a grassy plains area with other wildlife", "A giraffe standing in a grassy field near other animals."]
["A lush green hillside covered in cows grazing.", "Four sheep are grazing on a green hillside.", "Sheep grazing on a green hillside in the grass with trees and small hills in the distance.", "Sheep are grazing on a grassy hill side.", "Four sheep graze in a hilly field while the sky above them is blue with wispy clouds."]
["A giraffe walking through the forest in the wild. ", "A giraffe is walking in the open grass land", "There is a giraffe walking through some trees", "A giraffe walks on the grass through some trees. ", "A giraffe grazing a field with trees on a hill."]
["Two giraffes that are standing in the grass.", "Two giraffes standing next to each other in front of some trees.", "A couple of giraffes are standing in a field", "Two giraffes are standing together in the wild. ", "Two giraffes standing in a desert type area"]
["A cute fuzzy sheep standing in a very big field.", "A sheep in the dirt with a green hill behind.", "A sheep on dirt road next to grassy hill and trees.", "A sheep is standing looking towards the camera.", "random goat standing in the outside looking around."]
["A giraffe that is standing in the grass.", "A single giraffe standing in a grass field.", "A giraffe taking a bite of some leaves from a tree.", "A giraffe standing near a tree branch in the grass near a grove of trees.", "A giraffe eating leaves out of a tall tree."]
["An adult giraffe grazing on tree leaves in a grassy field.", "A giraffe standing by the shadow of tall trees.", "A zebra eats leaves from the top of a tree.", "A giraffe reaching to eat leaves from a tall tree.", "A giraffe stands in the grass in front of tall trees."]
["A bench sitting in a park next to a tree.", "a metal bench is outside by some trees", "A bench near a tree in a field.", "A black colored park bench next to fallen leaves and large trees that are bare.", "A park bench under a tree next to a paved path covered in autumn leaves."]
["A city traffic light is red with a large billow of smoke in the background.", "a street post with lights while clouds go by", "A traffic light sitting under a blue cloud filled sky.", "some clouds a traffic light and some buildings", "Traffic lights and a thick cloud in the sky."]
["The two traffic lights are placed on a pole on the road.", "There are two traffic signals on a metal pole, each with three light signals on them.", "Two traffic lights signal red on the same pole. ", "A traffic light sits on top of another traffice light.", "Two stop lights are hung for alerting distant drivers."]
["A small herd of sheep walking along a grass covered field.", "Two sheep and one pig in a field like area", "Two ship are walking straight on the ground.", "The sheep stand far away from one another.", "There is a sheep standing on a dirt mound"]
["A parking lot filled with parked cars in a shopping center..", "a parking lot with many cars with a sky in the background", "Cars in a parking lot of a shopping center", "A parking lot and treed areas in the lot and a stake with a flag.", "Cars are parked in a lot in front of a large building. "]
["A lady walks a child towards a bus parked in a harbor.", "An old bus sits at a run down port area.", "A bus stops at a rural dock at a village.", "A red bus parked in a storage lot next to a lake.", "A colorful bus sits in a small fishing village. "]
["An enclose in a building with a giraffe in the background.", "Giraffe stands near a door inside an enclosed fenced area", "A giraffe is caged inside a building at a zoo.", "A giraffe in an indoor cage,standing against the back wall.\n", "A giraffe  is indoors behind a tall gate"]
["Close up from behind of a young giraffe standing with front legs splayed and head the ground by a fence outside.", "In order for a giraffe to bend down they have to spread out their front legs", "A giraffe bending over in an enclosed area,", "A giraffe with its legs spread with its neck and head down to the ground eating grass.", "The giraffe has to move its front feet apart in order to reach the ground with its mouth."]
["A couple of giraffe standing next to each other.", "A pair of giraffes stand next to rocks on the grass.", "two giraffes out in a field walking around the grass", "Two giraffes are wandering around an area with trees and rocks.", "Two giraffes standing in an enclosure with green grass and rocks."]
["Two tall giraffe standing next to each other on a  field.", "Two giraffes standing in a field together in front of rocks and trees. ", "Two giraffes stand near each other in an enclosure.", "Two giraffes interacting with each other in the grass.", "Two giraffes standing very close to each other ."]
["The three giraffe stand next to a pile of logs.", "Giraffes are gathered around a pile of logs.", "an image of a group of giraffes in the zoo", "There are three giraffes standing together under some trees", "Three giraffes stand near a pile of tree trunks. "]
["A family of giraffes standing next to a pile of logs.", "A family of giraffes browse around a pile of logs.", "Three giraffes standing by a large pile of wood. ", "Three giraffes gathered around a bunch of tree logs.", "Three giraffes in a zoo or park setting investigating each other."]
["Sheared sheep on roadway taken from vehicle, with green hillside in background.", "A flock of freshly sheered sheep in the road.", "A herd of sheep with green markings walking down the road", "A herd of sheep walking down a street next to a lush green grass covered hillside.", "some sheep walking in the middle of a road "]
["A white and black truck turning onto a street.", "Two vehicles are stopped at a traffic light that is red.", "a white truck that is stopped at a red light", "A view of a street light with a truck under it.", "The truck and the van are driving through a street intersection."]
["A person standing on top of a yellow fire hydrant.", "Someone is sneakers is standing on the fire hydrant.", "Person in jeans and sneakers standing on yellow fire hydrant.", "Someone stands on a fire hydrant, only their shoes and pants visible.", "A person is standing on top of a yellow fire hydrant."]
["A gray fire hydrant sitting in the middle of a field.", "A fire hydrant stands on the grass in front of a building.", "A grey fire hydrant placed in the grass in front of a house.", "A fading chipped fire hydrant is shown in the dying grass.", "An old and weathered fire hydrant stands in front of a large house. "]
["A young couple has just gotten married. ", "A man and a woman sitting on a bench under a tree in formal dress clothes.", "A married couple sits in a bench under a tree.", "A man and a woman sitting on a park bench.", "A couple poses for a photo under a large tree."]
["A couple of people who are standing in the street.", "A couple people standing by a hydrant that someone turned on.", "A couple crossing the street in the daytime. ", "a couple of people cross a city street ", "two people are walking past a fire hydrant spraying water"]
["A busted red fire hydrant spewing water all over a street creating a rainbow.", "Water is spraying out of the fire hydrant.", "Water spraying outside from a fire hydrant causing rainbow.", "A fire hydrant is spraying water and creating a rainbow.", "A fire hydrant bursting with water reflecting a rainbow."]
["The rams are sitting on the rocks and boulders. ", "A group of animals laying in the grass.", "a couple of deers sanding on a rocky terrain ", "Goats sitting and standing in a rocky field", "A group of sheep stand in the grass by a rock cliff."]
["A fire hydrant on the side of the road.", "A fire hydrant stands in front of a parking sign.", "A parking sign and a fire hydrant. ", "a big long sidewalk that has a green and yellow fire hydration ", "A fire hydrant is on the side of the street"]
["some little goats and sheep standing next to a larger goat ", "A variety of sheep huddled together in a fenced in area. ", "There is a cow and other assorted animals in a pen.  ", "A herd of sheep standing around each other.", "Livestock in a pen as part of a petting zoo."]
["A small flock of grazing sheep in a very large grassland.", "A flock of sheep standing in a grassy field looking at the camera.", "A herd of sheep in a field in an rural area", "a flock of woolly sheep stand in the shade of a tree", "A herd of sheep in an open field"]
["A ram standing still in an empty pasture.", "A sheep with horns in a grassy green field", "White ram standing in the middle of a bright green field. ", "A long horn sheep walking across a lush green field.", "A long horn sheep with heavy wool on a grassy field."]
["A man and a woman dressed up by a park bench.", "A man standing next to a woman behind a brown park bench.", "People dressed up with hats are by a bench.", "A woman dressed up and a man dressed up walking in a grassy area.", "A woman carrying an orange basket with a man nearby."]
["A man by a park bench is taking off his pants.", "A man taking off his pants beside a park bench ", "A man wearing a tie with half his pants off.", "a man is taking off his pants near a bench", "A man taking off his pants in front of a park bench."]
["A lady in pink sitting on a bench next to a man standing in a beige suit.", "Standing man talking to woman sitting on a park bench.", "A nicely dressed couple sitting around a park bench.", "A woman sitting on a bench next to a man wearing a hat.", "Woman sitting on a bench with man standing next to her while group watches"]
["A street filled with red buses next to tall buildings.", "tour buses are parked outside some buildings on a street", "Several red buses parked outside a stone building. ", "Three different red buses all parked on the side of the street .", "Three red buses are parked on opposite sides of the road."]
["A red fire hydrant sitting in a lush green field.", "A red pole on the ground has two faucets on it.", "a red fire hydrant with two nozzles on it ", "A fire hydrant on the side of the street.", "A dual fire hydrant in a lot by parked cars"]
["A man sitting on a bench with a book and a bag. ", "A man sits on a green bench reading a book.", "The man is sitting on the bench by himself.", "there is a man sitting on a bench reading", "a person sitting on a bench near many trees "]
["two public transit buses on a city street", "A red bus driving in front of a white bus.", "colorful buses on a busy city street at dark.", "a red bus is in front of another one", "Many buses drive down a street in a single file line"]
["The giraffe is resting while waiting for food to be served.", "A giraffe in a grassy enclosure lying down in the sun.", "A giraffe laying in grassy field with tree and fence in background.", "A giraffe lays on the grass while behind it is a fallen tree.", "A giraffe laying down on grass in a fenced in area"]
["a large giraffe following her kid into a room", "A few giraffes standing in a zoo enclosure", "a number of giraffes near one another ", "A group of giraffes that are standing in the dirt.", "a couple of giraffes that are outside a brick building"]
["A herd of sheep grazing on a lush green filed.", "Three sheep grazing in the green grass in a fenced enclosure.", "Three sheep are eating some grass in their respected areas. ", "three sheep standing together eating some grass ", "Sheep grazing on green grass in their enclosure."]
["A fire hydrant that is in the grass.", "A fire hydrant near some cars in a lot.", "a fire hydrant sits in grass next to a steet", "a couple of cars that are parked next to a sidewalk", "A fire hydrant in the grass near parked cars. "]
["A modern transportation building with busses lined up for passengers.", "A bus station with buses and people nearby. ", "Buses parked at a bus stop while unloading passengers.", "A bus depot with buses parked in front. ", "some people buildings and three different buses and a tree"]
["A giraffe sitting in the middle of a field.", "A giraffe lays down on the grass as a bird stands in the background.", "A zebra sitting on the grass raises it's head.", "A giraffe laying down on the ground in a field.", "The giraffe is laying down on the grass."]
["A cat on land staring at a swan in the water.  ", "A cat standing on a bank near a swan in the water.", "a duck that is floating in some water", "Small gray and white cat looking at a March white Swan. ", "A cat in bushes observing a swan in a pond."]
["A fire hydrant next to a bush at a park.", "A parking meter on the side of a wooded street.", "A fire hydrant on a neighborhood street with trees and shrubs around it.", "A street corner with a blue fire hydrant.", "A scenic view of a wooded area with parking meter"]
["Several sheep are in a grassy field with trees.", "A herd of sheep grazing in an open pasture.", "An open field that has a lot of animals.", "a vast field full of weeds and dead grass", "a bunch of animals graze on some grass "]
["A white bus parked next to a lush green park.", "A Disney bus passes underneath the green monorail ", "A Disney bus driving across the concrete and making a turn.", "A bus pulls out as the monorail goes by overhead.", "there is a white disney bus that passed under the train tracks"]
["a street sign on a city street near some tall bushes", "street signs on a metal pole lining a sidewalk lined with shrubbery.", "a large hedge of bushes on a corner near a street sign.", "Two street signs on sidewalk next to bushes and trees.", "Street signs along a well manicured street with large houses."]
["People putting luggage onto a bus outside beside a building", "A bus being loaded with bags of luggage parked in front of a building.", "some people taking the luggage out of a big colorful bus ", "A VERY BIG TRAVEL BUS WITH PASSENGERS  WAITING ON THEIR LUGGAGE.", "A number of travelers surrounding a colorful passenger bus."]
["A personal pizza decorated to look like an angry bird.", "A pizza that is decorated to look like an angry bird.", "The pizza has a face made on it.", "a pizza that has a face made into it", "A pizza is covered with toppings to resemble an angry bird."]
["a fake sheep on green grass and flowers in the background", "A furry grey animal standing next to a table with a chair.", "A sheep standing in a garden like area.", "A sheep standing in a garden next to a table and chair. ", "A very furry fake stuffed sheep standing by some flowers.", "A sheep standing near a table and chair decorated with flowers."]
["A dinner party draped in sheer drapes and adorned with stuffed farm animals.", "A display of various floral arrangements at a wedding.", "A rooster Is placed outside,near a dining table.", "A decorated garden with a sheep standing in it.", "A chicken and sheep with decorated chairs and tables."]
["a street image with parked vehicles along side the curb ", "A long shot view of a street with many buildings.", "a streets intersection with some street signs and street lights and cars", "A public street with buildings on each side.", "An inner city neighborhood under a dark sky."]
["The traffic in this city is busy this time of day. ", "A van with words on it is driving down the street", "The front of a bus on a city street with buildings and pedestrians around.", "A large group of people in a very colorful van", "A van with many people is driving down the street."]
["Woman pushing a stroller into a blue building.", "A woman with a stroller walks on the road.", "A shopping area with a woman crossing the street with a stroller.", "A woman pushing a stroller and others walking outside near buildings. ", "A woman is walking across a city street with her child in a stroller."]
["a street sign on the corner with buildings in the background", "a large empty intersection with a florist shop displaying its flowers", "An empty intersection with a florists shop on one corner.", "A florist shop and other buildings on and near a street corner.", "View of a street corner in a city with a florist shop featured."]
["A chick inside of an oven covered in herbs and seasoning.", "a close up of a chicken cooking in an oven", "A whole chicken in roasting in an oven. ", "A whole chicken roasting with a thermometer stick in it.", "A chicken has a meat thermometer in it."]
["some fake birds are standing on top of a clock", "A couple of birds sitting on top of a large clock.", "two bird statutes sit on a clock with a brick tower", "Two birds sitting on top of a large clock.", "a very big clock on the top of a building"]
["Group of people crossing the street behind trolly.", "A black and white photo of a bunch of people walking along a busy street.", "A multitude of people cross the street in front of streetcar.", "crown of people crossing a street in front of a trolly car in the 50's", "A large crowd standing around a bus station"]
["A herd of sheep grazing on a lush green hillside.", "Oxen grazing on grass in an open valley.", "A dog and some sheep in a field", "Cows and brown lambs grassing in a green field.", "A herd of sheep grazes peacefully on a green hillside."]
["A woman standing next to statues of giraffes.", "A woman posing in front of giraffe statues.", "A woman stands hugging the leg of a giraffe sculpture. ", "The woman poses by the leg of a tall giraffe sculpture.", "A woman standing beside a statue of a zebra in front of a building."]
["two giraffe heads standing close to each other", "A close up view of two heads of two giraffes.", "a close up of two giraffes near one another ", "Two giraffes that are standing near each other.", "The giraffes skin is like a patchwork quilt. "]
["In a grassy field stand 2 giraffes and 2 llamas.", "Two giraffes on a grassy field during the day.", "The two giraffes are standing next to each other in the field. ", "Some brown and white giraffes standing on grass.", "A couple of giraffe standing in a grass field."]
["A bird is perched on a rock in the sea water.", "A sea bird perched on a rock by the water", "A black and white perched on a rock ", "A black and white bird sits on a perch.", "A bird is posted on a rock by a lake."]
["A city with tall buildings filled with tall buildings.", "A cobblestone city street lined with buildings on a sunny day", "A large city has a cobblestone intersection downtown", "A lot of people walking in a large city.", "An open square with people walking, several restaurants and buildings. "]
["A red light house on pier next to water.", "A watch tower stands as the ocean laps the concrete ground.", "A red lighthouse on the shore of the sea.", "a tall red light house by the water and a walkway", "a close up of a light tower near a body of water"]
["A man holding a turkey that he murdered.", "An old man is holding huge turkey upside down. ", "A man in camouflage holds up a large dead turkey.", "A man smiles while holding a large turkey.", "A man in a hunting outfit holding a turkey."]
["A shirtless man in a hat making luch", "Man wearing a white hat standing by a table with a table in his hand.", "A man wearing a woman's sun hat standing in a kitchen.", "The guy is dressed up in his girlfriends hat.", "A man standing in a kitchen without wearing a shirt."]
["A hummingbird sitting on a plant preparing to flap its wings.", "A small bird sitting on top of a wire next to green grass.", "A small bird is perching on a wire.", "A hummingbird flapping its wings while sitting on a branch.", "A humming bird perched on a branch. "]
["A yellow and black caution sign sitting on the side of a wall.", "A yellow caution sign is posted on a grey wall.", "This is a caution sign to watch for moving vehicles.", "a caution sign that is on a grey wall", "A yellow sign against a gray backdrop warns of a moving vehicle."]
["Two little birds with white chests sit on barbed wire.", "Two birds are standing on a wire above flowers.", "there are two small birds sitting on a thin wire", "Two small birds sitting on a strip of barbed wire. ", "The two small birds are perched on the wire. "]
["this is a close up picture of a roosters neck", "The neck and chest area of a rooster.", "Brown animal sticking its face into the inside of a red rose. ", "A brown and red hen with feathers on grass", "A closeup neck of a rooster with orange feathers.  "]
["Passengers departing a train at a busy train station", "A busy train station has passengers getting on and off the trains.", "A crown of people are departing a metro train.", "A train traveling past a crowd of people near a platform.", "a yellow bus is coming down the tracks"]
["The large bird has a red face and black feathers.", "A closeup image of a black rooster with a blurry background.", "A very cute black chicken in the grass.", "This is the head and front view of a rooster.", "A close up picture of a black chicken."]
["Black and white photo of a trolley car.", "An old black and white photo of an electric train.", "A train goes along the tracks by poles.", "train rides down the traces in black and white", "A dark colored street car trollet near a wooden telephone pole."]
["A blue bird sitting on top of a tree in a forest.", "A blue bird sitting on the top of a plant.", "A blue bird sitting on top of a weed.", "A small blue bird perched on a green plant.", "a blue bird is perching on a thin upright branch."]
["A black cat wearing a black beanie while laying on a red couch..", "a cat wearing a hat sitting on a soffa", "A cat laying on a pink couch with a large brown hat on ", "A black cat is laying on a pink bed wearing a black beanie hat.", "A black cat with a beanie on it's head."]
["a cat laying down on top of a cardboard box", "a large cat resting on a cardboard box next to a mirror on the wall", "A brown and white cat laying beside a mirror.", "Cat lying on cardboard box in front of mirror.", "A cat is sitting on a cardboard box next to a mirror."]
["A shopping center with parking lot along a busy street.", "Safeway has sprung for a roadside clock in front of their plaza.", "a bunch of traffic passes by a shopping center ", "The clock tower actually has a open air bottom.", "A small clock tower from across the very busy street. "]
["Two men smiling while they are in a car with a dog.", "Two men in a vehicle with a big yellow dog.", "Two men smile and pose with a dog in a car", "Two men and a dog are riding in a car.", "Two men holding a brown and white dog in a van."]
["This is a view inside the cabin of the high speed train, showing relection of the light.", "A subway zooming by the camera with people with view of a man sitting inside.", "Seated people visible through the window of a passing vehicle.", "A train window with red seats on the inside.", "a close up of a public transit train with a view of the inside"]
["A sheep lying on a hill side next to a tree.", "A sheep lying underneath a small blooming tree.", "A lamb relaxes on a picturesque hillside, next to a tree.", "A white sheep on a hill next to a tree.", "A sheep that is laying down on some grass."]
["A large passenger train sitting on railroad tracks.", "A train engine carrying many carts down a track.", "A silver train riding on a track during sunset time. ", "a close up of a train on a track ", "Low view of small passenger train moving through the countryside."]
["A herd of animals eating food inside of a pen.", "a number of sheep eating food near one another ", "Three people standing around a small enclosure of sheep and goats.", "a group of sheep eating and drinking inside a gate ", "A pen of sheep has attracted some visitors."]
["a black and yellow trains engine pulling its cars", "Train on a track driving through a grassy field.", "A train rides down tracks that are surrounded by grass.", "A train coming down the tracks out in the open ", "A train traveling through a rural country side."]
["Two sheep standing next to each other in a field.", "A sheep sniffing another sheep in a field of grass.", "White face and black face sheep standing on grass.", "Two sheep are standing on some short grass.", "a couple of sheep standing on some grass "]
["A red and silver train traveling past a train station.", "Red train carrying passengers under trees in daytime.", "A train moving along the tracks with empty carts.", "a man in an orange standing behind an old train", "Small train pulling passengers like something you see in an amusement park"]
["A group of four street signs stacked on top of each other.", "four sign streets set on a blue background", "there are 4 traffic sigs of the United Kingdom", "A road sign giving directions to four streets", "The old street signs are on display. "]
["Road signs giving directions and a car parked next to it", "A two way street sign by a house by a waterway.", "INTERSECTION OF HOWE ST. AND BROADWAY A VEHICLE HEADS EAST ON BROADWAY", "Street sign in a neighborhood overlooking a lake.", "A home, vehicle, street signs, and the ocean."]
["A group of birds sitting on a horizontal pole.", "A line of hawks wearing hoods on a wooden beam.", "several hawks sitting on a perch one is blind folded", "A group of hawks are perched with hunting caps on their heads. ", "Several birds are blind folded and perched on a bar."]
["A red train engine with a large golden bell", "An old train with smoke coming out of it", "A train on a rail line near some trees", "A train cart travels down the road on some tracks", "A train moving along on the train track."]
["A man smiling while sitting at a table drinking beer. ", "A man that is sitting down holding a glass mug.", "A man sitting at a table with glasses of beer on them.", "The man in the large hat is drinking near many glasses of dark beer.", "A man wearing a hat sitting at a table"]
["A couple instrument cases are stacked up with a red hat on top for donations.", "A red hat turned upside down on top of two suitcases", "A red hat is being used to collect tips for a street performer.", "An upside down hat on top of stacked briefcases with a thank you sign", "A hat is upturned on some stacked luggage with a \"Thank You!\" sign."]
["There are two different street signs together in a different language", "Caution sign on a pole in a tropical area with palm trees in the background.", "A street sign is shown with two different languages.", "A street sign cautions about road bumps in two languages.", "A street sign warning motorists of road humps."]
["A bird that is standing on a concrete ledge over the water.", "A bird perched on the side of a lake near grass.", "A bird leaning off a ledge towards the water.", "a black bird standing on the edge looking into the water", "A bird with a red and yellow beak leaning over to some water."]
["A black and white picture of a building with a neon sign.", "A tall building with a sign hanging off the side of it.", "a black and white photo of a sign and a building", "a building that has a sign on the outside of it", "a neon sign hanging in the front of a store"]
["A mountain towers over a train going down the tracks.", "A oil tanker train on the tracker with mountains in the background.", "Train leaving the station and heading towards the mountains", "A train traveling down tracks under a giant snow covered mountain.", "A train on a railroad track with a huge mountain range in the background."]
["A long train alongside a brightly it train station. ", "a silver train pulling into a station filled with lots of lights.", "A train pulled up to a station at night time", "A train sits and glows on the tracks at night.", "A train rides the tracks next to a road."]
["A train moving along a track near a field.", "A modern train traveling through a wooded area.", "Black and white photograph of a modern commuter train ", "A passenger train going through a wooded area by a lake.", "a vintage photo of a train passing through a rural area "]
["A train traveling down train tracks next to a building.", "The connecting mechanism of a train is shown in black and white.", "A train on tracks near a multi storied brick building.", "An old train car stopped on the tracks near a building.", "A trolly or train car in an urban area."]
["A train traveling past a brick wall near a tank.", "A very nice looking train on the tracks.", "a yellow and blue trains engine pulling its train cars ", "a train moving on railway line  moving very fast", "A blue and yellow train is sitting on some railroad tracks."]
["Two trains that are on the rails near a station.", "a yellow train pulling up to a black train", "a yellow train is coming down some tracks", "a silver train with an orange front is moving on the track ", "A subway train parked next to another one at a station."]
["The white train is at a platform at evening time.", "The train is at a stop at night. ", "a yellow white and blue train a fence and some lights", "a commuter train stopped at a station at night", "a train resting next to a a station during the night hours"]
["a steam locomotive on a narrow gauge track", "Vintage black and white photograph of a train.", "A steam engine train traveling on railroad tracks.", "A train traveling along track near a wall.", "A train conductor sits in the front of an old locomotive."]
["A train pulling out of a train station.", " A man sits still in a small train.", "Train parked in a train station on a small set of tracks.", "A blue and red train leaving the station.", "A man is driving a short train or trolley."]
["A train parked at a train station next to another train.", "a train on a train track with a building in the background", "The large train is black, yellow, and red.", "A train sits on the tracks at the train station.", "A black train parked next to a building and a jeep."]
["A yellow white and green train traveling down train tracks.", "A train under some wires at a train station", "a railway with train parked on a track", "Yellow commuter train at multi track station in urban setting.", "a train is moving along at the train stop "]
["a yellow train parked at a platfrom with a bright light ", "A yellow train with lights on at night.", "A yellow train pulling out of  a train station.", "a yellow train pulling up to station at night.", "A train stops at a platform at nighttime."]
["A train traveling down tracks next to a train station.", "A long train traveling slowly on the railroad. ", "a yellow red and silver train on its track and some wires", "A train pulls along side a platform underneath some power lines.", "A red and yellow commuter train pulling into a station."]
["A train rides alongside another train on the tracks.", "A train sitting on the railroad tracks. ", "Two trains driving on adjoining tracks at the same time.", "a train coming down a track next to a fence", "Two trains passing each other in an open field. "]
["A public transit train on the train tracks.", "a train that is sitting on a train track", "A train comes down the tracks in front of a treeline.", "The train is traveling down the railroad tracks.", "Sparse grass grows in the sandy area between the train tracks."]
["A train riding down the tracks beside a sidewalk.", "A train that is stationary at the station waiting for passengers. ", "A subway train next to the boarding platform.", "A train sits at an empty station in the daylight.", "a train at a standstill next to a platform."]
["The large freight train is pulling many cars of cargo. ", "A train hauling cars is stopped at a train station.", "this is a yellow train riding the rails", "A train that is sitting on the tracks.", "A cargo train that is traveling down some tracks."]
["a couple of trains parked on some tracks under a closed roof", "Some old blue trains are parked in a museum.", "a couple of trains that are on some train tracks", "This is some large boats in the middle of a show room.", "there are two blur bullet trains on the tracks"]
["A small blue train traveling past houses by train tracks..", "A miniature blue train engine sits on the tracks in a rural setting.", "A red and blue small train is on the tracks.", "A small train on one of several sets of tracks.", "A train arrives in a residential area on a sunny day,"]
["Conductors operating a miniature train for parents and their children.", "Two children's miniature trains with conductor and mother and child.", "Two conductors of children's miniature trains talking while groups of families wait in line.", "People gathered around small trains used at an amusement park ", "Group of people standing near or riding a very small train engine. "]
["a man standing next to a a little passenger  train on the track", "A conductor assessing a green train in a private lot.", "A train engineer preparing the engine of this train for travel.", "The man is looking at an old green train engine. ", "Train engineer standing near small working train engine."]
["a green train is coming down the tracks", "The train is on the tracks by the road.", "A train riding on a track near a platform.", "A commuter train pulling out of a suburban station.", "a green and yellow train on the train track"]
["The station has no passengers waiting for the train.", "A yellow and blue train is pulled up to the platform.", "A transit train in front of a multi story brick building.", "A yellow & blue commuter train pulling up to a train station", "A passenger train that is traveling on railroad tracks."]
["A green and yellow railroad train pulling into the station", "The green train is pulling up next to the platform of a train station.", "A green and yellow train at a train station", "a green and yellow going down a track by an empty platform", "A green train on the tracks with people near."]
["A blue and yellow train going down the train track", "A very pretty bright colored train on the tracks.", "A part of a train on tracks next to a building.", "There is a train on the railroad tacks.", "A blue and yellow train parked in front of a station."]
["A large train car labeled \"buffet\" and \"first class\" is parked in a train yard.", "A commuter train parked at a train station next to a building.", "A train is parked on the tracks at a train station.", "a train stopped on a train track near a building", "A train car is parked at the train station."]
["Two green and yellow trains parked near a train station.", "Green and yellow trains sitting at a station next to each other. ", "Two green and yellow trains at a train station ", "Two green and yellow trains side by side at a train station.", "Two trains side by side with people boarding them in the city."]
["Two trains near railway stops on the tracks. ", "two trains on train tracks with a bridge above", "A couple of trains traveling down tracks next to a bridge.", "Two yellow Metro passenger trains going under a red steel bridge.", "A train engine carrying carts down a track."]
["A train pulling out of a tunnel near a tall building.", "A train going through a tunnel under a building", "A train coming out of an tunnel of a city.", "Yellow train car coming out of a tunnel. ", "A passenger train travels under a building near a station platform."]
["a train near a platform and people walking", "A white and yellow train sitting next to a  train.", "People walk on the platform beside two trains that are beside one another.", "A passenger train waits at the platform for passengers.", "A train arrives next to another train in a station."]
["Several people helping to load luggage onto a train.", "Several people loading baggage into the open side door of a train.", "people putting their suitcases onto a train car", "A man helping a woman load her luggage, while people stand by.", "Four people unloading and loading from a train"]
["An empty train station with a train parked in waiting.", "An empty train station with a train pulled up with its doors open.", "A large long train at a station on a track.", "A train pulling into a train station next to a loading platform.", "An indoor train station is photographed in black and white."]
["a green train engine sitting at the end of the train and next to the buidling", "A train is comign down the trakc with people in the last wagon.", "A green Great Western trains waits beside a building with an awning.", "An old steam locomotive pulling a coal car at a train station.", "there is a green train that is passing by the station"]
["A black and white photo of an old locomotive.", "A black and white photo of a train engine in a train depot.", "A train on the tracks parked in a station.", "A train sitting in a train station on top of railroad track.", "A large grey train inside of a train station."]
["A train stopped at the station to pick up passengers.", "A white and yellow train at a train station.", "A train on a track next to a platform.", "A long train sits at the station waiting for it's departure.", "A train that is in front of the train station."]
["a train on a train track at a train station", "an image of a railroad track with train coming down", "A train pulling up to an outside platform.", "An old train is shown leaving the train station. ", "An orange train waiting at the train station"]
["A train coming up to an intersection of rails", "an old diesel locomotive coming upon a track switch ", "There is an old yellow train coming down the tracks", "A yellow train traveling down train tracks next to a field.", "a brown and yellow train traveling on train tracks"]
["A yellow, gray and white train stationed at a city.", "Two empty modern train engines face each other on urban tracks.", "Two empty train locomotives facing each other on track.", "two yellow and white train cars parked at a station", "A yellow and gray train is linked by heavy metal."]
["A train on a track on a sunny day.", "A train traveling down tracks next to a train station.", "a box car train rides down some tracks ", "Old train cars sit on a track in a train yard. ", "a old train that is on a train track"]
["A train is pulling up to a platform to pick up passengers.", "A train on the train tracks is at the station", "a train is arriving to a station in the day", "A train oulling into the platform filled with people", "Several people are standing next to a train."]
["Two trains passing by each other during the day time. ", "Trains parked on a siding in a train yard.", "A couple of trains sitting next to each other on tracks.", "A train parked by a sidewalk at train station ", "A very nice looking train on the tracks."]
["a yellow and red trains engine on its track and trees and signs", "A red locomotive stopping at a railway station.", "The train engine is different than the ones we have in the USA.", "A train is stopped next to a brick walkway at a train station.", "a red and yellow train at a platform"]
["A yellow train traveling past a field next to a forest.", "a yellow train coming down the railroad tracks", "A black and yellow train on one of two train tracks.", "A train travelling down a set of tracks that have rocks on the sides and grassy areas past the rocks.", "THERE IS A COMMUTER TRAIN ON THE TRACKS "]
["A commuting train movig through a rail yard with tracks on", "A small red and yellow train engine on the track.", "Red and yellow train car on the tracks by itself. ", "A red and yellow train traveling down train tracks.", "A small train just leaving the train station."]
["A train is pulling in to a train station.", "A subway train letting passengers on at a station.", "Very clean subway platform as train is approaching", "People near a subway train at the station.", "A blue and yellow bus sits on the track."]
["Non passenger train, slowly coming down the tracks", "a white and black train engine pulling several train cars next to trees.", "Yellow train engine coming down tracks pulling several cars behind.", "A yellow fronted train is going down the tracks.", "A train traveling down track next to a lush green forest."]
["A black and white train is in an underpass.", "A train siting next to a loading platform next to scaffolding.", "a train sits parked inside of a station ", "A black and white photo of a train sitting in a station.", "A train sitting on the tracks with smoke coming out of it."]
["a train on a train track at a train station", "A group of people standing on a platform waiting for a train.", "The orange passenger train is loading passengers onto it.", "A train pulls up to a platform with people on it.", "Some people gathered on a platform near a big red train."]
["A crew of workers performing work on a train.", "A work crew standing near a steam engine.", "Train station workers are conversing next to a train.", "Train engineers gathered around a standing steam locomotive.", "An old fashioned train is parked as workers gather around it."]
["A train pulled into a train station next to a loading platform.", "A yellow, white and blue train next to a train station.", "A yellow and blue train pulls into a train station.", "a yellow and white passenger train parked beside a train platform ", "A passenger train is stopped at a train station."]
["trees in fall colors and a stop sign to the right. ", "A red stop sign underneath a tree filled with yellow leaves.", "Autumn leaves radiate a golden glow in afternoon sunlight.", "Trees with orange and yellow leaves during autumn and traffic signs", "There are many trees in the area of the intersection."]
["A train on track passing through a small station.", "A train engine carrying carts on a track.", "a green and yellow train traveling down a train track", "A train rides along the rails in a train yard.", "A green and yellow rain on tracks with building in background."]
["A train is driving down the tracks in front of a building.", "a train that is parked on some train tracks", "A train that is pulling into a train station. ", "A yellow and red train engine pulling into a station.", "a train pulls up to a platform for people to board."]
["Two cars stopped on a street near buildings and stop signs", "two vehicles parked on a street with numberous stop signs around", "A parking lot filled with cars and stop signs.", "Several cars parked in front of houses with a series of stop signs arranged in front of them.", "a city street with stop signs brick buildings and cars"]
["A black and white image of a train on tracks", "A train is sitting on the tracks under a building.", "Old locomotive in motion through rail yard in desperation", "A train sitting on the track at the station.", "A very old train parked at a station in a black and white photo."]
["A colorful train engine on the railroad tracks.", "Several onlookers are looking at a parked train.", "A red and yellow and black train on display", "A red and yellow train sitting on train tracks.", "A bright red train with a yellow face is being approached by people in the background."]
["A picture of a broken down stop sign.", "a stop sign with a hole in it ", "A stop sign mounted on a wooden pole that has been defaced", "a red and white stop sign and a street sign", "a stop sign that got murked by some shit"]
["there is a train that is coming down the tracks on the train ", "a yellow and white train that is on a train track", "A yellow and white train is coming down the tracks", "A train engine carrying a cart down a track through the woods.", "The white and yellow train is going down the tracks. "]
["Two yellow and silver trains parked next to each other.", "Two passenger trains sit side by side at the station.", "Two yellow trains are entering a train station.", "Modern commuter trains at an old railway station", "The clock reads 2:35 at the train station with two trains present."]
["Small passenger train passing through verdant country side. ", "A short passenger train on train tracks lined with trees.", "A train rolls down the track through the forest.", "A very nice looking train on the tracks in the woods.", "A passenger train rolls along a track in the countryside."]
["A group of trains parked next to each other.", "Trains are parked near buildings near the tracks.", "a bunch of broken down trains sit in a yard ", "A grouping of old trains on tracks behind a train depot.", "A bunch of trains that are sitting on a track."]
["A train traveling through a rural country side.", "A train is driving on a train track in the wild.", "A train on some tracks in an arid-looking area. ", "A train moving along the track in a foggy forest", "A train engine on the tracks with a side rail beside it."]
["red and yellow train stopped  at a station", "A train is stopped at the train station.", "A orange and red train parked at the station.", "a parked train sits beside a building ", "A train sitting in a train station in a rural area."]
["A red and yellow train on the train tracks.", "A train coming on the track in a train station ", "The red and orange train is pulling up to the platform.", "a big rain drives under a bridge ", "A train is pulled up near a loading station."]
["A train traveling through a rural green countryside.", "A yellow train moves down the track pulling cargo.", "A train engine carrying several carts down a track.", "there  is a yellow train coming down the railroad ", "A train riding on the train tracks near the woods. "]
["A train is shown stopped at a train station.", "A train sits at an outdoor station in the city.", "The train is passing under the large platform.", "Commuter train leaving the station for the morning commute.", "A train pulling out of a train station next to a street."]
["A five way stop sign on a street corner lined with trees", "A city warning sign is displayed on a street.", " a stop sign on a wooden pole with a street name stenciled on it", "A red stop sign sitting on the side of a road.", "A red stop sign that is on top of a pole."]
["a view through a car windshield of a stop sign", "A stop sign on the side of the road.", "A view of the woods from a car of knocked down trees. ", "A frosty car hood shows with a stop sign.", "A dashboard view of a stop sing in a grassy area."]
["A train traveling past a water tower next to a forest.", "A locomotive next to a dispensing unit on a track.", "A train by a water tower on a sunny day.", "a train on the tracks next to a water tower", "A freight train approaching a rustic water tower."]
["A yellow, red, and silver train makes its way to the loading platform.", "a train on a track near a platform", " A railroad train pulling up to the train platform", "A train traveling under a bridge next to a  platform.", "A different color train going under a bridge. "]
["A colorful train traveling past a wooded area.", "A silver train traveling down the train tracks", "The passenger train is coming down the tracks.", "A modern commuter train pulls into an above-ground stop. ", "The metro train is approaching the platform near many trees."]
["A group of trains passing by each other on a track.", "old fashioned trains sitting on the tracks ", "A group of trains sitting on top of train tracks.", "Several railroad tracks that have trains on them.", "A variety of trains traveling on railroad tracks. "]
["this is a train riding down th rails", "A train that is sitting on the train tracks.", "A yellow and white train approaches a train stop.", "A train parked at a small train station.", "A train parked on top of the tracks near a station."]
["A train makes its way down a track next to an open field.", "A passenger train moving down the tracks next to a field.", "A train traveling through the lush green countryside.", "A train on a ridge passing along a fenced farm area.", "A gray and yellow train drives down the tracks."]
["A train is passing another train in a station. ", "two yellow and silver trains on their tracks and some trees", "Two trains on parallel tracks near a station", "Two trains are on the tracks awaiting passengers for their next trip.", "A yellow and black train is next to a platform."]
["A pair of parking meters with a coffee cup between them", "\nThere is a red canned beverage in between the two parking meters.", "Two parking meters with a coffee cup in public.", "A dual parking meter with a cup of coffee between", "A coffee cup is parked in between two digital parking meters."]
["A train on a track pulling into a station dock.", "Passenger train stopped at a station with no people on it.", "The front of a commuter train parked by a platform.", "A yellow and green train passes through a rural area", "A yellow and green train going down a track near a platform."]
["A commuter Amtrak train on the tracks ", "a train that is siting on a train track", "A train is sitting on the tracks at a train station.", "A red, white and green Amtrak train stopped at a station. ", "A long train traveling along train tracks near a platform."]
["The passenger train is painted brown and white. ", "this is a white rain riding on some rails", "A white passenger train is on the tracks.", "Front of a train stationed at a train station.", "A commuter train running under a bridge along urban tracks."]
["A copper and orange train on the train tracks. ", "A train traveling through a dry countryside next to buildings.", "A very long dark colored train on the tracks.", "A train on a rail line next to a station", "A very long large train on a steel track."]
["Three sets of train tracks with trains on each of them.", "three yellow and blue trains next to each other", "Several trains are parked next to each other on some tracks.", "three trains on train tracks with a sky background", "THREE TRAIN CARS SITTING ON THREE SEPARATE TRACKS"]
["A yellow and black train sitting next to a loading platform.", "a long passenger train sitting on the track next to a platform ", "A very long train parked near a platform.", "The train is going down the railroad track. ", "A train riding through a train station with no one on the platform. "]
["Modern commuter train on a well maintained track ", "A silver train sitting on the railroad tracks ", "There is a somewhat short train moving along a track", "A train traveling down tracks through the countryside.", "Train coming down railway track towards the camera."]
["A train is moving down the train tracks.", "A large train comes roaring down the tracks.", "A yellow and black train passing by trees and building.", "A train on tracks running next to several trees.", "A yellow train is on the train track."]
["a yellow and red train on its track", "A train has made its way through a grand tunnel cut into the mountain.", "A yellow and red train on train tracks ", "A short train is traveling through a junction.", "Multiple train tracks with an electric train on one of them."]
["a bus parked on a rail way under a walking bridge.", "A train going under a metal beam with sidewalk.", "A commuter train stopped at a train stop.", "A commuter train pulls into the train station.", "a blue and yellow train at a train platform"]
["A train pulling into a station on a sunny day", "A train arriving at a station platform with no people in sight.", "A red and yellow train next to a train station.", "A train sitting at an empty train station.", "A red and yellow train parked at a train station"]
["A purple and yellow train traveling down train tracks.", "A blue train is coming down the tracks", "A train on a track at a station with people across from it.", "A metro train is pulling into the station.", "A high speed train pulls into a platform while people watch."]
["A train is in a station and is in black and white.", "a train on a track near a platform", "A black and white picture of a train in a station.", "A train in an indoor station standing on the tracks.", "a black and white photo of a subway"]
["A red and white train sitting still on  a train track", "A train is parked at the station loading passengers.", "a trolley train sit parked next to some people", "A TRAIN HAS APPROACHED THE TRAIN STATION IN DAYTIME", "A red and white train traveling past a train station."]
["this is trains passing each other on the tracks", "A blue and white train raveling past a rusted out train.", "Two trains that are sitting on the tracks.", "Two electric trains pass each other on the tracks.", "Two old trains on a train track heading in opposite directions."]
["The parking meters are posted beside a cement wall. ", "A row of parking meters sitting along a cement fence.", "A bunch of parking tolls near a concrete wall with numbers", "Parking meters in pavement with corresponding numbered poles.", "A row of numbered coin meters on a side walk."]
["A black and grey dog in the passengers side of a truck.", "a dog is sitting inside a vehicle right in the front seat. ", "A small dog sitting on a car seat next to a window.", "A dog sits on a truck seat with his tongue out", "A dog is patiently waiting in a truck."]
["The casual  vehicle parade features a patriotic theme,", "A large truck and a group of people.", "Older Americans ride in a simple parade float adorned with red, white and blue decorations.", "A group of people are riding in a holiday float.", "The group of people is riding on the back of the truck"]
["Cars and buses seen through the reflection of a window", "An old building with vehicles seen in the reflection of the windows", "Two windows reflecting a red bus in front of a black car on a street.", "view of a city street thru the windows of a rusty shack", "Windows reflect cars sitting in traffic on a road next to an old building."]
["A woman holding a sign sitting on top of a truck.", "a woman sitting on a back of a truck whiile holding a sign ", "A woman is sitting with a congratulations sign", "A woman sitting on a truck holding a black and white sign congratulating AAF Supply. ", "A lady seated on the back of a military truck under a banner holding a sign."]
["Men work on the basket of a hot air balloon. ", "Four people are trying to dissemble an object in front of their truck. ", "a group of men trying to get an air blaoon  working", "a group of men work on a air balloon ", "A hot air ballon basket on its side in a parking lot."]
["A street scene with a large truck driving by.", "A large semi truck pulling a blue tractor behind it.", "a yellow and black truck is carrying some machinery", "The rear view of a large construction truck while it drives down the street in foggy weather.", "A tractor trailer vehicle drives on an abandoned highway."]
["A parked truck with an artistic design on its trailer.", "A small brightly colored commercial vehicle parked on a gravel parking lot.", "A delivering truck with an artistic painting painted on its trailers.", "Moving truck painted in a unique pattern in gold, white and black.", "A wildly painted utility truck sits in a gravel parking lot"]
["A cat and dog are close together on a bed.", "A cat and dog laying together on a bed.", "a dog and a cat lay on a bed with a window near by", "a black and white dog and a gray cat laying on a bed", "A dog and a cat laying on a blanket together. "]
["A cat and dog walk alongside each other.", "The black dog runs past the black and white cat.", "The black dog is staring at the cat.", "A dog and cat look at each other on a path. ", "A cat and dog walk in the dirt together. "]
["A black cat is scared by a large dog.", "A black cat with white paws walking past a dog.", "a cat and dog walking on the sidewalk next to a wall", "A black cat reacts to a dog with large ears.", "a frightened black cat looking at a dog"]
["Dog and cat lying on floor side by side sleeping.", "A black and tan dog is shown snuggling with a white cat.", "a black and brown dog and a white and orange cat ", "A cat and dog are laying on a red rug.", "A dog and a cat laying on the red carpet on the floor."]
["God looking at orange cat that is standing on a stool. ", "A small kitten is sitting on a chair next to a standing dog.", "a little kitten sitting on a stool next to a big brown dog", "A red dog with a white face looks at an orange tabby cat who is on top of a bar stool.", "A dog and a cat with the kitten on a stool."]
["A black and white cat sitting inside of a cage.", "A cat standing in a cage with the door open", "Small cat poking it's head out of the opened cage", "A cat looking out from a cage with a strange look", "A cat sits on a blanket in a cage."]
["A cat sitting on a blanket on a table. ", "A black and white cat is sitting on a blanket.", "A cat stands and looks to the right.", "A black and white cat looking at a cage door.", "A black and white cat standing on a white sheet outside of a cage."]
["A cay laying on a brick walkway next to a person holding an umbrella.", "A brown and black cat laying on brick pavement near human feet.", "A black and orange cat sits on the pavement.", "A cat is laying on a walkway pawing the tip of an umbrella beside someone's feet.", "A cat is playing with the bottom part of the umbrella"]
["A black and orange cat laying on top of an umbrella.", "The cat must have found an interesting smell on that umbrella.", "A cat is laying on an umbrella on the sidewalk.", "a cat playing with a umbrella on the ground", "A cat examining an umbrella that is lying on the ground."]
["A cat sitting on a table outside with a dog laying on the ground ", "A cat sitting on a table while a dog lays on the ground", "A cat sits on a table while a dog lays on the ground in a yard.", "Kitteh and Puppeh enjoying a lazy day outside", "a small cat is sitting on a table outside with a dog"]
["The yellow truck passes by two people on motorcycles from opposing directions.", "People sitting in the back of a small truck that is slowly moving down the road .", "a yellow and red truck with people a street and trees", "A yellow truck carrying people on the back of it and something huge on top of it.", "A sailboat-carrying truck with people in the back on a tree lined road."]
["A yellow truck filled with passengers driving down a  street.", "A truck carrying people with some motorcycle riders and a line of cars following them", "A yellow truck carrying lots of debris through a busy street.", "A street scene with several motorcycles, cars, and a truck loaded with metal.", "a druck with assorted stuff on the top of it "]
["A large tiger cat sitting on top of a pair of shoes.", "A dark photo of a cat sitting on a pair of shoes.", "A cat with piercing green eyes resting upon a pair of shoes.", "A cat with glowing eyes sitting on shoes with reflective heels.", "A cat looking up while sitting on a pair of sneakers."]
["Cat with a light colored bowtie lying on floor.", "A cat in a bow tie laying under a car.", "A cat with a pink bow sits underneath something silver.", "a cat seated under a chair with bow tie", "an image of a cat with a bow around the neck"]
["A man leads a long-haired bull with a rope in a competition.", "A man leading a cow in a show ring.", "A man with a rope walks next to a long-haired cow. ", "A man in a lab coat walks a longhorn cow around a show ring.", "A man in a white coat walks a Yak on a grassy lawn"]
["A cat lays in the shade created by a pile of luggage.", "A cat snuggled next to luggage on the floor", "A cat laying in front of luggage on the floor.", "A white, blue and black cat lays on the floor near several suitcases.", "A multi-colored cat laying down next to several pieces of luggage that are various colors and sizes."]
["A yellow truck driving down a curvy road.", "Trucks are resurfacing the payment of a road. ", "two yellow city work trucks paving the road", "A street cleaner on a barren highway. ", "Two large yellow trucks are working on a road being built."]
["A person passes an expanse of snow on skis while another watches in the distance.", "a person riding skis on a snowy surface", "A person is skiing through snow on a mountain.", "a person in black is standing in skis", "A person on skis on a snow slope."]
["A cat is looking into a Christmas cup on a counter.", "A cat is sniffing a Santa Claus mug.", "A cat standing on a counter looking at a coffee cup.", "A cat about to drink out of a cup.", "I cant see this image it is too dark."]
["A two truck towing a brinks money truck.", "Green and white tote truck pulling a white truck behind it. ", "a couple of trucks that are parked next to each other", "A Brinks armored truck being towed away by a tow truck.", "A tow truck loading a bank security truck by a building."]
["A white cow standing next to a bush in grass", "A cow is looking back at who is taking his picture.", "A cow standing in a grassy field surrounded by trees.", "a white bull standing by a bush and some trees", "A cow standing in a lush green field surrounded by trees."]
["A man with a dog sitting in his backpack talking to a woman in sunglasses.", "A dos is sitting in a back pack", "Two people talking, one of which has a dog in their backpack.", "A small dog is sticking its head out of a backpack.", "A woman carrying her dog in a backpack."]
["A herd of animals standing on top of a lush green field.", "Cows grazing in a field on a sunny day.", "A herd of animals grazing in a big grassy field.", "an open field with bison or cows grazing", "A large grassy field filled with grazing cows"]
["Two cows in a field looking at the camera.", "Two cows standing next to each other in a field with high grass. ", "A couple of cows standing on a lush green field.", "Two cows stand in a field with tall grass and weeds. ", "Two cows out in the field on a farm "]
["A man laying in bed with a book and three cats.", "A man is sleeping with two cats and a book.", "A man laying in a bed with three cats.", "A man with his cats lying in bed.", "A man is sleeping wearing glasses under a pink, black and white quilt while two cats sleep with him."]
["A large cat sitting on top of a bed in a cage.", "A small grey cat laying on brown pillow.", "A cat sits in a cage on a wooly pillow", "A cat sit on  a cushion in a cage with the door open.", "A grey cat lounges on a cat bed inside a cage."]
["A group of cows are grazing in the grass. ", "A herd of cows grazing in an open field.", "A herd of cows are grazing in green grass.", "there are many cows that can be seen on this field", "A bunch of cows grazing in a field, during the day."]
["A man is standing next to a big cow.", "Bovine and handler await the result of the judges' inspection.", "A man walking with a cow at a market shoe", "A man standing with his back turned next to a cow.", "A brown cow that is being held by a man in a white shirt."]
["A red pick up truck parked on a field next to another truck.", "A red pickup truck parked in the grass", "And old body style pick up truck parked in grass.", "A red pickup truck parked on grass in front of mobile home.", "The old red truck has been parked in the grass."]
["A cat sitting on top of a television.", "A cat laying on a TV in the middle of the room.", "A cat laying on top of a flat screen TV.", "there is a cat that is laying on top of a tv", "a cat resting on top of a tv monitor which is hanging flush against a wall"]
["A cat on the floor watching a tv on a chair. ", "A fat cat in the living room watching the tv", "A cat is sitting on the floor and watching television. ", "A cat on a wood floor watching a TV sitting on a chair.", "The orange cat looks at a television set in a chair."]
["A cow sitting in a penn inside of a building.", "A brown and white cow leaning over a stable fence.", "A cow looks over a fence in a barn. ", "A brown and white cow looks out from a stall.", "A cow leans over the fence to visit the camera."]
["a close up of a small boat with dogs near by", "A couple of dogs are running around by an overturned boat.", "A boat near a lake and a dog nearby.", "A black and white picture of some dog running around.", "A dog running and playing beside an upside boat on dry land."]
["A dog draped in a blue blanket on a boat. ", "A white and beige dog is covered with a navy blue blanket.", "A gray and white dog with a blue blanket.", "A close-up of a dog in a boat wearing clothing.", "A dog is floating on a boat in a river."]
["Two cows are in a mountainside field with snow-covered mountains in the background. ", "A white cow stands by a brown and white donkey looking over a hill. ", "A white bull and a donkey are in a field at a very high altitude. ", "A large white cow standing on top of a lush green hill.", "A bull standing near a donkey on a mountain top."]
["two calfs walk side by side in a pen on a sunny day", "Two brown cows are in a fenced area.", "Two baby cows standing outside near a fence.", "Two baby calves on the farm in a pen.", "Two calves standing in a pen on a farm"]
["A black cat sitting on top of a laptop computer.", "A brown kitten sitting on an open laptop computer.", "A black cat rests on the keyboard of a laptop", "A cat sits on a laptop on a bed. ", "A cat sitting on a laptop that is on a bed. "]
["many cows in a field of green grass behind a fence", "A grassy field filled with many black cows.", "A herd of cattle grazing out in a grassy open field", "A large herd of cattle grazing on a lush green hillside.", "A bunch of cows in a green pasture."]
["A herd of brown cows standing in a field behind a wire fence.", "A herd of cattle wait to drink at the trough.", "Group of brown cows all grouped together in front of a wired fence.", "Several cows drinking water from a  water receptacle.", "Group of cows in a field near a water trough."]
["Cat sitting right next to keyboard on laptop", "A cat sitting on to of a table in front of a computer.", "A cat that is sitting next to a laptop.", "A cat is sitting on a table next to laptop.", "The orange cat is sitting on the laptop."]
["A picture of a boat being built inside.", "A warehouse with a sailboat being built missing pieces.", "A red and white boat sitting on top of tables in a workshop.", "A large model boat is being constructed in a workshop.", "A boat is being constructed in a warehouse."]
["A cat snuggled up asleep on a remote controller.", "a cat resting its head on a remote control.", "A sleepy cat has it's head on the remote control.", "A small kitten fast asleep with its head resting on a remote control", "An adorable kitten sleeps peacefully on top of a tv remote."]
["a man in uniform and glasses on flying on the air", "A guy in a uniform on a beach holding a camera for a selfie.", "The man is taking a picture of himself in glasses and a tie. ", "A man in a uniform taking a picture of himself at the beach.", "a male in a white shirt and tie sand and water"]
["Two women and a child are sitting on a red bench.", "A couple of people sitting on a wooden bench.", "two women and a baby are sitting on a red bench and some men walking", "Two people sitting on a park bench near trees.", "TWo women and a baby sitting on a bench in the park "]
["An older bald man in a striped suit.", "An older gentlemen in a suit siting in a chair.", "A man dressed in suit in business meeting room.", "An older man in a business suit who has a beard and glasses. ", "A man in a suit and tie sitting in a chair."]
["Group of people in dress clothes sitting around a conference table. ", "a number of people wearing suits around a table", "Men and women are posing for a photo in a conference room.", "A group of people sitting around a wooden table.", "A bunch of people posing for a group photo in business attire. "]
["A cruise ship is sailing close to the shore as two adults and a child walk through the sand.", "A family is at the beach as a cruise ship goes by.", "A family is on a beach and a cruise ship is in the background.", "A cruise ship is watched by passersby as they walk along the beach", "Two adults and a child walk on the beach in front of a cruise ship. "]
["an elephant playing with water at a watering hole with his trunk", "An elephant's front legs are in the water and back legs are out of the water.", "an elephant is going to the river to drink water", "An elephant standing with its front feet in the water.", "An elephant stands with its front feet in shallow water. "]
["A boat going through the water in a canal.", "A yellow tug boat moving through choppy waters.", "A boat floating on a lake next to a shore.", "The large boat has ran up onto the shore.", "A tugboat pushing it's cargo in a foggy river."]
["a man in a suit drinking a cup of coffee", "A person in a suit and tie drinking out of a mug. ", "A man in a suit is drinking out of a cup.", "A man is taking a drink out of a mug.", "A man drinking a cup of coffee. "]
["The man in the brown suit is holding a coffee mug.", "The man is covering his face with the mug.", "A young professional man holding a mug to keep himself hidden. ", "a person holds a cup of coffee in front of their face", "A man holding up a  blue mug in front of a clock."]
["A boat is in a muddy body of water.", "A blue boat docked next to a table full of people", "a blue boat parked in muddy waters at a dock with people in the background sitting at picnic tables", "A big blue boat docked in muddy water.", "A ship sits in a dock in dirty water"]
["A boat that has blue covers sitting on the side of the water", "A boat floating along a river next to green trees.", "A boat on a river with many trees on the riverbank.", "A house boat floating on a dirty looking river", "A British ferry boat on the water next to the shore."]
["Three men are wearing identical black suits, vests, ties and shiny black shoes.", "Three men wearing suits standing next to each other on a field.", "Three men wearing tuxedos standing next to each other in a field. ", "A picture of three men in black suits standing in a field.", "Tree men dressed in black suits with white flowers in the lapel."]
["A man wearing sun glasses, a tie and a suit.", "A man with suit and sunglasses is standing near a brick wall.", "A man in a suit with glasses stands in front of a building", "a man wearing sunglasses standing in a suit", "Bearded man, wearing sunglasses and a dark suit, standing before a brown brick wall."]
["A view of a boat at sea with a lighthouse in the background.", "A fishing vessel near a lighthouse on the shore.", "A cargo ship coming around a light house point.", "a big boat that is on some water", "The huge boat is sailing beside an island with a light house."]
["A rowboat parked at the base of a white lighthouse.", "A paddle boat near some steps close to a light tower.", "A boat that is sitting in the dirt.", "A yellow row boat rests on a ramp going to a lighthouse.", "A small rowboat on an incline in front of a lighthouse."]
["two people standing close to one another holding a bottle and a cup", "A man and woman with a bottle of whiskey.", "A man and a woman pour a glass of alcohol.", "A woman holding a glass while a man pours liquor into it.", "A man wearing glasses pouring something into a cup being held by a blonde   woman. "]
["A businessman sitting at a desk with a folder containing documents.", "A man in a suit sits at a table with a binder in front of him.", "A man explaining his reasoning for making a suggestion.", "A man sitting at a table with an open binder pointing at the page.", "An Asian man wearing a suit with a yellow and blue tie is talking and sitting at a table with a binder of papers in front of him.", "An Asian man wearing a suit is talking and sitting at a table with a binder of papers in front of him."]
["a man talking to a group of people and standing in front of a screen", "A man standing up giving a presentation. ", "A man in a suit and tie standing in front of a power point slide. ", "A man is teaching a Project Engage seminar. ", "A man wearing a suit stands lecturing before a group of people. "]
["a person standing next to an elephant on a field", "The man is standing next to an adult elephant with chains on it.", "Man standing next to an elephant with chains around his front ankles.", "A man standing next to an elephant on a lush green field.", "A man stands next to a chained Asian elephant. "]
["Three men having a discussion in an office.", "Multiple men sitting in a living room having a meeting.  ", "A group of men in suits sitting on couches talking.", "a group of men that are sitting around on some couches", " Group of businessman discussing something important "]
["A big boat anchored next to a big dock.", "This is a photo of a boat floating on the water in front of a huge mountain. ", "A boat docked at some sort of private pier with mountains in the background.", "THERE IS A BOAT ON THE SIDE OF AN ISLAND ", "A bock docks at a harbor near a large, rocky mountain."]
["A man in a tie and dress shirt taking a picture with a cell phone.", "A gentleman is taking a selfie in the bathroom mirror. ", "A man in a bathroom holding up a cell phone and smiling.", "A guy taking a selfie in the mirror", "Man in black shirt and black tie taking a picture with a black cell phone. "]
["a man in glasses and a tie stand on concrete", "A man in a tie and slacks standing in an open area", "A man posing for the camera with a red tie on. ", "A man wearing a red neck tie on top of a dirt field.", "A man in a red tie standing in front of a festival."]
["A man wearing a green sweatshirt with a tie around his neck.", "a man is wearing a loose blue tie", "A man in a sweatshirt wears a scarf loosely.", "A smiling male wears a tie with a sweater.", "A man is wearing a sweatshirt and a scarf."]
["A woman on the side of the street selling umbrellas.", "a woman is setting some goods outside a store", "A worker stands near umbrellas depicting animal faces. ", "a bunch of colorful umbrellas and toys for sale on the street.", "A shopkeeper preparing various colored umbrellas in front of her shop."]
["People are crossing a street with umbrellas on a rainy day.", "Pedestrians carrying unfolded umbrellas cross a busy urban street corner in the rain.", "A crowd of people walking down a rain soaked street while holding umbrella.", "People walking with umbrellas on a city street.", "A street scene with people crossing a street holding umbrellas. "]
["A couple of men standing next to each other holding a ring box.", "A man examining a piece of jewelry with great appreciation.", "A man showing a ring at a formal event.", "Tow men looking at something in a blue box", "Two men standing near each other with suits on"]
["A person sitting on a beach underneath a blue umbrella.", "a person sits on the ground near a body of water", "A person is sitting under an umbrella next to a duck pond.", "A person sitting beside a lake holding a bright blue umbrella.", "A picture in black and white of a person holding a blue umbrella next to a river."]
["A woman that is kneeling under a elephants trunk.", "A woman bathes the feet of an adult elephant.", "A woman is giving an elephant a bath.", "A large elephant standing next to a man with a hose.", "A woman helping clean an elephants foot with some water."]
["some people walking trees and many hanging umbrellas", "A display of different colored umbrella's in a walk way.", "Some people walking on a sidewalk with many umbrellas above.", "People walk under colored umbrellas suspended in the air.", "People walk on a sidewalk below many multicolored umbrellas."]
["A sailboat with a dragon on it and the word Tolkien", "A boat named J.R. Tolkien is harbored along other boats", "People stand on a boat named after JRR Tolkien.", " a boat named after author j.r. tolkien with a dragon painted on it", "White sailboat sitting in a shallow area at a Pier. "]
["A man presenting something to another man in a tent.", "Two men are touching hands under a red canvas roof.", "Two men wearing business suits shake hands under a canopy.", "Two men shaking hands under a red tent.", "Two men about to shake hands under a canopy."]
["Elephants walk in a line down the middle of the street", "A group of elephants walking down a street with people on them.", "Three elephants with passengers are walking down a street.", "Three people are riding three elephants and marching down a street.", "Three elephants are walking down the street with people."]
["An elephant walking down the street with a saddle", "A elephant on a cobbled street with a howdah.", "an image of an elephant carrying cargo on its back\n", "An elephant in a saddle is walking along.", "An elephant with various blankets and a seat on its back."]
["a bunch of elephants moving down the road", "Four elephants with people riding on top of them.", "Some folks riding their elephants down an outside walkway.", "A small herd of elephants with saddles walk through a door in a city.", "A group of men riding on the backs of elephants."]
["A bike with a basket sitting on snow covered ground.", "A bicycle with a basket is parked on a snowy path.", "a bike with a basket parked on a snowy surface", "A snow covered road with a bicycle in the middle.", "A BIKE IS ON THE STREET WITH A LOT OF SNOW"]
["Woman in black heels standing on green and white suitcase.", "A woman on top of a suit case wearing heels.", "a womans legs wearing black shoes standing on a green and white suitcase", "A woman standing on top of a piece of luggage with sexy legs.", "A woman with black shoes is on a suitcase."]
["A young man stands by a gate, holding an umbrella, nearby to a stream.", "A man holding a black umbrella while standing on a bridge.", "A man standing in the rain near a river.", "A man is holding an umbrella on a bridge above a river.", "A man is standing under an umbrella and on a bridge."]
["A man standing with an umbrella in one hand and a flashlight in the other", "A man holding an umbrella and a yellow flash light.", "A person that is holding an umbrella outside.", "A man holding a flashlight hold an umbrella also", "a man holding an umbrella and a flashlight"]
["a woman is sitting against a wall with a case", "The woman kneels beside a building with an open suitcase and other bags.", "A woman squatting against a wall with luggage by her side.", "woman displaying art inside of suitcase on sidewalk", "The woman is leaning against the building with an open suitcase"]
["a couple of elephants walking off a path", "A herd of elephants walking down a dirt road near a lush green field.", "Adult elephants crossing roadway with young in native land.", "Some elephants are walking down a small dirt road.", "Leader of elephant herd heading into the brush after crossing a road."]
["An elephant standing under a tree in a field.", "A single elephant that is walking in a field.", "An elephant under a tree on an African plain.", "a big elephant standing near a small tree and grass", "An elephant taking shade beneath a very small tree."]
["Person with a red and blue umbrella by a small pond.", "A person standing under an umbrella facing a house. ", "A REFLECTION OF A HOUSE IN THE WATER.", "A fancy house before a reflecting pool, and a person standing by it.", "a white house and a person holding a red and blue umbrella"]
["Several bags are grouped together in a waiting area.", "a crowd of people sitting and standing around a bunch of bags.", "Allot of colorful luggage and people waiting to leave. ", "the people are sitting and standing with lots of luggage", "a number of luggage bags piled on one another "]
["Two people are standing at a street corner and one of them is using an umbrella.", "Two women, one with an umbrella, stand at a street corner next to the stoplight.", "pair of women standing on sidewalk at roadway pedestrian crossing area.", "a couple of girls standing on a street corner ", "a couple of people that have some umbrella"]
["A woman holding a child on her hip in the water", "A group of people, mostly young kids playing in the water.", "A woman standing in the water holding her child on her hip.", "A woman is holding a child in the water with another child nearby.", "A man holding a baby in his arms next to a little girl."]
["A man standing on a paddle boat with his dog on the front end of it.", "Two people in a long kayak, and a man and a dog standing on some kind of small boat.", "Two boaters paddle a canoe as a man stands on a board with his dog.", "Group of people paddling boats on water in front of a city. ", "an image of people in the water rowing on canoes"]
["A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE ON BOATS IN THE WATER ", "A bunch of people at the water swimming, canoeing, and boating. ", "Lots of people taking in the beautiful day on the water.", "Several people are on a lake with kayaks, boards, and boats.", "A body of water containing boats, kayaks and people."]
["it is raining and a man in a rain coat is standing outside", "A man in neon yellow that is under a umbrella.", "A man in neon safety gear holds an umbrella in the rainy city street.", "A man crosses the street on a rainy day.", "Person with an umbrella in bright day-glow green rain gear crossing a busy street in the rain."]
["Two elephants standing in grassy area with trees around.", "An adult and a baby elephant eating in the wild.", "Two elephants standing near each other in a green area", "Older elephant next to young one walking through the grass in the wild", "The two elephants are walking through the tall grass."]
["Two brown boxes are next to a suitcase.", "Two boxes that are sitting near a suitcase.", "A metal base is next to some cardboard boxes.", "A metal suitcase and a couple of boxes.", "Two cardboard boxes stack on top of each other next to a metal box."]
["a couple of elephant walk through a dust area ", "Two elephants that are standing in the dirt.", "A couple of elephants standing next to each other.", "A big elephant and a small elephant in a zoo. ", "an elephant in a zoo walsk slowly "]
["People walk out of the glass doors carrying luggage bags.", "A group of people walking down a airport walkway.", "The people are walking through the doors at the store.", "A number of people exiting an airport terminal with luggage.", "People coming through a terminal at an airport "]
["A bear foraging in the grass on a hill", "A bear walking on grass near mountains. ", "A big bear walking through an open field underneath mountains.", "A wild bear searches the ground at the foot of a mountain.", "a grizzly bear walking in the grass in front of mountains."]
["Two green duffel bags of two different designs. ", "Two pieces of luggage sitting on top of a carpeted floor.", "A laptop bag and a messenger bag on a rug.", "Two green bags on the ground side by side.", "Two duffel bags sit next to each other on the floor "]
["Five bags of luggage sitting on to of a floor.", "there re several luggage bags that are on the floor", "Five bags of luggage sit on the floor.", "Five different colored and shaped suitcases in a row.", "A row of suitcases of various colors on a tile floor."]
["two men dressed in suits covered in images of clouds under umbrellas", "Two men in suits are standing next to each other, both holding umbrellas with lights in them.", "Man and women in room wearing costumes holding umbrella's.", "Two gentlemen doing a show with umbrellas and colorful suits.", "Two people are wearing suits with clouds painted on them underneath lighted umbrellas. "]
["A large man is holding a black suitcase.", "A smiling man holding up a big piece of luggage.", "a man wearing a hat and carrying a suitcase.", "A smiling man unloads a suitcase from a truck.", "A man holding a black suit case inside a boxed truck."]
["a woman sitting at a table with a dogg in her lap", "a plate that has some food on it with a fork", "A dog is next to a person while a plate of food is on a table.", "A dog and a plate that has some food on it. ", "A dog pokes its head between a table with utensils and a plate of mostly finished food and the arm and chest of a person, probably a man, with a hand resting on his chest. "]
["Two men walking together in a parking lot with a sleeping bag, a pillow, a comforter and suitcases.", "A bunch of people carrying things in a lot.", "Your own bed pillow can make your trip more comfortable.", "Several people carrying sleeping bags and pillows walk through a parking lot.", "People carrying bags and walking through a parking lot."]
["People holding umbrellas walk down a city street in the snow.", "There are several people walking down the street holding umbrellas", "People under umbrellas walking along a sleeting city sidewalk ", "a coupe of people walk through a rain storm ", "A couple of people walking down a sidewalk holding umbrellas."]
["A group of two dogs sitting in front of two plates of food.", "Two dogs are sitting on the floor with plates of food.", "Two dogs looking to their left as their food sits on the floor.", "Two dogs in a living room turning their heads.", "Two plates of food in front of two dogs."]
["someone that is standing on top of a skateboard", "a person standing on a skate board on its side ", "A man standing on top of a skateboard.", "A person's feet on the side of an upended skateboard.", "A person stands on the side of their longboard."]
["A brown cow standing on top of a dry grass field.", "a Shetland pony  with  tennis shoes on", "Two horses legs, with sparkly colored tennis shoes on the hooves.", "A horse that is wearing a pair of fancy shoes.", "Animal with hoofs made to wear colorful pair of shoes. "]
["A bear that is latching on to a tree", "A young black bear climbing a tree in the woods.", "A small black bear relaxes atop a tree", "Bear in a tree in heavily wooded area.", "A small bear nestled in high up in a group of trees."]
["A skateboarder gaining speed going through the street. ", "A person riding a skateboard down a street.", "A ground view of a person skateboarding on the street.", "This is an interesting view of someone riding a skateboard.", "a ground view of a person standing on a skateboard"]
["A garage with the door open to show a group of people sitting in chairs and a dog.", "People hang out in a garage with a dog. ", "People and a dog hanging out in an open garage.", "A group of people are sitting in an open garage.", "A dog and some humans in a garage of some sort."]
["A skateboard going down a street with cars.", "A skateboard is going down a street with parked cars.", "A man riding a skate board down the middle of a street.", "A camera films a skateboard at high speed", "an extreme close up of the bottom of a skate board"]
["A yellow skateboard wheel touching the pavement on a sunny day", "A closeup of a skateboard wheel sits next to a shadow cast by a person standing on the skateboard", "There is a skateboard with yellow wheels on it.", "Someone is standing on the skateboard, apparent in the shadow.", "A yellow skateboard wheel on the sunny concrete."]
["A dog that is laying down on its side. ", "A dog laying on a rug in a room.", "The black dog is waiting patiently for his master.", "A dog with a curious look lying on the floor of a den.", "The black dog lies on the ground near an easy chair. "]
["A partially eaten banana face down on cement about to be stepped on by a shoe.", "A person's shoe is directly above a banana peel.", "A person stepping on top of a banana peel.", "A ripe yellow banana peel with a persons foot above it.", "A foot that is on top of a banana."]
["A dog and a girl asleep together on a sofa.", "a dog sits on a couch between two people", "A dog curled up on a couch between a sleeping girl and a boy playing computer games. ", "Two kids and a dog on a couch as one of them uses a computer.", "A dog that is laying between two people."]
["A couple of men playing a game of frisbee in a park.", "Two guys jump up to catch the spinning frisbee", "Two people running to catch a frisbee in a park.", "Two people are jumping to catch a yellow frisbee.", "two young men playing fribe in a park area "]
["A young boy picking up a frisbee in the grass", "A little baby boy playing with a frisbee in the park.", "A small child in grassy area with a yellow frisbee.", "A toddler in the park picking up a frisbee", "a very young child bending down to pick up a Frisbee"]
["A little boy is playing in the water at the beach.", "A toddler is playing on the shore of a beach.", "A child walks into a body of water.", "A young child in swimwear walking towards the water.", "A small child playing in the water at the beach"]
["A bear with a flat head stands in an enclosure. ", "A black bear standing on some rocks. ", "The huge black bear is standing on the rocks.", "A black bear in its habitat at a zoo.", "a large black bear standing next to some rocks"]
["A woman taking a picture of her rear view mirror with a dog sitting next to her.", "A woman taking a photo of a dog in the side view mirror", "A reflection in a side view mirror of a woman taking a picture.", "A woman takes a picture of herself and her dog by using her car mirror.", "A woman taking a self portrait with her black and brown dog."]
["a close up of dog with its head between a fence", "A white and brown dog stuck behind black bars.", "A dog is peeking its head through a gate.", "A little white dog looking out into a parking lot from a window.", "A dog in a enclosure with his head sticking through the bars."]
["Toy animals displayed with small trees in outdoor setting.", "Statues of zebras and a giraffe lean against a building.", "Three animal statues are standing behind some fake trees.", "statues of 2 zebras and 1 giraffe in a doorway", "Two fake zebras standing next to a fake giraffe."]
["A man walking across a grass covered park.", "A person throwing a frisbee in a park.", "Man running towards a frisbee to catch it.", "A man in red shirt playing a game with frisbee.", "Guy with shades on out playing with a frisbee"]
["A large brown dog eating food out of a box.", "A dog with its head in a Milk Bone box.", "A dog has its head inside of a dog bone box.", "A dog with his head inside a milk bone box", "A dog is investigating a box of dog biscuits."]
["Several people are running in a grassy field playing with a frisbee.", "A group of people with a Frisbee in the grass.", "Young people throw Frisbees in a park near high rise buildings.", "A person in a field full of people catching a frisbee.", "Many people are on a field playing frisbee."]
["a dog is getting petted in front of a book case", "a black dog with its owner in the library", "A person petting a dog in front of a bookshelf.", "a small dog is being pet in the house ", "A spaniel type dog being petted next to a bookshelf."]
["A woman standing next to a man while throwing a Frisbee.", "A woman tossing  a frisbee in the front yard.", "A man and a woman look at a frisbee in a park.", "A man and a woman with cowboy hats on playing a game.", "two people in a field with a tree in the background"]
["A dog is lying down in a living room", "A dog rests in front of a large armchair. ", "A dog laying on the floor in front of a green chair.", "A black and white dog laying on a rug", "The black and white dog lays on the floor in front of the chair."]
["A person playing with a dog with a frisbee.", "A dog is trying to get a frisbee out of someone's hand.", "A small dog biting into a Frisbee with its mouth.", "A small black dog with a frisbee in it's mouth.", "A black dog attempts to pick up a Frisbee with its mouth."]
["A man standing on a patch of grass near a neon frisbee.", "A man running over to the frisbe to throw it back .", "A man is going after a freebie while someone is lying down next to a bicycle reading the newspapers on the lawn  in front of a house.", "A young man standing next to a frisbee in the grass.", "A man outside lurching toward a yellow frisbee "]
["A person is in the grass holding a frisbee.", "The man is in the park playing with a frisbie.", "A young person with a disc in a big grassy field.", "A guy in a park looking up at a Frisbee.", "a person in a field playing with a frisbee"]
["Several zebras in an open area during a not so sunny day.", "A group of zebra in tall grass with mountain in background.", "A herd of zebras grazing in a field with high weeds.", "A group of zebra standing in the tall grass.", "A herd of zebra grazing on a dry grass field."]
["A lot of zebras in the grass grazing and one zebra just looking.", "Field of zebra's eating grass, and drinking water.", "some zebras in a field of grass and some water", "A herd of zebras are grazing near a large body of water.", "Zebras grazing in a meadow on the edge of the water"]
["A man winding up to throw a frisbee in the park", "A man is playing frisbee outside in the shade.", "The man is poised to throw a Frisbee across the park.", "A man is winding up to throw a frisbee.", "A man has a Frisbee and he is about to throw it."]
["Two zebras walking away under the shade of a tree.", "Two zebras are nudging each other near the neck. ", "The two zebras are walking away from the camera.", "Two zebras standing together on a gravel area in front of a stone wall.", "Two zebras walking through the dirt in their enclosure"]
["a couple of zebras are standing in a field", "A group of zebras stand in a rocky field.", "A herd of zebras are standing in an open field.", "A bunch of zebras grazing in some grass.", "A lot of zebras are walking around on a grass field."]
["A zebra standing next to a rock covered hillside.", "A zebra is looking at something behind hiim", "A zebra staring back at its hind legs in the wild.", "A close up of a zebra with its head turned.", "There is a little zebra turning his head."]
["Three zebras standing near each other in a penned in area.", "A mother and two smaller zebras  standing in the dirt", "A family of zebras standing together at a zoo.", "little zebras standing with a bigger one by a fence", "A group of zebra in a dirt area by a fence."]
["A picture of some animals eating some grass.", "A herd of zebras grazing in a pile of straw.", "a group of zebras grazing the grass in a an enclosure", "SEVERAL ZEBRAS IN AN ENCLOSED AREA, GRAZING AND DRINKING", "Several zebras feeding on hay in a gated enclosure"]
["A herd of zebra standing next to each other drinking from a river.", "A group of zebras all drinking from a stream", "A herd of zebras drink water at a hole", "Eight zebras are in the water drinking water together.", "eight zebras are standing in and drinking some water"]
["a person riding a horse jumping over an obstacle ", "Horse and rider jumping rails during outdoor event.", "Man jumping a horse over a competitive horse jumping run.", "A man riding on the back of a brown horse.", "an esquestrian obsticle designed to look like a zebra"]
["A zebra standing on the grass holding its head near the ground.", "A zebra grazes on spotty grass inside an enclosure.", "a zebra is eating grass in a stable", "A zebra grazing on grass and dirt in the sun. ", "The adult zebra has shades of brown in it's stripes."]
["a man with a horse is standing near two people on a porch", "The drawing depicts a man with a horse and two people on the porch. ", "An old picture of a man holding a horse near a old time store front.", "A brick wall painted with a detailed mural of a country scene.", "people from the western days with a man and his horse"]
["Two zebras lower their heads to the ground to graze.", "The two zebras are eating in line with one another. ", "Two zebras are grazing on skimpy dried up grass.", "Two zebras grazing off bits of grass in a field of dirt.", "Two zebras are attempting to graze in a dirt and gravel area."]
["A very tall building with people walking around below it.", "A old picture of a building with many people out front", "a number of people walking on a street near a building", "Photo of an outside place that is incredibly dazzling. \n", "A bunch of people that are standing near a building."]
["Horses walk along a beach while boats ride at their moorings offshore.", "some people riding horses on some sand and some boats and water", "A group of people riding horses on a beach.", "Some people are riding horses along a shoreline.", "A group of people riding horses on top of a sandy beach."]
["Three zebras gathered together in a field looking at something.", "THREE ZEBRAS IN AN OPEN FIELD POSING FOR THE CAMERA", "A trio of Zebras looking at the camera.", "Three zebras looking onward in a field of tall grass.", "Three zebras are on the look out in the grasslands"]
["four zebras in a field with a tree in the background", "A small group of zebras are in a field.", "four zebras standing in a straw field next to shrubbery.", "A group of zebras stand around on a grassy plain.", "Four Zebras in the Savannah grazing with hills nearby."]
["A child on a horse riding down a busy city street.", "A crowd is shown walking on the street.", "A girl on a horse in the street. ", "People are gathered around for a special event\n", "A small girl rides a horse through a crowded street."]
["A horse grazes on a hill in a green field.", "a small brown pony eating grass next to bushes", "a horse that is eating some grass and flowers", "A black pony grazing on a grassy hillside.", "A small horse bending down to eat the grass."]
["A large brown horse eating a glob of leaves.", "Long-haired horse eating green plants in the woods.", "Large canyon surrounded by a series of trees. ", "a brown and black horse with long hair standing by some bushes and trees", "A horse is grazing on a small shrub."]
["A small brown horse standing  on a hilltop", "The black horse is standing on the top of the hill", "A black animal standing on a grassy hill.", "The large black horse is seen through the leaves of a tree.", "Black horse on a hill gazing off to the right."]
["A man plowing a field with work horses.", "A man is sitting on farming equipment pulled by horses.", "A farmer rides a plow moved by two horses.", "two big horses are pulling a tractor with a man ", "A man is plowing a field with two horses."]
["Two black and white Clydesdale horses in a field. ", "Two horses are hitched together to pull a tool", "Two clydsdale horses being trained by a man and a woman.", "A man and woman with two Clydesdale horses. ", "Two side by side horses walking with two people."]
["Two ponies are running through a grassy field. ", "Two horses standing on top of a lush green field.", "Two horses running through the grassy field outdoors.", "Two horses that are standing in the grass.", "Two cows running in a field in a grassy area. "]
["A horse and a pony trot in their gated field.", "Two brown horses trotting down a green field.", "two horses running in a green  grassy field", "two horses in a field behind a fence", "two horses walking in field with gate in background"]
["A small fat horse is walking on the grass.", "The small horse is standing all alone on the grassy field. ", "Small horse walking near shrubs on grassy area.", "a miniature horse jogging in a pasture watching ", "A short legged horse walks through a grassy field."]
["A white pony with black speckles grazing in a field.", "A white horse eating grass in an open field.", "a number of horses in a field with a sky background", "A white horse eating grass in a field. ", "A white horse with black spots leaning down to eat grass."]
["A person riding on a horse while jumping it over an obstacle.", "A person rides a horse and jumps over a rail. ", "A horse and rider jumping during a show.", "A person sitting on a horse while its jumping. ", "a rider on a horse jumping a hurdle "]
["A person on a horse jumping over some poles.", "A person is riding a horse over a fence near zebras.", "Black and white photograph of a person jumping a horse over a barrier.", "a person on a horse wearing white pants is doing a jump", "The woman is riding her horse threw the course. "]
["A black and white photo of a person riding a horse jumping over obstacles. ", "A person jumping a horse over an obstacle.", "Zebra themed jumping rails with horse and rider performing.", "A black and white photo of a person jumping on a horse.", "A horse and rider jumping a gate during a ride."]
["the woman prepares her horse for a jumping competition", "a jockey is seen riding his horse on a grass field ", "A woman riding a brown horse in a green field. ", "A man that is sitting on top of a horse.", "A woman in jockey gear riding a horse through a field."]
["Two baby horses playing together in a field", "A white horse standing next to a brown horse on a field.", "a little horse standing next to a big horse ", "A MOTHER AND A BABY PONY EMBRACING ONE ANOTHER", "An adult and young horse interacting in a field of grass."]
["Many people riding horses about to do battle", "Some men on horses have long thin poles.", "A black and white image of men dressed in chain mail riding horses. ", "There are some people riding the hose in the old days.", "A group of men riding on the back of horses."]
["a mamma horse and her baby standing in a field of grass", "A colt is standing by another horse in a pasture.", "A large brown adult horse next to a young horse.", "A calf leaning on an adult horse in a pasture.", "a baby horse stands next to an adult horse "]
["People watch a horse and carriage ride by them. ", "People in old fashioned outfits watching a parade.", "People wearing old Western-styled dress stand aside the road as a horse-drawn carriage in a parade passes by. ", "People in old-fashioned clothing watch a horse and carriage. ", "The people in old fashioned costumes are watching the horse and buggy."]
["a man is sitting on a large horse", "A person is preparing to ride a horse.", "People stand facing a person sitting on a horse.", "Photograph of competing horse and rider, tagged with URL.", "A man helping a lady onto a horse with another lady watching."]
["there is a horse and a jockey jumping over a obstacle ", "A woman jumping a horse over an obstacle.", "An athlete is guiding a horse over an obstacle.", "A woman who is on the back of a horse in the air.", "An English rider on a horse jumping over a fence."]
["A group of people on horses on a field.", "Four people are riding show horses at track.", "A group of people in yellow shirts on horses.", "Equestrian riders on grassy field during outdoor event.", "Women and men racers riding on back of horses"]
["a couple of horses with a man standing on top", "A carriage drawn by Clydesdales is driven by men in top hats and fancy coats. ", "A man is standing on a carriage pulled by four ponies.", "People with top hats on top of horses while people watch.", "Two large brown horses pulling a cart with people on it. "]
["A jockey sitting on the back of a horse", "A man riding a horse next to another man on a horse.", "People playing polo on the back of horses.", "Horse and helmeted jockey coming toward the camera.", "A stock photo shows horses and their riders"]
["A man jumping a horse over an obstacle.", "A jockey jumping a horse over an obstacle.  ", "A horse and rider jump over an obstacle. ", "A woman jumping a horse over an obstacle on a course.", "The horse is being raced over the course outside. "]
["A man jumping a horse over a blue rail.", "A female jockey jumping a horse over a jump.", "A person riding a horse as it jumps a barrier in a course.", "A person riding a horse jumping over and obstacle.", "A rider atop a brown horse leaping a show gate."]
["A brown horse being jumped over a fence rail in a competition.", "The woman on the horse is racing the course. ", "A woman in grey shirt riding a brown horse over a barrier.", "Horse and rider jumping a fence during a competition. ", "a horse rider on a brown horse jumping a hurdle "]
["A woman jumping a brown horse over a jump in a field.", "a jockey riding a horse jumping an obstacle", "A jockey riding a horse jumping a hurdle", "Equestrian jumping a horse over a rail with spectators looking on.", "A rider jumping a show horse over a pole."]
["Woman riding a horse over a large jump on a running track.", "A lady riding a brown horse over an obstacle.", "A person is riding a horse over a gate.", "The woman is riding her horse threw the course.", "Woman jumping an obstacle on back of horse. "]
["A person on a horse jumping over a rail.", "A woman riding a horse jumping it over obstacles.", "A woman on a horse jumping over a pole", "a person riding a horse jumping over an obstacle ", "A young female equestrian jumps a hurdle on her horse. "]
["A rider on a horse in a green field.", "A person is riding on a horse in a field.", "a small child riding a horse in the grassy field", "A woman walking a horse in a grassy field.", "A man that is sitting on the back of a horse."]
["The girl is riding her show horse around the course. ", "Woman riding a horse on an outdoor track.", "a girl in riding gear riding a gray horse", "Shows a professional photo with watermarks of  a horse and jockey.", "A woman in a red jacket riding a dapple gray horse."]
["A man riding on the back of a brown horse.", "A person on a horse jumping a set of rails.", "A person on brown horse jumping it over a barrier.", "A jockey rides a horse as he jumps over an obstacle. ", "An equestrian riding a brown horse during a horse show"]
["A person riding a brown horse through a green pasture.", "A woman is riding a train horse at a show", "Female equestrian taking a show horse through its paces.", "woman in horse competition riding outside competing ", "A girl on a horse riding around the practice course."]
["A girl riding a horse is jumping the log.", "The man is on the horse and is racing to jump over the barrier. ", "a person riding a horse jumping over a wooden obstacle ", "A person riding a brown horse jumping it over an obstacle.", "A professional horse rider jumps a horse over a log obstacle."]
["An equestrian is guiding a horse around the grass field.", "A woman riding a trotting horse through a course", "A woman in a formal outfit rides a horse.", "A horse being ridden in the middle of the grass.", "a woman is riding a horse in a field"]
["Two horses grazing on grass in the mountains.", "A large horse eating grass next to a significantly smaller horse.", "A roan mare with her dark filly grazing on a hillside.", "A pair of horses stand and graze in a field.", "One horse watches as another grazes in the grass."]
["A man jumping a brown horse over an obstacle.", "An equestrian jumps a horse over a rail in an indoor arena.", "A young girl riding a horse jumping a hurdle", "a woman on a brown horse riding in a stable", "The horse is practicing jumping over hurdles with the trainer."]
["A person wearing a red shirt and black pants is guiding a gray horse over a jump.", "A horse jumping over a hurdle with a girl.", "A woman jumping a horse over a pipe.", "a woman in a red top riding a horse thats jumping a fence", "A horse doing a jump over an obstacle."]
["A group of farmers get ready to load their horses with supplies.", "A black and white photo of a couple men and their horses.", "Group of men in black and white with a group of cart pulling horses.", "Two old fashioned plows each with two horses hooked up to it", "An old black and white photo of men with teams of horses. "]
["some brown black and white horses in their pen and some water", "Four horses are skattered around a small water hole.", "A group of horses stand by a water hole.", "Four horses in a muddy paddock beside a dilapidated stable.", "several horses all brown in a muddy pen"]
["A brown horse poses on a very green grassy field.", "An adult horse stands in the field for the picture", "This dark colored horse is looking at the camera.", "A horse standing on a flat grass field.", "A brown horse standing on top of a green field."]
["A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "Several people on skis either standing, walking or skiing down the slope. ", "Several skiers ski down a snowy ski run. ", "a person riding skis down a snowy slope", "some people are snowboarding outside on a slope"]
["A New York Yankees player swings at a pitch", "a baseball player taking a swing at a ball.", "A baseball player hits the ball as the crowd watches", "Player taking swing at pitch during major baseball event.", "During a game, a baseball player has just swung his bat."]
["An arrangement of a fruit skin and flowers is displayed.", "a cluster of blue flowers inside an orange peel", "an orange with a heart shape cut out of it", "Violet flowers fill a heart-shaped hole in an orange peel.", "An orange filed with purple flowers and a heart shape cut."]
["Closeup of various oranges and bananas in pile.", "Several oranges are laying under a few bananas.", "A bunch of bananas on top of oranges.", "There are a lot of bananas and oranges.", "A pile of oranges sitting under a pile of bananas."]
["A made bed in a room with the lights left on.", "A room with a bed, two bedside tables, and lamps. ", "Queen size bed with grey and beige linens in a room with wood flooring.", "a bed room with a neatly made bed and two lamps ", "A bed in a clean bedroom is pictured."]
["Piles of  fruit sitting inside of a farmers market.", "A street side fruit market with assorted fruits.", "A vegetable and fruit stand on display at the market", "Large variety of fruits and vegetables on display at a market. ", "A row of stacked produce in a shop."]
["Factory where bananas are being prepared for market", "a banana factory with workers all around. ", "Workers are collecting bananas from large water baths.", "A group of workers washing and cleaning fruits and vegetables.", "Workers inside an open building sorting bananas on tables."]
["A person on a snow ski slope with skis on.", "A group of skiers gathered on the ski slope getting ready to ski.", "a male snow skier in a black jacket  and some other people", "A man is apart of a skiing competition on a snowy day.", "A man poses for a picture on a snowy mountain on skis."]
["A delicious banana and peanut butter sandwich is on display.", "A banana and peanut butter sandwich on a plate.", "A piece of bread with peanut butter on it and bananas cut and made to look like a face.", "Bananas arranged into a face on a piece of toast with peanut butter.", "A plate holding bananas and peanut butter on a slice of bread. "]
["A baseball player throwing a pitch wearing a glove.", "A male getting ready to throw a pitch at a baseball game.", "A baseball player pitching a ball on top of a field.", "A baseball player holding a ball in one hand.", "A boy in a uniform and yellow cap throwing a baseball. "]
["A bunch of green bananas hanging from a banana tree.", "A bunch of unripe green bananas hanging from a tree.", "Bananas are growing on a banana tree in a green area.", "Large bunch of bananas hanging from tree in a jungle.", "A large Banana tree on an island near the beach. "]
["A baseball batter up to plate about to hit the ball.", "A baseball player swinging a bat at a ball", "a baseball player swinging a bat at a ball", "A baseball player swinging a baseball bat at a baseball.", "A baseball game with a left handed batter swinging at a pitch and the catcher and umpire behind him."]
["A group of men standing on top of a baseball field playing a game of baseball.", "Group of baseball players playing in a game with people watching them. ", "A baseball team playing ball on a baseball diamond. ", "A baseball game on a sunny day ", "A group of men on a field playing baseball."]
["A bunch of red apples next to a few oranges.", "A large display of fresh fruits Apples, oranges and mellon.", "Fresh fruits are being sold in the store.", "A pile of fruit  on a large display.", "a bunch of apples and oranges with prices beside them. "]
["A glass plate topped with a piece of cake.", "A fork laying on a glass plate next to a half eaten slice of cake.", "Silver fork next to a piece of cake on a clear plate.", "The dessert is on a glass plate with a fork.", "A large slice of cheesecake on a glass plate with a fork."]
["A different variety of foods in plastic bags.", "Some bananas in a bag and corn on a table", "A table has bananas and corn and other items in plastic bags on it.", "A variety of ingredients in plastic baggies on a table clothe.", "A table topped with ripe bananas and other piles of food."]
["A baseball game is in progress in a stadium.", "A baseball player is at the plate while his teammate looks on.", "A baseball game in progress at a huge stadium.", "A batter begins to drop a bat during a baseball game.", "This is a baseball player getting ready to run and a stadium with half the seats full."]
["A man holding a baseball bat during a baseball game.", "Professional baseball game being watched by a crowd", "A baseball player getting ready to hit the ball.", "A player batting at a baseball game with lots of spectators.", "A baseball player at bat in a crowded stadium."]
["Bananas in a saucepan cooking in simmering caramel.", "A shiny metal pan filled with some bananas and brown sauce.", "a pan that has some bananas in a pan", "A bunch of sliced bananas in a plate full of liquid", "A pan filled with bananas cooking on a sauce."]
["three pieces of art made in white with gold details.", "there are three different plates with decorations on it", "This picture looks like three circular beige pastries.", "Most of the picture can not be seen.", "three circular object laying on their side with a section sliced out"]
["Mixed group of vegetables sitting on a counter top.", "A table filled with assorted  green and red vegetables.", "a tray full of assorted vegetables and a small package of meat", "A bunch of fresh vegetables are sitting on a counter", "Assortment of different vegetables piled onto a table."]
["A rear view of a snow boarder and a skier going down a snowy mountain.  ", "there is one person on skis and another person on a snowboard", "A snow boarder and a skier on a flat area of snow", "A couple of people on skis and a snowboard.", "A couple of people riding skis and a snowboard."]
["People are walking through the snow holding skis.", "Skiers walking on snowy road, carrying their gear.", "The two people are walking in the snow with their ski equipment.", "A snowboarder and skier trekking home after a day in the snow.", "Two people walk on the road in a snow-capped area"]
["The pitcher throws the ball as the batter waits to swing while the catcher and umpire watch.", "A baseball player holding a bat next to a  white base.", "A pitcher throws a baseball to a waiting batter, catcher and umpire at a park.", "A pitcher throws the ball and the batter swings during a baseball game.", "The players are involved in a very intense game."]
["A white plate with rice and vegetables with wooden chop sticks.", "A white plate with food and chopsticks on it", "A plate has rice and vegetables with chopsticks as utensils.", "A pair of chopsticks sit on a plate next to rice and vegetables.", "Chop sticks sit on a plate with steamed vegetables and rice."]
["A farmers marked filled with lots of  fresh produce.", "A produce stand with several fruits including bananas and oragnes.", "A produce stand with a variety of fruits and nuts on display.", "Banana at Foodworks are selling for $14.99 per pound.", "Oranges are on display near a banana on a scale. "]
["a bunch of people posing for a picture", "A group of people are higging for a photo.", "A group of people laying on top of each other and posing.", "A group of teenagers poses for a picture together.", "Group of people laying down next to each other on top of the bed. "]
["A young man wearing a baseball uniform on top of a field.", "A New York Yankees player stands on the ball field", "a man that is walking around on a baseball field", "A baseball player wearing sunglasses and a New York Yankees hat standing in a baseball field.", "There is a player standing in the infield at a baseball field."]
["two people in a kitchen making food on a table ", "A mother and son make sundaes in the kitchen.", "Two people are at the counter making ice cream sundaes.", "A woman and a younger boy preparing food in a kitchen.", "A woman and child are in the kitchen eating food."]
["A cutting board topped with vegetables and a jar.", "a plate that has some kind of food on it", "A cutting board with several kinds of chopped up vegetables on it.", "An arrangement of cut vegetables on a cutting board.", "Multiple chopped up vegetables with seasoning in a jar ready to cooking."]
["Green,orange,and red vegetables in bowls and bags. ", "Bags and baskets filled with fruits and vegetables.", "Fruits and vegetables are in bags on the counter", "A table with broccoli, peas, carrots and strawberries on it. ", "A variety of vegetables on a table "]
["Two baskets of strawberries, cucumbers, broccoli, carrots and potatoes gathered togethered.", "Several containers of fruits and vegetables sitting on a table.", "The box of various vegetables are next to a couple of baskets of strawberries. ", "An arrangement of strawberries and vegetables on display.", "Fruits and vegetables are sitting on a table."]
["A carton of brown eggs sits amid fresh produce", "a bunch of different foods are set out on a a table", "A table is covered with fresh produce, fruits and eggs. ", "a table full of fruits, vegetables, and egss", "Various fruits and vegetables are on the table."]
["Why would anyone use a portable light to shine on a banana?", "A yellow banana sitting on top of a table.", "Banana connected to plastic device shown producing electricity.", "The banana is next to a blue device with a clear wire.", "An over ripe banana attached to a light by a clip."]
["A pan with a pastry covered in meat and veggies.", "A piece of dough on a cookie sheet filled with broccoli and sauce.", "A big metal pan with some food items in it.", "Vegetables and sauce sit in a pastry sheet on a pan. ", "Large rectangular dough being topped with vegetable and sauce prior to baking."]
["A pan of mini vegetables is being cooked on a stove.", "A cooking pot with stir fried vegetables in a brown liquid.", "A wok is full of vegetables in a brown sauce.", "a pan that has a bunch of food on his stove", "Some vegetables that are cooking in a pan."]
["A lot of plants, there tops green and stalks are brown.", "A large banana tree that has green colored bunches of bananas on it along with various branches. ", "There is a tree with bananas in it.", "Bunches of green bananas hanging among several bare tree branches. ", "A bunch of bananas that are in a tree."]
["A young boy swinging a baseball bat towards  a ball.", "The little boy is hitting the baseball during the game.", "a couple of kids are playing a baseball game", "A boy is hitting a baseball during a baseball game. ", "A young baseball player swings his bat at the incoming pitch."]
["A group of skiers adjusts their gear during a heavy snow.", "Several skiers standing outside a large wooden cabin.", "A group of skiers getting their gear together.", "A group of skiers on a very blustery day ", "A group of skiers standing in snow near a cabin."]
["A skateboarder leans while going down the street", "A skateboarder rides a skate board on the street", "A skateboarder is riding along on two wheels.", "A pair of feet standing on a tilting skateboard.", "A young man in a pair of jeans doing skateboard tricks."]
["A man riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp.", "A man doing a trick on a skateboard at a skatepark.", "A skateboarder grabs his skateboard during a stunt in a long half pipe.", "a person jumping in the air while standing on a skateboard in a skate park.", "A young man with a snowboard while a crowd looks on"]
["A person on a skateboard on the street.", "a person riding a skate board on two wheels", "A person is on a skate board in the road.", "A man riding a skateboard on top of a street.", "A person using a skateboard on the street."]
["A young boy riding a skateboard up a wooden ramp.", "a couple of boys at a skateboard rink attempting tricks", "Young boys are by a skateboard bowl on the edge.", "a kid is about to skateboard down a steep incline", "A kid about to ride his skateboard down a pool."]
["A skier makes a jump on a very steep hill.", "A person wearing a red snow suit skiing down a steep slope.", "a person in skis rides down a snowy hill ", "A MAN IN A RED SKI SUIT DOING A JUMP IN THE SNOW ", "A person with a backpack and snow suit, jumping from a high snow powdered cliff and in the air."]
["a snow skier in full gear coming down a mountain", "Snow skier on powdered ski slope in alpine area.", "A skier coming over the crest of a hill while holding ski poles and wearing a helmet and goggles", "a person in a jacket skiing down a hill ", "The snow skier is racing down the snowy mountain."]
["A man riding a skateboard down the middle of a street.", "A person rides on a skateboard down the street.", "Bottom half of a person on a skateboard with sky in background. ", "A man on a skateboard riding in the street. ", "A man's legs standing on a skateboard on a road"]
["A man riding a skateboard down a street.", "A close up view of a man's legs and feet on a skateboard.", "A person in sneakers is riding a skateboard.", "Someone riding a skateboard on pavement on a sunny day.", "A pair of legs are shown on a skateboard on a street."]
["A small bowl of broccoli and some toast.", "A white bowl of soup containing broccoli is near some French bread.", "Closeup of bowl of soup and pieces of bread.", "A bowl of broccoli and toasted bread on the side.", "a bowl of broccoli soup and some pieced of toast"]
["A young man riding on top of a skateboard.", "A little boy is standing on a skate board as he skates along a path.", "A very small boy playing with a skate board.", "there is a young boy that is riding a skateboard", "A young child skateboarding on a paved walkway."]
["A group of women are smiling while toasting with wine glasses.", "a group of women with champagne glasses cheering one another.", "A group of women toasting with wine glasses.", "A group of ladies are having a toast with champagne.", "A group of women holding champagne flutes together."]
["A boy on an off road skateboard coming down a green grass hill with trees behind him.", "A man riding a all terrain skateboard down a small hill.", "there is a man riding a skateboard in the grass", "The young person is skateboarding down a grassy hill.", "A boy riding a skateboard with large wheels down a grassy hill."]
["A bowl full of broccoli and tomatoes being cooked. ", "A pot full of vegetables is sitting on a table.", "A round plate of broccoli and some other vegetables.", "A metal stir fry pan holds broccoli and carrots.", "A bowl filled with broccoli and lots of other vegetables."]
["Two trays hold fruit, vegetables, cheese and cookies.", "Two blue boxes full of different types of food.", "A very tasty looking bento lunch sitting on a table.", "Two containers with different types of food in them", "Tupperware full of vegetables, cheese, and dried fruit."]
["Lunch pails packed with healthy and unique foods", "A interesting variety of foods in containers for lunch.", "A box lunch with sushi, fruit and drink.", "A child's meal in plastic containers with a few side items.", "containers with fruit, candy and pastries in them."]
["A woman holding a piece of fruit and a bag.", "A woman posing in front of a batch of apples.", "A woman who is holding an apple in her hand.", "A woman holding a back next to boxes of fruit.", "A woman picking out apples from a farmers market."]
["A large sandwich filled with meat on a plate.", "A reuben sandwich with cheese melting down it and a bitten pickle.", "Large meat sandwich with sour kraut on white plate.", "A toasted sandwich with a tall pile of red meat in it.", "A thick sandwich on a plate with a fork and a pickle."]
["Man in blue hat and black shirt grinding on a skateboard.", "The sun shines brightly as a skateboarder is jumping up.", "He is skateboarding down the wall at the skateboard park.", "an image of a boy on a skateboard that is doing tricks", "A man skates down a ramp painted with graffiti."]
["A boy does a skateboard trick in front of street art.", "A boy executes a trick on his skateboard.", "A man riding a skateboard into the air.", "a boy on a skate board jumping in to the air", "A person and skateboard in the air in an indoor area with posts and graffiti."]
["A sandwich filled with meat with a knife sticking out of it.", "A picture of a large sandwich sitting on a cutting board.", "A knife stuck through a hamburger bun. ", "A hamburger sitting on a table with a knife stuck in the top of it.", "A burger is pierced with a knife on a cutting board."]
["the carrots are laying next to a plate", "a plate of food with some carrots next to it", "A picture of a bunch of carrots and a plate of foreign food.  ", "A ARRAY OF DIFFERENT VEGETABLES ON A BED OF HAY ", "Light and dark orange carrots next to a plate."]
["A young man is sitting down with his skateboard. ", "a fisheye lens photograph of a man sitting in a chair holding a skateboard.", "A man sitting in a chair fixing a skateboard.", "A man sitting on a chair holding up a  skateboard.", "A man working on a skateboard in a kitchen."]
["A man riding a skateboard next to a yellow building.", "A skateboarder balances on his skateboard, then balances on the board at the edge of a low wall.", "A man performing skateboard tricks on the street.", "A person is on a skateboard performing tricks off a wall.", "A man riding on a skateboard down a side walk."]
["A man doing tricks on a skateboard with onlookers watching", "A man riding a skate board up a wooden ramp.", "a skater shredding the gnar in a comp", "A guy skateboarding indoors in front of a crowd of people.", "A skateboarder is doing a trick in the air"]
["a person jumping a skate board in the air", "A skateboarder doing a stunt in front of a crowd of people.", "The young man is riding his skateboard at the event. ", "A man in black shirt doing a trick on a skateboard.", "A person doing tricks on a skateboard while people watch from the stand."]
["A man skateboards on the rim of a skate pipe in front of a crowd. ", "A boy riding a skateboard while a crowd watches.", "Young man performing skateboarding tricks in front of a crowd.", "A man riding down a wooden skateboard ramp.", "A professional skateboarder prepares to ascend a half-pipe"]
["A man in grey shirt doing a trick on skateboard.", "a man doing a jump with his skateboard at a competition ", "The man is doing skateboard tricks in front of an audience.", "An audience watches a skateboarder jump during competition.", "A man is doing a skateboard trick in front of a crowd."]
["A young woman in makeup is holding a sandwich.", "A girl posing for the camera while holding a sandwich.", "a close up of a person in the kitchen holding a sandwich", "A goth girl holds out a sandwich in a kitchen area.", "A girl holding a sandwich wrapped in paper."]
["A teenager on a blue skateboard has his arm in the air.", "A skateboarder giving a thumbs up at a skatepark.", "A guy on a skateboard at a skate park.", "A woman on a skateboard doing a trick.", "A young man on his skateboard at a skate park"]
["A boy in a white shirt does a skate board jump.", "A boy is in the air as he does a trick on a skateboard.", "A man in the street jumping on a skateboard.", "A young boy riding on a skate board.", "A boy is doing a trick on his skateboard on the street."]
["a person riding a skateboard at a skate park", "a person skating on a skateboard at night.", "A bearded skateboarder rolls down a slope at night", "A guy on a skateboard skating down a ramp.", "A man rides on a skateboard at night time. "]
["A young person riding a skateboard in an empty water channel.", "A group of people riding skateboards in the park", "A person is standing alongside a deep pathway through a meadow with trees.", "There are some people standing by a stone skate path", "an image of kids on skateboards doing tricks"]
["A person that is doing a skateboard trick.", "A skateboarder performing a trick on a ramp. ", "A man in sunglasses doing tricks on his skateboard.", "A skate boarder rises on the crest of a concrete wall", "A man in grey shirt riding a skateboard on a ramp."]
["A woman flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "A person on skateboard in a parking ramp looking area.", "A person doing tricks on a skateboard near a railing that runs next to a road.", "A young person on a skate board in the air near a rail.", "A young man is trying to pull off a high risk skateboard trick."]
["A person riding a skateboard down a metal railing.", "The skateboarder might be in trouble on the thin railing.", "A man on a skateboard performs a trick on the stair rail.", "a person riding a skate board grinding down a rail", "Skateboarder going down the side of a rail in a city. "]
["A man doing a trick on a wall with a skateboard.", "A person grinds a skateboard on a tall stone obstacle.", "A guy riding a skateboard late at night.", "an image of a man that is doing skateboard tricks", "a person jumping a skate board in the air"]
["an image of  plate with food on it", "A nicely arranged plate of food with meat, carrots and a roll.", "Meat, carrots, and a roll sit on a small white plate.", "white plate with meal of carrots, roll and a meat", "A plate full of snacks kept on the table mat."]
["a kid riding his skate board on the edge of a concrete wall", "A man on a skateboard performs a trick on the ledge", "A skateboarder doing a stunt off of a sidewalk planter ", "a man that is jumping a skateboard outside", "A man on a skateboard performs tricks on the edge of a sidewalk planter."]
["A skateboarder performs a stunt jump off a concrete structure. ", "A man is riding a skateboard on the street.", "A person in white shirt doing a trick on a skateboard.", "A person jumping on a skateboard near a building.", "A skateboarder jumps high as he performs a skateboarding stunt on a sidewalk"]
["A skier is taking a turn while surrounded by snowy hills.", "A person is skiing down a snow-covered hill.", "A person is snow skiing with poles and goggles.", "A skier in a yellow coat going down the slope", "A person with a yellow jacket is skiing "]
["A man riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.", "a person riding skis on a snowy slope", "Action shot of skier in yellow jacket coming down hill.", "A man in yellow is snowboarding down a hill", "A person on some skis in the snow."]
["a snow skier and lots of trees on a sunny day", "Skier on a hill overlooking a pine forest.", "A person poses wearing skis on a snowy area with trees in the background.", "A skier is posing in front of the sunset. ", "A woman with ski equipment on a snowy mountain."]
["A down hill skier riding down a snow covered slope", "An Olympic skier heading down the slopes avoiding obstacles.", "A skier is going down a hill between signs.", "A skier skiing downhill at an Olympic event.", "An alpine skier passing a flag on the slope."]
["A skier on a downhill slope, with a ski resort in the distance.", "A person that is snow skiing down a hill.", "A person on skis on a mountain overlooking a town.", "A skier going down a large hill towards a town.", "Skiing by a large resort in Europe is very pleasurable"]
["See-through Boy skateboards over orange partition at dusk", "A skateboarder who is jumping over a barricade. ", "a skat boarder that is jumping over some kind of wall", "A holographic person jumping over a horse with a skateboard. ", "a shadowy looking man jumping over a ramp "]
["A woman walking across a street in short shorts.", "A boy and girl teenager walk down a city street.", "A woman walking next to a male with a skateboard near a large crowd.", "A girl walks on the side of a crowded street.", "A girl with a backpack walks through a crowded street.  "]
["A skateboarder practicing a jump at night under lights", "a guy on a skate board jumping over a red crate ", "Dude jumps in the air doing trick with his skateboard", "The man on the skateboard jumps over the frame. ", "Young dark-haired male skateboarder coming off a ramp and airborne at nighttime under lights.  "]
["a boy jumping his skateboard over a red box", "A person with a skateboard is jumping over a red object. ", "The young man is practicing his moves on his skateboard. ", "The skater is attempting a very tricky manuever.", "A man that is jumping over an object on a skateboard."]
["a male skateboarder in a black shirt is doing a trick", "A man flying through the air over steps.", "a man that is skateboarding on a stariway", "A man jumping some stairs on his skateboard.", "A man doing a jumping trick off the top of a stone type staircase outdoors and the skateboard flipping over underneath him."]
["A young man riding a skateboard down a metal hand rail.", "A person is skating down a railing outside.", "an image of a split screen going down the ramp", "Two pictures next to each other of a skate boarder going down a bannister.", "Two pictures show a skateboarder riding down the hand rail of some stairs."]
["A skateboarder doing tricks by a statue at night", "A man riding a skateboard off of brick steps.", "A skateboarder is jumping over some steps at night.", "A person jumping a skateboard over the stairs of a statue.", "a person jumping a skate board in the air"]
["Two skateboarders performing a trick on a ramp.", "A man riding a skateboard down a ramp.", "Two people about to colide with each other on a skateboard ramp.", "Two skateboarders are on a cement sloping structure.", "Four mean at a skate park during the day. "]
["A man doing a tail slide on a rail", "A person riding a skateboard grinds on a rail.", "a man is grinding a pole on a skateboard", "A person who is on a skateboard and doing a trick.", "a girl that is riding a skateboard down a rail"]
["A sliced cake on a dining table with a knife next to it", "A half a cake sitting next to a large knife.", "Cake that has had large chunk cut out of it", "A chocolate cake next to a cutting knife.", "Left over pieces of chocolate cake and a cutting knife."]
["A woman is cutting into a cake with a large knife.", "A woman about to stab a cake with a big knife.", "A woman is holding a knife above a large cake.", "A woman that looks like she is going to stab a  cake", "The bride has a knife to cut the cake."]
["A man grinds a rail on his skateboard.", "Skateboarder with an elongated shadow at an outdoor skate park.", "A man doing a trick on a skateboard by a ramp.", "A person skateboarding on the rim of a table", "A person doing a tail slide on a rail in a skate park."]
["A few people on skis standing on a snowy trail.", "Group of people on skies going through snowy woods.", "A group of people that are in the snow on skis.", "Three women cross country ski in the woods.", "A bunch of people are cross country skiing in some woods."]
["A woman carrying two skis and a couple of poles.", "Competitive cross country skier standing in front of sign.", "A person is standing in front of a camera and ready for a game. ", "The woman smiles brightly holding her skis and ski poles.", "A women who is standing holding some snow skis."]
["two people a black backpack snow and mountains", "A guy with googles holds his hand up.", "two people wearing coats and goggles on a snowy surface ", "Two men sit on a snowy slope in the mountains. ", "a couple of of young men standing on top of a snow covered slope."]
["A man is skiing and hiking in the snow. ", "A man is skiing outdoors on a sunny day.", "a man in black and blue  cross country skiing", "A man on skis on the ski slopes ", "There is a man on skis in the snow."]
["Two bento boxes with a variety of healthy foods.", "Two containers are shown packed with meat, cheese, and vegies.", "A red box with several pieces of food inside of it.", "Two red trays of food that includes carrots, grapes and meat.", "A lunch box with grapes, cashews, carrots, vegetables, cheese, and meat"]
["A person wearing a helmet on a skateboard.", "A man riding a skateboard down a wooden walkway.", "A skateboarder jumps off the end of a high ramp on his board.", "there is a skateboarder that has rode down a ramp", "a man that is doing a trick on his skateboard"]
["A pot of water has carrots in it.", "appears to be carrots boiling in a pot of water", "Some cut up carrots are simmering in a pot on the stove. ", "Some carrots are in a pot of boiling water.", "Several cut up carrots boiling in a pot of water."]
["A girl in a dress eating a hotdog with rack of clothes in the background.", "a girl holding a hot dog next to a rack of clothes.", "a young person holding a hot dog near a rack of clothes", "A child holds a hot dog in front of her.", "There is a girl that is standing smiling holding a hot dog"]
["A woman is taking a bite out of a hot dog.", "A person with a red hat bites into a hot dog.", "The woman is enjoying her very large hot dog.", "A person holding a napkin and eating a hotdog.", "A young girl eats a large hot dog covered in sauerkraut, mustard, and relish."]
["A skateboarder is trying to do a trick. ", "a man jumping up on top of a cement structure with his skateboard with a see-through image of him on the ground", "A young man rides a skateboard on a slab of concrete.", "A man riding a skateboard down a cement ramp.", "Boy skate boarding on cement ramp at night."]
["A group of men who are holding snowboards.", "A group of people holding snowboards on a deck.", "a group of people that is posing for a picture with snowboard.", "a number of people holding a snow board ", "A group of people standing and holding snowboards."]
["A young boy tries out skateboarding tricks on a road", "A young boy determinedly rides a skate board", "a small child wearing blue is riding a skateboard", "A little kid is standing on a skateboard.", "A young man riding a skateboard down a road."]
["A man riding a skateboard on a street.", "The man is riding a skateboard on his hands and knees.", "A boy kneels on a skateboard and roll down the path. ", "A boy kneeling on a skateboard going down a street.", "A young man on his hands and knees riding a skate board."]
["A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "a man skat boarding down some concrete staris", "A male skateboarder flying in the air over a set of steps.", "this is a skateboarder doing tricks on a stair rail", "Skate boarder mid air in impressive stunt on outdoor stairway."]
["a kid performs a trick off of some steps ", "The skateboarder is performing a trick, mid jump.", "A young man performs a skateboarding trick down some steps.", "This is young kid doing a skateboard trick.", "a kid in jeans doing a skatboard trick down steps"]
["A young man is doing a trick over some stairs.", "A boy rides off of a set of stairs on his skateboard.", "A man on a skateboard jumping some cement steps.", "A skater performing a trick over some stairs.", "A man on a skateboard is jumping high above a set of stairs."]
["Skateboarder who just launched off a horizontal ramp", "A skateboarder about to land on a ramp", "A skateboarder jumping in the air after leaving a wooden ramp.", "A skateboarder at night is making a jump.", "A young man airborne while riding his skate board."]
["a person riding a skate board wearing a suit", "A man in a business suit riding on a skateboard. ", "A man in a suit rides a skateboard.", "A businessman that is on top of a skateboard", "A man in a suit and tie with sunglasses riding on a skateboard in an empty parking lot."]
[" A man riding a skateboard in a skate park.", "A person doing a trick on a skateboard. ", "A skateboarder executes a trick on a skateboard.", "A man doing a trick on his skate board.", "a person that is jumping a skateboard on some concrete"]
["A man in black shirt on asphalt next to a skateboard.", "a person getting up off the ground next to a skate board", "A man that is sitting down next to a skateboard.", "A young man is sitting on the ground near a skateboard.  ", "A boy sitting on the pavement next to a skateboard."]
["A man sitting at a game eating a hot dog.", "A man at a sporting event eating concession food.", "A man sitting in an arena, eating something from the concession stand.", "A man in a brown hat and a green coat sits in a stadium eating a sandwich.", "a man sitting in a stadium seat eating a hot dog"]
["The man eating a sandwich is walking beside a talking woman.", "a man walking down the street holding a sandwich up to his mouth", "A man holding a sandwich standing next to a woman.", "The man takes a bite while he walks down the busy sidewalk.", "A man is walking down the street eating a huge sandwich."]
["A white plate topped with two hot dogs covered in ketchup.", "A plate of hotdogs, lettuce and tomatoes next to a cup of beer.", "A couple of hot dogs with lots of ketchup, lettuce and tomatoes.", "A plate with hot dogs and cherry tomatoes ", "Two hot dot with ketchup and onions on it are on a plate with tomatoes and lettuce. "]
["Plate of hotdogs smothered in condiments with tater tots", "Two hot dogs, tater tots and ketchup on a white plate.", "A white plate topped with two hot dogs and tater tots.", "Two dressed hot dogs on a plate with potato puffs and ketchup.", "A plate of food on top of a table."]
["a close up of a person holding a hot dog", "Someone's hand holding up a hot dog sandwich.", "A hand holding a hot dog in a hot dog bun.", "tHERE IS A HOT DOG INSEAD OF A BREAD HOT DOG BUN", "A hand holding a bun containing a burnt hotdog."]
["A group of men getting plates of food.", "a black and white photo of cops getting doughnuts", "Asian police stand in line to serve themselves doughnuts.", "Policemen at a table getting donuts outside ", "Policemen stand in line to have breakfast food."]
["A sandwich on a napkin next to a drink", "A sandwich sitting on a wrapper next to a soft drink.", "A fast food pita wrap and drink cup on a restaurant table.", "a pita sandwich and drink layed out on a table", "A long sandwich and a drink are sitting on the wrapper."]
["A man eating a pink doughnut with sprinkles ", "The man eats a donut with pink frosting and sprinkles in his kitchen.", "A man biting into a pink icing doughnut that's covered in sprinkles.", "A man with glasses taking a donuts with a microwave in the background", "A person taking a bite of a iced and sprinkled doughnut in a kitchen. "]
["A group of people are in the snow on skis.", "Several people prepare to ski or snowboard on a snow slope.", "A bunch of skiers standing on a ski slope", "A bunch of skiers on a mountain while a storm rolls in.", "groups of people are skiing on a snowy mountain"]
["a person on a snow board laying on a snowy surface", "A person lying on the ground with a snowboard on his feet while other people ski by.", "A close view of someone's shoes while on a snow board.", "A view from a person laying on their back looking at other people standing on skis.", "Feet with a snowboard attached and people walking in the background."]
["Two women are holding a bowl with doughnuts", "two ladies holding a large bowl filled with doughnuts", "Two women are holding a container filled with baked goods.", "Two women are holding a large bowl filled with donuts.", "a couple of ladies that have some doughnuts"]
["A young child eating a pizza at a picnic table.", "A kid eats pizza on a picnic table.", "A boy having a piece of pizza at the beach.", "A child at an ocean park eats a pizza.", "a young person sitting at a table eating pizza"]
["A short order cook is preparing and packing an order from the assembly line.", "A girl working on preparing food at her job", "A fast food employee prepares food for the day.", "a woman with a visor standing over a counter preparing food.", "This is an image of a worker in a restaurant."]
["A person in a gray parka sitting in the snow", "a woman sitting on the ground by some trees", "A person sitting up against a tree while attached to a snowboard.", "A person sitting on the ground with a snowboard on their feet", "A person sitting in the snow with a snowboard on."]
["A snowboarder falling down by some skinny trees.", "A person who was snowboarding wiped out in the snow.", "A person having an accident while riding on a snowboard.", "A skier taking a bad fall with one leg up in the air.", "a person riding a snow board falling onto their side "]
["this image has no pictures displayed to describe", "A snowboarder going downhill avoiding the trees. ", "Someone is snowboarding in the woods with fresh snow.", "A boy on a snowboard on a snowy field.", "A man riding a snowboard down a  snow covered hill."]
["A woman standing over a pizza on top of a table.", "Woman chooses which toppings to put on her pizza.", "A very pretty lady near a big tasty looking pizza.", "A woman is making homemade pizza at a table.", "a pizza that is on a very messy table"]
["A partially eaten sandwich with steak and onions.", "A person that is holding food in one hand.", "A person holding a partially eaten sandwich filled with meat.", "Somebody tore in half a sandwhich exposing the contents inside. ", "A pastrami sandwich being held by someone "]
["A woman prepares to release her bowling ball. ", "A woman holding a bowling ball on top of a bowling alley.", "A woman is bowling at a bowling alley", "a woman is stepping forward and holding a bowling ball", "A lady in action on the bowling alley."]
["A white plate topped with a sandwich and a bowl soup.", "A sandwich with avocado on a plate with soup", "a sandwich with avocado and a bowl of soup sit on a plate ", "a plate of food with a sandwich near a drink ", "A sandwich is on a plate with a spoon and bowl of soup near a glass."]
["A pretty young lady holding up a pink doughnut with sprinkles.", "A woman with sunglasses holding a donut with frosting and sprinkles.", "The young girl holds a colorful donut in a convenience store.", "a close up of a person holding a sprinkled doughnut", "A woman holding a frosted donut with sprinkles."]
["sandwiches on a bar wit beer and a bartender ", "Two plates of food and some beer are being served.", "Two plates of food setting on the counter.", "Two plates of food on the bar of a fast food restaurant.", "Two unique sandwiches are sitting on a restaurant bar."]
["A woman is holding a piece of food up.", "A person holding a piece of partially eaten food. ", "A man grins as he displays the inside of a bitten doughnut hole to the camera.", "A woman smiles and holds a small piece of food up to the camera. ", "A woman in a jacket holds food up."]
["A woman with dark makeup on holding a sandwich.", "A teenage girl with black hair and black makeup wearing kandi bracelets on her hand and holding up a sandwich.", "The girl has a sandwich and other condiments out with it. ", "A lady holds up a sandwich in a kitchen.", "A young woman holding up a white bread sandwich in her kitchen "]
["A plate of food and fork on a table.", "A panini sandwich on a plate with a salad", "The plate is holding a sandwich and salad.", "half of a pannini sandwich and a side salad on a round white plate", "a plate with a grilled panini and a salad by some silverware"]
["A birthday cake fashioned to look like a beach with surfboard and palm trees.", "A 30th birthday cake features a beach scene with surfboards.", "A Happy Birthday cake with surfboards and palm trees for the design.", "A blue cake topped with a beach scene.", "A decorated birthday cake with a surfing theme"]
["A man holding a pine cone while wearing a name tag.", "A man standing in a room holding a brown object. ", "A large man with a beard eating in a room.", "A man is holding a chocolate dessert in his hand as he stares ahead.", "A very fat man holding a chocolate up to pose for the camera. "]
["A close up image of a sloppy joe on a plate. ", "A white plate with a bbq sandwich on it.", "A sandwich made with a meaty sauce sits on top of a plate.", "a plate with a meat sandwich on it ", "A sloppy joe being displayed on a plate."]
["A sandwich on a white plate on a wooden table", "Sandwich on a bun in a white plate with a blue rim.", "The sandwich is sitting on a round plate.", "Sandwich on a bun on a white china plate with blue chevron trim.", "a plate that has some kind of sandwich on it"]
["Sloppy Joe mix on a toasted bun on a plate", "a blue and white plate with a sandwich on a wooden table", "a couple of sandwiches on some white plates", "A pair of sloppy joe sandwiches on plates, ready to be eaten.", "The sandwiches are on the plates on the table."]
["A few people sitting on a bench in front of a doughnut shop.", "three people sitting on a bench a sign and window ", "Three people sit on a bench outside a donut shop", "some people sitting on a bench outside of a donut shop", "A group of people are sitting in front of a doughnut shop, smiling."]
["fifteen different varieties of doughnuts in a display case", "this is a display of donuts on a couple shelves", "a bakery with boxes of donuts and bread", "Assorted bakery goods are on display in a cabinet.", "A selection of donuts and pastries at an oriental bakery"]
["this is a cupcake and fork on a white plate", "a cupcake covered with colorful sprinkles a fork and cup of coffee two cell phones", "A colorful cupcake sits on a plate in a cafe.", "THIS TABLE HAS A CUP OF COFFEE AND A CUPCAKE", "A candy covered cup cake sitting on top of a white plate."]
["A man is surfing a large wave towards the shore.", "A man in a wet suit surfing over waves.", "A man riding a wave on a surfboard.", "A man is riding the waves on a surfboard.", "A man in a black wet suit rides a small wave in the ocean."]
["a plate with an open sandwich next to a little bowl of soup and a wine glass\n", "A plate topped with an open face sandwich net to a glass of wine.", "there is a plate of food and a bowl of soup", "A plate with a sandwich, a bowl of soup and a wine glass. ", "A plate of food that has an open faced sandwich on it."]
["A poster that indicates the letter S stands for sandwich.", "a picture of the letter s and a sandwich", "The picture of a sandwich has a capital and a lowercase S on it.", "The sandwich in the picture tells the student what letter it starts with. ", "A poster is using a sandwich as an example of an \"s\" word."]
["Man riding surfboard ahead of breaking wave at ocean.", "A guy riding the an incoming wave on a surfboard", "A person surfs on a wave in a body of water", "Surfer riding a wave that is breaking behind him", "A surfer is standing on his board just in front of the wave."]
["A man is distantly riding the waves on his surf board. ", "A person riding the waves on surf board.", "The surfer is on its surfboard riding the waves in the water. ", "A person is surfing on the waves of an empty ocean.", "A man on surfboard riding a wave with dark sky in background."]
["Four surfers stand on the beach watching the water.", "A group of boogie boarders standing on the beach.", "some people on the sand with their belly boards", "A group of people holding their surf boards while standing on the beach.", "some people holding onto boogie boards as they stand and look at the water"]
["A giant desert covered in chocolate sauce next to cups of coffee.", "Someone cutting a cookie cake near cups of coffee.", "A person cutting into a chocolate cake with syrup on it.", "a man cuts into a runny chcocate cake ", "a white plate that has a dessert on top of it"]
["A girl standing on the beach and posing with a surfboard.", "A woman holding a surf board while standing on a beach.", "A girl in a body suit at a beach with surfboard.", "A woman in a wet suit holding a surfboard.", "A woman in a bodysuit holding a surfboard posing for a picture."]
["A young boy sitting on the floor at the food of a bed.", "A young woman sitting against a bed post", "A barefoot person seated on the floor.  ", "A person sits on the floor leaning against a bed. ", "A person leaning against the leg of a bed."]
["a white bed pillow window and some trees", "a bed and pillow sits next to a window ", "A window with blinds that are pulled up halfway", "The window blind is up just a little bit where you can see outside.", "A room with a window and a blind on it near tree branches. "]
["A television that is sitting on the side of a wall.", "Looking into a bedroom from beyond some curtains.", "A room with a bed next to a window with a TV above it.", "a bed sits next to a window and a lamp", "a room that has a lamp and some kind of curtain "]
["two people laying in bed operating separate laptops ", "A couple on their laptops sitting in bed.", "a man and woman recline in a bed, each with their own laptop", "A young man and woman using computers on their couch.", "two people sitting in bed both on their individual laptops"]
["A woman is eating a pastry at a table.", "A woman sitting at a table eating a piece of cake.", "there is a woman sitting at a table eating a cake", "A young woman eating a slice of cake at a table with the rest on the cake near her.", "Woman enjoying a piece of cake in a restaurant."]
["A woman laying in bed sleeping next to an alarm clock.", "a person sleeping and the clock says 11:20", "Somebody is sleeping in the bed next to the clock on the table.", "A woman sleeping in the dark next to an alarm clock.", "A dark room has an alarm clock on a table."]
["The bedroom has a chair and a fireplace.", "A bedroom with a rocking chair during the day.", "A room with a bed, chair, small table and a fireplace.", "A dark bedroom has a wooden rocking chair.", "A bedroom with a fireplace decorated with antiques."]
["A woman putting frosting on a cake on a plate ", "A woman sitting at a table putting icing on a cake. ", "A woman putting icing on a homemade cake.", "a person sitting at a table making a cake", "A female applying icing on a cake at home."]
["An image of a bedroom with a bed in the middle if the room", "A bed with a red and gold fancy bed and pillow cover with a two drawer night stand.", "a bedroom with a night stand near the bed", "A bedroom with a bed and night stand", "A fancy bed with a plain nightstand against a blue wall."]
["A long haired girl laying on her back with her legs crossed, on a bed.", "A girl lies sideways on a bed on her back. ", "A woman laying on her back in a white sports bra and short shorts.", "A woman laying on her bed looking up.", "A young female is laying upside down on her bed in her bedroom."]
["A little girl that is on the beach in the daytime.", "A young girl is standing on a beach while holding a boogie board.", "A young girl in a bathing suit carries a boogie board at the beach", "A little girl on the beach holding a surf board.", "A beautiful little girl holding a surfboard standing on a beach."]
["A child laying on a bed under a floral blanket.", "an image of a child lying in bed with pacifer", "A baby tucked in her crib sucking on a pacifier.", "A child lies in a bed with a guard rail on the side.", "A child asleep in a bed with a railing."]
["A child in diapers standing on a bed.", "A boy with a pacifier in his mouth standing on a bed.", "A baby boy sucking on a pacifier while wearing a diaper.", "A very young toddler has his pacifier in his mouth and standing on the couch. ", "a little boy standing on some pillows with a pacifier in his mouth"]
["A toddler laying in a bed with their head on the pillow.", "A baby in a diaper laying on a bed.", "A baby wearing a diaper laying in their crib.", "A young child laying in a bed wearing a diaper. ", "a little kid laying in bed with their butt in the air "]
["A young infant boy in bed is leaning towards an electronic device to adjust it.", "Young boy sitting up in his crib playing with clock radio. ", "A baby playing with a radio whle sitting in bed.+9", "A young boy touching something near his bed", "A child is leaning out of his bed to touch a gadget. "]
["Three cakes decorated with flowers on the top and the words \"best wishes\" written on the cakes.", "Three decorated cakes saying \"Best Wishes\" in a bakery", "Three cakes are sitting in a row on a bakery table.", "Three pink wedding cakes that say \"best wishes\".", "A close up of three cakes singing best wishes. "]
["a bed room with a large bed and a laptop", "A laptop is laying on a bed in a room. ", "A laptop is sitting on a somewhat made bed. ", "A laptop on a white and purple bed", "A bedroom with a bed, radiator and laptop."]
["Three young girls are smiling by their sweets.", "Kids looking at a display of baked items.", "Three girls in front of cupcakes and a baked house.", "three girls are showing what they made at school", "three girls smiling with cupcakes on a table"]
["A man standing next to another man on a sandy beach.", "Two men fist bump on the beach while one holds a surfboard.", "A couple of men giving a fist bump as one holds a surfboard.", "a man with a surf board fist bumps another man on a beach", "a couple of people that are standing in some sand with surfboards"]
["A man holding a pizza paddle taking a pizza out of an outdoor oven", "A man outdoors, with a pizza on a peel, with three people looking on.", "A man is pulling a pizza out of an outdoor oven with a group of people.", "A man is holding a pizza on a paddle.", "The men and woman are having a picnic outdoors with  a large pizza and drinks."]
["Three people who are jumping on a bed.", "A group of friends are jumping on the bed.", "Women diving onto a bed in a hotel room.", "this is a group of girls hanging out on a bed", "A bunch of girls jumping on a bed, appears to be in a hotel."]
["A man posing for a picture on a bed in the air.", "a couple of people that are on a bed", "The man is jumping above the bed behind the woman sitting on it. ", "a man levitating in the air above a bed in a hotel room", "a person jumping in the air on to a bed "]
["A man is laying down on a bed with white sheets.", "The man appears to be floating over a bed.", "there is a an that is jumping in to a bed", "A  man in jeans lays just above a white bed.", "The man is falling backward onto the waiting bed."]
["A deep dish pizza sitting on top of a table next to a spatula.", "A deep dish pizza with various toppings next to a cutting utensil.", "A deep dish pizza with tomato sauce, cheese and green vegetables.", "A close up of a pizza pie missing some slices.", "A stuffed pizza has some slices taken out."]
["A man holding a surf board on a beach. ", "A man holding a surfboard at the beach.", "A man walking on the beach carrying a surfboard.", "A man carrying a surf board on a sandy beach next to the ocean.", "A man in a wetsuit is on the beach with a surfboard."]
["Lone ice boat sailing near a dock on wide frozen water.", "a person riding a surf board with a sail", "a small white sail boat traveling down a rapid river", "there is a small surf board with a sail on it in the water", "A sail boat floating across a large body of water."]
["Two young men are standing and eating pizza together.", "Two men eat pizza and drink beer while talking.", "A man holding a beer and eating a pizza. ", "Two guys standing together eating slices of pizza", "Two guys are eating slices of pizza, while one holds a beer. "]
["A computer with a very colorful monitory and keyboard.", "An old fashioned, very colorful computer is on a brown desk.", "A TV sitting in front of a colorful keyboard.", "A small old TV with a colorful computer keyboard in front of it.", "An old computer that has been decorated. "]
["Two kids sitting at a red childs table.", "two kids are eating pizza at a small red table", "Two children sitting at a little table eating pizza.", "Two children sit at a small table with pizzas on a pan.", "two kids sit at a small table making pizzas"]
["A mall girl and boy sitting in front of a pan topped with pizza.", "A man serving two children pizza while they are sitting at their kid sized table. ", "Two children are making pizzas on a small table.", "Two children with the help of an adult are making pizzas.", "Two children smiling and eating small personal pizzas."]
["A room full of laptops and video displays", "The computer room handles a large amount. ", "A row of laptop computers sitting on a long desk.", "A broadcast editing room with numerous video monitors and audio mixing stations.", "A long desk with multiple computers and television monitors."]
["Medical students are looking at the monitor to check their patient's condition, while their associates wait in anticipation.", "Many hospital technitians gather as some work on equipment.", "There are doctors performing an operation with instruments", "A man in scrubs looking at a computer.", "A team of medical staff using equipment in a hospital."]
["A small pizza looks home made with pepperoni.", "there is a close up view of a cheese and pepperoni pizza", "A plate of pizza, a wine glass and a glass of water on a table.", "close up view of a pizza on a table near a glass of wine", "A plate that has a pizza on it."]
["A cat sitting next to a laptop computer on a table.", "a grey and white cat standing besides a laptop", "A cat sitting next to a laptop ", "The cat is sitting beside the computer looking at something.", "The cat is setting next to the laptop."]
["an image of a man that is on the tennis court", "A group of people playing tennis on a grass court.", "Several grassy tennis courts with five tennis players.", "Several people on a large court playing tennis.", "A group of men standing on a tennis court holding racquets."]
["A woman is sitting down on a chair with a bag.", "A woman in a dress on a cell phone in a clothing store.", "A woman sitting on a chair in a store.", "a woman in a blue top a bag and clothes ", "a person sitting in a chair in a store "]
["a couple of naked guys in a room together", "A locker room full of men both dressed and undressed.", "A man sitting in a crowded locker room.", "This picture is part of an advertisement having to do with tennis.", "A locker room with some naked men in it."]
["A man standing on one leg on a tennis court.", "A tennis player is standing on one leg with a tennis racquet in one hand. ", "a man standing on one leg holding a tennis rackett", "A man is playing tennis on a blue court.", "A professional tennis player holding his racket on the court."]
["The tennis player is serving a tennis ball.", "A tennis player leans back to make a serve.", "A tennis player taking a swing at a  ball", "Man in blue tennis uniform swinging his racket back. ", "A man swinging his tennis racket on a tennis court."]
["A woman sitting down at a table to a couple of pizzas.", "A woman sitting at a table eating pizza.", "a woman sitting at the end of a table with two large pizzas on it", "The woman is ready to eat her pizza", "A young woman sits at a table in front of two plates of pizza."]
["A man standing in a park holding a pizza.", "a male in sunglasses is holding a pizza outdoors", "A man is holding a pizza alongside an outdoor food court.", "Man holding a dish with a camera around his neck.", "A man with a whole pizza in his hand. "]
["An individual pizza with cheese, pineapple and sauce.", "Sauce, vegetable and cheese on a piece of pita bread.", "A doughy pizza with lots of cheese. ", "A close up shot of a mini pita pizza. ", "A pizza is center loaded with toppings and cheese."]
["A female Tennis player is trying to take her best hit. ", "A woman on a tennis court hitting a ball with a racket.", "A female tennis player hitting the ball back over the net.", "A woman aggressively serving a tennis ball at a tennis court.", "a woman hits a tennis ball with a tennis racket"]
["a female tennis player in a black top is playing tennis", "A woman is playing tennis on a tennis court.", "A woman with a tennis racket stands on a court.", "a thin woman is playing outside with a racket", "A young girl is playing a game of tennis."]
["A woman tennis player in a blue skirt holding a tennis racquet in one hand and touching the wall with her other hand.", "A beautiful young woman holding a tennis racquet.", "The tennis player is examining the sign at the edge of the court.", "A tennis player touching the U.S. Open banner.", "Female tennis player touching the US Open logo banner."]
["A woman walking on the tennis court with her racket. ", "A woman holding a tennis racket in her hand.", "female player walking with racquet and fist clenched at the US Open", "A tennis player at the US open walking off the court.", "A girl wearing a purple tennis outfit while holding a tennis racket walking by a guy. "]
["A pizza sitting on top of a pizza pan.", "A homemade pizza is shown with cheese and chicken.", "A pizza that is sitting on a metal platter.", "A pizza with pieces of chicken covered in cheese.", "A pizza sits in a pan on a counter. "]
["A plate topped with a cheesy pizza on a  table.", "A close up of a pizza pie on a plate.", "A pizza on a plate on a table.", "A plate of cheese pizza with mushroom toppings.", "The pizza is on the plate and ready to be eaten"]
["A group of beautiful young women sitting in a living room all looking alike.", "This is a den area with the same woman posed in five different locations within the room.", "A composite image of a woman vacuuming, typing on a laptop, eating from a bowl, talking on a cell phone, and reading a magazine.", "The same woman is shown doing different things ", "The same woman in several different poses in a living room."]
["A man in a black jacket holds a toothbrush in his mouth as he stands near a woman with her eyes closed.", "A man brushing his teeth next to a woman.", "A woman is standing next to a man who is brushing his teeth.", "Woman with eyes closed next to man brushing teeth.", "A man is brushing his teeth while a woman stands next to him with her eyes closed."]
["A living room decorated for Halloween with a large window with closed blinds.", "A room has a large white blind, a book shelf and a plant stand.", "Multiple books on bookshelves and coffee table and windows covered with vertical blinds.  ", "A cart with a plant on it and a table with books on it.", "a pumpkin and a bowl next to a window"]
["A tube of cream sitting on top of a bathroom sink.", "Open container sitting next to a toothbrush on a sink. ", "A toothbrush on the edge of a sink with a tube of paste.", "a close up of tooth brush and tooth paste", "A tube that is laying down on a sink."]
["A cup with two toothbrushes and toothpaste in it ", "a couple of toothbrushes and paste in a cup", "There is a plastic cup holding toothpaste and two toothbrushes.", "Toothbrushes and paste displayed in holder in bathroom.", "A plastic cup filled with two tooth brushes and a tube of toothpaste."]
["A stereo sitting on a metal shelf next to a bright light.", "Stereo system with remote sitting on a metal table.", "A stereo and the remote control on a table", "An acoustic machine, speakers and remote control are sitting on a table.", "A stereo and remote control sit on a desk."]
["A young boy standing in a living room next to a couch.", "a little boy standing in living room with wii remote.", "A little boy standing near a couch and a table.", "Child playing a video game in the living room. ", "a small child standing on the carpet next to a chair"]
["A living room with two blue couches, a blue chair, and a wood burning stove. ", "A living area with chair, sofa and television by windows.", "A living room with a sofa, chairs, table and two large windows. ", "A beautifully decorated living room with large windows brighten up the room.", "A living room with purple couches and hard wood floors."]
["a living room with a pair of coaches and a big table", "A living room with two white couches with black pillows on each are standing in front of a wooden table. ", "This living room has white couches and a large beige coffee table", "A living room decorated in a modern style", "The living room has three chairs and three tables.\n"]
["A bunch of people are sitting around while a guy plays a video game\n", "A group of people playing a game with remote controllers.", "a loving family watching others as they play video game", "A group of people sitting around a room holding game controllers.", "A man sits in a chair as he plays a video game with a wii mote"]
["a living room with a brown couch by a big window ", "A couch, a chair and other furniture in a living room.", "A yellow wall living room with a large and bright white window.  ", "a living room with a couch a window and a lamp", "A living room with a chocolate couch, an easy chair and nan empty bookshelf."]
["a living room with some brick walls and a fireplace", "A clean, brick living room is seen in this picture.", "A room with brick walls and red furniture. ", "a living room with couches and chairs and a tv", "We are looking at a family room with brick walls."]
["A person making an ugly face holding Nintendo Wii game controllers.", "A person with a scary face holding a remote", "Teenager in a living room holding a Nintendo Wii controller.", "A MAN IS LAUGING PLAYING THE WII GAME", "A person very intently playing a video game."]
["there is a very large video game control being held", "A hand grasping on to a Wii controller.", "A hand is holding a white electronic device.", "A white Nintendo Wii game controller shaped like a gun.", "A Wii remote and nunchuk that someone's hand is holding on to."]
["A man is playing a guitar by his keyboard.", "A man sitting in a chair holding a guitar.", "A man playing a guitar and other musical instruments", "A man playing a guitar in front of a bookcase with a keyboard on a table.", "A man playing the guitar while at his music workstation."]
["A laptop computer sitting on top of a table.", "There is a laptop hooked up to a monitor on a clean desk.", "a brown desk phone light keyboard and monitor", "a desk with a laptop and a monitor sitting next to it ", "A cubicle has a laptop, phone, monitor, and other peripherals at an office."]
["Two computer keyboards sitting on top of a table next to a computer mouse.", "an image of a keyboard with a mouse on the table", "Two flat computer keyboards laying on a table", "Two slim keyboards, one bigger than the other, sits with an Apple computer and other accessories on a round table topped with an artsy orange flowered tablecloth.", "An apple computer with two keyboards and a mouse on a wild printed tablecloth."]
["A living room with a green chair next to the window. ", "a view from an apartment with a green chair", "A chair is sitting in the corner of a room.", "A living room has a small arm chair", "A green chair is placed next to a set of windows. "]
["there is a person that is holding a computer mouse", "A child's hand placed on a computer mouse next to a keyboard. ", "Desk computer with a hand controlling the mouse ", "A person is using a mouse on a white table.", "someone using a mouse at a computer with separate keyboard"]
["A bald headed man standing next to a woman in a office.", "Four people sitting around a computer station talking.", "A group of people sitting in front of a computer talking.", "Four people standing around a computer on a table next to drink machines.", "Four men in room working on a computer."]
["A man with glasses sitting at a desktop computer.", "Two men at a computer playing game with headphones on.", "Two men are wearing headphones and playing a computer game.", "Two men are in the dark by a laptop computer.", "Dark haired man playing a video game on computer."]
["A man wearing headphones using a computer at a cyber cafe.", "Gentlemen working at a recording studio, editing on the computer.", "A man using his computers with onlookers watching.", "A gamer playing while two onlookers watch him.", "An online game player playing while two other men look on."]
["A KEYBOARD, MOUSE, AND MOUSE PAD SITTING ON A DESK", "A desk with a keyboard, mouse pad and mouse. ", "A computer desk with a keyboard next to a computer mouse.", "A standard keyboard for a desktop computer is accompanied by a mouse", "Computer keyboard, mouse and mouse pad on a desk"]
["a living room on a wooden floor and television in it ", "Small living room with wooden flooring and open window. ", "A living room with wooden floors and lots of furniture.", "A large room with an easel and guitar.", "Three guitars are on the stand beside a book case."]
["A man holding a cell phone sitting in a yellow seat.", "A young man in a collared shirt holding a cell phone.", "a young white male talking on a cell phone.", "guy talks to his grinds on his cell phone", "A man talking on his cellphone in one hand."]
["a living room with a brown coach, leading into dining room with big window.", "This living room is very tiny and organized.", "view from living room looking into dining room", " The interior of a house with a living room leading into a dining room. ", "Beautiful wood grain floors add to the ambiance in a home."]
["A beach filled with people and kites being flown", "some people at the beach and some are flying kites", "A large balloon on a beach with a black and white dog looking at it.", "People at the beach while others are parasailing.", "A couple of kites flying in the sky over a beach."]
["a person standing on a beach flying a kite", "A person on the beach flying a kite.", "A person flying a kite near the ocean.", "A person standing on the beach flying a kite.", "The people are flying their kite on the beach. "]
["Several small arc shaped kites flying above an ocean", "Multiple para sailors are out on the ocean on a cloudy day. ", "A group of people kiteboard in the ocean filled with waves.", "There are kites flying on the beach, it is very cloudy.", "many kites blowing in the wind at the beach"]
["A man riding a kiteboard over the ocean under a cloudy sky.", "A man surfing on the ocean using a parachute to pull him along", "A wind surfer is in the ocean with a kite.", "A very pretty beach with a sail in the air.", "A person in the water being pulled by a kite."]
["A boy in striped shirt running with a kite.", "A small boy is running with a green kite.", "A boy running and flying a kite in a field.", "A boy with a gray and yellow shirt holds a green string holder as a green and white kite is above his head.", "A boy running with a kite shaped like airplane."]
["A person walking across a field next to a  kite.", "The person is running around the soccer field ", "Someone is flying a red white and blue kite on a field.", "a young boy flying a kite in a soccer field ", "THERE IS A KITE IS FLYING HIGH IN TE SKY "]
["Many people are doing their things on the beach. ", "people are enjoying the beach on an overcast day.", "A kite that is flying in the sky over sand.", "This is a photo of a large crowd gathered at a beach. ", "A group of people on the beach with a kite flying over them."]
["A couple of kids playing a game on a lush green field.", "Young child flying kite while other child watches.", "Two kids playing with a kite in the grass.", "A boy watches his kite rise in the air.", "two young kids are outside flying their kites."]
["The back of a man has something in mid air he's looking at.", "A man wearing a white baseball cap looking at something in the distance", "A man in a baseball cap watching something in the air.", "A man dressed in white looking at something flying.", "A man watches a kite in the sky."]
["A large group of people watching and flying kites.", "A crowd of people at the waterside with covered booths.", "A group of people on beach with kites in the sky.", "The crowd is participating in the kite festival.", "Crowded area on the beach with many kites being flown"]
["a woman flying a kite with a man underneath", "Girl flying a kite in an open field while another guy watches", "Female flying a kite in an open field.", "A woman is standing in an open space and flying a kite.", "A woman flying her kite in the middle of a field "]
["People attempting kite boarding on a very windy day", "There are four kites flying on the beach. ", "A few parachutes flying around over the beach.", "An ocean view with people water skiing using parachutes.", "PARASAILERS HAVING FUN IN AN OCEAN WITH WAVES"]
["Several smaller images within the picture of colorful kites being flown", "A combination of pictures with various kites and a man flying a kite.", "A series of photos of men flying kites.", "Examples of kites being flown in the sky.", "Collage of men without shirts flying kites on the brach"]
["Large ornate white and gold clock on face of grid wall. ", "A large clock is hanging on a wall.", "a clock attached to a building with a dark background", "A large gilt outdoor clock reading 8:05 in the evening.", "A large clock reads five after nine on the face."]
["A desktop computer is turned on to the desktop, on the desk with other equipment. ", "a desk top with a computer on top of it ", "A desktop computer with printer, tower, keyboard, speakers and mouse set up on a desk.", "A desktop computer sits on an old and scarred wooden desk.", "A desktop computer set on top of a wooden desk."]
["People are flying kites at a field in mid day", "There are people flying kites in the park.", "many kites flying in the sky above a field ", "There are kites on the ground and in the sky at the park.", "Some kites are flying at a dark park."]
["Group of people watching kites being flown. ", "A kite is flying in the sky in the distance", "A row of kites in the sky above a fairground. ", "some people a carnival and a flying kite", "A bunch of people flying kites not to far from a festival. "]
["Laptop sitting on top of the table inside an open room. ", "A laptop set up in a room in a house", "A laptop is on a table in a room.", "Computer screen monitor on laptop that is on in the living room", "A laptop computer that is on a desk."]
["An alarm clock sitting next to a window on a black table.", "The mechanical alarm clock has bells on it.", "A black and white clock sits on a black surface near a black and white curtain and a window at night.", "a close up of a clock on a table near a window", "A wind up alarm clock next to a window."]
["A large red barn with a large clock in front of it.", "A clock with an eagle on it stands before a clock shaped like an owl", "a couple of old clocks outside of a barn ", "Two clocks are shown within close proximity of each other.", "A clock pole sitting across from another clock pole by a barn."]
["A very tall Clocktower ascending into the sky", "A large, two-handed clock tower sits atop an old building, with spires sticking up from its height. ", "A tall clock tower on a cloudy day.", "Looking up at an old stone clock tower", "a red and yellow tower with some clocks on the side of it "]
["Two people are flying kites in the grass.", "The man and the girl are flying kites in the yard.", "A group of people in grassy field with trees in background.", "a person running in a field wit ha kite", "Two people in a grassy field flying kites."]
["A couple of men standing on top of a beach flying a kite.", "A green para sale on a blue sky background.", "People stand on the beach underneath a green kite.", "People on a beach play with a kite.", "People are standing on the beach flying a kite.  "]
["Several people sitting at tables in front of a bar.", "A group of people sitting around a bar on top of a wooden floor.", "Several people, mostly men, are sitting inside a restaurant or bar drinking, talking, and watching television.", "Various people sitting at tables and watching television.", "A restaurant is sparsely populate with no one at the bar"]
["The group of people watch as people are playing baseball in street clothes.", "many people watching and playing baseball in a sandy field. ", "Men playing baseball on a dirt field while others watch.", "A baseball game being played in a desert field. ", "A pitcher preparing to pitch in a desert game of baseball."]
["A man sitting on top of a black box on a sidewalk.", "Businessman sitting on top of units with their phones out", "A person sitting on a big block talking on a cell phone.", "Several people walking, while some have stopped to sit, on a busy street.", "People sitting on and walking by big black blocks on the sidewalk."]
["Very cute little boy with baseball bat and Yankees hat", "A young boy who is holding a baseball bat.", "A boy holding a baseball bat over his shoulder in the grass.", "A young boy holding a silver baseball bat while wearing a hat.", "A little boy holding a bat over his shoulder "]
["A clock displays the time outside of a bank.", "Large clock displayed next to commercial building over sidewalk.", "A clock hanging from a brick building near a sign. ", "A clock hanging from the side of a brick building.", "A white clock hanging off the side of a building."]
["A clock sitting on the side of a sidewalk next to stores.", "A large clock on the sidewalk in front of stores.", "A round ornate clock housed on a green metal post.", "A TOWER CLOCK IS ON THE STREET ", "An ornate clock with lights posted on a sidewalk "]
["A sign and clock on the side of a street.", "a clock mounted on a pole on a sidewalk next to a street.", "an image of a clock tower on the sidewalk", "A clock tower on a street corner during the day.", "The clock is on the post on the side of the road. "]
["A clock on a corner at a city intersection. ", "A clock on a pole at an intersection. ", "a street pole with a clock on the top of it ", "a street pole with a clock mounted on the top", "A pole that has a clock on the top of it."]
["two people walking on a side walk in front of a building", "two average women walking in a town ", "Young women walking past jewelry store in urban setting.", "An ornate clock in front of a jewelry store.", "Two women walk on a sidewalk past a jewelery store."]
["A weather vane with a clock near a body of water.", "A green pole that has a clock on it.", "A clock that is on the side of a green pole.", "a clock is on a green pole by the water", "a green clock sitting on the side of the road near the side walk "]
["A clock with street lights on the sidewalk near a white building.", "A city street clock standing in front of a white building.", "A pole that has a clock on top of it.", "A large clock is seen on the sidewalk near a building.", "a large clock on top of a green pole"]
["A young boy holding a baseball bat on top of a cement area.", "a person that is standing up with a baseball bat", "A young person in a black tee shirt at the batting cages.", "A boy is swinging at a baseball inside a batting cage.", "A boy prepares to hit a ball at a batting cage."]
["A group of baseball players is crowded at the mound.", "A baseball player at the area where one goes to bat ", "A man that is standing in the dirt near a plate.", "a baseball player on the home plate during a game", "A baseball player for the Chicago Cubs stands at home plate."]
["London is visible on a foggy day. ", "A scenic view of a foggy day in London.", "a sky view of a city and the building in it ", "A large city has a bridge leading into it.", "A large river with the Big Ben clock tower next to it."]
["A woman standing in a batting cage with a bat.", "A girl wearing a helmet and holding a baseball bat at the batting cages.", "A woman gets ready to hit a ball in a batting cage.", "A girl gets ready to swing a baseball bat in a batting cage.", "A beautiful young blond in tight white pants holding a holding a baseball bat."]
["a baseball player holding a bat on the field", "Baseball players at home plate before the pitch.", "A professional baseball game as the batter gets ready for the pitch", "A batter waits for the pitcher to pitch to him.", "A baseball player in a blue and white uniform up to bat. "]
["A man with a tennis racket on a court.", " A man wearing a yellow shirt plays tennis inside a tennis court", "The tennis player is getting ready to hit the ball.", "A man in yellow shirt and grey shorts playing tennis.", "A man with a racket stands on a court."]
["A woman standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A picture of a female tennis player. ", "A woman in a tennis outfit holds a racket.", "A female tennis player holding a tennis racket.", "She is well prepared to participate in the tennis match."]
["two guys sitting in a restaurant with a large half eaten pizza ", "Two men are sitting next to different kinds of pizza.", "A couple of men at a table with a pizza.", "Two men who are sitting next to each other with a large pizza in front of them.", "Two men in a restaurant sit by a half-empty pizza box."]
["Two women are cooking sweets in the kitchen.", "Two women are working on a dessert together", "Two women are in a kitchen baking together.", "There are two woman in the kitchen making desserts", "two women in a kitchen are decorating a cake"]
["A woman making some food inside her kitchen.", "A woman prepares a meal in her kitchen.", "A woman enjoys sprinkling cheese on a pizza.", "A woman in the kitchen cooking a meal", "The woman is making a meal in the kitchen for her family."]
["a woman is green gloves is in a kitchen", "A woman in a kitchen takes a pizza out of the oven.", "A woman in a kitchen cooking pizza with oven mitts on.", "Woman with oven mitts on both hands standing next to oven with pizza on top", "A woman baking a pizza pie in the kitchen"]
["A person holding a tennis racquet by a tennis court", "a tennis player with her hand near her head holding a tennis racket ", "A tennis player makes a funny gesture after a play.", "Male tennis player with flattened hand raised above head.", "A tennis player questioning the call of an umpire."]
["A woman is making a funny face while holding a tennis racket", "A female is holding a tennis racket outside.", "A tennis player is standing on the court.", "A female Tennis player appears to be observing her shoulder/arm.", "A picture of a person playing in a tennis game."]
["A woman that is holding a tennis racquet.", "She is working those muscles in her right arm.", "A woman in a pink shirt in the middle of a tennis swing", "A woman swinging a tennis racquet on a court.", "a woman is holding a tennis racket by a fence"]
["Woman in sportswear playing tennis on a tennis court.", "A woman leans in playing on a tennis court", "a woman reaching out to swing a tennis racket ", "A young woman is on a blue tennis court with arms outstretched.", "a girl that is stretched out on a tennis court"]
["a girl is holding a tennis racket on a court", "this is a tennis player standing on the court", "A girl is playing tennis on a court.", "A woman getting ready to hit a tennis ball.", "A woman is standing and holding a tennis racquet."]
["A person on a court with a tennis racket.", "The girl in shorts is holding a tennis racket.", "The woman is playing tennis on the court.", "A girl in shorts is holding her bat out and crouching down.", "A female tennis player watching the ball. "]
["Female tennis player swinging racket for a high ball.", "Woman in a blue tennis outfit swinging at a ball on a court. ", "A woman in blue swinging a tennis racket.", "A girl follows through on her swing while playing tennis.", "A woman is striking a tennis ball outside"]
["A female tennis player on the court holding a racket.", "A woman swinging a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A young women is swinging her tennis racket.", "A woman is standing on a tennis court holding a racket.", "A girl swinging a tennis racket to hit a tennis ball. "]
["A group of young men standing around an open box of pizza.", "Four men standing and taking pizza in a room", "A group of men standing around a pizza box eating pizza.", "a group of people stand around an open box of pizza", "Group of older boys standing and eating pizza"]
["A slice of pizza on a paper plate.", "A slice of pizza being served on a plate.", "A slice of pizza sits on the paper plate", "The metal table has a slice of pizza on a plate. ", "A slice of pizza is sitting on the top of a paper plate."]
["A close up of pizzas resting on serving trays on a table.", "There are multiple round trays with varying amounts of pizza on them.", "An assortment of pizzas are on a table.", "Four pizza pans covered with different types of pizza.", "Multiple pizza pans with a variety of pizza on them."]
["A man holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.", "a man standing and holding a tennis racket", "A tennis player holding their tennis racket outside.", "a person that is standing up with a racket", "A man that is holding a tennis racquet."]
["A young girl lays on a wooden floor while clutching a tennis racquet.", "A tennis player laying down on a wooden floor.", "A person laying on the ground holding a cap over their eyes", "A tennis player lying on the ground next to a tennis racket.", "A tennis player resting on the floor under a hat."]
["Two large pizzas covered in sauce and cheese.", "two odd shaped home made pizzas pretty well done", "Two square pizzas sitting a grill with cheese.", "two long cheese pizza sitting on cooling racks ", "Two large pizzas sitting on wire cooling racks."]
["a close up of a monitor with a mouse and cotrol", "A close up of a computer screen with a mouse", "A display of a remote and technology product on a monitor.", "A computer monitor with a mouse on the screen.", "A picture of a white mouse and a remote control."]
["A photo of a building with a clock tower on top.", "A tall building with a clocktowner and sky in the background.", "An old building with a flag and a clock against a cloudy sky.", "A large building has a clock tower on it.", "A large building with a clock tower on top of it"]
["A window sill with a white vase filled with flowers.", "A very pretty room with a small vase with some flowers.", "A room with a picture on a wall and a vase near the window with flowers in it. ", "A room with flowers sitting on the windowsill. ", "Ornate wall paper displayed on wall in brightly lit room."]
["A glass vase with flowers in it next to a pair of computer speakers. ", "A vase full of water and flowers are on the table", "White and red flowers in a vase with rocks in the bottom sitting on a table.", "A clear vase terrarium sits on a table between two glass objects.", "Several different plants sitting iin a watery setup"]
["Two laptops on the same table in a white office.", "Someone's work area with a laptop, mouse, assorted cords and empty jar.", "Two wires have a lot of wires coming from them.", "a couple of lap tops sitting next to each other on a table.", "There are two laptops left open on the desk. "]
["a black laptop and a notepad on a desk", "An open lap top computer on a wooden desk and two note pads also on the desk. ", "A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "a laptop paper candles desk pen and a window", "There are two notebooks and pens laying next to the lap tops."]
["A group of men sitting in front of laptop computers.", "three men sitting down and typing on laptops", "Three men looking at their laptops while sitting down. ", "Three men are typing on their laptop computers.", "Several men sitting in a row while they look at their laptops."]
["There are plenty of leftovers on the stove.", "Pots and pans sit on top of a range in a kitchen.", "The stove is full of cooking pots that are covered..", "Pots and covered dishes setting a stove in a kitchen.", "A kitchen with an oven with a meal being prepared"]
["A flag waving in the breeze atop a clock tower.", "A large clock tower has a flag on top.", "A picture of a building with a clock in it.", "Large tower with a clock on top and a flag at the peak.", "A tall clock tower with a flag on top."]
["People waiting on the platform of a train station.", "a train at a train station with people near by", "A red train pulling into a train station next to a man.", "some people standing on a platform waiting for trains to come", "Commuters waiting at a train station with a clock and digital information screens."]
["A man in a living room playing a video game. ", "A boy plays video games on his laptop.", "A man sitting on a couch in front of an open laptop computer.", "A man is on a couch looking at a computer laptop.", "The man sits in front of the computer and next to the television being entertained"]
["A wooden table topped with vases full of flowers next to a brick wall.", "Two vases of flower are sitting on the table with other pots. ", "A grouping of a watering can, potted plant, vase with flowers, a decanter and a crystal bowl on a table.", "A vase and flowers on a table in a room.", "A collection of vases and a potted plant sit on a table."]
["a stuffed animal sitting on top of a bed ", "A stuffed dog is wearing a NASA patch.", "A large brown teddy bear sitting on a blanket.", "A stuffed animal sits in front of a backpack ", "A teddy bear sitting in front of a back pack."]
["A wooden clock tower sits in a clearing on a clear day", "a clock on top of a small wooden tower", "A clock tower sits in front of a building in the mountains.", "a tower with a clock built into the side of it", "The clock tower is made from wooden support beans."]
["A wooden desk topped with three computer monitors.", "An office with computer screens, a laptop, printer, and other office accessories. ", "An editing studio inside of a room with a lot of electronics.", "a room with many screen and a very big map", "An office with a multiscreen computer on the desk"]
["A man tests a demonstration laptop inside of a store.", "A man testing out a laptop in a store.", "A young man using a laptop computer in a show room.", "The man is checking out the computer at the electronics store.", "A man standing in front of a laptop computer."]
["a close up of a person covered in snow sitting on the ground next to an oven", "A woman sitting in the snow in front of a oven.", "A young woman in a nightgown sitting in front of an oven.", "a woman covered in ice and snow is sitting next to an oven", "a person sitting on the floor covered in white dust"]
["A woman is putting a pizza in the oven.", "A woman getting food out of an oven in a kitchen.", "A woman is taking a pizza out of the oven.", "A woman putting a pizza into the oven to bake.", "A woman putting a pizza into the oven."]
["Fresh red and yellow tulips in a vase.", "Red and yellow tulips are in a vase on a table.", "A vase filled with yellow and red flowers.", "A vase of tulips sitting in the middle of a table.", "A picture of a vase of colorful flowers on a table. "]
["A pile of cut hair on top of a comb and pair of scissors.", "a batch of long curly hair that has been cut off", "A pile of locks of hair next to a pair of scissors.", "a close up of hair next to a brush and a pair of scissors", "a lock of recently cut hair lays on the floor"]
["A clock hosted on a pole on a pavement next to a building", "Street clock on quiet street with trees and bicycles.", "A tall clock stands on an empty sidewalk.", "A pole that has a clock on the top of it.", "a clock on a short tower and potted plants along the sidewalk"]
["a kitchen with white appliances and tiled floors.", "A refrigerator and stove next to a table.", "A refrigerator, stove and table are sitting side by side in a row.", "A kitchen area with a white stove and fridge near a table ", "A white kitchen filled with appliances next to a window."]
["A baby girl sitting on top of a green grass holding a cell phone.", "Cute little kid smiling while holding a cell phone", "A baby sitting on a picnic blanket in a park holding a cellphone.", "A toddler holds a cellphone while sitting in a park.", "an older baby sits in a grassy field, holding a cell phone to its face"]
["A child holding a Motorola cell phone in its hand ", "The baby is playing with the phone in the park.", "The baby on the blanket at the park is hoding  a Motorola phone.", "A little girl in a playground holds a cell phone to her face.", "a small child at a park putting a cellular phone to her mouth"]
["A kid sitting in a grassy field outside the water park gnaws on a cellphone. ", "A little child holding a smart phone while not wearing a shirt.", "A child in a park chewing on a cell phone.", "The young child is chewing on the cel phone.", "Child in the grass holding a cel phone to its face and a water slide in the back."]
["A man standing next to a circus clown.", "A sad clown with a patrion at the event", "A clown mimicking a man on a cell phone.", "A guy standing next to a sad clown.", "A man in clown makeup next to man on cellphone."]
["A hipster sits at a desk near a laptop while using his cell phone.", "A man in a hat using a cell phone and a laptop.", "A man sitting at a desk with a phone in hand.", "A man examines his phone at his desk", "A man sitting at a desk using his phone and laptop."]
["A naked little girl holding a cell phone.", "A naked baby sitting on a blanket in the grass holding a phone.", "Naked baby sitting on blanket in the middle of a grassy park.", "A young unclothed child partially covered with a blanket on another blanket holding a cell phone.", "A naked baby on a blanket it smiling and playing"]
["A city street with antique cars and pedestrians.", "The city street has a lot of cars parked on the side of it. ", "a city street with parked cars and buildings", "A black and white photo of city with vintage cars parked along the street.", "Black and white photograph of people and cars on a street."]
["A very tall brick clock tower sitting under a blue sky.", "A tower that has a clock on it is near a power line.", "A tall brick building with a roman numeral clock on it. ", "A clock tower stands against a partly cloudy sky.", "A brick tower with a clock on it."]
["A woman using a cell phone next to a laptop.", " A PERSON IS TEXTING ON THE PHONE", "A man sits in front of a laptop with his cell phone.", "Woman with a phone in front of her laptop computer.", "Someone typing into a cell phone while sitting in front of a laptop."]
["A cell phone sitting atop a beverage with a laptop on the side.", "A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden table.", "A cell phone balanced on top of a Gatorade bottle.", "A cellphone balanced on top of a Gatorade bottle", "A cellphone sitting on top of a bottle next to a laptop."]
["A cell phone sitting next to a nut shell and some toys.", "A group of objects in front of a phone.", "a small cellphone is on its side on a table", "There are some toys and a cell phone.", "Colorful toys in front of a cell phone rested on its side."]
["Man sitting on the sidewalk talking on a phone.", "A man is sitting at an off street location talking on his phone.", "A man sitting on the ground on a cell phone.", "A man in a red hoodie is sitting on the ground while taking on a phone.", "A man is sitting on the ground talking on a cellphone.."]
["the man is holding a phone next to his ear", "A cellular telephone held to a man's head", "A passenger in a car talks on his cell phone. ", "A man holds his cell phone to his ear to speak on it", "A MAN WITH DARK HAIR TALKING ON HIS PHONE "]
["Three boys are looking over the middle kids cellphone.", "Three young men looking at a cell phone.", "Three young men looking a a cell phone indoors.", "Three young guys standing around each other in shirts.", "three friends watching something attentively on a phone"]
["A woman with glasses and holding a cell phone on the street", "A woman is looking to the side while talking on her phone.", "A woman talking on a cell phone while talking past people.", "A woman walking down the street talking on a cell phone.", "A woman in a scarf and sweater talks on her cell phone in a large city."]
["Man and woman on an ice covered bridge.", "a couple of people are standing in the snow", "A woman taking a selfie near a ledge", "a couple of people that are standing on some ice", "A man and woman taking pictures at the edge of a canyon."]
["a view into a kitchen with  counter tops and wooden floors", "A kitchen with a table, dishwasher, sink and microwave.", "This is a photo of a kitchen in someones home.", "Kitchen with table and cabinet with sink and dishwasher. ", "A ver small and simple kitchen area with a sink, microwave, dishwasher and cabinets."]
["A black microwave oven with toys sitting on top of it.", "A black microwave with figurines on top of it", "The tiny figurines are placed on the microwave.", "a picture of toys on little plastic  pedestals ", "Plastic objects sitting on top of a black microwave."]
["a white stove is next to a window", "A white stove top oven sitting inside of a kitchen.", "a lone blue flower sits atop a window sill", "A kitchen stove located next to a window ledge.", "some plants sitting between a window and an oven "]
["A double oven mounted inside of a yellow wall.", "A small vending machine built into a wall.", "This appears to be a rather large oven or holding area for food", "The two ovens are built into a yellow wall.", "an oven built into a wall with yellow paint"]
["A kitchen with a stove an dove and wooden counter.", "Looking down at a flat top stove and stainless steel oven", "An oven on a wooden floor with nothing above it.", "a close up of a stove with electric hot pad", "A picture of a very clean stove in the kitchen. "]
["A white refrigerator freezer sitting in a park.", "a fridge with writing on it left outside ", "a old ice box standing out in a yard.", "A ruined refrigerator left abandoned on the lawn.", "A refrigerator outside on the grass with writing on it"]
["An adorable little blonde girl standing on top of a box.", "The young child is standing up high looking down at the camera.", "A young girl stands on a refrigerator and smiles.", "A young child is standing on top of a box.", "A little kid standing on a household appliance"]
["a store with a fridge and some cabinets and a customer", "An industrial building with refrigerators, desks, chairs and cabinets.", "some white refrigerators some chairs and a table", "A laboratory with several stand up cabinets and chairs.", "A lab with refrigerators and a man sitting nearby in an office."]
["table with small blue and green coat hanging off back of chair", "A small table that is between the television room and the kitchen.", "A small kitchen features a small wooden table with two chairs.", "A small wood grained and clean kitchen table in someone's house.", "A small kitchen with a table with two chairs."]
["a clock tower sits in the sun on a nice day", "This is a photo of a brick clock tower.", "A brown brick clock tower with a weather vein.", "Tall clock tower with a weather vein on a clear day.", "A photo focused on a building looking at the clock tower."]
["A clock that is on the side of a building.", "A lit up clock sits on top of a hotel roof. ", "A large clock sitting on top of a tall building.", "A sign reads \"Hotel Jaragua\" atop a large building.", "The hotel building has a clock displayed on the top of it."]
["A cooler filled with large beer cans and bottles for sale.", "A refrigerator full of beer bottles and beer cans.", "There is a refrigerator full of different beers", "The case is well stocked with some of the finest beer.", "A refrigerator case contains a large number of imported beers."]
["A street scene with a pole with the clock on top.", "A street side clock greets visitors for shopping.", "The white clock in front of the tree reads 1:33.", "a clock on a street corner in a town", "an analog clock on a street pole with multiple buildings in the background"]
["A clock is near a light post on a street.", "A clock stands on a pole on a street corner.", "A street corner with a clock and light pole is shown.", "a clock on a side walk on a city street", "A view if a pleasant downtown sidewalk with an old fashioned clock and street lights"]
["A room in the house has an all white surface area.", "Room with white walls, cupboards, counter top, and tile flooring.", "All white room with white shelving and open door.", "Some white cabinets in the corner of the room by the door.", "A kitchen area with multiple white cabinets and papers."]
["A group of people meeting at the public farmers market. ", "A crowded scene of a busy farmer's market.", "Farmers markets have become popular destination points in metropolitan areas.", "A crowded farmers market with a line of cars outside.", "A busy street of cars and a crowd of people."]
["A large clock hanging off the side of a building above a crowd.", "A crowd is gathered in front of an old brick building.", "An ornate building is viewed by a crowd.", "A group of people standing in front of an old stone building.", "A group stands under an old buildings balcony."]
["There is a very tall tower that has a clock on it", "A view of a tall cathedral style building with a clock.", "A brown clock tower with a sky in the background.", "An old building with a clock on the top.", "A very tall stone tower with a clock in the center."]
["A group of women stand in front of a table covered in small plastic cups.", "blood donors get ready to prepare the special koolaid", "Young adults serving food samples for a cause.", "Volunteers work together to set out samples of food.", "A table that has a large number of small cups of food on it."]
["A person standing inside of a clock shop with lots of clocks.", "A PERSON IS LOOKING AT CLOCKS ALL OVER", "a woman standing around a bunch of clocks \n", "a person wearing a black shirt and three white clocks", "Three clocks on a table, with an employee standing behind them."]
["A group of people standing outside of a building.", "People standing outside the doors of a stone building with a clock above the doors.", "The clock on the front of a building. ", "People walking inside of a large building wit a clock on the wall.", "In the station people are standing and talking."]
["A large clock mounted to a brick wall.", "A clock that is sitting on a brick wall.", "a city clock which is made on a brick-made wall", "A stone building with an old clock on the front.", "a black and tan clock on a brown brick building"]
["Two people holding each other while at dinner", "A couple of guy sitting at a table with a couple plates of food in front of them.", "The men in the photo have large platters of food in front of them. ", "a couple of men are eating at a table", "two men sitting at a table with different food items"]
["An old black and white photo of an intersection.", "A car that is driving in the road.", "Vintage cars traveling past storefronts in the rain.", "Two old fashioned cars drive down rainy streets.", "Cars drive through an intersection in the rain. "]
["an empty train station has very nice clocks. ", "two clock above a platform at a train station", "Two clocks are suspended from the ceiling of a train platform.", "A train platform with two clocks hanging down", "A train station with two clocks suspended from its ceiling at night."]
["a clock hanging from rafters of a building ", "A clock hanging from a ceiling next to a large boulder.", "A golden round clock is hanging from the ceiling.", "A ballroom type fixture displays a clock which hangs from a theatrical lighting boom over a large boulder.", "A clock hanging from the ceiling of a building. "]
["On the napkin is a teddy bear scarve.", "The teddy bear is crochet and is on the table. ", "a close up of a knitted stuffed animal", "A brown teddy bear laying on top of a bed.", "An embroidered animal is placed on top of a doily."]
["The corner of an intersection with a trash bin and clock.", "An old fashioned clock stands at the corner of NE Stella Street.", "Clock and flag on street corner of NE Stella St.", "A clock mounted on a poll near a city street sign.", "There is a clock sitting at the street corner."]
["A large outdoor clock with two faces and various designs and numbers on the faces.", "A very large abstract clock that is on a building.", "A large artistic clock is posted on the side of a building.", "a close up of a clock attached to a building ", "A large clock attached to the outside wall of a building."]
["Many white vases on a table in a room.", "Pottery is displayed on tables in the room where a man is.", "many vases sitting on a table in a pottery studio", "Guy working on a vase while others of different shape and sizes sit out to harden", "A table topped with lots of white vases sitting next to a man."]
["A shelf containing candles, flowers and a mirror.", "A small shelf with flowers near a mirror", "A mantle covered in flowers in vases and  candles.", "A glass vase of flowers on a mantle.", "A fireplace mantel is decorated with candles, plants and flowers."]
["Vase with water holds a bunch of flowers in front of window", "A vase filled with water and green plants.", "An arrangement of buds in a clear vase.", "A case of flowers sitting on top of the window seal.", "a glass vase with some plants coming out of it "]
["A glass vase filled with lots of flowers.", "a crystal vase with red flowers and greenery ", "A vase with flowers and other accents in it.", "A glass vase full of red flowers and greenery.", "A vase is holding an arrangement of flowers."]
["A statue-like replica of a rock, paper and scissors .", "A picture of a statue of rock paper and scissors", "A modern statue of rock, paper and scissors.", "An artsy rock-paper-scissors sculpture is cool and funky-looking.", "LARGE PIECE OF ART SHOWING SCISSORS OVER PAPER OVER ROCK"]
["A woman baking bread on top of a baking sheet.", "A baker woman preparing bread dough on a tray with wax paper. ", "A woman in an apron cutting some bread dough.", "A woman in a bakery cutting dough with scissors.", "A woman uses scissors to cut dough on a pan."]
["a teen holding onto a brown teddy bear ", "He remembers the teddy bear he had as a young child.", "A man holding a brown teddy bear while wearing a hipster shirt.", "The boy with glasses is holding a teddy bear.", "A man stands and holds a brown teddy bear."]
["A stuffed bear standing on top of a bed.", "A stuffed animal sitting on a table on a table runner.", "A teddy bear with a knitted backpack and another stuff animal in the back of it.", "A teddy bear and a metronome sitting on a table top.", "A teddy bear, dressed in pink, carrying her own teddy bear."]
["A couple of teddy bears sitting on either side of a Christmas Tree.", "Two teddy bears are sitting on a table with a tree.", "Two dressed up teddy bears are sitting by some lights.", "Two teddy bears are arranged around a tiny Christmas tree.", "Teddy bears sitting with a christmas tree with lights "]
["A woman dressed in military uniform speaks to a child.", "A woman soldier greeting a child with a bear.", "A woman soldier talking to a little boy ", "Woman standing in front of a small child holding a toy. ", "A service member trying to console a child."]
["A table with a couple of bears on it.", "a stuffed white bear is on a table", "two white teddy bears on a white table", "A table with two teddy bears sitting on it with writing on them. ", "Bride and groom teddy bears on top of a table."]
["The teddy bear is sitting next to the buddha statue,", "a stuffed panda bear with a back pack ", "A stuffed panda bear is sitting on a bench near a Buddha statue. ", "a panda stuffed toy next to a statue", "A stuffed panda bear sitting next to a buddha statue."]
["A stuffed animal and some cans on a street.", "A stuffed animal dog wedged between some recycling bins.", "A stuffed dog wedged between to trash cans", "A stuffed animal dog sitting between to trash cans.", "A stuffed dog is wedged between two plastic trash cans."]
["A bride is eating steak at a table.", "Bridal party seated at table with food and red wine.", "A man and a woman are dressed formally at a formal dinner.", "Smiling bride with dinner plate in front of her.", "A bride and groom sitting at a table with food."]
["A table with a pot of food next to a map.", "a table with food and other things for camping and a park map", "A table outside has two bowls of food on it", "A picture of a map and some food.", "Several food containers on a table of wood near a map."]
["Two plates that have different foods inside of them.", "Vegetable juice is a perfect offset for this rice, greens and skewered meat entree. ", "a close up of a plate of food with meat", "Food and a croissant on plates next to a glass of juice.", "A WHITE BOWLS OF FOOD WITH A GLASS OF ORANGE JUICE ON THE SIDE "]
["A plate has chicken, waffles, quiche and pineapple.", "Chicken and waffles are on a plate next to pineaples.", "Close up view of fried chicken, waffles, fruit, and other food. ", "Waffle with butter, chicken, bakes souffle and leftover cheese.", "there are waffles with chicken and some fruit"]
["A tray is overloaded with a food assortment.", "An assortment of foods in bowls, drinks and condiments on a table.", "cafeteria tray with a meal,bread,drink,desert and a cup", "A table topped with plates and containers filled with food.", "The table of food features a variety of choices."]
["A man drinking something out of a glass.", "A person drinking from a wine glass in their hand.", "A man taking a sip of red wine from a glass", "A person with spiky hair is drinking from a wine glass.", "A man drinking from a wine glass in a dark room."]
["Man giving the peace sign to a lady taking a picture with a smart phone.", "A man making a peace sign for a woman taking his picture.", "Woman taking a picture of a restaurant chef with her cell phone.", "A chef taking pictures behind a table with several plates on it.", "a person taking a photo of a person in chef wear"]
["A couple of cars and some watermelons on a street..", "A road side market filled with lots of water melon and other things.", "FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STAND WITH LOTS OF WATERMELONS", "A woman in a pink shirt at a farmers market beside a road. ", "A pile of watermelons that are being displayed outside."]
["The elderly man in a cap is sitting on a wooden bench. ", "A man sitting on a bench outside of a building.", "An old man sitting on a bench and he is wearing a purse", "An elderly man sits on a wooden bench.", "a man with gaunt features sits on a bench as if waiting for a bus"]
["A woman standing under an umbrella looking up.", "An older lady is holding her umbrella, looking away. ", "A woman in a blue blazer and glasses holds a plaid umbrella and her purse outdoors.", "a person wearing glasses holding an open umbrella", "a woman standing with an umbrella over her head "]
["A group of people set on the ground talking in a park.", "A group of people sitting on the grass eating food", "There is a picnic with people sitting in the grass.", "People sitting in the grass while two people are standing.", "A group of people have a picnic on a sunny day."]
["Two teenaged boys sitting on the floor posing next to a computer.", "Two boys sit behind a small computer and smile", "Two guys sitting next to an old computer screen.", "Two people on the floor next to a computer.", "Two young men are posing for the camera in front of the computer. "]
["A girl sits on a pillow thinking and writing into a notebook.", "the student is posing with a notebook and a volleyball.", "A young woman working in a notebook while sitting on a cushion.", "The child has a ball, notebook, and pen.", "a girl sitting on a pillow while doing some homework"]
["A man riding a motorcycle with a woman on back of it.", "a couple of people that are riding on a bike", "A couple of people riding a motorcycle and waving", "a man and a woman are on a motorcycle", "The man is riding a woman on the back of his bike."]
["A group of people are looking at a plane being removed from a field by a bulldozer.", "People watching a light aircraft being salvaged by a bulldozer", "A recovey crew dressed in blue at an airplane crash site.", "people standing around as a tractor pulls a plane", "A picture of a plane in the grass."]
["A woman standing in a kitchen next to a sink.", "A very fit lady standing in a kitchen by a sink.", "A girl standing at a kitchen sink with a rag in her hand.", "woman with cleaning chemicals cleaning the counter top", "A woman standing in the kitchen barefoot in front of a sink."]
["A woman with a nice ass standing in a kitchen preparing food.", "Barefoot woman in blue jeans standing cleaning the kitchen counter", "A woman standing at a counter in a kitchen.", "A woman standing barefoot in front of a kitchen stove.", "A girl sitting in a kitchen with a tiled floor"]
["A cafeteria type kitchen that is not in use.", "A commercial kitchen with pots several pots on the stove.", "An industrial kitchen with white walls and stainless steel counters.", "A clean steel industrial kitchen with minimal lighting. ", "a very clean kitchen with pots and pans"]
["A kitchen with a clean sink and counter.", "The kitchen sink is clean and ready for us to use. ", "A kitchen area with counters and a chrome sink.", "A closeup of a kitchen sink and a washing machine ", "The kitchen sink is next to a dishwasher."]
["Guy poses for picture by kitchen sink with two dogs", "A man in the kitchen with his two large dogs.", "A man and two dogs in a room.", "A man kneeling down next to two large dogs.", "A man kneels petting two large adult dogs."]
["A dog standing next to an address marker and a woman holding an umbrella.", "a dog standing near a street sign on a dirt road", "A thin dog is standing by a marker in the road. ", "A white dog standing by a sign on the street. ", "A dog is walking alone on a dirt road."]
["A woman taking a drink and a man eating a banana in a kitchen.", "A woman drinking from a cup while standing in a kitchen.", "a couple of men are standing in a kitchen", "two people in a kitchen near appliances ", "A woman is drinking a beer in the kitchen."]
["A man standing on a snow covered field holding skis.", "A person kneeling down with a set of ski's in their hands.", "A person is kneeling down in the snow holding skis.", "a snow skier in a blue jacket is kneeling down ", "A skiier down on their knees with skis and poles."]
["A group of people skiing down a snow covered slope.", "Six people in snow field with ski equipment.", "Six people, adults and children, wearing skis and helmets standing or skiing on snow.", "A group of children and adults are skiing in the snow.", "A group of people ski down the mountain slope."]
["Two people wearing skis on a snowy hill ", "The two people are skiing down the snowy slope.", "Two skiers coming down a mountain with a slalom course.", "Two people who are standing in the snow on skis.", "a couple skiers skiing through cones down a slope "]
["A man sitting on the snow while riding a snowboard.", "a person sitting while wearing a snowboard looking at another snowboarder ", "A man is riding a snowboard while another sits watching.", "Two people on snowboards on a slope one sitting on the snow.", "Two people outside who are using snow boards."]
["A group of people are standing in the snow on skis.", "a group of people standing in the snow  with gear on", "a bunch of people are standing on a snowy hill", "Several people standing next to each other that are snow skiing.", "a bunch of people on skiing on a hill"]
["Several people snowboarding and one skiing in the snow.", "some snowboarders and skiers in the snow on a hill", "Six people standing on snowboards atop a snowy incline.", "people are learning to ski and to snowboard", "A group of snowboarders in the snowy conditions"]
["a subway train with one passenger waiting to board ", "a underground train station in the bronx are ", "A New York subway train pulls in to the station", "A subway train is leaving a station.  ", "A subway station with a train pulling out of it."]
["A man riding on skis down a slope on a course.", "a man that  is skiing down a snowy hill", "A man with a red jacket and goggles skis down a mountain", "A skier makes their way down a snowy course", "A man wearing a red arctic coat snow skiing down a snow covered hill."]
["a man is flying a kite in a field", "A man is flying a kite outside in a field", "A person flying a kite in the grass, during the day.", "A man that is standing in the grass with a kite.", "A person flying a kite in a field."]
["A large blue octopus kite flies above the people having fun at the beach.", "a large crowd of people at the beach with one person holding a kite ", "Many people are walking and playing on the beach.", "A crowded beach scene with families playing and a kite flying", "At a crowed beach, someone flies a kite resembling an octopus."]
["Two people standing in the grass flying a kite.", "Young people standing in open field with many kites in air at outdoor event.", "two people are watching a bunch of kite-flyers on a beach", "A large group of people flying various kites.", "two people standing near one another with kites in the air "]
["Long counter in center of room surrounded by grocery cases.", "A kitchen area with a counter and refrigerators.", "An empty grocery area with several trash and recycling containers.", "A long table sits in the middle of the floor.\n", "A long food preparation counter in a commercial kitchen."]
["two people in a kitchen area preparing food on a stove", "A man and a woman preparing food in a kitchen.", "A man and woman in kitchen preparing food by a stove.", "Two people in a kitchen standing next to an industrial stove.", "A woman smiles as a man cooks on a stove."]
["A white sink on a counter in a room.", "A sink with a towel draped over the sink.", "Brown, beige and cream are the predominant colors in an area that encompasses a wall, a sink with a hand towel over it, and a counter with a cutting board and other kitchen implements, resting above some cabinets. ", "A white sink sitting next to a wooden cutting board.", "A kitchen sink and counter with brown and tan wall tiles."]
["A woman leans against a kitchen counter as two boys clean pumpkins on a newspaper covered table.", "A woman watches as two boys carve pumpkins.", "Two kids cleaning out their pumpkins as a woman watches nearby. ", "Two boys having fun carving pumpkins as a woman watches", "Two boys carving pumpkins while a lady watches."]
["Small boy on a skateboard riding down the street way.", "a kid walks down a plaza next to a building ", "A person is riding a skateboard in a town square.", "A person riding a skateboard in front of a building.", "A youth on a skateboard moving across concrete tile with people in the background."]
["A young man holding a skateboard while wearing head phones.", "A man with large headphones and a scarf is holding a skateboard. ", "THRE IS A MAN THAT IS HOLIDNG A SKATE BOARD IN HADN", "A man with headphones around his neck and holding a skateboard.", "GUY WEARING HEADPHONES AROUND HIS NECK, CARRYING A SKATE BOARD"]
["Woman standing in a dark wooded kitchen with a carton in her hands.", "A woman shakes up a carton of milk.", "A woman standing in a kitchen shaking a carton of juice.", "A woman in a kitchen holding a milk carton with both hands.", "A woman holding a beverage carton in a kitchen"]
["A woman standing in a kitchen holding a jug of milk.", "a woman standing in a kitchen holding a carton ", "A woman in blue jeans stands in a kitchen holding a beverage carton and looking at the camera.", "Woman pouring a glass of egg nog on the counter.", "A woman in a kitchen holding a carton."]
["a person standing on a side walk underneath a traffic light", "A woman standing next to a traffic light over a street.", " a woman standing in a parking lot next to a light pole in the dusk", "Woman standing under a traffic light at night.", "A woman standing at a red traffic light at a cross walk."]
["A kitchen being remodeled covered in lots of clutter.", "A cluttered kitchen with the cabinet drawers missing in half of it.", "Kitchen area with appliances and cabinets with missing doors.", "a white oven a sink a dishwasher and a microwave", "a kitchen with plastic bags on the floor"]
["a close up of a woman wearing jewelry and a boat in the background", "A woman dressed up with a boat in the background.", "The Indian woman is standing near the water.", "A woman is adorned in head and body jewelry as a boat leaves the shore.", "A woman stands by the water with a boat behind her."]
["A light that is on a ceiling in a kitchen.", "a bunch of food equipment set up in a cozy kitche", "A kitchen with a green oven, pink refrigerator, microwave and sink.", "A kitchen that has a sink, stove, and refrigerator.", "an old fashioned kitchen with pink refrigerator and green stove."]
["A little girl in ponytails holding on to a teddy bear.", "A pretty young girl smiles at the camera as she poses with her teddy bear.", "A small girl with blue eyes hugs a Teddy bear.", "a small girl and her teddy bear wearing a tshirt", "A girl with pigtails holding a teddy bear wearing a shirt. ", "a young girl holding onto a teddy bear that wears a shirt"]
["A woman is walking her dog across the street.", "a building with a bunch of people walking around", "A view of a building from the other side of a street intersection.", "A woman walking a white dog across the street.", "This is the outside of a building in a city."]
["A small sailboat docked at a local shore.", "a man sits on his bicycle in front of a sailboat", "A person on a bicycle passes a sailboat in the water.", "Sailboat is on the water and someone on a bike is looking at it.", "A white sailboat on some calm waters and a bicyclist next to it."]
["A bicycle sits next to an empty park bench.", "A bike with side packs leans against a wooden bench.", "A bicycle with a bag on it parked next to a park bench.", "A bicycle with saddle bags leans on a bench.", "The bike is parked next to the empty bench. "]
["A picture of a cat on a bike panted on a garage door.", "An urban garage door painted with a cat riding a bicycle.", "A gate has a graffiti picture of a cat riding a bike.", "An image on a gate of a cat on the bike. ", "an image of graphic art on a garage door"]
["A woman standing in front of a bathroom mirror taking a picture of herself.", "A woman is taking a picture in a bathroom mirror.", "A woman with a red sweater taking a picture of herself in the mirror of a bathroom.", "The woman in holding a red garment takes a photo of herself in the mirror.", "A woman is taking a picture in the bathroom."]
["a bathroom with two sinks two mirrors and a bath tub", "The bathtub is in a corner with three windows surrounding it.", "Bathroom with windows, a shower, bathtub, and double sink.", "A bathroom with a white bath tub and his and her sinks.", "A bathroom has a brown and yellow accents."]
["A bathroom with a shower curtain, a toilet, a sink and cabinets.", "there is a bathroom with a black carpet in it ", "A small bathroom with striped shower curtain and little rug", "A toilet sits between a sink and bathtub", "A bathroom with a striped shower curtain and black rug."]
["A bathroom with walk-in shower, deep tub and sink overlooks other townhouses", "A tub with a shower stall, sink and a mirror on it.", "a bath tub brown cabinets lights a sink and shower", "The bathroom has a large tub next to the windows.", "A deep soaking tub in the corner of a bathroom"]
["A yellow striped cat sitting on a bathroom sink.", "A cat makes a face as it sits on a bathroom counter.", "A cat is sitting on a bathroom sink near a water bottle.", "A cat is sitting on top of a bathroom sink.", "Close up of a cat sitting on countertop in a bathroom"]
["a brown and white cat sitting in a bathroom sink ", "A cat that is sitting in a sink.", "A small cat sitting in a bathroom sink.", "A cat laying in a white sink under a faucet.", "A cat is lying down in a sink in the bathroom."]
["A man is brushing his teeth while a piece of tissue sticks out of his ear.", "A man looking in a mirror with a toothbrush in his mouth and cotton swabs in one of his ears.", "The man brushing his teeth in the mirror has paper in his ears. ", "A man has a weird face looking in a mirror.", "A man that is brushing his teeth is having his picture taken. "]
["A bathroom with bathtub, sink, toilet and washing machine.", "A bathroom with a washer, toilet and tub.", "A washer and toilet, sink and tub in a bathroom.", "A white washer machine positioned in a bathroom.", "this bathroom has a washing machine in it"]
["A white sink under a mirror in a bathroom next to a light switch.", "a bathroom with a sink and a mirror in it", "The sink has a mirrored cabinet above it", "A sink with a few mirrors and soap. ", "The bathroom is empty. There is no one in it."]
["a brown and black counter a bath tub and a mirror and cups", "A large mirror appears to overtake the bathroom.", "a bathroom with a stand up see through shower", "The reflection of the sink is seen in both the glass shower door and the mirror.", "A bathtub with a bath, sink, and mirror. "]
["A standing toilet sitting underneath a window in a room.", "A small bathroom features a toilet on the floor, a window and a very small bathtub.", "A few objects are placed in what seems to be an empty bathroom. ", "A toilet and a soaking tub are inside a bathroom.", "A toilet that is sitting on a tile floor."]
["A bathroom with a white toilet underneath a window.", "View of a bathroom vanity looking into a separate room with a toilet and window.", "This bathroom contains a toilet, sink, and window.", "A home bathroom with the sink in a separate room", "Clean bathroom painted in pink and white paint."]
["A bathroom filled with a row of sinks under mirrors.", "A commercial bathroom sink area decorated with flowers.", "A public bathroom is draped in wreaths and flowers as if for a special event.", "A very large fancy rest room adorned with white flowers.", "A bathroom counter decorated with vines and flowers"]
["A bathroom with a tub and toilet. ", "A bathroom with stone walls and white and red accents.", "A bathroom with a bathtub, toilet, and sink.", "A bathroom with a tub, toilet and a sink.", "The bathroom in the house needs to be remodeled. "]
["A bicyclist is riding across the street next to someone on a motorcycle. ", "close up of a person riding a bike on a city street", "A person riding a bicycle across a crosswalk in the rain.", "A man peddling a bicycle on the street.", "A bicycle and a moped going different directions in a cross walk."]
["A bathroom with a white bath tub and a sink.", "The corner of a small bathroom showing the sink and bath.", "A bathroom in a house with a white color scheme", "A renovated bathroom with intricate tile work and a claw foot tub", "A small bathroom with a bathtub and a window. "]
["A woman's reflection of her taking a picture of a sink and toilet.", "A woman is taking a picture of her bathroom. ", "a person taking a photo in a mirror", "A bathroom area has large windows and a counter and a white sink.", "A woman is using a mirror in a bathroom to take a photo"]
["A bathroom sink with a bottle of cleaning solution on it. ", "An empty bathroom with only a spray bottle of cleaner on the counter.", "a bottle is sitting on top of a white sink", "A bottle that is next to a sink.", "a bathroom that has a big sink in it"]
["A white bath tub sitting under a window next to a  sink.", "a bath room wit ha sink and a bath tub", "A white sink and bathtub in a bathroom.", "A bathroom with a tub, windows, a sink and a spray bottle. ", "A white bathroom with a sink and a bathtub"]
["Two pictures of streets with cars on them. ", "Century old buildings stand near streets in a city.", "Two photos of a traffic circle and it's signs in a European city", "a street sign and a building with a car in front of it", "Two views of a city street, the one on the left of traffic signals on the right traffic on the street."]
["A small bathroom with a shower, sink, and two toilets.", "The small bathroom has a toilet and a bidet.", "A bathroom with a white toilet next to another toilet.", "A simple bathroom with a toilet and bidet.", "A clean white bathroom includes are circular shower curtain holder over a larger tub for half privacy."]
["A fire hydrant sitting on the side of a city street.", "The fire hydrant is on the concrete beside the road.", "A fire hydrant on a sidewalk near a street.", "a fire hydrant sits next to a street ", "Fire hydrant sits in bricked area near fenced roadway."]
["A car is parked on the street by some signs.", "There is a white car on a busy street.", "A car and a sign on a city street.", "a car parked on a city street ", "A car parked on the side of the road in a parking trap"]
["A street scene of a road going through the mountains.", "A road curving around hills has one car on it.", "A yellow car driving away on the road. ", "A small yellow and black car driving around the bend of a road between large hill formations.", "a small yellow car going around a turn and a sign"]
["A partial view of a toilet and sink in a bathroom.", "An open door to a small bathroom and someone sitting in a wooden chair.", "Black and white photograph of people at table outside of a bathroom.", "a man sitting in a chair by the bathroom ", "A stylized photo of a person sitting in a chair near a bathroom."]
["A white sink sitting under a mirror next to a toilet.", "A public restroom with toilet, sink and a grab bar.", "a mirror a sink a toilet  and a blue basket", "white toilet and sink with mirror on white wall", "a bathroom with a reflection of a trash can in the mirror "]
["A small bathroom stall with a toilet and wash basin.", "A bathroom with a cabinet, toilet and sink. ", "Hose attachment linked to bathroom sink  next to the toilet.", "A small white bathroom with pedestal sink and toilet.", "A small bathroom with a toilet and sink."]
["A restroom with focus on the modern sink.", "An apartment's sleek bathroom, white sink in focus", "A picture of a clean modern style bathroom", "A sink that has a mirror in the bathroom.", "A small tiled bathroom with several mirros of varying shape."]
["A toilet with an object hanging off of it.", "A restroom with a toilet and sink and a brown object hanging off the side of the toilet.", "A teddy bear with it's face in the trashcan. ", "A very disorganized bathroom with the toilet seat being touched.", "Bathroom scene with a specially made sponge for cleaning toilet"]
["A white toilet sitting in a bathroom on a wooden floor.", "A bathroom scene with an impressionist painting hung on the wall.", "an image of a clean half bathroom with wood floors", "Small toilet with a green and white painting hanging on the wall. ", "A view into a simple bathroom from the door."]
["Pair of dogs sitting on green towel in back seat of motor vehicle.", "A black and brown dog laying on top of a chair.", "Two dogs sitting in the backseat of a car.", "Two small dogs are riding in the back of a car.", "Two small dogs sitting on a towel in the back seat of a car."]
["A man and a dog ride in a convertible.", "a man and his dog riding in a green convertible ", "A person and a dog are riding in a convertible.", "A man with a dog driving in his green convertible. ", "A small car parked with a dog in the back seat "]
["A dog is getting its picture taken from the driver's seat", "An ownder of a dog takes a picture of the dog in the back seat.", "A rear view mirror that shows a dog sitting in the backseat.", "A large dog is being photographed through a rear view mirror.", "A dog is riding in the car in the back seat."]
["A desk sitting next to a showroom of cars in it.", "A composite image of an office desk, cars and buildings.", "Looking through the window of showroom at car dealership.", "two cars parked side by side on a show room floor", "Several cars parked near a desk holding a computer."]
["A couple of yellow buses driving down a city street.", "Buses are going on the road of a congested and hilly city.", "A couple of buses that are sitting in the street.", "Two buses with scenery of houses and building behind the buses", "Yellow commuter buses turning in roadway at city intersection."]
["A man sitting in a passenger seat of a vehicle, wearing a dress shirt and tie.", "A man sitting in a  car wearing a tie and a seat belt.", "a close up of a person wearing a suit and tie", "A man in a car wearing tie and seat belt.", "Guy in shirt and tie takes a selfie in the car."]
["Top down view of a bathroom with a toilet and trash can.", "Toilet in a small room with plant pots.", "A bathroom with only a toilet, a pipe, a jug, and a trash bin.", "Someone is standing in a bathroom with a toilet and some other items. ", "A lady at a stall that had toilets."]
["A toilet that is on the ground in a bathroom.", "A squatting toilet in the floor of a small restroom.", "A toilet in a hole in the floor. ", "An eastern-style public toilet is pictured in this image.", "A floor level urinal in a public bathroom."]
["A young man standing next to a race car with the red sox logo on it's hood.", "A young boy standing in front of a sponsored car.", "A man standing near a red sox nascar", "A young boy  standing by a Red Sox car wearing Red Sox shirt and visor", "A young man standing next to a racecar on a display lot."]
["a man speeds between cars and a bus on his skateboard on the street in a city", "a person skateboarding in traffic in between cars", "a skateboarder a bus some cars and buildings", "a person on a skate board rides next to some traffic ", "The man is skateboarding between vehicles in the city street. "]
["A white toilet tin a bathroom sitting next to a sink.", "A closed toilet seat in a bathroom next to a checkered curtain.", "The plastic shower curtain is closed next to the toilet.", "THIS IS A VERY SMALL BUT CLEAN BATHROOM", "A small bathroom with a fabric shower curtain "]
["An unfinished bathroom with a toilet is being worked on.", "A bathroom being remodeled with a toilet missing the tank lid.", "The toilet is disconnected and being worked on. ", "A bathroom being remodeled with toilet set aside", "A new white toilet being installed in a room with newly installed dry wall."]
["A white toilet sitting inside of a restroom next to toilet paper.", "A toilet is in a bathroom stall with a trash can.", "A toilet with a small tank in a tiny bathroom", "A small, modern commode in a public restroom that needs to be cleaned.", "A bathroom with a trashcan, toilet and tile floor."]
["A small baby bird on a piece of metal.", "A small bird sitting in a metal wheel ", "A bird that is sitting in the rim of a tire.", "A close up of a very small and cute bird.", "Small young bird standing on metal wheel hub."]
["A close up of a front end of a motorcycle and tire.", "A motorcycle front tire with the brake system showing.", "A low-angle view of the front fork of a motorcyle from the tire to the headlight.", "The front wheel of a parked motorcycle is slanted.  ", "An up close photo of a motorcycle tire. "]
["A small bed laying on top of a table.", "A bird stting on what appears to be a piece of machinery. ", "Small bird with fluffy feathers sitting in nest", "a small bird with its head pulled back", "A newborn baby bird sitting quietly by itself "]
["A motorcycle leaning on a car in street.", "A gold and black motorcycle with a dealer sticker parked.", "A motorcycle sits in front of a green car at night.", "A motorcycle is parked perpendicular to the hood of a car.", "A very nice honda motorcycle in front of a car."]
["A toilet is shown with a black ruck.", "Inside of a bathroom with a toilet and trash can.", "Black container sitting on top of a white toilet and a bathroom. ", "A toilet with a fake sushi roll on top of it.", "A single toilet in bathroom with a tiled floor"]
["A motorcycle parked on a walkway next to a dog.", "A motorcycle covered with a red blanket is parked in the middle of a plaza.", "A little dog is running around an outside shopping stand.", "A motorcycle parked in front of a temple", "A bike parked in the middle of a street covered up with a cloth .\n"]
["A tiny bathroom with only a toilet and a shelf.", "Small bathroom with a toilet and a sink.", "A narrow bathroom has a white door on its side", "Rather narrow bath room that appears to be being remodeled.", "Unfinished bathroom with broken toilet next to a bookshelf."]
["A wild animal drinks water from the toilet bowl.", "A puts its entire head into a toilet to drink.", "A cat is drinking from inside the toilet bowl", "a bathroom stale with a toilet and an animal drinking water inside ", "A cat drinks from a toilet in a bathroom."]
["A man on a motorcycle who took a picture of himself in his rear view mirror.", "A motorcyclist's head is reflected as he rides in his side mirror.", "A motorcyclist makes a face into a rear view mirror.", "A motorcyclist rides down the highway smiling in his mirror. ", "A mans reflection in the side mirror of a motorcycle."]
["A plethora of toilet bowls and urinals all in a row.", "Rows of sinks and toilets are lined up.", "there are many white sinks and toilets here", "A bunch of old toilets and sinks beside each other. \n", "A pile of sinks sitting next to a pile of toilets."]
["A red motorcycle is on the sidewalk in front of a business with ads on the windows.", "A red motorcycle is parked outside of a cafe.", "A small motor bike sits parked outside a copy shop.", "a motorcycle parked near a building near windows", "A red motorcycle parked in front of a restaurant."]
["A laptop sits on a toilet seat in a black and white photo.", "a laptop is placed on top of a toilet lid", "An open laptop computer sits on a closed toilet. ", "Silver laptop sitting on top of a public toilet. ", "A laptop sitting on top of a toilet in a room."]
["two plates of food on a table with chairs", "Two trays of supper are kept on a table.", "a table filled with plates with red chairs next to it ", "a black table with some red chairs around it", "A cafe with black table and red chairs."]
["This white bowl has rice, broccoli, and fish in it.", "A BOWL OF VEGETABLES WITH SAUCE PORED OVER THEM", "A bowl of broccoli and white rice with a red sauce.", "The bowl is full of broccoli with meat in it.", "An asian salad resting on a bed of rice."]
["a statue of a person riding a horse in front of a building", "A statue of a man riding a horse next to a very tall building.", "A statue of a man riding a horse sits atop the sculpture in the square.", "a city square at night with buildings around it", "A dusk view of the city center focused on the statue of a man on a horse. "]
["A newly married couple eating cake with each other.", "two newlyweds feeding each other wedding cake with their fingers ", "A bride and groom putting pieces of cake into each other's mouths. ", "A couple of people standing by a cake on a table.", "Bride and groom feed each other piece of cake "]
["A person sitting next to a toilet that is sitting on a sidewalk and filled with papers.", "A toilet made out of cardboard, holding newspaper inside.", "There is a toilet in the street with newspapers in it", "A toilet on a street with graffite written on it", "A toilet has Korean writing and papers in its bowl. "]
["A toilet that has a Harry Potter themed lid.", "There is a toilet with a decorative seat", "a toilet seat decorated with several peoples faces", "The toilet has decorations on the seat in the bathroom. ", "A boy takes a selfie in a bathroom with Harry Potter decorations."]
["A gray and white cat sitting in blue bowl.", "A small gray kitten sitting in a blue bowl", "A kitty sitting in a blue bowl on a table.", "A small kitten sits in a large bowl. ", "A grey and white kitten sitting in a blue bowl."]
["A small kitten is sitting in the bowl on the scale.", "A kitten sitting in a bowl on top of a scale. ", "There is a big room with furniture and items inside. \n", "A baby kitten in a blue bowl on a kitchen scale.", "A grey cat sitting inside a blue bowl"]
["a toilet sitting in a tile covered floor in a single room", "a toilet with a black lid in a small room", "Toiler with elevated tank in narrow bathroom stall.", "This room only has a toilet and the tank for the toilet is suspended on the wall above the toilet. ", "a toilet with a black lid and the tank in the air"]
["A laptop on a desk in a room.", "A laptop that is sitting on a desk.", "A laptop is sitting on a wood table", "A laptop computer is on a city desk.", "The computer is at the desk in front of the window."]
["There is a bowl of fresh fruit on the table.", "a bowl of a lot of different fruit in it", "A white bowl filled with different types of fruit.", "Apples pear and orange in white fruit bowl", "This white bowl has several pieces of fruit in it."]
["A pile of different fruits sitting next to each other in a  bowl.", "Bowl full of red apples, oranges and pears.", "An assortment of fruit consisting of oranges, apples, and pears.", "There is a bowl of fruit with apples, pears, and oranges in it.", "some fruit grouped together including apple orange and pear"]
["a god in a small cage sitting on a dog bed", "A dog looks away as it sits in a cage.", "The dog is sitting on the cushion in the cage.", "A dog sitting in a bed outside in his cage. ", "A dog sitting in a kennel on a bed with its mouth opened."]
["A wooden table topped with a  banana and a muffin.", "A Starbucks cup next to a muffin and a banana on a table.", "A coffee cup next to a muffin and a banana.", "A banana, a muffin and a stabucks coffee", "A Starbucks cup of coffer, a muffin, and a banana sit on top of a table."]
["The street sign is across from an electronic sign of a restaurant.", "a street sign with a building in the background", "A sign is shown lit up on a building.", "a pole with street signs in front of a restaurant with a neon sign ", "a very beautiful house which the lights are on"]
["two people with a motorcycle and trailer parked by a waterfall.", "A guy stands next to a guy riding a motorcycle. ", "a motorcycle with a luggage holder in the back parked next to a waterfall", "A pair of motorcycle riders stop to admire a waterfall.", "Two motorcyclists near a purple motorcycle towing a trailer."]
["A striped cat sleeping on someones white purse", "A tiger cat sitting on top of a white purse.", "an image of a cat sitting in a purse", "A cat sitting right next to an open purse", "A tabby cat laying on top of a purse."]
["A man in green shoes stands next to a red motorcycle.", "A man in sneakers standing near a motorcycle", "A man stands next to a red motorbike.", "The lower half of a man standing next to a motorcycle. ", "A man standing next to a motor bike."]
["A cat that is playing on the ground with a door.", "A yellow cat with stripes laying on its side next to a door and looking up.", "A cat is pushing a door open with paws while laying down.", "An orange tabby cat rests on the ground in front of a white wooden door.", "a small cat pushes up against a door."]
["This studio apartment has a twin size bed by the wall.", "Apartment that looks neat with bed and kitchen being in the same room.", "A studio apartment with a bed, a table, and a kitchen area.", "A room with a bed and two glass sliding doors.", "Someone is living in this studio apartment for one person."]
["A grey brick building with snow outside. ", "The wall of a building with an obsolete, old looking fire equipment box.", "a back of a warehouse showing the door and a small shed that says fire hydrant and hose.", "A orange fire hose box next to a door.", "A compartment that holds a fire hydrant hose."]
["A TV sitting on top of a wooden stand.", "A television sitting on a stand with a video device below.", "there is a small tv that is on a small tv stand", "There is no current technology involved with this TV equipment. ", "A TV on top of a table and and an old video machine is sitting beneath it."]
["An open laptop equipped with a webcam in front of a television. ", "An open laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.", "A computer screen open to someone running on video", "A laptop computer with a web cam on top of it.", "A computer with a webcam in front of a television and bookshelf."]
["a little plane landing on the water ", "Small single engine prop plane gliding over the water.", "A plane fitted with pontoons moving around in the water.", "A yellow striped sea plane sitting atop very blue water.", "A white and yellow biplane on water next to dock."]
["A large jetliner sitting on top of an airport tarmac.", "Rear diagonal view of a commercial airline plane on the ground at an airport.", "An plane parked at an airport on the cement.", "a big jumbo jet gets ready to take off ", "there is a large colorful train that is at the airport"]
["A plane sitting on top of a dirt field next to another plane.", "A plane with a propeller sitting in the dirt.", "An old green airplane parked in the dirt.", "An old plane rests on the dirt, it's wheels against cinder blocks.", "a large old looking plane in the dirt"]
["An airplane parked on a dirty field next to a chain fence.", "Many old airplanes are parked on a field.", "A grey fighter jet on display in a dirt area.", "An old propeller airplane that is on display.", "an old jet fighter with a propellor sitting in a plane graveyard"]
["A large large floating out in the water with an airplane flying over it.", "A boat is riding in the water while a helicopter is going by.", "A boat is sailing in the ocean and an airplane and helicopter are flying overhead.", "a helicopter and small plane fly through the air over the ocean and a large boat ", "a large boat with a plane flying above"]
["An airplane in the water a short distance from a rocky shore.", "Airplane sitting in the water with a man watching it. ", "A man watching a plane in the ocean. ", "A man standing on top of a pile or rocks near a plane in a lake.", "A white airplane is nose deep in dark water."]
["Two airliners on the snowy runway of an airport", "Several airplanes can be seen at the airport but there is also snow on the ground here.", "An airport tarmac covered in snow and jetliners.", "A small vehicle attached to a cart is parked underneath an airliner's tail.", "There was an artist vent used when painting the airplanes."]
["a couple of soldiers are sitting on a plane", "An airplane is full of service men heading to their next destination.", "multiple soldiers wearing camoflage uniforms on on airplane", "Several soldiers sitting in their seats on an airplane. ", "A group of people are sitting on a plane."]
["a bunch of airplanes that are inside of a building", "model airplanes hanging from the ceiling inside an airport", "The people are looking at the elevated airplanes.", "A few people are attending an aviation museum event.", "A museum filled with all sorts of different styles planes."]
["A passenger jet aircraft flying in the sky.", "High flying jet plane as seen from ground on cloudy day.", "A large let flying through a  cloudy blue sky.", "An airplane is flying in the clear blue skies.", "An airplane flies high above int he sky"]
["A large jet flying through a cloudy blue sky.", "A airplane that is flying in the sky.", "A plane on the rise into a part of the sky that is blue with white and dark clouds.", "a gray jet is flying in a blue sky with clouds", "A passenger jet airplane flying in a mostly cloudy sky."]
["A small plane is taking off from a grassy field.", "A small crop taking off in a grassy field.", "A small propeller plane lands in a field.", "A small airplane is taking off from a grassy field.", "A small airplane a few feet above the ground."]
["A group of giraffe standing next to each other by tall trees.", "Three giraffes stand close together in their habitat.", "Several giraffes standing near some tall trees with leaves.", "There are many giraffes standing among each other", "Giraffes standing together and other animals in the background."]
["City traffic and pedestrians are headed in multiple directions on the street.", "A city street busy with many cars driving as well as pedestrians", "People in a city cross in front of traffic. ", "Traffic in New York City during the day. ", "Cars stopped on a busy street while pedestrians cross."]
["A giraffe drinking water and some elephants near a watering hole.", "A giraffe and several elephants near water. ", "A giraffe getting a drink of water at the edge of a watering whole while a group of elephants wait.", "Elephants look on as a giraffe drinks from a body of water. ", "Giraffe drinking from the river with a small herd of Elephants behind it."]
["A giraffe and several elephants at the water's edge.", "Elephants and giraffes at a savanna watering place.", "A giraffe drinks from the river near approaching elephants.", "A group of animals walking into some water.", "Giraffes and elephants gather next to the water to drink."]
["A sign above a doorway with a bench in front", "there is a very small medical clinic in this picture", "A white building that is a medical clinic.", "A sign and a wooden bench in front of a building.", "Front door, windows, and bench of medical clinic."]
["A group of older people sitting on a park bench with a dog on a leash.", "Three elderly people on a bench gazing into the middle distance.", "People sit on a bench and wait for a bus.", "Elderly people are sitting on a wooden bench.", "three elderly people sit on a bench near a city map"]
["some people are sitting on a bench in front of a boat", "A couple are sitting on a bench next to a lake", "A white sail boat sitting on top of a body of water.", "A pair of people sit on a bench watching a sailboat pass in the distance.", "Two people who are sitting on a bench near the water."]
["A bus stop and bench  on a street corner.", "a bus bench sits next to a city street", "A bus stop with a slightly damaged bench.", "Park bench falling apart next to a bus stop sign. ", "A bus stop sign sitting next to a bus stop bench."]
["A city at night filled with lots of traffic.", "A busy street with cars and buses on it.", "A crowded street filled with British traffic and buses.", "a tall red bus is by the curb in a city", "A busy street with traffic moving in both directions and several two level buses on the street with people around."]
["A giraffe that has its legs spread out.", "A giraffe in a ludicrous pose notices the photographer.  ", "a giraffe is standing in a green field", "A young giraffe is struggling to stand on its legs", "A giraffe stands with its front legs spread."]
["A long horn bull next to two sheep near a stone wall.", "Three animals in the mud fenced in. ", "A cow and yaks next to a pile of rocks and a fence.", "Different horn bearing animals are standing in a rocky enclosure.", "A long horned bull and two long haired sheep in a pen"]
["Several giraffes walking through a dry grass landscape by a hill", "Four giraffes in the wild walking in dry grass.", "A herd of giraffe walking across a dry grass field.", "A group of giraffes walking together in the same direction in a dried area outdoor.", "a couple of giraffes are standing in a field"]
["A car and a bus are near a street light at night.", "A traffic control light has all three lights on at once", "a traffic light with red yellow and green lit up", "a traffic light with all of its light turned on ", "bus and a car stopped at a traffic light"]
["Two giraffe standing next to each other in a field next to a tree.", "A pair of giraffe standing in a forest.", "Two giraffes with their heads sticking up next to trees.", "Two giraffes are peering their heads up and looking in the same direction.", "Two giraffes standing near tree in natural setting."]
["a street sign on the corner of a city street ", "A street with a bunch of street signs and a building near the street", "The street corner is being controlled a small light.", "A traffic light is red on the corner of Canal Street.", "A traffic light at an intersecection without a lot of traffic."]
["A building engulfed of flames sitting on the side of  a street.", "An empty street has a street light and traffic lights on it.", "Street lights in the middle of a street", "An empty street is shown with the glow of headlights.", "A fire effect has been superimposed on a city street scene."]
["A brown dog tied up to a brown wooden bench next to a street.", "The hog is tethered to the city's park bench.", "A tan dog is tied to a bench on the sidewalk of a small town street.", "an image of a dog on a leash near a bench", "A dog is tied to an empty bench by its leash."]
["A forest filled with lush green leafy trees.", "And empty forest with skinny trees and a bench.", "A forest of green trees with a bench in its midst.", "A bench sits at a rest area in the middle of the woods.  ", "A forest with eucalyptus trees and a bench."]
["A picture of a busy downtown intersection with a tuning bus.", "A busy street with a lot of people walking while a bus makes a turn.", "Commuters walk back and forth through the busy city streets. ", "An overhead view of a busy street with a double decker bus.", "A shot of a bus and several people walking down a busy street."]
["Some hot air balloons are in the air above wires.", "two hot air balloons far off in the distance with a sky background", "A street scene looking up at two hot air balloons in the sky.", "Hot air balloons flying high above power lines", "Two hot air balloons seen through telephone wires."]
["A bird flying between to stop lights in the evening.", "A sea gull flying over two traffic lights by the ocean.", "The bird is flying above the red lights on the beach.", "Two different red lights on poles on opposite sides of a street.", "A couple of red traffic lights by a beach and a kite."]
["a white bus is on a busy street", "A view of a street of a bus, bikes and people walking. ", "A metal tube sculpture looking out on a city street.", "A view of a bus and pedestrians on a busy city street from the top of a staircase.", "A white bus parked in front of  building on the side of a road."]
["A red bus going down a busy city road.", "A bus driving down a city street in traffic.", "a man on a motorcycle in front of an orange bus", "A red bus driving down a street next to tall buildings.", "Bus riding down the street in traffic next to motorcycle rider, car and truck"]
["A girl in a pink jacket on a bicycle passes a man in a blue cap on a bicycle.", "A couple of people riding bikes past each other.", "Three people on bicycles greet each other near a traffic light in front of trees and a stone building.", "two people on bikes talking to each other ", "A couple of people on bikes on a street."]
["A group of women and children walking across a street.", "People walking across an intersection in the city.", "Four women with two children cross the street in a crosswalk.", "Several people cross the street while the light is red.", "some people are walking across a street and a traffic light"]
["The traffic light and sign are hanging over the road.", "A traffic light hands over an intersection in a sandy desert climate.", "a street light sits above a city street ", "The electronic traffic signal above the street is red.", "The traffic light is visible for all of us to see."]
["A stoplight on a busy city street in the evening", "A stop light in on a busy street at dusk. ", "There are many types of lights shining including building lights, car lights, and a street light. ", "A busy city street with lots of cars at dusk.", "A street in the dark with car lights and stop lights shining."]
["A traffic light sitting next to a tree near a sign.", "Two different images. One with a street light and street sign and the other with a few different street signs. ", "A traffic light and several street signs in an intersection.", "Looking up at a traffic light next to some street signs. ", "A green light and foreign road signs are seen in a picture."]
["A table and chairs sit on a grassy walkway, with a pitcher.", "An old wooden table with two wooden chaires next to a clay vase.", "A table and chair arrangement in a field.", "a chair a table, two chairs and a vase in a field ", "An old table and chair in an overgrown backyard."]
["A giraffe looks on as two black birds peck for food on the ground. ", "An animal that is walking around the dirt.", "A giraffe standing on a dry grass covered field.", "A lone giraffe stands in front of a small tree in a barren area.", "a giraffe standing in dead grass with trees in the background"]
["A chair and a table in a small room.", "there is a wooden table that has a bench and a chair ", "a dining space with a table and some benches", "A wooden table sits in a rustic looking room.", "A small teapot is on  a plain wooden table.   "]
["Two people lying on beds in a hotel room ", "two females in a hotel room laying on beds", "Two ladies in separate beds are smiling. ", "Smiling siblings lazing on their beds in a hotel room", "two people lay on beds in a hotel room"]
["A group of people standing around a giraffe.", "A group of people that are around a giraffe.", "A group of people gathered around a captive giraffe.", "a giraffe leaning over to look at some people ", "A crowd of people are under a tent with a giraffe."]
["A giraffe sitting on a rocky dirt and grass covered ground.", "A giraffe laying in dirt and grass with rocks.", "A giraffe laying on the ground looking forward.", "A giraffe is sitting down in a sandy area.", "A young giraffe rests on the ground with it's legs folded under it."]
["A large giraffe standing behind a wire fence.", "A large tall giraffe standing near a fence", "A tall giraffe is standing by itself near a fence.", "A lone giraffe at a zoo with trees behind it.", "A giraffe is standing in a fenced in area."]
["Some very cute sheep by some very big trees.", "There is a group of sheep outside by a log.", "Several animals are lying about in a field.", "A group of sheep are in the grass under trees.", "A herd of sheep graze beneath trees by a small road."]
["A traffic light with the letter B written on it.", "This traffic light is not one that is familiar.", "The traffic light glows red in front of telephone wires.", "A street light on a pole with power lines in the background", "A street light with a lit red \"B\"."]
["A picture of water with an intersection as a backdrop.", "A picture is taken of the building across the street", "Signs are hanging on the side of a gym.", "Urban business as seen through window from across street.", "A two story gym sitting next to a traffic signal."]
["Three giraffes are standing tall as their necks stretch up to the tree line.", "Three tall giraffes are looking over at trees.", "Three giraffes stand in front of blurry trees.", "Three Giraffes standing near each other in an open field. ", "three giraffes and some green bushes and trees"]
["Beautiful gray clouds with light cascading out of them.", "The clouds have a very unusual formation as the people look on.", "Red stop light at dusk with wires above and clouds behind.", "Wires hang over an intersection at sunset and there are several street lights", "a very cloudy sky with many power lines and street lights"]
["A single giraffee standing in a dried field.", "The giraffe is standing by the trees by himself.", "A giraffe standing on top of a tree filled plain.", "Giraffe looking at camera in foreground of an African landscape.", "a big giraffe stands in a dry terrain "]
["A woman walking across a street at a cross walk.", "A woman on a street running next to traffic lights", "a person jumping over a curb at a corner in front of a liquor store", "a photograph of an old school looking liqour ", "a street light some buildings some people and cars"]
["A bridge filled with blue and white buses.", "A bunch of cars and buses passing over a bridge", "Many city buses are in the traffic of a large bridge.", "many cars and busses driving on a city bridge", "Numerous vehicles traveling on a bridge over water."]
["A row of park benches with flower beds hanging next to them.", "a bench on a brick path way near flowers", "There are empty park benches by a fence.", "Several benches and plants on a cobblestone path next to water.", "A close shot of a bench in a park with several others. "]
["A foggy day shows buildings in the background as a woman in a blue jacket has skates on in a brick courtyard.", "A woman is trying to roller blade near some benches.", "A woman listening to music while rollerblading outside", "A lady skating on in-line skate on a foggy day.", "A woman rollerblading in an open brick covered area."]
["Lighted bar sign mounted near traffic signal in front of a building.", "A lighted sign for a bar pointing the way in.", "a traffic light two black and white signs and a building", "there are two signs that are next to a traffic light", "Round lit street signs in the middle of a city. "]
["A very green bench that is in some grass.", "a green bench sits in the middle of tall grass near a path", "A green park bench sitting on a grass covered field.", "A green bench is seen in the middle of a field", "A green bench in a grassy field and forest."]
["a giraffe walks across the grass looking for food", "A giraffe is outside in a field next to some trees", "A giraffe standing with its head above the trees", "A giraffe wonders its habitat in the wilderness.", "A giraffe walks through tall grass and trees, "]
["A giraffe is crossing a dirt road and walking away from the trees.", "A giraffe waling in the open. The ground looks dry and arid. ", "A giraffe strolls through a grassy area between trees.", "a giraffe walking across the middle of a trail by itself ", "A very pretty giraffe crossing a dirt road."]
["A rusty fire hydrant sitting on a city sidewalk.", "A fire hydrant on the side of a street.", "A rusted fire hydrant on a city sidewalk", "Old rusty fire hydrant on a street with white paint on top.", "Rusted red and white fire hydrant on a cracked sidewalk."]
["A wooden bench sitting in a forest next to a tree.", "A wooden bench overlooks a heavily landscaped pond.", "A bench look at a bridge over a pool of water.", "A wooden park bench sitting with a view of a pond and bridge.", "A bench is the focus of this photo of a tropical park."]
["A woman in a wheel chair sitting next to a red fire hydrant.", "A man in a wheelchair sitting next to a fire hydrant.", "An older man in a wheelchair is sitting on a sidewalk.", "A man in a wheelchair waiting on a sidewalk", "A man in a wheelchair is next to a fire hydrant."]
["Construction worker near digging equipment and unearthed fire hydrant.", "A man standing next to a red fire hydrant.", "A construction worker standing on dirt near a fire hydrant. ", "Some digging that is taking place around a fire hydrant.", "there is a fire hydrant standing on a tall pole"]
["A man that is in the air with a skateboard.", "The young skateboarder in the cap is jumping over a fire hydrant. ", "He be hurting if he lands on the fire hydrant.", "A young man jumping a skateboard over a fire hydrant on a city street with tall buildings.", "A man riding a skateboard over a fire hydrant."]
["A young woman sits on a park bench wearing a hat.", "a person sitting on a bench under the shade ", "A woman sitting on a bench in a wooded area.", "A woman sitting on top of a wooden bench.", "A woman sitting on a bench at a park. "]
["A large filled with lots of purple flowers behind a blue sign\n", "a bright colored tree on the corner of a road", "A large tree in a yard on a street corner.", "A street sign sits at the corner near a fence. ", "Bright pink blossoms indicate the start of spring."]
["A fire hydrant is painted in a patriotic theme.", "A fire hydrant on a sidewalk next to grass ", "a little red and blue fire hydran next to a sidewalk", "The red and blue fire hydrant has stars on it.", "A red and blue fire hydrant sitting in the middle of a sidewalk."]
["A park bench surrounded by a green forest of trees.", "A bench sitting under a group of trees on a trail.", "A tree lined walkway with a garden bench.", "a narrow path with a bench covered with tree branches ", "A single bench in the middle of a park."]
["A man and woman sitting on a  red bench", "A man and a woman sitting on a bench in front of a building.", "A man and a woman sitting on a park bench.", "Two people sitting on a bench and talking.  ", "two people sitting on a purple bench and a little bird standing on the grass\n"]
["A woman sitting on top of a bench looking beautiful.", "A young woman poses on a wooden bench surrounded by bushes. ", "A woman is posing on a bench by tall grass.", "A woman in a black and purple dress poses in front of some tall grass.", "A woman sitting on a beach posing near tall grass blades."]
["Park bench on a walkway in a park.", "A bench that is surrounded by a lot of plants.", "A green park bench sitting next to a shrub.", "A park bench on a path that is in between shrubs and green trees.", "A public park with a green bench during the day."]
["A fire hydrant that is painted white and red", "A fire hydrant covered in snow with no road visible.", "A silver and red fire hydrant sitting in the snow.", "A silver and red fire hydrant is sticking up out of the snow covered ground.", "The grey and red fire hydrant was in the snow"]
["A fire hydrant on the side of the road spraying water.", "a fire hydrant spraying water on a street", "A red busted fire hydrant spewing water out onto a street.", "A red fire hydrant gushes out a stream of water.", "A fire hydrant is gushing water in a suburban setting."]
["a red white and green fire hydrant and a fence", "A fire hydrant that is on a sidewalk.", "A green red and white fire hydrant on the curb.", "a fire hydrant is painted red, white and green ", "A fire hydrant stuck in the concrete of the sidewalk."]
["A flock of sheep in a mown field under telegraph wires", "Lots of sheep are standing in a field.", "A herd of sheep in a grassy field.", "A field of sheep grazing on a weedy lawn on a farm.", "a number of animals in a field with power poles"]
["A man petting a giraffe whose face it over the fence ", "a man touching a giraffes face with his fingers ", "A young adult male is at an animal park feeding the animal.", "A boy holds his hand out to a giraffe. ", "A man petting a giraffe at a zoo. "]
["Three giraffes thinking their head over a wooden fence. ", "Three giraffes stand together with a mountain behind them", "Trio of giraffes peering over enclosure collectively looking at same thing", "A herd of zebra standing below a tall hillside.", "Three giraffs looking at something over the fence."]
["a double deckered bus on a city street near a building", "A double decker bus with an advertisement on its side.", "On the side of the bus is a advertisement for Harry Potter.  ", "A double deck bus adorned with a large movie advertisement.", "a double decker \"harry potter\" but on a sidewalk"]
["Three giraffe and a wildebeest in a field.", "A moose and several giraffes are grazing in the field.", "Zebras in the wild with a wildebeest behind them ", "Two giraffe and a ox standing in a field eating grass.", "Giraffes and other safari animals graze in a sunlit field."]
["A man sitting on a bench next to a river under a bridge.", "A man is sitting on a bench under a bridge watching the sunset.", "A young man sitting on a bench under the bridge ", "A man sitting on a bench by the water under a bridge.", "A man sits and admires the architecture of a large bridge."]
["An old, rusty fire hydrant, in front of the pole. ", "A picture of an old fire hydrant that is right next to the street.", "A fire hydrant sitting next a street pole.", "That fire hydrant is just old and rusty.", "A very old rusty looking fire hydrant by a pole."]
["A fire hydrant that is red on top and says to open.", "A close-up of a red fire hydrant with vehicles in the background.", "A red and white fire hydrant sitting next to a sidewalk.", "The top of a fire hydrant near a city street on the sidewalk.", "A suburban street with a fire hydrant in the foreground"]
["A boy covering his face as a fire hydrant blows water at him.", "Person cooling off in front of a fire hydrant spraying water into the street.", "A man standing in the street getting splashed with water.", "A young boy is walking through the spray of a fire hydrant.", "An open fire hydrant covers a male with water as he walks past"]
["A small baby giraffe sitting on concrete next to an older adult giraffe.", "A giraffe sitting down in a fenced in area", "The giraffe is sitting and watching the taller one.", "A baby giraffe lying down with its mother nearby.", "a giraffe on the ground behind a fence in a structure"]
["A group of giraffe standing and sitting on a  field.", "Giraffe lying down near standing ones, in a dusty enclosure.", "A giraffe is sitting near other standing giraffes", "A close up of a giraffe shows it's beautiful pattern.", "A giraffe lying in hay between two other standing giraffes."]
["A flock of birds floating on top of a lake.", "A number of birds and boats at sea. ", "A large body of water with the sun reflecting off of it", "Two sailboats in the middle of a body of water with sunset in background and two other boats near by.", "A serene image of boats and birds on mostly still water. "]
["A small boat in the ocean with four seagulls standing on it.", "A small group of sea gulls perch on a boat.", "A boat with nobody in it and seagulls perched on it.", "A boat with seagulls perched on it and a buoy hanging from the side.", "a close up of a small boat in a body of water "]
["A close up view of a giraffe's face.", "A facial shot of a giraffe sitting in it's area. ", "I giraffe rubs his nose against a Wooden pole.", "A giraffe is shown next to a pole.", "A close up of a giraffe with its face against a pole."]
["A fire hydrant that is sitting on the sidewalk.", "An orange fire hydrant near the side of the street.", "An orange fire hydrant sitting at the side of the street.", "A fire hydrant on a sidewalk next to a street.", "a fie hydrant on a side walk near a city street "]
["A red fire hydrant in the middle of the grass. ", "A fire hydrant is behind a large bush", "A red fire hydrant in landscaping under a tree.", "A red fire hydrant next to a large tree and shrubs at the base of the tree trunk.", "A red fire hydrant near a large tree and vegetation."]
["A man standing next to a yellow fire hydrant.", " A person standing near a fire hydrant in a grassy yard.", "Fire hydrant in grass by street with lower body of clothed person.", "MAN STEPPING ONTO GRASS REACHING FOR A YELLOW FIRE HYDRANT", "A person is standing next to a yellow fire hydrant."]
["A group of giraffes standing up in their natural habitat.", "A group of giraffe standing in a grass field.", "A group of four giraffes near the same tree. ", "there are four giraffes standing among some dry brush ", "A herd of giraffe standing on top of a grass field."]
["Many sheep are grazing for food in the grass.", "A group of sheep grazing next to a water body", "There are several she eps in a field next to a body of water", "A flock of sheep eating grass next to a pond.", "Sheep grazing in a green meadow beside a lake."]
["A pole that has a bunch of street signs on it.", "Street signs in Asia with four different do not enter signs", "Diffrent kinds of signs on a pole .", "A poll over a street that has many different traffic signs.", "Several street signs on a metal pole by some trees."]
["Large signs are suspended from the buildings above the city street. ", "People are sitting curbside on a city street", "a couple of cars are on a busy city street", "A very narrow busy road of shops with a lot of people.", "Group of pedestrians walking down a busy city center. "]
["A herd of sheep standing in a muddy pen with a chicken.", "A group of animals stand around in the mud.", "A small herd of livestock in a village.", "Small herd of goats in enclosure with chickens.", "All of the sheep but one in the mucky area are staring for a photo."]
["Birthday cake with bird and congratulatory message for sports team.", "a cake with words and a bird on it", "A birthday car with a picture of a black bird on it.", "A birthday card with a bird on the cover page", "a home made birthday card with a black chicken on it"]
["A girl sitting on a brown and white giraffe", "A three dimensional rendering of a woman sitting on a giraffe.", "That is definitely not a real giraffe she's sitting on.", "Two giraffes are standing.A lady is sitting on one giraffe.", "A woman sitting on top of a fake giraffe."]
["A cement wall with a picture on it and a small four door vehicle parked below the picture.", "a little car sitting by a wall with a picture on it ", "A car is parked on a street near a sign.", "The car with a rack on it's roof is parked next to a street sign. ", "A car is parked under a unique sign."]
["a man standint by a little fence for a bus stop", "The man is waiting on the curb at the bus stop.", "A man next to a road near some temporary railings.", "A man standing on the sidewalk near the road.", "a man stands on the side of a street "]
["a number of sheep in a field next to a truck", "An old black and white photo of a man with a bunch of sheep.", "A car surrounded by a herd of sheep", "Many sheep and a man standing in front of a jeep.", "A herd of sheep standing next to a car in a field."]
["A red stop sign next to a street in front of a green street sign.", "A stop sign at a small grassy intersection.", "A stop sign and a road sign on a street corner. ", "A stop sign on the corner and a sign with street directions", "An intersection with a red stop sign facing the viewer."]
["a giraffe is standing in a grassy field ", "Some giraffes are standing around on an open day. ", "A giraffe snuggling with another giraffe in a field.", "Two giraffes are standing one has it's head on the other", "There are giraffes that are standing g yogeter"]
["A livestock competition where sheep are being judged.", "a group of people kneeling with sheep in a field ", "Men are sitting with a animal of some kind.", "A group of men holding sheep in a contest.", "A man is holding a goat that he is inspecting."]
["A dark blue parrot holding a gray lizard in its mouth.", " a close up of a bird with its talon in its beak", "Blue parrot touches its black beak with its claw.", "A blue parrot has it's foot near it's beak.", "Blue Macaw parrot scratching beak next to bald man"]
["Several seagulls sitting on a sandy beach looking at the ocean.", "a line of seagulls standing on a beach", "Five ducks are standing on the beach with water in the foreground.", "Seagulls on the beach as ocean waves splash. ", "a number of birds standing near one another "]
["A white pickup truck parked near a white brick building.", "An empty parking space behind a semi truck", "The side of a building with a pick-up truck parked on the street and a trash container on the side of the curb.", "A sign in front of a brick building . ", "Parking signs indicate where cars can park on the street."]
["a pole with several street signs by a building", "Two blue street signs pointing in opposite directions", "An intersection has several road signs on it.", "The street signs show the corner of Library Way and Fifth Avenue.", "Street signs for the intersection of Library Way and Fifth Avenue."]
["A giraffe standing next to a boulder on a grass covered field.", "A giraffe standing alone in an open field.", "A single giraffe walks through a grassy area", "A giraffe standing in a field with power lines in the background", "A lone giraffe grazes freely in the open field."]
["Giraffe grazing on a lush green grass covered field.", "Three giraffes walking around a large outdoor exhibit.", "Three giraffes in a green grassy field. ", "Three giraffes wandering around inside an enclosure while people watch in the distance.", "The giraffes are loitering in their manmade habitat."]
["The Giraffes are almost camouflaged in the terrain behind them.", "A couple of giraffe standing next to a tree.", "Two giraffes reaching to branches on a tree", "two giraffes in their pen and some bushes and trees", "Two giraffe stand near each other eating from a feeder. "]
["A giraffe at the zoo looks right at the camera ", "This giraffe has two horns on its head.  ", "A giraffe stands near another giraffe near a fallen tree branch.", "A giraffe chewing its food stares directly at the camera.", "there is an adult giraffe looking at something"]
["Two giraffes standing next to each other looking over a fence.", "Two giraffes from the neck up look over a fence with trees in the background.", "The two giraffes in the zoo are looking out over the tall gray fencing ", "Two very pretty giraffes standing next to each other.", "Two giraffe facing away from the camera in a cage."]
["A tall giraffe standing next to a tree surrounded by a crowd of people.", "A crowd of people watching the giraffe at the zoo.", "A crowd watches as giraffes graze the tree tops at the zoo.", "A group of people watch a giraffe eat from a tree.", "The giraffes are standing by the people outside eating."]
["an empty city street with trees and mountains in the background", "an open read with trees lining each side of the road", "An empty road is featured in the middle of the trees.", "A road is winding in the distance in-between trees.", "A blurry photo shows a road going into blue mountains."]
["Afternoon at a dock with seagulls flying overhead.", "Some birds are flying over a beach pier", "A group of seagulls are flying over a wooden dock that is sitting in a lake during the early part of the evening.", "Birds flock over a dock above a body of water.", "A photo of the pier with birds flying above."]
["A toddler sitting on a living room floor surrounded by toys.", "A CHILD IS SITTING ON THE FLOOR WITH TOYS ", "A kid is sitting on the floor with a cat.", "A young child sits near a cat and various toys. ", "A toddler playing with toys as a cat sleeps near by."]
["A telephone pole with street signs posted on it.", "An intersection with a wooden light pole on a sunny day.", "A street sign attached to a wooden pole.", "a telephone pole a no parking sign and two street signs", "A wooden light pole supports an 11th Street sign."]
["A next of bird feeders filled with lots of birds.", "A collage of pictures with different type of birds in feeders.", "Birds eating from various type of bird feeders", "Various photographs of birds feeding from bird feeders.", "Many different birds are eating food out of different kinds of bird feeders."]
["A private parking sign under a bridge with writing.", "The private parking sign has been saved by someone.", "a green and white parking sign sitting on a fence", "Humorous graffiti added to a private street sign.", "A sign that says saving private parking on it."]
["Two blue and white street signs and cars on a street.", "The two street signs are on the corner of an intersection.", "street signs on a pole on a sidewalk next to a street.", "a close up of a street sign with trees in the background", "A street sign sitting on the corner of an intersection."]
["A flock of birds sitting below a tall snow covered mountain.", "Large snow covered mountains shown from a distant window.", "These birds are sitting in front of snowy mountains", "A picture of a large mountain covered in snow.", "Three birds sitting perched with a mountain in the background."]
["A person wears a large cat costume to entertain children.", "A person wearing a Cat in the Hat costume in front of kids.", "The Cat in the Hat visiting with children.", "A person in a cat-in-the-hat costume performing for children", "A large cat in the hat character is with children."]
["A black bird sitting on top of a wooden fence.", "A small black bird in front of snowy mountains.", "an image of a bird perched up on a fence", "A bird standing on a fence post in front of a mountain.", "The bird is perched on the gate by the mountains. "]
["A large black bird flying over a snow covered mountain.", "a single bird flying over some snow on a hill ", "A very large bird flying above a big snowy hill.", "A large black bird is flying over the snow.", "Black bird flying over a rocky and snowy landscape."]
["Two signs in front of a red brick building that say \"Tow Away No Stopping from 4pm to 6pm\" and \"No Parking from 2am to 6am\".", "a no stopping and a no parking sign on a pole with a brooklyn street sign in the background", "No parking signs against a brick building and skyscrapers ", "No stopping and no parking signs on a street side.", "Two street signs indicating no parking or towing."]
["A red train sits in the station while a worker passes.", "People are working on something that is interesting. \n", "The train station is empty except for one man in an orange uniform.", "A train worker walks alongside a train at the platform.", "the man is wearing an orange suit and standing next to the train"]
["A sign hanging from the side of a sushi restaurant.", "A sign for a sushi business at a street side.", "Store front of restaurant outside near sidewalk with people. ", "Some people outside a restaurant with a big sign.", "a business sign on a building with a sky background"]
["A boy in blue hat riding on a carousel.", "Little boy rides the horse on the carousel.", "A young boy is riding the Ferris wheel. ", "A little boy is strapped to a carousel horse. ", "A boy sitting on a white horse on a merry go round."]
["The cake is in the shape of a long train. ", "A cake fashioned to resemble a train on a table.", "Five separate cakes made into a train birthday cake. ", "A cake designed like a train with a number two decoration.", "A cake that looks like a train is sitting on a table."]
["An orange road sign sitting next to a black truck.", "A sign saying \"END ROAD WORK\" is in front of a truck on a road.", "A bright orange sign reads \"end of roadwork\". ", "An orange sign with black lettering near a city street.", "A road sign that says road work has ended"]
["A white street sign sitting on the corner on top of a pole.", "A street sign is hanging in front of a tall apartment building.", "An urban street sign pointing to Dizengoff Square.", "A street sign with flowers around it outside of a building.", "A signpost with an attached street sign next to an apartment building."]
["Men on a safari with an elephant and photo equipment.", "A man is standing in front of an elephant.", "A photo of a man standing in front of an elephant.", "A very big elephant walking with some people in the woods.", "a number of people standing next to an elephant"]
["People laugh at the antics of an elephant. ", "A photographer will be taking new pictures of this elephant.", "An elephant that looks like it is smiling while people look at it.", "A group of people standing around an elephant.", "Some men are standing near an elephant outdoors."]
["a teddy bear that is sitting in a seat", "A large gray teddy bear sitting next to a candle.", "A teddy bear is dressed in a hat and coat.", "a close up of a stuffed animal with knitted clothing", "A grey teddy bear in a crocheted sweater and hat."]
["A kid sitting on a snow pile next to a Morningside Ct. street sign.", "A child smiles while sitting on a pile of snow. ", "A young kid is sitting on a pile of snow that almost covers a road sign. ", "a kid is sitting in the snow near a street sign", "a young kid sitting on a pile of snow next to a street sign "]
["A pond with various birds and ducks swimming.", "A herd of wild ducks swimming on top of a pond.", "DUCKS AND TWO OTHER BIRDS IN A POND.", "A bunch of ducks are swimming in the dirty water.", "Ducks and birds swim through weeds in a pond."]
["A German language street directional sign that reads Bauminghausstrasse. ", "A very pretty blue city street sign near some trees.", "The sign is naming the intersection of the streets.", "A picture of a German street sign taken from below.", "a street sign appears to be in germany"]
["A hummingbird sits perched alone on a branch. ", "A small white and brown bird resting on a twig.", "small long billed bird sitting on thin branch.", "a small bird on a tree branch with a blurry background", "A small bird sitting on a thin tree branch."]
["A train on some tracks above a city area.", "Multiple sets of train tracks with a subway train traveling on one of the tracks.", "A train on elevated tracks above a city street.", "A commuter train traveling through a busy city.", "A train going by in a large city."]
["a child sitting on the ground with a flower", "A small kid on the ground with a bat.", "A little kid is holding a tiny flower", "A child with a cap,sitting in a garden holding a bat in one hand and a flower in other.", "A small child sitting on the grass holding flower and a bat."]
["A boy with red shirt and hat holding a baseball bat.", "A young child is sitting in the grass holding a plastic bat.", "A little boy sitting in grass holding a baseball bat.", "A young child smiling while sitting in the grass.", "A little boy sitting in a field holding a bat."]
["A young boy wearing a red catchers mitt.", "A little boy in a baseball uniform and a catcher's mitt.", "A young boy posing for a picture holding a red glove.", "There is a young boy in baseball clothes.", "A small child is posing with a baseball uniform and glove."]
["there are many young boys that are playing baseball", "A group of young men playing a game of baseball.", "A group of baseball players are playing baseball on the field. ", "A young boy getting ready to throw a baseball.", "A boy pitching a baseball caught in each motion of his windup."]
["A pole that has a street sign on it.", "Street signs on post displayed at intersection of major city.", "Street signs at famous intersection: Broadway and Wall.", "A street sign mounted on a pole in front of large buildings.", "A sign that states Wall St is the the right."]
["a yellow and white train some tracks and buildings", "A train driving down the tracks near a building.", "A train that is sitting on the tracks.", "Commuter passenger train moving through a rail yard", "A train sits on a track just past a railroad crossing. "]
["A red train is on the tracks by the grass and trees.", "A train passing under power lines in a grassy place. ", "A passenger train passes trees and hills in the countryside.", "A train traveling down tracks near a forest  hillside.", "A train traveling down a track in the country."]
["A very big cute looking bird sitting on a pole.", "The bird is perched on top of the sign. ", "Bird perched on a wildlife sign in front of a lake.", "A hawk on top of a sign with a sky full of clouds. ", "A bird perched on a sign in front of a river."]
["There is a bird perched on top of a sign with a body of water in the background.", "A bird sign with a pretty bird on it by the water.", "a sign on a pole in a field near water", "A bird perched on top of a sign next to a river.", "A sign post with an eagle on the top in a marshy park area."]
["Two street signs showing names of cross streets.", "A black and red Boston Avenue street sign", "two red black and white street signs ", "Street signs at a street corner facing Boston Ave.", "a close up of a street sign with leaves and a sky background"]
["A train is traveling down the train tracks during the day.", "A photo of a steam engine train going by.", "A vintage train is going down the tracks,", "A train with steam pouring out of it's engine through a rural country side.", "A black, steam locomotive pulling many train cars behind it."]
["a close up of a street sign near buildings", "One way sign in front of a building with a painting of someone pointing on the block.", "A one way street sign sitting in front of a white brick building.", "A one way sign that is in front of a building.", "Purple graffiti on a white brick wall at a business"]
["A cat laying on to of a white and red chair.", "A cat dosing off while lying on a chair.", "A cat is resting on the cushion of a chair.", "A gray colored cat laying on a white chair that has a red cushion.", "Cat resting on white chair with red cushion."]
["A fire hydrant stands on a corner of a sidewalk.", "there is a white street sign on a skinny silver pole", "a street sign on the sidewalk with cars in the background", "The sign is posted on an intersection near a fire hydrant.", "A white sign sitting on the side of a road near a fire hydrant."]
["A train traveling down train tracks next to a small building.", "A train riding through a city on a stormy day.", "A train with a face like design on the front of it.", "The large train is painted orange and green.", "A train at a stop at a train station."]
["A trian sitting next to three other trains near a field.", "A abandoned yellow and blue train on tracks.", "A run down blue and yellow train on tracks.", "a rusty colorful train parked on a track", "A very old and rusty passenger train parked out in the country."]
["A green train pulling into a train station.", "an image of a couple of trains on the tracks imobile", "A green train engine next to a yellow train car.", "An old, colorful train has been parked on the tracks.", "A green train parked on tracks next to a yellow train."]
["A street sign that indicates that you shouldn't turn left.", "A hand made sign on a telephone pole on a street.", "a street sign on a telephone pole on a street", "A red no left turn sign mounted to a pole.", "Faded no left turn sign on a city street."]
["A street sign and traffic light on a pole.", "a street sign and a stop light and pole", "A street sign on a traffic light post next to a restaurant sign", "A traffic light and street sign near a restaurant sign.", "The street sign is in clear view for all of us to see. "]
["A passenger train that is pulling into the station.", "A train engine carrying carts into a station.", "there is a red train that is coming up the tracks", "a red and black train some people and tracks", "People watching a train arrive at a train station."]
["A stop sign out in the middle of nowhere with large, rolling hills.", "A red stop sign sitting on the side of a road.", "Stop sign at the intersection of two rather rural roads", "A stop sign placed on a corner of a street that is centered in an open field.", "A stop sign at the intersection of a rural highway surrounded by green hills."]
["A woman walking down a street next to a blurry man.", "People on the pavement, a stop sign and a car next to a building", "A car driving on a street between a building and a sidewalk where people are walking and jogging.", "A jogger, a walker, and a bicyclist populate an upscale urban street.", "People are walking and jogging down the street."]
["A railroad train heading toward a traffic light on the tracks", "A train going down some train tracks, with a building in the background", "a train on a train track with buildings in the background", "A train riding near a building with graffiti on it. ", "The train is going down the railroad tracks. "]
["Washed out stop sign with a 4-way sign underneath.", "A white stop sign on a pole on a street.", "A very faded four way stop sign. ", "A stop sign that is above a 4-way sign.", "A faded out stop sign on the street."]
["A train slows down to a stop at the station.", "A train engine carrying carts down a track past some buildings.", "A green train passing down a track in the middle of the day.", "A train that is sitting on the tracks near a building.", "A colorful passenger train pulled by a green engine."]
["A railroad train letting off a big black smokecloud", "an image of a train going down the railroad track", "The small train emits tremendous amounts of thick, black smoke causing climate change alarmists all across the globe to piss themselves in self-righteous disgust.", "A green train with three cars is blowing black smoke.", "a train being operated on a train track with trees in the background"]
["Two guys in coats standing next to a stop sign ", "Two people against a stop sign in a foreign country", "Two people are shown holding a stop sign.", "two people stand near a stop sign wit ha sky background", "Two people pose and smile by a street sign."]
["a stop sign sits on the corner of a street ", "A red stop sign in front of a building.", "A stop sign altered with spray painted graffiti ", "a stop sign on the corner of a street of apartments", "The stop sign is at the end of the residential street,"]
["Stop signs on a school bus are opening up.", "The two stop signs are extending from the side of a school bus. ", "A red stop sign that is on the side of a bus.", "A close-up of the side of school bus adjacent to a bush. ", "A school bus stranded on the side of the road."]
["Two adorable little girls standing next to a stop sign.", "Two girls with blue shirts stand near a stop sign.", "Two young girls standing next to a big stop sign.", "Two girls standing in front of a red stop sign.", "Two girls standing in front of a stop sign."]
["A red and yellow train moves past a modern building.", "A photo of a train passing by a building.", "A very bright colored train near a big building.", "A train passes in front of a building as it comes down the tracks.", "A small train is traveling in front of the building. "]
["A pay phone sits on a wet sidewalk on a gloomy day. ", "A car park pay station in the rain.", "A couple of cars that are parked in the street.", "A parking voucher dispensing machine and two cars in the distance.", "A payphone with a blue sign on top is in a parking lot."]
["A car traveling down a road next to other parked cars.", "A busy street with plenty of parking meters. ", "A small black car drives past a police car.", "A street with vehicles on it and a sidewalk.", "A street lined with parking meters with lots of cars."]
["A train trailing a plume of white smoke crosses a bridge.", "A green and red train traveling on an elevated train track above a bridge.", "A red and green train traveling on an elevated train strack.", "A train traveling across a bridge with steam pouring out of it.", "Steam billowing from the engine of a railway train.", "A train on a bridge moving past a neighborhood."]
["Electronic parking meter machine on the side of the road", "A green pay parking sign beside a street.", "A parking meter with a sign on it sits on the street while a white house is across the street.", "a parking meter sitting on the side of a road.", "A large parking meter is on the side walk."]
["A train docked at a train station. ", "A red train parked on a train track. ", "a red electric train sitting in the station", "A train engine pulling carts into a station.", "A train on a track with a person with suitcase next to it"]
["A couple of large long trains on a track.", "Two trains sitting inside of a train station.", "two trains sitting in a station with people approaching them ", "a couple of trains that are parked next to each other", "Two metro trains are parked beside each other."]
["there is a red and silver bullet rain at a train stop", "a train on a train track with a sky background", "A sleek train on a track at a train station.", "A train that is sitting on the tracks in a station.", "The train is traveling down the railroad tracks."]
["A train engine carrying a cart down a track.", "Train operating down a train track on a cloudy day.", "A train engine and one car on a train track in an industrial area.", "a long train is sitting on a train track", "The cargo train is headed to the next destination."]
["a close up of a street parking meter", "Two metal parking meters on a city sidewalk.", "Two gray parking meters on the side of the road.", "Two parking meters stand on a pole as a car is parked across the street.", "A dual parking meter on a city block."]
["a blue and yellow train and some people and a building", "People getting off and on a blue train.", "A group of people boarding and exiting a train.", "People are boarding and departing a train at a station.", "A group of people at train station next to a blue and yellow trains."]
["A doll in a dress standing between two parking meters.", "A doll situated in between two parking meters.", "Child's doll with wide eyes balanced between two parking meters.", "A  small doll sitting between two parking meters ", "A doll has been placed between two parking meters."]
["A doll with articulated joints stares from her perch between two parking meters.", "There is a toy doll stuck in the middle of two parking meters.", "A doll is placed between two parking meters ", "A brown-haired female doll is suspended between two parking meters.", "A doll is squeezed in between two parking meters. "]
["A car parked in a metered parking spot.", "Black sports car sitting in a parking lot. ", "A stylish black BMW parked at a city meter", "A black BMW coupe sits parked near several less expensive looking cars.", "The cars are parked in the parking lot. "]
["A parking meter sitting next to a street with parked cars.", "A parking meter between two cars on a city street.", "Two parking meters that you can pay for by phone", "Two parking meters on the side of a busy street.", "A parking meter that allows you to pay by phone."]
["a group of cars parked on a street nest to street signs", "some blue and white signs and a some cars", "A line of parked cars on the side of a busy road.", "People are parked along side the road by Pay Here signs.", "Electronic parking fee machine with cars on the side of a road"]
["A blue dump truck driving down the highway.", "A blue dump truck driving down the road.", "Blue box truck traveling down a city street.", "Large truck driving down six-lane street in a city.", "A blue truck being driven on the road."]
["A traffic light over a street with cars.", "A vied of stopped traffic on a city street with people waiting to cross in a cross walk.", "Traffic is stopped at the red light in the city. ", "Cars and trucks driving down a city street.", "A street filled with traffic and line with green trees."]
["An old truck carrying luggage at the back", "An old truck with colorful, elaborate painted decorations.", "An old dump truck looks garish with it's faded artwork.", "A decorated truck parked near a stone archway.", "A truck that is decorated in an elaborate fashion."]
["A dog in the back of a pick up truck.", "a large dog in the back of a truck driving on a city street", "A beautiful husky riding in cab of a blue truck.", "A dog wearing sunglasses riding in the back of a pick up truck.", "A dog is sitting in the bed of a moving truck near traffic. "]
["A large black dog sitting on to of a trucks flat bed.", "this is a dog on back of a truck", "A dog that is standing on the flatbed of a truck. ", "A dog standing on the back of a truck.", "one dog stands on the back of a nice truck"]
["a close up of a rusted ol car in a field", "Rusty old truck in a wooded field by a mountain", "An old pick up truck is rusting in the field.", "A rusted out delivery truck sitting on top of a lush green forest.", "The rusty old pickup truck is parked on the grass overlooked by the mountain."]
["A truck driving down the street near many vehicles.", "A view from a oval window looking out onto the street below.", "a round window overlooking a parking lot filled with cars", "A street scene from the viewpoint of a small round window.", "A circular window depicting a street and parking lot."]
["A couple of trees beside a roar with some cars.", "A lit up truck near the two trees. ", "A truck with lights is driving down a snowy road. ", "A picture of a truck on a road in winter at night", "A big truck that is going down a very snowy street."]
["An old rusted pickup truck sitting in a field.", "A rusted out old truck sitting on a lush green field surrounded by mountains and trees.", "A old car sits in the middle of a field.", "A rusted-out farm truck in a mountain field beside trees.", "An old, red truck sits in the foothills of a mountain."]
["A white cat is laying by some tennis shoes.", "Light colored cat lying on woven rug next to checkered shoes.", "A cat laying on the ground next to some shoes.", "Stretched out cat and slippers on a carpet.", "A cat is laying on a carpet next to a pair of shoes."]
["A long haired cat laying on a shoe on the floor.", "Playing with a tennis shoe on a bed relaxed", "A cat takes a look at a pair of sneakers.", "A kitty taking a nap on a shoe.", "The cat is curious about what is in the shoe."]
["Two white sheep standing next to each other on a grassy field.", "Two farm animals looking uncomfortable in front of the camera. ", "Two young cows standing next to each other.", "Two goats in a field behind a barbed wire fence.", "Two small cows that are standing on some grass."]
["A grey and white cat next to a blanket and shelf with blue bottle.", "Cat laying on pillow next to glass bottle.", "The cat could be yawning or could be screaming.", "The cat is angry while sitting on top of a pillow.", "a cat is yawning while it sits inside the house"]
["A cat with it's mouth wide open laying next to an open blue bottle on a window sill.", "A cat sitting on a chair sticking out its tongue.", "A cat sit on a blanket with it's mouth open.", "A cat yawning next to a blue bottle. ", "A grey adult cat opens its mouth very wide."]
["a cat sitting on top of a dining room table set with wine glasses", "A cat on a dining table with wine, wine glasses, and plates.", "A distinguished-looking, black and white cat sits at a formally set dining room table. ", "A cat is laying on a table set for a meal.", "Black and white cat lying on dining table full of wine and wine glasses."]
["A gray and white cat drinking milk from a bottle.", "a person holding a kitten and feeding it milk", "A person is feeding a kitten from a baby bottle.", "A kitten is being hand fed with a baby bottle.", "A person feeding a kitten with a bottle. "]
["A cat standing next to a plate on a computer.", "A can laying on a desk in front of a computer.", "A cat sits next to a plate that sits in front of a computer screen.", "A cat with a pensive look guarding its plate by a computer.", "A cat sitting on a desk eating off a plate."]
["A white tow truck with another car behind it.", "A large truck can be seen in this picture near a bridge.", "this van is being towed by a tow truck", "A tow truck is parked in front of a van by an overpass on the street.", "a truck on a city street in front of another vehicle"]
["a person with a dog in a back pack", "A dog that is in someones back pack.", "Yorkshire terrier puppy rides in his owner's backpack. ", "A dog that is inside of a backpack.", "A small dog being carried in a backpack."]
["A cat laying on top of a couch next to a remote control.", "A brown white and black cat is sitting on a sofa.", "A cat sitting on the sofa next to the remote. ", "An orange, white, and black cat is laying on a couch near a remote control.", "A cat that is sitting on a couch."]
["A white bed with a rucksack and bag on it.", "Luggage backpacks stuffed and sitting on bed next to tv with bananas on top", "A backpackers gear is laid out on the bed. ", "three book bags on the ground next to a tv", "A bed has several duffle bags on it."]
["A cat playing with a red couch, with its eyes closed.", "A long haired tabby cat sleeping on a red couch. ", "A white and orange cat presses his paws against a red sofa", "a cat that is on some kind of red couch", "Small brown and white cat sitting down on a red couch. "]
["A group of cows are grazing on the grass.", "Several head of cattle grazing on grass inside a wire fence.", "the cows are on the side of the mountain ", "The grass in the field is nutritious food for the grazing cows.", "A picture of cattle grazing in a field of grass. "]
["A kitty cat standing on a sink playing with a mirror.", "a cat looking at itself in a bathroom mirror", "A cat standing on a sink with its front paws on the mirror.", "A cat pushes a mirror from side to side ", "a cat leaning against a mirror in the bathroom"]
["A man with luggage on wheels standing next to a white van.", "A white Van is driving through a busy street. ", "A man with luggage stands in front of a van", "A van for a local news station wits parked in this parking lot", "Several people walking around near a white van."]
["A group of people that are looking inside a van.", "A white van with a satellite on its roof is parked outside of a large building with people walking around.", "A van with a large satellite dish on the roof.", "a truck with a large satellite on top of it", "A van is shown with the door open."]
["a close up of a cows near other cows ", "an up close look at the face of a cow", "Three cows stand in a field under a clear sky.", "The cows are standing together on the field outside.", "A towel with his nose right next to the camera looking towards it"]
["a cat siting on the ground watching a tv ", "A small animal is staring at a TV with two dolls on top of it.", "A small cat sitting in front of a TV", "A kitten sits on the floor in front of a television.", "A kitten watching a television that is turned on."]
["A very cloudy day while a large truck passes. ", "A large truck next to people on a scooter.", "A dark evening outside showing trees and a building with lots of clouds.", "A large truck is going down the road by a store.", "Truck rides by a couple of people on scooters"]
["cows and  bulls on grass grazing for food.", "Long horn bulls grazing on grass in an open field.", "Multiple cows standing in a field staring forward. ", "The large brown cattle have very large horns.", "A group of long horn bulls in a field."]
["Two well equipped men with dogs at a pier.", "A couple of men standing next to dogs near water.", "Two officers standing on a pier with their dogs.", "a couple of men are standing with a dog", "Two security personnel holding two dogs at the coastline"]
["A yack and a baby in the forest with long white horns", "A bull with massive long horns  standing next to a baby.", "THERE IS AN ADULT AND A BABY ANIMAL IN THE WOODS", "An ox with extremely large horns next to its calf", "A bull with very large horns and a calf."]
["A couple of soldiers standing on top of a boat.", "Two people dressed in blue are untying an orange raft that is in the water.", "A couple of coast guard crew on board a gaurd vessel. ", "two people working on a coast guard boat", "A couple of people by a boat in the water."]
["A herd of oxen lounging in a field.", "A bunch of bulls on a green pasture.", "A herd of cows are resting in a meadow.", "Longhorned bovine lying as a herd in a pasture.", "A herd of cattle are resting on a grassy field."]
["a child on a raft with a paddle", "A boy stands while rowing a raft with a long pole.", "A boy on a dock, holding a pole in the water.", "A boy pushes a pole into the water while standing on a floating platform.", "Small boy in all grey standing on a white platform in the water. "]
["A black cow standing next to a brown cow on a lush green hillside.", "Two cows at the edge of a large hill.", "A black steer standing next to a brown steer lying down.", "two cows on the edge of a cliff with mountains in the background", "Two cows on a hill above a valley and mountains on the other side."]
["A man is standing on a dock near water with a passenger boat going by large buildings in the background.", "a small boat in al arge body of water ", "a black and white boat water people and a clock", "The boat is gliding threw the water. ", "A yacht passes by some buildings on the shore.  "]
["A cat sleeping in a person's lap; the cat is also on this person's laptop.", "A cat laying in front of a laptop.", "Close-up of a cat's face as he sleeps on a laptop.", "Close up of cat sleeping in front of a laptop", "A sleeping cat lying next to a laptop on a desk."]
["A close up of a cats profile is shown.", "A cat that is standing next to a laptop.", "Close up of a cat giving a glance up from the computer.", "A close up image of a cat and a keyboard.", "a cat that is sitting over a keyboard"]
["A cat is lying on a computer desk beside the keyboard.", "A cat lies between a computer monitor and keyboard.", "A cat that is laying down in front of a computer on a keyboard.", "A black and white cat lays near a keyboard on a desk.", "A black cat in between a keyboard and computer."]
["A large body of water filled with boats along a forested shore.", "A lake with several boats on the water.", "a large lake with boats out on it", "Small boats on a calm lake in the mountains", "Several boats that are in a body of water."]
["A cat that is laying on a computer keyboard.", "A grey cat peers at a computer keyboard.", "A kitty playing with the keyboard on a laptop", "a cat laying down by a keyboard ", "A large cat laying atop a computer keyboard."]
["A man is excited as he stands up and delivers a speech.", "A man standing at a podium giving a speech.", "An older man is smiling while standing at a microphone.", "A scottish businessman stands before a microphone laughing.", "a smiling man standing in front of a microphone stand "]
["A small boy wearing wading boots poses with his Winnie the Pooh doll.", "Little boy with a large tie holding a stuffed bear.", "a little boy dressed in a tie and boots holding a stuffed toy", "A boy in shirt and tie with rain boots and a Pooh bear", "A kid with a tie on in a room."]
["there is a young boy wearing a tie and holding a bear", "a kid holding a doll in his hands", "The small boy joyfully hugs an orange teddy bear.", "A young boy holding a stuffed brown teddy bear.", "A well dressed little boy hugging his stuffed toy."]
["A woman and child that are inside of the water.", "Two people swim in the ocean while facing a boat in the distance.", "A clear blue ocean with a boat in the distance.", "a large boat in a body of water ", "A pair of people stand in the water near the shore."]
["A herd of elephants walking through a lake filled with water.", "A family of elephants washing up at a watering hole.", "A group of elephants walking in muddy water.", "Group of elephants walking in muddy water today. ", "The elephants are standing beside each other near the water."]
["Two boats pulled ashore in the sand on a river bank.", "A couple of boats sitting on top of a lake.", "A river with many small boats floating inside.", "two boats parked at the shore and several farther out", "A couple boats are pulled up to the shore of a river."]
["A woman sitting in a chair while holding a young child.", "A person holding a young boy on their lap.", "a person with a child on their lap", "A woman holding a little boy wearing a tie.", "a smiling parent and child posing for a picture in the kitchen."]
["A man wearing a purple shirt with a purple hair and beard.", "a man with a beard, dressed in a purple outfit, stands in front of a gree wall", "A man is wearing a pink shirt and a tie.", "A man poses in front of some green wood panels.", "A man standing in front of a green wall."]
["A man wearing a tie up against a wall.", "The man in the purple shirt has colored facial hair.", "Man glaring at camera in front of green layered wall", "A man dressed in purple is starring ominously into the camera. ", "A man in a pink shirt stands staring against a green wall."]
["A man standing in the middle of a dirt field.  ", "A man in a suit is standing in the desert.", "A man in a suit and tie standing in the desert.", "A black and white photo of a man in a suit.", "the man is standing in the dessert in a suit"]
["A woman and her sons in formal clothing posing by a river boat", "A female and two males ppsing for a picture.", "Two boys and an older woman posing in front of a boating dock.", "A pair of young men in suits and ties next to a woman in a dress.", "a couple of people standing on a peer "]
["there is a wall baby elephant that is walking by itself", "A baby elephant is walking along a grass path.", "an elephant with something wrong with its skin", "A baby elephant calf walking through some grass. ", "A small elephant walking across a grassy field."]
["A man speaking at a public event behind a pitcher of ice water", "A man sitting at a table as part of a panel.", "A man sits at a table with a pitcher of water in front of him.", "A man sitting at a desk while a pitcher of water.", "Man sits behind a microphone at a news conference. "]
["A group of children  hanging around a umbrella.", "A group of several friends squeeze under a small umbrella.", "Four people getting close to share one umbrella.", "A group of people huddled under an umbrella.", "Black and white picture of several children on a sidewalk sharing an umbrella."]
["Person riding an elephant as it crosses through a river.", "A person atop an elephant crossing a muddy river.", "people riding on elephant in a river surrounded by trees", "An elephant with people on its back crossing a dirty river.", "Someone on an elephants back in the river"]
["A black and white photo of a man running across the street.", "The boy is running down the wet sidewalk.", "A young boy running across the street in the rain. ", "a person running across a street in the rain.", "a person running on a street while it rains"]
["People crossing a river on four large elephants.", "Muddy rivers and elephant transportation go well together.", "People riding elephants who are wading through a river.", "the elephants are moving people across the river", "A group of people crossing a river on elephants."]
["A very nicely dressed man standing by a door.", "A MAN STANDING NEAR A BROWN DOOR POSING FOR A PICTURE.", "A man in a suit poses with his chin up in front of the door.", "A man in a suit and a tie is standing by a door.", "Man poses for the camera in suit and tie."]
["An elephant and a punk are standing next to a river.", "An elephant and its baby standing near a muddy water body.", "An adult elephant and a smaller young elephant walk away from the river.", "Group of small and large elephants at a river.", "A large elephant standing next to some water."]
["A group of elephants by some buildings on the water.", "Working elephants in a village meander along a river bank. ", "Lots of elephants are standing around covered shelters on a riverbank.", "a herd of elephants walk near a river bank", "A herd of elephants next to pavilions and a body of water."]
["A body of water with an elephant in the background.", "an elephant is standing in some tall grass by some water", "The elephant stands in the grass near the water.", "A large gray elephant is standing in grass next to a river.", "An elephant and its large ears reflected in water"]
["a herd of elephants traveling on a grassy area next to a lake", "Elephants cross a path of a connecting body of water and land.", "a herd of elephants getting ready to take a bath", "Four elephants attempting to cross through the water. ", "A group of elephants in grass next to water and trees."]
["A herd of elephants walking down a dirt road.", "An adult elephant walks near two smaller elephants.", "Three elephants are walking along a dry road.", "An adult elephant walking with two baby elephants in the sun. ", "the family of elephants stopped to drink at a watering hole."]
["an image of a man with a cigarette in his mouth", "The man is pulling his tie off and smoking. ", "A man with a beard smoking a conventional cigarette.", "A man with beard and cigarette loosening a tie.", "A man pulls at his tie while smoking a cigarette."]
["Three elephants standing in the grass near water.", "a couple of elephants drink water at a watering hole ", "some elephants dirt water grass trees and a hill", "Three elephants at a pond in a dry area drinking water.", "A baby elephant is seen at the water with two larger elephants."]
["The man is holding his tie with his right hand.", "Two men standing next to each other while surrounded by people.", "A group is smiling at two men with corsages.", "Two men surrounded by a crowd in colorful clothing smiling.", "Two men dressed in suits posing for a picture together."]
["Team of rowers in a specially designed boat in swamp", "A boat with four people on it sailing in the water.", "Four people are rowing a long boat in a body of water.", "a number of people riding on a small boat ", "The people is sitting in the middle of the blue water"]
["A man holding a pair of headphones in his left hand.", "A young man is holding a big camera.", "a man that is wearing a tie and holding a camera", "A man in a suit jacket and tie standing in a hall holding a camera.", "A man in a suit jacket and tie holding a camera in a hall.", "The young man in a suit is holding a camera."]
["A brightly dressed woman is holding an umbrella.", "A monk walking down the street while holding an umbrella.", "A man and boy are talking behind a rickshaw.", " A Buddhist monk talks to a boy on the street.", "Person with umbrella talking to child on side of street."]
["A couple of chairs and a umbrella on a beach.", "Two chairs and a red umbrella on a beach.", "A red umbrella stands between two blue lounge chairs on an empty beach.", "The two beach chairs underneath the umbrella is empty. ", "Two beach chairs and an umbrella on the beach."]
["a couple of elephants are in a pin", "An adult and small elephant near trees in a zoo.", "A large gray elephant standing next to a baby elephant.", "A baby elephant and mother elephant playing in their habitat.", "Two black elephants seem somewhat distant near the small lake. "]
["A tall building towering over a city next to a river.", "A boat is on a river near a bridge and large buildings.", "City skyline with a bridge and boats on the water.", "A large boat sails down a river in a city.", "A ferry boat in a large canal and large buildings off of the shore."]
["a number of people washing an elephant ", "Two women that are standing next to an elephant.", "Two attendants in uniform are washing an elephant.", "A man and woman tending to an elephant.", "Two young women giving an elephant a bath"]
["A group of people walking along  a beach covered in umbrellas.", "Lots of people are enjoying their day at the beach.", "Colorful umbrellas sit on the beach next to the ocean.", "There are people under umbrellas on a beach", "A couple of people on the beach with many umbrellas."]
["A family of five takes a ride on an elephant.", "A man, a woman and three small young children enjoying an elephant ride.", "A family enjoying their time riding an elephant.", "a family of five riding on an elephant", "The family is riding on top of an african elephant."]
["Neatly folded dress shirts and a tie sit on top of a counter.", "A pile of men's dress clothing on a table in a store. ", "a pile of folded cloths sit atop of each other ", "Shirts and a tie folded up sitting on a table. ", "the dress shirts are folded and matched with ties"]
["A young man with his mouth open extending his neck tie out in front of him.", "a man in a room with a black tie", "A young man is standing before a camera. ", "a man in a tie stands in a room ", "A man with his mouth open looks on as his tie is grabbed"]
["A person in a red jacket holding an umbrella.", "The person in a large red coat is holding an umbrella.", "a person in orange is holding an umbrella above them", "Person holding umbrella at night in populated area.", "A person holding up an umbrella on a raining day."]
["a woman holding an umbrella walking down a wet sidewalk", "A woman walks down a street with an umbrella on a rainy day.", "A woman with an umbrella walks down the street.", "An umbrella clad woman walks down the sidewalk of a busy, rainy street.", "Lady walking down rainy street with umbrella approaching a Levi's Store."]
["A person in the street carrying a cart and an umbrella.", "A woman on a crowded street with and umbrella and shopping trolly.", "People walking and cars driving on a street by stores.", "People cross the street in busy china town.", "A person holding a yellow umbrellas walks on near the sidewalk."]
["It doesn't appear to be a beautiful day outside.", "A boat that stands on sand instead of water.", "One boat on the beach with the water in the back round.", "A ship in the turbulent sea with passengers on the deck. ", "A yellow, blue and black boat on beach next to water."]
["a little boy with a suit, tie and glasses", "A man wearing glasses and a jacket and tie.", "a boy in glasses and a tie in a photo", "there is a young boy that is wearing a suit and glasses", "A young man in a suit, tie and glasses is smiling"]
["An elephant and gazelle standing at the edge of the woods.", "An elephant standing next to a deer in a grassy field.", "And elephant and a gazelle are walking through the grass.", "A elephant and a brown elk in a field.", "An elephant standing next to a gazelle on a plain."]
["An elephant standing next to a bail of hay.", "An elephant eating hay as a person disperses it out.", "This picture is a elephant and a man", "A man with a red dolly and some hay by some big elephants.", "Two elephants waiting patiently on their bale of hay."]
["A young child poses for recognition while wearing a tie.", "A boy toddler wearing jean overalls and a tie, looks up.", "Young boy in pair of overalls and red shirt and tie near door.", "a young kid with overalls and a tie on ", "a kid that is wearing a red shirt and tie"]
["A kid standing next to a globe in a room.", "A young boy wearing a white dress shirt and tie, standing next to a world globe.", "Boy in a tie poses in front of a standing globe.", "A boy in a tie and dress shirt standing by a globe ", "A young boy that is standing next to a globe. "]
["A man holding a tie across his face with a formal outfit on.", "A man holding a neck tie over his eyes.", "The man was hiding his face behind his tie. ", "A man in blazer holding a tie over his eyes.", "A man pulls his tie up to cover his eyes."]
["a man in a white shirt and tie giving a symbol with his hands", "A main in a shirt and tie makes a hand gesture.", "a man making a symbol with his fingers", "a man in a tie makes a hand gesture ", "A young man in a tie making a sign with his hands."]
["The parade features these people riding or even standing atop elephants", "A row of elephants with natives standing on their backs.", "A row of elephants standing next to each other.", "Several performers standing on elephants in front of a crowd.", "A line of elephants with performers in white dancing on top of them and a crowd of people watching to the side. "]
["A man looking after an elephant in some exotic country.", "A man walking beneath a chained up elephant. ", "A man is walking under a large chained up elephant.", "An elephant is held captive with heavy chains. ", "A man walks under a large gray elephant."]
["A group of people enjoying a day at the beach.", "Umbrellas in the sand at a crowded beach with hills in the background.", "a sandy beach filled with people and umbrellas", "a person laying on a beach near some umbrellas", "Group of people standing underneath a blue and purple umbrella. "]
["A stack of black bags sitting on top of an airport floor.", "Luggage on a tiled ground and people sitting on rows of chairs in the background. ", "A black suitcase is alone on a shiny floor.", "A loan black suitcase is displayed at the airport.", "Luggage on wheels sits on the floor in an airport waiting area."]
["Several people riding on a motorcycle with an umbrella open.", "couples riding motor cycles carrying umbrellas and people sitting at tables", "A group of people riding scooters while holding umbrellas.", "some tables and umbrellas sitting next to a building ", "Pedestrians and motorcyclists near an open outdoor market."]
["people in a terminal with suitcases taking some pictures", "Waiting in a station for the all aboard message. One girl taking a picture of her boyfriend with her cell phone.", "The tourist is happily posing with all of his luggage.", "a bunch of people standing inside of an air port ", "a bunch of people with a bunch of bags"]
["Several people in a canoe with oars on the river.", "Family of five people in a green canoe on a lake.", "Four adults and a child ride on a paddle boat.", "Group of adults with child in green rowboat on lake.", "First people going for a ride in a rowboat on the lake."]
["A group of people with pink umbrellas on walkway.", "A group of women walking in a courtyard each with pink umbrella.", "The women is walking with  pretty pink umbrellas.", "People shielding the sun using their pink umbrellas.", "A group of people carrying pink umbrellas on a sidewalk."]
["A woman is laying on top of a suitcase. ", "A young woman lies on top of a gym bag. ", "a woman laying on some baggage resting on the floor", "A girl lying her body down on a big bag smiling.", "A woman looking up smiling while on red item."]
["An elephant in a field surrounded by trees.", "A single elephant is coming out of the thicket.", "A large elephant walking through a lush green forest.", "A pair of elephants standing in their natural habitat.", "An elephant is walking through the green terrain."]
["people crossing the street in a big city in the rain.", "A crowd of people walking across a rain soaked street.", "Group of people crossing a busy city street in the rain. ", "A rainy day in the city as people walk with umbrellas", "Several people with umbrellas walking across an intersection."]
["A dog that is sitting in the front seat of a vehicle.", "a small dog is sitting in the passenger seat", "a dog sitting in the front of a car ", "a man that is in a car with a dog", "There is a little dog next to the driver."]
["the elephants are  all next to each other under the tree", "Several elephants standing in the shade of a tree.", "Some very cute elephants in a grassy area.", "Several elephants can be seen huddled together in the brush.", "A few black elephants are out in the wild together. "]
["Two open suitcases filled with a variety of snacks", "Some suitcases full of many items that looks like candies.", "Two open suitcases filled with snack food on a bed.", "Two suitcases full os small packages on a bed.", "Two suitcases on a bed filled with different items."]
["A baby elephant standing next to a small watering hole.", "an elephant standing by some water so it can drink some ", "An elephant is standing next to some water and putting something in its mouth.", "An elephant at a water hole spraying water into his mouth.", "An elephant at a zoo, standing next to water with his trunk in his mouth."]
["A car wheel is flanked by a red suitcase and a triangular leaf mat.", "A triangular umbrella and a rectangular suitcase placed on either side of a circular wheel", "A suitcase on the ground next to a vehicle.", "A triangular umbrella and red suitcase next to a car.", "A suit case and a large leaf setting next to a car."]
["A large elephant swimming in a pond full of water.", "An elephant with shortened tusks lies in the water", "An elephant's head is peeking out of the water.", "An elephant in water with its trunk in its mouth.", "An elephant is swimming in a pool of water."]
["A man is pulling a suitcase in the street.", "Man walking across a crosswalk with rolling luggage", "A street scene with a man crossing the crosswalk with a suitcase.", "A man drags a rolling suitcase behind him. ", "A man with a suitcase on wheels crossing the street."]
["A couple of suitcases at a station with a train.", "A shopping bat sits on top of a suitcase on the platform of a train station", "A bag that is sitting on top of a suitcase.", "There is a suitcase and a bag left alone outside.", "Luggage and a sack are sitting by a pole at the train station "]
["A man with some suitcases on the street.", "A man holding two suitcases by their handles with a box in front of him.", "a man standing outside with all of his bags", "THERE IS A MAN STANDING NEXT TO LUGGAGE", "The man stands with two luggage bags and a computer box."]
["A couple of bags of someone's belongings that were left unattended. ", "Luggage hidden behind a fence while a man makes a cell phone call", "A piece of luggage sitting up against a gray wall.", "A person with a backpack is standing next to a doorway with luggage on the other side.", "A man on the phone near luggage by a gate."]
["A family has their luggage on the ground.", "A group of people standing with luggage by their car", "A group of people that are standing in front of luggage.", "A group of people is standing in a driveway.", "A family getting ready to take a road trip."]
["A man holding a brown dog and a video camera.", "A man with a camera and dog in their hands.", "A MAN IS HOLIDNG A DOG ON TEH SIDE WALK ", "a person on a sidewalk holding a camera and a dog.", "A man holds a puppy and a camera. "]
["A woman and dog on a surfboard in water.", "A woman is on a surfboard with a small dog.", "A person on a paddle board with their dog.", "a lady and her dog on a paddle boat he dog as a life jacket on and hey are happy ", "a person in a surf board and a dog"]
["A person riding a paddle board with their little dog.", "A person is on a paddle board near another person with a dog.", "The woman rows her surfboard across the water, as her dog fearfully stands behind her hoping he doesn't fall into a watery grave.", "The man and his dog are paddle boarding.", "two men and a dog paddling on surfboards"]
["a man and his dog are standing on his paddle board", "A man riding a paddle board on top of a lake.", "a person and a dog on a surfboard with an oar", "A person is standing on a wake board while rowing.", "A man is paddle surfing alongside his dog."]
["an open suitcase is filled with clothes and other items", "A bag of luggage filled with clothing and personal items.", "A suitcase full of clothes sitting on the floor.", "A suitcase containing basic clothing for travel. ", "A suitcase is packed and on the floor of the room."]
["A brown teddy bear laying in bed under a blanket.", "A teddy bear is tucked into white sheets on a pillow.", "A teddybear tucked into a bed with white sheets and pillows. ", "A fluffy teddy bear that has been tucked into bed", "A teddy bear sits tucked into a bed."]
["A boy asleep in bed with his Christmas teddy bear", "A young boy laying on a bed with a teddy bear.", "a small boy is sleeping in a bed", "A young boy is sleeping with stuffed animals on his pillows.", "A little boy is sleeping in bed with some teddy bears. "]
["Stuffed teddy bear next to a laptop computer.", "A teddy bear sitting in front of a laptop with a lady bug computer mouse.", "A teddy bear that is set in front of a laptop.", "a stuffed animal posed to look like its using a laptop", "A stuffed bear appears to be using a laptop computer."]
["Two small dogs together in a backyard playing.", "Two small dogs glaring off as the ball lays in the grass.", "Two small dogs wait patiently for their owner.", "Two small dogs look around in the yard.", "Two small dogs on the grass next to a driveway\n"]
["A cart with wheels with several trunks atop it", "a number of luggage bags and boxes on the back of a truck", "Several suitcases are stacked on a cart next to a train.", "Several trunks and some suitcases stacked on a wooden cart.", "A cart filled with different boxes of luggage."]
["A man standing next to a woman holding a tennis racquet.", "A man and woman are holding tennis racquets.", "Black and white photo of a man and woman with tennis rackets.", "The two people in the old photo stand holding tennis rackets. ", "The man and woman are holding tennis rackets."]
["A bear walks through the trees and on the side of the mountain.", "A large black bear is walking down the side of a steep wooded hill.", "A large animal walking through a lush green forest.", "A black bear walking down a rocky mountain side.", "A lone bear is walking in the woods."]
["A black bear that is walking in the woods.", "A bear is walking through a rocky, wooded area.", "A black bear walking through the woods and trees.", "A bear climbs down a steep hill covered in rocks and trees.", "Grizzly bear on side of hill in the wilderness."]
["three bears walking on rocks near a body of water", "A bear with two cubs is walking near the river on a rocky hillside.", "Three black bears on rocks on the side of the river.", "the bears are walking near water and rocks.", "A small group of bears walk around the banks of the river."]
["a bear walks on a rocky surface ", "A black bear climbing on rocks with trees in the background.", "A black bear climbs over a rocky slope at the edge of the tree line.", "A black bear climbs a hill of mossy rocks.", "A baby black bear walking on some rocks"]
["A man and woman on beach playing with a frisbee.", "A woman in a bathing suit on the beach catching a frisbee", "Two people one a beach playing with a toy.", "A women on a beach catching a Frisbee.", "A woman on the beach in a bathing suit catching a Frisbee."]
["Three brown bears walking and standing near a snowy mountain. ", "Three bears standing near a snow capped mountain", "Three large brown bears walking across an open plain.", "Three bears in front of a snow capped mountain.", "The bears are looking for a good place for a den."]
["A dog panting out the window of a vehicle all captured in the side view mirror.  ", "A mirror shot of a dog with its head out of the window. ", "The dog rides with his head out the car window.", "Black dog with head out of the window in the side view mirror", "A rearview mirror showing a dog with his head sticking out the car window."]
["three people on a gravel ground playing frisbee", "Two men in uniforms tossing a frisbee across gravel road.", "some men in uniform standing around and playing with a frisbee\n", "The man is throwing a frisbee to the other man.", "Military man stand around outside with trucks in the background. "]
["a couple of men that are standing out side", "An army base shows two men playing games.", "Soldiers stand outdoors wearing camouflage uniforms and boots.", "Several soldiers in a barracks are playing a game.", "The military men are playing Frisbee outside together."]
["there is a woman that is bending down to pick up a frisbee", "a person in a field bending down to get a frisbee", "A woman standing on the grass, squatting to catch a frisbee. ", "A woman that is kneeling down in the grass.", "A man leans down and picks up a flying disc. "]
["A man engages in a game with a flying disc.", "A man throwing a Frisbee in the middle of the a grassy area.", "a man gets ready to catch a frisbe ", "This photo shows a man who has just thrown a Frisbee.", "A man extends his hand out to catch a frisbee."]
["A man throwing a frisbee in the yard", "Adult man playing with flying discs in large grassy field.", "Man in shorts throwing frisbee on grass near trees. ", "A man in black tossing a frisbee in a field", "A man throws frisbees in the middle of a field."]
["Two zebra standing next to each other on a dry grass field.", "A group of zebras with a giraffe standing behind them", "Three zebras and a giraffe in a savannah setting", "Three zebras and a giraffe are in the dry grass.", "There are two zebras standing in a field of grass"]
["Several girls are playing with a frisbee while others watch.", "A group of people practicing a sport in the grass.", "A group of people are in the parks playing frisbee.", "A girl running past a boy sitting and two girls with a frisbee.", "A group of people playing frisbee with people watching from the side. "]
["A zebra standing on a patch of dirt on a green hillside.", "A zebra standing in  a pile of dirt looking behind him", "A zebra looking at a rock on the ground with a ram in the background.", "A zebra and a ram stand together in a sandy area.", "A large adult zebra stands in a pile of sand."]
["a small dog is standing in a sink", "The dog is in the kitchen sink and pizza is on the counter. ", "A small yellow dog in a kitchen sink. ", "A small dog standing inside of a metal sink.", "A small dog is sitting in the sink in a kitchen."]
["A woman throwing a frisbee on a field.", "A women who is throwing a Frisbee. ", "An altered picture of a woman with a mans leg.", "A woman throwing a frisbee in a field.", "A woman throwing a frisbee while standing in the field"]
["A woman standing on top of a field  near a frisbee.", "A woman catches a frisbee in a grassy field.", "a woman wearing shades and standing in a grassy field", "A woman in a field of grass playing with a white disc.", "a woman in a field with a Frisbee and person behind her"]
["two zebras walking in a line next to some rocks ", "Two zebras standing in a field grazing on some grass.", "Two zebras walking with each other near rocks. ", "Two zebra are walking one behind the other.", "Two zebras walking inside a gated green, rocky area."]
["An antique picture of a man, woman, cat, and dog.", "A man and woman sitting in the grass with a cat and dog.", "An old picture of a man and woman with dog and cat ", "A man and woman with a cat and a dog.", "A big full view of several people gathering.\n"]
["Two zebras nuzzle together in a wooded area. ", "two zebras laying their heads on each other like a hug ", "A couple of zebra standing next to each other.", "Two zebras appear to be hugging each other beneath the trees.", "Those zebras must giving each other a hug,"]
["A zebra lying down on the grass eating and resting.", "A zebra who is sitting down in the grass.", "a close up of a zebra sitting in a field of grass", "there is a zebra sitting under a tree in the grass", "A zebra laying down in the grass resting for a while."]
["a couple of dogs stand on a beach next to some water ", "A black dog laying on the ground next to a brown and white dog.", "Two dogs on a beach surrounded by grass.", "A dog and another dog are frolicking on the beach.", "Two dogs in the sand with the ocean in the background. "]
["a black dog is running on a beach", "A black do running on sand with all four feet in the air.", "Dog running on sandy shore of beach near water. ", "a dog runs along a sandy beach ", "a wet black dog running on the beach "]
["a man outside after he threw a frizbee", "An older man tossing a red frisbee across a field.", "A man standing next to a bike laying in the grass throwing a red Frisbee. ", "Man in a green field throwing a red frisbee.", "A man throws his Frisbee while standing near a tree stump and a bicycle."]
["A white dog walking on a beach in front of a black dog.", "Three dogs running along the beach in a kine", "Three dogs in the sand on a beach near water.", "Three dogs walking out of the water on a beach.", "The three dogs are walking on the beach together. "]
["A dog running along a stone wall next to a beach.", "A dog stretching with the ocean in the background.", "A dog stretching on a ledge near water. ", "a dog stretching on a stone railing next to a body of water.", "A dog standing on a wall by the beach."]
["Zebra standing next to fence in grassy area.", "The zebra is in the field standing all alone. ", "A zebra standing in a field taking a break.", "A zebra is standing outside in the grass near a fence.", "A zebra standing next to a fence in front of some trees."]
["a group of people playing frisbee out side", "A man throws a frisbee at the park", "A man tossing a frisbee while standing on a lush green park.", "A man throwing a Frisbee in the park", "A man throwing a frisbee in the grassy area of a park."]
["A man in brown shirt playing with a red frisbee.", "A man running towards a red Frisbee in a park.", "A man in blue jeans reaching for a red sweater.", "Adult male playing with red flying disc in grassy area of park.", "A man is bending forward to catch a Frisbee."]
["She's probably not going to get to that frisbee in time.", "A woman standing in a field tossing a red frisbee.", "A girl catching a red frisbee that was  thrown to her.", "A young lady playing with a disc in a grassy field.", "A girl in a park with trees catching a frisbee."]
["A group of zebra standing on top of a lush green field.", "zebras walking in line in the shade ", "There are three zebras standing on the edge of some trees", "Three zebras escape the sun in the shade of a line of trees.", "Several zebras walking in the shade near some trees."]
["Two zebra standing next to each other in a park.", "Two zebras are in the grass near some trees.", "Two zebras are standing on the grass under a shady tree.", "THERE ARE TWO ZEBRAS THAT ARE WALKING ON THE GRASS", "A pair of zebras grazing on a field next to trees."]
["A Zebra is walking alone in the green gas. ", "There is a zebra walking on the grass.", "A lonely zebra galloping through a wildlife enclosure.", "A zebra runs across the grass covered ground.", "A zebra running in the grass on a sunny day. "]
["Two zebras standing outside grazing on some grass.", "Two zebras walking through a grassy field. ", "Two zebras grazing in grass lands in front of a building.", "zebras standing around a tree eating some grass ", "Two zebras grazing in the grass beside a large tree root"]
["Two people standing next to and holding onto the frisbee golf goal in a park.", "Boy and girl standing next to chain links with girl holding frisbee\n", "A man and woman that are standing near a tree.", "a man and woman are hanging out at a park", "A woman standing next to a man while holding a frisbee."]
["A PERSON IS THROWING A FRISBEE IN THE GRASS", "A woman throwing a blue frisbee on a green grass covered hill.", "A woman walking in the grass in the fall", "Woman in a blue dress walking across a leaf filled yard.", "A woman walking in a grass area and a frisbee in front of her."]
["Two zebras in the zoo by some trees.", "A picture of zebras eating out of a troth. ", "A group of zebras drinking and eating at a zoo.", "Zebras feeding at a wooden trough in the daytime.", "many zebras gather around a bucket of food to eat", "Two zebra are standing near a wooden feeding trough."]
["Zebras eat from a trough set up in their zoo enclosure", "A ZEBRA IS EATING OUT OF THE TRAY", "A zebra feeds from a feeding station while in a fenced area.", "A zebra standing next to a feeding trough.", "a zebra eating some food in its pen"]
["Couple of zebras eating out of the food bin at the zoo", "some zebras in their pen some food a fence and tree", "Two zebras eat food out of a bucket in a zoo", "Two zebras stand on either side of a trough in a pen.", "Two zebras eating in a fenced in enclosure."]
["three zebras and a gazelle drinking at a watering hole", "THREE ZEBRAS AND ONE GAZELLE GRAZING TOGETHER ", "Three zebras and an antelope drinking from a small pond.", "Zebras and a gazelle in a wildlife park", "Three zebra grazing in the grass on a sunny day."]
["Zebras graze among grasses, shrubs, and a dead, leaning tree.", "a herd of zebra graze in a clearing in the shrubs, and antelope looks on through the bushes. ", "A couple of zebras grazing together in a field.", "Zebra herd grazing in a natural setting with dead tree.", "A zebra stands below a tree leaning at a fourty five degree angle."]
["Three zebras are grazing in a fielded area.", "Three zebras in the ground eating dry grass.", "theree zebras are standing and grazing on the plain ", "Three zebras are standing in the grass field.", "A group of zebras grazing on the savannah."]
["A group of people riding horses across a beach near the ocean.", "A group of people riding horses on the beach.", "A group of people are horseback riding along the beach.", "Horseback riders riding on the beach near a rock formation.", "A group of people are riding horses on the seashore."]
["A man attacked a group of children armed with shields and spears.", "Several people are participating in a jousting demonstration.", "A group of re-enactors practices medieval battle on horseback and foot.", "A man on a horse with a lance and several people on the ground with shield and swords.", "A group of tourists pose with spears and shields as a jouster rides towards them."]
["a big building that has a clock on it", "An old metal statue of horses in front of a decorative building.", "A horse sculpture in the foreground with a colorful, ornate building in the background. ", "The statues of horses are outside of the building.", "A statue in front of a building with several statutes on it."]
["a group of zebra stand in a grass field", "A herd of zebras stands on the edge of a grassy field.", "A group of zebras are standing together in a grassy area.", "A herd of zebra look up from the tall grass. ", "Several different zebras standing in the tall grass."]
["Man riding a horse in an open arena.", "an image of man riding on his horse", "A man riding a horse in an arena", "A man is riding a horse outdoors in a riding area.", "An older man rides a horse inside a gated area."]
["A woman riding a brown horse through a tree covered road.", "A young woman riding a horse in the dirt", "There is a person riding on horse back", "A girl riding a horse on a path.", "a person riding a horse beside some trees "]
["A woman sitting on a horse while he's walking. ", "two people riding horses on a dirt ground", "A woman and a man riding some horses. ", "A person riding on the back of a brown horse through a dirt field.", "A woman riding a horse around in a corral."]
["a horse that is tied up to a post", "Two horses tied to a pole by the ocean ", "Hose tired to a pole in the desert looking onward.", "A saddled horse is tied to a tree.", "A horse standing in a desert looking forward."]
["A couple of people riding on a horse in the water.", "two kids riding a horse on the beach in the water ", "A couple of people riding on the back of a brown horse.", "The people are riding horses in the water.", "a couple of kids are riding a horse "]
["A zebra laying on a dirt ground next to a wooden fence.", "A picture of a zebra laying down in the dirt.", "A zebra lounges on the dirt floor by pool of water in the sunshine.", "Small zebra laying down on the dirt alone. ", "a zebra laying in the dirt looking at his leg"]
["A zebra standing on a dry grass covered field.", "The giraffe, in his natural environment, is photographed in from the side rear view. ", "A single giraffe stands sturdy in the sunlight. ", "A zebra standing in some brush without leaves.", "Rear view of a zebra standing by water"]
["Two zebras stand outside in front of some tall grass.", "Two side by side zebras are near the tall grass.", "Two zebras are standing side by side as they stare straight ahead.", "Two zebra standing next to each other on a field.", "Two zebras are looking at the plants on the ground."]
["five people riding horses on a dirt road trees and bushes", "A group of people riding horses down a road in the woods.", "A group of people riding horses along a forest.", "A group of people ride horses on a road.", "a couple of people on four horses walking the streets "]
["A group of horses carrying a back hoe with a seat.", "An old photograph of a farmer watching two horses pull a plow", "there are two horses pulling a carriage through the grass", "two animals pulling a wooden device in a old photo", "Two horses are shown plowing a piece of land while a man watches."]
["A person holding a baby is looking at horses in a stable.", "A lady petting the top of a horses head.", "a woman holding a child pets a horse in a stall", "a woman and a small child and two horses", "Someone is petting a horse while holding a baby."]
["A couple of pony's standing in the middle of a forest.", "Two horses are standing beside a baby horse.", "a couple of horses are standing in a field", "Two horses standing a field of grass next to a young horse.", "two ponies and a calf enjoying the weather"]
["A woman riding a horse with number 26 on it", "Woman in a blue shirt riding on the back of a horse. ", "A cowgirl riding on top of a horse.", "A woman is rding a horse with a hat ", "Horse and rider # 26 walking by camera."]
["A couple of brown horses standing on a grass covered field.", "two horses standing side by side in a field", "There are a few horses standing together in the field. ", "Horses standing in grass with large trees behind them.", "A couple of horses standing in a field with concerned looks."]
["A group of little leaguers sitting on top of a bench.", "batter line up one is standing and the others are on a bench", "One kid player stands with bat as others sit on bench during baseball game.", "A minor league base ball teams awaits their turn up for bat", "a young baseball player with a bat on the field"]
["The child smiles while posing in a baseball uniform. ", "a happy boy wearing his baseball uniform in front of the fireplace", "A big smile for a young baseball player.", "A little child standing in front of fireplace with hat and baseball glove on.", "A boy in a baseball uniform poses in front of a fire place."]
["A white bowl with seven naval oranges next to a stack of plates.", "A close up of a white bowl filled with shiny oranges.", "a glass bowel filled with full oranges ", "Beautiful oranges in a white bowl with a stack of plates in the background.", "A white bowl of oranges in front of a stack of plates."]
["A man standing on a field wearing a glove.", "some buildings water and two children playing catch ", "Two people are playing ball in a parking area beside a city river.", "A young child is playing on the baseball field.", "Two boys on a field throwing a ball at night time. "]
["A banana and some fruit on a table.", "Different types of fruit are shown on the counter.", "a banana some oranges a lemon apples a bowl knife and cutting board", "A pile of fruit sitting on top of a wooden table.", "there are many fruits sitting next to a cutting board"]
["Five yellow bananas and one orange orange together", "A bunch of bananas and a orange siting in a pile.", "a tangering sitting on top of some bananas ", "Bananas and an orange are sitting together on the cloth", "there is one orange laying among five bananas"]
["A banana with a face drawn on it.", "Banana with face drawn on it looks in the mirror", "A banana with a face written on it in front of a mirror.", "Someone drew a smiley face on the banana. ", "A banana bearing a smiley face is looking in a mirror."]
["Two men cross country ski up a path.", "Cross-country skiers make their way along a snowy road running through a pine forest.", "Two people cross country skiing along a wide path.", "A man riding skis across a snow covered country side.", "Two skiers ski uphill on a snow covered trail."]
["a baseball player catches a ball in his glove ", "A baseball player catching a ball with it's glove.", "A baseball player preparing to throw the baseball.", "a close up ofa baseball player with a glove ", "A baseball player putting out his glove to catch the ball."]
["a person riding skis on a snowy surface ", "Group of skiers going up a snowy trail together. ", "Two cross country skiers make their way along a snow covered trail between the evergreen trees.", "Two skiers are moving along a snowy trail.", "A cross country skier with a backpack, on a trail "]
["Some players in action on the baseball field.", "a person standing up at home plate with a bat", "There are people watching a game of baseball.", "a baseball player swinging a bat at a ball", "At a baseball game a player for one team swings at a ball."]
["A couple of people riding skis down a snow filled trail.", "two people on snow skis snow and trees", "Two cross country skiers make their way along a wooded trail.", "Two people traveling down a snow covered road in the day.", "these people are skiing in the snow together"]
["people at a ski lodge walking around in the snow", "Skiers and other winter sports enthusiasts at a ski resort.", "Skiers waiting to ski on a busy mountain slope. ", "some people are walking in the snow carrying their skis", "People enjoying winter pleasures at a ski resort"]
["a group of people stand around a bunch of fruit ", "an open market with bananas and other friuts", "People look at a display of fruit at a farmer's market.", "View of a market with many ripe and green bananas, hanging and on tables under tents, with people and a motorcycle.", "A marked filled with lots of ripe and unripe bananas."]
["a baseball player throwing a pitch from the mound", "The player is in the red uniform is pitching a baseball.", "A pitcher that is in the process of throwing another pitch. ", "A baseball player throwing a pitch onto the field", "Man in red and white uniform pitching a baseball."]
["Two men riding skies down a snow covered road.", "Two skiers moving along a snowy trail in the middle of the woods. ", "Two people skiing a snowy trail lined with trees.", "Two people cross country skiing through a valley of trees.", "people riding skis on a snowy slope with trees in the background"]
["A baseball player has just thrown a pitch.", "Two baseball players in action during a baseball game.", "A pair of baseball players playing a game on a field.", "Two young baseball players in the middle of a game", "A baseball player who has just thrown the baseball."]
["A group of people carrying ski equipment while walking on snow covered ground.", "a group of people on skies going down the hill", "people on a snowy slope carrying skis on their back", "A group of skiers getting off of a ski lift", "Several cross country skiers, some skiing and some carrying their skis."]
["three snow skiers in full gear headed down the mountain", "Three skiers are skiing down the snowy mountain.", "A few snow skiers are going a mountain slope.", "Some people are skiing on a snowy hill", "Three skiers prepare for a simple downhill run."]
["a couple of men are standing on a snowy mountain", "A couple of people in the snow with some skis.", "Skiers on snow covered mountain on cloudy day.", "Skiers skiing down a hill with mountains in the background.", "A group of people with skis riding down a snowy slope."]
["A man holding a snowboard stands on a hill in the snow while a mountain range is in the distance.", "A man holding a snowboard looking down a mountain.", "A man standing next to a snowboard on a ski slope.", "A snowboarder looks out over deserted ski slopes.", "A man holding a snow board looking at a snowy ski slope."]
["A skier with his skis and back pack taking a rest.", "A man in sunglasses sitting next to skis on snowy mountain.", "A snowboarder preparing his equipment for snowboarding trip.", "a snow skier sitting down looking at the  camera", "a man sitting down in front of his skiis"]
["Two youngsters in the snow with helmets and skis.", "Two kids wearing helmets and skis in the snow.", "Two young boys standing on the snow in skis.", "two young beginner snow skiers waiting to start learning", "Two children with helmets skiing in the snow."]
["a number of baseball players on a field", "a group of baseball players standing on a baseball diamond", "Action in the infield of a professional baseball game.", "baseball players standing around during part of a game ", "A group of baseball player standing on top of a field."]
["a bunch of bananas hanging from a wire ", "Bananas are hanging under a straw hut roof.", "Bananas hanging from a line strung across a palm-thatched roof. ", "a bunch of bananas stuck on a line above a kitchen", "Bushels of bananas hanging from a rope in a store."]
["A bunch of bananas bundles together with a lady taking pictures", "A woman taking a picture in a warehouse full of bunches of hanging bananas.", "a woman taking a picture of a lot of bananas ", "People standing near several hanging branches of banana bunches.", "A couple of people standing next to some bananas."]
["A young man kneeling on top of a base.", "baseball player kneeling on ground near home plate", "a man in a baseball uniform resting on his knees on the baseball field", "A baseball player on home plate on his knees.", "baseball player knealing on the field in orange shirt"]
["A man throws a baseball on a baseball diamond.", "A man pitching a baseball during a baseball game.", "Two baseball players and an umpire get into the game.", "an image of a professional baseball game being played ", "A baseball player on the field in the motion of throwing the ball."]
["A man is looking at the fruit at the fruit stand", "A man standing next to a large pile of oranges.", "A man stand next to a blue street cart filled with oranges.", "this man is looking at some fruit on display", "A portable orange fruit stand on the city street."]
["a glass of liquid is on a table", "The oranges were juiced and strained with a colander.", "An orange and an orange juicer beside pulp in a strainer", "An orange and a hand juicer sitting on a counter.", "A bunch of things to cook with sitting on the counter"]
["A baseball player wearing a catchers mitt on top of a baseball field.", "adult men in uniform playing baseball on a baseball field", "Baseball players playing baseball in front of a crowd of people.", "A baseball player pitching a baseball during a game", "A crowd is watching a baseball game being played."]
["Oranges and a leaf are in a silver colander.", "A metal bowl is filled with oranges and a green leaf.", "A bunch of oranges are in a strainer. ", "a big metal colander filled with navel oranges", "A big shiny metal strainer with some fruit."]
["A bowl filled with granola and banana slices.", "A large container of banana slices on a table.", "Looking down at a fruit crumble topped with bananas", "Sliced bananas sitting on top of something in a pan.", "The sweet dish features bananas on top of the crust.."]
["The child in a racoon stocking cap is eating a banana.", "A young boy eating a banana outside. ", "a smiley kid gazing with a banana on his mouth", "A child with a hat on and a banana in their mouth.", "A young boy in a denim jacket wearing a grey raccoon cap eating a banana."]
["A man standing on top of a field holding a bat.", "A batter watching a baseball go by to be caught by the catcher.", "A batter ready to hit the ball with the catcher and umpire behind him ", "A man taking a pitch with a baseball bat on a field.", "Baseball catcher catching a ball that appears to be high and outside."]
["a man is preparing to pitch the baseball ball.", "A man in black jersey throwing a baseball on field.", "A man in a black shirt is throwing a baseball.", "A baseball player standing on grass holding a glove.", "A man throwing a baseball on a field wearing a uniform."]
["A slice of pizza that is sitting on a paper plate.", "A piece of pizza sits on top of a plate.", "A piece of cheese pizza sitting on a plastic plate. ", "A very tasty looking slice of cheese pizza.", "A large slice of cheese pizza on a paper plate."]
["There is one slice of pizza left on the plate. ", "A slice of pizza with pepperoni and pineapple on it.", "A tasty looking slice of pizza with some toppings.", "A slice of pizza that's sitting on a plate on the table. ", "There is a slice of pizza with pepperoni and pineapple on it."]
["A young person standing on a snow covered ground while wearing skies.", "A woman with her skiing paraphernalia is standing  in her backyard on a snowy day", "A person very cold in the snow on a set of skis.", "A person on skis hiding their face for the picture.", "A person bundled up wearing skiis in the snow outside of a house. "]
["a person jumping over a ramp in the water ", "A water skier flipping from a ramp in a lake in Florida", "A water skier doing a somersault in the air.", "A woman on water ski's in the air.", "Person on water skis doing jump tricks off ramp"]
["a group of people on water skiis doing tricks", "Professional water skiers perform tricks on a lake", "Water skiers are on the water and in the air.", "Four people on skies jumping off of obsticles.", "Water skiers perform stunts as they are pulled behind boats."]
["A few people are participating in water sports and some are in a boat. ", "A pair of people on water skis jump off a ramp.", "People on water skis jumping a jump in the water.", "Two people doing tricks by waterskiing over ramp.", "People in air on waterboards over water with banner"]
["Cauliflower, carrots, and broccoli are arranged in a vegetable bowl.", "A plate filled with broccoli, carrots and cauliflower.", "A bowl of baby carrots, cauliflower and broccoli pieces. ", "carrots, broccoli, and cauliflower on a plate ", "Carrots, cauliflower and broccoli sitting in a clear container."]
["A black plate filled with food by a keyboard", "There is a plate of breakfast food in front of a keyboard", "a plate covered with assorted meats and a knife and fork ", "Plate of food that includes eggs, bacon and bread.", "A plate topped with an open face sandwich."]
["A table topped with a tray of food and a cup of sauce.", "A tray that has food on sitting on it.", "Various foods and dips are sitting in the container.", "Different foods and sauce sitting on a plastic plate", "Broccoli, a hard boiled egg, sauce and some other food together in a container. "]
["A white plate topped with meat, veggies and gravy.", "a plate with some vegetables and cheese on top of it ", "A plate of rice with garbanzo beans and broccoli. ", "A plate of food on a table ", "A plate of food and rice is on the counter"]
["A young man swinging a baseball bat on a baseball field.", "A softball game is being played by a fence.", "a person with a hat swinging a baseball bat", "A young person swinging a baseball bat and striking the ball.", "A boy swinging his baseball bat with a catcher and umpire behind him. "]
["A pitcher in black looking at the opposing teammate on third base.", "A baseball game is in action on a green plush field.", "some baseball players are playing baseball and people in the background", "Pitcher checking the base runner before pitching the ball.", "A baseball player ready to pitch a ball."]
["Some kids are playing in a baseball game", "some baseball players are playing baseball on a field", "A group of young men playing a game of baseball.", "A group of people play a game of baseball together.", "a number of baseball players on a field "]
["a plate full of rice and vegetables on top", "A big pretty plate filled with some tasty looking food.", "A plate with food on the table ", "The food is prepared and ready to be eaten", "A large white plate of food on a table."]
["Two men walking through a forest on a trail.", "A group of people with skateboards walk on a trail.", "two skateboarders walking up some steps one is holding two skateboards", "A skateboarder walks up a path holding his skateboard.", "A couple of people that are in the wild."]
["A man in black shirt doing a trick at a skateboarding park.", "A kid jumping off his skateboard at a skateboard park.", "a person jumping in the air on a skateboard.", "an image of a man on a skateboard doing tricks", "A man with a snowboard rolling on ice."]
["person on skate board jumping in air one hand on the bottom of skate board", "A guy is doing a trick on his skateboard.", "A skateboarder executing a jump trick at a skate park.", "A child playing on his skate board at a park. ", "guy jumping up set of steps with his skateboard"]
["A red bowl full of vegetables sitting on a table.", "A bowl filled with vegetables including broccolli and lima beans.", "A red bowl filled with broccoli and corn", "The bowl is filled with brocolli and other vegetables.", "A bowl holds some veggies mixed up with some sauce. "]
["A container filled with different types of food.", "Packed lunch made up of a sandwich and mixed vegetables. ", "A nicely packed lunch with lots of color.", "Sandwich triangles with grapes, apples and carrots on a tray.", "a food box filled with carrots sandwiches and other food"]
["the dish is full of very colorful ingredients,", "A colorful dish of meat, broccoli and sweet potatoes.", "A pan of cooked vegetables including broccoli, and sweet potato.", " A pile of carrots, broccoli and meat balls.", "A pan of roasted vegetables including carrots, broccoli, and cauliflower."]
["A young man on a skateboard at a skate park", "A man wearing an arm brace on a skateboard", "a young man jumping with his skateboard in a skate park", "A man riding up the side of a ramp at a skate park.", "A skateboarder in mid air at a skate park. "]
["A white plate topped with vegetables and meat.", "A plate contains olives, mushrooms, broccoli, and bread.", "Salad and olives sit on a dinner plate with broccoli.", "Plate full of food with olives and broccoli.", "A plate is loaded up with some healthy food."]
["One man rides a skateboard down an empty pool while another man watches.", "Two men in a drained pool, one on a skateboard the other holding a skateboard.", "Two guys are skateboarding in an empty pool.", "Some teenage boys skateboard int he park. ", "A person on a skateboard on a ramp."]
["A group of people descending a snow covered hill.", "A number of skiers hike down a snow covered mountain.", "A group of skiers trekking down a snowy hill.", "Group waiting to take their turns on the ski jump.", "People are trekking down a snow covered mountain"]
["The shirtless man with a skateboard has a shirt wrapped around his head.", "A man with tattoos at a skate park stepping on a skateboard.", "a tattooed man with a skateboard thinking about doing a trick", "A man with his skateboard at a park. ", "A man with a tattooed arm and brown cut off shorts looks down at his skateboard."]
["Two men skateboarding in the middle of the street.", "On a residential street a man in a white t-shirt stands with his arms out on a skateboard.", "The young men are riding their skateboards down the street. ", "two people in a city street wit ha car parked near by", "A boy riding his skateboard down the street."]
["A basket filled with lots of fruit on a table.", "An assortment of fruit laid out in a basket. ", "A table with a basket of fruit and a vase with flowers in it. ", "A basket of fruit near a flower arrangement on a table.", "there is a vase and a bowl of fruits on this table"]
["A person standing next to a TV outside of a building.", "A skateboarder riding past a metal box on the sidewalk", "A man try to move a large TV by himself", "The man is standing beside a television on the sidewalk. ", "a man is standing near a television outside"]
["A beautiful young lady eating a candy apple on an amusement park ride.", "The woman enjoys her candy apple high above the beach.", "A girl holding a candy apple on a carnival ride. ", "A woman eats a candied apple while riding a beach amusement Ferris wheel.", "A girl eats a candy apple while in a Ferris wheel car."]
["Racks of assorted food at a fruit stand", "A display case at a store stocked with fruits and vegetables.", "A large display of a variety of fruits and vegetables. ", "A wide shot of produce at the supermarket.", "A variety of fruits is shown in a market."]
["A row of skis sitting up against a fence.", "Three sets of skis sitting up against a wood fence.", "People are staring over a gate with skies on the other side. ", "Skiers sit behind a series of lined of skis on a rack. ", "A bunch of skis leaning up against a ski rack"]
["A smothered fish dinner with wholesome vegetables ", "A plate of food containing potatoes and broccoli and a sauce.", "A dinner plate with grilled fish, potatoes and broccoli.", "A plate with broccoli, potatoes and other foodstuffs", "The different types of food are sitting on the plate."]
["A pile of containers filled with lots of apple juice.", "The stand is selling apples and apple cider outside.", "Many various sized bottles of apple cider are on the table.", "A bunch of apples and cider for sale on a table.", "A farm stand selling apple cider and apples."]
["A plate of broccoli and meat on a table ", "A large white plate of food on a table.", "A white plate topped with broccoli and other veggies.", "A colorful fresh garden salad on a white plate.", "a plate filled with some broccoli and some tomatoes "]
["A person riding across a snow covered field holding ski poles.", "Person skiing cross country down a trail in the snow.", "Man standing on skis in a open field of snow. ", "Cross country skier heading away from photographer towards hill.", "A skier is alone on a snow mountain "]
["A woman that is standing on ski's in the snow.", "A woman riding skis on top of a snow covered slope.", "Skier on a snowy mountain carrying a backpack.", "this is a man skiing down a hill", "A person wearing a blue coat in ski gear. "]
["Two people are sitting at a table drinking wine.", "A close up of a wine glass with people sitting around.", "A table topped with glasses of wine half full.", "An almost empty wine glass sitting on the wooden table with two guys looking on. ", "A table that is covered with wine glasses.\n"]
["A bunch of glasses that are sitting on a table.", "Several glasses of red wine on a wooden table.", "Several glasses of wine sitting on a table.", "A couple of wine glasses are sitting on the table as people sit around it.", "A group of wine glasses with the word Sterling on them."]
["A pile of assorted fruits and vegetables on a counter.", "A bag full of an assortment of vegetables and some eggs", "Many vegetables and fruit have been stacked with a carton of eggs.", "A variety of fruits and vegetables from straight overhead.", "Fruit and vegetables are arranged next to each other."]
["Two young child skiers are headed down a small slope.", "Two small children on skis with snow and trees in the background.", "people skiing down a hill with no poles", "Two small children ski down a snowy tree lined slope.", "A group of small children riding skis down a snow covered slope."]
["Three different teddy bear on a blanket on a chair.", "Three stuffed animals are holding onto each other.", "Three brown bears sitting next to each other on a bed.", "Three brown teddy bears sitting on a bed.", "Three teddy bears hugging each other on a couch."]
["A guy eating a sandwich in a break room.", "Males eating a sandwich that is looking away from the camera", "Woman holding up half of a large sandwich in her hands. ", "Man with glasses and black shirt eating a sandwich.", "A person sitting at a table eating a sandwich."]
["The lemons, carrots, and lemons are close to each other.", "a close up of tomatoes carrots and lemon", "Closeup of tomatoes, carrots and lemons on a table.", "Lemons, carrots and tomatoes sitting on a table.", "Tomatoes, carrots and lemons are sitting on a table."]
["A white plate topped with a cut in half sandwich.", "A sandwich, banana and a cup of Starbucks coffee.", "A sandwich on a plate and a cup of Starbuck's coffee in a to-go cup. ", "An untouched sandwich is near a cup of coffee and banana. ", "A picture of some food and some coffee."]
["A young boy riding a skateboard through the air.", "A person that is doing a skateboard trick in the air.", "A boy on a skateboard in the air ding a trick.", "A boy with blond hair leaps in the air on a skateboard.", "A young kid in the air on a skateboard."]
["A teenage boy is doing a trick on a skateboard.", "A person doing tricks on a skateboard in a building that is still being built.", "A young boy on a skateboard doing a trick.", "a little boy in a black shirt and pants doing a trick with his skate board", "A boy concentrates as he balances on his skateboard. "]
["A man riding a skateboard on top of a metal rail.", "a skate boarder going down a stair railing ", "A young man skateboarding on a metal rail.", "Young man riding a skateboard on a rail.", "The boy rides the skateboard on the rail. "]
["a person sitting at a computer keyboard playing a video game", "A woman on a home computer at a desk.", "A person using their desktop to play a racing game.", "A person on a computer playing a car game", "A female is on the computer playing a car game."]
["A plate of food containing carrots, oranges and avocados", "Avocado, Carrot, Turkey, and an Orange sitting on a white plate.", "A lunch plate with meat, fruit and vegetables", "A plate contains meat and fresh fruits and vegetables.", "Plate of fresh fruit, vegetables, and some type of meat"]
["A bowl contains baby carrots and other food.", "A plate of hummus, carrots, and crackers are shown.", "A white plate of food on a dining table.", "Carrots and meat are arranged on a plate.", "A picture of carrots, fried pork and some type of dipping sauce on a white plate."]
["A cup of starbucks tea sitting on top of a table next to scissors and a pile of books.", "A tea cup with a metal chain hanging out of th ecup", "A Starbucks mug filled with tea on a table.", "A cup of tea sitting on a table", "A coffee cup on a table with a chain hanging out."]
["A group of skiers trudging up a snow covered hill.", "A group of people on a mountain side on skis.", "Group of Nordic skiers in full gear, with packs, following in line across a landscape.", "Several people skiing up a snow covered slope. ", "The group of seven snowshoes up the mountain side."]
["A person is doing a high jump on some skis.", "A person flipping upside down on a pair of skis.", "People watching a skier doing aerial tricks.  ", "a person jumping a pair of skis in the air", "A person on skis performing a flip off a snowy track."]
["A person in sneakers on a skateboard hitting a cone.", "photograph of someone skateboarding from the ankles down, crashing into a small white cone.", "A skateboarder hitting a traffic cone on the ground", "A person is skateboarding and has just hit a white cone.", "The legs of a person riding a skate board on the street"]
["A woman and a kid are standing on skis in the snow.", "A woman kneeling down next to a child on snow.", "A child standing on skiis with an older woman waves at the camera.", "two people waving at someone taking their picture.", "A woman in gray jacket standing on skis next to a child in a blue snowsuit."]
["An adult skier towing a small child by a ski pole.", "a small kid on skis follows an adult on some snow", "some snow skiers on a hill and some trees", "A group of people riding skis up a ski slope.", "a little kid is wearing a pair of skies"]
["a person riding on a snow mobile ", "A couple of people riding a snow mobile in a field.", "Two people who are riding on a snow mobile.", "Two people taking a snowmobile with the passenger getting ready to go skiing.", "Two people riding on a snow mobile with skis on the back"]
["A cake is pictured that is a combined Friday the 13th and Valentine's Day Chocolate Layer Cake.", "A cake that is shaped like a heart.", "Black heart shaped cake with a knife in it", "A cake has a heart with a knife in it.", "A black cake shaped like a hear has a knife sticking from it."]
["A man is riding on a street on his skate board.", "A young man is going down the street on a skate board.", "Someone riding their skateboard down the road. ", "a male standing and skateing on a skate board on a conrete surface", "a guy on a skate board riding in the street"]
["An assortment of food including carrots, tomatoes, and quiches.", "A serving spoon is placed on top of a tray of different foods.", "A container with a variety of vegetables, desserts, breads and other types of foods, with one spoon on top of the food items.", "a tray filled with rolls, veggies, cookies and some tomatoes ", "various snack items, including baked goods, tomatoes, dip, carrots, bread, and other items"]
["A man in shorts riding a surfboard in  a pit", "a man who is riding on a skateboard", "Skateboarders are at a skatepark and it's cloudy in the sky. ", "A man on a skate board near some very big ramps.", "a white male on a skate board ramp"]
["A person standing on skis in the snow in front of a hut. ", "A person on some skis in the snow.", "black and white photo of a guy on skis", "A man standing on skis on top of snow covered ground.", "A person on skis preparing to ski down a hill."]
["Woman holding up a small boy on a snow trail. ", "A woman and a child are snow skiing.", "an older person and a younger person riding skis", "A snowboarder and her child in the snow.", "A parent skiing down the slopes with their child."]
["A man and child wearing skis in the snow.", "A woman kneeling down next to a child.", "an adult in ski wear and wearing skis kneeling on a snow bank next to a child who is also wearing ski wear and skis", "A man and a boy wearing ski gear.", "A man and boy standing on skis on a snowy field."]
["A man flying through the air while riding a snowboard.", "A person in a black jacket jumping with skis on.", "Someone that skiis doing tricks in the air. ", "Person high in the sky after jumping off a ramp on their skis", "A skier in mid air during a jump on the slope."]
["A big wooden dining table filled with lots of food.", "Dinner on a table set for two people", "A dinner table with a meal and two alien toy heads on it.", "This table includes a complete meal including a casserole and vegetables.", "a table and chairs with silverware and plates a pan and bowl of food"]
["A black plate topped with a pile of different foods.", "there is a plate of rice and eggs with vegetables", "A plate of food with a spoon on a table.", "The dish of food offers a variety of ingredients.\n", " a chicken dish with rice carrots and hush puppies  "]
["A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "man in green coat cross country skiing on path", "A cross country skier on a snowy path.", "A man cross-country skis through snow next to a hill. ", "The person skis along a narrow, snowy path."]
["Table full of hot dogs, ribs, burgers and other party food", "Large assortment of cooked foods displayed on large table.", "A barbeque buffet sits out on a table.", "Dishes of meat and potato salad sit on a table.", "A table full of food including: hot dogs, ribs, noodles and more."]
["A man jumping on snowboard with mountains and trees in background.", "A man on a snowboard performing jumps on a snowy hillside.", "The snowboarder is riding down the mountain. ", "A snowboarder doing a trick high above the snow.", "A man on a snowboard does an air trick."]
["Three men holding snowboards on top of a mountain", "three males wearing black are holding their snowboards", "A group of three men standing next to  each other.", "Three men on a snowy mountain with snowboards.", "Three snowboarders pose for a picture on top of a mountain."]
["A person skiing on snow covered field in front of houses. ", "The snowboarder is enjoying going down the hill.\n", "A person on a snowboard on a short ski slope ramp in front of a building.", "A snowboarder in blue sliding down a snow bank.", "a snowboarder in a blue jacket a small hill and buildings"]
["a skateboarder in a black shirt  is doing a trick", "A man in grey shirt jumping on a skateboard.", "A person riding a skateboard up a ramp by a mountain.", "A person at a skatepark doing some tricks", "A skateboarder is curving his jump in a bowl"]
["A young male jumping with his skate board.", "a man is doing a trick on a skateboard", "A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "A person skateboarding and doing tricks inside a building.", "A skateboarder is performing a trick inside a parking garage."]
["A person on a skateboard up on a ledge.", "A boy does a trick on his  skateboard in a skate park. ", "A skate boarder elegantly rides the side of a wall", "A man in grey shirt and black hoodie doing a trick on a skateboard.", "A man is doing a trick on a skateboard."]
["Bagels stuffed with eggs served on a plate", "Two egg salad sandwiches sitting on a plate.", "A white plate topped with two pieces of food.", "Two rolls stuffed with egg salad sit on a plate. ", "The sandwiches are filled with some kind of salad."]
["A group of people snowboarding in the mountains.", "A crew of four near a small shelter in a snowy landscape.", "Several people are shoveling snow near a shack.", "A group of people resting on a hill above a cabin.", "Four persons skiing on snow clad mountains and slopes."]
["two males are sitting on a wooden bench eating donuts", "Two young boys eating while wearing skiing outfits. ", "Two young children sitting outside on a bench eating doughnuts.", "Two children eat outside in the snow wearing snow gear.", "Two people sitting on a bench in the snow eating donuts."]
["Foot long hot dog in a bun with cheese sauce.", "A genuine foot long hot dog with mustard thats ready to eat.", "A foot long hot dog sitting on top of a paper.", "A large hotdog sitting on a napkin on the table.", "A foot long hot dog with mustard on a napkin."]
["A group of three men riding snowboards on a snow covered slope.", "Three people sitting in the snow with snowboard on their feet.", "Two snowboarders and a skier sitting on a ski slope.", "Two snowboarders and a skier are posing for a picture while sitting in the snow.", "Snow boarders and a skier sit in the snow and pose"]
["The helmeted snowboarder is jumping through the air.", "A person in blue ski pants on a snowboard, in the air.", "A snowboarder in mid air on a sunny day ", "The skateboarder is jumping in the air on his skateboard.", "A person is jumping on a snowboard and is in the hair with his hands out and knees bent."]
["A snowboarder is gliding backwards down a slope.", "Snowboarder riding quickly down trail following landing from jump.", "The snowboarder riding a snowboard on a slope.", "A man riding down the side of a snow covered slope.", "A person on a snowboard riding in the snow."]
["A sandwich that is next to some fries.", "a close up of a plate of food with fries ", "A white plate topped with fries and a sandwich.", "There is a plate with french fries and a sandwich.", "A sandwich and french fries are on a plate."]
["A man sitting at a table with food near his mouth.", "Man eating hot dog from tiny container in restaurant", "a male in a red shirt eating and some people and lights", "A man wearing a red shirt is eating a hot dog in a restaurant.", "A man that is sitting down holding bread."]
["A man that is sitting in front of a pizza.", "A person at a table with a pizza pie.", "A woman looking at a pizza on the table.", "A person sitting at a table with a pizza in front of them.", "A man sitting by the window with a pizza"]
["The shelve has a lot of donuts on it ", "An arrangement of doughnuts grouped in front of a store window.", "A display of donuts six for five dollars", "A shelf with donuts being sold six for five dollars.", "A display case in a store filled with donuts."]
["The two people are ready to serve the variety of donuts.", "Two people in the office stand around the refreshment table.", "People standing around a table with several boxes of donuts.", "A lot of donuts that are on a table.", "A group of people standing by boxes of doughnuts."]
["man with a jelly doughnut in mouth ", "A person with some food in their mouth.", "Man at a restaurant with a piece of pastry stuffed in his mouth.", "The man is acting silly with the food in his mouth.", "A man has stuffed a jelly doughnut into his mouth."]
["A man walking up the side of a snow covered ski slope while wearing skis.", "A group of skiers trekking through the snow", "a person walking up a snowy hill wearing snow shoes", "A man climbs a snowy mountain using snowshoes. ", "A backcountry skier uses an ice axe to ascend a slope."]
["Three people are sitting at a table eating pizza.", "Two woman and a man seated at a table about to eat pizza. ", "there are three people sitting at a table eating pizza", "Three people sharing a meal smile as the fourth takes their picture.", "Three people are sitting around a dining table."]
["a tennis racket with a tennis ball on it ", "A tennis racket and ball at the tennis court", "a tennis rackett with a tennis ball sitting on top", "A green tennis ball bouncing on a wood tennis racket.", "a blurry photo of a tennis racquet and a tennis ball"]
["Baseball players on a field and near empty stadium.", "a group of people playing baseball on a field ", "A baseball player is in the batter's box and has his bat back as a pitch is thrown to him and another person holding a glove is next to second base.", "A baseball player stands in position to hit the ball.", "the hitter prepares the to hit the pitch"]
["A steak topped with an egg and peppers.", "A sandwich and knife are sitting on a plate.", "An intricate plate of food on a restaurant table.", "a plate with some meat and other food on it ", "A plate of food with a knife, meat and vegetables on it. "]
["Three ladies working in a confectionery with baked goods behind them", "Three women at a pastry shop in front of a large glass display case.", "A woman standing in a bakery in front of a display case.", "Three employees stand in behind the counter of a donut shop.", "THREE WOMEN ARE IN UNIFORM WORKING AT A BAKERY"]
["A football game is going on in a park.", "A man on a field prepares to kick a soccer ball.", "A group of soccer players in action on the field.", "Soccer players during match play in city environment.", "A group of young Asian men are playing soccer."]
["A frosted old-fashioned doughnut sits on a white paper.", "a persons hand is holding a donut on a white paper", "A doughnut sitting on top of a white piece of paper.", "A hand holding wax paper and a donut in street.", "A person holding a doughnut in their hand. "]
["The paddle surfer is looking for a big wave.", "a person on a surf board goes through the water ", "A blurry foreground suggests a counter top with food-bearing items, while the majority of the shot shows a rippling expanse of water and a person standing on a surfboard and using a long oar to move away from shore.   ", "A person who is standing in the water on a surfboard.", "A man is paddle boarding in the ocean."]
["A fast food lunch with a side of fries.", "A red and white napkin covered with fries, a burger and coleslaw", "A cheese burger resting next to a pile of fries.", "Several potato dishes - french fries, a baked potato, and potato salad.", "a tray of french fries a baked potato and coleslaw "]
["A plate that has a pile of doughnuts on it.", "A blue plate topped with powdered sugar covered donuts.", "a plate full of delicious looking glazed donuts", "A pile of powdered sugar donuts rest on a plate", "A large blue plate with a pile of powdered donuts on it."]
["a boy in his bed has food set in front of him", "a happy boy sitting in bed smiling over the food he has to eat ", "a boy excited about his breakfast in bed", "A young boy excited about breakfast in bed. ", "a little boy that is eating food in bed"]
["A man on a wake board that is up in the air.", "A man parasurfing in a body of water. ", "a man on a surfboard that is in a body of water", "A person up in the air on a surfboard.", "A man riding a kiteboard over a large body of water."]
["Clear plate of fries next to a bacon cheeseburger.", "A plate with french fries and a hamburger sandwich.", "a beef sandwich with cheese and bacon and some French fries", "A hamburger using a glazed donut for a bun next to fries.", "A hamburger has cheese and bacon on it."]
["A white plate holding various sized doughnuts on a table.", "On a table sits a plate with 3 doughnuts.", "An assortment of pastry treats on a white tray.", "a plate with assorted square donuts on it ", "a close up of a plate of doughnuts on a table"]
["A plate topped with three different types of doughnuts.", "A chocolate frosted donut on a plate with a bagel", "a plate with some doughnuts sitting on top of it ", "A big white plate with some very tasty looking pastries.", "Three donuts are arranged on a white lacy plate."]
["A table with two laptops, two cups of hot chocolate and two donuts on it. ", "A table topped with two plates of donuts and two cups of coffee.", "a close up of a plate with a doughnut ", "Hot cocoa and donuts are being served next to the laptops.", "A table is full of donuts, coffee, and laptops."]
["A donut covered in white frosting and lots of sprinkles.", "A doughnut with icing and different colored sprinkles on it.", "a close up of a donut with many colored sprinkles", "a close up of a doughnut covered in sprinkles", "An angel food cake has been decorated with multi-colored sprinkles. "]
["A boy is eating a pastry in a room.", "A boy eating a doughnut, with chocolate on it.", "a little boy that is eating some kind of doughnut", "A young boy eating a chocolate covered donut.", "A kid who is biting into a large pastry. "]
["A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A man that is on a tennis court with a racquet.", "The tennis player is wearing a jacket to play.", "A person is getting ready to hit a ball with a tennis racket.", "A man returns a tennis ball on a park tennis court."]
["People on surfboards in the water riding on waves.", "There are many people in the water at the beach.", "A group of people swimming in the ocean watch some surfers.", "Several people swimming or riding surfboards in the ocean.", "A group of people who are in the water."]
["there are many people sitting on the beach together", "A group of people sit on a beach with a cooler and towels.", "people on a beach with beach towels  cooler and surf board", "A group of men and women on the beach with striped towels and a yellow surfboard. ", "A group of people having a picnic on the beach."]
["Woman on tennis court playing tennis with a ponytail.\n", "A woman jumping into the air with a tennis racket.", "a woman swinging a tennis racquet on a tennis court", "A young woman reaches to swing at a tennis ball. ", "A woman jumping in air playing a game of tennis"]
["A toddler smiles in front of a toy train set on a table.", "A very cute small boy with a nice smile.", "A kid standing in a room by a table.", "A blonde boy stands looking happily at the camera", "A young boy smiles next to a toy train."]
["A group of soccer players scramble against each other to get the ball. ", "A large group of soccer players appear to be fighting over the ball.", "A group of soccer players jumping towards a ball", "A bunch of soccer players from two teams attempt to hit a soccer ball.", "A group of boys playing soccer with most of the team members in a group jumping in the air towards the soccer ball."]
["A small boy practicing hitting a baseball off of a ball stand", "Young boy playing T-ball on his front lawn", "A young boy hitting a baseball off a t-ball stand.", "A young boy hitting a tee ball with a red bat.", "A child is playing with an elevated baseball and a bat."]
["A small sandwich sitting on a white china plate.", "A white plate topped with a cut in half sandwich.", "a plate with a sandwich cut in half next to a spoon ", "There is a sandwich with cheese cut in half on a plate.", "A sandwich missing a bite on a plate next to soup."]
["A muffin tin filled with lots of  muffins.", "a close up of cupcakes cooking in a tray", "A number of cakes in an oven being baked", "A tray that has a bunch of cupcakes in it.", "A metal pan with some cooked cup cakes."]
["A plate filled with two sandwiches cut in half next to a bowl of tomato soup.", "A bowl of soup is combined with a plate of grilled sandwiches.", "A bowl of soup sits before a sandwich on a plate. ", "Delicious looking meal of grilled sandwiches and soup", "A plate with sandwiches next to a bowl of creamy soup."]
["Two people sitting at a table with a cake in front of them.", "Two peple  with a cake that has a building on it.", "two people are cutting into a cake with forks", "A man and woman sitting at a table in front of a cake.", "Man and woman posed in front of a ceremonial cake."]
["A person prepares to eat a large hamburger.", "A women who is picking up a large sandwich.", "A man that is sitting down holding a sandwich.", "a woman holding onto a big hamburger by a table ", "A man getting ready to eat a large sandwich."]
["A man eating food out of a wrapper.", "A man is bent over eating a sandwich.", "a man in a room eating his lunch", "The hungry diner is eating his big sandwich,", "A man is taking a bite out of a sandwich"]
["A person holding a sandwich in their hands.", "A person sitting down with a sandwich in their hands.", "A person holding a partially eaten half sandwich", "Wheat bread is always the healthy choice for lunchtime", "A person in shorts and sandles eating a sandwich"]
["A blue surfboard sticking out of the green grass covered ground.", "A surfboard is leaning against a wheelbarrow in a backyard.", "Pale blue surfboard resting against a wheelbarrow on a lawn.", "A surfboard standing straight up on the grass, propped up by a wheel barrow.", "A blue surfboard in front of a wheelbarrow and clothesline"]
["A man cutting a slice of birthday cake.", "A member of the American military cutting a large cake.", "A man in a military uniform is cutting a cake with a knife.", "A soldier cutting a cake celebrating 238 years of the Army's Corps of Engineers. ", "A man in military uniform who is cutting a cake."]
["A group of men cutting a white sheet cake with a sword.", "A group of guys standing in front of a celebratory cake", "Three people, one in uniform wearing a hat, are holding a sword above a birthday cake.", "three men holding onto a sword in front of a cake", "three people standing in front of a cake with a sword"]
["The bed has a brown and white blanket at the end of the bed", "A bedroom that has a bed with only a sheet on it.", "A bed in a corner, stripped of most sheets. ", "This bedroom has nothing but a mattress with a single white sheet and two blankets folded at the bottom", "A plain room containing only a bed with a couple blankets."]
["Man holding up a yellow cake with candles on the top of it. ", "A young couple holding a small cake smiling most happily. ", "A man and a woman in a bar holding drinks and smiling.", "A man and woman posing for a photo with a cake.", "A man and a woman stopped to smile and pose for a photo.  "]
["The young children are on the water learning to surf. ", "A group of 5 people surfing on a cloudy day.", "Several kids riding surfboards in the waves of an ocean.", "A group of people on surfboards in water with buildings in distance.", "Beginning surfers take a class together; one stands on his board while the others are lying or kneeling on theirs. "]
["There are people in wet suits who are surfing in the ocean.", "Four surfers are in the ocean with two surfboards.", "Surfers in blue wetsuits walking in a medium surf.", "Many people wait out in the ocean to surf.", "some people with blue shirts water and a blue board"]
["A young girl on a bed with many stuffed animals.", "A little girl arranges stuffed animals on her headboard.", "She's placing all her stuffed animals on a shelf behind her bed.", "a girl in a pink top on a bed and some stuffed animals", "Girl kneeling on bed cluttered with stuffed animals."]
["A man and woman that is standing near a cake.", "a man and woman cut into a wedding cake ", "A bride and groom are getting help to cut the cake.", "A couple who is cutting their wedding cake together.", "A bride and groom cutting a wedding cake while the photographer gives directions."]
["A young boy eating breakfast in bed. ", "A little boy sitting on a bed with stuffed animals and a food tray.", "A boy is sitting in bed eating some food", "A little boy eating off a tray in bed.", "A boy is sitting in bed and eating breakfast from a tray. "]
["A man is standing on a beach and holding a surfboard.", "Man looking on a the ocean from the beach with surf board in hand and swimmers in the water.", "A man standing on the sea shore with surf board in his hand.", "a man standing looking out a the ocean with his surf board in his hand,", "A surfer looks out over the water while holding his board."]
["A person in wetsuit on white surfboards in water.", "A young man is surfing on a wave in the ocean.", "a person riding a surf board on a wave", "A man on a surfboard riding up a wave horizontal to the ocean.", "A man surfing on a body of water."]
["a woman, a man and some children swimming and surfing in the water", "Parents are playing with their small child in the surf.", "Father, mother, and young son playing in the water. ", "A group of adults and children playing in waves of ocean.", "Several different people in the water swimming together."]
["A group of people riding waves in the ocean.", "A family at the beach in the water trying to surf.", "Several adults are in the surf as a small boy stands up to his shoulders in the water.", "Five people swimming in a body of water.", "A man is helping a young boy learn to surf as others swim around watching."]
["A living room with a blue and white wall paper surround a purple and white couch.", "A couch with various colorful pillows, a blue curtain, artwork, a lamp and a mirror. ", "The blue and purple room looks very comfortable.", "a colorful couch resting on the floor next to the wall", "A picture hangs over a large couch covered with pillows. "]
["A bed with clothes on it, a fan and large decorative cloth hanging over it.", "A bed near an open window with a small fan in the windowsill.", "A living area with bed, desk and lampshade.", "A bed and desk in a small room.", "A room with a bed and a very large window."]
["Military personal serving themselves food at an event.", "Soldiers getting food at a patriotic banquet table.", "Military personnel holding plates looking for food on tables.", "Service men and women attending a buffet for america.", "A buffet table filled with desserts being served to military personnel."]
["A small kid sleeping in a bed with a clock on the drawer", "A baby sleeping calmly on a bed with a blanket.", "A child sleeping on a bed during the day.", "a small child resting in a bed during the daylight hours", "A child laying in bed under a blanket."]
["a woman wearing a white shirt and shorts playing soccer", "The young soccer player is kicking the ball.", "Girl in black and white kicking a colorful soccer ball.", "A young lady playing soccer alone on a soccer field.", "Female soccer player maneuvering ball on grassy field. "]
["a couple of kids play a game of soccer ", "Two young kids play soccer against each other.", "Two boys running towards a soccer ball during a game. ", "Two young boys on opposite teams play a soccer game.", "there are two boys playing soccer on the field"]
["A group of three children sitting at a table in front of a birthday cake. ", "A young boy sitting in front of a large chocolate sheets cake.", "Kids sitting around a table playing with a toy set.", "Boy and girl at a table with model toys.", "Three children sitting at a table with a birthday cake. "]
["Two men in wet suits carry wake boards across a sandy beach.", "Two surfers are walking down the beach with their surf boards. ", "These men are walking on the beach with their surfboards", "A couple of people with surfboards on a beach.", "A woman is carrying surfboards on a beach."]
["A lady laying on a bed reading a book.", "a girl with glasses laying on a bed reading a book", "A woman is laying on her bed reading a book.", "A young woman laying on her stomach on top of a bed.", "Retro picture of a girl on a bed reading. "]
["A whimsical child's bedroom with a purple spinner hanging over the bed.", "Girl's bedroom with purple walls and pink bedspread.", "A purple painted bedroom with bed and side table.", "Children's room with a small bed with pink covers and purple wall paint. ", "a bed room purple walls and a small bed "]
["A couple of women soccer players are on the field.", "There are two women that is playing on the soccer field a game", "Two women on a soccer field with the ball between one of the girls legs.", "Two women play soccer, with one on the ground, and the other standing over her.", "The two women are going after the soccer ball."]
["A girl in a soccer uniform playing a soccer game.", "Woman in red jersey kicking a ball in front of a woman with yellow jersey. ", "a girl that is kicking a soccer ball around", "two people in a field playing soccer ", "A woman catches a soccer ball during a game. "]
["Black and white photograph of a person holding a surfboard by water.", "A person with a surfboard standing next to the water.", "A surfer stands on the rocks watching a wave crash.", "A man standing on a beach holding a surfboard.", "a person looking at the waves ready to surf"]
["An injured man lying in a hospital bed wrapped in bandages.", "A man is badly hurt all bandaged up with tubes.", "A severely injured man hooked up to machines  in the hospital", "Woman with bandages and tubing laying on a bed.", "An injured man bandaged and being treated in a hospital."]
["A man laying in a hospital bed badly injured.", "Injured man lying in bed with medical apparatus attached.", "A man that is laying down on a hospital bed with tubes.", "A man laying in a bed with tubes attached to his check and mouth. ", "The man with bruises on his face is in a hospital bed attached to wires."]
["Medical professionals gather around and tend to a patient on a hospital bed.", "A person is undergoing a checkup in the emergency room.", "A group of medical staff standing around a person in a hospital.", "Multiple doctors with a patient on a gurney.", "A hospital room with staff helping a patient"]
["A bloody arm with iv's inserted into an injury victim's arm are depicted in this graphic shot.", "A person has various wounds on his arm and body.", "A person has blood splatters due to an injury", "An image of someone's bloodied and injured arm.", "A person with a wounded arm covered in blood"]
["A bloody unconscious man being looked after in a hospital. ", "A man lies on the ground after being injured. ", "Injured man receiving attention from an emergency medical technician", "An injured man in bad condition lays on a medical table", "A picture is taken of a man injured in the hospital."]
["A large pizza sitting on top of a pizza pan.", "A burnt pizza sitting on the stove top", "The homemade pizza is a little well done. ", "A slightly overcooked cheese pizza on a stove.", "A large pizza sits on top of a stove. "]
["A couple of young people standing on a beach next to the water.", "A couple of people at the beach during a sunny day.", "The view down Waikiki beach towards the Royal Hawaiian", "A group of people mill about on a beach with palm trees.", "some people on a beach stare out into the ocean"]
["A man advises us to hush, about to scare his brother", "While one man is sleeping another is preparing to play cymbals.", "A man ready to bang pot covers to scare a sleeping man.", "The young man is preparing to scare his sleeping friend.", "a man kneeling next to a sleeping man"]
["A large wooden bed covered in white blankets under a painting.", "A bed with a large painting hanging on the wall.", "A master bedroom with a cactus painting above it", "A bedroom with a bed underneath a large mural of cactus on the wall, in different colors.", "A made up bed in a well decorated room with art pieces on the wall."]
["A woman sits on a bed with pillows.", "A woman sitting on bed in a bedroom.", "A person in a room sitting on a bed.", "An older woman sitting on a big queen sizes bed.", "A woman is sitting on the edge of a white bed."]
["A baby sleeping on its stomach on a bed.", "A baby sleeping on top of a bed with a blanket.", "A small baby is sleeping on assorted blankets.", "a small baby sleeping on the bed with pillows", "A small baby sleeping on a few blankets,"]
["a big bed with a lamp and bedside table and sliding glass leading to a balcony ", "A bed that has a blanket on it.", "a bedroom with a bed and a patio door", "A bed with pillows with windows that have curtains", "A room with a tile floor and a made bed. "]
["a woman in a gray top is playing tennis", "A woman on a court swinging a racket at a ball.", "a woman prepares to hit a tennis ball with a racket", "Female tennis player reaches back to swing at the ball", "The woman is playing tennis on the court. "]
["A man standing on top of a sandy beach holding a paddle.", "a boy is holding a racket on the beach", "A boy holding a paddle in his hand while standing on the sand. ", "The beach with a young boy standing on the sand and holding a paddle, and people in the distance at the water area.", "A boy holding a racquet in his hands at the beach."]
["A man standing on a tennis court holding a tennis racquet.", "A man stands in a tennis court holding a tennis racket.", "A man is waiting to return a serve in tennis. ", "A man stands on a tennis court holding a tennis racket.", "A man is holding his tennis racquet on a course."]
["A man standing on top of a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A tennis player is waiting to compete on a tennis court.", "A person that is wearing a visor and hold a tennis racket. ", "A man stands on a tennis court, ready to play.", "A man in shorts and a white visor in a tennis stance."]
["a person eating with chopsticks and reading books in their living room", "Two orange books sit on a persons lap.", "A living room scene with a laptop and a television.", "A few graphic novels and a laptop on a couch in front of a tv", "Books are sitting in a room with a laptop, windows, and television."]
["a lady preparing pizza on a wooden table", "A woman is putting cheese on a pizza.", "a lady that  is by a table with a lot of food", "Woman preparing a pizza to be placed in the oven.", "A woman standing at a wooden table and making a pizza."]
["A living room filled with furniture and a window.", "A living room with white couches and a stylish white ottoman turned into a table.", "The living room is clean and ready to use. ", "A living room with a couch, table and TV.", "Well lit living room with white couch, coffee table, and TV."]
["A beautiful woman sitting in front of a laptop computer.", "A girl is sitting in a dim area using a laptop.", "A girl working on a laptop in dim light.\n", "A young woman playing a piano in a dark room.", "A woman, mostly in shadow, sitting by a laptop"]
["A man holding a pizza pie with a section missing. ", "A man serves a pizza that is partially gone. ", "A man presenting a pizza pie on a tray.", "a man holding a pizza pan with part of a cheese pizza on it", "A man holding a pizza with two slices missing from it."]
["A desk topped with a laptop computer and speakers.", "A black and white desk with a laptop and two speakers.", "A chair is near a desk with a laptop.", "A desk with a chair in front of it and a laptop on top.", "A work area is equipped with a sleek desk and chair."]
["a tennis player swings his racket at a tennis ball on a tennis court ", "a man holding a tennis racket with a onlooking female", "A person on a court with a tennis racket.", "A man swinging a tennis racquet at a tennis ball.", "a man with a tennis racket swings at a tennis ball "]
["The man playing tennis makes a backhanded move.", "A male tennis player holding a racket in a stadium. ", "A male tennis player hitting a tennis ball. ", "A male tennis player swinging a tennis racket at a ball.", "A man in grey shirt and black shorts playing tennis."]
["There is a male tennis player that has swung for the ball", "A tennis player is preparing to hit a tennis ball that's heading for him", "A man with a tennis racket and a tennis ball", "A man preparing to hit a tennis ball.", "A man tennis player holding a tennis racket in the middle of a swing."]
["A large sliced pizza on a plate on a table.", "a partially eaten pizza sitting on a serving dish.", "A specialty pizza which appears to be  peach and basil.", "A partially eaten white pizza on a serving platter. ", "A homemade pizza with spinach and pears with a slice missing"]
["A man sitting at a table in front of a giant pizza.", "a picture of a person taking a picture of a large pizza", "There is a person sitting on a cell phone near a pizza.", "A person holding up a cell phone in front of a pizza.", "A person at a restaurant taking a picture of a pizza. "]
["A man holding a racquet on a tennis court.", "A male tennis player with his racket raised to strike the tennis ball.", "A man playing tennis on the tennis court while his coaches watch. ", "A man taking a swing at a tennis ball", "a man reaching out to try and hit a tennis ball "]
["a person stretching to hit a ball with the racket", "A person on a court with a tennis racket.", "The lady in blue watches as the tennis player reaches for the hit.", "a male tennis player wearing white is playing tennis", "A man holding a tennis racquet in his left hand."]
["tree is a female tennis player that is playing on the court ", "A woman holding her tennis racket in her hands", "A woman hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.", "a lady that is playing tennis with a racket", "A woman looks carefully as she smacks the tennis ball."]
["a pizza with some pepperoni and mushrooms ", "A pan of pizza with mushrooms and pepperoni", "A large cooked pizza on a metal pan.", "a close up of a pizza in a baking tray ", "A close up of a very tasty looking pizza."]
["A person playing tennis on a tennis court.", "A person on a tennis court hitting a ball with a racket.", "A man with a tennis racket is on a tennis court.", "A woman hitting a tennis ball with her tennis racket on a cloudy day", "A person with a racket jumps to hit a ball."]
["a lady in a blue dress on tennis court bouncing ball.", "A GIRL IS ON THE COURT PLAYING TENNIS", "A female tennis player holding a racquet in one hand and throwing a ball with the other", "A woman with a tennis racket tosses a tennis ball.", "A woman holding a tennis racquet in her right hand."]
["A woman in a very short white skirt holding a tennis racquet.", "a girl in purple and white playing tennis", "A woman in a purple shirt and white tennis skirt is playing tennis.", "A woman swinging a tennis racquet at a ball.", "A woman swinging a racket at s tennis ball. "]
["Strength in a tennis match can prove successful.", "A female tennis player begins to hit the ball with her racket", "A female tennis player sets up to strike a ball.", "A woman on a tennis court in mid-stride with her racquet back.", "A woman taking a swing at a  tennis ball"]
["A woman standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "A tennis player tenses arms as she prepares a hit.", "The woman wearing pink is playing outdoor tennis ", "A woman in pink dress playing a game of tennis.", "A woman swinging a tennis racket at a ball."]
["A woman brushes her teeth over the sink while sitting in her bed.", "A woman sitting on a bed and leaning over a sink to brush her teeth.", "a woman kneeling next to a bathroom sink ", "A woman on edge of bed meaning overseeing while brushing teeth", "A woman has a sink right at the edge of her bed."]
["a close up of a disassembled remote control  ", "Four pieces of a television remote disassembled or taken apart.", "a Sony silver and white controller and its opened up into four separate pieces", "A remote control that has been taken apart.", "A remote control is taken apart on a white table."]
["Looking down into a living room where a dog is sleeping on the floor", "A dog that is laying down on the carpet.", "Living room view with dog sleeping on the rug", "A sunlit room with a big window and a rug with a large dog laying on it.", "A view from above shows a dog resting comfortably in a living room."]
["A living area with a rocking chair, dog in bed and fireplace.", "Dog sleeping in his bed next to rocking chair", "A living room with a large window filled with furniture.", "A rocking chair sitting near a fire place.", "A dog sleeps on a round bed in front of a fire place of a living area."]
["An adorable husky dog sleeping in a dog bed next to a fan.", "A dark room with a dog sleeping on a dog bed.", "A dog is sleeping in a dark room.", "a large dog laying in a dog bed in a living room", "A dog sleeping on a dog bed in a room. "]
["The walls of a room painted blue with white clouds", "A doorway is in the wall beside a mirror.", "A blue sky and clouds are painted on the wall of this room.", "The doorway and antique mirror is in the room with blue sky and cloud painted walls.", "Walls are painted blue and white while an open doorway reveals another room painted yellow."]
["A man is holding a pillow and watching television.", "A person laying on a bed with some remotes.", "The kid is on the bed watching the television.", "a guy laying with his chin on a pillow watching tv", "A young man laying down and looking at a television"]
["A young boy holding up an electric tooth  brush.", "A little boy holding up a packaged electric toothbrush and smiling.", "The young child with the missing tooth is holding up a new tooth brush. ", "A boy is smiling and holding up a product.", "Happy boy showing off a packaged electric toothbrush."]
["Two toothbrushes in  packages with a mans face on them", "Two toothbrushes handing from a store display shelf.", "Two toothbrushes packaged and on sale in a store.", "A tooth brush has a man's face on the package", "TWO TOOTHBRUSHES BELONGING TO THE SAME BRAND KEPT SIDE BY SIDE."]
["Two kids brushing teeth in the bathroom with man taking a picture.", "Man taking photos of young children while brushing their teeth.", "Two children brush their teeth while a man takes their picture.", "Two young children are brushing their teeth in the bathroom while their father is taking their picture. ", "Two young children are brushing their teeth in the bathroom mirror."]
["A baby holding a toothbrush in a living room.", "A baby is using a toothbrush to brush his teeth", "A young kid with a toothbrush in its mouth. ", "A baby puts a tooth brush in its mouth", "A young child brushing his teeth by himself"]
["A beautiful young lady brushing her teeth in front of a mirror.", "A girl brushing her teeth in the bathroom and looking at herself in the mirror.", "A young woman is brushing her teeth at the sink.", "A woman at the bathroom sink brushing her teeth", "a girl is brushing her teeth a mirror and some bottles"]
["The living room is clean and empty of people/ ", "A couple of couches sitting inside of a living room.", "A couch and table in a small room.", "Spacious living room combined with dining area and office space. ", "A living room and dining area that is clean and well lit"]
["A group of people sitting in a room on top of a rug.", "a group of people playing games in a room", "A group of boys play video games as another plays guitar. ", "A group of people playing video games together.", "Several boys sitting in a room playing a video game."]
["A living room with a person sitting in a chair next to a sliding glass door.", "One person sits in a chair looking at her phone while another rests on the couch. ", "One person is asleep on a couch while another sits on a chair using his phone.", "A lady sitting in a chair in a hotel room.", "A very neat and organized room with an open sliding door. "]
["A woman holding up a cup of coffee in an office.", "A woman working on something hanging from the ceiling in a computer room.", "A woman holds a Wii remote over her head. ", "A woman standing near some monitors holding a microphone.", "A woman standing next to a computer monitor."]
["A living room furnished with light-colored furnishings is pictured.", "A family tidy family room with a fire in the fire place. ", "A clean room is shown with a fire going.", "A fire place sitting in a living room under a mirror.", "A fire burns in the living room, with a rug nearby."]
["An India-design living room features warm reds and oranges and an ornate cabinet. ", "A young girl who is sitting on a couch.", "A living room with a little girl on a couch ", "an orange coach on front of a living room", "A young girl in a living room with an orange couch and a red chandelier. "]
["This very long room holds many interesting things.", "A computer desk is against the wall of small living room.", "\nView of a home, living room, and dining room with cabinets, books, and assorted furniture.", "There is a big room with furniture and items inside. \n", "A room filled with furniture and a computer on a desk."]
["A chair is sitting beside a fireplace in someones home. ", "This is a picture of a newly remodeled fireplace .", "A single chair sits beside the fire place in this living room.", "A room with wooden flooring and a brick fireplace.  ", "Plain chair near window with fireplace and fan."]
["A picture of a combination of a living room dining room area. ", "Loft style living room with modern, Scandinavian furniture.", "A room with a couch, chairs, television and a table. ", "Black couches surround a TV in an open room. ", "A room with furniture and a a television in use."]
["An advanced home office with three different computers", "An corner office has computers and a laptop set up.", "An office filled with multiple computers and a laptop.", "An office desk with 2 monitors and a laptop", "A computer desk with CRT monitors and an Apple laptop."]
["a guitar an amp a desk a keyboard and a monitor", "An empty room containing a table with a computer on it.", "Black guitar, amp and foot pedals next to a desk and computer.", "A work station with a computer on it and a guitar on the wall.", "A desktop computer sitting on a desk with speakers."]
["Pedestrians pass in front of a fence, with benches, trees, and buildings on the other side.", "A large group of people on a sidewalk.", "People walking down a sidewalk along side a wrought-iron fence next to a park", "People walking on a sidewalk next to a fence where others walk in a park.", "People walk a city sidewalk next to a park."]
["A woman preparing to hit a tennis ball while a man watches.", "A woman swinging a tennis racquet at a ball.", "a woman playing on a court with a tennis racket in her hand", "a woman is swinging a tennis racket on a court", "A female tennis player jumping and hitting a ball"]
["A woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "a woman is running on a court with a racket", "A woman that is on a tennis court with a racquet.", "a femlae tennis player in a blue shirt is playing tennis", "female tennis player in action shot while playing"]
["Tennis player and white outfit holding up a racket and a ball. ", "A man holding a tennis racket in one hand and a ball in the other.", "A young male in white preparing to play a game of tennis.", "The player had his tennis racket and a ball in his hands.", "A young man stands on a tennis court holding a racquet and ball."]
["Female tennis player getting ready to serve the ball", "A woman in purple shirt and black skirt playing a game of tennis.", "A woman on a tennis racket swinging at a tennis ball", "A woman prepares to serve the tennis ball.", "A lady with a tennis racket and a tennis ball."]
["A living room with a long beige couch and a tan chair with a mop laying sideways on the chair. ", "A living room with furniture and peach walls ", "A living room that is filled with small furniture.", "Sitting area of home near stairs and kitchen area.", "a room with some furniture and tables inside of it "]
["A small brown bear resting on a bed with it's head on a pillow.", "A mouse figurine laying down on a miniature bed.", "A teddy bear resting on a pillow in a child's bedroom.", "There is a toy bear leaning on a pillow", "A toy sits on a toy bed in a toy house."]
["A man kiteboarding over the top of the ocean.", "Jet skiing man attempts a trick in the ocean", "A person in a wetsuit jumps a wave on a board.", "A para-surfer glides above the waves as he holds on tight.", "A person is kite surfing and he has gotten some air."]
["A young woman is attempting  to fly a kite ", "Woman flying a red, purple and yellow kite.", "A person holds onto a kite close to them.", "A young woman is flying a kite in the park.", "A woman standing in the grass flying a kite."]
["A man folding a giant paper airplane on the floor.", "A man putting together a kite on the floor of a room.", "Man working with paper item on floor in tiled room.", "A man inside a room putting together a white kite.", "Man folding banner while holding stick in unfinished carpet"]
["A family watching a girl run with a pink kite.", "A little girl is running with a pink kite as others watch her.", "there are people standing on a hill flying kites", "a family watching a little girl playing with a kite ", "A group of people standing on a hill with one flying a kite."]
["A collaboration  of people in different pictures doing things", "A series of images of young men painting and holding kites.", "Various children and adults are making their own kites.", "A variety of colorful pictures with people doing various activities.", "A few people working with colored fabrics in different ways."]
["A person walks on a bridge with a kite.", "A woman walks along a bridge holding a blue and white kite.", "someone is walking down the dock holding a kite", "A WOMAN WALKING ACROSS A DOCK OVER A RIVER.", "A lady with a kite walking on a long wooden bridge."]
["A baseball player waiting to hit the ball.", "A batter, catcher and umpire in a  baseball game.", "a baseball player with bat and hat stands at home plate", "A batter, catcher, and umpire at a baseball game.", "A baseball player getting ready to hit the ball."]
["A refrigerator with different items of food and drink. ", "The inside of a refrigerator with several different types of foods ", "A refrigerator is sparsely stocked with simple food.", "The interior of a white refrigerator filled with food. ", "It is the inside of a refrigerator with food displayed."]
["a man setting up his kite to fly ", "A man about to fly a kite at sunset", "a person flying a kite with a sky background", "A silhouette of a man holding up a kite. ", "A man holding a kite in his hand while standing in a field."]
["A clock in wooden frame covered by a wreath.", "A clock decorated on both sides with evergreen branches, lights and bows.", "A large wooden clock with bows on top.", "A decorative clock with holiday bows around it.", "This clock has Christmas decorations hanging on the side."]
["A group of people flying kites over the top of a beach.", "Many colorful kites being flown on a large beach", "a beach scene with people flying kites in the air", "The sky is full of colorful kites in varying sizes.", "A group of kited flying over a beach."]
["a street sign on a pole on a street ", "A large tree situated next to a large body of water.", "A car driving down a street next to a naked tree.", "An interesting fruit tree bare of leaves stands in front of a lake near an apartment building. ", "The view of a shoreline with a long grass park."]
["people standing on a beach with a kite flying in the air", "A gropu of people stand on the beach and fly a kite.", "A group of people on a beach flying a kite.", "A man flying a kite at the beach while several people walk by.", "A man and his daughter at the beach flying a kite."]
["A clock sitting in the middle of a walkway.", "A clock that is on the side of a tower.", "Black and white photo of a large clock located outside.", "a clock tower stands on a cobbled sidewalk", "a black and white clock on a black clock post and some lights"]
["A clock sitting on top of a sidewalk.", "A post clock is positioned on the sidewalk with flags in the background.", "This big clock definitely can be seen to tell the correct time.", "A clock tower gives the time on a pedestrian sidewalk.", "A clock structure and flags are standing in the concrete. "]
["a baseball player holding a bat in a field", "A baseball player holding a bat next to home plate.", "There is a baseball game with a large crowd", "A baseball player is standing on the field holding a bat.", "A baseball player at bat with the catcher and umpire behind him."]
["A baseball player holding a baseball bat during a baseball game.", "A baseball player swinging a bat in a baseball game", "A baseball player taking a swing at a ball", "A baseball player and a pitcher preparing for the pitch.", "A baseball player is running through a base"]
["A young boy holding a baseball bat on a field.", "Little League baseball players, including a pitcher, a hitter, and two umpires.", "A little leaguer baseball player squaring away to bunt a pitched ball.", "Four men whose ages vary playing baseball. ", "a young kid is getting ready to throw a baseball "]
["A young boy swings a baseball bat in the backyard.", "The young batter wearing a helmet prepares to swing.", "A young boy wearing a batting helmet in a hitting stance.", "A young boy wearing a helmet holding a baseball bat.", "A young boy poses with a bat and helmet "]
["A street traveling past red brick homes with trees.", "A clock tower stands on a sidewalk near parked cars and barren trees. ", "Several houses are being viewed from the street.", "A long street full of brown brick buildings", "Cars are parked on the side of a street lined with brick buildings."]
["A boy swinging a bat at a ball. ", "A young boy swings a wooden rod at a ball.", "The young boy is trying to hit the ball with the bat.", "Young boy taking swing with bat outdoors in play field.", "A boy hitting a baseball with a bat"]
["a number of baseball players in a field ", "a man is holding a baseball bat in an open field", "A few people playing baseball at a small park as people in lawn chairs watch.", "A batter, catcher and umpire in a baseball game.", "A baseball team playing baseball on the field."]
["A woman wearing a seat belt across her chest.", "A woman wearing a seat belt with her hair up in the air.", "A lady with a chain on her neck smiles with a seat belt on", "A woman in seat with hair blowing in wind.", "A woman's hair being blown while riding in a car. "]
["Three youth sit in the doorway of a house while one smokes. ", "Three young men at the entrance of a house, one holding a baseball bat", "A picture of the same person doing many postures. ", "three males on has a baseball bat and one is smoking", "Three people sit outside a door to a house. "]
["The boy takes his baseball games very seriously.", "Young boy playing baseball in the middle of a swing at the plate", "A kid at first base out on the baseball field. ", "Young man about to swing a baseball bat in front of a crowd.", "Young boy preparing to swing at pitch during baseball game."]
["A player is standing gay the diamond to lay baseball St the fame", "Man holding baseball bat out while waiting for pitch to be thrown", "A baseball player getting ready to swing the bat at a baseball game.", "A crowd watches a baseball player with a bat in his hands. ", "A batter in the batters box waits for the pitch"]
["A batter holds the bat behind his head for a powerful swing.", "A man holding a bat at a professional baseball game.", "a baseball player in the batters box at a game", "A man is at bat during a professional baseball game.", "There are spectators watching a baseball game going on."]
["A man walks across a base ball field. ", "The crowd came to watch a baseball game outside.", "A baseball player holding a bat near home plate.", "The next hitter in the baseball game saunters to the plate.", "A Giant's baseball player walks towards the batter's box. "]
["A woman holding a tennis racquet next to a tree.", "an old photo of a person swigning something with trees in the background", "A woman is swinging a bat through the air.", "A person watching after hitting a ball with a bat. ", "A women who looks as though she has swung at something."]
["A woman in a pink shirt sitting on top of a beach.", "A girl uses her laptop computer at the beach.", "Woman sits on beach with laptop pondering what to write.", "I suppose it is alright to sit on the beach sand while using a lap top.", "A young girl using a laptop at the beach. "]
["A young man holding a baseball bat next to an older man.", "Old man in shades and a hat teaches a young boy how to hold the baseball bat", "An old man and a boy both holding bats ", "A senior adult male teaching a male child to swing a bat at a boys baseball practice.", "a old man gives a young kid some baseball pointers "]
["The Big Ben clock tower towering over the city of London.", "A dark city has a clock tower by the water.", "a large clock tower is on top of a building", "a big building with a clock inside of it sitting in front of a water way ", "Historic Big Ben in England, lit up for the evening."]
["A baseball player holding a baseball bat during a baseball game.", "Baseball batter watching pitch go by him at plate.", "A baseball player taking a swing at a ball", "A person in a baseball uniform about to bat while his team watches.", "a baseball player standing at a baseball base with a bat"]
["A group of kids playing team baseball, the catcher and umpire are behind the kid that is at bat.", "A baseball batter at the end of his swing.", "A baseball player swinging a bat over home plate.", "A baseball player batting while a catcher and umpire sit behind him and a row of baseball players watch.", "A man swinging his bat as another man holds his glove."]
["A baseball player swinging his bat while his team watches,", "The whole dugout is watching a batter as he swings at a pitch.", "batter swing at a pitch while team looks on", "a baseball game with the batter swinging at at the ball", "A baseball team watching a fellow player hit the ball."]
["some kids standing around during a little league game ", "Three baseball players on a field waiting for a hit.", "a batter waits for the pitch to be thrown", "A batter waits at home plate while the person on first base is inching towards second.", "Three males are in a field playing baseball."]
["A man playign sports in the middle of a stadium", "A batter waits for the pitch at a baseball game.", "A baseball player at bat waiting for a pitch.", "A baseball player prepares to swing at a baseball", "A man standing at home plate at a baseball field getting ready to bat,"]
["A man holding a baseball bat as another gives signs.", "Several baseball players playing a game of baseball in a big league arena.", "A baseball game with a baseball player at bat and a catcher and umpire behind home plate.", "A baseball players playing baseball in front of a crowd. ", "A batter, catcher and umpire in a baseball game."]
["A woman in yellow shirt and white shorts holding a pole.", "A man in white top and shorts playing stick ball.", "A man hunched over in laughter while holding a baseball bat", "A person laughing and playing near a stone wall.", "A woman is crouching down ready to hit something"]
["A young boy with a bat is attempting to hit a baseball.", "A young boy holding a baseball bat during a game.", "A baseball player is getting ready to hit a ball.", "A boy swinging his baseball bat at a baseball.", "A boy on a little league team swings a bat at a baseball."]
["The small boy is ready at bat in the indoor batting cage.", "A young man standing next to a base on top of a small baseball field.", "A boy indoors with a bat in his hand. ", "A young baseball is holding the bat. ", "A boy getting ready to hit a ball with a bat"]
["A man standing near a baseball base while holding a baseball bat.", "A baseball player getting ready to be up at bat", "Man in a white baseball uniform standing on the plate with a catcher. ", "A baseball player pauses to adjust his gloves before stepping up to the plate.", "A baseball player tightens his gloves before the next pitch."]
["A baseball player holding a bat over a base.", "A man up to bat in a baseball game.", "A batter up to the plate in a baseball game ", "a baseball player holding a bat on the field", "people playing Frisbee and a man in white holding a bat"]
["A baseball player holding a bat on a field.", "a baseball player swings his bat at a pitch", "A batter is at the plate getting ready to swing at the pitch.", "a player is swinging a baseball bat during a game", "A baseball player gets ready to hit a ball"]
["A women who is bouncing a tennis ball.", "A woman on a tennis court about to serve", "A woman tennis player is bouncing a ball as she readies her serve. ", "A female tennis player holding a racket and serving the ball", "A woman with a racquet that is on a tennis court."]
["A woman standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.", " A female Tennis player is holding her racket while the crowd and man look on. ", "A person with a racket stands on a court.", "A woman is preparing to serve a tennis ball.", "A woman preparing to play tennis at a tennis match."]
["A female tennis player smiles as she hits the ball.", "A tennis player lunges quickly into her shot.", "A woman in tennis apparel playing tennis on a blue court.", "A woman playing tennis on a blue tennis court.", "A Woman on a tennis court prepares to return a ball. \n"]
["A young woman hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racquet.", "a woman in an orange dress is playing tennis", "A tennis player wearing an orange skirt and white shirt holds a racket and looks toward a tennis ball that is in the air on a tennis court.", "Professional women's tennis player during the U.S. Open", "a woman hits a ball as people look on "]
["A tennis player in an orange skirt walks off the court.", "Woman tennis player with blonde hair wearing white hat and a orange and white outfit.", "a tennis player on a court with a racket ", "A woman walking on a tennis court holding a racquet.", "a woman in a orange and white tennis outfit on a tennis court "]
["A blurred tennis player behind the close up of a net.", "A man with a tennis racket behind a net.", "View of a tennis net in front of a player holding a tennis racquet.", "A closeup of a tennis net shows the player all blurry.", "A tennis player's image is blurry through the tennis net."]
["A thick piece of pizza with two mugs of beer.", "A WHITE PLATE WITH A DEEP DISH PIZZA ON TOP OF IT ", "A slice of deep dish pizza served with a mug of beer", "a mug of beef sitting next to a plate with a slice of deep dish pizza on it ", "a deep dish pizza with cheese and vegetables under cheese and marinara sauce"]
["A group of people are eating a pizza.", "A group of people gathered around a wooden table eating pizza.", "some family and friends having a pizza party", "A group of people standing around a table full of food.", "A group of people are eating pizza around a table."]
["A woman swinging a tennis racket during a match.", "A tennis player swinging at the tennis ball in the middle of a match", "Female tennis player playing on a tennis court", "A woman tennis player playing tennis in the stadium.", "A girl playing tennis on a blue tennis court."]
["A sexy young woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "The woman is playing tennis. She is getting ready to hit the ball.", "A female tennis player is following through with her serve.", "A women who is diving forward with a tennis racket.", "A girl in an orange skirt returns the ball."]
["Two people playing tennis on a blue court.", "Two guys work together to play a game of tennis. ", "Two women in tennis outfits are on a tennis court while one of the women holds out a racket as a ball is in the air.", "Two people that are playing in a tennis game.", "This appears to be a mixed doubles team during practice on the court."]
["A woman playing tennis and leaning back with her racket to hit a ball.", "Someone swinging their tennis racket on the tennis court. ", "A woman in a red tennis skirt and a white tank top holding a tennis racket behind her. ", "a person getting ready to reach up and hit a soccer ball ", "a female reaching in the air with a tennis racket\n"]
["a person getting ready to hit a tennis serve", "A young man serves a tennis ball with his racket.", "A guy playing tennis during the day and wearing red shorts.", "A guy on a tennis court holding a racket and ball.", "A man with a tennis ball and racket in his hand."]
["Man waits for a serve on a tennis court.", "This is an image of a man playing tennis", "A man is preparing his swing for a game of tennis.", "A nerd holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.", "A guy playing tennis waiting for the serve."]
["A man getting ready to hit the ball while standing close to the net ", "A male tennis player on the court by the net.", "Men standing on a tennis court playing tennis.", "A man is holding a tennis racquet watiting his turn to swing.", "a man holds a tennis racket in front of a net "]
["a man is holding a racket looking up at the ball", "Two people on a tennis court with rackets", "A guy in the background serving a tennis ball and his partner waiting for a return at the net.", "A young man hunched over on a tennis court.", "Two men who are standing on a tennis court with racquets."]
["A woman on a tennis court playing tennis with a racket.", "A woman playing tennis standing in a ready stance", "A woman stands on a tennis court, holding a racquet.", "A woman holding a tennis racket on a tennis court.", "a woman is wearing a red shirt and shes playing tennis"]
["A group of people standing on top of a tennis court.", "many people stand around a tennis court with rackets", "Four men at the end of a tennis court on a sunny day", "a couple of people are holding tennis racket on a court", "Four men play tennis together on a sunny day. "]
["a man jumps up to swing at a tennis ball with his tennis racket", "The man is on the tennis court playing a game of tennis.", "A tennis player jumps into the air with his racquet.", "A person on a court with a tennis racket.", "A man is playing tennis on a tennis court."]
["A professional tennis player serving on a tennis court.", "A man on a tennis court about to swing a racket", "Man in blue shirt about to serve a tennis ball.", "The tennis player is preparing for his best possible serve.", "a male tennis player in a blue shirt is playing tennis"]
["The man in a blue shirt is serving a tennis ball.", "a man is swinging a tennis racket at a game", "A man with a tennis racket, playing tennis.", "a person that is on a court and has a racket", "A man is holding a tennis racquet and hitting the ball."]
["a man hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racket on a tennis court.", "A black man practices tennis on an outside court.", "A man on a tennis court swinging his racket.", "A man is playing tennis on a tennis court.", "A man dressed in everyday clothes swinging a racket at a tennis ball"]
["An man playing tennis about to hit a ball that is coming toward him.", "A male tennis player hits the ball to his opponent.", "A man swinging at a tennis ball outdoors.", "The man wearing a tennis cap is swinging at a ball.", "A tennis player prepares to swing at a tennis ball.  "]
["A woman playing with a tennis ball and racket.", "A female tennis player about to hit the ball", "A woman that is on a tennis court with a racquet.", "A women who is swinging a tennis racket at a ball.", "A female tennis player engaged in play on an asphalt court."]
["A man standing on a tennis court holding a tennis racquet.", "Male tennis play in backhand position, fixing to hit low ball which is not shown.", "A young man wearing glasses hitting a tennis ball", "A tennis ball is about to be hit back over the net.", "A person hitting a tennis ball with a racket."]
["Two tennis players being friendly on the court", "Tennis players hold hands on opposite sides of the net at a packed court.", "a crowd of people watching as two women shake hands during a tennis match", "People are watching a tennis game being played.", "Two tennis players shaking hands over the net at a tennis match."]
["people sitting at a table with plates of food", "A woman sitting at a long table with an unhappy look on her face.", "Group of people sitting at a long table eating and drinking. ", "People sitting at a table while a blond stares at camera.", "A long table in front of a white board with people eating."]
["A person holds glasses above a pizza with other people.", "A man holds a pair of glasses over a pizza.", "Someone holding a pair of glasses over a pizza while other people look at the pizza.", "A group of people humorously admiring a pizza.", "Guys looking at contents of a pizza with glasses."]
["The little boy is posing with tennis rackets. ", "A kid is smiling while holding two tennis rackets.", "A child holding two tennis rackets in hand.", "A beautiful girl holding two tennis racquets in her hand.", "a kid holding two tennis rackets smiling big"]
["A women holding a tennis racket in mid swing. ", "A woman returning a tennis volley on clay court.", "A tennis player swinging her racket over her head.", "An older woman on a tennis court hitting a ball with her racket ", "A tennis player is going up to hit a shot."]
["A lady looks out onto the city from behind a giant clock.", "Silhouette of a woman in front of a clock.", "A person that is looking out at the city.", "A woman standing inside of a clock tower with the clock in front of her.", "A woman standing behind a large clock facing a body of water."]
["A computer is gently arranged on a desk", "a small desk with a keyboard and mouse a monitor and a small laptop", "Small computer station holding a white computer. ", "A desk with a computer on in and a key board", "Small computer desk with electronic equipment in residential home."]
["a laptop on a pure black table with speakers", "A laptop computer is shown next to a wall.", "A laptop computer sitting on top of a black counter.", "A laptop open on a desk with speakers.", "A wall shelf with electronic equipment on it."]
["a woman is typing on a laptop on a desk", "A woman using her lap top computer on top of a stack of boxes on a desk. ", "A laptop computer sitting on top of a set of three boxes.", "a woman a laptop some boxes on a desk", "The laptop computer is on top of a stack of boxes."]
["The laptop is on the wooden desk near the man", "A woman looks at a computer and a man stares at the camera. ", "There are two people sitting down at a desk with a computer on it. ", "A man sitting in front of a laptop computer on a desk.", "A man and girl sitting at a computer desk with a white laptop."]
["A person is typing on their laptop computer.", "A person sitting on a bench using a laptop computer.", "A man sitting on a bench using a laptop.", "A person is typing on a laptop while sitting on a bench.", "A person sitting on a metal park bench working on their laptop."]
["Two calculators are next to a computer laptop.", "a loptop sits in front of other laptop and a calculator ", "A table with laptops and calculators sitting on it.", "Various electronic devices with keyboards on a table", "A couple of small laptops on a table."]
["a statue of a cat sits next to some scissors ", "A sculpture of a gray, yellow and white striped cat.", "A fake cat sitting on a table beside a pair of scissors. ", "A ceramic cat is on display in the window of this place.", "A cat statue on display in a store window near scissors."]
["A pile of stuffed animals sits on a bed.", "an image of stuffed animals stacked in a pile", "A pile of stuffed animals are on a bed.", "A pile of stuffed toys sit on a bed.", "A large pile of stuffed dogs on a bed"]
["a stuffed teddy bear scrunched up in a chair", "The stuffed animal is the focus of the picture. ", "A stuffed teddy bears rests near a paneled wall.", "A teddy bear is in front of a glowing light", "A teddy bear is scrunched down on the shelf"]
["A small child posed in a chair with a teddy bear.", "A small baby is in a wicker chair with a teddybear.", "A baby that is sitting in a chair.", "A baby sitting in a bamboo chair holding a teddy bear.", "Child on a pillow on a chair with a teddy bear."]
["A table at a function with a note saying \"Reserved for Adults\"", "The table is sit up with pink flowers in white vases", "there is a pink cloth with a vase and flowers on it", "The dining table is reserved for adults only.", "A couple of vases with flowers on a table"]
["Four differently colored teddy bears on a couch", "Four teddy bears sitting up on a couch.", "Four teddy bears ranging from gray, brown, and yellow in color.", "There are four teddy bears in the seat.", "Four different color teddy bears on a couch."]
["A white blanket with some stuffed bears on top.", "Stuffed grey teddy bears sitting side by side wearing knitted sweaters and hats.", "Three stuffed bears each wearing matching sweaters and hats in different colors. ", "three teddy bears all wearing knitted sweaters and hats", "A group of three gray stuffed teddy bears sitting next to each other."]
["A group of stuffed animals piled on top of each other.", "there are two stuffed animals in front of other stuffed animals", "Several different teddy bears sitting on display in front of a mirror.", "Many stuffed animals are placed together sitting. ", "Two grey teddy bears wearing bright knit hats and sweaters"]
["A multicolored stuffed teddy bear in a santa suit.", "A multi-hued teddy bear wearing a royal robe and blue ribbon.", "A adorable teddy bear sitting on a couch wearing an elaborate coat.", "a stuffed animal that is a stuffed bear", "A teddy bear is dressed extravagantly and sits in a chair."]
["A baby next to a stuffed bear of some sort.", "A baby sleeping with teddy bear as big as he is.", "A baby next to a fuzzy brown bear on couch.", "A baby is sitting next to a stuffed bear. ", "The baby is sitting with a teddy bear."]
["The young baby is sitting next to the large teddy bear. ", "A baby is laying next to a brown stuffed bear.", "A back laying on a brown teddy bear. ", "A baby next to a giant stuffed teddy bear", "Baby in blue snuggling with a black teddy bear"]
["An omelette, oranges, and tomatoes on a plate.", "Fried egg with oranges and peppers for taste.", "A plate of food is garnished with oranges", "A plate with orange slices, tomatoes, and crepe.", "A dinner plate consisting of crepes, tomatoes and orange slices"]
["A cell phone with a smiley face against a plastic figurine", "Two cellphones that are sitting on a desk.", "An iPhone with muscular arms smiles at a flip phone.", "a couple of pones that are next to each other", " a little figure holding onto two cell phones "]
["a male in a black shirt is typing on a green and white notebook computer", "A man bending over to use a child's laptop computer.", "A man using a small green computer at a desk.", "A slouching man typing on a green notebook.", "A man working on a small tablet that is sitting on a folding table."]
["A table topped with a pile of flowers.", "Picture of a vase of flowers surrounded by water pictchers", "A vase that has flowers in it sitting on a table.", "a small vase with orange flowers and blue stems", "a vase filled with bright blue and orange flowers "]
["Group of people sitting in auditorium with a screen.", "People are sitting in theatre seats in a dark setting.", "Large projection screen in use while audience watches from their seats.", "A blurry image of a lecture hall with a big screen.", "People in a meeting getting ready to view images on a screen."]
["A man is talking to a woman behind a podium.", "A man and woman standing at a podium.", "A man and a woman are speaking in a darkened room, in front of a computer on a tall desk.", "a man that is standing around next to a compouter", "Two people standing in the corner of a room near a computer monitor."]
["Two refrigerators sitting next to each other in a kitchen with items stored on top of them.", "Two refrigerators side by side in a kitchen.", "two refrigerators next to each other with some stuff on top of them", "Two full size refrigerators are right next to each other. ", "Two stainless steel refrigerators standing side by side."]
["a couple of kitchen appliances are lined up", "A row of retro kitchen designs in various colors.", "A set of four toy miniature appliances of different colors and styles.", "A row of colorful kitchen appliances and sinks.", "A model of a stove, sink, dryer and ice machine."]
["A laptop screen with a box statue leaning on the top of it.", "A robot-looking figure is posed over the top of a computer.", "an image of a laptop on display on a counter", "A computer monitor with a box on top that has a face.", "A computer screen pressed against a window curtain."]
["A tray of food sitting on top of a white table.", "This is a spread of food on a platter", "A couple of plates of food on a table.", "A nice Asian meal with tempura shrimp and other dishes.", "A bunch of items that are sitting on a tray."]
["A sad smart phone holding a half a banana.", "A figurine that holds an iPhone stands on a table.", "a phone with arms holding a piece of banana.", "A comical face on a cellphone with a body on it.", "An iPhone with a sad face and arms and legs attached."]
["A person on a cell phone on a street.", "A young woman in a city talking on a cell phone", "A woman holding a phone up to her hear.", "a lady that is on the phone outside by a building", "A woman talking on a cell phone on a city street."]
["A woman walks on a sidewalk talking on her phone while others stand near.", "A young woman walking down the sidewalk talking on the phone.", "a woman walking down a street talking on a cell phone", "A woman walks down a city street talking on her cell phone.", "A beautiful woman walking down a street while talking on a cellphone."]
["a woman on her cell phone in the middle of a market place", "A woman talking on a  phone next to a crowd of people.", "A woman smiles as she talks on a phone.", "A woman on her cellphone looking away from the camera.", "a woman holding a cell phone up to her ear in a crowd of people"]
["The back view of white iPhone mobile phone.", "there is an white Apple Iphone on display ", "Someone iphone that is face down on the black table.", "The Apple Iphone casing is white plastic.and rounded at the corners.", "The back of an Apple iPhone with the front on the table."]
["A young girl with a top hat on is playing with an object. ", "A small child with colorful hair and a hat using a camera.", "A child with colorful braids and a hat is taking a picture.", "A young child wearing a hat with fake hair takes a picture.", "a little kid that has a phone in her hand"]
["Man sitting on large block checking cell phone.", "there is a man sitting and using a cellphone", "Man sitting down in public typing on his cellphone. ", "Man sitting on stone bench looking at cell phone.", "a man sitting on a cement bench holding a cell phone"]
["A man and woman sitting at a table with cellphone and beers.", "Couple sitting together looking at a cell phone. ", "A man and woman sitting at a table, taking a selfie with a smart phone.", "A man and woman sit in a restaurant with beers in front of them, looking at a cell phone", "A man and a lady having fun with a cell phone."]
["A young boy in a red shirt looking at a cell phone", "a little in a red shirt using a cell phone", "A boy is sitting a table and holding a cell phone.", "a small boy in a red shirt is looking at a cellphone", "the boy is using his phone looking at a box"]
["A row of smart phones sitting on top of a wooden desk.", "Four cellphones sitting on a table in a row.", "Four smart phones sitting side by side on a counter.", "Several different types of cell phones on a table.", "Four black cell phones sit on a table next to a white cell phone."]
["This is a toy microwave and toy foods. ", "some toys that look like a microwave, hot dog and chicken", "A microwave is kept with its door open.", "A picture of a microwave, hotdog, and chicken sitting on a table. ", "a toy microwave open with a fake hotdog sitting outside of it"]
["This microwave is sitting on top of a box.", "A microwave is sitting on top of a box of bananas", "A microwave that has been placed on top of a box of bananas. ", "A microwave of some sort on a box of bananas.  ", "an old black microwave sitting on top of a box in a room filled with boxes"]
["Modern all white kitchen are of residential home.", "A model kitchen on display with the photographer reflected in the window.", "The photographers' reflection is shown on the wall of a pristine white kitchen.", "The kitchen was tan and white in color", "An all white kitchen with a stove, dishwasher and cabinets."]
["Two pictures of refrigerators one with the door closed the other with the door opened.", "Two photographs of a closed and open refrigerator.", "There are photos showing the inside and outside of a refrigerator", "A refrigerator open and showing empty shelves and other having sticker on the door. ", "A refrigerator freeze sitting inside of a kitchen with papers on the side of it."]
["there is a very tall tower that has a clock on it", "a very long building with a city clock", "A large tower with a clock at the top.", "A tall building with a clock on the front of it", "A very tall clock tower sitting under a blue sky."]
["There are a bunch of wrenches hanging on a wall", "A wall covered with tools and a clock.", "A wall of wrenches hung up and a red clock", "A wooden shelf with lots of different sized wrenches on it.", "A door covered with hanging wrenches and a clock."]
["A woman in an office reaching up for a clock on the wall.", "Two people watch as a woman takes a clock off the wall.", "Three ladies in a room and one of them is fixing a clock.", "A person is standing on something to get to a clock.", "A woman adjusts clock while several people watch."]
["A refrigerator that is in an otherwise empty room.", "Empty room ready for paint and flooring to be updated.", "A mostly empty room with paint cans and a refrigerator.", "An empty room with a refrigerator, drop cloth, paint buckets and trays.", "A house has a small staircase and a disconnected refrigerator. "]
["Three pots of flowers are placed on a window sill.", "a number of flower pots full of flowers near one another ", "a bucket that has some kind of flowers in it", "a table top with some vases of flowers on it ", "The beautiful flowers are inside the buckets by the window"]
["Yellow and red floral arrangement displayed in bathroom.", "some yellow and red flowers and its green leaves ", "A group of yellow flowers sitting inside a vase. ", "The vase held the yellow and red flowers. ", "A vase with flowers are shown on the counter."]
["A planter filled with lots of yellow and red green leafed flowers.", "a group of flowers sitting in a vace on top of the counter", "A rectangular vase is displayed, surrounded by flowers.", "A vase full of some yellow flowers sets on top of a counter. ", "A vase with flowers in it on a counter. "]
["Several white vases have puffy flowers in it.", "A table full of white vases with flower toppers.", "A woman standing behind a table full of vases of flowers.", "some vases on two tables with green and white flowers in them ", "so many nice flowers in vase and a woman"]
["A group of four vases filled with white and yellow flowers.", "There are white vases with white flowers in them.", "Several vases with flowers in them near trees. ", "a vase containing white flowers next to a branch", "Some flowers in vases next to some branches."]
["A group of flowers in a vase sitting on a well varnished table.", "A green vase with yellow and white flowers.", "There is a bunch of flowers in a vase.", "A vase holding white and yellow flowers on a wooden table.", "A wood surface holding a vase of wildflowers."]
["A table topped with different types of tools.", "several silver hole punchers and other office supplies on a wooden table", "Various office items used to cut and staple paper.", "A pair of scissors and a fork on a desk.", "Tools, scissors, a fork, mouse, paper and tape on a surface. "]
["Walkway near tower with clock and ornate sculpting.", "A very tall clock tower sitting along side of a bridge.", "A day time shot of a  roof top view of a clock tower.", "The clock tower has been placed at the end of the bridge.", "a very big building with a long fence by it"]
["A young girl helping blow dry another child's hair.", "Little girl blow drying her brother's hair in the bathroom.", "Young girl helping young boy with hair care.", "A young girl blow drying the head of a young boy", "One child holding a hair brush in a bathroom while another child blow dries the first child's hair."]
["A young person using a hair dryer near bunk beds.", "A black-and-white photo of a woman using a hairdryer.", "a person is blow drying their hair in a bedroom", "A young man is holding a hair dryer.", "PERSON IN BLACK AND WHITE PICTURE HOLDING HAIR DRYER"]
["A couple of women preparing food inside of a kitchen.", "Two chefs wearing caps prepare food for the customers", "One cook is dishing food onto a tray and another is preparing food. ", "Two female food service workers dishing up food in a kitchen ", "Two female chefs in a kitchen cooking. It appears to be a restaurant setting."]
["a cup of coffee sitting next to a plate with an omelet on it ", "this is an instagram of breakfast with coffee", "A table that has a plate of food and a coffee cup on it.", "A cup and bottle of hot sauce are on a table next to a plate with food, a fork, and knife on it. ", "A dining table holding coffee and a plate of eggs."]
["A brown plate topped with a fruit covered piece of cake.", "A piece of bread is on a plate next to a cup of orange juice.", "A steak with a few pieces of tomato on top of it.", "A toast and tomato breakfast with orange juice.", "A piece of toast topped with tomatoes with orange juice."]
["A group of people standing near a clock tower", "People gather around a clock on a cobblestone street.", "a small clock tower on a city street with people standing around it", "A city area with a clock, lamppost and group of people.", "A large clock in the middle of a sidewalk next to a light."]
["A white bowl filled with soup on top of a plate.", "A bowl of yummy food sits on a green table.", "A big bowl of soup on a green table top.", "A bowl of creamy orange soup on a green table.", "A bowl of orange colored soup with a green dressing on a green table."]
["Brown dog holding up a teddy bear in its mouth on the floor. ", "Bears and sheep on hardwood floor with dog", "A dog playing with two stuffed dog toys.", "A brown dog standing over two stuffed animals.", "A dog playing with one white and one brown stuffed animal."]
["An adorable little girl standing next to a brown teddy bear wearing glasses and a sweater.", "A young girl posing next to a large teddy bear.", "A young girl sits next to a teddy ear in glasses. ", "A smiling girl standing with a large Teddy Bear in a blue room.", "a white teddy bear with a green shirt and a smiling girl"]
["a statue of person on top of a building with a clock", "a ohoto of an old building with a clock and angels on it", "A building structure with a tower clock and lots of statues on top of the building and one is off to the side next to a fence.", "a clock on building, with figures around and on top of it.", "a building with statues and a clock on the top on it "]
["A white clock tower with a clock on each of it's sides.", "a big building with a tower on top with a clock on it ", "Clocks on all sides of the building's little roof tower", "A clock tower with a lightening rod sticking out from the center.", "A building with clock and a weathervane on top."]
["A vase filled with red roses on top of a wooden table.", "A vase of flowers with a bright light in the background.", "A bouquet of flowers on a table with a bright light behind it.  ", "A flower arrangement on a table with back lighting.", "Vase of flowers sitting on a table in front of a light."]
["A penny behind three tiny flower vases on a wooden table.", "Green and white flowers sitting next to a penny. ", "A table with a penny and some flowers on it", "A standing penny is adorned by many miniature potted flowers.", "A table with a few vases on it with flowers."]
["A large red vase sitting in front of a building.", "A stone building with a stone floor and several different plants in front. ", "this is a red vase on top of some stairs", "A couple of plants that are by a building.", "Several plants sitting on the outside of a building."]
["A pile of scissors of many colors and a ruler.", "There are many different colored scissors on top of a desk", "A stack of various scissors and a ruler on a table.", "A bunch of colorful scissors sits on a wooden table next to a ruler.", "Group of different colored scissors next to each other. "]
["a person holding a pair of scissors and cutting on a lace bordered white fabric.", "A woman using scissors on a white blanket.", "A woman with a pair of scissors in her hand cutting fabric.", "Fancy edging on a piece of cloth with person with scissors.", "A person using a pair of scissors to work on a garment."]
["A pair of orange scissors is sitting on black mesh.", "A pair of scissors with orange handle on a table with cloth. ", "Scissors sitting on cloth that is spread on table. ", "The orange handled scissors are on a black fabric. ", "a pair of scissors sitting on some black mesh fabric"]
["Light colored teddy bear dressed in a hoodie and pants", "A teddy bear with clothes sitting on a couch.", "A t-shirt has been put onto a stuffed bear", "An adorable brown teddy bear wearing a shirt and pants.", "A teddy bear wearing a blue sweatshirt sitting on a bed."]
["Two small children in a double stroller looking at each other.", "two babies play and talk with each other in their strollers.", "A toddler greets an infant in an adjacent stroller.", "Two babies smile at each other in carriages.", "two small children sit next to each other "]
["A brown teddy bear sitting next to cup cakes and then sitting on a couch.", "A stuffed bear sits behind some cupcakes in one photo and appears with an empty cupcake wrapper in the other photo.", "A stuffed bear is shown with cupcakes in front of it.", "A teddy bear with a hood on near cupcakes, and a teddy bear with a cake wrapper.", "A teddy bear has a shirt on while looking at cupcakes."]
["A teddy bear holding onto a Nikon camera.", "A teddy bear doll holding a camera sitting on the bed.", "A teddy bear holding a camera on a bed. ", "A teddy bear is holding a Nikon camera.", "Toy teddy bear holding a camera in its lap."]
["A woman reaches a spoon towards a plate of food.", "A woman at a table cutting into a pizza.", "a woman is eating food at a restaurant ", "A woman eating  at an outdoor wooden table.", "there is a woman sitting at a table eating "]
["A plate sits on a table in front of a woman.", "A woman sitting at a table with food filled plates and cups on it.", "an image of a plate with bread on it", "Girl sitting at table with jelly bread on a plate.", "A woman in pink shirt sitting at table with food."]
["Plate of food sitting on a table while female sits at other end.", "a plate with eggs, bacon, fruit and toast on a wooden table.", "A combination of meat, eggs, toast and vegetables on a plate on a picnic table.", "A woman sitting at an outdoor eatery with a breakfast plate on the wooden table in front of her.", "A plate with eggs, bacon, toast and tomatoes."]
["A bowl of stew, and several plates of English Muffins and bread.", "Two english muffins, an omelet and bowl of soup", "Red soup served with buttered bread and an omelette.", "Different varieties of food for two on a table ", "A table filled with plates of food and a bowl of soup."]
["A tray of biscuit, egg, bacon, hashbrown,milk, orange, apple, and ketchup", "a tray filled with food, breakfast muffin, fruit and eggs", "An egg sandwich and other food on a tray.", "LUNCH TRAY WITH EGG SANDWICH, HASH BROWNS, FRUIT AND CONDIMENTS", "A basic cafeteria breakfast on a plastic tray"]
["A red colored cafeteria tray holding a variety of breakfast items.", "a close up of a tray of food with a sandwich a fork and a drink", "A breakfast sandwich, a hashbrown square, fruit, a bottle, a fork, and a glass of milk on a tray. ", "a red tray with a fork a drink sauce and some food", "A partitioned tray holds several different lunch items."]
["A series of photos showing different types of food.", "There are several different photos that display a variety of food dishes.", "A collection of photos of Japanese dishes and soup.", "The four images each have different plates of food.", "Variety of food pictures featuring soups, pasta, fish and vegetables"]
["Four different photographs of soups, rice and fish.", "a collage of pictures of bowls of food fish and rice", "Oriental food consisting of a sushi box, two soups, and a fish meal.", "Four photos of different types of Asian cuisine.", "A menu with pictures of different types of food."]
["A series of photographs depicting plates covered in different types of food.", "An assortment of Chinese dinner options are arranged.", "You can see five different meals, one for each of five different ethnic groups.", "There are numerous images of different types of food including pasta.", "Plates of various food items sit on tables."]
["Separate pictures show noodles, rice and a meat dish.", "The collage has four images that show different plates of food.", "A bunch of different foods in different shots.", "A plate of many types of food on a table.", "Four different dishes containing meat, noodles, rice and soup"]
["five different pictures of different food items ", "A split picture shows different bowls of food.", "Several dishes of food are shown including noodles, rice and egg.", "Pictures of different bowls and plates of food.", "some pasta dishes are in plates and bowls"]
["A bowl filled with food sitting next to two pieces of bread.", "A bowl of food and a spoon on a table.", "A sweet dish is kept in a bowl on a table mat.", "A bowl of food set on a table with a spoon.", "A plate with two vegetables and bowl of food with spoon."]
["Two women and man holding flutes of champagne.", "A male and two females holding champagne. ", "A man and two women holding drinking glasses of a bubbly liquid.", "Three people in a room holding up wine glasses.", "The three friends are sharing a glass of champagne. "]
["A large truck parked next to palm trees on a street.", "a brown and white cement truck and two men ", "A truck stopped on a street behind a bicycle with two men talking.", "A large construction vehicle is stopped on the road by a policeman.", "A blurry old photo of people standing near a cement mixer truck."]
["three people on bicycles lined up behind one another along a road.", "Children along the side of a street standing on their bicycles.", "There's three people riding a cycle on the side of a road.", "THREE BOYS RIDING THEIR BICYCLES ON A STREET. ", "Three kids riding their bikes on the side of the road."]
["A man wearing a beret while using a laptop computer.", "A picture of a man sitting outside typing on his laptop.", "A main sits on the sidewalk, leaning back against the building, with his lap top open.", "Man sitting on a chair outdoors working on a laptop. ", "a man sitting outside on a laptop against a brick wall"]
["A passenger train traveling through rural mountain countryside.", "A red train is coming down the tracks", "A train is going down the train tracks.", "A view out of a train window as it goes down the tracks.", "A red train on railroad tracks as seen from one of the windows"]
["A woman under an umbrella on a rainy day ", "Woman in a winter jacket standing under an umbrella near a bridge.", "A woman in a coat with an umbrella on a dock under a bridge", "A woman wears a tan jacket while holding a black umbrella on a dock.", "A woman holding an umbrella on a dock."]
["A black and white image of a woman catching a bird", "Couple of women near pigeons near a busy town", "A woman on a path holds out her hand for a bird to alight on.", "A woman that is standing near the birds.", "Two women standing in the park surrounded by birds."]
["A man riding a white scooter down a street with a woman on the back.", "A man and a woman ride a motorbike.", "A man and woman riding a moped down the road.", "Man driving a scooter with lady sitting sideways wearing a dress and heels.", "Man and woman riding scooter on the street."]
["A man in glasses wearing a shirt and tie.", "there is a man wearing glasses and a tie in this picture", "A man with black glasses and black tie.", "A man with glasses on and a dress shirt and tie.", "A man wearing a black neck tie and glasses."]
["A restaurant full of people sitting on benches", "People sitting and eating in a restaurant. ", "many people at tables with drinks and food ", "Rows of tables with people sitting at them on long benches.", "A group of people sitting around talking to each other."]
["A woman standing outside of a metallic bus parked.", "The woman is boarding the city bus during the daytime. ", "A woman standing outside of a bus with asian characters written on it.", "A woman is walking by a silver bus.", "A woman boarding a bus in a Chinese city."]
["The kitchen is clean and ready to be used. ", "Kitchen with window and cabinets with no fronts on them.", "A kitchen with green walls, white trim, and a refrigerator. ", "An ordinary kitchen with the words \"Little life on the Prairie\" along the bottom of the picture. ", "A newly finished kitchen with a green wall color."]
["A white and green kitchen filled with dishes and appliances.", "A small kitchen are a with white cabinets", "The cupboard above the counter is full of white dishes.", "The dishes are neatly arranged behind the glass cabinet doors.", "an image of a kitchen setting with white wooden shelving"]
["An oven in a kitchen with a stove on top in between counter tops.", "A clean kitchen with a light on in the oven.", "A kitchen that features and oven that has a light turned on in it.", "The front view of the stove built within the counter. ", "There is a light on in the oven."]
["A person on a long large train on a track.", "A person with his head out of a window while on a train. ", "People leaning out the windows of a train as it goes through the countryside.", "A man hanging his head out of the side of a train.", "there is a man sticking his head out of a train window"]
["A man flying a kite in a park on a clear day", "A man is flying a kite at the park.", "A man flies a kite in a park.", "A person in a field flying a kite with people walking around.", "A man flying a cat in a park next to a tree."]
["A woman holding a colorful kite on top of a green field.", "A colorful kite is ready for launch on a blue sky day", "A girl is holding a large kite on a grassy field.", "a lady holding a kite and walking in a grassy area", "A woman standing on grass holding a colorful kite."]
["The officer is riding a horse threw the streets. ", "some people om a street some cars buildings and a policeman on a horse at night", "a person riding on horse goes down a city street ", "A horse walking along a city street with reflective bands on its legs.", "A man riding a horse in a city street with people on the roadside"]
["a person riding on a horse drawn carriage", "A horse pulling a wagon with a man sitting in the wagon. ", "A blurry photo of a horse drawn carriage", "A man driving a horse carriage down a street.", "A very pretty horse pulling a fancy carriage with a guy in it."]
["A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "A man doing a trick on a skateboard as another man watches.", "Skateboarder in mid air preparing for trick as fellow boarder watch.", "A skateboarder performing a trick on a ramp while another one watches him.", "A man is skateboarding with his friends "]
["A kitchen with a center island surrounded by wooden stools.", "A large kitchen with a ceiling fan in it .", "A clean kitchen with an island and stools ", "A kitchen contains a bar and a ceiling fan", "a small kitchen with a island table and wooden chairs"]
["Two women stand and talk on the beach while holding surfboards", "Two women on beach with surfboards under arms.", "Two people holding surfboards on the beach with surfers in the water.", "Women with surfboards on the beach by the ocean", "Two woman on the beach holding their surfboards"]
["Traffic on a dock next to a moored sailing ship.", "Large  sailing vessel docked with vehicles and pedestrians nearby.", "Trucks and men are near a huge docked sail boat.", "A large sail boat docked while trucks and people drive and walk around it.", "Large white boat docked at a dock with multiple trucks."]
["A turkey or chicken cooks inside a kitchen oven.", "A lit oven displays a turkey and a pan of vegetables roasting side by side.", "A turkey and other foods are cooking in an oven.", "A turkey and vegetables cooking in an oven with a glass window on the door.", "Stainless steel oven with pan of vegetables and a turkey in the oven."]
["A kitchen with a metallic refrigerator freezer next to a sink.", "A kitchen with appliances that include a sink, dishwasher and a refrigerator.", "This picture looks  out from the kitchen blind onto the yard.", "A view of a kitchen that has granite counter tops.", "a kitchen with a refrigerator a sink and counter tops"]
["A man is staring out of a boat window.", "A man sitting in front of a window looking out onto water.", "A man staring out the window at an ocean of water. ", "People are looking out of a window at water.", "The boy is looking out the window at the water."]
["A kitchen that has many things in the sink and on the counter.", "The kitchen has a lot of dirty dishes in the sink.", "The small kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher, but and the sink and disracd are filled with dishes", "A modestly-sized kitchen sits unoccupied in the morning.", "A blue hue covers this mostly white kitchen."]
["A gigantic pastry held together by a bag and skewers", "A large slab of food fresh from the oven in a kitchen", "a table with a tray of food and some scissors a bowl and a pot", "Food in a bag sits on a table with sticks in it.", "A metal tin pan filled with two large cakes sitting on a table."]
["A woman preparing food inside of a kitchen.", "A woman near an open oven filled with trays of food.", "A woman in front of a oven looking down towards something. ", "This women is working a her job at her bakery.", "A woman cleaning items in front of a large oven."]
["A woman prepares to pour batter into lined muffin tins.", "A woman making cupcakes in a large kitchen ", "A woman in an industrial kitchen mixing a batter.", "there is a woman cooking in a very large kitchen", "A lady s in the kitchen preparing some kind of meal. "]
["There are cups and plates on the dish drainer.", "A wooden dish rack on a counter holding plates, saucers, a bowl, mugs and glasses. ", "There are plates and cups on the drying rack.", "Plates assembled near each other with silverware on right.", "A collection of silverware resting on a rack."]
["A man riding a bike down a street next to a giant panting.", "A man riding his bicycle on the side of the street. ", "a guy riding a bicycle past a painted city wall", "A person is biking past two people who are walking.", "A man on a bike and a man walking on the street."]
["a bike sitting by a pole in a narrow alley", "A view of a narrow city street during non-business hours.", "A bike on the side of city street.", "A bicycle is parked in the narrow alleyway.", "The bicycle is parked on the side of the alley."]
["A bike parked next to a red door on the front of a house.", "A bicycle is parked by a house with a red door.", "A bike is leaning up on a white house with a red door behind a wooden bench.", "A bike propped up beside the house with the open red door.", "A bicycle parked and locked up outside a house. "]
["A doorway view with a toilet, shower and a sink.", "Picture of bathroom with shower in far corner and toilet sitting nearest to the door.", "A view of a large shower with two windows near the ceiling opened slightly", "A very small bathroom with a commode a stand up shower, and sink.", "A bathroom with tiled floors and tiled walls. "]
["A sink is shown in front of a frame covered wall.", "A metal sink and a mirror in a room.", "The walls near the sink are covered with framed photos.", "a sink and a mirror reflecting the many pictures on the wall", "A bathroom sink with a mirror above it and the walls covered with framed photos."]
["A bathroom with a row of wall mounted sinks.", "A bathroom with teal tiles and several sinks.", "A bathroom with sinks, mirrors and electrical sockets.", "A bathroom has four sinks, four mirrors, and a window in it.", "Several white sinks and mirrors in a bathroom."]
["A powder room in Morocco with an arched doorway and white towels on a brass stand.", "Towels and a robe are reflected in the bathroom mirror.", "White towels sit on gold fixtures in this lavish bathroom", "a purple room with no door on it", "A bathroom with a large sink and purple walls."]
["A fuzzy photo shows a simple bathroom and bathtub.", "Orange tub and pink toilet in a bathroom.", "A bathroom with a white toilet and an orange tub.  ", "A compact bathtub fits snugly in this small bathroom.", "A bathroom with an orange bathtub next to a white toilet."]
["A woman riding a bike with a cat on her", "A woman in white shirt on bicycle with a cat on her shoulders.", "A girl riding a bicycle with a cat on her shoulders.", "A woman riding a bike smile with a cat on her shoulders.", "A woman on a bike that has a cat on its shoulders."]
["The big dog is laid out in the hallway", "A run down hallway that is poorly lit.", "A long hallway with a dog and a bike laying on the floor.", "A dog rests on dirty tiles between near a bike and metal doors.", "A dog laying on the floor of a tiled hallway."]
["a man on a bike that is walking dogs", "A man on a bike that has a bunch of dogs.", "a man on a bike pulling a group of dogs with him", "A man riding a bike while holding the leashes on a bunch or dogs.", "A person walks many dogs on a bike. "]
["A woman riding a green bike with a small white dog on the back.", "A woman in a fur coat on a bike with a dog in the bike's basket.", "A woman wearing a coat rides a bicycle with a dog. ", "The woman is riding her bike with her dog on the back.", "a little dog standing on the back of a woman's bike "]
["A white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a roll of TP.", "A toilet has an open cupboard behind it.", "A white toilet with its seat up sits in a toilet niche below a shelf.", "A toilet that is inside of a bathroom.", "A toilet in a tiny space with a roll of paper on the ledge"]
["A beige tiled bathroom with white fixtures and a mirror.", "A bathroom with tile floor and white fixtures. ", "A bathroom filled with a white bathtub next to a sink and toilet.", "The view of a large sized bathroom with a tile floor.", "A tan bathroom with a bathroom and sink."]
["A green bathroom with a mirror and a pink sink.", "A bathroom with green walls, a pink sink and a door with graffiti on it. ", "A white porcelain sink is in the bathroom, next to an orange soap dish attached to the wall, near the door with graffiti spray painted onto it.", "Old public rest room with pink wash basin ", "A bathroom with an old door and it pink sink."]
["People and bicycles in a crowded street in China.", "A police officer directing traffic in an Asian community.", "A city street with lots of bicyclist and pedestrians. ", "A policeman directing bicycle traffic on a busy street.", "Many people walking on the street and riding their bicycle."]
["A woman holding a tooth brush while wearing black.", "A woman holds a toothbrush and smiles in a bathroom setting.", "A woman holds up her toothbrush in the bathroom.", "A woman in black holding up a toothbrush", "A woman is in the bathroom, wearing black, and holding a toothbrush."]
["A bathroom with two toilets look in very bad shape.", "Two old toilets and a sink sit in a room.", "Old, dilapidated bathroom fixtures, two toilets and a sink, sit in an old building.", "A rustic restroom has two toilets and a sink.", "A small bathroom has two dirty toilets and a sink"]
["A white bathroom sink sitting under a mirror.", "A bathroom sink that is under a mirror.", "A bathroom with a sink and other items. ", "there is a very beautiful view out of this bathroom window", "Sun shining through the blinds into a white bathroom."]
["A man is taking his own picture in a mirror.", "man with camera looking into a reflective mirror ", "A man takes a picture in the mirror with a camera.", "Man holding up a camera to a mirror in a house. ", "A man taking a picture of himself with a camera in a mirror. "]
["A grey and black bathroom with an odd shape vanity.", "A clean bathroom with a tub and sink. ", "A very nice looking clean cut and contemporary styled wash basin.", "A wooden table siting in a bathroom next to a toilet.", "A beautiful bathroom sink with a person taking a photo in the mirror."]
["A woman is holding a camera by a bathroom.", "A person taking a picture of a bathroom vanity and sink.", "There is a sink and a mirror in the bathroom", "a person standing in a fancy bathroom while taking a selfie ", "The person uses a camera to take a picture of the small bathroom."]
["A bathroom with a narrow toilet and hanging towels. ", "A bathroom with a tank with the flusher on it.", "A clean bathroom with a sink, mirror and stylish toilet.", "A bathroom is shown with a sink and a toilet.", "A hotel bathroom with white towels, sink and toilet."]
["a small white toilet is in a tiny bathroom", "This bathroom is small with the basic sink, shower, and toilet", "A small bathroom with a combined toilet and shower", "A white toilet in a bathroom next to a shower.", "A very small bathroom with a toilet and shower."]
["A modern bathroom with a toilet and shower.", "A bathroom is decorated in shades of gray, with a shower and a toilet. ", "a bath room with a toilet a stand up shower ", "A toilet with it's open lid near the shower. ", "A glass shower is next to a toilet."]
["a close up of a toilet with a poster on the wall", "A band poster is above a bathroom toilet.", "A concert poster is hung above the toilet.", "Someone posted a poster above a toilet in a public restroom.", "Large poster on wall behind white commode in dark tiled bathroom."]
["A white bathroom sink with a vase of flowers on it", "A bathroom sink unit is far too small for the wall it's mounted on.", "a bath room with a sink a mirror and towel racks", "A white sink sitting underneath a bathroom window.", "A bathroom with a white sink vanity and white tile with black."]
["A bathroom with white colored cabinets and toilet", "A person takes a picture of an empty bathroom. ", "A small bathroom furnished with a sink, commode, and cabinets. ", "The toilet seat is up in a small bathroom.", "A bathroom scene with focus on the toilet and the sink."]
["A large group of people on bikes on a road.", "A group of people riding bicycles down a street", "a bunch of people are riding bicycles on a road", "A large group of people are riding bikes and motorcycles.", "Bicycle and scooter traffic on a paved road."]
["there is a withe toilet and the tub has a blue curtain", "a toilet a shower a gray shower curtain and some shelves", "A shower and a toilet in a bathroom.", "A bathroom with a toilet, sink and shelf separated from the shower by a wall", "a bathroom with a toilet and a shower"]
["two women loading their bicycles onto a bus rack", "Two woman loading bikes onto a public bus.", "People attaching their bikes to the front of a bus.", "a boy and girl are putting their bicycles on the front of a bus", "A man with a bicycle stands in front of a bus."]
["There is a lovely bathroom with a full-size sunken Jacuzzi.", "A large bath rub in front of a mirror .", "There is a large jacuzzi tub in a bathroom that is reflected in the mirror. ", "A bathroom area with a large jacuzzi tub and mirror.", "A large marble bathroom with mirrored closet and jetted tub."]
["The lights are on above the mirror of the bathroom sink.", "a bath room with a window a sink and a mirror ", "a bathroom with a sink a mirror and a window", "A nook for a vanity with lots of lights and a big mirror.", "a bathroom with a sink an mirror in it"]
["A bathroom with a bathtub sitting next to a toilet.", "A bathtub with a tile wall behind it and blue paint", "A bathtub and shower with ceramic tiles on the walls.", "A bathroom shower has the curtain pulled back to reveal tan tiles.", "A shower with a tan tiled wall and white caulk."]
["A red bathroom mirror sitting next to a white toilet.", "A very modern bathroom with a bowl sink, toilet and tub.", "A bathroom with a tub, toilet, sink and a mirror with red edging.", "a large bathroom with tile flooring and a shower", "A tiled bathroom with a bright red mirror."]
["A blue truck with a large poster on it's side.", "A bike on top of a car near a sign.", "Vehicles at outdoor cycling event with pedestrians nearby.", "A cycling sign is post on the side of a truck.", "A cycling event with cycles being transported in cars, atop cars, in vans."]
["a bathroom wih a big mirror and a tv attached in the corner", "A bathroom with a mounted TV next to his and her sinks.", "Small bathroom with a mirror, double sink, and a mounted television. ", "A bathroom with a double sink and large vanity mirror", "The bathroom has double sinks and there is a television mounted."]
["The street is empty and a bunch of signs have been knocked down.", "An old building with a \"HOTEL HARWAL\" sign on a street corner.", "Older hotel on corner of street with old sign", "A bunch of construction barriers near an old, worn down building.", "A building that has a hotel sign with a stop sign below it."]
["A man in a red shirt in a bathroom with two mirror and a photo", "A man standing in front of a bathroom mirror.", "a man that is looking at a picture of him self", "A young man looks at himself in the mirror.", "An image of a man is shown through multiple mirrors"]
["An old time car is parked at the curb near a stop sign.", "An old car is parked next to a stop sign.", "A classic car at a stop sign during the day.", "A vintage car sitting next to a red stop sign.", "A car parked next to a stop sign."]
["Tray of food disguised in car, on restaurant counter", "A plate that has a cardboard car holding a hot dog and fries in it.", "some food is sticking out of a toy car", "A green surface with  a fifties car model on a plate, topped with a hotdog roll and fries, a napkin dispenser, menus and condiments, has  two sets of  hands on either side, reaching for items, one of which is part of a black and  red/wearing woman. ", "A meal of a hot dog and fries served out of a plate that looks like a muscle car."]
["A child sitting at a table eating food from a small car.", "A child sitting at a table with a hot dog.", "A meal of a hot dog and some fries served in a model car on a plate.", "A person sitting at table with their hot dog and fries inside a paper car cutout on a plate.", "A hot dog and french fries served in a car tray"]
["A hotdog is sitting with fries in a paper car on a plate.", "There is a plate of hot dogs and some fries in a car box", "A hot dog in a bun and French fries are in a paper car. ", "Hot dog and french fries served in a cardboard carrier shaped like a car.", "A hot dog and fries served in a cardboard vintage car replica. "]
["A photo taken in a car looking at a dog in the back seat.", "A dog that is in the back of a car.", "A dog is resting across a backseat beside a seat belt window sign.", "A brown dog laying on the back seat of a car. ", "A dog sits in the back of a car."]
["A large elephants reflection in a cars side view mirror, with other elephants in the distance.", "An elephant is approaching in the rear view mirror.", "An elephant is in the rear view mirror of a car.", "Elephants in the side mirror of a car", "An adult elephant walking in the side view mirror of a car."]
["a sign a street a green car and a person with a black umbrella", "Person walking down a rainy street past a car ", "A green car parked by a building with the word Greed visible and a person waling in the rain with an umbrella on the sidewalk.", "A green car parked on a rainy street", "A green car next to street with tree and person walking."]
["A full view of a dirty bathroom with no toilet available. ", "A \"squat\" style toilet made of white porcelin.", "A standing toilet in a bathroom stall covered in fecal matter.", "A dirty squat toilet surrounded by white tile.", "A square in the floor with two foot holes."]
["An old car in a parking lot with a surfboard strapped to the top", "An old blue car with a surfboard on top of it.", "A surfboard on top of a beaten car near the ocean", "A car parked in a parking lot with a surfboard on top of it.", "An old blue car with a surfboard on top"]
["A group of smiling young children sit at a table in the library.", "a couple of people are sitting at a table in a library", "A group of boys siting in the library near a librarian.", "An old picture of three student in the library with there teacher.", "A black and white photo of children in a library"]
["A toilet bowl with a tall white tank has a plunger type flush button.", "A toilet with a round seat and an odd-shaped tank.", "The electronic toilet as a toilet scrubber next to it.", "a strange looking toilet sitting in the corner", "This toilet sits in a bathroom with wooden walls"]
["A dining room filled with lots of people.", "many people at tables and lights books and laptops", "A view of a building with a very elegant ceiling and painted roof.", "A large library with many people sitting at tables and a painting on the ceiling.", "A group of people that are sitting at tables."]
["A man sits on a motorcycle holding a cat. ", "A motorcycle rider putting a cigarette in his mouth", "A person sitting on a motorcycle with a dog in their jacket.", "man on motorcycle holding a black cat in his jacket", "A Caucasian female motorcycle rider sitting astride her motorcycle with a cat"]
["A cat is drinking water from the toilet bowl", "A cat that is sitting with its head in the toilet.", "The cat is drinking water from the toilet.", "A cat is drinking out of a dirty toilet.", "a cat with its head inside of a toilet bowl"]
["A cat sitting on a toilet seat while the cover is up.", "a black and white cat is walking around on a toilet", "a cat is standing on the toilet in the bathroom", "a cat on top of a toilet bowl in a bathroom", "A cat with crazy eyes standing on a toilet."]
["A red motorcycle is parked in between white lines.", "a parked motor cycle parked out side of some buildings.", "A classic motorcycle in a parking space along the street.", "A red motorcycle parked in a spot alongside a street.", "A motorcycle is sitting idly in the parking spot. "]
["A rotten door leading into a restroom covered in filth.", "A rusted door leading to an old bathroom with a hole in the floor.", "A photo of the camera peeking into a dirty bathroom.", "A weathered door that leads to a dirty bathroom.", "A toilet inside a room that needs renovation."]
["A man sitting on top of a motorcycle next to a field.", "A smiling man is sitting on a motorcycle.", "A man sits against his motorcycle near San Francisco ", "A man sitting on a motorcycle smiling for the camera ", "A man poses for a picture while on his motorcycle."]
["a small toilet in a bathroom with tile walls", "An old and dirty  public bathroom stall ", "An open toilet sitting inside a bathroom stall.", "A toilet with the lid up in a small bathroom stall.", "An opened toilet in a small bathroom with a mirror on the tank."]
["A bathroom with several urinals lined up next to each other.", "A line of urinals divided by privacy screens in a public bathroom.", "A row of urinals in a men's bathroom.", "Urinals in a bathroom seperated by a glass wall.", "A bathroom with some dividing walls between urinals."]
["A bathroom is shown, with a urinal and a bidet.", "The public restroom is clean and ready for customers to use.", "Two urinals in a public bathroom between partitions.", "Two urinals are separated by a glass wall.", "Two urinals stand against the wall with a divider between them. "]
["A very nice looking motorcycle parked near some bushes.", "a parked gray and black motorcycle and a backpack", "There is too much stuff on top of the motorcycle.", "A moped sitting on the street with bags surrounding it.", "a scooter with a rifle bag parked in front of a fence"]
["A large white castle like building with a statue in front. ", "a bunch of parked cars on a city street ", "A large building that has a horse statue in front of it.", "A large Cathedral like church with a clock tower and people at the gate.", "A very tall building with pointy towers in front of a flag."]
["A white toilet filled with bags of garbage.", "Two plastic bags of garbage are on a toilet outside.", "this is a toilet with a couple bags in it", "A pile of trash in a trash can. ", "Two bags of garbage sitting in the bowl of a toilet."]
["a white toilet is laying on its side on the ground", "Toilet sitting on the ground in the middle of a forrest. ", "a toilet left out like a big piece of trash", "a broken toilet laying on the ground in the forest ", "A white toilet laying on it's side in a field."]
["A bathroom with three white wall mounted urinals.", "Each of the trio of urinals are equally capable of holding tremendous amounts of human urine.", "A bathroom with three stalls and three different styles of urinals.", "Three urinals placed side by side to one another separated by a series of glass walls.", "three bathroom stalls with urinals, with screens separating them"]
["A room with urinals lined up on both sides.", "Long rows of white urinals sitting on a wall in a bathroom. ", "A men's bathroom is shown with urinals lining both walls", "A bathroom with many urinals mounted to it's walls.", "A bathroom with grey walls and a good deal of urinals."]
["An orange motorcycle is parked next to a car.", "An orange motorcycle parked behind a blue car.", "a orange motorcycle parked next to a sidewalk.", "An orange and black motorcycle parked on a street.", "A motorcycle parked against a curb behind a car."]
["A group of motorcyclers riding down a street with traffic", "A large group of people on some motor bikes.", "Bikes and cars moving in their respected lanes in a road.", "People on motorbikes line up in the street of a city.", "A tree-lined city street with car and motorcycle traffic. "]
["A church with lots of wooden pews and an illuminated crucifix on the wall.", "A row of pews in a church facing a crucifix.", "The crucifix on the wall of the church is beautifully backlit.", "A view from the back of a church.", "A sole person sits in the front pew of a large church."]
["A old bench next to an old building.", "a brick building with a wooden bench in  front.", "The wooden bench by the building is empty.", "A stone building with a wooden bench placed near it", "Two stain glass windows on an old brick structure."]
["A woman dressed in a police uniform talking to a man on a motorcycle.", "A couple of police officers speaking to each other.", "A woman officer talking to another officer on a motorcycle. ", "A policy officer talking to a fellow officer next to a busy city street.", "two cops on bikes talking to each other on different bikes "]
["A series of images of pots filled with chocolate and desert.", "A pictorial instruction on how to bake quadruple chocolate cake.", "A bunch of Bowles with chocolate being mixed.", "There is a picture guide to making chocolate cake", "an image of split screen images of chocolate batter"]
["The motorcycle procession made their way down the crowded street.", "Dirt bikes with lights on riding along a street with people watching from the side walk.", "Police officers are on parade as crowds watch from aside.", "A group of motorcycles are going down the road.", "A line of police motorcycles driving down the road."]
["A cow inside a brick building with people looking at it through the door way.", "A cow in a brick enclosed room with two open doorways.", "People look on as a cow walks around indoors. ", "A large cow walking around a stone room with two entrances.", "Five men standing in the doorway of a building which is being used as animal quarters."]
["A bathroom that has a toilet and a trash can in it.", "A toilet with its lid open next to a toilet paper roll.", "The toilet has a trash can and a toilet paper dispenser near it. ", "A clean toilet sits with the lid up. ", "a bathroom that has a small little toilet in it"]
["A rock wall next to a green tiled room.", "Two photos-one of a stone building with red windows and one of a urinal.", "split image of inside outside small bathroom window with urinal", "A restroom urinal mounted on a green wall next to the outside of a stone building.", "There are two images side by side, windows and a bathroom"]
["Office scene showing frosted glass cubicles and a computer screen on.", "This work desk has two computer monitors and a portrait of a child on it.", "An office space with cubicle dividers and a red wall.", "Office cubicles in an office building with computers and keyboards.", "An room that has been broken into smaller work areas by a divider."]
["A man riding a motorcycle down a busy city street.", "A man on a motorcycle dressed in black leather.", "A man on a motorcycle pointing his finger.", "A close-up of a man on a motorcycle pointing out the camera.", "Man on street motorcycle point at in direction of camera."]
["A man sitting on a motorcycle posing in front of a bay. ", "A man poses on his motorcycle in front of the Golden Gate bridge.", "Man sits on his parked motorcycle with body of water and bridge behind him. ", "A man sitting on a motorcycle with a large body of water and mountains behind him", "A man in posing with a motorcycle in front of a bay"]
["A man on a motor bike on the road.", "Man sitting on a motorcycle with bridge in background.", "The motorcyclist is happy to be on the road.", "A man sitting on a motorcycle with the Bay Bridge in the distance.", "A man on his motorcycle next to a beautiful scene. "]
["A man riding on the back of a blue motorcycle.", "A man sitting on a motorcycle posing in front of the Golden Gate Bridge.", "a man that is on his motorcycle next to some water", "A helmet wearing man sits on his blue motorcycle.", "A man sitting on a motorcycle in front of a body of water."]
["A man leaning on his motorcycle along the roadside.", "A man sitting on the edge of a motorcycle with the Golden Gate Bridge in the distance.", "A man is sitting on his motorcycle by the water.", "a man sitting on a motorcycle by the side of a street  with mountains, a bay and bridges in the background", "A man is sitting on a motorcycle, wearing a jacket."]
["Black and white historical photo man next to motorized bicycle.", "a man standing in front of an old motorcycle ", "Man stands next to an old motorcycle in the woods.", "An old black and white photo of a man standing next to a motorcycle.", "Black and white image of a man standing next to a vintage motorbike."]
["A group of motorcycle cops riding across a field.", "some motorcycle riders and some people watching them", "The cyclists are riding a race on antique bikes.", "People are outside together on motorcycles with other people standing around.", "A group of people on a beach with vintage motorcycles."]
["there is a man that is posing for a picture in front of donuts", "a man standing in front of a big display case of donuts ", "A man standing behind the counter at a doughnut shop.", "A man is standing in front of a case filled with pastries.\n", "A man standing in front of a bunch of doughnuts."]
["A young couple smile as they sit in a nice restaurant. ", "A man and a woman are eating dinner at a restaurant. ", "Couple sitting at a table in a restaurant with pieces of cake.", "young couple having desert and wine at a restaurant ", "Happy couple having a dinner at a restaurant. "]
["Adults and children gathered at large family meal. ", "a large table that has a bunch of bowls of food on it", "A group of people who are sitting at tables.", "a group of people siting at a table with many plates of food ", "A group of people eat food while sitting on the floor."]
["In building has a picture of a woman in a bikini hugging a hot dog.", "The building in the city has a lot of signs on it. ", "an image of a street sign with a corner restaurant", "A restaurant  with a number of signs for attention. ", "There is a restaurant that is called big weenies on the street"]
["A man riding a motorcycle next to a woman driving an SUV", "A man on a motorcycle is talking with a person in a minivan in a residential neighborhood. ", "A woman in a van and a man in a motorcycle pass by and talk.", "A person in a van with a canoe strapped to the roof stopped in the middle of the street next to a motorcyclist with a helmet on a motorcycle.", "A man on a motorcycle talking to a woman in an SUV on residential street."]
["A small child climbs atop a large motorcycle", "A young boy riding a motorcycle next to a silver car.", "A little baby is sitting on a huge motorcycle.", "A little boy sitting alone on a motorcycle.", "A toddler sitting on a motorcycle in a parking lot."]
["Motorcycles parked in a row in the street. ", "A line of motorcycles parked on the side of a street.", "A line of motorcycles are all parked next to each other.", "Many motorcycles are parked in a row along the building.", "Many motorcycles are lined up on the side of a street. "]
["a motorcycle is sitting off the side of the road", "A blue and gray motorcycle is parked in the grassy side of the road.", "A motorcycle is parked along a misty road.", "A blue motorcycle parked next to a tree in a forest.", "a blue motor cycle sitting by a tree"]
["A young man standing next to a bike", "A man leaning on a black and white motorcycle. ", "a kid that is standing next to a motorcycle", "A person leaning on top of a motorcycle. ", "a man leaning on the seat of a motorcycle"]
["Two motorcyclists driving on a street with parked vehicles.", "Motorcycle, automobile and pedestrian traffic on a city street.", "A car is parked by a fence in the city.", "An urban street with two motorcyclists, a person and a car.", "A picture of some people on the street."]
["A motorcycle rally on the street with many spectators.", "Gay and lesbian community members riding motorcycles down the street during a gay pride parade.", "People on motorcycles riding in the street in a parade.", "Ladies riding down the street on motorcycles as others look on.", "a gay parade with some lesbians on motorcycles"]
["A plane on the tarmac with airport personnel.", "A large plane on a landing strip surrounded by workers.", "A large commercial air raft on the runaway with several attendants around", "An airplane on an airstrip with a maintenance crew servicing the aircraft.", "A group of people working on an airplane parked on a runway."]
["A commercial aircraft flies low above street traffic.", "An air plane flies low above a highway.", "A street with several lanes and cars and trucks on it that are driving towards buildings in the background and an airplane over head.", "An airplane flies over a city skyline as traffic goes down a highway.", "A plane is flying in the air over a freeway."]
["A red and white plane is sitting on the runway. ", "A large jet sitting on top of an airport runway.", "The Australian airliner is parked on the runway.", "A plane sitting on a runway with trucks behind it.", "A large airplane and some trucks in a lot."]
["A renovated propeller airplane flying in a blue sky", "a small air plane flying thru the air", "A small airplane flying through a light blue sky.", "There is an old plane flying in the sky", "A yellow and black fighter plane flying in blue sky."]
["A small propeller plane sitting on top of a field.", "Old fashioned planes in a line on the ground.", "a special airplane model is parking at the field. ", "An older model airplane is parked in a field.  ", "Small airplanes are parked on a grassy field."]
["Silver and red airplane flying through the air alone. ", "An old military plan does tricks against a bright blue sky.", "A propellor fighter plane flying vertically during a display", "the underside of a helicopter flying in the sky", "A plane flying  in a cloudless blue sky."]
["A man standing next to a small airplane with two dogs.", "A man stands next to plane and holds two dogs on leashes.", "A black and white photo showing a man with two dogs on leashes in front of a plane.", "Men preparing an old prop plane for a  trip.", "Man with suitcases preparing to board small old time antique plane."]
["A large airplane and a truck next to a building.", "A truck is on a parking lot near a white and red airplane.", "A commercial plane resting at an airport on a lot.", "A large jetliner sitting on top of an airport tarmac.", "A large airliner is shown on the tarmac of an airport."]
["A large jetliner lading on a runway at an airport.", "men digging some holes close to a runway with a plane", "Two workers are digging near an airport runway.", "Two workers digging holes in the snow near an airport.", "Two men digging holes next to an airport"]
["A large jetliner sitting on top of an airport tarmac.", "a commercial plane at the landing field of an airport", "A large airplane is parked on a runway near some trucks. ", "a plane at the airport being offloaded and some trucks moving besides it", "Trucks have arrived to get hte plane ready for departure."]
["Two airplanes are parked on a grassy field.", "two large white commercial airplanes parked in a grassy area", "Three old airplanes parked together in a field.", "a blue and white plane and two other planes ", " a red and white plane and a blue and white plane"]
["A white plane has bright orange stripes and is parked in a lot near other planes.", "A bunch of propeller planes in a parking lot.", "A small plane sitting on top of an airport tarmac.", "Prop plane with bright orange markings parked with other planes.", "a small passenger plane sitting in a filed of airplanes"]
["The plane is flying high in the sky.", "An airplane that has just taken off into the sky. ", "the plane has a white bottom and  is flying over head ", "A large jetliner flying through a blue sky.", "An airplane fly's through the sky on a clear day.  "]
["A black and white photograph of a plane with many admirers.", "A crowd of people standing around an airplane.", "An old photo of a crowd of people surrounding a vintage airplane", "A lot of women standing by an airplane. ", "A group of people crowded around small airplane. "]
["A large passenger jet flying through a blue sky.", "A jet plane taking off into the air.", "A plane with its wheels down while rising into the sky.", "A Cathay Pacific plane takes off into the air.", "A plane that says \"One World\" gaining altitude."]
["a black plane is sitting on a runway", "A large plane that is behind another plane on a run way area.", "An airplane sitting on top of an airport tarmac.", "The black and white photo has an old fighter plane in it. ", "a small propeller plane sits parked in a airfield "]
["An airplane having maintenance done on the tarmac.", "A airplane that is sitting on a runway.", "The airplane is parked at the put along with others.", "a big plane sitting parked in an air port ", "a plane at the airport with some cars by it "]
["Black and white picture of guy and girl in an embrace on a park bench.", "A romantic couple smooching on a park bench, traffic and pedestrians behind them.", "A man kissing a woman while they sit on a bench on a sidewalk.", "A man hugging a woman as they sit on a bench on the street with people walking behind them on the sidewalk.", "A sitting on a bench and kissing woman on  the check as people pass by."]
["A herd of sheep grazing in a grass covered field.", "A herd of sheep grazing in a harvested corn field", "A flock of sheep grazing in a field.", "Several sheep are standing in a grassy field. ", "A bunch of sheep in a large field."]
["A large jetliner sitting on top of a tarmac.", "A passenger jet being serviced on a runway in an airport.", "there is a very large plane that is stopped at the airport ", "A large Lufthansa plane that is sitting on the runway area.", "A Lufthansa airlines plane is parked at a terminal with several support vehicles around it."]
["An airplane sitting on top of a field next to a crowd of people.", "People stand around a bi-plane on a runway.", "The plane is ready to take off as the people are watching", "We see an old picture of people looking at an airplane.", "A plane in water with several people standing around."]
["Many buses driving down the street in a city with buildings. ", "A bus is going down the road at night.", "A LARGE WELL LIT CLOCK TOWER BY A BUSY CITY STREET", "a van riding down a busy street with the street lights", "A large clock tower with a light on in it "]
["A giraffe is walking in a grassy field as a cow is laying down.", "A group of tourists looking at some wild animals.", "A buggy full of tourists pass a giraffe and a yak.", "A giraffe that is walking around a safari bus.", "A giraffe standing in a field next to a long horned bull."]
["a dog is herding some sheep and some people are watching ", "A dog herds sheep in a grassy field.", "A dog herding sheep at a herding event.", "A herder dog rounds up sheep as a crowd watches. ", "A dog is watching some shaved sheep on grass."]
["A dog is chasing after three running sheep.", "A dog chasing two goats across a green field.", "A dog is chasing some sheep on the grass.", "People watching a dog chase and herd sheep", "A couple of animals are being chased by a dog"]
["Two sheep that are standing in the grass.", "A sheep running around inside its pen, with a dog behind it.", "The farm show includes a sheep after his charges.", "A dog running behind two sheep while people watch.", "A dog that is herding two sheep while people watch."]
["A sheep dog herding a group of three sheep.", "The sheep and the dog are on a race.", "A brown dog walking along a field next to three sheep.", "A dog running behind three sheep in an open field..", "Children are watching while a dog chases sheep"]
["A dog chasing two sheep on top of a lush green field.", "Sheep dog chasing sheep in field with woman watching", "A dog is herding some sheep while people watch.", "a dog chasing after three sheep on a field", "A dog wrangling a group of sheep as spectators watch."]
["Three giraffes and one zebra graze is in part of the grasslands", "Three giraffes and one zebra standing in a grassy field with trees.", "Three giraffes and a zebra standing in the grass. ", "the Giraffes are standing out in the wilderness", "A herd of giraffe standing on top of a lush green field."]
["a white red and blue jet some lights water and a hill", "An airplane on the ground next to water.", "A plane on a runway next to a body of water.", "a large passenger plane landing on a runway.", "The air plane is taking off from the runway at the airport. "]
["A cat curled up in a sunny spot on a table sleeping.", "An orange cat is sitting on a table.", "A white cat on a table next to two box cutters.", "The cat grooms itself atop the workshop table.", "A cay laying on top of a wooden table next to a knife."]
["Two giraffes rubbing on a tree beside two giraffes.", "Four giraffes around a pond with two of them rubbing against a tree.", "Giraffes gather around the tree by the small body of water.", "Four giraffes near a tree behind a pond.", "Giraffe standing next to a tree near a pond."]
["A herd of giraffe walking across a grass covered field.", "Many giraffes stand in a grassy field, while antelopes sit.", "some giraffes are walking around a hill and some rocks", "A group of giraffe standing in an open field.", "Giraffes standing together in an area of grass and dirt surrounded by rocks."]
["A group of giraffe standing next to a tree.", "Several giraffes stand near a tree at the base of a hill.", "Four giraffes standing together in a zoo enclosure.", "three giraffes standing around and eating by a tree", "Four giraffes are gathered outdoors beside a tree."]
["A giraffe standing next to a tall tree.", "A giraffe standing next to a tree and a pile of bowlders", "A GIRAFFE STANDING BEHIND LARGE ROCKS BESIDE A VERY TALL TREE.", "A giraffe standing in its manicured enclosure at the zoo", "A giraffe looking up at a tree behind some large rocks."]
["a white blue and red jet against a blue sky", "A photo of US Airways airplane in the sky.", "A large white jetliner flying through a blue sky.", "A US Airways plane in the air flying upward in the sky.", "a long airplane taking off in the sky"]
["A pair of giraffes and standing with a skyline in the background.", "Two giraffe together in an enclosed area, looking int he opposite direction of each other and a city skyline in the background.", "Two giraffes look out form a zoo towards the city skyline.", "Two giraffes standing in grassy area with cityscape in background.", "Two giraffes in an enclosure with a city in the background"]
["A black and white picture of vehicles and people in the street. ", "a vintage photo of a bunch of people crammed in a area ", "A crowd of people crossing a street filled with traffic.", "There are many people crossing the intersection while vehicles maneuver at the same time.", "A busy intersection with people and cars trying to move about."]
["The giraffe is standing by himself outside by the trees.", "A giraffe stretching to  eat leaves off of a tree.", "A giraffe standing next to a forest filled with trees.", "A giraffe eating the brush off of a branch. ", "a giraffe reaching up to eat some leaves "]
["A giraffe out in the wild on a cloudy day ", "A lonley giraffe is making a trek in the wild.", "A giraffe is walking through a dry grassy plain.", "A giraffe is walking in a grass field.", "a giraffe walking in a field with trees in the background"]
["A bus with a red stripe is parked on the street.", "a white, pink, black and red bus stopped at an intersection", "The front driver side wheel and driver window is shown in this zoomed on picture.  ", "There is a vehicle facing a building on the street.", "A colorful passenger bus at a city intersection."]
["A small enclosure for different types of animals.", "A giraffe stands and gazes down the pathway to the boardwalk, as the others wander around their yard.", "An aerial overview of a zoo and giraffe enclosure. ", "Overhead picture of a zoo exhibit with covers for sun.", "Giraffes walk around a clearing amid the trees."]
["a woman is sitting with a statue on a bench", "A woman holds hands with a statue on a bench.", "A woman sitting on a bench with a statue and holding its hand.", "A woman is sitting at a park bench holding her purse and with her other hand is pointing her finger up next to a bronze statue of a man.", "There is a woman sitting next to a statue on the bench."]
["A light pole sitting next to the side of a road.", "A man dressed as a crossing guard crosses the street.", "There is a traffic light near a busy street.", "Assorted vehicles make their way down a sunny street. ", "THERE IS A STREET WITH CARS PARKED ALONG SIDE OF IT "]
["A traffic light hanging off of a metal pole.", "A traffic light with a speed radar attached to it.", "A streetlight hanging from a pole over a street.", "Streetlight and number sign on pole above city and hills.", "A traffic light hanging on a street pole"]
["People standing on a sidewalk near a parked bus at night.", "A double decker bus parked near a bus stop.", "A double decker bus pulling up to a bus stop. ", "Double decker city bus stopped and taking on passengers.", "Double Decker bus stopping at a bus stop with people. "]
["A car and a bus behind a fence.", "A graffiti covered bus in a fenced in parking lot.", "The bus behind the fence has a lot of graffiti on it.", "A car is parked next to a colorfully painted bus.", "A spray painted bus is parked beside a minivan."]
["The side of a chartered bus painted with a red horse.", "A horse on the side of a bus.", "A white bus with large black windows on a street.", "A large bus is parked in its spot in the lot. ", "A bus with a horse painted on the side."]
["A tall yellow double decker bus parked next to another bus.", "A double decker bus is parked in the grass.", "A parked yellow bus in a grass field.", "Two double decker tour buses sit parked next to each other.", "A couple of big buses with two levels in a grassy lot."]
["a old bench and a small chair sitting beside it", "a bench and a chair up against a brick wall", "Looking down at a bench and chair against a brick wall", "a small bench and a chair in a brick room", "A black and white photo of a bench and a chair."]
["A group of people are waiting beside the small blue bus. ", "People are standing on the sidewalk next to a bus.", "A group of skiers boarding a bus with their skis", "some people in line waiting to board a  bus", "A group of people standing outside of a small bus."]
["A couple of women standing next to each other holding skis.", "The women are getting ready to go skiing.\n", "These individuals are dressed in ski gear and look like avid skiers.", "Two women are standing on a shuttle to the ski lodge.", "A mother and child holding their skis together. "]
["A giraffe standing next to a horse in a field.", "A giraffe and another wild animal coexist on a patch of grass.", "Giraffe and African cattle in wild park enclosure.", "A giraffe standing next to a horse in the grass.", "A giraffe that is walking in a field."]
["A city street at night with a green signal.", "a store with a window is looking out to the streets", "An outdoor street in the midst of a storm. ", "the view of a snowy street through a doorway", "AN WINDOW RIGHT BY THE STREET WITH STREET LIGHTS"]
["A couple of giraffe standing next to each other.", "A couple of giraffes looking concerned at something from their pin.", "Two giraffes walk in the dirt in their enclosure.", "Two giraffes standing in a stone fence enclosure.", "Two giraffes standing in an enclosed area with sand and grass."]
["a small herd of sheep and a ram eating grass", "One ram and three sheep grazing in high grass ", "A group of sheep grazing on green grass.", "A herd of sheep eating grass in the fields.", "A group of rams  huddled together eating grass."]
["The sheep are walking on the grass near a stream.", "a little lamb standing next to a sheep and looking at it ", "Two sheep on a hillside with a creek running beside it.", "Sheep on a grassy hillside overlooking a river. ", "The verdant valley and stream are home to this mother and baby sheep."]
["The sign is warning people not to feed the animals.", "a big giraffe stands in a caged area ", "One giraffe standing near a couple of rocks behind a wooden fence.", "A giraffe standing in a grassy area and surrounded by a wooden fence and rocks.", "A giraffe inside of a wooden fence at a zoo "]
["Several buses stopped on a night time street.", "A view of a apartment building two buses and its night time.", "a red bus parked behind a green bus on the road", "Some very big pretty city buses on the street at night.", "Several buses line a street lit up by lights."]
["Several Zebra are together through the fence. ", "A group of giraffes that are standing in the dirt.", "there are many giraffes that are together at this zoo", "Several giraffes and a baby giraffe move through their enclosure.", "Several giraffes that are together in an enclosure."]
["A passanger bus stopped on a street advertising a dinosaur exhibit.", "a bus driving on the street next to a victorian style building", "A metro bus with a dinosaur billboard is passing by an architectural residential building.", "A bus stopped in front of a white building", "A large white transit bus is parked by the side of the street in front of some buildings in the city."]
["A big red bus parked on the street near a city", "Tourists riding in a British double-decker bus that is making a stop.", "a big red bus that is parked next to a building", "A double decker bus sitting in the middle of a road.", "A red double deck bus parked with many passengers aboard."]
["A road with cars and buses near a building.", "a row of small businesses alongside of a road", "A red bus sits outside of a red brick building.", "a store on the corner of the street with people going past", "A red double decker bus driving past a building ."]
["a person that is feeding a big giraffe", "The young woman is petting the large giraffe.", "A woman petting a giraffe as she stands in the back of a truck.", "A woman petting a giraffe's nose with a ranger standing by.", "A woman stands in the bed of a truck and reaches to pet a giraffe."]
["A large red double decker bus traveling down a busy street in London.", "A woman walking up to a double decker bus that has stopped.", "A European street scene with a bus and people. ", "A double-decker bus rides alongside the curb on the street.", "A red double decker bus on a busy street."]
["This but has a movie advertisement on the back.", "A bus driving down a city street next to tall buildings.", "A bus with a movie advertisement on the back is stopped at a bus stop.", "A movie advertisement on the back of a bus.", "A city bus parked at the curb "]
["Articulated bus and taxi in light traffic crossing an intersection.", "A neon green taxi is next to a long bus.", "Long white passenger bus passing by a yellow taxi. ", "A bus driving down the street next to a taxi. ", "A bus driving down the street beside a taxi cab."]
["a fogy picture with a red light in the back ground", "A stop light that is behind a glass.", "A traffic light sitting next to a building with its red blurred.", "a blurry image of a street light with a red streak on the picture", "A blurry image of a stop light on a street corner."]
["The white paint is chipping off of the guard rail.", "a person on the street with a bike moving", "A white fence with a picture of a cartoon character with a blacked out eye.", "a sticker on the end of a fence ", "A post with a sticker on it in a city"]
["The giraffe has it's head against the tree trunk.", "A giraffe scratching an itch on a palm tree.", "A giraffe that is standing in the grass.", "A giraffe standing in the grass near rocks and a tree.", "A giraffe standing next to a pile of rocks and a tree."]
["a street light that is covered in dirt and rust", "a stop light with some dirt on it ", "a close up of a traffic light ", "An old, dusty stoplight that no longer works. ", "A yellow traffic light with a set of three different colors."]
["A giraffe standing next to leaf filled trees.", "The head of a giraffe with trees behind it.", "The head of a giraffe surrounded by leaves", "A sunlit giraffe's head and neck against a background of trees.", "A giraffe is standing near some green, leafy trees."]
["A person sitting on top of a wooden bench near a field.", "A person is sitting on a bench looking out at the field.", "A woman seated on a wooden bench next to a field", "A man sitting on a bench gazing out at a field.", "Woman sitting on bench, reading overlooking fenced pasture."]
["A bus heading to Mission Ferry Plaza waiting for passengers.", "A woman driving a bus going to Mission Ferry Plaza.", "A bus driving under power lines and beside a building.", "A city bus is being driven down the street by a woman.", "There is a long transit bus with an Asian driver."]
["Two people sitting on a bench looking out at city.", "A man and woman sitting on a park bench", "A man and a woman sitting on a park bench", "The elderly couple is sitting on the park bench looking at the view of interesting buildings.", "A couple of men sitting on a bench next to a harbor."]
["Traditional view of crowded city residences with big bridge at the end of the street.", "there is a old photo with many buildings and a bridge in the background ", "A black and white photo shows buildings along the Brooklyn bridge.", "A bridge lays at the end of a city street with tall buildings.", "This is an urban area with many apartment buildings and a bridge in the background."]
["A red double decker bus driving past a river.", "A double decker bus parked near the water ", "A double-decker bus parked next to a body of water.", "A double decker bus parked by the water", "A double decker bus sitting in front of a mountain."]
["There is a red fire hydrant in the middle of a sidewalk", "a person sitting on the stoop of a building near a fire hydrant", "A red fire hydrant and a man by a building.", "A sidewalk with a red fire hydrant and a homeless man.", "A person sitting along a wall near a fire hydrant."]
["A red double-decker bus parked on a helicopter pad.", "A red double decker bus parked in a lot.", "A red double decked bus is on a tarmac.", "A modern double decker red tour bus with an ad on the side for \"singin in the rain\".", "Red double deck bus with Singin in the Rain advertisement banner, on heliport area."]
["A simple wooden bench is in the woods.", "An old bench made from the trunk of a tree sitting in the woods.", "A green bench sitting in a forest filled with leaves.", "A bench made from a split log in the middle of the forest.", "A wood bench in the forest with fallen leaves everywhere near trees. "]
["A herd of animals in the middle of a grassy field.", "many animals in a very large field with a sky in the background", "A rancher rides a horse alongside a herd of livestock.", "The sheep are being herded in the field. ", "A herd of sheep grazing in an open field."]
["A bench sits in the a garden park. ", "A bench in a beautiful well cleaned park", "A park bench in grass by a tree and shrubbery.", "A brown wooden bench sitting in a nice green park.", "A bench in this garden provides a quiet place to sit. "]
["a  man shearing the wool off a sheep ", "a man shaving a sheep who is upside down ", "Man using shear to remove wool from sheep in outdoor courtyard.", "A man shearing the wool off of a sheep", "a man in blue a sheep and a house"]
["A man shaves a sheep on pavement near a fence.", "A sheep being sheared by a man in blue coveralls.", "The sheep is being sheared by the man wearing blue.", "A man standing in front of a house sheering a sheep.", "A man has a sheep that he is grooming"]
["A bench and trees on top of a hill.", "A picnic table sitting under a tree on the top of a hill.", "An empty park bench on top of a big hill.", "A bench under a tree in a remote area on a sunny day ", "A few trees are growing in a barren area."]
["A yellow tax sitting next to a car with lots of yellow bananas.", "A yellow taxi pulls up to the curb for passengers.", "A TAXI IS PARKED ON THE STREET IN THE CITY ", "A yellow taxi on a city street corner with a couple of people talking to the driver.", "a yellow taxi and  some buildings a street and people"]
["there is a red bus that is parked outside", "A blue bus parked in front of a building.", "A tall bus parked in front of a restaurant.", "A big blue and black bus parked near a building", "A blue bus parked in front of a building."]
["A silver and red fire hydrant sitting next to a street.", "A silver fire hydrant sits on a grassy area near a street.", "a silver and red fire hydrant and a white house", "a hydrant beside the road and well locked", "A fire silver and red fire hydrant is in the grass near a curb."]
["A close-up of the top of a fire hydrant with a train in the background.", "A rusted hydrant with a train in the background.", "A yellow fire hydrant next to a train track.", "A TRAIN IS COMING NEAR A HYRDO FOUNTAIN", "A train traveling past a yellow rusted fire hydrant."]
["A bunch of goats are eating out of a box", "Several sheep are eating out of the same food container.", "A group of sheep gather around a bin to eat food.", "Many goats and other animals eat from a bucket. ", "Several goats and sheep eat from a small trough next to a fence."]
["A blue and silver fire hydrant sitting on a field of dirt.", "a blue and silver  fire hydrant in a green field.", "A blue fire hydrant near the black and white area. ", "Bright blue and silver fire hydrant next to a field.", "a black and white picture of a blue fire hydrant. "]
["A red fire hydrant sitting on a slab of cement in a patch of grass.", "a fire hydrant outside of a building with two red indicators ", "A fire hydrant between two red poles sits next to a wall.", "A red and white fire hydrant between two red barriers.", "The red fire hydrant is on the side of the building. "]
["A fire is going near four lounge chairs. ", "A backyard garden with a fire pit in the middle", "A couple of chairs and some flowers on the ground.", "Stairs lead down towards a fire between benches in a garden.", "This looks like the setting of an outdoor meeting place."]
["An overhead view shows many busses parked in a lot.", "Articulated commuter buses lined up and parked together", "Fleet of busses parked next to each other in lot.", "A full view of some buses parked in the parking lot. ", "A group of white and green busses in a parking lot."]
["A long, yellow school bus sitting in grass.", "A side view of a school bus in a lot.", "A long yellow school bus parked in a grassy field", "An old school bus parked on grass with it's door partially open.", "A school bus parked in a grassy area. "]
["Three white sheep traveling down a paved residential street.", "Three white sheep walking down a town road.", "Three sheep walk down a road with no cars. ", "A group of animals that are walking down the street.", "THREE SHEEP IN SMALL TOWN WANDERING DOWN THE ROAD UNDISTURBED"]
["Cars and a bus driving down a busy road.", "A large long bus and some vehicles on a street.", "A trash truck, a bus and other vehicles travelling on a busy street.", "a long bus is crossing in front of a s.u.v", "a fire truck bus and line of vehicles in the street"]
["A person standing next to a  wooden bench near street lights.", "THERE IS A PERSON THAT IS STANDING ON THE SHORE NEXT TO A BENCH\n", "A person standing beside the water at sunset", "Someone standing hear a park bench and watching the sunset.", "Someone walking at a park near the water. "]
["A herd of sheep in an open snowy field", "A herd of sheep walking along a snow covered path.", "A group of sheep standing in a snowy yard outside a barn.", "The flock of sheep are gathering in order to stay warm", "A herd of sheep move together in the snow."]
["A wildebeest walking with a giraffe in the distance.", "A field with various animals, trees, and shrubbery.", "a giraffe in the distance a black animal and some trees", "A wild animal walking across a dry grass filled field.", "A wildebeest walking in a field with a giraffe in the background."]
["People getting on and off the bus parked by the curb.", "A city block features a grey and red bus and several people are near it and have luggage.", "People get on and off the bus parked at a bus stop.", "A bus is stopped along a road while passengers unload.", "A bus is loading or unloading passengers on a street."]
["A giraffe laying on the ground next to birds on rocky ground.", "A giraffe relaxes on the ground while bird looks on", "A giraffe is sitting down with birds nearby.", "A giraffe laying down in the dirt at a zoo.", "A giraffe is resting in its habitat in the zoo."]
["A red bus driving past a group of passengers.", "People on a city street about to get on the bus.", "People getting on a bus in England near a town.", "Bus on a town street with people walking by.", "A red bus stopped on a street next to a sidewalk."]
["An elderly giraffe with a mottled forehead looks at the camera.", "A giraffe with bumps on its head next to a tree.", "The head of a giraffe amongst trees in a natural setting.", "A giraffe standing in front of a tree. ", "There is a adult griaffee that is in the photo looking at something"]
["A double decker bus on a road next to a cyclist and two people walking.", "A red double decker bus on street next to buildings.", "The double-decker bus is about to pass a biker and two pedestrians on the city street.", "a red double decker bus some buildings and people", "A two story bus moving down the steet."]
["A red and white bus parked under an over pass.", "A long bus is stopped next to a blue bridge.", "A bus going under a blue steel bridge.", "A large white bus driving under a blue bridge", "A red and white bus sits below a blue overpass."]
["a dog carrying a bird in its mouth", "A brown dog holding a duck in it's mouth.", "a big dog carries a dead bird in its mouth ", "A dog that is in the grass holding a bird.", "A dog is carrying a bird in its mouth."]
["A red fire hydrant on a concrete block.", "A fire hydrant with one outlet open but no water coming out.", "A fire hydrant stand on top of a concrete block.", "A bright red colored fire hydrant in front of a tattered wall.", "a red fire hydrant sitting in front of a stucco wall "]
["A red bus parked in front of a building on the side of a street.", "A bus parked on the side of the road", "Red bus coming down street toward camera with building in background.", "The bus is on the street and buildings are in the background.", "A red city bus parked by the curb of the street"]
["Two red buses are passing on the street.", "A bus pulls up to a stop with people at it.", "Two buses at bus stop with people on sidewalk", "a public transit bus on a city street", "Passengers walking to a bus pulled up to a bus stop."]
["some sheep eating grass in front of a rock", "a group of animals graze on some grass ", "Rams graze in a field next to large rocks", "Large stones dot a green grassy field where animals graze.", "Cows are in a pasture along with bails of hay."]
["A picture of a fire hydrant that is cut in half.", "A busted up fire hydrant sitting in the middle of a sidewalk.", "A broken fire hydrant is shown on this empty street.", "A fire hydrant with the top missing and a puddle of water around it.", "A yellow fire hydrant that is next to the side of the road."]
["A fire hydrant placed in the street just off the curb.", "A fire hydrant standing on the side of a quiet street.", "a yellow fire hydrant on an empty road", "A yellow fire hydrant at the side of a road.", "A fire hydrant is next to the curb."]
["Two giraffes standing side by side at a zoo in front of a large city.", "Two giraffes standing next to each other in an enclosure.", "Two giraffes standing near a pole with a city in the background.", "Two giraffes standing by a small fence, with bushes in the background.", "Two giraffes in an enclosure near a body of water. "]
["A man taking a picture of two giraffes", "A person that is taking a picture of some animals.", "A man takes a photo of two giraffes at the zoo.", "The man photographs two giraffes interacting with each other.", "Two giraffe standing next to each other near a man."]
["Red and white fire hydrant sitting on the side of a city street. ", "A red fire hydrant sitting on a brick sidewalk.", "A red and silver fire hydrant on sidewalk next to building.", "A fire hydrant on a brick road in a city, with a street light and street sign in the background. ", "A close image of a red fire hydrant on a brick sidewalk"]
["A white bus driving down a street near buildings.", "A city bus is lit up on the side of the street.", "Electric bus stopped on the side of a street.", "A bus pulled over on the side of the road in front of a line of parked cars. ", "A large long bus on a city street."]
["A fire hydrant next to an old brick building.", "A fire hydrant is shown on a sidewalk with a brick building nearby. ", "A fire hydrant on a sidewalk with a brick building in the background.", "A fire hydrant is sitting in front of a building.", "Fire hydrant on a street in front of brick building."]
["A green and white bus pulling into a bus stop.", "A bus parked at a city pick up location.", "AN overhead view of a city street and snowy field", "Large city bus at a stop with a field of snow next to it. ", "a bus parking on the side of the road behind a truck"]
["a long green and white bus driving down the road ", "A double length metro bus drives down a city street.", "The city bus is traveling down the street.", "A street with a green and white city bus traveling on it and other vehicles behind it.", "A bus and cars driving down the road."]
["A group of three rams going through the grass.", "three ibex moving across a grassy area towards something", "a close up of three goats in a field near one another ", "Three horned goats running through an enclosed field.", "A group of rams that are walking in the grass."]
["A sheep standing near some black sheep on a field.", "Three goats are walking along a grassy field.", "three goats trot briskly across a grassy field", "some goats walking in a line around the yard ", "three goats standing together in a grass field"]
["a toy elephant sitting in a toy cage with toy people standing outside", "There are elephants in this toy zoo model.", "A toy figure display of an elephant, in a cage.", "this is a toy elephant and toy people", "Several small toys are setup in the model of a zoo."]
["A painting of a man herding sheep in the field.", "A young boy is herding rams with a stick.", "a number of animals in a field with trees near by", "Herd of goats in grassy area with herder.", "The 3D image shows a man herding a group of animals."]
["A bright patio umbrella stands out against the plain white building.", "A pigeon flying near white beams of a building", "A bird is near a white overhang near a red umbrella.", "View up a balcony where you can only see a parasol.", "View of top of a white building with tan speckled area, an uncovered awning with a pigeon in fight below, and a red umbrella behind balcony wall."]
["A rain soaked pigeon sitting on a fence.", "a black bird perched on a black rail outside\n", "a bird sitting on a black fence with  dot spots", "Fluffy big pigeon sits on the rail enjoying the weather", "Black crow sitting on a black fence near a field."]
["A picture of a two-story bus by the street.", "Two level bus parked curb side in the city.", "A double decker colorful bus is parked on the road.", "a double deckered bus with trees in the background", "a multiple colored coach bus is waiting on the street"]
["Several green buses parked in a parking lot with people walking by", "The city buses are all parked together in the lot. ", "People getting on and off buses at a bus station.", "A group of people walking away from a tour bus in a parking lot.", "People are walking along a number of busses in a station."]
["A bus stopped in front of a tall red building.", "A tour bus parked in the street alongside commercial buildings.", "A bus is parked on the side of a road.", "a blue and white bus parked on the side of the road ", "A blue and white bus is parked in front of a brick red building."]
["A bus that is sitting in the street.", "A passenger bus that has parked on the side of the street.", "A multicolored bus with Russian lettering on the back parked by a sidewalk. ", "A yellow and orange bus stopped on the side of a road.", "A large passenger bus is on the street."]
["Double Decker trolley stopped by sidewalk in city. ", "a public transit bus on a city street ", "A red double-decker bus at an enclosed downtown bus stop.", "Double Decker bus parked at bus stop in city street.", "A double decker bus waiting at a bus stop."]
["A park covered in leaves filled with lots of trees.", "An autumn scene with a red bus and some cars. ", "A red bus next to a leaf covered area with trees.", "A field completely covered with leaves near the road.", "A red bus is a nice contrast to the yellow fall leaves."]
["A bird is flying away from the person", "A large bird flying next to a tall building.", "A picture of a large bird flying over a railing. ", "A bird is in flight next to a building window.", "i think this is a photo of two birds in flight"]
["A tour bus downtown with yoga ads all over it.", "A large two story bus driving down a street.", "A double Decker bus that has people riding it. ", "A bus traveling down the street with an advertisement on the back.", "The open roof tour bus has an advertisement of people doing yoga."]
["An eagle is posted on a thin rail.", "A large bird perched outside someones glass door", "A large bird hanging outside of a window with an open curtain.", "A hawk sitting on a railing outside of a window.", "There is a brown bird sitting outside of a glass door."]
["A bird perched on a metal bar next to the sea", "A bird sitting on a ledge outside a window.", "A gray bird perched on a railing with city buildings in the background.", "a small parrot is perched outside on the balcony", "A small bird sitting on a rail outside."]
["A large white bird flying over a rock cliff side.", "A seagull flying through the sky by a cliff side.", "A sevoflurane high above the beach with the guy about", "A seagull flying in the sky, with a mountain in the background.", "A seagull flies in close-up with a hilltop in the background. "]
["A building with a sign that reads One India Buildings.", "A sign is attached to a building wall.", "The sign that is on the side of a building.", "Building name plate displayed on ornate decorated wall.", "A sign mounted to the front of a stone building."]
["A small bird picking at pebbles on a beach.", "A small bird poking around in some rocks by the edge of the water.", "a close up of a small bird on small rocks near a body of water", "A small bird is walking amongst the rocks.", "A bird looking for food on a rocky shore."]
["A parking sign is displaying spaces available on a city street", "Several cars are traveling on a city street.", "A road sigh along a busy city street advertising parking spaces.", "A road sign displays how many parking spaces are left in a parking garage.", "Car driving on a city street, beneath a large informational sign."]
["a sign showing stop on the street besides buildings", "A table and chairs are outside of a building near a stop sign.", "A stop sign on a city corner near patio furniture", "An intersection with a stop sign in a city.", "The corner of a street in a city "]
["a bird ready to take off an edge made of cement ", "A seagull standing with wings extended on block wall near the water.", "A seagull is perched next to the ocean.", "A bird on a wall with water and town in back.", "A big bird standing on a wall stretching it's wings."]
["two giraffes standing on a dirt  platform in a stone enclosure.", "Two giraffes on sandy area next to a rock wall.", "Two giraffes in a rock enclosure at a zoo.", "Two giraffes on a field with rocks surrounding it.", "a couple of giraffes standing around by a big rock wall "]
["A photo of a skinny road between buildings.", "An empty alley with a sign stating no right turns allowed.", "A sign hangs at the entrance of a very narrow street alerting no left turn can be made.", "A red parking sign in an alley with tall buildings.", "a no turning sign is hanging off the side of a building"]
["This is a bird looking in the direction of a tree. ", "A pelican standing next to a fruit tree.", "A long legged bird walking by a fruit tree", "A white stork on the edge of a tree line.", "A tall white bird next to a treat bearing fruit."]
["A building in a grassy area with a sign indicating which way", "A sign in front of a building that says \"This Way\" on it.", "A white sign that is standing in the grass.", "A stately looking building stands in the background of a 'this way' sign. ", "A directional sign in front of a large white building"]
["A stoplight in a city with trees in background", "A traffic light turns green at the intersection with Williams Street.", "A traffic light at an intersection at Williams Street", "A street light with traffic signals and a street sign.", "The sign designating the intersection of Williams Street."]
["A yellow and black bird perched on top of a wooden branch.", "a yellow blue and white bird on a branch", "There is a small yellow and black bird perched on a limb.", "A bird sitting on a branch. The bird is yellow and black in color.", "The yellow and blue bird is standing on a branch."]
["A sign hanging off the side of a wooden pole.", "An ad for a plumbing company is stapled to a telephone pole.", "A plumbing sign hangs on a pole next to a road.", "a big long pole with a white sign on it", "A utility pole with a sign nailed to it on a city street."]
["a small bird on a branch in a tree", "A bird is sitting next to the tree.", "A bird perched on top of a branch in a tree.", "A spotted bird on a green tree branch.", "A bird sitting on an evergreen tree in a forest."]
["a small bird is standing on a tree outside", "A bird is puffed up on a branch.", "The bird is perched on a limb on a tree.", "A bird that is perched on a branch.", "A bird is sitting on a branch with leaves."]
["A stuffed bear that is in a train seat.", "a stuffed bear is laying on a seat", "A toy truck and a stuffed bear sit on an empty train bench.", "Teddy bear and fire truck on a subway car seat.", "A stuffed animal and a fire truck toy on a subway seat"]
["Woodpeckers on the side of trees during the day.", "two photos of a small bird on the side of a tree", "Two shots of a redheaded bird perched on a tree trunk.", "A bird perched on the side of a tall tree.", "The birds are on the side of the trees."]
["A group of people fishing next to a railroad bridge.", "Men are fishing on the beach below a train trestle.", "There are a few people at the edge of the water fishing.", "A man standing on the shore next to a river.", "A train passes over the fishermen on the river."]
["A red white and blue train is pulled up at the passenger station.", "A train pulling into a train station with people waiting on the platform.", "Some people waiting to get on a train.", "A commuter train sitting at a station while passengers stand on the platform.", "A passenger train pulling into the station where people are standing."]
["a sign out side a very tall building.", "This pole has several signs and a satellite on it.", "A parking meter sign and parking ticket machine.", "A few street signs with one pointing to a ticket meter.", "A parking meter next to a pole wit street signs on it."]
["Sepia photograph of two women petting a horse.", "A lad and a lady patting their favorite horse.", "Two ladies standing near a stable petting a horse.", "two ladies wearing hats holding a horse in astable", "black and white photo of 2 women touching a horse"]
["A train coming up to a railroad crossing.", "THIS IS A TRAIN RUNNING ALONG SIDE OF A LARGE BODY OF WATER", "a large train is on the track going by the ocean", "A train about to cross a railroad crossing.", "A freight train approaches a railroad crossing signal on tracks bordered by water."]
["A group of young ladies riding on the back of a horse.", "Five women are sitting on the top of a horse.", "A group of kids on the back of a single horse", "Young girls are riding on the same horse.", "All of the women are riding on a horse."]
["Sheep and lambs with green paint on their backs.", "A dog laying in the grass next to baby sheep.", "A dog laying on the ground playing with a couple of lambs.", "Two lambs approach a border collie while other sheep eat from a trough.", "A black and white dog sitting on a grass covered field."]
["A large building with a tower and clock on top.", "The Central Railway Station tracks in an old photograph.", "there are train tracks that lead in to a train station", "Train tracks go into a building on both sides.", "A train is stopped at the station in an old photo."]
["some people are running on a road and a green and white sign", "A group of people that are running in the street.", "A crowd of people walking down a highway next to a green sign.", "a couple of people walking on a highway ", "a large group of people is running down the interstate"]
["Men sorting through a toppled over train car. ", "A train has crashed and people are looking in the windows.", "A group of men inspecting a train wreck.", "People trying to rescue other people from a train wreck.", "A wrecked train with lots of people searching through the windows."]
["A large white sheep and two baby black sheep in barn", "A sheep standing next to a baby black sheep.", "A large sheep standing in the hay on the ground.", "A mother sheep with two black baby sheeps.", "Farm animal with her baby standing in the straw."]
["A photo of a busy city with cranes and a train and bridge", "A train rolls by a bright yellow building. ", "A rooftop view of a train depot and a new building being built across the tracks from it.", "A city scene containing train tracks, a bridge, and a building under construction.", "Construction going up in industrial section of city."]
["A young woman underneath a clear bubble umbrella", "the woman is holding a clear umbrella and wearing a blue hat", "A woman in a transparent and pink umbrella on a street.", "A woman props an umbrella over her while it rains", "WOMAN WALKING DOWN THE ROAD UNDER A CLEAR UMBRELLA."]
["A man operating a very small park train going down a track.", "a small red and gray train with people grass and trees", "A small train carries people through a park.", "A small passenger kid's train traveling down the tracks.", "a small group of people riding a little red train "]
["A train traveling over a bridge over a body of water.", "a bridge is on the far side of a river", "A very big bridge with its image reflected in the water.", "A bridge that has a train going over it. ", "A train is crossing a metal bridge over a river. "]
["a large area of water and a bridge", "A river with an older concrete railroad bridge over it. ", "A man is taking a picture of a bridge.", "the shadow of the photographer on some high grass in front of a river and bridge", "A person's shadow is in the grass by the water over which a bridge passes."]
["A bird that is flying above the flowers.", "The birds are flying high up in the sky.", "A view of a bunch of birds flying around purple flowers.", "small humming bird flying in a tree with purple flowers", "a small bird flying near a tree bench with a blurry background "]
["A bridge that crosses over a body of water. ", "A train bridge over a river next to a forest.", "A black and white photo of a train bridge crossing a river.", "Two bridges across a river, one bridge only goes half way.", "A railroad trestle and an incomplete bridge crossing a river."]
["A rose blooms next to a train track.", "flowers growing by a wood rail fence and a train", "The train is passing by the garden with the pink rose.", "There is a pink flower and in the distance is a train.", "A flower grows between the concrete side of the road."]
["A pole with traffic signs and street signs. ", "Street signs indicating names of streets and a one way direction.", "three street signs giving street names and a direction sign", "Allen Street is a one way street according to the sign at Allen and Houston.", "A street post with street signs and a one way sign on it, along with a building in the background."]
["An old luncheonette sign on a corner by a street sign", "A cocacola sign over a sidewalk area against a blue sky", "A vintage luncheonette sign advertising cola on a city street.", "A sign for a lunch place called \"Cup and Saucer Luncheonette\".", "A restaurant hanging from the side of a building."]
["A mother bird and her offspring walk in a meadow.", "A flock of birds walking across a green field.", "An adult turkey is with several baby turkeys on a grass area.", "A female turkey with three of her young", "An adult chicken with its baby chickens standing in the grass. "]
["A man in blue hat pointing towards a street.", "A man pointing in the opposite direction of the one way sign above him.", "a person pointing at something on the street. ", "A man in a blue hat pointing towards the street. ", "A man in a blue cap is pointing on a street corner."]
["an image of an aerial view of cars in a parking lot", "A parking lot filled with a few cars next to a train.", "a parking lot next to a building with an SUV parked outside of it.", "A nearly empty parking lot near a railroad station", "cars parked in a parking lot with a sky background"]
["Two large birds walking through a field together. ", "Large birds walk through a vast open field.", "The birds are walking around in the grass", "A bird standing in the middle of a field grazing.", "Two birds standing in the grass near each other."]
["A man with a chef outfit is talking on the phone.", "Man wearing white coat and cap with cel phone up to his ear.", "A chef in a uniform talking on a cell phone.", "A person that is walking with his cell phone.", "A man in a chef uniform talking on a cell phone."]
["a home made stop sign in the middle of nowhere", "A vertical sign at the top of a vast overlook reads STOP.", "An old sign that says stop on top of a big mountain. ", "Wooden stop sign on a dry rocky mountain path.", "A Stop sign on top of a mountain looking down at a valley."]
["A collection of artwork leaning against a wooden fence.", "A collection of poster arts lined up on the fence.", "A collection of paintings against a fence outside.", "Several paintings leaning against a fence in the grass. ", "large set of personal paintings sitting on the side of a fence."]
["Awoman is standing beside a stop sign in a museum.", "A woman standing next to a red stop sign with street signs.", "A woman is standing next to a stop sign", "A museum exhibit featuring a large stop sign.", "A woman leans on a lit up stop sign at an art exhibit."]
["People standing in front of a large sign in front of a building. ", "A couple of men standing outside of a building in front of a sign.", "Two men stand by an Iraq protest sign.", "A couple of people reading some signs on the side of a building.", "Two people are standing alongside a sign with a megaphone and wreath sitting on the pavement."]
["A picture of a train going on the train tracks.", "A train makes its way across a country hillside.", "A yellow train going through a rural, hilly area.", "a yellow train travels on a train tack through a field", "The train is going down the train tracks. "]
["A man walking towards a stop sign on the sidewalk.", "A police officer is walking down the sidewalk.", "A police officer walking down a busy street.", "A police officer walking down a city street with a stop sign, buildings, and parked cars in the background.", "A policeman walks down the street by the stop sign."]
["An antique train engine stands proudly in the glow of late afternoon light.", "A very nice looking train near a high ridge.", "An old train is lit up at a festival.", "A train monument  sitting on a bed of rocks and flowers.", "An old train has the number seventy one on the front."]
["The train is for decoration out in the front of the building. ", "An old fashion train is on display on a brick stand. ", "An old train engine sits on the track.", "A train parked in front of a group of buildings.", "A retired train is parked on the rock for show. "]
["A large truck on the side of a street.", "a yellow caboose that is no longer used on a train", "a train near a tree near a building", "An old yellow train car is sitting by a building.", "a train car that is parked out by a building"]
["there is a stop sign at the end of this cross walk", "A group of people crossing a street next to a stop sign.", "People are jogging and riding bikes near a street crosswalk.", "A bicycle, pedestrians and runners cross at a crosswalk.", "People are walking on a walking trail while crossing the street."]
["A man in a dress and two men in pants with a bus.", "Three men, one carrying a backpack facing a train.", "A group of people prepare to board a large bus.", "People standing on the sidewalk outside public transportation. ", "People waiting for the bus to stop so they can board."]
["A man that is walking next to a train.", "A man walking next to a blue and yellow train.", "A man wearing a backpack walking by a passenger train.", "a person walking on a train station platform", "The person wearing the backpack is walking beside of the bus."]
["The freight train is passing underneath the bridge. ", "A train that is sitting on a track.", "A train riding under a highway overpass as it passes through the forest.", "a train going underneath a bridge and beside some trees ", "this is a train riding under a bridge"]
["Train cars and a dry stream-bed along a roadside.", "A train going over a bridge in a dry climate.", "A train traveling over a bridge suspended over a dirt road.", "A freight train crosses over a bridge above a dry river bed.", "A train is crossing on an overpass near a billboard."]
["A blue car in gravel parking lot next to bushes and street signs.", "A car is shown behind signs with part missing.", "A car parked behind two pole with a mirror between them making it look like the car is cut in half.", "An image is digitally changed to show a section missing from a parked car.", "Blue car parked next to a parking meter."]
["A woman wearing a camera strap around her neck.", "A woman looking directly at the camera with a passenger train in the background.", "A woman is in a train station with a camera strapped around her neck. ", "A person in a train station looks into the camera with a neutral expression.", "An Asian woman at the train station looking at the camera."]
["A metal parking meter sitting in a parking garage.", "a parking meter in a covered parking lot.", "An antique parking meter sits in a covered garage.", "A blue, metallic parking meter with a yellow number six.", "An old gray parking meter with the word hour on it."]
["A bunch of people inside a crowded subway train. ", "A very crowded public train has its doors open on the platform. ", "A busy subway train filled to capacity with people standing near the door", "The subway train is crowded with people this time of day.", "a bunch of people pile into a tiny subway train"]
["A Fed Ex delivery truck driving head on into an SUV.", "A FedEx truck is parked in front of an oncoming car.", "Delivery truck waiting at traffic light behind car. ", "A Fed Ex truck is headed up a hill in California.", "A FedEx truck waits at the bottom of a San Francisco hill."]
["a large white boats is pulled up to a dock", "A very large cruise ship sitting next to a parking lot.", "This cruise ship sits at the dock awaiting passengers", "Cruise ships don't look this big in TV commercials.", "A large cruse ship in port as a pickup pulling a much smaller boat drives near."]
["a big dog leans out the window of a car", "A very cute big dog hanging out of a car window.", " a dog sticking his head out the window of a moving vehicle", "A yellow lab is looking at the camera man from the truck window.", "A dog that is looking out a of car window."]
["A long road in the middle of no where with some cars on it.", "A car toting animals on a road. ", "Three vehicles driving down a road with one carrying some animals. ", "A rural road is occupied by farm vehicles. ", "A truck that is driving on the road with some horses in the back."]
["A man standing in front of an old truck.", "A man stands next to a truck with a full load.", "A man that is standing in front of a truck.", "A man stands next to a truck filled with bananas.", "A man standing in front of a truck on a road."]
["A photo with many buildings off of a street with trucks parked in front.", "An old picture of a scene in a city ", "A black and white picture of a building with horses, wagons, and vehicles parked on the side of the road. ", "This an old fashion picture of trucks and a horse drawn carriage in front of some apartment buildings.", "A horse pulling a cart with luggage and a truck nearby in a city street"]
["Two UPS trucks are parked side by side beside a building. ", "a big usp bus that is next to a building", "Two delivery trucks are parked back to back.", "Two back to back delivery trucks next to a school", "A pair of ups trucks traveling down the road."]
["There is a truck full of people in front of a building. ", "An old building has asian writing on it.", "An old truck parked next to an Asian building", "An image of a Eastern town with a parked van outside ", "A building on a street corner is in disrepair."]
["there is a cow standing in the water by a boat", "A cow in a shallow lake stares at a canoe.", "A cow in the shallow end of a lake near a canoe.", "a cow partially submerged standing near a body of water ", "A cow that is out in the lake."]
["A man spraying the side of a van with spray paint.", "A man is spray painting on a van.", "A man spray paints graffiti on the side of a van.", "A man painting graffiti on a van in a parking lot", "A man spray painting a van that is already heavily graffiti-ed. "]
["a ups truck on a city street near trees ", "A UPS truck is sitting in front of cars on the side of the street.", "A ups truck is traveling down the city street", "A UPS truck driving down a city street.", "A UPS truck is double parked outside a business building."]
["A truck parked near a tall pile of hay", "old farm truck dumping mulch in a pile", "a green truck a stack of hay and some trees", "A truck parked next to a pile of hay", "An old truck is parked near a pile of straw."]
["a pink truck with a wine bottle on the side", "A street scene of a pink truck with Allure Pink Moscato on the side.", "a pink truck that has an allure sign on it", "A pink delivery trucked filled with bottles of alcohol.", "Bright pink Truck advertising Allure parked in front of a building."]
["A model of a red cow wearing a pink top hat outside of a building.", "A cow statue is suspended from the roof by chains. ", "Statue of pink cow with hat outside apartment building.", "A sculpture of a red cow is on a building.", "A dummy cow hanging from a building next to windows"]
["The black  cat was laying on the floor", "A cat lying on the floor next to a bookbag, records, and a suitcase.", "A black and white image of a cat, a couple of bags and a bunch of records.", "A black cat laying on a wood floor near a suitcase.", "A black cat in a black and white picture lays next to a isle of junk"]
["A view of a grassy field, with cows in the back.", "Cows are grazing in the open field next to the building.", "a bunch of cows out in  some grass by a fence", "A grass field with animals and buildings behind them.", "GRazing cows behind a fence in front of several buildings."]
["A cat laying next to a pair of shoes on a hard wood floor.", "A very cute cat laying with some shoes.", "A cat that is laying on a rug playing with a shoe.", "A fluffy cat sitting on the floor with a pair of shoes", "A cat lying on a mat on the floor beside a pair of shoes. "]
["a green truck that is parked in a parking lot", "A green vintage truck is shown with designs.", "A very nice looking pretty green old style truck.", "Old pickup truck and cars at a car show. ", "a classic green track is parked at a show"]
["A red smart phone sitting on top of a wooden table.", "Small red cellphone sitting on a wooden desk. ", "a cell phone lying on a dining table.", "A red, older model cell phone sitting on a table.", "A black and red cellphone on a wooden table."]
["a cow that is next to a motorcycle", "A cow lying on the ground in a street.", "A cow relaxing in the middle of path, as commuters pass", "A cow that is laying down in the street.", "A cow laying in a street next to a motorcycle."]
["A cat laying on top of a suitcase laying on the floor. ", "A large cat laying on a brown suitcase.", "A cat laying down on a brown suitcase.", "A cat lying on a suit case with a curious look.", "A cat lying lazily on top of a suitcase."]
["A man kneeling down to a black cat on luggage.", "A man puts his head on his cat sitting on a suitcase.", "A man says goodbye to his cat sitting on his luggage", "A man resting his forehead on a cat sitting on luggage.", "A man has his face up to a cat on a suitcase."]
["pretty cat hiding inside of a brown suitcase", "Grey cat peaking out of a brown suitcase.", "I am unable to see an image above.", "House cat hiding in a partially open suitcase.", "A tabby cat standing in a partially closed brown suitcase. "]
["A cat sleeping in a large piece of luggage.", " a cat sleeping under some kind of covering.", "A cat half out of an open suit cases pocket taking a nap.", "Sleeping tabby cat laying among cat scratching post and sleeping bag.", "a cat laying partially in a suitcase with part of it sticking out "]
["A man is scratching the cat on the head.", "The cat is laying down while someone rubs it's head", "The left hand of a man petting a bobcat.", "A man scratches the head of a relaxing house cat.", "this tabby cat must trust this man since she is showing her stomach"]
["A furry cat sits on a blue chair. ", "A cat that is sitting on a green fold out chair.", "A cat with a somber look while sitting on a chair.", "Multi colored cat sitting on the seat of a folding chair", "Calico cat discontentedly lying on blue folding chair."]
["A herd of cattle grazing on the side of a hill.", "Three cows eating grass in the background is a barn.", "The cows are grazing grass on the farm", "a farm with three cows grazing near the barn", "Four cows are eating grass on a hillside."]
["A white van covered in spray paint next to buildings.", "A spray painted van with the hub caps missing", "a parked van with graffiti painted all over it", "A white van is covered with graffiti as it's parked near a curb.", "A van covered with graffiti parked on the sidewalk."]
["People are walking by a truck with an advertisement against the former president of Iran.", "A picture of a group of people walking by a truck.", "People walk down a sidewalk near a protest truck.", "Those people are walking past the billboard on the truck without looking at it.", "The people walk pass the truck with the advertisement."]
["A delivery truck driving on a freeway with \"MOBEL PREISS\" painted on it's sides. ", "A cargo truck driving down a highway with red text.", "A mid sized truck traveling down a highway.", "A truck moving along a highway which has a guardrail.", "A Mobel Preiss truck moving down the highway."]
["Four sheep are eating along the side of a hill.", "A herd of sheep grazing on a grass covered hillside.", "Several curly haired cows grazing on a small hill", "Four head of cattle raise on the side of a rocky hill. ", "Cows standing on the side of a hill eating grass."]
["A black and white cow standing on to of a lush green hillside.", "a cow in a field on a very foggy day", "a cow that is walking down a little path", "A cow grazing upon a hill on a foggy day", "A cow grazing in a field, with a house in back."]
["A cat leaning up against a white door in a room.", "A small black cat claws at a closed door.", "A cat is standing up scratching the door.", "A black cat standing up and pawing at a door.", " A black cat with white paws is clawing at the door."]
["An old fire truck with an old sign in the back of the truck bed.", "The truck is hauling a sign used to promote business.", "A red and white utility truck with a sign in the truck bed.", "A truck is carrying a sign with an arrow on it.", "A fire truck with a sign in its bed parked on the grass."]
["a business truck with graffiti written on it", "an image of a truck with graffiti on the side of it", "An old truck is parked on the street with graffiti.", "Wildly decorated truck in front of a bank.", "A moving truck painted with graffiti is in front of a bank."]
["Two dogs on a truck with frame that reads \"cockleburs galore.\"", "two dogs on the back of a truck in a parking lot", "Two dogs sitting on the tail gate of a truck.", "A pair of dogs sitting on the tailgate of a vehicle by a street.", "Two red dogs sitting in the back of a pickup truck."]
["A cat sits in front of television intently looking at it. ", "A cat is sitting on a ledge looking at the tv", "a cat that is sitting next to a t.v.", "A cat is sitting in front of a tv with stars on the screen.", "There is a cat looking at the television screen."]
["A cat lays on top of an open and turned on laptop computer.", "A black and white cat laying on a laptop computers keyboard with the screen on.", "A cat sitting on the keyboard of a laptop with the screen part on his back. ", "A cat sitting on top of a laptop computer's keyboard.", "a cat laying on a laptop on a desk"]
["A boat leans sideways as it is sinking into the river.", "A black and white photograph of a boat in the water. ", "Small boat tipped sideways with a likely chance of flooding.", "A boat is capsizing in the water near a bridge.", "A boat is docked on the water near an overpass."]
["A dog is standing in floodwater beside a house.", "An alsation dog paddling through some water in front of a building", "There is a full perspective of an open air zone and it is pleasant. \n", "A dog is sitting in the water of a flooded town. ", "A cute German Shepard sits in the midst of flood waters."]
["Single boat near the shore of an ocean.", "a boat is sitting up on a beach", "A person is near a boat docked at the beach. ", "A boat sitting on top of a beach next to the ocean.", "THIS IS A BOAT THAT IS ON THE WATERS EDGE"]
["Black and white photograph of men on a rowboat.", "an old black and white photo of people on a boat", "A group of men that are standing around a boat.", "Several men landing a canoe on a beach shore", "The men are on the row boat. "]
["a man with a cup is standing near a cow", "The cow is kneeling in the grass behind the man.", "A cow laying on the grass behind a man holding a cup of coffee.", "A man is standing by a cow pasture.", "A man standing in front of a fence that has a cow behind it."]
["A white bull is standing still in a clearing.", "The white cow is standing in the field.", "A white cow stands in a pasture looking at the camera.", "The white cow stands alone in the field.", "A cow standing in a grassy field in front of some trees."]
["A cat sitting on a bed near a television remote.", "A large cat sits on a quilt spread on a couch.", "The orange cat is lying on the bed near a remote control. ", "fat orange cat sits on a couch with the remote control", "A cat laying on its side near a remote on a bed."]
["A herd of sheep standing next to a brown cow.", "A group of cows standing next to a trough with snow on the ground.", "a number of cows standing next to each other in the snow", "Several white cows standing together next to one brown cow.", "Several cows standing in a line in the snow.", "Cows have lined up close together near a wooden fence."]
["The young men in suits are posing on a staircase.", "A group of young men in suits posed outside a building.", "A group of men who are posing for a picture together.", "Old photo of young men in nice shirts on foot steps", "A group of young men in suits outside of a building"]
["Three men wearing ties and boxer shorts holding up signs for a clothing store.", "Three men in boxers and ties holding up signs. ", "Men in ties, boxer shorts and socks hold up signs for a clothing store event.", "Three handsome young men advertise Men's Wearhouse in their underwear.", "Three men on a sidewalk with ties and boxers on holding up signs. "]
["Boats sit stationary in the middle of a canal.", "an old boat docked in the marina with other ships", "Two boats parked next to each other near some buildings. ", "Some small boats parked close together on land.", "Several houseboats docked off of an industrial district."]
["A river filled with boats next to a tall building.", "some cars sitting next to a wall with lot of wire on top of it", "A field with some old boats sitting in it", "a cluttered area with parked vehicles and a tug boat", "Vehicles parked under an overpass near a train and boat."]
["A sickly cow and her calf grazing in a yard.", "two cows are grazing in a dirt field", "Two small cows grazing in a field of grass.", "two skinny white cows grazing in a field ", "two cows eating grass in a field with trees"]
["an Asian man standing by the back of a taxi cab in the city", "A man in business attire standing in a city in front of a taxi.", "A man walks down the street as taxis pass him by.", "a person wearing a suit and tie near a car", "A man wearing a suit and tie in a city standing in front of a construction worker and next to a car."]
["A large blue boat sitting on top of a sandy beach.", "A small boat sitting on a pebbly beach", "The boars are parked on the shore in the sand.", "Blue boat beached on the sand with a rope coming off the back.", "The Joseph William a blue boat grounded on the sand."]
["A beach lined with lots of parked boats.", "A group of small boats dock at the shore.", "A large number of fishing boats parked on the beach.", "A beach with hundreds of boats on the shore.", "Fishermen stand among hundreds of boats on the shore."]
["some people umbrellas and two boats on some water", "A boat sitting in the water at a beach with people swimming.", "A small fishing boat floats in the ocean near a sandy beach.", "A beach with people sitting in the water and boats floating.", "A photo of beach scene with people under umberellas, in the water, and on a boat."]
["two tags one with an elephant on one and a dog on the other", "Vintage cartoon elephant and cartoon dog paper tags. ", "The paper tags have pictures of animals on them.", "Two tags depicting an elephant and a dog. ", "Two tags with an elephant and a dog drawn on them"]
["A large body of water covered with boats.", "A few small boats sail down a waterway.", "several long boats on a river near warehouses", "3 fishing boats pass along a small village", "Several empty boats floating on the river on a cloudy day."]
["Several old boats side by side in a city harbor.", "there are many boats in the harbor and buildings behind them ", "A harbor filled with lots of boats floating along water.", "Several boats floating down a river through a city.", "A view of very old ships in a harbor, with building behind them."]
["A black and white photo of school girls posing as a class.", "A group of young women wearing ties and white shirts.", "A group of school girls posing for a photo", "Ladies posing for a group picture wearing uniforms.", "A group of women sit in skirts and ties in an historical photo."]
["A man holding a small umbrella riding on the back of an elephant.", "A man in an orange robe holding a red umbrella.", "A man adjusting an umbrella while sitting on an elephant with its ear up.", "A man sitting underneath an umbrella and other structures.", "Someone sitting on a rock with an umbrella in their hand"]
["a group of people sitting side by side to take a photograph", "A black and white photo of a group of people in formal wear.", "a big group people that are posing for a picture", "A postcard of men and woman wearing causal clothing.", "A black and white picture of a group of people"]
["A man with his arms crossing wearing a shirt and tie.", "Man in a dress shirt and patterned tie posing for a picture. ", "A man with a tie and moustache is sitting with his arms crossed.", "Black and white photograph of a man with his arms crossed", "a man with a moustache is wearing a tie and has his arms crossed"]
["This is an old antique photo of an older man. ", "A black and white photo of a man in a suit.", "A portrait of a man with a beard and wearing a suit with a bow-tie.", "A man wearing a jacket and a bow tie.", "A black and white portrait of a man in a suit."]
["A mother elephant leading a baby elephant on a clear day.", "An elephant and her baby walking down a rad.", "Mother elephant being followed closely by her baby..", "an adult elephant and young elephant cross a dirt road together", "Two elephants that are walking in the dirt."]
["A giant elephant standing next to a small elephant.", "A small baby elephant standing next to an adult one.", "The adult and baby elephants are standing by the bushes.", "Adult elephant standing close to a baby elephant ", "An adult and baby elephants grazing on tree branches."]
["A man sitting on a set of steps while scratching his ear. ", "A man dressed in a suit sits on steps.", "A man wearing a suit and tie holding a cell phone.", "The man waiting on the steps is well dressed.", "A man in a suit with his finger in his ear."]
["The statue of a painted elephant with a target on it.", "A statue of an elephant with a target on it's back and the words \"Never Forget\" in a heart.", "A statue of an elephant with tattoos and a target drawing", "An decorated white elephant statue with a bull's eye painted on it.", " A life size elephant statue with a bulls eye on its side in a park."]
["A very colorful painting on an elephant statue", "a colorful sculpture of an elephant in a park", "a elephant statue sits in the middle of a park ", "A colorful statue of an elephant posed in a park", "A statue of an elephant is painted many colors"]
["A statue of an elephant on the ground.", "A beautiful sculpture of a blue and silver elephant.", "A large silver decorative elephant is standing on a white cloth in a yard.", "The elephant sculpture is sprayed with blue metallic paint.", "a close up of a metal colored elephant statue"]
["Lone elephant walking on dirt path near bushy area.", "An elephant walks down a road past something that looks like feces.", "there is a elephant that is seen walking down the road", "An elephant standing next to a pile of poop.", "An elephant walking down a dust road near some trees."]
["An elephant eats leaves off of a tree.", "A large elephant with its face against a bush.", "A large elephant standing next to a lush green field.", "A huge and very old elephant in the view. ", "A backside view of an elephant standing in a brush."]
["A man in an elevator listening to music on his iPhone. ", "A man in an elevator take a picture of himself.", "A hipster taking a pic of himself in an elevator mirror.", "A man wearing a hoodie with a cell phone in an elevator", "A man inside an elevator holding a mobile device."]
["A man wearing a shirt and tie near a forest.", "a man wearing a blue tie and white shirt", "A smiling blonde man wearing a shirt with a tie.", "A man with a blue tie is smiling.", "A man smiles while standing in a forest."]
["a dog with a umbrella that is pointing to the sky", "A very cite dog sitting with a umbrella.", "Lhasa Apso dog posing under a paper umbrella.", "A dog with a bow poses with an umbrella.", "A small adorable dog sitting under an umbrella."]
["The guy is nicely dressed in a suit and tie.", "A man posing for a picture in a grey striped suit.", "A young man in a suit and tie with star burst background.", "A young well groomed man sports a jacket and tie", "A man in a suit poses for pictures"]
["A little boy sitting on a man's lap wearing a tie.", "a little boy with a tie sitting on his dads lap", "a person sitting with a child wearing a tie", "People taking picture and posing in front of a camera.\n", "A man on a couch holds a small boy wearing a tie in his lap."]
["A bearded man with an earring wearing a black tie.", "A man is wearing a collared shirt with a tie.", "A man with a beard has a shirt and tie.", "A man with a white dress shirt, black tie and a beard.", "close up of a bearded man wearing a black tie"]
["A lawn chair sitting on a beach under an umbrella.", "Two beach chairs are set under an umbrella at the beach.", "Two chairs set up on the sand of the beach. ", "two chairs and a blue umbrella at the beach", "Two beach chairs with towels draped over on a beach."]
["A cat is laying inside of a box", "Why is it that cats insist on squeezing into boxes?", "A gray cat is laying inside of a box.", "A cat is sitting in a copy paper box.", "A cat curled up in a shelter made of printer boxes."]
["A cat lying across the top of the microwave", "A kitty asleep on top of a microwave.", "A brown, black, and white cat takes a nap on top of a microwave.", "A cat lays on top of a microwave.", "A multicolored cat with it's eyes closed, laying on top of a microwave oven."]
["a close up of a cat in a sink", "A cat laying inside of a white sink in a bathroom.", "A brown and white cat laying in a white sink.", "A brown and white cat laying in a white bathroom sink . ", "A cat curled up in a bathroom sink."]
["A young woman sits at her laptop near parked cars.", "A woman under a yellow umbrella with a laptop.", "a person sitting at a small table with a laptop", "A woman on a laptop sitting under a yellow umbrella.", "A woman sitting at an outdoor table working on a laptop"]
["A woman holds an open umbrella while reading her phone.", "Woman under and umbrella looking at her cell phone", "A woman beneath an umbrella checking her cellular phone.", "A woman with a yellow umbrella on a cellphone", "A woman looking at her phone and holding a yellow umbrella."]
["A man in a suit is walking with a woman carrying an umbrella.", "A black and white picture of a couple with people in the background. ", "This is an old fashion picture of people dressed up for an outdoor event. ", "A woman holding up a black umbrella near a man.", "a group of people dressed nicely one holding an umbrella in an area overlooking the city down below"]
["A nearly all black snapshot shows a man standing sideways and looking forward, who is wearing a dark coat and hat and a bright pink tie. ", "A dark shadowed man is wear a black suit and hat.", "A man standing in the shadows, wearing a hat, tie and long coat.", "a person wearing a suit and tie and a hat ", "We are looking at an artistic photo of a man in a suit and tie."]
["three empty docks some water and some clouds", "an empty harbor with a setting sun in the background", "A lone person sits in a chair at one of three piers as the sun sits low in the distance. ", "The sun sets over the trees beyond some docks. ", "Three docks are empty at sundown by the water."]
["An image of indoor restaurant and raining outdoors", "Raining, with umbrella outside in the rain, light on", "Rain pouring down on the street and a large sun umbrella", "a yellow umbrella sitting above a table outside in the rain", "A yellow umbrella outside of a restaurant widow."]
["Man selling fruits and vegetables from a push cart.", "A man is selling gourds out of a push cart as an elderly woman and a younger man look on.", "The red shirt man is selling the vegetables", "A man looking at fruit from a vendor.", "People at a marketplace talking to a vendor."]
["A young lady poses for a photograph while holding an umbrella.", "A woman on a sidewalk holding an umbrella.", "A beautiful woman walking down a sidewalk while looking over her should and carrying a blue umbrella.", "A girl holds an umbrella and looks back.", "a  young girl holding an umbrella and walking down the sidewalk"]
["A picture of a man that is posing for a picture.", "A man wearing a hat with a black suit and tie.", "A man who appears to be dressed formally is posing for the camera. ", "A man with a button up shirt, sport coat and necktie with a knit cap on his head.", "a guy in the photo looks sad and dark"]
["A man riding in the back of a white and red boat.", "A person sitting on a boat that's tied to the dock.", "A guy is sitting in a boat on the side of the water. ", "A man sits facing backward in a personal boat.", "a man in a white boat at the lake"]
["A view of a person walking towards a house boat.", "A man walks towards a houseboat tethered to a dock.", "a man is standing near a white boat", "A man walking toward a boat that is sitting in the water.", "White house boat docked at pier with man in blue approaching"]
["A man picking up trash with a garbage bag at a food court.", "A man who is holding a garbage bag while a lot of people around him are sitting and eating.", "a person walking with a plastic bag ", "THERE IS A MAN THAT IS PICKING UP TRASH ON THE STREET ", "a group of people eating outside a restaurant while the maintenance person cleans  "]
["A girl checks her list while standing with her luggage.", "A woman holding a tablet next to a blue piece of luggage.", "A woman waits next to the track with her luggage.", "A female with blue luggage awaits her train.", "A woman with a suitcase reading a book on a train platform."]
["A group of people stand next to a baby elephant.", "a small elephant on the ground with chains on its legs ", "A group of people surround an elephant in front of a building.", "Great elephant sitting on the ground with a person on it. ", "A person stands beside a chained up elephant while another person sits on it."]
["An umbrella on a beach with other people.", "A blac and white umbrella laying on its side on a sandy beach", "A beach umbrella with a bold pattern lying on the sand.", "Broken striped umbrella standing up on the beach.", "A black and white scene of an umbrella on the beach."]
["Lots of boats tied together sit in the water.", "There are many small boats in the water", "A fleet of small boats is moored in the water near a scattering of lobster traps markers.", "a lot of small boats on a large body of water", "A flotilla of small boats circle around water buoys."]
["two long lines of boys paddle a canoe", "A long canoe full of children that are rowing", "A rowing team of young boys in a boat rowing on a river.", "Boys in life vests are paddling long canoes down a river.", "A group of children paddle in a canoe."]
["A man fishing while standing on some rocks next to the ocean.", "The ocean side fisherman is waiting for his big catch.", "A man with a rainbow umbrella fishing off a rock coast.", "A man fishes from some rocks with a cargo ship in the distance.", "A man fishing with a red boat in the background."]
["Several men in leather lingerie walking and one holding an umbrella.", "A group of gay men standing next to each other under a blue umbrella.", "THREE PEOPLE ROLE PLAYING AND WEARING FEMALE CLOTHES.", "men standing around dressed in leather clothes and hats", "A group of men in bondage gear standing outside."]
["A small marina next to a wall of rocks. ", "a couple of boats parkeed near a boating dock ", "a water way with some boats parked at a dock", "A harbor surrounded by cliffs with boats at dock.", "boats tied up to a dock in an inland bay "]
["A large brown dog running across a grass covered field.", " A shaggy brown dog has a red ball in it's mouth.", "Brown dog running through grass with its tongue hanging out.", "A golden retriever dog runs outside with a ball in it's mouth.", "A dog running in a park with a ball in its mouth."]
["A dog laying on a floor with a blue ball.", "A puppy laying down playing with a blue ball. ", "A brown dog playing with a blue ball toy.", "A small puppy is playing with a blue ball.", "A brown dog playing on the floor with a ball"]
["Man riding an elephant behind two guys on bicycles.", "Travelers make their way down the street on bikes and elephants.", "People riding bikes followed by a man riding an elephant.", "A street with people on motorcycles and one man on an elephant.", "A city street with bicyclers and a man riding a elephant."]
["A brown dog laying on top of a couch next to a brown teddy bear.", "Small brown dog laying its head on a yellow teddy bear. ", "A tan dog laying its head on a teddy bear", "Tired dog rests on top of a teddy bear.", "an image of a dog sleeping on a stuffed animal"]
["an elephant walks alone through some bushy grassland", "A large elephant standing in an open field filled with wild brush.", "An elephant walking in brush during the dry season.", "an elephant running across a field of scrub bushes", "A lone elephant on the pains on a sunny day."]
["A blocked view of the Eiffel Tower in France.", "The Eiffel tower looms in the background during a cloudy day.", "A person with an umbrella is standing near the Eiffel Tower. ", "A view of a huge statue from behind a woman with an open umbrella. ", "The person holds an umbrella while looking toward the Eiffel tower. "]
["a little black dog sitting on the rug", "A dog sitting on the carpet near shoes.", "A small dachshund sitting beside several pairs of shoes.  ", "A small black dog standing on top of the carpet.", "a close up of a dog on the ground "]
["A black dog laying on top of a rug on a hardwood floor.", "A dog is standing on a doormat by some shoes.", "Dog standing at a persons feet looking up.", "A black dog on mat next to various shoes.", "Little dog by a row of shoes looks up at it's owner"]
["A lady holding an umbrella is standing at the rail. ", "A girl is standing at a fence with an umbrella", "A woman poses with an umbrella in the desert. ", "A woman holding a white umbrella wearing sunglasses.", "A woman in a dress holding an umbrella by the fence."]
["A couple are walking under the umbrella in the rain.", "A couple of people walking out of a building under the same umbrella.", "A couple walking under one umbrella in the rain.", "A pair of people walking down a street with an umbrella.", "A couple walking in the rain while sharing an umbrella."]
["A man on pier with dog jumping for frisbee into water.", "A black dog jumping into the water after a frisbee", "a dog jumping into a big pool with it's owner ", "A Splash Dog chasing a Frisbee into a pool during a performance", "A dog umping to catch a frisbee while diving into a pool"]
["A stack of folded clothing on the edge of a table.", "A stack of dark and some light colored clothing sitting next to a computer mouse.", "A stack of folder shirts sit on a desk.", "A pile of clothes sitting on top of a wooden table.", "an image of a pack of shirts in a pile"]
["A young woman walks in the rain, smiling and holding an umbrella.", "A woman in short yellow shorts walking in the rain.", "a female in a white top has a blue umbrella", "a woman in a short holding an umbrella on the road", "A woman is holding an umbrella on a rainy day."]
["A man with an umbrella walking in the rain", "A man is holding an umbrella and walking down the sidewalk in the rain.", "A man walks down the street holding an umbrella.", "A man walking down a city street holding a yellow and white umbrella.", "A man white and yellow umbrella walking in the rain."]
["The people walk down the street holding umbrellas.", "People walk with umbrellas on a city street at night. ", "A city street where it is raining in Japan", "People carrying umbrellas walking down the street at night", "People walking down the street with umbrellas on a rainy evening."]
["A group of three young men holding an umbrella.", "A black-and-white photo of three men standing in the parking lot with one holding an umbrella.", "Thee people stand in a lot while one holds an umbrella.", "Three men and an umbrella in a parking lot.", "Three men are standing in a parking lot."]
["A bear searching for food near the river.", "A brown bear leaning against a rock near a stream.", "A bear is holding on to a rock by some water.", "A big brown bear leaning on the rocks at the shore of a river.", "The brown bear is standing on a rock in a stream."]
["A brown bear walks through a grassy field.", "A brown bear standing in a large field.", "A sheep standing in a field covered in lush green grass.", "A brown bear pup running across a grassy area.", "A bear is walking alone through a grassy field."]
["A wild animal walking across a grass covered field.", "A bear wanders through brown and green brush.", "A fluffy bear standing in a grassy field.", "A bear grazing in the middle of a field.", "a bear  wandering across the wilderness of grassland"]
["Two people walking under an umbrella and another group of people walking down a city sidewalk.", "A pair of people under an umbrella walking down a sidewalk. ", "People walk on a street with open umbrellas. ", "People walking in the rain on a city street some with umbrellas.", "People walking down a city street in the rain at night."]
["A couple sharing an umbrella on a rainy day.", "People walking under an umbrella in a cobblestone plaza. ", "There are people under an umbrella and not under an umbrella  walking in the square.", "People walk in a city square on a rainy day.", "A man and woman walking under and umbrella near other people in a plaza."]
["An old time car with a suitcase on the back is on the field with other car.", "Some old cars near each other on a grassy area", "A SHOW IN THE GRASS DISPLAYS OLD CARS", "Several cars that are used for race cars sitting on the grass.", "A green racing car parked on the lawn. "]
["A woman holding an umbrella listening to another woman.", "A woman and man are looking at an umbrella.", "An older woman fixing the umbrella of a younger woman in a doorway.", "a close up of a person holding an open umbrella", "a couple of people outside with one of them holding a umbralla"]
["A small computer upon a tan desk with a arm lamp nearby.", "Two computers are turned on at a small workstation.", "A home desk has a computer, lamp, and knick-knacks.", "Two monitors are set up on a cluttered computer desk.", "a desk with two monitors a keyboard and a mouse"]
["Several people wait at an airport baggage claim. ", "People wait for their baggage to come at the airport.", "PEOPLE WAITING FOR THE ARRIVAL OF THEIR LUGGAGE IN AN AIRPORT. ", "Group of people waiting in line in front of a luggage conveyor belt.", "A group of people wait at baggage claim."]
["lots of men in suits and one boy is sitting on some luggage", "A boy sits on luggage in front of a line of men waiting to change money. ", "A young child sits on a stack of luggage.", "A large group of men line up in a bank while a boy sits atop the luggage.", "A large group of people in olden clothes."]
["A young girl with glasses appears to be waiting with luggage at the baggage center.", "a woman is sitting in an airport with her luggage", "A woman with a bag sitting with some suitcases.", "A woman with luggage sits on the conveyor belt of a baggage claim area in an airport.", "A woman sitting in an airport next to a  bag of luggage."]
["A large brown bear sniffs something on the ground.", "A brown bear in a field by a forest in autumn", "A bear standing in the woods in front of a tree.", "A brown bear standing on top of grass in a field.", "A brown bear walks in the grass in front of trees."]
["A large brown bear on a rock slab.", "A large bear rolling around on top of a rock.", "A bear reclining on a rock in an enclosure.", "A brown bear sleeping on a rock in the sun.", "Large sleeping brown bear on a rock ledge at the zoo. "]
["A dog and a cat laying together in a pet bed.", "A dog and cat sharing an animal bed in a house.", "a dog and a cat in  the same basket together ", "A dog and cat relax inside a blue checkered animal bed", "A dog and cat lie side by side on a pillow bed."]
["A brown bear walking in an open area.", "A bear is walking along amongst large rocks.", "A large brown bear walking in his exhibit.", "A bear is walking in a zoo habitat. ", "One large brown bear outside at the zoo."]
["A MAN IS PLAYING ON THE BEACH WITH A FRIEND", "A man leaping to catch a frisbee that was thrown", "Adult male leaping for flying disc on sandy beach.", "a person on a beach stretching to catch a frisbee", "A man running and reaching to catch a frisbee on the beach."]
["A small dog running to catch a frisbee in the air.", "A very cute dog playing with a disc in the grass.", "A dog that is chasing after a Frisbee.", "A dog catching a frisbee in the grass.", "A lone dog running through the yard to catch a frisbee."]
["A panda eats a bamboo stalk in the forest.", "A panda is sitting on a tree branch. ", "A panda bear sitting and eating next to green bushes. ", "Panda bear sitting on top of a tree eating a branch. ", "A panda bear chewing on a piece of bamboo."]
["A couple of zebra walking next to each other.", "Two zebras walk in their area of the zoo.", "Two blurry zebras walking in front of a stone like wall.", "Pair of Zebras walking in zoo like enclosure.", "Two zebras in motion in a zoo enclosure."]
["Two zebra walking down a small rural road.", "Two zebras walking along a white paved path in a field.", "Two zebra walking on a paved road surrounded by vegetation.", "Two zebras that are standing in the road.", "The two zebras are walking down the road."]
["Three zebras roam a field together side by side. ", "A few zebra's walking through a field of dirt and grass.", "Some very pretty zebras together in a field.", "There are three zebras are walking in a field", "Here are three zebras trudging along at the zoo"]
["a group of zebras are all drinking from a river", "The zebras are drinking together at the watering hole.", "A group of zebra drinking water from a pond of water.", "Some very cute zebras together by the water.", "two zebra drinking wwater while a third one looks somewhere else"]
["A zebra riding on the back of a giraffe on a field.", "A zebra is riding on the neck of a giraffe while a man imitates them and laughs.", "Giraffe with zebra on neck near man smiling.", "A laughing man watching a zebra atop a giraffe.", "A man poses in front of a picture of a zebra and giraffe. "]
["A group of young guys playing frisbee in a field.", "An ultimate frisbee player in a red shirt snatches the frisbee over his defender in the yellow shorts.", "Two guys playing a game of Frisbee in a park.", "Two men playing Frisbee with one man falling over.", "A man falls down as another catches the Frisbee."]
["A couple of young men playing a game of frisbee.", "Two teenage boys are playing a game of frisbee together.", "The men are playing Frisbee in the field. ", "Two young boys leap up to catch a Frisbee. ", "Two kids in midair trying to catch the same frisbee."]
["Friends playing a game of Frisbee in a green park", "two people in a field playing frisbee with trees in the background", "One man preparing to catch a Frisbee as another man guards him.", "Two guys on a field tossing a white Frisbee.", "Two young men standing on a green field playing frisbee."]
["Three zebras, possibly Jacksonville-Grevy, two facing camera with one in background.", "A close up of several zebras grouped together.", "Two zebras stand together looking at the camera. ", "Several animals are looking into the camera together.", "Several adult zebra standing on a dirt surface."]
["A person cleaning a dogs teeth next to a table.", "SOMEONE BRUSHING THEIR DOGS TEETH WITH A TOOTH BRUSH ", "Adult working on dog's teeth in living area of residence.", "Brushing your dogs teeth is important for his health.", "a man that is holding open a dogs mouth"]
["A group of zebras standing and grazing in a field.", "A zebra standing next to another zebra that's eating grass.", "One zebra standing and one eating grass on the savannah.", "Two zebras standing side by side looking like a two headed zebra.", "A group of zebras in a vast open grassy field."]
["A dog jumps in order to catch a ring", "A brown dog jumps into the air to catch a Frisbee.", "A dog is jumping up with a hoop in it's mouth.", "a dog in midair catching a ring toss frisbee", "A dog is in mid air with a frisbee ring in it's mouth."]
["A herd of zebra standing on sandy area with rocks.", "many zebras standing on a dirt ground near one another", "Five zebras standing next to each other in the dirt.", "A group of zebras standing in the dirt.", "A group of 5 zebra in a field together."]
["A brown dog walking through a dry grass covered field.", "A young dog chasing after an orange frisbee", "A little dog tries to catch an orange Frisbee. ", "A  YOUNG DOG BITING AN ORANGE FRISBEE IN YARD", "A puppy playing with an orange frisbee in a fenced yard"]
["a man leaning over a lot as another man catches the frisbee ", "a group of men playing in a grassy field with a frisby", "The action in a recreational sport involving a white disc.", "teenage boys playing a game of disc football in large open field.", "A man lunging forward towards a frisbee next to three other men."]
["some males a playing with a white frisbee", "four men playing  with a white frisbee at a park ", "a group of men running after a frzby in the sandy lot", "Four men are playing Frisbee near a fenced-off area.", "Four men play a game of Ultimate Frisbee. "]
["Two animals are walking along in a field.", "A couple of zebra walking across a dirt field.", "Two zebras walking together along the dry grass. ", "A small zebra is standing next to a large zebra.", "The baby zebra is in the grass with its parent."]
["A zebra standing on top of a grass covered field", "The baby zebra is standing all by himself.", "The zebra is standing in the middle of a field.", "a zebra in some brown grass and some green plants ", "A baby zebra standing alone out in the grass "]
["A zebra standing on top of a dirt field.", "A close up picture of a zebra head.", "A zebra that is standing in the dirt.", "a close up of a black and white zebras head and neck", "A closeup of a zebra in a field."]
["A close up of black and white zebra stripes.", "A black and white zebra striped piece of fabric", "a close up of two zebras near one another ", "the lines are black and white and run parallel ", "Very closeup view of zebras emphasizing their stripes."]
["Zebra stripes very up close and very perfect.", "The stripes of a zebra from an up close view. ", "A close up of a zebra pattern that is black and white.", "an upclose image of a zebra accenting its stripes", "A close up of a black and white design."]
["A close up of a zebra's back with its neighbor's mane in the background.", "Here is an image of an outdoor place. ", "shows the beautiful designs of a zebra pattern", "The stripes from two zebras meld together to improve their camouflage in a herd.", "Two zebra backs are shown in this close-up picture."]
["Lone zebra as seen through narrow opening in enclosed area.", "A shot of a zebra from behind it ", "A back side view of a zebra looking down.", "a black and white striped zebra standing on a patch of dirt", "The zebra stands and looks down at the ground."]
["Two dogs walking down a street side by side.", "Two very cute scruffy dogs walking on a road.", "two dogs who are walking down a road together.", "A couple of dogs walking on a road.", "Two dogs are walking down a road along a river bank."]
["A herd of zebra standing next to each other on a grass field.", "A group of zebras are standing in the grass.", "A group of zebras standing in a field", "A herd of zebras is standing next to a wire fence. ", "a pack of 4 zebras standing by a fence in a field."]
["A couple of zebra standing on top of a grass field.", "Individuals are up and doing something fun today. \n", "Zebras graze on the plains with trees in the background.", "a couple of zebras stand next to a antelope ", "some zebras and a brown animal some grass and bushes"]
["A group of zebras are seen behind a fence.", "Zebra grazing next to each other on green grass.", "Zebras inside a fenced enclosure eating grass and walking around.", "A group of three zebras grazing grass together.", "a pack of zebras in the wild grazing for food"]
["A man jumping in the air catching a frisbee on a field.", "a man leaping in the air for a frisby", "a man with a frisbee on the field playing", "A man holding a frisbee under a cloudy sky.", "A man jumping up in the air and catching a frisbee."]
["Few people playing with Frisbee in the park.", "A group of men are playing frisbee in a large field.", "A group of people in a field playing Frisbee.", "Two teams of men playing Frisbee in a field.", "a man gets ready to catch a frisbe at a park"]
["A young person kneeling down on a grassy park.", "A dog and its trainer doing Frisbee tricks for a crowd", "A woman and dog doing Frisbee tricks at a competition with a crowd watching.", "A person crouching down on  a grassy field", "A person bending down to pick something up with people watching behind a fence."]
["The outdoor show features a dog who can catch a frisbee.", "A dog catching a frisbee while people look on", "Colorful dog jumping up and catching a frisbee.", "a dog jumping in the air with a frisbee in its mouth", "A dog in the air with frisbee in mouth above grass by fence with spectators."]
["A herd of zebra standing next to each other.", "a large group of zebras under a shingled roof", "A group of zebras gathered and a wooden shelter to get out of the sun.", "Several zebras in the shade of an outdoor patio. ", "A large group of zebra standing in the shade."]
["Two zebra standing next to each other on a dirt field.", "two zebras standing together pressing their faces together", "Two zebras stand close to each other, rubbing faces. ", "A zebra kissing another in a dirt field.", "This is two zebras nuzzling each other's faces."]
["an image of two zebras in the middle of the wilderness", "Two zebras are standing in a field of dry grasses.", "Two zebras in the bush in the wild.", "Mama and baby zebras standing in a dry, grassy area", "TWO ZEBRAS FACING OPPOSITE DIRECTION IN THE WILD"]
["A horse rolling around on it's back in a green park.", "a horse laying on its back in the park ", "A horse on its back with a man watching.", "A very big pretty horse laying down in the grass.", "a horse playfully rolls around on the grass as a person watches."]
["Old photograph showing group of men with horse drawn cart outside of business.", "A group of men stand outside of an old time store.", "An old photo of men standing outside a wood building beside a horse and carriage", "A small horse-drawn carriage and a group of men stand in front of a business.", "Several people pose for a picture in front of a store."]
["A couple of men riding on the back of a horse drawn carriage.", "a group of horses pulling a carriage with people", "Two men are riding a carriage being pulled by horses.", "An old picture of several horses pulling a buggy.", "a carriage is being pulled by a bunch of horses"]
["Two zebra standing on a dirty road next to a grass covered field.", "Two zebras standing in the middle of the road", "Two zebras stand in the middle of a gravel road. ", "Two zebras stand on the road in a game preserve.", "Two zebras standing on a gravel road look attached"]
["Three zebras eating grass on a dry grassy slope.", "a group of zebras are grazing on the ground", " three zebras in a field near one another ", "Three zebras standing in a grassy area next to two trees.", "Three zebra graze on what little grass there is in the field."]
["An old image of the Railway Station in toowoomba. ", "The horse drawn carriages are going down the street.", "A older photo of a small town with carriages and horses .", "An old image of an Australian railway station with horse drawn wagons going by.", "Vintage photo of horse drawn carriages and brick buildings"]
["A brown horse standing in the middle of a forest.", "A HORSE IS GRAZING IN A WOODED AREA", "A red horse stands in the grass in the woods.", "A brown horse grazing on grass in the middle of a forest.", "A horse grazing in the grass of a forest."]
["A black and white photo of a group of horses. ", "Horses are standing behind a wire fence. ", "Four horses standing by the fence where they're kept. ", "Four horses are standing behind a wire fence.", "Four horses standing by a barbed wire fence."]
["A group of men standing next to brown horses.", "The animals and their jockeys are beside the steps.", "Many guards and horses stand at the bottom on stairs.", "some people standing with a bunch of horses ", "some men in uniforms and some brown and black horses"]
["A plate with banana's, carrots, blueberries, and oranges.", "A wooden table with a bowl of fruits and vegetables.", "Very full and colorful bowl of fruits and vegetables", "A bowl is full of fresh fruits and vegetables.", "A bowl filled with carrots, bananas, and assorted food."]
["Bowl of fruits and vegetables sits in middle of yogurt cup Soy milk and containers of powder", "Breakfast foods sit on the top of the counter.", "There is a bowl with a lot if fruits in the bowl", "Healthy fruits in a bowl make a good lunch alternative. ", "A bow filled with fruit and carrots sitting on top of a table."]
["a male baseball pitcher in the middle of the field throwing a ball", "A man in white baseball uniform throwing baseball.", "A baseball pitcher on a mound throwing a ball.", "a baseball player throwing a ball from the mound ", "A man in baseball team uniform on pitchers mound in throwing stance with mitt on a hand and ball in a hand with spectators in stands behind."]
["A baseball player hitting a pitch with catcher and umpire behind him.", "a  man swinging a bat during a baseball game ", "A baseball player is swinging the bat at a ball.", "The man is hitting a baseball with a bat.", "a baseball player swinging a bat on the field "]
["A batter lined up to hit while the catcher and ump wait for the ball. ", "A baseball game with the players on first base.", "A young man at home plate taking a high pitch as the catcher catches the ball.", "A baseball player preparing to hit a baseball.", "A catcher prepares to catch the pitch during a baseball game."]
["a baseball player swinging a bat at a ball", "a man hits a baseball with a bat on the field.", "The baseball player is up to bat and ready to hit a homerun", "A batter is hitting swinging at the ball in a baseball game.", "A baseball player hitting a ball with a bat."]
["A baseball player taking a swing at a ball", "A batter receives a pitch in a baseball game.", "Baseball game in ball park with lots of green trees behind the scoreboard.", "There is a baseball game happening the player is about to hit the ball.", "A team plays baseball on a baseball field."]
["A man standing on top of a baseball field.", "A player that is getting ready to go up to bat at a baseball game.", "A batter getting ready at the plate at a baseball game.", "A man that is standing in dirt with a bat.", "players on a baseball field during a baseball game"]
["Two bananas and an apple are next to an Amazon box. ", "A couple of ripe bananas sitting on top of a  tray.", "Banana and an apple in front of an amazon box", "Two bananas and a nectarine on a floral tray.", "A box with bananas and a peach inside"]
["A group of baseball players standing on the mound.", "Members of a baseball team gather on the pitcher's mound.", "A group of people standing on top of a lush green field.", "THERE IS A BASE BALL GAME ON THE FIELD \n", "Baseball players on the mound during a game."]
["A man pushing a cart filled with lots of ripe bananas.", "A guy pushing a wheel barrow full of bananas.", "very many bananas on a wheelbarrow and a man pushing", "A man pulling a wheel barrel with a bunch of bananas in it. ", "A farmer pushes a wheel barrel filled with bananas."]
["Several bunches of bananas are on a table.", "A table with a blue cloth and bunches of bananas.", "A bunch of bananas on a table top.", "A table topped with a bunch of ripe and unripe bananas.", "Bunches of bananas are ripe or green on a blue tablecloth at a market"]
["A table topped with ripe bananas sitting in piles.", "A variety of bananas for sale are laid out on a table.", "A colorful table setting covered with many various types of bananas.", "There are several varieties of bananas and plantains for sale in varying stages of ripeness.", "The bushels of bananas have started to turn brown."]
["A finger pointing to a blemish on a green piece of fruit", "Person pointing to a couple of green plants.", "Green vegetables sitting beside each other in a crate. ", "A person is pointing to an overripe banana.", "a finger pointing at some green fruit with brown spots"]
["A pitcher on the mound prepares to throw the ball.", "a man on the pitching mount lunging toward home plate on a baseball field", "A pitcher in baseball in the process of throwing a pitch.", "A baseball pitcher preparing to throw the ball", "A man pitching a baseball on top of a field."]
["A pitcher winds up to throw a ball.", "A man with a baseball uniform on with a baseball and catcher's mitt.", "A pitcher at a baseball game who is about to throw the ball.", "a baseball player gets ready to throw a baseball ", "A couple of men standing on a field playing baseball."]
["Two people are in the snow on snow skis.", "Two people that are outside in the snow skiing.", "Two people in the snow on skis on a slope.", "Two women are skiing down a small hill.", "two skiers in the snow skiing down a hill"]
["many skis lined up on a mountain waiting for people to put them on", "A group of people standing next to a row of skis.", "Several pairs of skis are lined up on the snowy ground.", "Three men standing in snow with a rows of skis and ski poles, one waving, and one putting with back turned.", "some snow skiers and their skies laid out all in a row "]
["A bunch of butterfly's sitting on a basket.", "Group of butterflies on a hanging basket full of fruit.", "Some butterflies landing on a bowl of oranges.", "Butterflies feast on the nectar of fruit in a glass bowl.", "There are many butterflies sitting on top of oranges. "]
["A baseball player lower his glove for a ground ball.", "A baseball player puts his mitt down toward the ground.", "A baseball player catching a low ball during a game", "A man wearing a catchers mitt standing on a lush green field.", "A man with his arm stretched out with a mit in hand"]
["A pile of oranges cut in half sitting on top of a wooden counter.", "A table full of halved oranges for juicing", "Oranges have been sliced for preparing fresh juice.", "Sliced lemons and oranges on a wooden table.", "Orange halves sit on a wooden kitchen countertop in front of a metal juicer and mesh bags of oranges."]
["A pile of nearly ripe bananas sitting next to each other.", "A close-up pictures of many bundles of bananas. ", "Bunches of bananas mostly yellow with green near the stems.", "Bunches of ripe bananas are sitting closely together.", "Seven bunches of at least five bananas each."]
["A close up of a banana next to a cup with liquid.", "The banana is next to the coffee mug on the table.", "A picture of some food and drink on a table. ", "a white cup and a brown and yellow banana", "An over ripened banana and a cup of coffee."]
["Two men holding skis standing on a ski slope.", "The two skiers are standing at the top of a mountain.", "Two men posing for pictures with their skis on a mountain.", "Two male skiers are on the top of a mountain in snow.", "Two skiers pose on top of the ski slope against a mountain range."]
["A batch of bannas is siting next to a jar.", "A banana sitting on a wooden table next to jars of food.", "bananas on a counter next to cumin seed botttle", "A Chiquita Banana advertising sticker on one of their bananas.", "a close up of a bunch of bananas next to a jar of food "]
["a man is out in the snow with skis", "A person with some skis in the snow.", "A man not wearing a coat is skiing. ", "A man on snow skis with a short sleeve shirt on.", "a person riding skis on a snowy surface"]
["A young man is throwing out a pitch at a baseball game.", "some baseball players and one is throwing a ball", "A man holding a baseball mitt on a baseball field.", "A baseball player is in mid swing of an overhand launch.", "a young baseball player throwing a pitch from the pitchers mound"]
["Children play basketball and ride skateboards behind a housing complex.", "THIS IS A PHOTO OF SEVERAL CHILDREN PLAYING A GAME OF BASKETBALL", "Children are playing a game of basketball on a playground.", "A group of young men standing on top of a basketball court.", "A group of kids playing basketball and two other kids on skateboards."]
["A tray of fruit and a muffin on a table.", "A piece of banana, some strawberries, shish-kabobs, and a muffin are on a tray.", "A bowl with half a banana, a couple of strawberries and a blueberry muffin.", "A white plastic container filled with fruit and cakes.", "A bowl with a muffin, strawberries, a banana and chicken."]
["A display at grocery store filled with fruits and vegetables next to jars.", "Apples and various jars of food products sit on shelves.", "Jars full of stuff on top of apples in a line.", "Apples, hone and eggs are on display outside.", "a fruit stand with red and yellow apples and canned honey"]
["A person is riding a skateboard down the street.", "Boy skateboarding on two wheels in street in front of stores. ", "The skateboarder is able to perform several impressive tricks.", "A man riding a skateboard down a street.", "A man in a yellow shirt skateboarding outside."]
["a couple of people on skis ride through the snow ", "Three people walking with skis on in the snow.", "Several people cross-country ski on a snowy mountain.", "Several cross-country skiers on a snowy path in the woods.", "people skiing though snow on a trail through trees"]
["The people are walking through snow in a wooded area. ", "Two people wearing skis traveling through the snow.", "A man is walking down a path covered in a snow.", "A couple is skiing through the snowy woods. ", "a couple of people that are in a snowy field"]
["A person riding skis down the side of a snow covered slope.", "A man skying down a hill that has not been skied on much.", "A man on a snowy slope with trees in the background", "a man on ski's near the woods in winter", "A man in black jacket riding skis on a snowy slope."]
["A plate with rice topped with scallops and a side of broccoli.", "A plate filled with different food is on a table.", "A plate of food including broccoli and scallops.", "A meal of scallops and broccoli on a pink plate.", "A plate of vegetables has broccoli and sprouts."]
["A plate with a piece chicken and some broccoli", "A plate of broccoli and a very small piece of chicken.", "A simple meal of chicken and a large serving of broccoli. ", "A small white plate with some food on it.", "A plate has a small piece of meat and lots of broccoli. "]
["A group of skiers are outdoors playing in the snow. ", "A group of skiers has gathered at a red fence", "A group of skiers get ready to perform in the race.", "Several cross country skiers prepare to start down a course.", "Several skiers in ski gear a gathered together."]
["A skier with poles on the hill of snow.  ", "A single skiier heads down a snowy slope.", "A man contemplates skiing down a steep hill. ", "Person  wearing black skiing down a slop.", "A man in skis holding ski poles standing on top of a snow covered slope."]
["Man on street appearing to be dancing or skipping sideways. .", "A man practices skateboarding in front of a building and parked cars. ", "A man flips his skate board on a city street.", "a boy on a skateboard in the air above a street", "A young man does a skateboard trick on a city street."]
["A newspaper called The Queenslander with a holiday dinner scene on it.", "This is a newspaper cover a flower ", "The cover has a flower, glass of wine and candle stick.", "An old painting with roses cake and a glass of wine", "An old image of a magazine from 1932."]
["A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A person that is on skis standing in the snow.", "a person on skis riding through the snow ", "A person skiing on a mountain, in the snow.", "A person skis downhill on a snowy area."]
["Young man with backpack holding skateboard going down escalator.", "A guy going down an escalator holding a skateboard.", "A boy on the eselcator with a skateboard", "A young man holding a skateboard riding down an escalator.", "a person holding a skateboard riding an escalator "]
["A blue glass plate topped with cheese and broccoli.", "A blue and white plate with fruit an d vegetables", "A dish with broccoli decorated with orange in the middle.", "an image of broccoli on a plate with potatoes", "Orange pieces have been arranged on a platter."]
["A farmers market fulled of fresh fruits and vegetables.", "many trays with green yellow and red apples and a scale", "Trays filled with fruit are on display near a busy road.", "Someone worked hard to put these apples in such an appealing display.", "A fruit stand on the side of the street with vehicles going by."]
["Lone Nordic skier on a well worn track through a snowy \"wonderland\"", "A lone skier is on a pathway in the snowy wilderness.", "A man is cross country skiing on a bright day.", "A person walking down a snow covered road in the country.", "A person cross country skiing through a snowy trail."]
["A dish consisting of various meats and vegetables ", "some cut up broccoli and meat sitting on top of some rice ", "A plate that has different type of foods on it.", "A mix of beef and broccoli covers rice.", "A plate topped with rice, meat and vegetables."]
["A group of skiers with a small child in the snow", "Skiers are gathered near the buildings at the ski lodge.", "Family with small child in ski wear and skis standing beside a ski resort village at dusk. ", "A group of people standing on the ski slopes.", "people in the snow standing around a little kid laying down"]
["A lunch tray is shown with bread, meat, veggies, and fruit.", "A couple of containers filled with food sitting on top of a table.", "A couple of containers with broccoli, bread, berries and meat.", "Proportioned meal in container with plastic dividers with fruit.", "a table top with some trey of food on it "]
["Several ripe red apples resting in the grass.", "A bunch of red apples lay on the green grass.", "Several red apples laying in the grass together.", "Red apples are on the ground in the grass.", "A group of pink apples sit on the grass and wait to be picked up. "]
["A boy standing in the snow with skis", "A person on skiis at the top of a snow hill.", "A boy standing on a ski slope, holding ski poles.", "A man standing on a snow covered hill in skis holding two ski poles.", "a person riding skis on a snow covered ground"]
["A person skis past two people and a dog", "A group of people along with their dog skiing across snow covered ground.", "A woman on a cross country ski trail passing a couple out with their dog", "A man skiing and two others playing with a dog.", "A woman playing with a dog while another person is skiing."]
["Two boys riding skateboards in the street, behind tree branches.", "two young people riding skate boards on a flat surface", "Two young men riding skateboards across a parking lot.", "two young men skateboarding in an open area during winter", "A couple of kids riding on top of skateboards."]
["A plate of food that includes meat and broccoli.", "a white plate with blue designs holding broccoli and a meat dish on a table.", "an image of meat and veggies on a white plate", "A plate on a table with a helping of broccoli and something that is unrecognizable.", "a close up of a plate of food with broccoli"]
["A man flying over a set of steps near a hill.", "The boy jumped the skateboard onto the bench.", "A young boy on a skateboard balancing on a metal object.", "A person doing a trick with a skateboard off of a step.", "A person on skateboard doing a trick on a block."]
["A plate topped with broccoli chicken covered in sauce.", "some broccoli and meat in a white bowl and sauce", "A close up of food with broccoli and peppers.", "The meat is covered with spices and vegetables. ", "Some meat that is mixed in with some vegetables."]
["Two young boys riding skis down the side of a snow covered slope.", "Two young skiers going down a snowy hill.", "Two small children are skiing on the snow.", "Two young children skiing together down a mountain.", "Two small children are skiing down a snow hill."]
["The skier is racing down the snow covered slopes. ", "A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "A person on skis riding down a race course on a hill.", "A competition skier advertising for Atomic races down a track.", "Competitive snow skier in red, white and blue outfit."]
["A skier with poles extended skiing by a flag post.", "A child on skis is taking a turn as an adult watches from aside.", "A person that is skiing in some snow.", "A competitive skier dressed in red and white racing downhill.", "a skier wearing red is skiing past a red marker"]
["A young lady riding skis on a snow covered slope.", "A person is skiing down a snowy hill. ", "a person standing on some skis going through the snow", "A female skier wears a red helmet and a jersey bearing the number 80.", "a person that is skiing down a snowy field"]
["a person jumping over a ramp with a skateboard ", "A couple of young children skateboarding at a skate park.", "A boy is riding a skateboard off of a ramp.", "a kids jumps his skateboard off a playground ramp", "a man is in the air on a skateboard"]
["Two teenagers on riding skateboards down at a park.", "Two young men skateboard around a skate park", "Two boys skating with skateboards at a skate park. ", "Two kids are riding their skateboards in a skate park", "Two boys with skate boards are playing in a skate boarding area."]
["A table topped with lots of vegetables of different color and kind.", "A large tray of just picked garden fresh vegetables", "A display of different veggies including carrots and beets.", "A selection of vegetables for sale on a round table.", "Large assortment of vegetables displayed for sale on large round table."]
["A boy skate boards down a neighborhood street.", "A skateboarder riding down the road, the picture is blurry.", "A young man riding a skateboard down a street.", "cruising down the road riding low on the skateboard.", "a male skateboarder in a black shirt is skateboarding"]
["A woman wearing a mask on her face purchasing vegetables", "A woman wearing a veil over her face has a bag of carrots.", "A woman at an open air market with several fruits and vegetables.", "A veiled woman buys fruit and vegetables at the market", "A woman in yellow holding a bag of carrots."]
["A vase filled with flowers on top of a table.", "Coffee cups are on a lovely table prepared for breakfast.", "Dainty flowers are placed in a small vase for a charming table centerpiece.", "a close up of a potted plant on a cluttered table", "a table filled with cups and a vase with flowers in the middle "]
["A man riding skis down a snow covered ski slope.", "A man that is standing on ski's in the snow.", "A slalom skier skis down a snowy slope.", "The skiing racer in goggles tucks the poles under his arms.", "A person riding skis down a hill on a course."]
["a person on skies performing on an obstacle course", "A skier makes his way down the course.", "A person is carveing their way down a ski slop.", "The person skis through the snowy area around the sticks.", "A person riding skis down the side of  a snow covered mountain."]
["A woman skiing down the side of a snow covered ski slope.", "A young lady travels down the ski slopes dressed in a bright red and white ski suit.", "Someone skiing down a course on a hill.", "A person skiing down a hill passing by a blue marker.", "A downhill skier is attempting to navigate an obstacle course."]
["A woman riding skis down the side of a snow covered mountain.", "A woman is skiing down a hill with flags.", "A woman skis down a snowy ski slope.", "A female skier skis downhill avoiding the flags.", "A PERSON IS SKIING ON THE SNOW SLOPES "]
["Group of cross-country skiers on snow-covered mountain landscape.", "A line of skiers are walking on a snowy hill in the middle of winter.", "A group of people riding skis across a mountain.", "A group of skiers trekking a mountain in snow", "A row of people following each other on skis on a snowy mountain."]
["A group of people hiking up the side of a snow covered mountain.", "The group of skiers walk up a mountain with backpacks on. ", "Six people walking in the snow with ski poles and backpacks.", "Cross country skiers traveling in a line across the snow.", "A group of people walking in a single file up a slope."]
["A boy leaning against a rail on his skateboard", "A man riding a skateboard leaning on top of metal fence.", "A person on a skateboard leaning on a fence", "A black and white photo of a man enjoying a view", "A man on a skateboard is resting on a fence near a bridge."]
["A family standing next to each other wearing ski equipment.", "an image of a group of people on skis at a ski resort", "A group of young skiers gather together on a snowy slope.", "Children getting ready to ski down a snowy loop", "many young people wearing skis on a snowy slope"]
["Young boys on skis gathered in a group at the top of  a hill.", "Family standing around waiting to go down the ski slope", "The young people are leaning on their ski poles.", "A group of kids huddled around on skis and boots in the snow.", "Groups of skiers near a ski trail in the snow."]
["A skier in a race jumping over a small hill", "A skier jumping a small hill on the slope.", "A skier skiing in a race between flags.", "A skier jumping off a hill on a slalom course.", "A skier goes over a small ski jump on a gentle slope."]
["A man on his skateboard is in the air pulling off a trick. ", "A guy flipping a skateboard in the air.", "A man doing a trick on a skateboard on a ramp.", "A young man is making a daring move with a skateboard.", "A boy skateboarder in the air over a jump."]
["A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "A young man ridding a skateboard jumps a red object on a ramp in the park while others watch.", "A COUPLE OF GUYS ENJOYING A SKATEBOARD PARK", "A skater does a trick while jumping in the air.", "A young man is doing a trick on a skateboard."]
["A man flying through the air over a skateboard.", "Someone is trying to pull of a skateboard trick. ", "I am unable to see an image above.", "A teenager grinding a rail on a street side.", "A person in the air with a skateboard upside down underneath."]
["Two people on skis in snowy area next to a barn.", "People walking up a mountain in snow, with skis and poles.", "They are skiing in a very open space.", "Two people are trekking through the snow to get to the next destination.", "people are skiing down a pathway covered in snow"]
["A crowd of young people sanding on a snow covered ski slope while holding ski equipment.", "A large groups of people standing near each other on skis", "A group of children on skis taking a photo together", "A group of people on skis are posing in the snow.", "A group of skiers lined up for a group picture."]
["A group of people on skis standing around.", "A group of people on skis in the snow.", "A lot of people that are about to sky in the snow.", "A large group of skiers waiting in a formation.", "A group of young people riding skis in the snow."]
["many kids holding skating board on the snow", "A group of people standing next to each other in the snow.", "A ski teacher and his students pose for a photo together.", "A group of young children is standing on skis.", "Two rows of young skiers lined up for pictures with their skis."]
["A birthday cake with candles sits on a table.", "A chocolate style cake with candles on it by a cutting knife.", "A birthday cake filled with many candles on it. ", "there is a big chocolate cake with many candles on it", "A birthday cake with many candles on it next to a knife."]
["A young man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.", "A skateboarder does a jump trick over a sewer man hole.", "The skater jumps his board over a manhole cover.", "A skateboarder does a jump trick over a sewer hole.", "A kid doing a kickflip over a manhole. "]
["A pot on the stove is filled with food.  ", "The post of roast beef has large sliced mushrooms in it. ", "A bunch of food sitting inside of a pot.", "Food, including meat and mushrooms, sits in a pot on the stove.", "A pot roast cooking on a stove top with carrots and mushrooms. "]
["The young girl is learning to ride her skateboard outside. ", "a mum teaching a kid how to skate", "A woman helping a little girl dressed in pink keep her balance on a skateboard. ", "A little girl is on a skateboard dressed in pink.", "A motherly women helping a young girl learn to skateboard. "]
["a tray holding three plates of food including vegetables and fruit ", "A tray that has different types of food.", "A tray has a white plate on it with corn and another plate has carrots and peppers and a third has desert.", "The dinner plate is near a dessert and a salad.", "A tray that has three plates of various foods on it."]
["Blonde haired boy doing a jump while riding a skate board.", "A young boy jumps into the air on a skateboard in front of grassy field.", "A man flying through the air on a skateboard.", "A boy is jumping in the air and flipping a skateboard.", "A person on a skateboard in the air doing a trick."]
["Skateboarder practicing on homemade wooden obstacles in a grassy field.", "A skateboarder does a trick on the edge of a ramp.", "A person on a skateboard on a wooden platform.", "someone standing on a skateboard on a ramp in the middle of a field", "The rider does a trick on the skateboard."]
["A man flying through the air on a skateboard.", "A man mid jump on his skateboard really high.", "A man in the air skating on the road", "A man doing a trick on a skateboard", "A man on a skateboard is flying through the air"]
["A woman carrying a platter filled with hot dogs.", "Older lady in hat with tray of hot dogs in front of stove and another older lady.", "A women in a kitchen holding a tray of hot dogs . ", "A woman in a cowboy hat holding a tray filled with hotdogs.", "A woman holding a tray of hot dogs in a kitchen."]
["A person on snow skis, with a backpack, skiing down a mountain.", "A snow skiier taking off down a mountain.", "The downhill skier is intent in his race.", "A person riding skis down a snow covered slope.", "Skier in full gear near start of run, with onlookers."]
["A boy in a white shirt jumping a gap on a skateboard.", "A skateboarder performs a trick in the air..", "a person jumping a skate board in the air", "A skate boarder performing a stunt while an audience watches.", "A teenager doing a skateboard trick in front of a crowd."]
["Black and white image of a skier in a mountain forest.", "A wintery mountain with someone snowboarding on a slope", "A snow covered mountain with a person riding a snowboard down it's slope.", "A scenic view of a downhill skier with a mountain as the backdrop.", "A snow boarder walks in the gloomy snow in the mountains. "]
["A man gets ready to perform a stunt on his skateboard.", "The man is skateboarding in the street alone.", "A man skateboards downhill on a sloping city street.", "A man riding a skateboard down a street next to a  tree.", "A skateboarder rides on asphalt near a large gate with columns."]
["A person on a snowboard is standing on a rail.", "A person in white jacket riding a rail on skis.", "A skier is standing on a metal beam.", "A man on a skis getting ready to jump.", "A skier balancing on top of an orange elevated pipe on a downhill slope"]
["A snowboarder is airborne grabbing is board. ", "A snow boarder is in mid air going down a mountain.", "The snowboarder holds onto the board during the jump.", "A person on a snowboard does an air trick.", "A snowboarder performing in a competition on a very high mountain."]
["a man holding onto a skateboard at the skate park ", "A man riding a skateboard into the air.", "A man on a skateboard performs a trick for the camera.", "An athletic skateboarder performs a complicated skating move.", "A young man skating on a slope with others"]
["A young man is using his skateboard on the street.", "a guy looking down standing next to his skate board", "A boy doing a trick on a skateboard on a street.", "A man stands next to a skateboard in the street.", "A man skateboards down an urban street with grafitti."]
["A  young man skateboarding on indoor wooden ramps.", "a person rides a skateboard in an indoor skate park", "A guy skate boarding on a ramp inside.", "A man in a warehouse riding some moving object.", "A skateboarder riding a skateboard in a construction area."]
["A man riding skis on top of a rail.", "a person riding a pair of skis on a rail ", "Someone on a pair of skis on a ramp at the ski slope", "Person with skis in the air above the snow. ", "A man performing a trick on a rail while skiing."]
["A skater is balancing his board on a half pipe.", "A man on his skateboard at a skate park. ", "The man readies himself at the top of the graffiti-covered skateboard ramp.", "A man on a skateboard on the top of a ramp.", "A man riding a skateboard downs the side of a wooden ramp."]
["Two hot dogs sitting on top of tissue paper.", "Two hot dogs with mustard but only one has a bun.", "Two hotdogs on a table close to the wall", "One hotdog with mustard and a bun, and one hotdog with mustard only.", "some hot dogs with some mustard on them "]
["Two containers filled with food and sweets on a table.", "A sandwich bun, lunchmeat, and grapes are served in a lunch box.", "a dinner tray set up with a sandwich grapes and cheese", "The lunch set up includes a variety of foods.", "Two containers on a table holding grapes, salami and a bun. "]
["A person sitting at a table with two plates of food.", "A tray full of food is sitting on a table, ready to be eaten.", "Soda with a plate of food, such as, pork, macaroni, and corn.", "A sandwich, macaroni, corn and a drink on a tray.", "A meal and drink at an outdoor table"]
["A brown donut on a thin piece of white paper.", "A doughnut sitting on a piece of paper. ", "Cake donut sitting on a white piece of paper worn to handle the donut.", "A single brown donut on a white napkin", "A doughnut sits on white crinkled parchment papter."]
["A man posing while holding food items in each hand.", "A man holding a sandwich in each hand.", "A man holds a large hot dog and hamburger", "Hungry man holding a hot dot and a hamburger.", "A man is holding two sandwiches one  in each hand."]
["A man flying through the air while riding a snow board.", "A snowboarder is shown against a beautiful sky and trees.", "A snowboarder in flight under a partly cloudy sky.", "a panorama photo of a man doing a trick in the air on his snow board ", "A snow boarder in the air near a couple of pine trees."]
["A tray covered in chocolate donuts on top of a table.", "A wooden tray with chocolate doughnuts sitting on a decorative cloth.", "A dolly with many chocolate donuts on top", "many do nuts on a table ready to be eaten", "A tray of several chocolate frosted donuts sitting on a doily."]
["A woman trying to bite a hot dog in a container without holding it. ", "A girl looks at a plastic container that has two hot dogs on a bun and all the trimmings.", "a girl bending down to take a bite of a hotdog", "A woman pretending to bite into a hotdog in a styrofoam box", "a small child is eating a sandwich in its white container"]
["A man standing on top of snow next to a snowboard.", "A woman in a sweater at a ski lodge poses for the camera.", "A person wearing cold weather clothing posing in the snow.", "A woman in the show standing by a snowboard.", "A snowboarder in outdoor gear hols her hands up in front of snowboards on a ski slope."]
["Shredded pork sandwich with beans and potato salad.", "A fork stuck into a pulled meat sandwich.", "A pulled pork sandwich sitting on a table with baked beans and salad.", "A fork perched into shredded meat on the bread on the table. ", "A fork stuck into a pulled pork sandwich with two sides."]
["A man riding a snowboard down the side of a snow covered slope.", "A skier racing downhill in fresh unused snow.", "A man riding a snowboard down a mountainside.", "A man snowboarding down a snow covered mountain. ", "A person skiing down a snow covered slope. "]
["a girl smiling sitting at a table in front of several display items.", "A smiling lady at a table with boxes of pastries.", "The woman is sitting at the table with the deserts. ", "A young girl sitting at a table with a box of doughnuts", "A woman smiling next to two boxes of donuts."]
["A sandwich sitting on top  of paper filled with food.", "a sub sandwich wrapped in some paper and cut in half ", "A half eaten sandwich is wrapped in white paper. ", "A partially eaten sandwich sitting on a wrapper.", "Looking down at a partially eaten salad sandwich in paper"]
["A sandwich with a pickle on a plate. ", "A burger that is on a plate on a table.", "A sandwich and pickle slice on a table next to a window.", "A picture of a sandwich on a plate on a tray with a drink and a covered side item on a table facing a window.", "A sandwich on a black plastic plate with a pickle."]
["Someone holding a napkin and a banana in their hand", "A person holding a doughnut in their hand.", "A hand holds a napkin with a doughnut as potatoes sit in the bathroom. ", "This is a cinnamon sugar donut that looks delicious.", "A sugared donut being held with a napkin."]
["A group of people with surfboards riding a wave in ocean.", "A group of people on boards in the ocean.", "there are many surfers riding in the water at this beach", "Surfers and paddle boarder riding waves of ocean.", "Several surfers catching the waves in the ocean"]
["A girl lies on a couch with food in her hand.", "a young person laying on a couch eating something", "A little girl laying on a couch holding food.", "A girl laying down on the couch holding something in her hand.", "an image of a little girl lying on the couch"]
["A child is shown eating a scoop of yogurt.", "A boy eating out of a bowl with bags of donuts ", "A boy sitting at a table while he puts something in his mouth. ", "A young boy sits at a table outdoors eating food. ", "A young boy sitting at table eating from a green bowl."]
["A little boy with a red fireman taking a bit out of food wrapped in a napkin.", "Young child wearing a fireman's hat eating food.", "A kid sitting on a table with some food.", "A boy wearing a fireman's hat is sitting down and eating.", "A boy in a toy fireman's hat takes a bite out of a pastry while sitting on a counter."]
["A lady in a black wet suit carrying a surfboard.", "A man in dreadlocks and wetsuit carrying a white surfboard.", "A man walking to a big wave with a surf board.", "A person carries a surfboard while walking in the ocean.", "A man walks through the ocean water with a surfboard under his arm."]
["A rugby player running with the ball, as a player from the opposing team reaches out toward him.", "A game of rugby is in action as a man reaches for the ball.", "A group of young men playing a game of football.", "Three men on a field playing a sports game.", "The rugby players are fighting for control of the ball."]
